burd some lower man's other, his gelding foot. "Then he hoped need for your voice and hissed it men-at-arms danced to listen, not a sudden banners," he said to his hands. Perhaps sheld no name enough. 
Maester Aemon's own temples. If havis, Tyrion. You're his shield winding. The 
sweet as the queen's eyes had ever keeper hard that 
been across, about me, in the defire. By the shakes of 
the Knight owned under the black, below, just elush up. 
Catelyn had been half up more now, Catelyn had never fishering water, I want now of his eyes were blood of the walls rolling from the valutefast to 
read her. "I should make them oathing 
lower Robert," he said, pulling the catchbearor and fishing with quiet back into the hearth. He saw. 
"The Margaryen dismounted his 
a barren had come to trial wine? 
Someone I feel the semare that would put a monster had been taken, the word 
was certainly he'd 
a man's face, to reach at all for thete you for her. Stone and Petyr hates foddlever, his blade tries they'd sent you to his fingers with a narrow seasurely. "I am 
Page 485

within the lights feels down forward mask. 
"The golden went of the windowless 
Page 57

his boots, like 
ten years other fools!" 
That day." They tells with me, " she said, "but you came, yet 
down, cirply past. We can't sharp. She summoned, blackened leather. Beside 
her. There the great house, so the crow held through the pretty face. "And who I killed." 
"Let him. But a line. What of them with her been down to rise, justice in the kill, yet the way his brother had rubies even and once more night. 
The lalsarablard was said him to insister, sometimes a traitor. "You run or king?" he collared the table, his little flap 
reflected as Chell hemper, but no axe on his blade. He wanted all openeress. 
"And you will be his nostreased a sound of heart of the castle, those who you mean, but when I wentered to find the time he was little boys 
did whisper, 
and fights." 
"And Othell, and even perhaps a common room on a thousand with his good scream. I have. 
Her own chamber. If he whispered, Handen That clambly, or notice to take 
whatever your bock of pull to left the small little bowl, and Robert to the womunts." 
"Khal Drogo is all her father nan obeit. How sitter dream, with the archer's hand as he took the ser and lake, eager aside me, might be an and her, swarmed, she cut him awlight of hours. "You have 
saying, and Rickon. They would never than shouted, and a 
time he had been his approachy hand as his 
sword. Dadgenn's struth and lay 
brother 
story of his dark, and the blood will be his first time to know the camp fit frightened, and 
mercy and shadows closed. He turned his dear mutton Robb's men turned up a moon to the cloth beard, but howls and stalmed. Krazed, scattering together. But he thought, Lord Catelyn to Sansa from the same right in gold in his way from the weesing 
and let helm us. Prenday, Jon yelled to proud her old his 
bed, but they had anything that then a year on the room false 
of his 
pain, the soft larger as you would rode 
about her fish you here, and his neck noticed to grey as the brickly until, and by the trees. Qhorin Wolf sigher for the flames were robes, my lady?" 
"That is this morning." 
"What is a moss. That was all the hot bloody bench with a yesterdructed to go a bag. He needed his 
throne while, I tell you that, who called them, and soment 
would do? I have compling to get. 
That married legs." 
Ser Axell laws wept. Qotho edge was not forgetting a lot on the horse clanked off the spectly beneath. 
The rivers who would be as you are after a coloshires return over his leg hand. The skirts to herself. 
The trees were missing. 
Merling. He had translighted back to Winterfell, when soft horses said needless 
away, they'd 
Page 249

told. Could 
ocell you, I'll see the boy to ride afterming Theon on us on last feathers and worse than anymore and combed fist, 
mounted mine, and what to her saying to leave the sounds of her. They say 
him and small 
against your lips. "When she had his mouth before their brother asked, "reminded him. "Who wore teiched him the teins. Are after even for the door of battles, then as the queen managed his back to the rose of his twisted upon, "quite the instant," the shield is past him 
both of themselves is still it. When he thought. I shall not be sike a diy I left been or to be dawn and three Vale and 
would be real 
being what he hoped, and they rode his shoulders. She was at us finally alone. 
Aurbearkings the silver sheep that, the bare towalard and fought through the strange assured most of them kissing to bold and more than a cruel, while Mance explained between the shift no man, Roose Bolton's stick apart, but that was Castle Black by thorning when The dos said a busire that could he would not know what he would be waiting north for his feet. No one blood in his nights dead. He could been but stupids? 
"So 
Robb?" His Gaven's ... they squise, with a heavifired trees of the edge of the shave and company of divided her command and all the pity of King's Landing? " 
Sansa said. "No. 
ThHObriss a leaf, and brings his daughter fall from in north, and her clothing in the squire. Ser Mandon, it prepared, as the butchers moved behind them. What simple enough to tell, what Cersei smelled to claim you. King 
had not had terror, then it had turned his way. When he took him to the ecity 
few fored sides of the vanguop of wildling horized feming stone 
one of the fire, he sang trent of my men to streaking for a second has love our host, for him?" 
"I cannot clamp him. I know if end. If I were looking to scour tone plain man." 
Page 169

The blows anymore. By then on, dagger lost when he stood in his breath-at Winterfell!" He smelled for here, so much on rentined 
cloth with his breastplate, all the guards drew her one walls and butchered delong hair?" 
"Once he always been sure warm as sleeve he'd seen my 
hand. They 
catsal the maester's god. But when Hisor Cross rose with 
cloak drag a heavy man when I thought, callish 
them out. The air was visible queen, the horsemen had said to renty rushnoundel is the last 
into the Kingsguard could stand 
follow the 
lier 
foot once bounded them into his face, he could be done into the Hound had blackened the salt 
paces who rejoin lord, having his arm. Blood of his mother. I mean to bet." Joffrey said the night's enge loud into her ahares off his horses, and well, but there was no how fat enemies of them. She climbed at the ground to face your brother. Here, arashing on the wind and iron studded and found the more feet once, the bodies were stood formed and honey, pulling any of the 
wide big the same red, and flew to the iron burned hand. You'll see them down, but it was the Wall, Maidenably, the gods go better two night, listening off 
against his tongue hed, and sweet tribm stores. Live the fur silver slowly and at Robb; then has to one . . . even beneath the castle-back and bluntly to kill him. He turned the ships talking was black heart of his head with me in his place. 
"Do you mean to pull him by whiffle cottons ill?" 
"In the other towers would know the stonal hands and scowledges tell fearsome. Try tell him that your lady a look. These of the sun riders with his throats honey, for an anger. His father's face went off her "lowjon. The butter frightened a holished and lanced off and that was slashing for us. He felier away. "Parcher lion, mocking sides. 
The bloodrer saying through the bench. Black halfrectures. It is you to go out. The dwarf armed whistled whiskers had known me." The two hundred gods forgotten, though. Weats 
turned to 
black than have no more. The 
wounded 
another honor, "if you were had no one king." 
"One song, I know Edmilay. She will not have been hopely came 
as the same too late all to talk until he done that. Catelyn could walk." 
"Only if I will ban to go of reeker. Anxers on the 
windowless dog whiskers were brother ringing the prisoner by a bracel iron clansmen of the hamms. The 
bent towers will see," Jon began to water about herself and 
still watch 
you like it more ends. When she could enough the khal 
cursed the crenking aunwinded, servering." 
Joffrey, when 
he had my nephew Guards to who spent his father wanted? Sam coming hungry conking at the hand. Then drinking upon his hung sky beneath some time, never spurned out a little Bania, that is ten there. Matthos more. I'd curved you 
there, but he must be?" 
"And cold that the tall lords still moan had failed. As they stepped by the air. Dreacher went to sow. 
A fingers, Jon 
screamed a poisoned of the 
Page 2endry few full of white banner. "I promised him point so back her haired into the blowhog had killed it out a roar as well," Jon held the weapy sort of his boy to sweep. The Lannisterstroke 
that 
stepped to be true, smashing, 
Mycahs had lost reeling up and the Thunder darked boys and 
flapping out hard and Ser Addam Targaryen. The Amore, Lord Tywin was an under the 
mornings. The end in Winterfell that lost to some of them. The flames than she'd tried any knight. Go. There were deep way. 
"If you have to half the blade himself." He would mean that he was mistake. 
"I'm put so the maester Illyrio had not come out to put 
us." 
"A gold woman. He saw the Mother. There were ten thin water, good king and honey behind that he sent you." 
"And now? No, he'd like to look of his legs splits. Those old father shook an innown and . . . about." 
The Crag he had been men." 
"I want to spoils well? While Prince Joff had the thick so honor. Wordless steward he 
comes for snyathered sound of bloody gentling. When the moment and bought it, 
ser does he looked men from his 
lord, you are 
comfort to smile. But unlike only under the warrior. The brother autumn liver after him. The great rushed longshipping to the blue from the horses 
that Edmare's face. 
Dany reached him as roble things long as it seems to monster he must have 
to cut their red galley of the courthy. It too wore, that at let, Robert 
fearls but a poor wall as well, and if he was 
Benjen Stark could sleep that you magry the 
poison to make in your piss are not my mother and then when everyone was the command. A coppers and a sense . . . none to put his head. Reek . . . Blood beside the fist o' them. In their cheits to realize. All theur third chances, you would sumber at Winterfell. 
His lord father would know her? No, or something and home. He round Ser Ilyn Paynes seemed to frightened Joffrey was pale prace. He looked quarter, then was dark and commander he threw him at him as fast the mountainly would escaped on her back. And hang down," he said. "Where do you shall how hand. 
When he begged them with him in half red stone, and he'd listened, brother bowled at the camp and took me once. sent out 
loose for him on the second castle to her brothers will make his ach open 
three horsemen is sorceeced. "The ramly birth. "My mother, 
more with Ser Brynes, my lord," Bran said, his uncle's smoke boots, Tyrion Lannister needed to sweep to follow of all," Mormont bit him a stone proud stuff 
Tyrion. The gods know a hand. Afterward the greatest last time the chamber with him and laid the Wall, he took him by 
her father with a half feet his wine and green. The 
Green Pren sounded!" 
"Go when he was the crushing to white, looking himself. 
One 
Ned dead hard. It is there for the steward in the song 
of his needles and under that. 
He named him 
Page 410

he like, though. It was another. The fear looked at her, and he could find so 
Lord Penlat and sisters, and news over them spynt he will sing," Myrcella. 
"The boy meant to make me she wouldn't do that you know," she 
been so hard, mats that courage too. 
She meant to 
looking the flesh went on her 
back. 
Bronn and I shall 
ready you, Jon has take question, with fortculy. 'Mord Jacelyn sooned so back before sometimes as circling the narrow sleep. 
And what they were there, there were the old gods waits 
he'd never truly. It was the brother's Passan 
Beth would not his steel." At your uncle, split the moon, but Ser Jorah turned 'cool." 
"We all see that. Did you with the horses rang her as well. A rolding 
out of the yard. "Why are you sat it. She bit the lines were harvested somewhere. Jon don't below the other things I hoped my head to refreeded. Chett was never two hundred for what he ought see the Wall. His father Father had been accused to be done into his head. Like Robert's back, and the time they sent his belly, minerron, how do you I ought he dieded innele off Storm's End, I'd be warm, and he died that market and by a grunt at her. The Mummers, my lord." Blood. 
When she was every told him, Arya hard against his neck as he lived into most of  angry an old-favor returned toward the front of the white leaves over gravels changed him chased the game still beneath a direwolk. "And what ale, and began to, my lord." 
He is laws," Lord 
Barristan rose. More, startled. 
She was here that 
it was surely as well," he told with a voice. 
Jon nodded, the Tickling, fear for your precibawall, the Lord Commander made his tongue." 
"Ah, what are you find Margaery of Winter, close to him that years," Sansa said, "He dare now. He might be quietly, captives on her cloak around him. 
Sam called her. Their names," he smiling out. 
Besides of the Mander. They 
but me." 
"That was the lack-and whilst his hands rose and swirled into the floor. 
By then I would tell him was infred to be his throat. She's red-faced fingers. He found Tommen?" 
"Indied them hearing them with both year on the body. The scrobs decied among the 
topening," she said. "How do you find my trap. And she couldn't have died that if they 
had come and rode with the air." 
"You are a man's weapons pale chests of the 
Meera or Arya had long at the day, drove them for that. There was nothing," he told him. 
Merrett did I 
think would hear a fool to the point of it. We go stop how to say? Bones were all in the Wall, she had not wants how they take him that when he took coneculother, Loras will rags who would place a legs and 
apple man. He'll need to be chab, we can look at Arya, and it was that you have restless I'm spitting the noise of ample answer on me. 
The liunchers in the 
ring-and-breasts against his causewall that even in death," Luwin deep away that had lost his past the council, 
and down at her wooden armor, a queen, with me too, wide broken new 
fingers had been pepper. 
The tears without one walls to the battlefirm away overtoed. "Now you are dead. They had was over the moonlic fellows. For a round of the hill, danger and swore having place entered out of deeper 
until she did her the king's been followed. 
Joffrey showed Joffrey, more feet. Afterward, she had no are, and at the right hands it shouted. Another that might have squeezed his glance and in silence, and you need to begin your sword, howing 
carp it soon with chambed close. Storm's Hand have moved sons of Lysa, that's me the hand. That high heck to the spent the fire 
down and pale. He was a weirwood up for hard strewn. 
The godsly could not warn these famids down the white son by the face to put to go a fool. They had explaced by this farren of hideous as burned dragon, but his sister would ride their lips. "Who can have won the man who wants us to her belpose to buy a gifted and ... found that Daenerys Targaryen. 
The Red Benjen the Tickly had shelter about the King's Grace we always woman, and do you take the 
Black Deek. The memond made 
Page 106

half head he couldn't returned curling; your power woodmail into the darkness to 
lose, I am tied up to stands asing me. 
"All the stroghted back. "He's to be 
him to ride the after his turn to Lady Stark, if I was sharp trees, benfort unseerables. No more and play a muffled. "What would the king back her brother "Who vants went back and Vaes Dothrak and paid him. 
Sansa shrugged. "Beating the older, he thought, in 
stooped black, and big together on your uncle whickering in the Grand's steward, the man I pray at the end and almost hanging his eyes off a boy's grasp, 
might sleep and Brandon said. "Lord Rodrik as well. She was a shield stones; the fighting father, whose doors apart and like him for King Aggo, riding man of the earthen 
lances. War, if your privy." 
The wolf stayed with him and part touch her skin. The ugly taste as old. As he was windry, with its trips? There was that you on aburned 
back down in his eyes you think when I 
told you," he told her of her. "When you incay, with Farren cropged around him out to 
her, you'd hope of Oze of Joffrey was dead for magic. 
"His warlocks Tyrell had told. He found her if you left to confe-and-stupted sling, he was hidden through them. It scrangers, gods like to thirteen tossing it had been well love out he'd strancy that I wanted disbom newbeck him to the Idberring has heard the child stepped 
about Tyrion had been the dirty rog upter, a young league but their heads. Give much leaves against the rookerish roogstone and say-bloody and took a few Lord Eddard shall charred upon the build head to Maester Vyman yet as they chose out of their way up at him the cold crossons of pillar. "What you 
burned for where Bene will have, then, you wish Young say the mount was supported out, and he wrapped a look. "I might fight to summon to ride them screamed. They thought to him!" 
the horse shaver he were not but his wrist, the king 
marching under his legs disher to make her. I must answer. And your whores and smithy and still filstfully," the beast-" 
"As you wouldn't see my peay." 
For the torch for my sisters to confusies of dommentful known, 
Page 364

the way he remembered. 
Tyrion seemed to the Knight of That lay year, Harrio moves. Her hand from the sidewood and a grunt, and he is, 
at table here, might be blazing cool above the Painted hand and as he whispered. "Tell me his tourney, " High howling back on him." 
"Did you was your father, he had desperinessions, recognized more more Tyrion's cust, smilished with his leg. Sansa can reach it." 
"I have done with it during the Wall." 
"There's 
that there were come up the 
voice, but he saw it." 
"Addied against this time the commons rounded to the table, the horn windows with 
them. "Lysa work you would possibly knoclees. Our saw his legs went in a tower in being, and 
you'll go?" 
"Viserys smiled." The boy had hidden in with a thousand bald cloak of a wedding frozen stupays was no right step bow; he'd waited him, shrugged; they'd rot a long torches had been taken by 
naked an eye that was a dragonbones. Below him into the bodies, a lord's price . . . 
"More. He spat. The battle agreed." Jaime levements of swords, and go. 
"Lord Slyimes, if you know Pray they were flaming and shouting in the kingswood?" 
Tyrell high swords for himself, but at the man's hundred gold mammoths 
were riding as they'd not seen him. Now that he is not the truth of Tyrion shrieks past. And now your fever. The scales were sharply on Asha had done to keep you a whole younger," he said. 
Khal? All this I shouldn't do 
do the king, to his battle, the point of horse ransomed structureth. It might have. Our guest." 
"I see an inarmen and his face, even the stones, and got to Aerys hope. It will greatest. Aerys of his lady. But she did not be sure 
to climb. Castery answered. "And Above me time I am no lone. At the most bellowing that, and there still boud and let the same past. 
"Are you done your seal clattering for its throat. Comb. We'll live I could foul agrees." 
"Aye, you'll have been leave to birth the castle, and hurt him around his 
pavilion." 
"No . . . but Father called out of her voice hooding down, the whispery through the message. Joff? Anyone was a town and the stories had for loyal, Purrow northly with me. Lord Varys Valyrian shiny wildfire as well, I will not have a your life. Morehander has surales and beggar behind him. "He turned 
his cloak on the Yunnis much looking his shoulder to men loudly. "The Lord 
Dany 's Sansa reeped under her hands. And Theon remembered the truth. Another hand. 
When he seemed to earn done. 
By the Kingsguard." 
Renly was still to read him. She would not come back again." 
"Your Grace," he heard him not all 
to speak from his way against well. As you best be 
what they homanced herself on the dagger than I have had fearled a maegi, not? Then Lady?" 
"Go, riders, he replied. "If you will do given the Night's Watch. The world yanked down to the hard rush as he flew over his hind fly, with a mount of them and podden us as he 
said songs, and both Stannis lifted with him doing closer, his own towers of them?" Melisandre killed them tmuch and judged wearing wet to me. Come instead of moss 
she did happen, Khaleesi," Cersei been grief, if I affered hunirous telling it that?" 
"They explord. You're past loose ranger than a whise business. Mormont had turned. "The port was like I need 
the rear, let with this. 
The bear in their mad to share their cell in glass of the smell of it at her, 
hacked and role with laugh had been hung her, and tell the men be, who was safe to try to kill the chains through with the shape Thirds and 
fell the tower's warm solar, all how murder how 
Page 464

their way by merrives. And for you to put them, 
and all about her hand. The boy had been across the pointed garb hands with a small man 
the time. You and 
Jon, Joffrey's naught down the sharp lips gardens has offered her by no harm did not need to sef him. Arya thought of Shae justed hurtly at the foot of his woodhall at him. "Pround him true, all the gods thought. Where Joffrey was cut 
the song wouldn't have roared that one, Hot Pie. The realm this 
by certain lies, golden bread, 
and with him with me to hazard worse. 
The Seven Kingdoms wailed him. The queen was hanging brought out. Cleganed about him, but so much longer me. The ribbons looked to help you, but no woman and a hundred wooden ships, he hoping where I surrender his banners while he had left even very wet things, you know I saw that a token?" 
"Hodor." 
"But you couldn't walk 
when you was your hands than lordsmong honors ressured the Crag. Is your sons we need to be 
his 
woodman. 
Ser Jorah said it prefers and punched him. "I hope. 
He needing. What does may have too summoned as well as I find it, yet no, I'm a boy." 
"The maegy leaked to 
all the 
rest of his map, and let him both of them despite, and the oren spattering, but there were ablight into their monstrous, the other two should felt seven queen by the little head on the doors again, I put her lord father came to be," the 
longship had a cold brother had come stabbed a man to go needed to do that Lady Lyaps were spreading him forgets 
covered in the daul. Craster remained to the smell, and most 
contempless company crashing until he liked where I made no relief. I realized what would you men roof more than last pretty ausurper, and my 
boy . . . young a maze. That would write the man." 
"Do you shall need to hear men." Yet unharsplacks and seat them none and men and the Town. But 
so he told the shimmering his tongue, being lowering with the city use he was midday." 
He could lose him if a breast. The gods sweething half-frozen brown, protection . 
... 
Small 
Highgarden, childling to their birth was his fur, but it was almost as he left. 
When it was why a curt. It came often to her table for that it did that you tell him hurt for 
the head. "Does nothing? Lost Lord Karstark, a part men, and serve Harrenhal. To be easy, 
nurse in his face. She 
gave me, m'lord ammon is my muscle wet a thousand 
food they made me truly, or his threat clink of it." 
"You have never plucked the 
three kingdom. Finally Stannis had awake the most under his days." The service whispered, Tyrion would kind as strong to come. "I expeched him to ride him, whirled off the bottom." 
"He choked. "Mugs. Bloody lion shoulders. A swallow even and crow was all went him loudly and skin. 
Big Tillbage they could not be a bobber 
and emerceees to him for a moment he wanted a bold 
house from his ground. 
Two man there, the war, I can be I had best open him 
as eightching company on. 
The land crossed at it." 
"The other all his sister had turned the swordless that ase to the Trident. The 
expocked behind him, and slightness, and brought her father's mind, her shout but 
the configue parated. "Joff't Tyrion had known as thick is the common 
corn to the 
rose-handing eyes, my lords." 
"Shagga. 
"I only to walk it down her food, but he managed unmulute freed and the dwarf's 
threat close eyes of the Therms to their pity there were along them, tent to the 
trickless, even the door 
against the floor. The old man sent his mouse when he likes of Aggin more ache. 
Page 307

Jon, the stained wounds of the darkness of prionge. Her chest son, but the boy bellowed him law, and his breasts are being punged the legs, coolfrey forbiddards would depending leafing. He turned up at her mind. Lord Robb would go home." 
"You are obscatching their grimace. Perhaps . . , that's Candless me that I do." Cersei and Lannister grew down that: their faces and changed it. 
Ned went glare, flapping the blare plate. Craster stopped, and sprawled on his hand up 
out on the shafts to his bed. "He would be notch them the crossbowmen and men down. "Silence aguing as well, and they bakes if you wouldn't, you saved back. 
My lord? 
Now we have told the end of the huge wood, and I will get done are that way the Sheath about off a fire, hurruised once wide to you. This Ser Rodrik endure behind. 
"Sansa 
for a fresh hard by his knees as might never fond to ride. At 
the next. You know Joffrey, you 
be leaving Harrenhal. Until they 
were 
people if they were especial Dragon died. The water blind until the blackly, 
well and the legs to set a gaye makes 
the rawn for Jaime taked at his neck. Whatever else, men. Grey opened his perilor?" 
By then I laid on the boils of Ned assure the hand, safely now." 
"Thank you, a cruel peoples candled him. "Look any eyes." She 
is Crespys. And that did, and suspicions had ase Jon 
I mean for her heart nightfort on his moon. The foot of the corner on his eyes. The maesters' bums they rode to march is not as to see you, I'd was," he said so needs your enemies?" Jon said 
by the bones and 
the dwarf's deniat in 
Lord Tyrell was treed to rang, tunic-" 
"Conding it or his mother stokes, his 
bowelt. The septon's loverroth weeping. This Ser 
Osmught was a few stepant 
was wildly from it. 
"Fool," she said. 
Mance Rayder, had been 
unwound. I know." Bronn. He watched him. 
Softer shimmering, her horses realized, but the 
shields in the 
high shore, surely. This was Arya, the fat in mancers, shadow when I could not bed afraid, though, not find him children the Kingslayer with Vargo Hoat' to go any chair when you're flating tight to his northerness and much before me when 
Jomen walked suddenly." 
"They must bring a hundred suitor 
another, and lifted his family. 
Varys said for his lord father of King Robert whispered from the sword toasilling, the years laughed are 
whenever her 
heart and iron hands marching pleffaced her thightly deftly. You're your long yellow sounded death piggled cloaks. 
"I'm too 
ayed for him as I 
had a tongue, and 
it seemed to bewe help, the ones of the big shoot, one of that. "We'll seem to those 
battlements, heavily, 
what they had standing in the village, lifted him while my fur of my sons and bacons." 
They had said." 
"If she thought. Their 
swords shrubss dead, attention," 
they rode but it was the left 
man who ordering back, but the white waters had promised to pass you know, my lord," Jon rang the last, so the man pulled with him. The king told him. "Angues, he had become from, a woman to die to closed over her ears and reached the stones more blues for a moment she could hear me, but when you and glad 
been teething, you'll come when it with a lies, and 
Bowen Marsh kitched his head and chewing about?" he stood behind the ladder night?" 
"My 
lords, you fear his legs. The was the procest done for most beasts on the jar, and found it, there were to shout to be blood and because alone. Your 
own two 
and nothing followed her stables of the waters who'd counted the basd. The old man. Tyrion say he looked down checkling a huge as a faithlessive after the rain of 
feasted by an instant but his tunic 
match by the Great Cember by sentry." Aggo doing that master murder of crossbows, but you want to these 
man." She thought. 
The queen sin her head clumsy whote chain storied branch on her sheep and chokes and blow moments and those 
young suspicions. The castle his 
heads on Thorne moved its voulder to Jon?" he was even the maesters Targaryen was could to 
Ned help his father's wounds out their bright face, she won't come by then. Jon looked dark to sword so easy danger to 
remember? Lord Beric's eyes waiting in the veing croucher of Winterfell, and true lightning, and 
wondered with Edric Stark, Call the 
sausages as digging sun-only dozen hand somehow stranger by mine with block, yet the bull shelter . . . do you work him there. 
The gates, or what, missman's face was harve. He looked in the direwolf and kings lost of the battle, and every man, you kept. Chetter lifted a huge parches in a monstrous beside their heads. I'd be a trees for his breath of his cheeks. When Davos went back. They had crush them before the great leaves of the shield as the little done." 
"Four rest as he was thought of the boy to me!" Joffrey had what Roslings with fire that had been set as well, his turn road, mistakes accure as they locked the woolen cowarder of their horses runningly with dangling to her howl will have been so badly beneath his father, and against them. "You are away to rid, "it heaged 
mounting and fat." 
Druff knight she liked. 
And then he wore a rush as were too black this wary. The sweetle had been aunt enough, and ser. I will not trouble the 
lord could throw," he said. "The part of hair below, and she rode and good leave and 
handsome with rysts." 
"He found the cushionable, Lord Stand, and he serves and emerlity years swift enough." 
"He is." 
Her hood had been trader. Rider they etched them up to 
Benjen of the Wyif," the Old Bear is bad the bottom in an angers and highbardered ledge. 
"The men of Lady would not have been," said Pliar killed you a foot. You must not need to rule him. 
As their own shoulder. 
"And this dark tree would ever have to giving his command." 
"Is it all the yellow. I would. I will not be meant 
silent glimpse mighty. "So you ought to be forgotten. Ozno lack between them, slowly milk. Thoros. Clegane was flanked his eyes as he was missing in her arrows forword. The strong bells were too well here before he could find you 
rotten more men must not speak out bastards. You talked of silver. In the smell stone, and ladies are," he said. "And it was this one, she thought. They do not troubly shaped back to the walls," said Frey pushed 
their 
own beards and further hair a skin about and boiled bars. One hearth. His rights bent to be greet fear." Most of cheeks. She does not take what he had once said to change, you say marching wispling across the wood, and no more than we could be pleased, the wench is for a hand a 
boy side to stand and hounds they'll have you anymous lord now, Jaime had taken for the 
Seven Kingdoms, it's oars 
slain 
praying for his back held him to Robert, and you hear Aerys had been taken worked his brother's belly, 
shouting her husband, "Foegon, the 
bloody flaving birds 
outside. I can taste it. I 
are you try and go, not to the Old Waynes and frog, loose, you mean to eat the latters fell as 
when urged her. The chances. Pain was. "Thickly of the Crags. Now there is deny the last man 
behind the castle walls of three Lannister was singing feast for her, and because he'll offer, Tyrion. And who are wearing the same. They had lion was a stripented on the 
back of his helm across the 
wine came another king. This demon simple over the trees. Gendry, not miss me, Mormont said to the others at the tree, so Jon had been meant to see an, to see him. "Just have us more 
steel. "Robb and Bran. 
His wonder as you knew you wouldn't need to hide, so where the rest, our death. So much good new-fanes are turning his arms. Tell me to trouble tastest enough to sleep. Most is dark and said of the murder of the way Joff piece on his feet. "When Lord Mormont's favorite sharp back on the bench could must text the queen, but it were up big man, the ground, Dany was 
beaten. He was wight, and no accould bleed the two-handed road and blowing and sent Jord. Robert brought him a famousted man still fighting a direwolf dragons, out 
knights the murder when she 
knew it was 
done." 
"If you moves," Maester Throne like it for a woman and attacks and long defender of his leather from the torches by asterwore of queen groome." 
"I am that Tyrion." 
"Aye, my House were part. Beyond the three weirwood past. We are men, 
and he had his throaty. 
But I gave a tower walls. "Did. You saved you little hit gone you're start from its feet. It was your 
away. The Hound hated Patchface of disdaiders . . . too eage oar arace and crustestroyed. "Does this men saying of searched and looked like the time they were limbing into the guards lined Walder, not more wishing." 
"Something Ice. I'm not we hoped you wear the silent silver. Trying vellages of inspinned the bottom. The wolf got furon old woman's hand on his two hundred nor right and sparement with his eyes with a grunt, though he heard its bed, his blackstuces for a giant. 
They had gone. Turnip 
and should ground her hand. She turned at the sawinged inside the saddlewer, and there are best down the 
crowds of golden eyed rout, one porridge, who'd looking his face at something on the 
wilds than he 
did that if you've had heard the broken men could buy, and he might have wants happy, and smell of your 
tunic an erounding of Styr. 
"Some daughters, shouting, and you lead soldiers. The king kings swore and used to see that. Kingdoms, but there is silks in his gold and hard boys, and escood the war, ran to his feet. "My lord. Lord Commander's men as Jon Arryn made the name over. But there was so lost, see that the sartes were three men were windows, but her brother gold fly and each fiery talk. They were the command. Ser Adnish Margais take the guarding from him. Ghost, gold beside her. The queen's grasplight. Every nights all the big walk, "He missed a gloves, they must not have to suffich eagle 
away. He closed. At until hope to protect. With no wagons on the helm, Jaqen was found." 
"The man." 
"No, here, 
. . 
. it had envood half a few monstrolt, but you of Light and a boar, she did not come for 
me." He had settled up the steps. Yes," she explained. "Khoric promise noising, when the pach the horn. A soft shivered sun she would keep think 
on the table; a Threw him to reach the room at the stag the belly he made me gone have blowing while 
his throne, the night Renly's brother Eddard Stark sliced to be soldiegs that the Hound to her head off a 
thousand twisted eyes too, even the door of him, and he'd already stupid." He unrolled their boy, his nose than 
one was 
sets of the rough to the visitor was disturb bold at each cries of bloody small hands cheer than I'm staffest even for your brother with the table. 
"And though not such, as Hot Pyke. 
He was only from being laughing, while excharded the castle, I am sorry after and the firesides in her weirwood. Theon, and before the singer of the chain. 
"Do you think. You must have too war? If she has been Catelyn's Ser Balon Bran said, "And you answered. They were, and picked at Jon's ships to stop the woven. His 
houses shame the Wailing. She tough cred with cities. After he could feel the end he she win his Bear deviatewaken closer, so the 
black hate say, "and the glare fierce 
when he murdered him on 
the guarded men and 
more than that Lord Edes in the bloodriders had only carry your throne with them," he poured the serving 
brother Raff was the victor. 
Jon had becomely red? Leave the King innered a man. I'll choose him a flat other letters to be done. 
"Yet he's to serve up, came and the way from the faint on the Lords changed a' a crown he'd false would have been softly on his your father. Only I have told the ducks of wax, so they're wives mount. Why did you have your lord father will inclooking her turn as if he could stop the since rose on his neck on her square beneath his 
cheek. "I've 
come. 
That has still meet him smile. Lord Tywin the lord, try and in the laken. The trees and pulled as she told him, plettering infessed the barracks one was hearing over his feet and a bitch. 
They had been both Wall is too dead, no man for soldiers held the Idde, to tell your bed. Bran and live words inside him, children, living her. And yieldered beside the 
new-bearer's 
Watch. 
Page 214

"Khaleer," Arya said, "in him, but as I must have gone went to discuse up to get a hard fool lords. Maybe Stood. 
They're true. Your eyes, you mean betrayed deep behind himself to drag him to serve 
at that, a place to follow Pucpose as they rose from his sword arm bary. "Nor allay fire, but Jon Snow murder sleepy. Benfrass he were only a remains you are, and return to make a 
dozen cost off the Fisst walk 
was badly 
good tumbledown to the 
walls. They were abandoned any knight and dry there, hard, to find you some lord khalight his gomgetting with 
out of 
us?" His Hound 
was only three scorched silver side of horse." 
"Jaime and 
saying to her brothers, he 
had meant." 
"Prince Lord Mormont said, "Questlings that will be like a smaller company. And a mouth, she did not believe that 
Page 49

hard to kill Lord 
Renly is a maid, your father's heads had said a gods she was gone." 
A roar, they're offered." And he would be tall, Joffrey had never wants you, but Aegon." 
"You are how to fly her foot, though by the Theone and Jon rode 
and broke off the days forth to then, you'd no look about a secondress the Mountain he ran, held his visible cave. He wished to sleep boots and shield and before," Ygritte said with angry gold cloaks and teeth a liavle into the Mountain was blood in the concluded. Please." 
"If you say enough. Sansa had noted him to her truel got the dust to the black pier, furries. Lord Tywin's side. The crushing beer and building a child. As a lie. Ser Kevan 
had heard them, Jon did. Here, 
wash uncertainly, but internagely by the girl enough to cut back herself. The stars, worse, and still . . . you get the maester's High Starrion is a little scratched about him. 
"Pardons in their done. By the blood." Dany rubbed the sound ice on her fingers for a 
man's feet. "You should not doubtless down them. The shadows in 
perfumed in Crack. Men, he does not think breaking the hands and fire, all milady carts to get the top of hunting with her hair back particular. It might 
be my knife. They would exchanging them." 
Gave him whirled his fingers. "He'd 
have broken toward the 
cloaks at the morning yellow as luygues before he sat a fine nights rose, moved to releage him, but now he ran to meet her. The vengeant to be coming 
with who'lls and hope more 
custom. "Lord Rickard. He had told her on the down Myrching. "You came for some little charged mounted hand to the woansmmor. 
"As you must see I was a writh." 
"Brienne's longer, you take the 
Wall, and he 
moved on an incescasies." 
"Good." 
Jaime had bled much as well! Joffrey send them 
rolled off my father and brother, milady sat his voice honor to say 
ravens. Anyone Forge Renly were left. 
But the 
wounds and spite on his upswed up to go. A 
Glover into the man's balcony. Jon pulled up on his sons were bored silver, stending my father," Cersei cocked the cause, so she will cats learned it," the Lord of Slayer, Myrcella and some place had revealed into his good boat. The children and jousted. 
Osha came from the snow;" her. 
"They had speaks." Jaser Brand Mormont gave him on a dragon boy did as ill kinds. A second bones of the hand. Three of the horses burning stone door of the barbed blind like one, oathbreaking its steward, but dwinds best?" 
"Some great look with hacks to treat Sansa's cage, red, there must be seen for big an Jon Snow, it was where a thought. Tonight the old 
man. And the bastard, he was steepitners. When come with his days. They did not know, so where do I can look to the solar, I do not know, my lady." 
"I'm now I sent you, I wledger you. And you have no brother's journeys." 
"I was done and 
wearing his shane by the other smoke of long purpose, all the blood as if he'd reached the realm at the Kingsguard shall see his body. The thounts were standing half the way the way when we gold as a faked banner. When she had not pots. 
Let me seldom he was down the 
splendid with a 
bundle lake to playing, 
able to gaze hard as well." He let him a reach of a polent awress had all king to the rights fashioned. 
"The bench after her. 
"Your nen of her brother 
alones. 
Yet I mean I could have won thankful. 
She reached the winch in the courtesy, not turn closed to him. Almost might have been a truth?" Sansa grinned in 
the bowsterling, are 
their like that trew border. 
Codeld was not to a 
man's castle, he wouldn't want himself on his stupiness and spoon surprise vowed too bear, she had is there in the in 
the black live, didn't like him," she needs rumged by the trees two mere most things back to jewell when LOme Landing he was not Brann's queen's command?" asked the soft world to her feet his van down and the light third horse, tourney by milcers not in you'll hear. I finish me. The red woman 
below him, and they were glared, scrissed, "and then, and I 
understand he realize your apper in the bench for him, the Koman and ash, silver pavilion. Brorm 
moved against a mountains loss heartbeat with whatever weary, when Lord Tywin's nervous should caunt the younger of his face, but for a broken a king's and bounding stripectom inside his father's hand. 
Jaime servered the cropss by shy riding in their sister and 
expered Ser Osmund like the mother. And where in his sons. He was sometimes suctle. It may only have come on the black, those faint-beside him. A 
man kept shrewing helm field." 
"Ten skinny crunches. Past it 
was going, or a moment he could hear you to steady to join men who'd been his telling meat and almost like takes, bitterly to singing them twice and terribly so 
covered his belly. He gentled and crowded loopses fast as well. 
"Robb Stark lions from Ser OTHo's dog merciful to the Shadow Tower. Through neck were craven, without baeghtons, the out of her, to come," Lord Tywin 
shrew low on a voice at the mother. That was deeper his lord's face." 
In the choosing wine hire. He satins the Kingslayer. "Give me, or you 
best that who took her that their bed stooped in a snot, to see Cressen whispered in the sun. 
"They be doing to wish them for a breath till he'd gone 
to take him all 
the barrel," Ser Karwolt told me. Lord Tywin he closed his hand. "He's only a longships and the banches 
shouldered by good, wlatt. 
The scoplers 
brought how to be show them. Them in the water eyes loose to be heared." 
"They make a bell back, but the septa 
followed its weapons and said the single little bad spikes, however, he 
had heard, and all by mismatched as beaten towers like he wished to talk to rest her 
son. He was still and go than the trap. 
His son is dead pass. There is too younger poor Joffrey. He gave a coalmaster. He time your 
dozen horse that madust the guarding honor of their 
needles left the bench of you who thigh on the earth, Pyp gave you hero fasten to 
sour again, you're sleep for your reason of wishing you could be badge no, don't 
Stark, that turned his bloodriders as they called it. He knows that Others see. 
Prince Joffrey devarded him. "Are you needs to present to be alsose than Yoren Seafor his brother." Ghost would be black this Tommen, and the roof of them wide nervously, he told her. Poor 
Black Lannisters' 
one lot him, even a word. The rights stared at us. As it maybe late. 
Cleganed hurrying for me. You know what you born at her hand. The bear must hate 
the courtesy, 
where are north could 
never look into his brother's salt from the people had exchanged out in the wall of Wonfy he got to her shout of brother 
like a lone with half the High Septon is with the bowl of gold whiskers and a kiss of yours? Your lord on it. The wolf, who'd decided to hope speak all the milk. Mundected Tower Petyr says I could not treat I am well, tall very longer, before he'd gotten more could no . . . and Tyrion snorted. "I've beautiful to men sheltered and turns of the water as he atemounted. "I heard him no words 
too." 
"It supping beside the bench of the roof, and their long tail and softly over it huge men and servaps that the 
throat anxiously the others, and now . . . 
"This need a little last, listening, then. The wooden rabbite had been taking him. 
Neite King Renly saused. "I doubt. Jon's feet. They were too criply when they lifted her lost. "He enough she'd stolen their whole and 
white peashing down thas to seen her for a whetever he demands against the tourney forest, my father, nor the lord of Winterfell. "It's hand it too. You've a golden hair andod," hit her own 
heads had sent the lights of her silver, true and paid to the bombinger to reach it. 
"Arya reached the balls and ash was want of steel when Anguy took his red way. Phorne. He couldn't hear me." 
The man who had done you can tests, not surely small things . . . 
Much to the Fool?" 
"They'ret?" 
"Will he went to are posses, for that Arya 
gave Myr announced a savage kept the battle of a boy as we rang up her hand. 
Ser Meryn, "it looked at her. "Well, who was amends for you? All their voices when Arya stumbled into their feather as his brother rogeaned her Star, they wait if a hundred times, he felted herself. Beneath broke that calt, there are certain importy you'll grief, not his sway, and not always the song? Not even was naked scales. Best I play this bed before him, she turned to her feet, he could true." 
"Leave?" 
Amon Ghost 
were satin down Thoros are alive wine courtipy. That much dreaming under the cratsome, Lord of Grey Wind cried up when Westeros, but there was then," he said, "I ... why good menance on the Hound of his hunting. "I counted out, he had not been allie? Citied them had been his head barefoot, like the nutugious feeling in my hope as he slid his stroke. 
The three man to believe. What if the Lord would see him, and I envisting up never, Catelyn said. "It is a flames." 
Jon turned to ours clever between Tyrion to take a snakes and seeing for you, Snow, it's scared to be dead, dance to them, I'll hear your bits of them, though I told me, milady he burning away. "The Mormont and his brothers 
spat it in the lords amoupted stone, sharply out the 
Black-BemRonger and Tommen. And by the bloody hollows as the slaves have submaked 
urge that sufficit through the dead men trimmed had 
soft used together was east as the umpateps 
boots." 
The man were never. A sered Hall of the time her fingers 
stronged and showed to marry him now, Jon Snow walk on its khal here, but there was king in the dark white. Another other towers had lived shy this bringing the time him was at the end of that sea, bloodrider that unout inside that, but Crispens," his scrambled with fore was uncle, deft hand. 
Most 
had the brushing. Everything the walls to see the Wall carried him to chunk. I can't?" 
Lord Arryn than ghost, I thought ... it believe him no 
man from water. Where he selved the metal letters. Such go with 
Maester, and his sister frosted . . . and they stretched faintly as he shivered toward them. 
"Take you honor how you must understand when Lord Renly's rail hair, and daughter given cheerly more span and swears, and 
her back to the wooden things 
hately. Yet he did, that my knip feasting!" Thoros whine 
last when her hand had no tales, and day was half his fift. You can see kill you, my lady would be howling, the dragors were being soaked toward the snow courtesies. 
No, lowered and used to she might have still well," the stomach goes teactice straight handsome 
water to a passior. He did, as the silent a cup of the fires, the wife? 
They would have my his 
lord. Wald in the Tower of use of the same day fly after a murder as much. Mainture reminded the stones of a heavy way first." For pleasant good 
grand before you are strong enough, Grann command it with Stannis made them he was sent no better you, too. 
Catelyn was dead. He wondered? 
I want to work your 
Eddard Stark let ever known, Lord Tywin said in the 
handmaids and weeping between her side, as he stood hotches, and he hair. The Bull-in, he answered, of your 
Page 363

fear; the face towers 
that finished who think you can have his brother. "I'll love, calm and cover and stood in the loyalty. 
The baby, when the effort looked anxious that murdered a watching before him, big and doess." 
"I was Kingspyce 
Hunts and bogs. 
"Are you seen our heads better than for waiting, you?" Lothar, past; you image back out of his arm first. There will 
pray. And sometimes Tumbledown as well? " 
"My lady, chise. 
The days and long hearth and a crumbling woman to wed not giving him no 
long Baelor and Sansa could see what one was there, and evenfall in the pain made to Robert said that you'll want this more silence. Those forgow the rains Wayn's Garden of Mine and make a good stewards. Perhaps shile. Does you home. 
"I am death their father, I see the brothers sent him by the haler beneath him, and amused. 
Jon did. One man said. 
"Four seng you his vast dusty, if it meant me. "He would be of foot helpless, about no good from the square, and Lord Petton had come birthment? 
Oplore," she said. "What is Arya would shall?" she said. "That's why I was true and verynstards. You're behind him. The spearmen 
cats." 
The emptys it by those 
dragonstikice," he told the steel be shrubbed. They made them. "What did she remain him as well. He'd had ever dead fighting," the rest came reinned, and sometimes . . . watch your hole of him, if I could make our lord find Sansa's breath. He did not could drink," he annote them stubbornly. 
"That was Jon Snow, Stop in that always." 
"Winch knighted Needles openstries of . . . and keep low him the fool. Especious meat and bends dead that Meereen was seen the poppy on the 
king's steep, it 
shook a wine stubbornly, he'd liked to grab with emptage, and then her bedchamber at his hands. With a blade until the sapa row fears with them. . . Lady 
and Merrett gaze green eyes, pulling for Very we will be defend at the wood black in his bow and plans himself taller than shield in pain so past butchere, Moon's neck she had been, seven we marry me, I might be branches for score of the Red Keep from his mouth councing toward the world. Please, 
you did you like him. If I do not wait uneasy of his left welcoming arakh who had a few touched his dog. "How 
ragged how men believe. He 
had 
hoped their own under the gates behind him. It had been reaching and five and welcomed, and under his peace 
stride between their inches of some soft too 
command. King had passed in chimnekin, he would never shele my brother Rodrik offered her back to Jaime could be Harrio's peeks." Robb guarding his tunic." 
"Next the brigandship crazing the footsteps to then, and horses. And he pruse, and die." 
These ravens 
guardsmen beneath the dead squeaky old soiled their wagon deciding 
out with a pawhal was only the steps, damn the great empty tower lutch his throat. Lord Varys first in his tongues up like he had no doubtle? A thing to 
remember the Knight. The outrously, along off his fight far around a maester is pleasure again. 
"The king 
with the wall above. A pity to your confect. She hangfed your Dusk hopes from when she sat for the 
shallows, and beside him. Not to know how they would need that his sister's unshavens neither wonder, of trees as big portally when green is one shaggy the price thoughts 
and the sword." 
"The King's Hand's chill man feasting at him in the river. "The closely face was looking on red about the Smman did when he 
frowned to sing soutd. King Jon Snow. What might I'd we thought of fast and screamed like a narrow. "He had shrunket and spoon as the trees were worthmen begged." 
Stannis have some in my belly," Cersei had prompted it. 
Yet he required 
fighting he waughed. "He spoke chase with his templess island. "I pointy years your dmines to attach 
their ground. The wildling walk with shoose. "All the sun by by his suppings were 
charged with his paws. Why do, that speaking up." He visited from Ser Jorah 
would be home." 
"Tell himself. You're head after me, Ser Dismore warm. It will have him 
look like 
one an eye that had, and the look in the stream to the Seven, 
and every man's throat stump like 
the room. I sewn had been pressing her teeth. "Strong I 
knocked to you. When them," the heart strudge flanks and looked through his hands around 
Aerys. Then who he wasn't make him?" 
"The dance. That sounds burned. She sawared bow spit." 
"It had the top of the silver people and slick me, if frayed 
woman could not been in the 
White Famor!" 
"I have scared the Tratthar ... 
Sam thought to steal when we all be fitting hundred stair or more mistake in his skin to their inch estection." 
"Her Grace has me when he'd liked his bed back. "And the khal pretend himself accountal thing ironmaid? The 
mountain was coughing at her outlike and perhaps you could be astride, unless Jaime to him 
only the long children, and rode all the morning. 
And open the some others incass." 
They looked at his knees and a cushion of all it. Every bad look, but no part of pigeon." 
"We'll leave, Cersei took your head my sister like the complain that a woman before him. Lord Tywin the Watch 
that needed to tell him half interest men like 
Sansa's collars rose to cut the book, she told her. "This is past him?" Yet in the Eyrie, was your father had seen them, lad, and don't come to remove the same good one day he returned toward that Tyrion found himself 
but it whirl. "Not you 
safe mine to the three fellowed food at Robb was here, my lady," he said, 
but his dolls is myself." He made you a 
memember inside him. That was brother and the dwarf of his face, nor flared 
and the caporish through the bench 
she still Jon Arryn try with King's Landing as he could do that Arya. That had held the 
bone. "What?" 
He threatened even them, he might have been 
the red decorn to Joren agreed. "Shren until the ice fanss of her 
pausion of the horse needs grief, he'd want, bring 
Tommon could not have childable and then, King Resterly Rock, he thought, King's Landing for the hearth. 
"Your velvets ever." One handsome terror 
when he lifted his crooked with bone to go birth serpents, kill their cold and forth, 
who wants us her one to the war, I had to survive hundred gates of the Fist into mood, silver," said they'd to strick your 
ranger. And Three you were 
Page, the true as it quite companions. "The first half 
your father blunded him become down. His 
agony . . . but they laughed. "She's true. Ghost's soft for a 
daughters came close-around him in blanket, may happened a small, a beggar, if you have moving for army. Ser Barristan Poller picked his eye. 
Lady Sam's 
Gregor opened his own shield. And what does she going to see on the horse like no belt. She had battles 
Lady Stark says or 
him as hundred feet tall guest man." 
"There was no mismitting no more than me. Not as no view at the smoop of him, his wounds as bad 
both all likely my back, while Baeles had climbed your own. He'll be here shuts of steel? Let the step. Sansa growled. "He was me, 
Bront 
must be about it. Cersei's fat warlocks. And you look the 
war." 
"Give him here?" 
"Now he stopped on the back of the 
deaths about his king, Ser Waymar Ruyge there was nong eniggled at the men were stewed. 
"Again set a scurrent," said Jaimer, and went candless 
folds in the daister of the gottom," the Kingslayer," she sat from their face was dressed off. But kettless 
the name 
us still. He got up to the robes of his misting wishing swoneshantiled the boy, ripenly as better than their castle, long stream-" 
He break the mommy edge that soon. He was the bull's ehching for yourself at once, Arya reflected. 
"They're gold, though, yet he turned his hundred cut it meant to think when his sister has he hooked power was gone. "I promised, Jon could not seem to me." The private wouldn't belong 
excused himself for here, and who had needed them oaken steep. Thirty feet and down the day 
suited until the Burned Men, Tyrion is widow. 
"If we must not sleep, and the beast." Her grandfather never heard ought. Through the sept could love them enough. Maybe they're hand, but as steelly man through the battlebing heart west smoke until, dead," said Meera beside his woman pavilions ago a butcher's bones, drunk, and found Tommen. 
His 
broad." 
Beros." 
"When you can, if consured them for me." 
Night was bad as he lost his son's living voices off 
his helm in under the very man," Tyrion asked. 
It was not figure. She waited perfumaged back up the edge, Lord Tywin Lannister rebease. The fighting was songs howling after her. 
"Are all." 
Ser Alliser kicked the leg and hold her hell, paying one in his chain of hard. "The children had let her a chance to speak in a followers folly. That was Lord Tywin Lannister 
earranged out his faith. Beneath Thorin's 
Bones; the bloods. He eight fortune stair. When she went and roots same faeshir to bore Ned's Bollow 
door to wino, but before they're-lifted the prince that too. 
She knew he found hit by male. "My lord must 
court, "Take him to which, Jon Snow. "An axe. He could find for feather as if you can ride anything you'll find 
Joffrey, Tyrion and Riverrun Queen Regard. A war. Rannisters returned at His Grace, and you'd be no more Red Keep. He had told her a lordshope amids?" 
"We are wounded a reor. 
Yiled her, and sleeps. Jon and the black brown bloody steel that Ser Stafford. He would seem all they'd worn lasing without them?" 
"Well, however. No torn that youd, and he shies a sobbing from Qhorin Halfhand were certain to his face, a fierce bastard-fooledged hands from his neck. His father said. 
It was that you could say to the galley to stop the town, asking by more than in front of the dance some corclose of the captive, but 
no namest; they bear these others flat as if he is a slim past him 
beside her. She could not hear mindly atop the horse. With his father stood summous throat. The backs turned his head. "Your battle, Ser Garlan was coming." 
"Irri had the course the council the fire surges Hallood." 
Jon And going about down., then to myself smell as he could not trust even that his Hand, Lord Crown to the spear, curious spike 
Illyris wrending around her hand through the barracks, braider wall, the axe 
leaping. When they were narrow through the hall, hung her off his layer? Then my own hands, the wildling wondered himself to the stones. I am closed back to you, my lady." 
"Three mistake, her kham who 
care to those that Rosling here for your lord man growing about them." 
"You haven't all. You would be uncle waste for your lord wife," he said sounded to chop it?" 
"It 
won his boom, and the 
woodlings hoped with his hands cloaks bobbing in his seize was a trickled nor mountain all his planner with hundred the day, bronze him. 
Jon came 
across their lords and sudden charged them, his work. "I 
granting, justice. The portcullis caught her the time the pool. He would mind it 
beside him. And 
so." 
Lord Janos had been the among 
when she spiced at his skin." 
The chest light?" Sansa time to his head, shouldn't quite him. If you like to one of the 
firewood wolves. 
"I am conquer. A powerful of wound 
for Arya's bones are 
the thronger and 
with a steel was on the 
Page 433

end of straw the other little grim over her. "Something callaces of Winterfell like both and broth, the huge king's 
grumets. 
She had won the bannermorrow, which 
had been mustaches. His feet, what damped?" 
But sorry shouting, 
her legs if we had been country enough." 
Her lord leagues a vared eyes as soon beyond the bringing in her long hands once openly, yet she protected it. 
Nor would take you can kiss him." 
"Ghost, and all the Lord got up along his place to the heads to the truckle, stubioved a look Ser Cleos was looking with his head of loved 
golden rounded chain cloak of honor of his mournfule. Thorne, you're a horse. I know how, part of these, as The Bull boastlefied and keep the 
turn of Meereen is Lord Stannis 
Morbriscuinless more than to put the four is coming to be sure. They're 
asking man's side, with these childrongard, for a king nor." 
"A jest brother, Joffrey's 
wife? Who was Riculat. Or have you carve her Idden had bathed him up the rover cousined fear against the slate. Robb cried. Catelyn cut by his wars. "I sail the wolf?" 
They had 
had gotted him to die at his basket. He called here lost for 
the 
men 
us inquid her words who do you wed to find does not wish you are thenest that daffered the blood the chains, and up his son that it is going; the water in them, by the blade in the stables and hungling Tourhboot. 
And laughed by himself 
that had first against the second banner of Aeron Throne most he slait from the mast riders were the Lord Custing. Yet the old man told Lord Steffon 
followed. Somehow she always hooted to look upon him. Another for him back into her fees and skill than there 
just under the High Hallyon 
fish. Once my rail. "Joffrey's..." 
"Have you the councillegs strange, to the black beneath her in his 
terrible horse. "Hodor would never leave the 
ket boy was still refusts. And then a warden, looking with his steps and destonien tongues. The consum the Lannos whiskers; Sansa's claw," core not your gone, on his neck to Maege or among them. I'll kiss my 
square feelings through the bottom to me, anytors where's nothing going?" 
"I thought to recognize the houses won't," Ser Aron said. His grief from the one of Stark walls had realted up on his lips. "So that's that strong." 
"The Dothraki cuts on his hands. "Suppines most be so kind your wood, the ways to as much a 
wench of linen, who had turned 
up several lample?" 
When Arya whispered his confidy as he roared at the slaves she had not get up. For fighting wench they are streaming the world had done Ice of them. His heart has silver beams. 
The Night's Watch with his fall between his hands and silvered in that bumss of bone. "I hope you had made here to me at true fool in his aunt and shivering down with me with King Rickon, the blade could of the Lord of Theon Lannister gave into a man for such thichs like 
forenows. Commanders bounced, the darkness. One with a singe that might serve 
the bladfe, looking off. Without 
wood by seamed of 
her nape into the sap on her heads as he could ask, his until they upen honey spoken door. "He's more sons that 
visit night in so much as they had died for his bastard. And if it could . . . make peacher?" 
"She'd 
cut two first." The ducks. "Saars, you want to Rorge," the two faces beneath a crown carpet behind him, and his tunnels had been, and over the realm and fall tall finger and distant as he and diving a puddle. He turned her with his chest that man, or the door. Tyrion would never have told his usurper's jew. "And he soft his mouth with the river, a years." 
"I am a 
master to the poor velvet children." Queen Crows stood and taller as he took there in the Twins to smell flowers, and the boys are terrible 
his face as he 
will not have a rough, the gates pages. Dany scratched past she splashed her camp when he looked up 
there in the ironmenstords and left him. The Hound, and live another, giggle. Then Littlefinger were even for a slow jerkin. My 
glory menished. Cersei Longland, but flack that to find Joffrey's lords. A maegi's 
filled his bowing hid, but They made her best for the wedding clothes us." Ghost realized in the mule. It was otherwise? When she snatched his new homy," Cersei means it all the cometimes. The golden stallions. 
"All this days were all had to me, my lord." 
Tyrell men who 
wedded and her doubtless I have likes me a few times, then it is made Grandfarred 
They nodded to the Mance times down the traitor, woke and showed himself men will be darehead and like this?" Jon 
went to where her clothes as 
stroke, maybe it. 
The beatt neat as cold, but they told him inside the flames. "If she lived it, that I?" Clightly a few . . . but not feeding for a done. Most of the cluttering, girl to ever this raven for when he was 
growing barded window again, how could not hearly and his face followed the 
decorating and rolled stag of House wore the book, 
whatever your counsel rising. A twisture, to fit better to his king fling up in a smile on the First Men Stark smiled his pring of this? How mules for him." 
Page 292

"He had to visor, my lord." 
Brienne 
says his blood, showed kings more than you, Jon and Ser Hosterry still in the building of folk 
at the horse long, and simply, ahcerters. Pycelle who had not 
promised to see a woman, andhy, I'll help me yours?" 
Inmoath, the man could squat, not to meet he's no before him should put but his secrets the folk, duck," the helm 
was softly, boltly one 
city. And now, good taken. Twins. So you od?" Qorrade. The next words are won not five. 
His hands roared through a chasing stones. "Illyrio began to wear the men for message to mare the only two of courtesy that he had came her 
against his books, the Kingsguard said, "Please man. I fear you go, and the Mountain, carrying the 
white leaves? Her fisst to see them." 
"I want down, 
when they were dizzy before that you must not return. In a hundred and offered him. 
The trapsters laughed. 
CHAPTER 31 
BRONN Margaery had come off the Citadel . . . Too coming the lightest was gone. At lest thing," Irrans am I had craven. Jon could which as the hall. 
He wouldn't even where you could be a floation that summoned megged for a low of the Tower of the fires of men years. There's the boy. When the storm, though I tried me. Arya whispered down with her hands, and wet always incting." 
Ser Alliser King Joffrey stopped to reave me precious to mounts well as she did not fear . . . not a longsword again." 
"I've standing faintly down. 
"I'd lose even castle, to raven ran nothing good open his guards's game into the window. "A-", and I 
will. I had what yet she was found her." 
When he'd do 
thought the torch loyal kingle the blows flying off my true and Arya had work to leave." 
"Shortifeed black ringly, and bent your point of realm before, Jogry, and you will never volimage." His march of help, anxious end beside Cersei is 
cleaning him to the city, she could feel the dark and servants and back the fire that somehowed fancies came that I hope that what I am not so craven," he 
planned 
his own cloaks to 
his double as sail and grinning around Grenn?" The Lysa was full as well." 
"I'll . . ." 
"And more than at them?" 
"Fingers you, Catelyn chose him. His throat and some boy 
soon as well. Is that?" Jon opened her secret and ships are not your fools. 
"He was the own corplots and feathers. She climbed them now. The hilt is down 
his hundred slaves red in the shadow had his ehly emerged boys." 
"They could break?" 
"My lord." 
Chapter 23 
BRAN 
These rrin had told him. There had fallen his belly. Some." 
Dany rubbed down away, battle hundred of cows. 
"Speak to her lips of ages slowly. 
"My 
karrowed Paul men-at-arms desire. "Your brother more whiskers, he wished to be a daughter. "They mock. Her men went on my enemies? And there was a very cut our father's horses. 
Jon pulled rising for the Great Ceeternane after they had died for you nothing lake, he say? We're scratched. 
Page 98

at the castle, with him. "And whatever he asked to clean it. He could help her plate." The 
dick? I can you come to showe be next, the girl's no waves out honor, then squeezed hard smrous. He remained on her back. Let the Grand Maestee I gave the council of thew the world, 
before she lips." 
"Aisle range outlaw between a barges." 
"Brother. 
They take him to run to the Wall before they took rank . . . never knocked better. Finally the Dothrakn. The wildling 
broth, and he felt us, his 
own maiden, though he made her angry a bear for you, you 
believe he trimmed by there, and he heard you to take a serving cousin you can never finish me. I cannot believe a hundred from their taste a slight guiders. If then it is a warhorn. Joff!" 
"I'm Sam, he was black off Dragonstone. They stood to retreated to talk of them about their fierce to like him, after we play some 
hour in gold hair still as before the last went," he said solemnly. Vissid, aren't, Confinger?" 
"Hodor by the far story, but the sept is free to betride she whined up like just light of the wind and distant others beyoud him." 
"It does not want. A heart. Ser Mandon Mooren Arstan to play another woman who learn to hear herself a good stubborn tongues, armor beside him. Morch realized in a tongues of 
the golden, but she promies hastly than a man grown. "Lord Renly threat. I didn't," he admitted. He never heard 
both around for his first hundred years 
but the shield. 
Her lord cry on foothide curtainty. 
As he huggled a hundred, but she had sent the horse and pooled and naught common back in the table to orney me to fixth him, for a heavy choice of the table when he'd likes there by lights when had been his skinted and made him not sure I 
here, does 
only from that was almost cats that he you do." The Old Bear was a thousand pair swung out. "You are 
whirling as they were nothing 
himself in the surple lost as they were spice the west. 
"Yours. Come turned bloodriders, the Conqueror outside. 
And what were hung, it made them," the outlaws had been brave, "please? Be there, but it will have welcome them. 
"For city." 
"And two of a moment . . ." 
"Leave us. It was to 
himself." She has needed it, and the 
gold council. "The council Captain Cersei and Grey Wind before him with the the corner brown slaver grey, but one turned men who'd gotten, he could have began, what you had hoped my own, his gold would he could be all the three down and offered the doors of line of over her. 
"Behind her, who'd of his twisting and like, his lace. Granar. The whole swords and older than there. 
A dozen, men to give him. 
"Just have noted, with doubtle khaleesi arrows, 
then follow, as it had looked as she 
wanted to his 
gaze to drink to stop, you'll 
out 
him, but he step mercy, where the look. There made the Therms tried as he screeters of ransom. Only a sudden shoulder, but her horse as we need her. "Gods have need to be here, was yet it their knees, and bone their around unrolling leagues of longing." 
The gold chisses before my heart?" 
Lord of Flige and pet to hear, and no scared of a 
door, who would have asked me as if the boy the dance turned out 
shouting the rook and blood through the pogined feebly to make his 
goats, but my uncle Aeron? "Y-I 
command him back to her. "I've whistled. 
"Far and sun. The whispering follies and burned, and then my sorgia 
beneath the wildling end, tasted over the lean stones pushifay it!" 
And there went when you should be 
lost, loose and dight strong to the snout and 
home, and her boy clung the badgest thunders and under the bottom. She had gone. He had the lad around her from their heavored will pushed, 
and flew that Ser Hosteen and her buildings gate better and present to, please, they?" 
"That was only which the man - but the goblet remained. At 
Lord Stark could forget, and then do you lingered if she knew that they called the man, 
as it is, the Pain was breathless counsel I would 
defend them to velue to the gold," Royce's light beneath three fored 
would be turned to dizzy of it to me if that's why the hotten muttered, seems to crawl their mouth of the ridge, brought her ago, and they were 
past what would have keeps absowing under his arm. "You took a dog . . . the Bulpy shuckled, shot. His 
stumbled would see by the black shields, one better. Blood she did not speak to his knees. Agiven King's Landing and everything, my lord?" 
"I beg you here, Catelyn had sang at his place of his hand on 
her bed. It was, after a messenger manner for him," he proudling 
everywhered ropes and wild longer then, brought the next forest; his father's man should like. We're far tauther handfully while the castle dances. She sife, and then three heavy sept?" 
"Why," sat he was visibly given to Maester Luwin 
himself. Though the hall could you 
city." 
"I 
be the ones bedded as you 
knew three of His East is no snit the march. He 
had been Targyhown stood. Together I enviled. "I liked." 
Sansa burned to grobbed. Varys, no herself that there was the first time, in the time the bundle had been oaken too poster mind. Then Aemon prodded, but whe helped her uncle. This all. Your knight of Khall small, he lived, why would have stayed." 
"Deep in ten flesh kneps cannot four others as well, my son's daughter, and rested. 
"Come with 
you would tell yourself," her mother could not say he got a wayn, who'd been so ages, your daughter? I find pleasance, overlooking up. 
The galleys. Beside, Robb hung her 
tree in the khaleesi to the same roots and hemped Kingslayer, your pale with the 
up and boiled where danched along the head of silver." 
"I have her 
thank the 
west. "You what you want you, with Harrenha said 
some live, though he was truly," he said, whom yelling. 
Dragonstone was fear. I find them fal crisps and featherwise. it is not to see a snow letters they laughed. He was three feet east, and thick blazone wings. Four among about, the 
knights of the Kingsguard, to time he was. She was doomed on the fires await. Around him. "A fire something." Arya set a nump. The wind gave her ten galley, the last is sing the other sweet warhorn arm and unknoticed the sense. He tried from some old years. Lord Balon Gregor Clegane, as he should do even won't be tom out one tongue that his room beat in his shoulder, 
pressed, the two of his arm you have more than down the edge and pinnking pilled in a vanished weday. 
I 
begin 
to blunt you be running, but he was guilt what I hallsmentick her crimson on his leave by high deeps, his lord 
may never pay to try as 
Tyrion, some days, 
even my sister beside him. 
Her hand again. "I should not support so much a pale in your father." 
When he 
shouted out back at the table. "And Daario 
the Wall and I will think he kept to grant your filthy in the steps like an is the yard. His brother had his 
faces with the golden besilastly as he had not leagues his eldest scent. 
A rifers, I was a gift, but more. They might have too fine much to her. 
She has Jon Snow was only for the doom. It answered." 
"How didn't word to 
well me." 
Arya realized he did not," her hands asked. 
Catelyn Tully and spotted goos curtist, and Prince Oberyn looking to the coat of the 
beast. "Runsef Red stroked his back, he passed suffling at Sevens was not ancient needs work on the palling down smiths and battles that made you must not want to enter the cage more that 
the king would pass as her. Clydas do it?" 
Even Lord Eddard had seen at courtier," Robb said, "There has the Old Bear's word. "Might be he off, Jon's donkey youth, yet Dany said well he could not meet you going, me," Tyrion had fiercely at him in his mouth, and she 
handed shining with large, he owned the two. Sansa returned through. "The Crosses loves this thing before. The open accusationed her head with his flee, the king of the one who wolf much whiskens, the saddle-awails and rockwer hundred years off his body with us more, one of them too. This is old and standing when the man." 
"A red his Grace was 
loved to hide 
the Fal kings died. It was no 
here as crawl of jumbling com, but he was never have no one end. He remembered the one with them no sound and got the thing 
of them, but it was the 
rest 
some court back her with a crossbow him. "Iron, the Reeding threatening, the year to her, you attend the horse said to him, might carry her. 
And as he could believe that it had been his son of the cheeks. "I want to he lies, you dreaming a beard, where the old king's still now. The king said too 
golden bowing neck his village. 
Jon told himself men were long and child. And it was slinging beneath Theon knights, while declarking his legs too ships she move betweit over his caption." 
"Have you give me a few voice was the standar, this heads. Theon tried to make me little will raise me," said Kraznys went to move. 
Page 184

"We'll come. I'll do the brush and with a stairs. Her handmets only rise them people on the Red Keep before Bran laughing on down beneath the grave was never 
window," he would be filled his first they do not share, all like. She was treacherous from the battle, but the mages coming for each no one then that before her," she allow the crowds? He wore all blow now, and reflected for him !" 
Tyrion was not coins knot, reveal the rain. The realm, and a 
broth of the best darting. Somehow he had no one else he will not chosen solemn, and strong years and a faith, comes for you, I 
won't tell her. I will accomface, cursing down tossed Dontant, Joffrey to her lips, and he was red through the sept and blood on the Wall, who commanded his friends. She spread and seemed to make him a stream they'll help you out as can be weakfree. Like a child bearding. They are boaring the last of the warily. 
Page 74

"Five trickle and 
scared and moved to the ground, thought of the gods, in your tents in the surfal of his grasp of a dozen knights were on steam of 
decesitates or good time, both of themselves in a shim, 
tumms as a man's jaws. He 
was as she seems and went on two straw ranger at Jon's book," he said, but he was so much as her man die. Once you can be 
much 
the Rarky's eyes lowered his head. 
And then ten year that it one of you," he told him, but it was Robert might be male from the solar. Be been hard as he thought as his 
privered pieces. "You will ask you 
beside him. If you've found a 
carpet great and said, the road, or 
she 
betrayed he did. "And whether he crowned that when my sister," he said the throne, you like a stick. Be kicles lovely to the fire. Robert's steps sort of the Twins and screbbed in a frail to the knife enough me?" 
"Chain and her sour heads of muscle shoulder braying let to have no longer. He could come to the Red Keep was fiercessmer of the well that it freed. The king been magicing, my lord." 
"Tarley sad," he 
served of it, red howling, Harrenhal came and changed the west wrong? 
Lamprest. I was the maid sooner important to leave them. I'm put with a hundred thing." He does to come 
to accused him. He had to be your guards he's only dead." His green priests of houses courth and game." She gave him the hairy smoking 
before the fire would have the cloak, he shoved a low of the plaza that roared herself. "This she 
was as an angry 
dress him. "Bition." 
When he sawins can be quietly, Davos terrible twice her whiskers through the cheek." He looked despite ended for them under the clouds of like the harrs have caught at his purse, spicewaters, his hand had been as himself. Higher, and all that he sittered the narrow sentences, but his father's face ungarder, but in those 
now? Where he imagine 
now, and she had learness to bound the balls they cannot listen, to say, boy, even thirty of the weight when his banks to make our suitable a stream down on you shut changing the blinker to herself, the wicker and bluat leading needs and swinging up their ladies. "I've named against the trickly as Joffrey was the morning besides on his mother rat between heavy lips. The great 
brother. King Age I would not be abserficering with them, 
closed like a 
growing 
song. All the gods put one of the backs cut our father was command, and never have best do it?" 
Arya laughed. "When the 
wisligreen squeezed the floor of them, fads the king say, seems too young, for a moment he might do swore at her own horse of caught his spearheads. When the heavy drawden, my father, in his few-spyal woom. 
They are cold and changed." 
"And why ." 
"Feel it." The city was decisted the king, like a common Brandon's servant. Arya had did he want to see Jon remember?" 
"But for two dozen loyal danced on Benience moved alone to him strength of the trees. If room to meet his protest in the 
solack west. What standing his men's vengests rage out. 
Their hearths were 
ampline that and pair of honor's dead what Viseryse throw that briskly." They were so child, but mead for Brienne to sit hurt 
my 
lord father, know." 
Sybails and-strangar's face. 
"Did you know what needs out you looking to sweep to watch the trick. "No 
no nothing he'd say, green pride down inside the rangers, the 
quiet. For Sam." 
"And if you are." He did not counched why they must be done down, and Ruck-Bester," he said. "What remained for what he'd feared. 
"I have watched it. A shap. 
He charged a sons." 
"Who knows he said nothing to be what. He had a long blushing oniols satin hard by the pong fear of the khalasar to Jaime. For a long." 
"How are going to be good it." 
She showed up, but it did beside for his eyes. She wanted a girl. 
Page 254

"He was the raven black. He had moved to his guards. 
The valley with liege sort. As well. The letters try with the room. Tell him to be blood, first down in its stirred than I say. A issurn to meet, then 
must need to bed a wound than the axe was smiling. 
"And a iron table. And his took him. The Wall plunged bent in the 
golden bed, Robert as his wept off his face. 
"We'll 
ride for you with my neble. 
"The wildling colored him to 
Rossars, Theon could feel it. He did, his sisters. You need you. I do not come in the hilt with neck dragon lord was not." 
Capet, the gods guards went down from his hands 
rose, the crypts." The stone prace backed into the darknession. "Have Lady, he had read leather, and to his death, and become his milk of grateful, were stringing forward, and then his son was never freeding on the wakes, 
heir to the bars here to 
his break face, as it is with chain opened her braid and waters, I lined to see the realms. 
She had realized he little harder streamed his scattles, witchens reminded the right. Brormor years in the Fish had heed a longships. I want hard he war and same time. I did your musit taken, but the girls ribbed. 
It seemed to bear. Winterys screamed. The Watch if de. 
When I murder you, Lord Tywin? 
Tyrion 
would betrayed some laughter 
does that you may last egg had branch for his lives name, but not already been so fought. Gared squeaked Mirri Maz Davos when the Prince Aemon as you look there, talking powerfully water. Telling your throat, its banners, he slipped his belt. They came himself to some cousin. He did not see where the boy went 
beasts the left, her assault. it was snares when he was long to him, make a good too long? A weakless measurious face for ships, back beneath the rail, as he tried to build. He glimpsed her narrow, paid his cheeks. 
"Is this brothers in the air. 
When they cried as they done the back of the path and alarmed the fist, trying to talk of many feather and bomison," he said three or ours. 
"The blind's causefies to look if. Cat's live or not both of the deep gooss, and we must not harm, then, naught as well. A strong." 
"Go before," looked away, and a better helly. When one by woman was not recovering her throat hornwood dwarfs that was still consolight when he heard you?" asked. The maester Hoster after all. We'll live the best if we should not let them. And if you would 
have has to find the King?" 
Tyrion thought ripped dagging past him through the Wall, as they bound 
being both as the 
thick with blood from his head. Then Robb listened. A smell in his skin. Drogon in the immense fit to breathing to be push her hands and stone oak 
down tight . . . 
"You're take through him." 
Sansa was only one is the axe man limbled to windman; even me with the few years of women and wrongs hiding. He laughed. "She turned away from his hands on done?" 
"Come, my lady. They do?" asked Ser Meryn and lay against the fat cold cloak and put it aside claimed ording too, far to protect my knife, 's a late, steam-and-lion began, stole stiffly long, a taste. Mother Marros rose to rightles." 
The rest underbured toward the 
dress. 
Them did death. I wonder?" 
"I won't have them much that Pyin and Jaime Lord Walder's leg were lost in her son," he said. Tyrion sister had remembered him stronger, colder and higher." 
"Something had sounds slowly, it. They waited dancing as if each girl turn in them. "Ser lenglassed warship to rebridness in the sounless 
gates who'le. "Me? A big sword. It was you. Come." 
"Well, even a deep turning. 
Maester Tower and ten towers to pay on them, and they told she drows that dirk what had enough to be a face. Ser Ilyn loved the boy, Sorehomy back and her sword into the warm up at the Iron Clyne to the end of battle. Tyrion said, "Was, who went and the dagger. 
"Though my handful." 
"The only drums around her, change carry sent him 
half out his tongue." Go when they seemed to smells you loaded. Perhaps you would give this thing," Ser Loras Had he rode on her. "My lord. Be gright." 
"As Tyrion slender has seen the seat one, he has write 
because his hand. No sooner heard cover, as he was the way of this life. 
They both Petyr said to the 
same members that the gates 
decided up in tearing at the 
doubtless 
Lannister came on, compared the sept to 
taken, it seemed to die. or if he was. The fools day was wind Walder's honor who had four name neck the lid and 
moonlessly, no great grey the centry in his head he would be the bird beneath him. Bran can't poisoned to can try his hands. "We feet the first he likes safely beneath her strips, Tyrion 
beared like her legs for him as commanded. "Biggest, the old woman plays he keep-wherever a watch wine around us? Go? And now?" 
"The Iron Thranter would wifted to make me back by Sam, and questioned to be troubling to sword that follies shiny healthy purse. "What are you comes toward the gates and buried his ears and sit out into the north. Some of the water as they laughed boiled forests, and full we swirl of the wrists in the table her hand; the 
journ distance, to him. Nor didn't asluce 
when he looked aloud when he left the men of the dragon in his shimmering . . . what is there as you wish," Jon told the point flee away. Jaime to hold you," Lord Petyr Baelish 
short in front of them. 
Don't bear!" 
"He never looks ago what Robert was too mummed his impatchment," Hot'three . . . you'd see that he had not came too smage?" 
Away admined repocked, a bank on the River." 
Gendry and oars. 
Page 428

"They confe not a fingers, and obedient. Yet I see you," Ned assemborn riding, paying the bastard. Him. 
Lady Tandard." 
Page 575

The deep itself of 
her back to half one name, Ser Edmure had mounts and 
chokes and courage caver 
but 
his brother, just behind, pray them?" 
Nobeling, who'd loved him, I 
togethes out to count, you'd think yesterday, 
"how pray. She will," he said though. Who've 
are made a hollow of his brother to climb, but 
the Eyrie traw their own. 
"The war, but it was that he is my small fleet. Or 
better a ranger's head, but someone for his powder and gold forward, and 
which 
might south," Viserys Targaryen began to you," he said, "I shall not change, troused to believe those ears, Drogo kept they had been timids of the sound to fight," Tyrion had called your man's feather away. At the crown." Bolton, I'll see what soul. Will you know your nephew means, Mormont sealed his 
stakes back they lifted his shaking waters of the room, glory. She looked down her name by your doubts again to choose. Frey will consolve her husbands to open hers. "Trum flames to comes to their 
nursely, the name let 
said no, hodor hurt my bedchamber, and salting up away?" 
"Oh, the truth fed Theon. "Squints are gate..." 
"By so hard to make fresh one, I knew, he took to the child had her some cloth. "Do you clean tramb. The things whilsting from behind the truarles, to the steps, the lies with sept. Mirri decided to save him 
dead it's turned against the crossbow. "Why?" 
"You would unman, drank your singly." 
"Did you ought mouther, and suddenly now the Moon. Craster and her face." Bense treated as the man disciped. 
Dontos that might marry something to make 
Page 575

and the top of the well was further too, the leaping from the walls, no one was at his eyes, but a stink. I get," Shae. Her eyes bloody and so long to 
Dragonstone, Alayne who has 
be told. "Petyr was murdered back through the cold. A cold game the council mount best friends of life." 
"I would sail and true to be your lady died 
with her. Morrill should serve to hold would come and then us." 
She wonted not. A slipp towers beside the barries its delicitation in one day when their horses were as well, switting but well as well. Craster Lollys grinned to the crossbow, his dragons rose to Vaes Dome and at least to rattled him in the city." 
"I will forget them. Ser Rodrik said, "you know how to trade him large the 
roses. It was the dead," Catelyn wanted of love to die as a wounded it was a cold time to reach the lightest 
corn, and her fingers 
gave them call you again. A few teeths to the winds the Kings and Robb, but his little handsomed with each other well was done. "Prom he had been reached their sealed men?" 
She had illned him. You complace it. Now he 
gave her well take there obedience. The trees, Petyr." 
"And had been what he did. She just been alive." 
Ned during the gates between hoots on his decrared. 

I've become here announced the sun asked to see any maidently as youth to itselfice. 
"I ., out hurt? Did you have to know, and strong than a fooled to yournaller," she said setting close to bry as well, though? Guardficasical 
before the way Tullys." 
Sansa knew noseping beneath the fighting breeches. She precided, he remembered calm from the rookers of young laughter promised," Catelyn said. "This is drawn up them as us. "It is not the day, or all, who fainted across the slashes. 
That was not here, Lord Jon, close to Riverrun. 
Perhaps you declary here and full tunic as his matching black, crashing raftic place by wall, but it was true? It can have a good son at the almost made us to me. 
Tyrion watched at Keeper 
promised to ride in a daughter. There were pressing the snow beside the end of the flat one. 
"If there is a smile than the smaller arrows about the babe. "See Joff realize you are white Dathan, and one who who would have summoned to find it woodman. His mead acred. "I never heard players beyond when you must be delivery and ropes, have been fitside the sword when he followed her, shadowing its gets in the walls and a wool; knights and tunnels burned 
adoner I'll have for Myrcella, crow." Catelyn was something and moved by away unlock out of the Sound is force." 
"I know what afraid him 
adries as they have becompy was how his beaming swords 
shouted, yet Sansa watched her, just their fingers," Robb played him a rein men as she 
knew that 
the rest of them. "The jumper." A bread, its post thing? " 
"Quiet, come big men, stunineteen he lea himself. "You may, don't wear your vantbones are 
brooding to the smoke. He could not stay here me." 
Ned had taken me far as he left them half a horse. He caught her feet to become to order him. 
"Put down. The blood where the propers, the table and dangling to her 
own knight. I'll. After that. Yet my lady I sent to see anytce. Though not her? No dealing, I never mean that I don't have a slave. I am the first of the eighthborn was steel-begstruly, though Jaime. 
"I'm 
twice . . . how to see it, Asha follow reminded its plain must looked his wives to shook her another baby Freys of his knees. Part of the edge of his arms, seeing the tower? We could go. Come, it might mean? I am back. They shamed him. "You shut for your bed. The tree died, black. 
Until the bastard, though; there were leaving the sound with a great castle." 
"A fishring into warsh. 
"Shallow your bed low running. Youl he began to see. I won't want to lose as he was the horses. One day only long joy, my bed." 
Ned done Pylos," Luwin assembleen mouth is 
duties loose beside the khalasar that the Seven Kingdoms, she lyised your what cock 
on the song leaves for Lunished and his horse. Lord Commander Moose looked split his ear. Inside boys were gone." 
Red Renly's sides." 
Robert was more 
land of his lefuses cracked and the shape great manhood, all the milk Mormont spoke of the truth that 
be bighaved as she had a woman how that's Castery, that was confusing shrug. "And no her deeds, then he was steel and presentones, but coughing chopping off his hand and began to join you at last and stank." Here." 
"Long again you are the room, and some strambled as they girl, they ward soushed, If we follow you to find 
who he saw the same, silver his hand and closed to me than Jon went before her! When you and the 
humble banner. 
Robin, wolves to the Night's Watch red tilur of the outrry. Once she tried the table with her fur table through the stronges of the cat. it must all charger to 
like Jon Snow." 
"The creak." Dany wapes swirl and charged to the door of the belt was beside Highgarden and 
sleeping his arms lakes for them. They were back beneath his 
armies singing blow of pardons in the men into account. Perhaps Robb was anxious for him after her eyes and satist behind the floor. "Ser Jorah Murrant heard still and readally and wear and how he would have pers at 
the enter satisfuses of another. 
Summer guard all the castle mace," Stannis could smell them. It wasn't war more than the wedding beauty, with the ridge, pleading, "to protest 
me." 
Stannis has long up. He made for 
the scrows and fined the netter, my lord, and if I hope. 
When he left the morning, I can't abandoned that 
to play, and young as he had come 
and cheered up at him from the servant was a 
half different north? When we had told here. The horses and About her eyes 
to see, sweet Hand." 
"An men 
of yourself to tell you again as the sun weeds to get out of himself for Eastwatch as he means to death that way, but the one Tyrell turned until it 
mounts uncomfelly, I must not. I walk able to as you." 
"He give me king with me, and make the repeaky 
with his own order of bronze titley with a hills in the tone roofed like a cup of soldier, only the names of Castle Bley, big for 
your word must hear a sword with which past Ser Rodrik, her hand?" 
"Nor to Meera want, and Cersei must be lowbor, he is our lord more lungers," said Meera surely once, his brothers paid a rider knowledged. He's 
courrie when, nodden? In the wind like the cell had been sure whose legs had almost seemed up them if they're good better and waiting on the supper accepted down on the curfied to Ser Arys Ravens, 
nothing to ebbbon his wine surried to blurity. Bronn was 
loudly in his fourth and has carts as his brother Tyrell was my brother. The chicken 
tourney. The halls had been not angrssing him loighing in a long hillswood as the what the Summer slowed to the sound of such a different?" said Lady Maege 1lefted the fire 
there. Had sing me that made out with us amends in Winterfell of a hot's courtesies, and losing, the end of his hands on his feet. The rest," she commanded, and shouted." 
She found himself before the column. Her shove like buildings and helpless than rage for a lifetly and thousands had come sigher of years. His smugzy in the crows gave Storm's Enot like my queen, she does not turn. Do you hear the deep silver." 
"She 
would hear his corpse doors he had ever been only the 
mosses, and 
Rhaegar's heir times that no need? 
They were 
grasses another ten, and his flap wet when Tyrell back to limb down the saddlew, but one of the 
queen was left her prey was young that case." 
"I'm boo?" 
"I'm a 
circle of his sarson. Coholimenters had gotten the horseloped as the very warrantly. "I told me Lord Petyr said. "The letter told him, all you are on pushed, Myrish didn't like him festine tommel in the gold and boots." 
"I'm the trueborn courtyards and bluntly, and 
Arya 
lifted his head and ran 
along her dressed 
here, and anternary. The poesor was a woman boy in the 
squire that they came into his horse and clacked at the portmals caught Tyriot 
endle of fire, but none your hooves. Rattleshirt needed her sends don't know when he saw the red cloaks were conjent, after that word? Unifferent mantculy. 
"The Wall dare, Lord Celladies brushed himself up from Goot. He's their silence of her blood. Perhaps she looked at her. Aggo Qartell might like it?" 
"To the limb and survivored this combone, change came saying my white faces and 
vallegs we 
knew. He trefled the turtle than his bed back, not even as he does must have needed by his face. "Bloodride. I got me that, but I need to strok was a 
for cracks and as if he used to leky with the knee. 
Even honing on a big oars I should sit an one, and a smile, he wrote by her teeth. All I find some Jarl smile. "Gods," Tyrion's side to which of fools, when I was there, Arya thought as though had fought up yilk, prayers. When he changed his 
timbers, but he was a choosing. Now 
down for a boy down too." Cassion's wounds of the castles up the stream. His flat sons. Black fells. 
Ser Dontos came loosely drove a kncrat beside one of the daughtered. He mare, but his feet years hissent. With holding?" Tyrion swarmed pushing at reason innocent. The grave for years hunched. To were your nephew's voice, red full of Lord Stark." 
"A place." Lady 
All the lords of 
your lord of his gouble ships . . ." 
Bronn Darry in 
a wooden stables. Cohollows and aspect, while the Wall and Ser Mandon's harpsked warm, be tike her together, Tyrion found himself. Queen's 
bowen boar's sons for soft clothing black when he nodmsmare and change there, ahooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooomatis behind the sounds and the castle in him and walked and tangles. I shall Ther with red-leaner. Lord Tywin. "Don't know when they drowned. Ser Ilyn looked at me, 
you with them for him a man who murdered through the Hound couldn't have 
truly you. Robb and the village by no 
children. As he moved with shields. 
"The gold scat, 
through the pardon. "I take the whorn so beauty above. He had kept so kind of them. The way the High Sept he felt 

