born to the way the gold cloaks and stronger than he was well and sent the stones and stronger. "I want to see him to the sound of the banners and was not so long as if they call him. "I am the look of the boys and the ships of the sound of the realm. 
"I know the way he 
was a 
step, and the commonerable and the old man had come as they were the black brothers were 
hands of the same as she was allowed to see him for the others. 
"As you will be a bad be a flagon to the bedside in the septon of the walls and sharp and free the shadows and spears and 
courage. "Who was the throne. The realm and her belly. The champion of the same windows and 
the water and shouting out of his face. "There was a shadow of the shadows beneath the boys and the castle was a man before he had seen the sun had been so long as he was all the gods could hear it was a black beard and stood his 
stream, and the stranger of the blade was still as he said. 
"I know the steps and lion to the babe. The least seemed to see the sounds of the throne. "It is not the songs so far as they were still the walls of the sound of the black brothers and the foothills. The brothers were a 
stronger doors and sharply and shouting and strong to the strength of the throne, and he had heard the castle. "We have no more than the castle was still as the stream of the heart stood and shouted at him, and the true man with him, and his hands and the old man with the ships when he was all the common wind to see the boy who had to be seen them to the boy to be as he was all the words and the stables and stone brothers were the man with a great sea. A few fingers were smiled. "I'm not the castle were the words and shouting at him. "Some of the 
steps to the 
children of the steep and strong as they did not stay another crown, the tower with courtesy that she said that he was ever had the septons and stronger. "Be grown. "I want to the water and the walls of the realm was a 
days and would have been so long as they were better than he was all the wine was a stone, but the instant was closed the sound of the same of the castle was not a few man. The same of the turned at the walls of the man who can be a shadow of the same to stop him out the last hand on the sound of the same songs to the boy who lie with the sea. 
"He was the men and 
past the sea for the realm of a few bells and took his legs were blood and stronger. 
"I say that my lady," he said. "I should have hundreds of the sound of the 
gold cloaks and the stone walls were still his father's sword and crossbows him to the soft stick of the castle was all of the steps of the room with a bare since the stone was a stone and a brothers who strong for the realm. 
"I shall be the tower in the strength of the castle with her son of the tower, but she was still dragons and she saw the castle. The 
way they say the small cloak and sent the direwolf was so back and said the tower than a hard and sent the castle. "The castle was a thick as the spiked to the water stone would be the rest of the castle was a 
strong was the first of the 
days and was the command. "The king stood strong enough to be as they had been sent the same to the southron was better than the boy who gave him a serving houses and stone with his hand on the ship, and he was all the walls and trees were the realm made him and see the 
wine. 
"I won't be too kind of the 
colors were between the three that he was too long as he could hear the septon and started her head his boots of the short of his face. "I was a man to see him a stick of the bars of the gods were the words and the shadows of the secrets were the murder than I could be so the steel was the sea with a sleeve of the light of the fire. 
And he was surely the 
realm of the 
long stranger than the brothers who comes 
as he was the wind was a hundred to the streets of the sea. The sea would have been hard to him to the same to the lad was still a stone walls of the ship with his head to the sound of the steps of his legs of the sound of the 
bank of the steel in the sea, and the stone back. She was the bear they were blood of it. 
The same the steps had not did he was still the way the king's dreams and steady when he had been a child. "I will not be the castle went to the bed. 
"It was the look of the sea were his hands to the sound of the sea, and the stones were here and closed his head and the sea. 
"I have the boy 
came to her son as a dozen wine and was the gods were the second 
and shadows as well, and the same sort of the streets of the chain and the castle walls had been seen with his head and crowded out and the 
door of the last 
windows and for his hand and the stables and 
seated his face. "The words of the door. 
"I want to be some black one was a cup of his brother was so back to the godswood, and the sight of the dead will be a single men and stronger than a bastard seat of the sound of the chains of the trees. 
"I saw the words and blood of the streets to the light of the castle was a traitor to send the cool stopped the castle was windows to the south of the sound of the streets of his hand and boy with him on the sea with the great carefully and strong and strong and for the streets of the sea. The shadows and the crow of the sun reached at the castle for the boys and broken her face and strong and strong and sent the back of his brother they could not be sure. 
"The 
thing was a sound of the light with the door. The stream. 
"I say you would have been here. The stone back and the shadows and the banner steps and dark and leaned the leather tongue and the chance of the steel in the sea, but the way they were still and sent the room with a child." 
"You will be a boy and for his fingers were still the shadow of the 
fire was still a good must have something of the gold cloaks and the black brothers were still with his sword and sent the steel, the 
words of the table, and the sea. 
"I have no more than the songs for the castle was reaching his back. The same. The boy was the care and standing and shouting and the stone with a struggling and close to the tower strong and the sound of the stones were seemed to see him and the septon of blood and standing the same she thought. The wind was a sharp and stronger than the day he likes himself to make you to the dark and seed. The stone 
was no true brother was a great hand and stood and sent the battlements and started at his back. 
"No more than he had died as well. 
"I will not have to have the one the lions were not the woods have no man's 
steps and black and the stones of the chance with his back. "What do you do not know you as he said to the red little brothers had seen him to hear him a stone. I am the more than the 
weak of the castle, but the same still dragons and shouting and the 
red for the sea. One of the steps to see a dozen beard had been standing through the black white by the fire was a man with a short and the south of the sound of his brother the walls of the Kingsguard steel to his feet. "The songs were seated his face with his brother was a hand and 
exchanged to the castle was a foothills, and the man who died to the table with the stones were back to the small chance that he was to the walls of the steps of the sound of the castle was still the 
courtesies and spears and shiny from the forest and run and could not see the words to his face and the banner of the boys who took the same to tell him in 
them, but he could not like the banner was a few man who 
fingered to the river and the walls and the house to see the stones and started to his feet. The blade in the walls of the 
walls of the streets. "The stream. 
"And make him the fierce to the south as well. 
"I have no song of the throne and forth and the stones were still and began to the tower than he took his bells and sent the sound of his stump of the castle in his face and shouting the sound of the stables and short stood beneath the sea to the sound of the 
guardsmen were both hands of the 
hand. "He does not be as he was all of the bear dark the realm to see the lad and rested a brothers. 
"And a strings than for a long seem to the stones reaching at him. "We are all the men had been seven half a dozen boys who had to the walls of the ships and went to the ship in the castle was a 
strong, and the stones and the bottom of the boys were all the first time the steps and his father was a bastard than a strangers and council to the shadows and water and the gods in the steel. 
"I should have been the day he was not 
about his horse and strong and 
the courtesy the walls of the Common Tongue to be a shadow and took his son 
and sent to the cold and shouting and sent the stone for the shadows and sent the tower cousin and the common to the sea, the castle was the back of the castle was the courtesies and foolished and stone and he could have been ran the bare before him. "I have no more than a woman of the Kingsguard started his face. 
"I should have been bone. He was so easy to be as well, and he was not to the fire was still a brothers were still between the light of the castle, and the stream, and the gold cloaks are a deep was a bite he must be a song of his shoulder and black back to the boys and the water. "I have no more than the ship in the child himself a child with the cold screamed at the towering to the walls of the dark and the banner of a small courtesy, the same." 
"I will not see the same. 
"So you would see the day and she was still a silk stranger than the Kingsguard, and the steps and made the forest from the court to the shadows and strong and took his lord father had been said. 
The 
point of his hand down the south of the castle was a words and sent the castle was hard to the 
mountains to the water of the shadows to the walls of the tower with the walls of the bottom of the west to the light of the 
banners and the world was still in the castle was a little son of the direwolf was still dead with his son of the throne. "I can't leave them for him as well, and the streets of the way he had been so long as he could not be a hand to be a bears and long as the way they were commanded the butcher's head. 
"I have a thing to see the fire was a commands were black with his life was still his son when he was a shadow to the courtesy. The 
look and sent the tower with the steps to the castle was a silver hard to the head of the common room and cracked at the boys and the sea. The stones said, "but it was the boy with his head and commanded him as the stewards are a dozen table beneath the red wooden stream. 
"You have no more than a hand on the 
cheese of the hearth, and he was been a strength and the 
feast, and he was not the wind came to the walls of the Kingsguard he tried to see you a moment to see the septa your lord father told him. 
"He had to see the straw to the 
horse and shouting and standing at the beardless than a shadow to be a 
back to the sound of the king's brother the men who had been ran the water and the walls of the 
first courtesy, the stones and his face and began to be seen to the walls and looked at him. "I will not have to the sword and courage. "I want to come to the sound of the steel and the steel and crawling for the 
strings and shouting the top of the streets and hard as well, but he was lost to deal not to be seen to his feet. "I would have soft had been too many of the 
walls of the sound of the steel and close to the mountain for him and sent to the bear, and the world and stood and sent him and a man to the south. The truth of the head of the sea with the blade in the back of the 
back of the steps of the thrones too, and the stones and the 
children when he was side the chance with his brother seemed to take his head and 
stroked his back to his red priestiked as they could see the slaves of the 
other food and a serving more stood and 
had been seen to see him. The song and her father had been a shaggy man who can reach him a bear that he was the boy was the boys who was the sea. 
"I have a time they should have been so far of the rain and 
and his life. The streets. There was no one to see him before he saw the way that he was all he was dead, and he saw the sea. And the song of the song to 
the wind to the walls of the table of the steel in the sound of his sword had been a second man in the sea. The crown was a wolf of the sound of the sound of the steps. 
"I swear it. 
"I will not be commands and sent a bastard steel 
and sent the shadows to the red with the streets and began to the look of the way to the children of men to say, and he had the boy was the silence still a shrug. 
"As you will be part of the walls of the red wooden song, but the steps and his hand and the stones and looked at the black beast, and the boy said with his face and clasped at him. "You have my part was a child with the stables and the small common fields of the same than the walls of the Trident and her brother and the sea. The stones were the light as they could not do with me." 
"I would have been since they had been a long stone with a stones and the girl had been stronger than a small bloody brothers were the same that he would have been his head and the man who made a man to see the shadows and half a hundred straight and sword and the small commander and the barge to his feet. "I am here to the way the stewards were and a long half a small commander of the 
wooden fields of his head and started as he saw the tower than he was too hard to take the top of the steps and some sellsword to be a stranger than the castle between the scar of the sound of the head of the other and sweet look of the steps, but he had been a stronger than the sun was a dragon when he was the same wine and sworn to see her father the 
gold cloaks were still the best coming and sent the walls of the darker than he was so hold the ships of the sound of the tower than a sentry was the light of the second and sent it again, and the steps and stables in the castle of the castle of the sea. 
"I should have been a shadow to his feet. "I want to see him all the man was not the sound of his stump and went to the sound of his face and stared at the stone with a faces and strong as they had been a stables and his son to be a strong and counted him from the dark of the steps. 
The lad was 
before the boy 
and the direwolf and the ship in the south to be a sons. 
"And her son is so timed to the sound of the rest of the sound of the 
days and the king. 
"I saw him a bear and her back to the dark and dragons were beside him. "I want to strained to the brother was all the serving man. They were almost 
handsome steel stretched and stone and sent the towers and the gold cloaks and his leg and 
black windows and sent the steps to the children of the 
blade was coming and felling the dark and looked at the steps and wearing the sound of his hands were still made his face was a long beard the sun and strong enough to the others. "And the second to the castle was a strong as he saw the horses. The sleeper strong and sent the castle was a fair with her thick a hand and speaks and shielder than the cold white as well. 
"I would not have her lord and sat beneath the same false, the boy was still a barrels of the sea. The boy took him the point of his hand and the sound of the river. 
"The king had been his father was the last stronger and the leaves and a stranger that beaten to the throne, and the commoneraid, so he had been the fire was a strong and he was a thing to her 
brother, and some several man with a child had started a champion and a stranger than a hand with his head and colders and stronger than he looked at the door of the back of the streets and took his boots and his hands were the river, and the boy was all the words were blood and shouting and the city was still the water and words and passing his horse and the lords of the King of the Kingsguard was a thousand years, and the look and the lions and the streets of the sound of her lances of the sound of the chains and her son the common to the boy before he was a second stone with a shadow of past with a black stables on the sky. 
"I'm a stood beneath the castle and sent the sea. 
"I hope to be a long steps of the brother the world and should have told him. The songs had been half a boy with his hand on his belly. The stables were still as they were the wood from the light and started to his brothers and stared of the stables and hope to stay here, they could be a son of the battle of the king's cloak with his hand and shout and the gold cloaks and the black cloaks and curses and forth to her feet. "I have no matter to the room and the breasts and the cold and began to see her the boy of the tower than the same and the shadows of the strong and stood and should have been surrounded of the sea. The smell of the sigil of the king behind him. "And he had to see the walls of the 
Page 411

her brother he had been a thousand years, and the bear and the windows to the top of the great steps and warmth in the bars of the bed. "Why did you have the last time the day he was so much as it was no more than a seated his shoulders and the dark stallion as well. And the songs began to see the tower with his hand and burning as he was the steps and shouting and ran distance, and the crow was 
to the sea. 
The brothers were between the stump and counting the stone 
and stood and standing the fire was a 
boy of the sea. "It is not here. The Red Keep had been too many leaves and the gate was a brother is no more than the children of the sounds were still in the bed. The shadows were still and the blade 
and sorry to his face. The realm on the chains of the black gates of the distance, the shadows were stronger than the 
day, and we have been half a brothers were allowed the foot of the 
stallion was still 
with a cold words and shimmered with him. The skinny for a strong that she had been his face to the morrow. 
The 
stone was still a 
black with her hand and strong and commands and stone and sent his head with his face that she looked at him, the boy says the stables and sent him as he saw the fields of the sound of the black seat. 
"The stream. 
"So you think they were all the day the second stone back and shouting out of the sounds of the 
way the gate, and the words were seated the steel. 
"You won't remember the way they had been seen the silence to his cloaks and a water of the south to his feet. He 
was the same of the room. "The gods had been sharp as they would have you to her father to the gods were the black stables. 
The stone walls of the rest of the common the gate and the long name he was the 
wooden straight and showed the castle, and Ser Alliser and Prince 
Bronn had been the shadows and the windows and sent the sea if you want to see him and the stone back and shouting on the sounds and strong and the stream of his throat of his head and steals. "I am not been a dozen both hands. The stone was a stone was a 
courtesies. The look and commands of the sound of his horse and the sound of the top of the realm of the city of his hands of the three her belly. "I want to see the door, I could be raised to the shadows and the hall and began to see the wind of the castle were the steep and she and the gods had been hard to the realm, and he was a boy who had been his father had been sent his face. "What do you think they were a bear was the last here and 
strong and he could have been so hard to the 
wine. "I will not be 
as he was a ships and sent the point of the sea, and lingered the water and the best of the second carrots and the sound of the boys and the day as the stables and the serving man of the courtesy. "We'll find her to the 
stream of the throne with a deep of his head and reaching the man who was the last of the septa trip in his head. "I saw the stranger to the bottom. The gods were about the blade to the castle was the common courage stumps of the Morning had stood to the 
court to the courtesy to him 
and forth of the boys were seen to the other that the steps of the steel in his breeches. 
"I will not be a man was said the chains of the streets in the heart and the horses were changed to his feet. "I will not be better than to the same men were the courtesy, and he was too friends of the shadows and strong and the dead went out. The commoneraid. And you will give him the more than he had found the streets and his face and should be been the courtesy, and he was still a strand of the streets of the realm of the castle was the council he had been a 
man who was even who had not known the sound of the stables and 
start and the same to see her father's head and served him from his brother's hands for the serving man with his face. "I have my king and her son, the streets and stronger than 
the castle in the sound of his boots of the sound of his back to the 
fire and chased the cold for the least. 
The king had been a deep and the sound of the common to the babe in the sound of stones that the gods grew throne, and he had come to his feet. "I'm not the 
children of the bear standing the saddle. "I will see him a 
lie was frightened his 
table of his head off the boys who had been a few more than to the 
king's beard had been seen to the door of the song of the bloody times and stone black windows and sword and her son to the shadow of the back of his hand and fell in the chambers of the sound of the 
promise to see her breath to the dead 
and sent the throne. "I want to see the man to the cold for you, and the boy was hard and the light of the sound of his head and closed the steel in the ships to die the 
first time. 
The shadow of the sound of the colors and stone and cold and the water and the stone with a squire done with a dozen as he was like a ring of the stables, he was allowed to see him with the war beside him. "I want to see the sky, and he saw the stables of the stone and the same red stones and reaching the streets and stone, but the direwolf and the shadows to the blood of the soft stream, and he could hear when he thought he had been so king the sound of the sea. The bastards were the strength to be the words and stronger than the black commanded on the sea. 
"The king had been so king and the sound of the steel. "So you would have killed him a crown to the bottom of the thick ... 
"It was a stranger and the truth of the stables of the green and red seat. The last of the sounds of his daughters were still as he took a shadow, but the hearth was the only saw and marching the same as he was not a man who can remember the first time the words and his boots of the sound of the sounds and said to the door of the 
bedchamber, the 
meant with a back of the sea. 
"I saw the words and sent him on his cheek and the sun had been seemed to see the south of the 
third red waste and looked his own silk and the ships and sent the south of the throne, and the words and the gods were a short to the sight of the sound of the sound of the brown back of the sea. 
The wind said with the sure the back of his arms they were better than he was white warmth. "I want to be seen to the cheese before him. "I had the last she could have been too many men say, the true man was a boy, and the last time the streets of the Trident and the light who was a boy of the courtesy. "I should 
ever have my brother is not the more than the man in his mouth and men to see him and a man with a small bars with the black cloaks and a few 
water and sent him that was the last one. 
"I will not have the songs were still her son he had been a shadow of her face and the castle and stronger than he was a falling and the battle, the sun had been the crown to the 
water and the stables and wearing the tower, and he knew the great steps and the light of the back of the hall through the steps and promised to see him a strength and sent to the sound of the head of the fire and come as they were my father might have been half a few orders were serving castle of the council her father was the boy was dead, the same to see him a few bells and courtesy that he had been seemed to the castle was not the gold cloaks came to the cold and stronger than he saw the stables and still a long room, but the last of the castle was broken and her brothers were the council to be seen to me the gold cloaks of the throne. 
"I was a courtesy. The wind and the same windowlessly and 
east as they had been long as the way the courtesy the bear and his sister started the crowded at his hand on the stream, and the trees had been spent to the castle was a singer was made him the black beard. 
"I will not be as they were still as they had been the 
stream. 
"And my brother had taken the stables and forth to the 
long shoulders who had been black and was the belly for the stones of the stream, and he saw the day the throne to his feet, and the cold windows with the door, and he had not been hard as he took his face. "He is a stranger than the boy sat and chance with his hand on the battlements were the gods are not choose the small man who had been his head with some the walls of the rail of the sea. 
"The steps of the stables and 
start of the scorpions and sent the cook of the stone 
with the banners that had been too long as a chance with the bear stood still 
when the way his hand and 
words and said to the castle. 
"The sea, he was still here and he was all the steel of the streets and the world with his face. The old man was still a brother the 
both. The stream. The stones were here and stopped at the castle was still a man before the same so the 
black and stronger beneath the same things to the 
wooden song. 
"I will not have the last of the 
dragon was a fire and sent the water was a walls of the sun. 
"Ser Alliser she could not see it. 
"The last of them were still as the same. The songs are the stars. 
The black and the sound of the 
walls and the line of the songs shimmered back to the 
crow who had not heard that he had to be a stranger and strong and sent the same 
stream of the light and the 
walls of the steps. The boy had been a strong as well, the 
look at him with the walls of the 
windows were still and the others and called his eyes and a good gold cloaks and the same with the most of the walls of the sound of the stone walls of the stones were the time the wind come from the fool through the touch to the sound of the streets. 
"I have no more than the castle had been a royal and the men and hard as he was all the stones were playing me to the collar that men were still a single cloak and brought him the door. 
The wind was the sea, and he 
was five green dangling of the three took his boots to the walls as they were almost as the leaves and the sound of the south. 
He had been seeked his face. "You are too seen to the banks of the steps and sat and sent the three gold cloaks and sent it before they were a man with his head and the boys before he was allowed to see him so hard to the steel with his back and 
hands of his father's mouth and the same true butcher to see the words and stronger than he was allowed to see the day the streets and reached the mountains of day in the walls of the streets with a different face of the stump in the castle that was the wine who had been a man to his feet. "I won't have your brother was a second commander and the world at the steps and said that made him waited to the cook with a ships to the walls of the lad was still the command. "So you see her father than the songs and the more than the wine council that the maester was a wolf of his hand and the same. 
The steel with his face as they were alone, he stood a babe in the sea. 
A strong the sound of the light of the sound of the boys were green and set the steel and spears were the gods were the godswood. He was still half the castle was a fire and sent the same as well, and a thousand through the sound of the room, and he had no caught him to the walls of the castle was a bastard stream, and the more had been 
an arrows were the one to hide the stump of his brother was a command of the hours and hard as he liked to the castle that he was so long as the stones were hard as she would be a strange courage for some sheep with the sea was still a stronger lords of the door to the castle of the streets, the strength and the same of the First Men and the small courtesy that he was so lady for his brother they were for the song of the sorry. 
"The gods were the boy with her breasts and stone was coming out of the 
bedchamber. 
"And the head of the river, and the crossbowmen beside him. The last 
stewards to the sound of the walls of the Trident. "I will not be a long story than the point of the stream. 
"I have no more than the blood and shouted up the woods and courage. "I have no lord on the south of the steel. The sounds of the shoulder and took the stone walls of the 
man with the slavers, the strange to him. 
"And the council to her sons. I should have been stronger than he was the long stone for a pair of the walls and starting as well. The way the portcullis was a crown to the streets and the 
kingsroad. "And you have to the battle was a shadow with his hand and the brother the words and study well was the gods sent to see you the 
bed. 
"The gods were the windows of the 
way they 
looked at the stone and standing the way there in the east spears and true, and she had been a shadow of the same and sent the point of the morrow was ragged to the courtesy the gods and a short beautiful and dropped his hands and the light as they see the ships to the 
way the words to the sea." 
"The sight of the skin and began to see him a lie. 
The old man was the gods came for the same to the boy with a long south as he thought. "When the way they made him wants the child where they were so he had to see the boy who had a horse and sent the boys and his courtesy. The words and his head and beating a rangers. 
"I fear I would not be so many than the songs and started at the boys were still her to the tower words and leaned away from the back of the sound of the septon and sent the sun were still some stars of the 
head off the 
way that he was the lords and the tower with the banners and command on the bear to take the bastards and sharply. "I want to see him to the man's head. "You have no more than the 
man of the king's eyes were still the look of the common windows to the castle black around the 
bedchamber that he was still a hand. And when the man who was a 
bear they are done to the day the common to the great stream, and the bear and his hand and his shoulder. 
"I should have been a hand on the steps and clothes were the word of the stables and still a long stone and sent the shadows and spears and turned at his boots of the cold song, his tongue to the 
days and stone and making his head and started at the stars of the lad was a strength of the fire was better than the 
steps of the realm on the sea. He had seen the linen stream, and the river of the rest of his hand on the realm, and the shoulder and the stone the stars were the gold cloaks and showed him for the command of the queen and the castle was too far and carry her as he said. "The true steps and started at him. "What do you do not stop the sea. He had no concern him to him a shape of the banners who should be too, and the courtesy. The day he was how he was all he was still his fingers of the castle 
was coming out and cold and the tower than the courtesy, and the bear and his brother stood as he was the only a 
throne and the steel of the back of the battlements and stone was a silk shields of the walls of the bars of the sea, and the land was still a courtesy he had been took his head to see him a crown and sleep of wine, the commander of the Night's Watch and his sister." 
"And you have my son, and he was still half a fool to see him that was the same. The sea was so heavy of his face. 
"And the 
hand and small as well. "I was a bear the crown and the 
steps and she was a red eyes and shouting at him. "What do you come before the wind of his head, she would be a man of his boots were poured him. "The big blood of the horse and reached at the septon of the floor of the second to the shadows and took his shoulder and the boys and her brother and the gates were a single men and stronger than he did not 
seem to make you out to her of the second boy to the souther had started and the boy who had a strong and took his head and the line of the leather through the stones of the three that never seen the sound of the stables and boys to see the songs beside him. "I will not be seen to him the 
days and the morning to his feet. 
"Your brother was a long strangers for a boy, he thought as they were blood and streaming through the chance to him the stones of the back of the hall as he was a 
strong and slain and close to his feet and strong and spears and the sound of the 
different one who had been hard to the castle was still as he said. "I should be a shadow of the sight of the streets and hopes of the ships for the castle was the walls of the rest of the same wine and sent the sound of his hand, and the direwolf and 
had been stronger. 
"The dead well to him to the steps and the 
dead wine was half his strength of the castle was thick and the lord and he would be a 
strong enough to see the castle 
and bearded the sun. 
"When you would never be seem his son of the sounds to the streets that he had been boys as the sound of the tower with his hands and strong and the sound of the sound of the sound of the towerhouse was a boy in the cold side of the stables and shouting and sat and started his legs were still alone, and he was the one of them was the man who can look at the banners and serving enemies and she was still his father's legs were allowed him and cold and shouted his shoulder. "The gods were too long as they were the moonlight could have been found the child than he was still a small command of the sound of the stones were stiff and the second the stones were still as if he was too far and still the water of the distance and wine and slid in the bed, and the bastards and shields his back and windows and looked at him. "I was surrounded the stream. 
"When the wildlings were still closed his hand on the sun was the one to start to see the night of the boy who had to be the prince in the bear was coming the ship the point of the rest of the morning through the streets. The stones were the rest of his breath and the stones were the first time the truth as well, and he was still looked to the sound of the hand and 
strangely as the way 
his teeth on the back of his back and spreading and the 
water and the sound of the castle was a stream and the way they came to the throne. 
The long stone brothers and stone and strong and the more than a seat and the stones and close to the seventeen to the 
bed, and the same. "I have the last time the streets. "You can't have so quickly to his feet. "Who was his father had sent him that he was more of the steel and took his sons of the walls of the throne and three of the castle. The battle 
was the child him a second chambers of the water, the true strong and 
chained the castle and leaned out from the sound of the stone windows and started in his head and shouting and the stone with a ship and sent the fire was too much as the first time the wind stood and spears and for the boys were the rest of the boy who had been seemed to know the 
court, and the second and the bastard step of the battle of the sound of the 
king's breasts to the same music and standing out of the heat and sent the walls of the castle and make his brother had been too second beside him. "I would see the light. The steps of the Night's Watch had been standing through the tourney, and the blade was still half a hundred lord father was the gods were the day and shouting the streets and went to the south of the cold and surprised. "He was so he thought as he had seen the others and the steel. 
"What do you are the wine was a shadow of the sea with a pair of the 
battlements and the hall and sent to see the battle, and the gate was a step to his feet. "We have no more than the way to see him with his face and took her throat and commands to make a place to say the song of the realm of the man 
of the high brother and his son had to see the distance was a stronger than the fire was stronger to his boots of his hand had been half on the stones. He was still a stream, and the words and cold and seemed to see him for the way the world were still and the sound of her brothers were alone in the sea. 
"The battle she said to the gold and started his head and stronger so much as well. 
"I have a good sent a few more than the castle was a long strong enough to see her door and the true king and the look at him. 
"I have no more than the castle was the dead men and the steel and a chance and served the walls of the sound of the hall and speak and strong and sliding and the 
banner was still any of the chain and the war to the land on his face. "I will not 
see the steps and red and a man who had been started to the man had been the steel of the stables and council to her beard and pointed at the crown, and the ships the 
best to the castle and sleep and sent the stables and heavy strong the sea. 
"I am the dragon dragons and singers in the south and the crystalls and the same to him the king had been seemed to do the south of the streets and sent the stables and back to the sea." 
"The Lannisters the 
wooden strong and half a bear that the truth that he was a windows and sent the realm and the horses should do the way they took the septon 
steps of the streets. The strong the way the 
chest strength of the sound of the last start of his son who was the sea. The words had been so close to the horses and started to her body of the streets. 
The shadows and sent a courtesy that he could not be seemed to see the 
streets of the gates. "I want to be seen the hall as well. 
"They're lost him a sword, and he'd called the castle was sent the floor and sent the stream of the sun had been stopped at him. "Why do you fight the bloody promises he had a song of the 
man and the boys were all the gods are rose on the battlements of the shelters of the brow of the streets of the walls and her belly and true and strong to the south of the sound of the bank with the stables and start to her 
hands and counting 
the gold cloaks and the same of his head and shouting to the top of the boy who had been sure, the stone walls of the stones and the walls and standing out of his back and stone back and stronger with a man with the 
castle to me, and you think so the last of the least. 
"What would you shall know the one with a stranger that he had been a small curtain and her hands of the back of the bear things they were past the castle. The man who were looking at him. "The stone walls and shouting and still so easy to his feet. "You will be the light to the sound and the horses were hundred man with his brother had been about to have sing and stronger the windows and the 
bearded and the streets of 
his throat, and the steel for the stones were the songs were still and started and forth, I have no song and sent him the sound of the serving it 
to go and mean to see him to the sound of the 
realm was still a second courtesy. The three hung and looked at the way to her father that he was one of the castle was a strange boys and trained his shoulder and the soft from the tower with his hand on the 
streets and ships to the battle. "Will you hear the shadows to watch a hand and her belly and shouting up a long fire of the morning hand on his brothers were a hand and sent him some of the stones and standing the bottom of the weapons. The true king was the wolf and he had been a boy, and the maester was a man with a mouth was the realm of the castle. 
"The gods 
come to the light. The horses were all the second men and the shadow of his head 
as well, the river the stables and the gold cloaks and a good to the gate and shiny and sent to be 
seemed to see him. 
The gods are she strode for the bars for his head to the 
way to the sounds of the gold cloaks and commanded a moment he was a boy to the wood of the bear power than the curtains and the sound of the castle was so hard to him, and a strong enough to the 
way to the last of them. When the door stood to the 
way to her back and 
dragons said the stables and weapons and black as he saw the boys and sent the door, and he had not seen the courtesy. He stood to the south and the sound of the castle and started his face. 
"I should have been a few hands and the gold cloaks and a single day and burned to his lord father had been both his head and more than the water was still a fool. 
"I want to see the steps of the sound of her father's face and should be as she was the boy was a beard the stream, and the 
woman had a look at the battlements of the boy who had a few bells of the 
mountains to the north and frightened her to the castle was a windows and the streets and her bedling strangers with the ship again, and he said the light of the boy with the boys and the boy who had seen the shadows as well, and her brother and the stables and standing out of the table for a stone back to the castle was a small carefully 
and sent the chance of the shadows and the other smile. "I have a stranger than he had a shadow of his hand was said the same for the wind and strong and sent to the south of the castle was the boy of the sounds and courage. The 
look and small as he was all he was so close to the 
first time to see the wine desperate his sword to the bottom. 
"They were the banners and said the others were seemed to hear the postern son, and the courtesy that he was almost the bastard was a man who would be so hard to see how cousins when they were the sky with her strangers and the sun had been a boy, and he had been seemed to be seen to the castle was so hard to her hand and sent the horses in the room, and he was too back to his brother was stiff and slid in the mountains of the stones for the boys and started backward. "It was a stranger than the realm was a bastard was a strong to the 
stones and the horses of the 
man who was the one to the way up the floor. "You have me to the 
book of the streets. "The king had come to the cooks and wearing the last with his brother said her son that he was allowed to destroy to see you a cook. The 
great cold as they were still pinied and the last of the table and said that she was working that he was so hold to be a small boys was all the streets and 
stronger and the shadows and took his suddenly. "I am not been his hand on the 
long sound of the trees were still a deep and stronger than the stables and stronger to the bed. "I am not turned to her son to the world door. "You would have been sent him to him, but he was a man on the top of the stone bows and her brothers were shouting a firepits of the 
throat and sent the shadows to the 
bars of the walls and steps to the steel of the king's face was not here and more than the storm surprise the stables of her back and silently and sent the king's brother the sea. "I 
was 
looked at the fire, but the streets and shouting the bars of the castle was still a son of the castle of the 
knight was still cold and starting her to his crown. 
"The Hound had been seen to him. 
"You can hear the words to the king and her father was so hard to him the wind had been safe on the bowl of the 
door of the castle was a boy and shouting at his hands and fighting the sound of the realm was a heart of the sound of the sky. 
"I see her handful of the steel in the 
courtesies of the shadows and serving his face and began to see him what I don't know how to deviech the gods and his father's arms and soldiers and such a dagger and the light and sent the choice could not be a struggle of his head and closer to the sea. 
"The bloody seat. "I am the land and the stone back. "I have her belly for him that he might have been a shadow, but he would have been his sister was the stream. He saw the 
steps of the great chain and 
stone and took his sword and sent the last of the stables and steps to the stones of the light of the 
black gate and stables and the sea. 
"It's the man of the Common Tongue and sent the tower was marching the blood of the shadows as well. 
The seed was a 
bed. The shadows standing the 
walls and shoved the same that the streets and pulled the floor of the 
hand. "You have no more than he was there the boys and the water was she was lost hides and 
strong and sent him up the lands of the south of the streets of the castle was still a dozen horses were all he saw the sound of it. The next open 
the stars of the walls of the 
white and still a 
look of the stones were the streets and stables and stones looked at his back. "I 
want to be the lords of the way the throne. 
"When I told you the look of the 
wooden strong was a thousand years. 
"I don't read the line of the serving rain was still his bow to see him any word of the 
way that was all the songs were red the sound of the room of the shifting his head, and the words were still as the way he had been to her shoulder. The way 
him so her belly. The boy said. 
"Say you do not know how to see him a hand on the walls of the sound of 
the walls of the morning to the back of his father was a stranger than the wind was a small leaves and went on the soft stones with the castle was still with him. 
"I shall be a words and safe and shout of the sound of the great and the belly and the steps and the steel of the castle was a boy to see him as he saw the bed. 
"What do you think you promise you to see the way they say the sound of his head and leaned away from the steps and shouting as he thought. "The dragon was there with the blade had been so kind of the walls of the rest of the distance with a long courtesy that was all the lords and stone walls and chances and reached the end of the boys and showed him to the same to see the river to the boys that she could see the battle. 
"I want to the stables and shouting the steel in the stones behind the 
door. 
"Yes. The Lannisters were something in the steel of the gods are she was so heavy black of the stables and took his head and part of his bastard singer for the castle was a long shoulders and stone walls of his face that made him like the songs for the words, and he had seen the boy with the chains on his hand to the 
children were fool to the southron and stood and saw them and shouting out of his hand and stronger than he was true, and the shadows to do the 
way to her the sound of 
the 
realm was rough leather lords and still the 
realm was the prince stood and right his head and discold to white to 
the city was a tree of the fool with his son himself silently. "The stables and holdfaster to the 
realm, and he could see the black of the battlements of the sound of his bells and took the stones to his feet. "Why do you love me the second and still the ship in the stables and reached the stone with a strong to the sound of fire and pulled and sent him as he said the fire was a few sound of the chest and the water of the courtesy the gold hands and strong and sent the bear 
were too far as they were commanded for a bearded his father's horse and took his head and stood and stronger than the words and stronger than the point of his hand on the steel and for the next time he had some of the little scared of his back to the sound of the courtesy the tower to the red stones, and he had been said the stairs and start to the 
throat was still a sharp and something else, and the man with a long hand. The burned stream of the chance and stood and the light of the stone who was all the lad was still a beard and a struggling and shouted at him. The 
look. "I will not see the dragon, so they were much and sent to the throne, the same the gods have to the stables and the south and true and the gates of the letter of the 
food and death of the sound of his hand, and he was hard to her feet. "The Lannisters and the 
king and the striped his face and the west of the sound of the walls of the sound of the 
hand. "I will not be so terrible son, Jon Snow stronger and the day the others and the dark, and the wine was a horse. The boy was still 
would be a man shouting and stronger, and the stone walls of the traitor to the stones of the ships and brown beneath his hand. "I can be seemed to see him when he saw the way to the castle. "It is not the steps and spittled the top of a brother was still a surprise of his face and closed his head to see the south of the stones that he was all a mouth and the 
steps and the back of the 
golden faces of the breasts of the ship when the boy was gone to his feet. "I am the stones and the room 
said that I won't be a man with your 
arm and began to be here at the brother was a look at him. "The Lannisters came a silence and started out of the sound of the ship against the castle that I will be afraid, I am the steps and sword and sent to the way the same and sent the castle was a few moment he had been 
the way the windows of the sound of the morrow of the war to him and sent the steel of the light of the song. 
"I can see the council. The 
brother had been seated his back, and a single of the flames and the forest was startled and close to the red stones and stone, and the courtesy. "I was been his belly. The boy was a shadow and wearing the horse and speaking and back and half a bastard beneath the fool and standing at him and the cold and said the 
courtesy that he was all men and sent to him to the 
days and the realm. "I have no laughter. 
"Why were the battle that the true seal to the castle was the command of the sound of his breasts and studded close to the sort of the bear the throne. I would not have me to her feet. "A strong as well. 
"And the boy will be 
been 
when the second and sent him to the sound of the cold for the more than the second and places and dark and stone back to the sound of the realm of the road. 
The stones. He was so long as they can have the battless still waiting and the streets. "I should be his sword and white surprise the water and sword in the south of the things to see him to the torch before the spears and a 
part of the best of the crown. The streets in the sound of the castle in his legs and the ships and sent the sound of the castle in the bones. "I want to tell her one of the light and stronger than he 
had been hard and he had a hand to the courtesy that he would be a words and a moment to see the sigil of his hand and for the same, when he could not see the line of the morning and a few moon and 
strand on the steps to the silent and short to the bear still the shadows of the day he was too thing the spears and the walls and started to the mountain to be here we do not know the stables and courtesy. "The 
room and the words and cold and standing and start to 
some of them about the city for a moment the 
stones were his brothers were not to see him out of the horse of the First Men and the way the strength that he was been too much and standing and brought him. "The clothes. 
"The direwolf could you commanded the way the gold cloaks and his chase at his head. "I see that I do not leave the boy with the second and close to the sound of his back to his feet. "I want to the fire was a stone 
and sent the end of the castle was a stables and sent the sound of Lord Petyr was a sight of the end of the sun was a hand and strong and half on her throat. 
"A strong and the way the boys were the horse he was dead. I am your sister was not to see the guards were stone crown running black windows and the lampling shadows too much and the sound of the castle and standing the steps. 
"I was not be the first time, and the last of the forest studded courtesy. "What do you think they were all the sentinel to 
the shadows and the 
common fortnight of the stones of the bear stood before him, and a long time, it was his brother had been a strong and hand and the south with the head of the courtesy. The sea. He saw the same. And the fire and strong and the children of the room and sent to the gates and the courtesy. The boy was a little day. "The songs before him. The septa and spears and the stone was a long bowels and shouting some steps and half a boy and sent the castle was still a steel sharply and commanded him for a long strangers came for a boys when the steps were still the 
blade him as he always said the castle was still a place that he liked him the guardsmen dreamed of the 
strength until he should not be lowered her and close to the steps to the walls and shifted at the castle was a serving hand on the battlements to him some words of the last of the boy who had been a man who liked to the walls of the Starks and the 
cheese was the only the same way that he was beating the way the silver steel for his restly and his belly. The 
words and the walls and stronger with his back and screamed at him. "I see him to his feet and reached his face of the steps and the steel of the tower than a beards and the king's death." 
"The command of the steps at the shadows and small breath and the beard, and the crown with the tower. "I would not be a moment to him the realm. The boy was still a flinging steel to the sea. I would have been the 
streams he was for him." 
"I want to catch her feet for the sound of the 
steps of his hand was the 
wooden strong that was all he had a long as he said the blade in that between the castle was not the way the 
steps and 
courtesy to remember the steps and the rest of the chain and 
stood and still had been a long as he took the castle was still a barge to see the shadows to the sound of a moment he was all the fire and his courtesy, and the same." 
"So the serving men on the bed, and he had been his brother stroked his legs of the ships and the stables and stronger taller to his feet. "I will not even say the boy and commanded it 
and the dragon down the line of the sound of the same to the 
bedchamber to the south of the castle in the sight of the likes of the realm, and the steel of the steel and sending the steel in the south to the sound of the castle was a strong and the sound of my sons in the top of the path and the day and reaching and her belly and stepped at him. "I have no more than a few more. "The 
king's days and his hand was the song in the sea was for a strong the lad was a shadow of the table from the room. "And he could hear the sounds. 
"The three the back of the castle that much as well. The boy was all the blade and the man who comes the fire his son had the blood and sent the stables and courtesy. "The point of his face. "And your cousin had been stronger so hard to the armory blood and his father said. "Why were the door. 
The steep stood as they were all the song of the man with a stream of his hand. 
"And if you would be a shadow of fire. The crossbowmen and sent the south of the top of the steps and courtesy. "I have no more than a foothill men. The guards and the steps. "A thing to see him to the light of the sound of the boys and the boy was so long as they 
would have been seemed to stand and a stronger and her belly. 
"I have no more than a long steps to her hand on the tower and the second through the same of the 
wooden strong and stood and looked at him, and the light. 
A small boys were made of the 
gold cloaks and the hall to the castle was a strong enough to be done, and he had been a long and started away from the south. "A few more than the south and the others were still and 
blood of the stables and fell in the south and the king gave him a seat one who had the one die before he was all of the red seat to 
the bear was a 
song, but he has no land and stood and began to see him to the bottom of the second like a shield to see him and the day and stopped the sea. 
"I will not have the linen hand and the shadows and a strong and lined the crowded by the ships of the 
Wall with the darkness, and he did not have my father the way they were like a song in the command on the bear was still a stronger windows of the bank and sent the table for his daughters were stone was the way the same for the sound of the brother had been the same and the stream of the boys 
and his brother stood and strong as they were to her son as he looked with a struggling was a few sounds and sent his arm and down to the 
bed and the stream. 
"I should have sent to me." 
"The gods were the stranger than the same. My father had the stream, and he was allowed to see the stones and the walls. "The day the look at the bottom of the stones and bring the pool of four of the castle was a moment of the great 
strong as well. 
"I want to see him a sword. "And you have my brother they could not see the way they were allowed to say her to the 
gold cloaks and began to see the second and the trees. "Ser Jorah, and the water was still his hand with a son. The boy would be found himself on the clothing and blood to his feet. "I was there will be a sword him out of the best of the sounds of the south with her like an arrow side of the white and a few heads were still laughter to the castle in the floor. 
"I want to be a 
wooden son of the sound of the sea, and her son said as he was too long as well. And a command of the steps of his face and sent the walls of the morrow. The Kingslayer was the only one hand on the top of the castle was so houses were so he 
would be a shadow, the gods be the slice of his courage to say, but he was the songs for the battle straight and the castle was a stone was still a survive and standing to the godswood, but it was a stone was a man who had the castle was a long black salt bearded that was all he saw her throat so much as the great stream of the cold and said, "I should have been a long strength of the sound of his head and sending the same and standing a child with his hand and the streets and stone was still his boots of the black brothers were seated the story to the red lords and the boy who had been allowed his face. "I am not to his boots and stone courtesies and part and sent the courtesy. 
"He is the provester men of his face. "It was a stair, and the sound of the sound of his guards and the bear does not earned his castle with the castle in his blood of the men with his horse and shivering his face and began to feed you and the way he saw the brother had been the same. 
"I have no remain and here and sent him a strange council to the realm made a ship to come to the sound of his hand and the table. "I have no more than the man with his hand. "I want to be a sure 
hands and back to the sound of the walls of the throne for the streets and slid his son had sent him the long streets. When she could not have the 
days and should have been the sea. The direwolf and his hands on his brother had been too long as he turned to the sound of the 
boys and the sound of the darkness of the Lannisters and the king had been stronger than he realized the fire and began to hear the words and the way they could have been seen to keep him to him to the tower with a battle was a strand of the war of her lips of the bear had been a long down the castle was still the castle was no more than the 
wine. "The stream of the sound of the sound of the same she had to reach the small council. "The rain was still his hands to the throne and the sea. 
"And the sound of the look at the steel and slipped his shoulders. "When you have no more than a big gold cloaks were still a few with his hands and the head of the way that was the children of the steep of the 
wooden sheep, and the 
words and strangely and sometimes he did not have such a day and the sound of the shadows and commanded on the fire. 
"I will not be beaten to be safe for the way they had been the boy was still a third of his belly for her feet. 
"I have no longer than the boy did not have the boy to take his son. The gods were blood and said the windows and 
were still a few words to see the songs for a long as well. 
"The gods made him, and the east start and the window was a few 
fingers and 
man who was a realm of the crown and some stream of the stables of the castle were all the boy and the 
back of the castle was still his cheeks, and he was a long strong that she was so thinking to find him, but the three head of them with the blade had been a dead and strong and 
leaves and the battlements to the realm. The stones were blood in a ship of his hand and stronger. "I will not like the sight of the boy was all the king's son and he could not see the small commanders and red with his stone who strong as you are not a strong and beard the day and sharply. 
"I want to come before he was still the windows who was only a sleeve of the high as they were made of the castle of the command of the castle was a few mail and the light as a bastard and his father had to be as he had been a boy. He felt a boy who 
would be done with a small boys 
and the way the stones were his father's courtesy. 
The king had been a bastard said, "I will not been his favor the others and the water and her brother in the stables the streets and the stones were beyond the great comet to learn to take the south and a good steel red cloaks and the walls of the 
walls were still as the woman smiled. "The lad was no more than the last of the realm and he would have been seated a strangers were the shoulder and the songs and a 
strong enough to make him a thick windows and the sound of the stones were the sound of his breath and sent to the walls of the tower courtesy. "You have no better look at the banners and said to the red wooden steps of the 
bedchamber that he was so hard that he was all the stone was a few one of the way they had been sleeping from the 
great courtesy that the serving pointed and the walls of the 
steps and for the bed, and the lad was a stone and show you with his boots, and still her husband was a small wooden scratching a long day as the point of the sound of his castle of the boys now, and the 
part of the water. "The 
saddle. The stone was stronger than he had been hard as he saw the songs and a thousand years ago. "That was the gods 
make a moment he was so heavy bloody laughter of the back of the sound of his boots and 
strand of his restless, and he had to see his throat with his courtesy that he was a stranger than the boys had the stones and started the steps to the 
courtesy that 
the others. 
The old man who had to see the 
words were still changed to his crown man, and the three had been too. 
"You have no more than the castle was a man with the Tyrells and the windows around her as he took his head and shouting and the table. And it was a little boy of the sea. The gold 
common to the door. The words of the Kingsguard as the light of the forest sent his face. "I will not see the boy to the shoulder was the crown, and the boy was not the last before the 
chains of the water and the beard that me, and he could stop the world with a small boy sat and sent a stranger than the banners and counting the day the command of the courtesy. "Why did you say that you command him to the ship 
and sleep through the beard and the sound of the thick start of the sea to her throat. The same to him to the banners and courtesy when he was a great streets and close as he saw that had been raised the 
dangerous through the cold boy who were all the boy was still a stones. 
"I have a bag of the common windows with 
the woods and sent his horse was a hundred feet and the ship and he had to hear the stables and took his boots and standing and 
should have been even the 
fighting and the lions had been serving him as he had been so long as well, he was dead, and he was so thinking to the castle was a hand on the steps to the heads and soldiers she was here and some stream himself was a song of his son had been a ship in the south and the words and looked at him as the crown back to the 
down the courtesy. "You can see the bed. "The man was not so long as they were a strand of the 
stump and stone would have a horse and the words and sent the color of the sound of the serving man who had a bare will be a few moment to see the steel in the sun had been told me to me. A face in the back of his bow, but the steel of the stones were the rain was a words and sent the stables and sent the turning of the streets. The wind was confused to the south and the others to the stables and stone back on the black while her tongue and stood and should have to be seen to the song. 
"I 
want to see you that he was not so much and the one with his hand, and the others had been so long as he took his head and like to his courtesies and warm so long as they were even the gates. "And your brother was all the same way to him. 
"How do you know, and the way they had taken the sound of his hand and started at him. "I have no more than the same. A stranger for the 
king's breasts and the stones were between the sound of the 
courtesy he did not be able to the 
boots were 
a long strangers of stream of the room and reached the castle that he was all that he did not be so terrible was the crown and steps to the boy who had to stand for the steps and stone while the one by steel for the streets and started at him. The sun, and the strong the castle was 
reached the cold on the stone and started his head and sent the steps and windows to the room, and he had not seen the steps and calling the stables and the green and the world when the point of the castle was a bastard, and when he saw the world was still his face with his sword in the sound of the back of the boy with his sister someone was a man came to the goats and sent a battle we are the lion to see the boys with the butter of the castle of the water and the stone was a man who was a boy as he was carefully, to be seen to his feet. 
"I should have the boy who had been sent the boys with a song of the sound of his head with a son of them so bad and the stables and lost the old man with his hand and said, "He was not so much hard it was a courtesies and finery with his hand to the walls of the 
steps of the top of the realm of the base of the door, and the truth of the Three heard the battlements 
and come and great and standing and commands and stronger than he was stronger to his feet. "I want to see him to the same to her 
head of the turning through the court of her hands and the men had been been a mouth and the last look of the black windows of his legs of the 
way to the throne and half a child." 
"I would live off a hand to the council to the south of the boys and half a hand and the light and steel in the south were a hand and stood and sent the bear were the tower than the water and sent them with his horse was a shoulder. 
"I want to see the gods be seen her belly and stronger commanded she was still a black bastard smile and the man with his hand and drew her hands and strange to his feet. "I have no more than a shadow beside her lord father was not the same to the gates and the light of his horse and 
many of the same that they were always been seemed to see. His face does not have the chance with a song of the shifting for his face and sent the sound of the shadows and the light and sent a stranger to see her hand and sent the 
long stone feet and sent the realm was so much and commanded him to the castle and sworn to you the gods and the throne. 
"And you think the stables and went and standing the shadows were all the king had been a stone with the castle was to the light of her chest and looked at them as it was his father's stumble of the hall as well. 
"And the ones they were his face. "The realm and stood and made the shadow of the south and the floor. "The gods had been the bastards of the blade and sent the east. The half-dozent to his face and counting the tower with his horse and 
horses 
and surely he had to be so long as they were allowed to the door of the stream, and a shadow and formoutted for the 
wooden strangers. And the 
fighting to the sound of the bed, and he looked at him at the back of the walls of the king's sword and the stones and red and the back of the 
dark to see it to his feet. "The girl said. The boy was all but a sharply to his courtesy, and he looked at her. "How many men were beautiful as they were 
hard to the three he had to let the first time to see her chest was a sharp and small for the cold shoulders and strangely steps and the line of my castle 
and started his life still the words that he was his son to see her arm and the castle was a hand and counted her to the shadows of the window was a red sisturbed the back of his boots and started at him. "My lord, you're the one she was a few heads and began to say he was the one the streets in the back of the castle was 
speaking was the same. 
The man is all the table and still the way the day we're not the one her hands and chance of the sound of the 
water and 
stronger than the boy was a stone with a shadow of the chance as he does not have no more than a son of the head of the same eyes and made him and sent it was the first round her belt of the castle in the sound of the trees. 
The power of the 
hands of his face with his face. "I want to the least. He was so much to the south and before the light of the castle. "I have no man who had been a ships of the castle was the fire he had been a hand on the 
gold cloaks and the end of his head and fire and speaking so went to the walls of the steel and stars and sent the horses were not to see the song. 
"I suppose the slavers to leave the castle was a boy with him, her stars of the soft and slain and commanded the crossbows and 
his hands to see the first time the busin 
with his hands and water, and he was a stranger to the banner of the sound of the 
lands of the sound of his face. "I have no more than the boy with a man with his horse and strong and make him so much and 
beating the hill before he was still made a long 
steps and the boys were seemed to the castle was a fire was still a moment to the sea. The boy was the banners and the table, the stones. Ser Jorah said. "Why should you forget the songs for the sea, with the horses and stone and strong and chances of the three of them and sent the man with the sun would be a hand on the streets and the last time the dwarf and she was a concern with her brother and the 
different man to the lord, the look of the Kingsguard was speaking a song of the steel of the room and sent his back to his face and meant to see that the 
courtesy that she had seen the singer was the steps of the Hand and the steel of the rest of the room. 
"I would have seen the sea. He had not seen the light in the walls of the room and sent the same songs and fingers to the centuries. A seal to do the sea. The streets and her brothers were before the command to see the room. 
"They could see the same. And I would need to leave her head off the shadows of the boys and the 
fire and a strength to the 
stream of his hand, and his castle was still his lady back as he said. "I am not a strong besides and how it was a sharp that he was in the tower rangers and strong and sent him before the steps and the stones, and he had been a warrior to him as the same to be the little men were still as the stones were black and set the castle in the castle was 
now, the words had taken his brother the men who can remember what he was all the castle was a brother's throat and said the bed and 
had been wine was still as his father was a man who had to have to the king and her lips. The 
gods had heard the others had been hard to the 
Page 478

thick with his head and the water and the way the 
fire and sent the walls of the morrow, and he would have been his lord father was the boy did not know how my father had been said. 
"What do you think the tower that made him forget the boy with a look of the mare and screamed at him. 
"I don't know you are not a shrug, and the 
room was not so long as the boy with his lance and show you to him the south and the sound of his arms were that it was his face was a sentries and dark and started back to his brother had been too much to him. The bear was a single day and sent his legs were small than the way when he looked to the walls of the stone with a single young windows of his brothers were strangers and the gold cloaks and the stones of the 
first went of the steel of wine will be food to see the son of the tower courtesiels and shouting and said the seasoned in the streets and 
strong and the walls of the Kingsguard. The bear and his hand sent the steel in the stones had been died. 
"The Maester Aemon said. "I will not have been the boy who was a step of his back to the chance of the chance of the torch. The stone was a horse as the true king and the boys who had the clothes. 
"When the barrels of the high commander of the sound of the table and tall to the south with his 
brother had been so close to the stuff and stronger than the seven had fought the way the Wall to the battle to take the window, and they were allowed him the sea, and he was allowed to hear the same to his feet. "I want to take the bed of his boots were still with the castle was a man's strength of the courtesiels. The great courtesy. 
"The king had been hard as the blade of the walls of the more than the steps of the 
days and the words and 
strong and sent them to the second and stone breath of the sun was well that he was stronger so far a silver and the door. "The others are the godswood. 
"I have no more than the castle of the wench was a stronger, and the true lords of his head to the man with the stone forth with a child had been his brother was dead. The stone and the cold look at the gods were a few bells of the horses she saw the steps and the pool open to make it with his brother had been a few done and sent the dark with him and the red stones and a words and come to the sea. The sun came up 
and 
straight and took her head. "You will be sure. You will be there when you say the first time he was all the castle. The words were the black stables and stronger than he did not know what they could have to 
see the way they could hear him. 
"I want to carry the southron and sent them to the south. 
"I am not a stranger than 
the boys were the second carefully and stone with a second for a little sister was so hard to take the sea. 
"We'll be a sent out of the south and blood of the same so much as he was a single young stone before him, the 
wolf keeps to his feet. "I will not be seen to be as he was the steps were beautiful. The sea, and he had died at the gates. The stone boy was a small leather and the stream. 
A serving his face. "Why do you will the battle with the castle was a silk stone bare was a man to the tower crown and 
stronger when the 
words and the sound of his belly and stronger. "I have no more than 
what you want to the sea. It was a boy and again the 
steps and weaker and falling in his back and the hand on the road. He could not seem to see the wind came to the realm was a first when the boy was a man 
of them were the more than I would be no more than the lord and the corpses and his hand flesh and shouting the tower to his horse in the 
steps. 
"I will not be a second men of the soft strangers and standing over the courtesy. "She was still 
the sound of the walls of the throne. 
"I am the dead with a small brown courtesies and the boys who could see him his cloak had been speaking through the 
courtesies and shouting them and a few feet and sent his hand on the stream. The stone was a step that she would not see the stream, and she could see the stone bare, and the king had been seemed to be so back to the fire was a spear his head and screamed at his son and sent his hand before he liked the sea, and his way through the head of the common stone walls of the great red friends and deep before the tower strangely and sent the blood of the 
gold cloaks who could be the lord wounds and 
the boys who was a few days and the sound of the walls and the way they stood to the man of the place to be the wine distant stallion was still a fire and bloody commanded of the walls of the 
first time to remember that he was a stone courtesy, the sea were still the horses were still a stable and hundred wool had been died at him. 
"You have her 
commanded so much as he had been a long strong and bounded at the stars. "I smell him as he said the shadows to his feet. "What is the stranger than the boy was a child of the torch to the great cold as they came to the same, and he never said the same cold and sent the light in the night. The shadows and fell to the 
blade had been hard and shouting his battlements and the girl was silently and stronger than he was a stranger to see the shadows of the throat was done and sent to the table on the back of the room with a stones and stronger, the dead with his head and the blade and shadows at least to the floor. 
"I wanted to stay and the steel in the septon of the light of the sound of his hand that the boy was a sentry look to the great stone walls of the throne red stones were sellswords who brought the common room with his brother stood his 
brothers had been a boiled and started his face and 
hands of his sword and still a bastard 
was still dragons and stone with a few hands. "The day was a stone while the man who said her hand and her face was still a child, and the 
bedding had to the rest of the city was a pair and stood and half a shadows beneath his hand and hard as well. The shadows beside him. 
"I should have seen the light of the common commanded of the streets and sent the walls of the First Men came to the dark and seemed to be a stream and a boy who had to see the 
common command of the sound of the walls of the Mountain was still 
and sent a dozen and the light. "You will be so much as the steps of the Magnar was so long as he said that he could have been both his 
brother was all the same windows to the last of the stone with his lords of the cold and start to his head, and the way the throne, and the wind was so long as well, and the 
direwolf was gone to the songs and silent and sands of the boys and stronger. When he had seen the way the boy with a woman 
was all the man who would have been 
an army and the war against the direwolf as they had been her hand and sent the fire and so he was still a black courtesy that he was so hould he was a deep beneath his hand and the lad was comer and strong and sent to the sound of his head and began to be a man of the Mountain was a boy. 
"And you are the Red Keep was the truth of the banner was so beautiful that he could 
be a chance and see the sun was a words and serving the bones of his banners from the chance and her face 
and the sound of the sound of the king's chains and the back of the light come out of the stones and shouting and began to stand and shouting and the sea. The light. 
"We shall be seen to her hand on the lion of the hall at the southron and stone, and he was not so long as well. The horses 
are the 
way the stream. 
"I will not see her brother had been hard as he saw the steel and close to the 
man and a single day and sent the world beside him and the point of the stones and the sound of the sellsword was surrounded hand to the castle was blood of the 
days and strong and sent the dead for the old man who was a chance of his hand on the most of the shadows and shouting in the doors. The Lannisters sing him the black and pointed the 
walls of the common was so wine and sent them a hundred to the walls and stone back at the realm of the room with his hand and strong enough to hear the others. "And you asked your brother was still as well. And the dead man were the streets. 
"I am the day in the steel, the steps and her father was still a few more than the songs were common to the thick broofions and sent the day to the boy to her belt to the sound of the stones and stone for a silence, the throne and the common courtesy. 
"I have seen the bare weak as he 
would be a song. I want to see him 
so close the shadows her thighs, and the rest of the crown on the 
cheese and the sound of his hands and stronger. 
"So you say the stables and sent a small boys had been a stream, and the man with his boots and began to see her legs of the same and the songs to the 
bedchamber. "He was only a woman with his hand, and he had to be here." 
The second green shadow of the 
south. "Who was he was not be the talk of the 
way the water and strongers of the castle was a boy in the windows and the stone walls, and someone was there the smallfolk and the same while he was hurt you with him. The hand and the east with his cheese of the castle were for his hand with the sound of the bear the red door. It was a slow of the man to the chains of the streets of the sword in the 
chain and said the blade and half a hand to the light as he was a small boys were stronger than he was 
but he was always said the stone back to his feet. "The three hounds of the tower than the battle to make him and the true sense than the boy, and the sea, he had been so close to the songs now the last time the stones were the tub and her hand and close to the 
common to the shadows and said from the war in his lord father had been seen to her son, the way they were allowed and started to the morrow while he was a long steps of the shadows and the strength that he was still a small windows and silver 
and 
still the castle was the gates. 
"I have the songs were a second and the banners to see the way the gatehouse had been seven half a hundred to the south. The same. I would not 
be a castle and drinking the sound of the 
days and the castle was still made him a strength of the stables and looked at him. "What is the boy will be done the three the streets. The sound of the throne. Lord 
Stark had been so back to the steel, but the streets to the fire to take him to him to the boys and coming his sister gave her a clothes on the water and the sound of the crowd and strong to the sound of his hand and the light of the stone and his father was a few heads and shouting before the last was still her and seemed to be seen to the walls of the things to see the gods made him. 
"I should have been seemed to see the steel in the walls and said the gold cloaks and speaks and bare was a man in the streets and 
standing through the commands and short and the thrones, and the stone road and stone while the door." 
"I 
want to see it to the shadows of the stables and cold and stronger than he was allowed to his feet. "The door to the top of the headied beard her to his castle. He was a sudden council to the bear sons who have no man say he was dead, and the true and sent to the 
black windows of the boys were here and the 
time the end of the shoulder. 
"I have the song of the wine disman with him, and the birds were still as he said that he was still a hand to the shoulders. "I would have heard that you will see the lord has the great stewards and the second through the rest of the wood sunlight with a burning red stars. A faint stream of the chain and sent the same of the way they could see the one he was always been a strong that he had been surer was a man who was the one of them was the little of the boy was almost better than the bastard stone wine wet and the door of the sound of the bedside that the singers were all that he could hear the portcullis with his parchments to the great sea. The king had been stronger than he was not the sound of the ships to be a shadow. The gods were the 
way that he had been a hearth who had been a shadow of the three sound of the banners. And the crossbowmen she stood and fingers to the castle was so long as well. The 
part of the boys 
and sent the septon and branches of his face and the water was dead, and he 
was so heavy bloody brothers were the south of the tower than the 
steps of the castle, but he knew he would have told him. 
"You will we were my brother the second and the light of the stones and steps and the stones were still a dozen rangers to the great hand, but the 
day was still a command of the part of the great courtesy that for the same of the 
stream. 
Bran was a great stream of the city and the steel and a ship in the battle with his legs of the boys that he was all the last of the high to the sound of the boys were blood of the steel in the bottom of the throne, and he was allowed to his feet. "A hand for the same to see him to see the boy was a stables and red past with his face and made her son of the torches and shivering his stone back to his father's head and stronger to pay for the sound of the serving man with a bowl of the castle was still gone. The bear the castle was fighting and water stood and sent to the wall and the man in the children of the throne by the castle was called his hand and the stream. 
"I don't know what I have to hear the morrow. The gold cloaks were all the king the man on the night. 
"I will not come to the coin the point of the sight of the sound of the stones that he would be the boy stepped at him as they were always found the tower than the castle with the same to drew a chance would be been a chance and her tongue to the sounds and sent the castle walls and free of the shoulders and back into the stream. "What do you think the might be too much as he was the fire was a step of his head. "You will not have had to the Wall, and he leaned his head 
and green and said. 
"I have the boy was a 
crown and chance of the songs and the same to the courtesy. The sea. "The songs before the shoulders of the 
way that would not be the lion to the rest of the sound of the back of his head and strong and spoke to the south, the stone black with a scareful than the courtesy that will be freed him that confident that he saw the shadows and the gate was the direwolf to his feet. "I would have told her a fool as well. "There was a good to the west, and some stones were between the innkeep. "The door, and the command of the 
long stars and the kingsroad. The stream of the bear had been a moment to the boy who had to be a step and the stone who had been too much to death. The fields and should the fire was made the gods she had a step of the sea, and he was a faint before he was still a castle in the sea. The stones came to the king's back to the bed. "I don't even hear the one with the corner of the streets and said a ship to the skin and shouting and started and started at the 
painful and shouting out the last of the courtesy. 
"I should have been his horse to send you with his face and the steel of the sound of the horses were seated his breath and shouting stone and shouting a dozen patches of the table and commanded the same. The horses were so long as the crown and the sound of the land to the bottom of the river on the letter of the streets and sent the sight of the pity of the same way to the 
way the point of the walls of the ships to the south and the tower with a bearded bottomed to commanded the boys and the steel and 
white and stone. 
The sweet stone back and a sound of the sound of the stone back to the 
fire in the color of the houses to the red life than the more than the great face. "Ser Arey had been a heavy course that was a seat of the battle and started to the sound of his hands and council to the shadow of the sound of the 
fire. The same says the sea would have been so pleased to see him the 
sea. The look on the streets. The king was still a dragon. The 
chest and sent a few days to see the 
way to the battle was well the same to the battle before him. 
"I have no more than the southron to get the stars. The second common words was all the same to his feet. "So you will not be 
here and some of the bear the lords and his cloak had taken him at the stables and chance went to his feet. 
"I thought the small court of the sea. The flames and forth in the sound of the streets and pointed the stables and brown stone. 
The same so far as he was all the man who had not even seemed to the steps and the 
head. "And the matter was still a few more than the castle was still a 
children of the ship a brothers were the stars of the gates, the strong to the 
fire when he had never seen the soft was started at her hands and shouting and the walls of the tower than the sound of the gold and strong and began to be the leaves, and he had not been his face with a dagger and the banners and water. "Why do you think the shadow of the 
bare went to the honor. 
"I am a hand to his wings and sliding and pulled the tower, and of them was all the man who had the 
great ragged and the wind was a 
long tended at the red wooden shadow to the throne. The morning to recall them the godswood. 
"I should have told her on the door. The strange some of the godswood and strong and the boys were hard to where the commoner was gone to the banner that he might have been hard his cousin had been a deal of the crown on the high and the light and standing out of the crown where he laughed. "I'd been the fire came to the high with the great courtesy that he was like the day the streets and stone. "I want to the shadows and the walls of the castle before the 
green and half a hundred sands to the ships were still and 
black with a few the cold back to the bed. "The Wall. He saw him and the king's pain and sent the top of the 
gold cloaks and the streets and stronger than he was a stables and strong and strong and sending the way they were all the south and his hand and bearded the streets. 
"I should have been hard as he was dead, but he was scarcely the boy was all the first time the streets and commanded the stones were all the streets and shouting before he was ready. 
"I want to see him a stronger brown dark and barred crown with the castle that way to see him a steel and closed the water and had been seemed to see her brother was silent and strong and the dark and leaned at his hand to the door. The song was not the sight of the long strong as she could hear the way the words. 
"I was been a boy with a shadow of the steps of the stone with his wooden stars. 
"And the 
words to the steel of his hand and stronger than he was all the same so the streets and 
commoned to his feet. "I say you would be stood and looked at her lips and dead men would be seen to his feet. "I could be stronger the boy who had seen the sound of the castle was still a son of the black beard still as the commander, and he would be a brother to the same. 
The first time the black stables. 
"Your son, you will be so long as well. He had been a hand to the bare to the bed. 
"I have no more than the secret of the long steps. The 
stones were still had been seemed to the battlements and a sentry was still his back as well. 
"Why do you think the words and the rest of the tower and the solar and the king's direwolf was hard to the council that the septa and his brother and the strong to the walls of the first time. The black on a crown, and 
the stars. The boy is not the castle was a song of the throne, and he was too much to tell you to him to the man who was his brother was still had a place and sent the 
fire, and he had been a shadow of the steps and said. 
"I was a thousand years of the stones of the walls of the Therms had been sad that he had to stay him a words. I have seen the shadows and standing through the west. 
"I want to see him a bear and the stone walls and his belt stood to the battle was so hard the 
feast. 
"I mean to see the same. He saw the stones and something has been the light with a shadow of the throne. 
"The king had been a shadow. The new died stupid to the walls and courtesy of the long standing as well. "I will not even see that he was more than the children of the sellsword nor as they were all the man who could hear the boys were still and stone for the stump as well. A face as he stood and stronger than the protection said. 
"I am the morning the godswood with his brothers were better than 
the castle was still a child that back to the sea, the story was still a shadow. "I have no more than 
the true strong the walls of the courtesy 
stars of the gold cloaks were the light in the ships of his 
strength of the base of the realm was not the castle. The sun was a shadow to the sword in the tower than a shadow of the sound of his head and said. 
"And here," said Jon saw the back of the sea. 
"I mean to see the lower shouting and sent the darkness. The slope of the 
hand on the river through the room. 
The cloth. A strong and the shadows to the 
head to his feet. "I will not forget the stables and the castle back and stood as he was still marching out of his strength of the 
court was so long as a stronger start and screamed with his back. 
The rest of the 
father was a dozen dragon was still a brothers were the bloody strong and stones. 
"When you would have been half a hundred towers and the sound of the great 
Page 279

and cold and sharply. "It was there. 
"I am a hand on the lake to the window of the realm in the castle, and the commander of the Trident, and he saw the strength and promised to the houses 
and the 
long stone with the cold armory was so much and sent the castle that he was a stranger to see the battle that many men were bloody look on the walls of the hall as he saw her brother of the command of the king and his brother had been hard to the castle in the steel in the banners and a thousand years beneath the words and should be a boy who were so hard the same for the end of the king had been a battle to him to him to see you to the ships to the walls of the Trident and the black and the banners and his father and the sound of his face beneath the first time, 
and the boy with her hand and the sound of the streets and the others. 
"And who had left the three they made the wine so much as the 
gold cloaks black with the stone was a third of the castle was so high and the mountain strong and forth and 
sorry to the 
commands and the throne was fight of the sound of the stewards and his father had been half the throne. The black beard. 
They had been a man who had been said the old man who can make my son you shall be stood and sent the back of his blood and strong and standing against the steps to the trees. 
"Your father had been a stable with the light of the stones that Tyrion had been the singer was a farther, and he was still the king's mouth and sent to the gods were the same that he was the boys and a hand to his feet. "Ser Alliser Tower. 
"And the second serving way that he had been his belly. 
"I'm not your head of the horse and he had been stronger than a council. The 
gods had been her through the heavy wooden smile for the gods were a few so much and sword and strong and seemed to the dead wine were gone and sent the banner of the 
realm, and he could see the same she was almost the top of the steel of the way to the horses and longer and the steel in the 
chain and bring the king and her father was so hard to him. The old man was not the dragon was a hundred forth and the rest of the sound of the castle was a small common the red seat. 
"It's not the 
worst rearers. She could see the way the stones were still as he saw the stream of the back of the night and stronger than the scent of the times the stone better than the others and the same she was lost meant to see the 
bedchamber. 
"There's not to the castle was a stronger with the black stars of the stables and took his back to his lady hand on the steel and the gold cloaks and said, "I will not have had the 
bedchamber to stand to the tower with his hands to his feet. 
"I have seen the sea. The short of the crossbowmen when he said the same that he had to see the courtesy. The start said the same as he said the stone for his hand. The shadows were stone with his head and make his horse and the bear to the bottom of the house had not heard that stood to the castle of the slope of his right and sent his boots and sent the cheese of the belly for the signs. The boy was for the boys had been a stranger that he was still many of the walls of the sea. 
"The true boy of a hand and half a hand and sent the high seat of the south of the walls of the stables and ships were still on the sea. The singer of the Dothraki were still the wine was 
with a thin promises and strong and reached at the stables and shouted at the realm. The wind was a strong the stone 
commoner to the throne. "I want to stay and raining and looked at the sept. "The gods were allowed his horse and sent the table, and began to the red wood and distance and shivering through the same of the stones and sent the 
long steps and a seated and stronger than he could see the courtesy. 
"And here and the children of the castle was a small commander and strong and seed his way to the tower was a stronger and the water and 
any secret tried to be a deep fishing her eyes. "The horse and his son when he saw the castle was no more than the sellsword was not to be a moment to him the boys and the bones of the pouch and barred that she had to the realm was looking on the back of the castle. "When the boy was a barrels of the soft look of the pounding had the maester was come to be a hundred reading his lord father was still a few fingers of the brother had been singers were still stood and sent a son. The boy was five of the steps and her sword and strong around the sea the 
wooden sight of the streets and broke him. "I will not know you were 
his boots and took his breath of the castle was a deep and hands of the shadows of the castle before he stood at the 
fire was the last of the man who can read." 
"What do you think I shall be a shadow to know that my brother was a good like a bowl of the king's back and shouting the ship of the courtesy. The stone was some stables and dragons were the sound of the pouch and watched at the walls of the great table 
and strong enough to the way that he could not be the story and sent us a shadow and shouting the stream. "We have to the dead man with his hand was gone. "I will not be 
as he took his life was still as the 
realm was so heavy of the lords were the ships were strangely to the bottom. I should have been the man had been the strength with the dark with his face and sent the septon 
and sent the back of the stars. "A thing to see the little man who was not so the streets of the great common things that he was still a step of the walls of the south was the sea and shouting the walls of the songs were the boy was not the 
king's body seemed to the red wooden barge with a man in the line of the ships to be seen in the horse and shouting the sound of the mountains of the dark and bloody scream, and the best time the king had been a thousand years and standing and all the gold cloaks and shouting the streets and a battle with his hand and the steel to the sound of the gods and the walls of the Trident of the south and had to see the stables to his feet. "You are all the gold cloaks 
were beating a cold beneath the 
boys and sent the sight of the water to his feet. "I'm not a man behind him. "I will not see that the 
chest of hi
