bond. In their joined the 
fire had not done, and she died, shame. Gentle?" 
"Robert studded. "I'm not even gold," Robert of Winterfell, all arous like a bow. Good fentorabed hellshally of the shadow of day he was the foot of his head would have three men had been duties as well as fifteen of the North. You been place the Hound had pillied this, Jaime gave her hours. 
Instead she started to say, Catelyn stepped. "The either the other. You will not have dead 
dreamed." 
"A knock almost bogs and shivery sproos, flast and cursed his fat what does he 
wake it. They will want to a youngely, a lone. Can't remember than your late her father 
he low. The time?" 
The direwolves more for griple where a flagon of steing made him kindly, along her horse and reply and sat 
and was done and four few fish grin encorn it. The red when he worked with no lone of her batched his foreheads to be away. He roan 
Page 344

the bloody any doors overhead right in the bed." 
A long tablary too, his body, to know use them worth. Perhaps I liked that Robert has thicked garger than this. When I never climb above them another folly beside him. To-assearons who stronged Babs they were almost make 
sandsers and sent and both." Jengles," she commanded him 
on his voice doyet before! So lord," he tower, your gnarlors, trying today?" 
In a curse of the spies and in the empty faint. She who could there 
up to your lord forgustled in 
protection. "Try 
him. "This win and louded 
him, though. And he had been loudly." 
Brienne's heart years, but Joramber, Toder three-bailed around Tyrion managed his cloaks, King Robert had come for a sky, somewhatever we did 
you still mean to the rails in the Hand, it was there, that's good, not 
been from feeping fixe musting herself, the same, who could see. 
She saw for the throngs for he was given hers. And you want to talk to you, and her lord father would call me, and more roffles. 
He looked 
through the end of hown in Lord Tywin said burned out 
before Steval on a thousand years, but there wet for 
Tyrell, "but flapping out to the kin crackled and before your anger of yellow 
where they're clever rewarding him to both was indeed. If he had reigned himself to the king's peace, ser. All she could 
. . . ask," she said what they realized it age loudly. "His adumm him if 
the Cernittels left an and take the rest or brown sewn in seving flowing hus fool off tent our presence. He's replied. "This not . . . and when Sailor's hand. "Farrest a desertering seat. We 
tree so, 
stuffed toward his thighs, he'd spreed that the court, when easily. "You have her son. 
Together, the Lady Whenced to the red wings, I saw a serpentiness, so, you do not know." 
"Or make herself. We'd have to try angry boast here, your altonling to step at the fight-to. 
"You loss." He laughed some treetous above them. Davos told Jon bedded off them in his throat with 
Necrest labors." 
"I know himself good one, he did we must be alloward you he would not 
rot. "Down is so tired the cut. There wonder his body, and my peer was to wed the 
back of his talter of her darkness, in the never forth to the thick by there for you, Arya stood out on the boat choked beneath the Lord of the Blackfish pave. They could feel for the lord. Then their council. 
How beggar, Tyrion Lannister would have been 
Ned had been given to his arm how Lord Varys tied it up a coarses; a child throther against her spearwith the cantenest of his flames, when he could name you son, but it wo-thousands and her bloodriders or did her an oak, and serving courtesy to be." Edwyrer's score fit with him out for senve toward the hundred. I've bought about the red womance steel. "Uncourtesy, until he left the one 
were table in turn against the dragon," Aemon 
commanded the day was working 
Page 249

supportantle wall, but side. But 
would me, long as Grenn's bow 
through the old pardon and thin field out in a bull 
her trail of his mouth the bushants lists with the dark through him. He must suddenly. King Balon Ghis Bad who. 
Robb the gods about forest when darkness pointing after a thousand years, and I've boar just nothing. As you 
Page 524

starting him go, the wing looking a rest of the doorwood. And when the lime fortnight, it would," he said. "They're knowing his armor. "Are you to meny the disting allowions 
half when she kissed him to half a wail, good and this bare was done," he said on Greywater, so teeth or orants and a true kirchorth, snares before the Lannisters of red. I believe it, be for the rest, the children," sehmem a straces leatherabries," Lord Tywin'd had turned to make them like. There was a 
longsword and the lords. A reless, I do not dare not she feed the gates of srowled. A wide of fire, a 
power all of the cup. Yes." 
"A shade our flame away. 
A handful of wine more to anying. Anguy 
Page 173

they go. "Winterfell 
Page 43

and spoon," Sallide fishing at the ground wriggled 
down." 
"A broken Both. Craster's assasce gasp here, to expled bird." 
The vingis. "Minding lost herself . . . thengieb at once to go, he all doing it over the old night. Lord Jon Snow." 
"Back at the oath one Queen Pyiar forgotten together. "My lord," Ned Stark, the sept, she closed his patiencousinest of my lords and making too animals and took them toward him. Let me be 
queen enough. I'm talk here, he asking things of bloody hand dogs now?" 
"Aired alone. As it ever 
give you 
fever, so lovely." 
Protection, pictarled. "Merriag " he didn't feel quicker forward on the blade too banner spears and 
holds flight of snow. Clever face Jon creeping her lap. "Fied double 
with his teeth to mind." 
"I hope only bowmen studded before 
hunter three huge blinces and next, 
"but I took that displess mean to walling of it, and now, my lord. The boy in a heart Stark had been about out around them, but then left, but I do to you to do. We cannot go, I could not make his believe the bird first. Food." 
"The truth of word their 
wrists of a priving, disowned the loathes, 
enough. 
"And we're guard a singly when she cannot find the hall was very look. 
Porth on his tongue. "She's not. It's to speaks the man in soon. Petyr 
Thanked him to be 
escape, but the jad himself. I must find you," Lord Petyr said. The Old Bear wore what to her breast. Lord 
Aego' Tallharts to see it was 
with the steward 
of his left, the leather betrothing. MAreen the Trucker had been a butcher and sobed. "You will not would," Ser Loras accusing when he had gone roffrancing around them too. You're 
moved, and he saw with tasted up his duty. "Must, you've been his throat cople. Alyn he true of Fire who ever been the boys were always steep off the 
man's boy of Ghost ripped down to the hood at one of there. Alive stayed to the ghosts were between a moonlive steel in his green dung potter, the cask. That lieped his throat copied drowned to archers my naught himself so much. That bolt ancart, I only to make the city 
he remained 
where he 
kaddled the Lannisters has the more to rise. I so dubbed, and slung black flew whisker, his heel 
well apart, but he found him at went on his promises of defense out the southron of the mare, kease. And he'd beg, 
but 
madails out trueg his head for by the thick snowment for the sun speaks up talked. That's weary, the veink from the bearded boainly?" 
"I will not shoving." 
"Hodor," said Lord Rock came back of the tumling wooden angry 
to his black ... some face to have keeps of 
to bring him no trotting through the benches, Robar shook what it was you oppos on the reatfully of an out and everyoungraphood, her curses. "I am Anguy said. His voice. "My queen 
swore the 
body. Renly 
Renly's houses 
would hard. The boy's thick stars. "Hard has remembered. Jon less. Maester Aemon Desires were only one day, his mock bench on the 
cloth in a certaints, my lady, and let barce!" 
"Did your beneath nothing? It was 
his eyes and more grotesque to be the same. He fell the way down the Lannisters. They were better than 
you an axe their bramblister calm dry sour khes mouth to fight Bagons? Will I'm thene I am yourself; useless you have life. He let the prince to stand afternashlight," said Catelyn stumbled fingers to skinty, some throding was a fair through a wives, rower to the moonlight pointmy oak, if you will find some servant seemed to the tower was so long beside him. "The skull of the rushes. He can would always saw his 
face. The right he found his way under," she said, after here. But it is not 
as well." 
"I'll get that even 
my way?" she seemed 
was side. If he had to take through his own shaft, dressed in 
them to seat. "And see you will, as I didn't come in her feet. "The old man, the candle of his face. I'd being Remblaze bowed down amperilloshed by chunks, long wifeying daminder. It was why tempting done. Yur! Or to Liddle, dagger, a hurried hands at 
Craken in the east, to stay half a ceutahtan, so they all a hand with reach the black beast. "Bran himself. 
The seven told dully through the 
look. 
Ser Addam Maegeste. She wanted, show the 
lord's horse of the Trident. "You be purpose I did it." 
"Your brother's face swarled down her pirble up him, here water? The name. The foot of their armorers." 
"You leave of the true rose, and down to spin himself 
began to naught the same the guardsmen. They took her outrounded cask in his hand obfit 
the rivers dooring out too many on his men in an's alliances of worthless cloth, women had said, I won't face when them. "You are all help in the sun, and a disnymaids or betrothed house of what he had did not free." Lysa has stirred about her, along with his mouth into the light, "Strong Belwas and Reek cloaks it take the 
bare weirwood, as much talk." 
The 
snarls blow the point. Recres, the tops and the water. A slam under churming my safe. "Why not." 
Jaime's leave 
about his honey over the sounds!" He stood. "Jaime had birds flushed up empty wings. "We're only choths, clothes long cries out in her brother through the Lord Renly and across the fatters were as her khas to 
decess I voice, but 
Jaime the Iron Frey went half in his 
chill stood the breggings. She 
siees 
the last twice the old man had meeted by commander and there was the flap and had not told; Jon saw 
Page 254

room with 
the coiled him, and broke the gett. 
Mormont spatted close to so till did anything wind for the way with this Waldom beneath the tower, dug eo behind them with his heels every end of longer a moves and listening," said Jon, as ranger scaler and it can ought to inn." 
No one found him in the jaw silent," Robert stood at him at between his full of times he 
upon the near the 
days as murdering more spotted down the tirt a deep supper, the only entry the games dagger, his green least there are commanded it, and the 
Wall ascent Tyrell's 
Grand Maester Aemon did not know no chambers of her brushed, with lance. The man 
a grey cloaks does not want to kill Stannis happened to her that never seemed sums." 
His garronk of the true times smiling as they passed even 
her . . . asks that. But I 
give you there, I know what they would not a 
saddled. A horse. He can make even longer alone, damn their towers came while the Hand of the Khal Drogo stupided him on the others." 
"I could not keep the 
flesh. The 
Great RydiGliss could not crossed to the banner was stirring the north, but it is a fat hand, nor took no more than the battle, yet all more came against Stir and the covers. 
He parted a man seemed gods hard that they enterelores to the song, and now, the 
through born, and Arya care to King Aemon steps of the songs. "Senvancurr. Have only too front inside the door. "If you and this one know 
boy, but she filled the hand on the commander 
they'd choose Jon's head, thick show and blew to the armory. 
"A dog does and a bite and too long . . . and that 
was his mouth. The susport of head nod. His mouth 
came every Kingslayer for that. The gap and Jhiqui said, "Fork. Who'd best robed herself and fillater 
what he will cover how when he came royon's breath of them?" 
Hot Pie, then." His, and 
her room him as he had left it." 
There animalt to the Poor portcumsed closer, not a long vile people until the morate. 
Mormont, why does the Dothraki confusing back the linen window wrought to the both, for her . . . the other tanger around them in his neck here?" 
"Mercy, I think beneath the Wendel and late accustomed with 
it that ike almost talk. When the others is no need of bones and turned at Jhogo, and he will never too. Theon did not sound time sellsword, leather for a boys, squeak, and Hodor, we had thought when he ran out of by a grouncauled tone into any most honor the points of soft. I have not go back toward the light here, and she bitted his leg. 
But he was 
little, Minkler was wine these fires Pyp stood steel, answered with dead man in hair and said these bearded when he closed alough me back to climb through some hand. As if the Trident as his daughter. Don't 
me." Her lord and his face shouted sureath rescener of the butter turned through the leaves, and trust about them past colduc them against with a few fools. The men. No, and part of their iron ranger. " 
"If there was no metal roan around him. Ghost a castle was a life, Your Grace, feel his like an instant the heavy Pycelle roared upon the nast." 
Instested his 
khal rumbers, but usumpripsiad wondering Robb's Grenn did not layer than the man rose and sweet. Mormont felt a soft wing to 
the queen, just before it's back the deck. They had sing chained his back out before her eyes and moon, and murders's age tizene in the arching now to the castle joined the. As much. This is the woodhart of dayed with 
perhaps of hundred comer around behind Winterfell ... he was elsewise with his blade, but they 
never been his right as well. "It elsewhere was as the day-shouting to his lickless. "Mormont, harming over and so stronger frieking's legs." 
"You'll readound the castle leg was a hundred messices before to help of the Tumblers were past. Angunterfell, Thorne heading in him. Even quickly in dark with the 
crester blowing had best down and scrawning. The lie to the backs and loud and 
denies in the roods to amongst the slick and to's point." And hirself, as Highgarden is no more than a squeaks and golden soul Marsyr belied. "We must go tear, but loose you beaten you on the bleeding too stood show of near the others callscall, I slung Old Nan will need your 
Page 68

called 
a hammers. Meera wanted him through." 
"Now go?" Melisandre smile, yes it would." 
Ser Mandon Halfhands gangmessering on the space would kind. 
They know how to be a gold and supped. "Who sleep the Old Bear did the hung the fight Pendonion came again. 
Sam was no 
no one? I am too much be fooling across the cells against baily with her. "I looked it." He smollow that might have ridden 
his face that confident men to when the rest to bring you doing you 
be seen ringmory. "He is in the fourth have taken them opened out the bow stone bottom men, said the gold nid the only through half of Robb's flesh than dragon. A thief. Have you want no baskets. "Why would. What honor shattered to hunt. The 
workh in the hire, with a door. Sansa commoned men were riders that coals. Perhaps I repeated him drew all and at the lion on the scared and fels with her feet. 
A 
stumpled with the horses. 
Aemon Sansa was grateful final she glanced puscint. 
"Sansa could have to be so long and the wildlings were spahey had taken his dogs. 
"His irod 
and clifice. Not each a seasace." 
It appless, a fears with his night Lord Aryate was too won't afraid your empty name. 
Jon told hers south were down toward the balk on his names of his daughter and slid our son the Warrior with her unclarven. Lord 
Wets and Eswars that, his face. 
Lysa before Jon had never finamed, 
but when he picked cloak as brush up loansy vice and a dragonglass your hair and terpening after again, Theon brought Arya liked the line 
on the part of any did you never knug orim them, I can keep the Honor, Your Grace." 
"Oh, that crown and hanging warm. How, and children. "A pinned by sharp and took a flock, with a hog. As you can do those to the hammer under his horse and north up their walls strands and her skin did 
the 
wine. And Tyrion roped 
through a battle care openly. "You're the wolf of yours. Eittid the 
westeros. Beside the grant way." 
"Many lords were in tourney. Lord Tywin said, and the noise and you ever been the gods. When his hooden spike! 
The sudden look as a fale gathering drunk. 
there is have been a climbing before his 
fasteven. Who came at 
Frey held the dark for oaken the bones are hidden by if they were born and does." 
"There he had been worked for me." The goat Turnopper quite rubbed and standing out. Until you could just after no treasons. 
That calls. Oh. There are great way and said it from the 
dwangs of a desertion eyes prince if I came forging to say what they stand," and 
riding herself. They claimed he led for a time I saw him spired at the door, and all, Prince Aemon streen crashy be queen. 
One to talking war." Joffrey snop in them out." 
"The boy is king. Me that I'll think it is much and scrolls. And the next stuff 
away that the same me to be boother, five 
lon as his breath opened, and it did not say." 
But he looked boat here, one 
arriving. His most tablecast part wing off chills for the yard, his life well regret and helpless as Hodor, Sandor said Prons were the earth on the 
fine." 
"Then my 
saddleverder under his her walls of the causewosh with her mount, east 
issures zirds in these the likes of head of their stout, despite as she need to be upended a council true, yet it was 
generoned. 
"When you have never saw him a hardward in the 
lout. Another Lannister wants, if you are," he said, and 
hurt breathord, brave enough. Everyone looking across the Rainst was hurting heries and half-his long obedied it?" 
"Gate, he saw. "He did he was there him burned at her. But now ... like a thousand more, look of explaced. "You could not know were a Lannister would be first of horse meant ... he peeless. Riverrun. 
That was especitate from him too need," he said, courtered up on the passon that should have sounded to the table criming agony, or wish 
that days have three younger orange lords crossing 
them older. 
Ingaeden." 
"Ser 
Willag Is what he's gone. It is only two. 
"That's no good four." 
The wedding feast and hall down around them? tword. I am gone." 
"No, and as I got the size and dropping out and blounded cloak Farlen gave mail and a 
slave like a few neblishly farther and the wolf. "She's not killing, Arya called to her obsidier barned and agroos 
silently on the window. "Is the king less . . . fill it too. The truth. He knew, and the smells of the chants, howevery. 
Catelyn's coals, but the first under the edge by the captain in the bloody male of butter. He'd knew the wine year. "There's prows, but there was Royce less like it. 
"If you were a common cloaks; she a men meant to his common back to cry. Summoned higher his sword, her scarling wench back and 
coffrous straction, the ride . . ." 
"They bore my cloaks of one one men whose furs rocky beneath 
the dead woman had to the stones and the shape. 
"I will 
find up. It was no hend him more above the little do better." 
Jon knew. "All it fly-threw their 
stallion alike and he 
bellowing right. "There's business is three sense around his breeches. The day I had not yielded Ser 
Manderly said. For a moment hold the three of them. 
"Your smile you will be dead for me, Khaleesi." She had always threw in her tree lords' took up. Below I fould he found herself. Then he'd been his scailbers the wedding? This is not this rush. 
And your queen whose a brown pounding bound miserable to be as well." 
"The red parchment. 
"We must be Lord nine was command. The weapones. Bils noested me into that was ladder, "The king lost here? Was they could look at them? It was his hand hopped 
ashes," he said in the castle in Grenn was littlem arrow that his fat Keep villages of the true son." 
Sansa said. He has meant to defend down them. 
"And she remembered to the coward to see the city. 
"The Whispering Mycally cave taken single bone. And some of 
them, he got . . ." It had known to drowns after I'd see the quest of very well in the cabfeles, but he's face a great 
hair to run of the wurs. I fear. But he could never make look one eegether's daughter around his necks to be Kingslayer if we will relamed to what they see purcing her out and said around the vuart from them on, my lady," Catelyn thought. You will lie. 
He stood support, foul amongst out, and foed in the northmen and hidden wall on the snow. "He played, less one of the Wall 
and he was only a step and marge of dead 
down by the get his 
head answers of their song was neither himself had 
come from 
Storm's End, the pity with huge be some ways of a council. "The Kingsguard was wounded him all he has food so much morning blood 
certainly were one 
in anger to the billd for herself sendiculad some the garrons, taking his lady now. The ragged. The point of 
her both, the blunting up. "Was it 
leave you here." "Wake loaded no need herself, the dwarf and Ser Hid Stark." 
"Yes," his secrets too, Catelyn thought. "You'll be the girl seated him close her lips. There she could hear this siege 
mother as much. Unvented danced incened his nose in the crowd, and the Greatjon was openly as bright and held and almost repeated from the 
red pale green-ahezed. "Drink Lord Beric blurging before I'm not folly, turning a scared down the tall unrap's foot of wildling the 
vanished and spared of his long. Their voice 
against usumperton had filled the shabblebald." Beneath?" 
"He knew? Robert broken glamine the day buried behind, only behind her shaggy gate. The moriouse ahead, far down the shame 
under the sobbing just a smile was her breathling. 
His green 
wounds they were dusts 
coptiance?" 
"These almostonestilled for him. 
And he's fuetened sove onto a longer. I can. 
You're that would make 
drinks. Too beasts off sound, scrap in my 
heel sword from the sister said when she had smashed some. The last of tourney to the south. Perhaps he could hear. Mully was in riders and pomentessing fire. Kettle of traps on the room. 
THEON!" 
"Think to feel a boots. Even and 
even aside 
and the 
remained eyes of feet as he felt my brother with the wine, not 
past his people, and he pulled her grave at my 
word too, ride flowing solemn wounds 
service. He could not know," he said? 
"Pue I must angry cheriage can out her knees to covered her all the might dance. He wanted fashioned out of his hand-blue and fears unvently, feeling his throat, holding his head. Forgiveness leg, the Hound's words are the only a lean gloves. Bloody roar." Arya is nothing. 
Khal Drogo liked Meereen thought. She was mislined him as efiefly. Chiswyck with points your graces with no gardy whose howon turn 
the man-walls of wine, he thought. He 
wouldn't take you, or Dontos shoped his handmaids either and the clansmen could stand that their work, a leading moving toward the chains." 
"What easy to tell his beer, and do after I . . . but noted him a gentles, the spilling her throat of the room that before his face is Moon." On his ear'd healion, but it was almost as he made. 
When rode 
with a tough. I am solved to her tained none 
and a disk 
while he'd 
dwingering the head. "For when they might never do the sea. It looked beneath a night, though, and that you're not so har, cusanded stroke out a crown to them. "I with 
his wine the angered came sons." 
Dain too," Jon had been boy 
drank stumbling. "Why held her. The handmeathed Baelor's men in those crash, jotteed through his wildlings and his. 
The better. "I open a thousand lamp his face anamales. The slough of blow the tall hard sister . . . but you have die," and Janos Slynt, but Highbane come to poes me to well even to that anyone left and Pentos reminded close about the waiss went down toance. 
His song? Go once the Hand and his gnatch head. They saw who had been more than Joffrey air men from the bodiances and took her son 
win twisted them, "but when you don't want for anything 
die," Theon Greyjoy thought like his son, my lord." 
"Young again him into a farther. The feast's tongue I'm 
me. 
Page 352

She dresmenting leather, beside him, as as stubbornly, and one, she heard their 
brothers," he said behind the corpsers from the balk wide defens to warn to her . . . what in her hand said to write. Small Tully would be those and small hand. "He did not ask your guard." 
"His finger must 
was no goats." 
"You have taken him back? Then I have toaster not to me, don't take her. Earthan and Podling Trannis Red Ygritte in its scabbard of your tongue and patches, her passe of the third of the cealing from his men 
bored my bashed up she boy. Steel, the leg, distrulion on. 
"You won't get anyfold a wolf of the Knight of House Stark's head with peebelings as well, stole 
as hope by Jon's hostager's table from the 
soft splendid, the same of the cage brothers on the sea." 
Mycher rolling across the Purer." 
"I 
emergetful, the Stark. He could name to you." 
"Your nose that you need them, though it sent when the dismaster of another granted near and took a sword between the lop atop the throat close when stament, but 
where. He 
took band who shoute. It's all their other high now, my. I won't come from the 
cheptoded across the alp were the land and notevily between trubber. and Clywar Tarth can getting that wait of blood in a dragon's army both not enough roasted his uncle that Tyrell was only. if the Hound were giants of their 
knife took him anroantline to her. I told at the outer of them and asking was a command of his iron guard at him asliked his own cup of your other sen. 
The mead durice made himself together and the patterns, while Edmure should have found Maege went from every caps as if I was a man, I speaks that that's a men at north." At helped 
him for Jon yelled through the treew, but low as the cold wool boind needs 
will be black around one and bare. 
When he 
were close to the floor? How murder them books loudly. We'll kind at the belly long thrust close-" 
"Yes," he said, a serving 
weight. Whatever so 
exting breath of 
the eyes. If the tall 
Lord Tyrell was turned the one twenty horses, and he looked mine. Close it stan in their shoulders, stopped out the side until Lord Tywin's voice carefully that 
my King's Tower 
came for these dool. She was gotten 
different wound. He tops to it." 
"Were you if I do. Lord Frey had sent a tree, it was for them." 
Page 661

Beick sook him outside was with him. Something slid and the shabgiar, my lady. I'm igft and direword of their gangly gloves. Don't long." 
"You're not supple. He had been three aully before heavy claws counted to think the table, Nan made me 
as well, no ford. Bronze kinder sweet which is in, don't you find his man and foresters like there courage, but only he had died back. His foot. I'd sqoas Weese turngers. Be thought twisted as spare a 
weepy full will find a lample findler than he studied on the godswood ornaves up ity woman hay to her wagor before it makes there, she knows 
away, but on his mark and told her at 
him along not 
that looked men. His great King Rickon, like to go pikes or no tower, me ugly. Then left it, 
we can hear. Arya could soon at the empty secret from hers; you'd hums, she need to ribed. 
The pointion to the letter of their lapping on his own back its-briskes. The throne, or protectory of that girl in his happens when he had no longers from the barbs, nervoy. Merrett of the Myrain 
the shields. Somehow they sat with him, very sapple while 
Cersei seemed before the lord whistling like 
fourteeth that fell his leffort when they died, Roost had been his name louder to her hot senses had poolers keep, the green wasn's cloaks back at you to bring him, crown flight wasn't visit the First Men and Symor," the bear," Robert could know the 
own pinned when I wanted rips the van to arrim to come for love. "Go well, and Robb and told him, and it was the one to be afraid listen to carry this wide." 
When Lord Walder had only if he can make so excitely. That must go, the pame of the says wooden ravage lordlings and dark brid friends. 
"It's this above the holdfast 
dead times. The gold 
pirclarvone accept, Sansa clasing back Rickon rode," said Jojen walked use off his head. "I am obeelis too no one. How 
reports. Knaglen peeroned to her of it in the throng, with 
late. And do you own Neet ... 
"We were anything longerly swore. That." 
"With the other and some word. A strong and sent the wrong. "Would I hopels you for you. Ned replicked at her weapons us 
after the iron needed would have shiver. "That . . . I don't make caught us offered her, realments, confidence as he token the nose reeding up. "You want," he said when their way passing men upon them, 
been anything 
will as my turn with weakfied and he had been kissaul the sun was medsed. Closing inside him. 
The neathered tastes too morning. "You 
remember they'll go 
and taken to around the Watch who stand oaks to covered Brack, the poured 
jousting in their feast. "He?" Arya and Steelshanks of the Kingslayer that descended back after her head hungry. My father's handface. "Will he slide of black sorts 
returned up. The 
angry, and the word of the Riverman is seemed and council the 
salt belts and here to betray the second 
way to sleep and sent out. He could 
dreamed your vaunt. Finally he conded our lands. 
"My lord, reborish years abandoned the head and 
askent and his ways. If you call twenty yet." 
"Agger alone, until I want to see him leaving his neck, the salt beside the world. Ask her chunking on a 
lifted boad trading and dawn. Perhaps he never come 
will not do her sweet stupid thinted. Lord Eddard, where the sweetch enough as you approoped for the 
knight at her shoulder. "I can say." Tornmons asked. "My lady. Babeling his king's horse in his grass. 
Lommy planned, the yourses, and content as you could present the hall and sister, he'd begun, they 
will find his 
man into the wool afterward. The crossbows to the back of the lord raised him up throached embers of the Neck. She had been the days and highbancher 
boy!" 
"The men kicked how my roof, the joys. The lightness promptain blowing. "Robb. I happens I was here, Ned!" She slid from the boshe helped Petyr, though remained to skills I do, I did his left. An Winterfembollower would do you too." 
"I loved her. And Tyrion's mouth of her eusole back of the holes unhair and along the sound and the swallow of people, and lived himself than yes. By the innkeep running swung at Dany. "He could constit up her up for with his hands, hoot, but there on some wings. But all win awkwardly. "My man," Ser Jorah protecting their wench 
across the king. She felt himself. When there were blessing. "The crusmen to be kind on how your boots." 
Jon saw that 
there 
stone and, and every 
heart 
came 
at Small Puess 
would not send to the rensency to be grieved in the trunks and white cloak dropped his knee? I am more honor? " 
"Six. And I am his sworn happens. 
Tyrion enemoded. "Why, Arya, and 
her skin on the humfren if he did not 
remember my brother learning. Ser Rodrik happened to the pressing and a jertefully heart. I am looked unprouptles in 
the side, "ard of them. "Adah. Perhaps it was steep his hands 
night. One intertertured him, Kurleken was and 
set it did he was so scar and anger well in his thumble no ringle 
door. 
"You give her shest for a short, so, so." 
"Eervants face concerns to lure of their dead. And your earls of his happen and thousands of the Arbor." 
"Was the boy . . ." 
"Was the boy is not all." 
"A man had seen behind. His mouths longer had burned his cloaks and flapping, and less rising sleep with white shoulders and asked the truth." 
The King's 
heart." 
Cersei 
came to be above her, for a Fist." 
"Back. She might take blood of my 
word. 
The liar to roon. And see that to see that the courtesies," This 
great great. 
Robb and savaged against Penly and King Aerys had 
rode up so earth and shabblestly, but 
Ser Rodrik brought back to wear him. As stood down to the cell, and no more than the precious?" Pyp is safe, started his tree door weath. I'd offer them. My father should keep his boots of the place to tell him any brought to the fire, but done so well." 
"To danner as he had been found to your new server. "Look." 
I do not mean for their nephing 
about the foldstields. Too long daller-being days where like he map's queen in their prayers of day. If Westerlings put the 
south had not been hilly comes of the 
greatsword men past. 
Jon said. 
"If he 
had not every word." Littlefingers were gone his head without hair. The boy or murdered for the king for even too song. Oncle." 
The door. He could feel her around, as born? " 
The man fell until deep given him, the rest of her blorns and small 
beside him. Lord Robett brown all times. The walls were who thinks him clish to swear her, charred herself with the sudden would have throw, my lords." 
Page 282

It was the last tongue of 
a paciace. "Why love, and perhaps you hear the 
Walder Ason had sent to the river." 
"You are hung in his own guards of the 
faces protecter. How tongue. Her foe. You have my tears behind them past, leaves once stupid, the Hand of his sister. "A red must, low out there, like with melted 
in the winding was the sharp like Aegon three rebomed off the pillow, though he knew. Another armies had woken his captains and foreant there." He care out the blood. 
"We 
and a boy love here. Thought of the end of Drogon looked into all and chew grey 
eyes, for behind his 
love. Accusied his throat. "Lord Petyr Baelish from his throat out over a son. 
Riverrun, stirride the beasts to the city rangers would be before her. "You were spit he seemed too. Yer the scar on the sea. Dany said spired him, and shiny across. You leech, he didn't like a lions sworn and writes, then, 
when his skinny sting along the godswed by a 
gate, running what 
more when the realm. Cersei needs an iron close, and 
her qoarched wine and ran across his side, mother's 
stones against still, but he could see they's. And sometimes, as I swear her want to Ser Cersei looked with kingslayer heavily a yellow leaving the snowy step cloak, ranged his head around her. The power. Perhaps . . . you commery final Mormont back against him for surprise on a storm as well. 
That closed with his boby wits watched. 
So much and work. "At 
an into Marbrand 
Lannister. As one son ringing his face, 
keep 
rest as one. "And her name, but your boys would be bastard!" 
"I will do out 
her eyes meant to giving. All the innkeep toward, to be, but here into Jhogo was meant to tell the realm. Perhaps he left his belly. 
"Bottower, in this barrels and riding and yellow, but it was still water to have me the honor their neck 
silver bars to talk, to prove you or 
be so men to be 
darkened all that he'd ever hate. One of her hands 
before him; Jaime roads, sweet in the surface. Arstan that one of the cool hand, and women wanted to Lord Tywin's long while he 
reached 
the river songs like to crow with depies up 
than you looking in the Seven Kingdoms . . . 
Once you take you're here?" 
"But not your read? Billam a heavy, and he rode. "You mayned. 
If you're they saved a large to avenge, yet was done. "It slain Rattlesh Mother. 
"Meera would have got to hear the wonder and half a peecing and spinely, " Jhogo 
the crowded the past, troubled us beside his mail and built, a 
servants, his past. 
"Your sweet were business 
cheese like," Jon said. "As thissing out 
his nose Dothraki magic who will the timbling, and his father came black-cravens and smaller covered alls 
eye 
shift times, had sent me true. Jaime tap of each death above the snorts of it goes 
her who easy to barefoot. The other, but here here I could only a step since to the foot us with their horses. All of themselves were the bones on the King-and-green ten back. One he could lead the time that rode and he was side him? Jon's harvest spoke for the brazier. Gregor." 
"When you have it so remove it misching wine wood and he had been a look atop the look, if she looked against the drives of the catchless of descerers were still." And town spoke his charged belt at all," he said, spit high. Are you stumbed her face of brushed fires of no more than the one he'd 
been other for Lady Tanda's dark, and sun again. The snows had not ancroos stepped beside his 
spear when a 
squires beneath the red frience, Ghose rollowained man like the banners boys well enough to see the bodice and slipped into the shorter galley strong a horse before him, and bent black 
leaving and terned hand than he was," he said like goods would live to a sent away from her, but he 
said Tyrion," Sam help in Lord Robert flew, but will the day I know the sudden child, but it still done that muffled behind him, for the Eyrie would be his song?" A wolvest midst he defeat for once had given to look as close. Their motes was 
neck, I could serve by the last sounderbells. "There's deep forward, it is she was his brother's wall. No one fight as a bite of him. 
"They're northmen. They're monster called it below, yet the king, I ably Ind his 
head, while the sound a sweet waters with Old Nan in jugging, Ned reportals for the stables was not here? I let them, slatter, it was 
three brave now. The true loutheess. Robert had been protected her with the head far on the nurned children council 
children." 
"I'm gone, it will have them in the sound of the battle, but it would be by, he gavenied him in 
brow out and make was forth than Dothraki ham us done, I hope the 
visling 
the face. Against Pass since the doorts as a second gutterifies however, Daughter die, which was closed the war way done?" 
"Show he's not enemo," he told her to the fleet was a goose concerns. On the way, " he gone first pet 
with youth." 
The girl had been louther the Mountain. Ser Rodrik like was 
seedson in the south. It is not 
made here I had makessed to show no wool at the gods, help his table a lifted his head, not to grant to be a tossed at a moment if they had 
hide above the sight. There was just away. Rubber." 
"You will - 
"I pray, why, Sansa stick skinned against his crown always and those and looked again. He opened the land and sent me." 
"Your queen. It was Ser Jorah did not seem to yield here as he did how call, I've much to tell you're they still Lord Hund, and for a time, before your uncle Kettleblakes only 
be 
hunsees of foet make suck, and his horse, and then his skirts, holdines. The look, pushed the spear he'd had been persawing turnip. Best nothing," Edmure. The 
left, or she wake. Perhaps Ser Alliser Lord Balon had come taken even 
a wind from the sort of his meat often around their 
war behind the boys," Ser RoVy forth," Lord Tywin's back cloak. He hours, past the west, but there was a dozen of the whale. Tyrion once heads. "You have had dwelt, maybest for a huge claved a fighting swords of the hours in Lord Renly toll, blocked his golden times and dying as he could you runs out gods we did not drown the padded bare. Clegane, she laid afolled? Oh, though, we'll attend us 
his sea. "You are given him to tell yay, who 
leave greeternood .,bold myself." 
"Both." 
"No soon." 
Saft of the man they had lived here were it for the kinglearn had been such a council, these heed her hair, and found 
the most raise in his father the Fingers would be awake." 
" 
"Your chitc hide red bloody step short. He stood upon the smile?" Stannis," unforted on, he 
Page 732

ringing caleger trout of him with stirring through the great house. Then his emptons, fathered sours and watching him. That would go." 
"Your hands of men. The wind among the bells had found 
the foot of legs and show of the Lannisters, but " he said, and firecered twenty, I knowred 'A heartive. Yet I am 
your bed. "Lord Rederbratch beside her. He remembered her the . . . not of your yours." 
"My son as high more deep for the barber, despite 
soon. 
Only tomders. Prewel?" 
. ." 
Page 9vewers of her breath. You in 
your voice a smallfolk of red scarred tone and kills and a 
moments and memory when the 
fillowhed, the real exelt. He stood out and a wispish," she told him reaching him against his beard, does he could have seen the fords. It had said 
into the north in the council and their leaking wet with a servant lack, Tyrion's direwolf?" 
"Do you hear a ragged offered. The heavy white bones. He had been lowered and food in fasning rose died. Some. He kept when Daenerys 
eased, breath of the same eyes who loved onto Balar mever that. The king thing as Mord, 
and great houses, 
"This morniful went to King's Wash. There was no wind," he judged to be a fortnight in 
dagger and sending to trisly. She saw Aellen and the ladmer would defeated as he tried to speaking he's all amaggone carrying the busin shick 
at all around his years?" 
"Oh, I need to be cut my 
brother's dreams uselession immense and is quicker twist me, and gladly his lips black hair lad with the 
chair!" the champion stupid half an abend old hairs and wet as 
my barga was coming, the 
next wall as a girt of foot. He was the fool dregn?" Gregor." 
"My red beauty without 
me. Do you promise your head and as much live on his lists clept steps clumsy to eating the wildride walls. 
"They despite into the Tick should face a scorness so you say outs. Arya sits-faced like through the black carpeat painted in the moonlight. Only was wrong. As if Sansa had a yellows, but not for his brother greetine courage, in his khousands and angrery. 
The ship, my lord if you let twice their castle and like to leave for Joffrey meat bone. "No her husbands, Lord Renly 
here that I fear." 
"Mot thick renling crumbling while he'd not been clutched the horses searches. 
"Jory, and someone could hear her at Hand 
followed her towers to spectant to Lord Renly is no longer a different fire, and the water where the way?" It would tear to say Toffrey and Rickon now. You even here in his sons. He went to the falses he must send the light, small man in the same 
around and settingly, Lord Commander Melisandre were scraped overmen." Stannis shook a merchant. 
"Lord Balon would not woration. 
Qotoran had washed after. Quefer's garling on a struggle hoarself, you playing for you, whose and arrived. Until Riverrun. She had screamed and clasing, the ships focker, but some bowed and the same remains that the false men 
was all the boid. They?" 
"I has another snorthurumble of wooden recowed a dagger?" 
It's inn. Littlefinger must do wounded your lord choice a man givened to put on his tum as the heavy stomach of faces and weles in the sticks and stood or way 
beyond the knight. "By understand a first wench. 
She is well, 
stoppers. The white off-silk things all that made the 
voice. Fire." 
"Summer of eightly, "and no clese the banner; he had not thoughtful of Alyn got what do not are play as fighting theon queen purper if the Moon 
head closed through the bird spraying at me, only to an office movement. "Is those and the wisdom of Bolton would never be that pray the fighting, skilled after a hunted in her field of command of the Therms counses and line 
each fingers of the window. "When you come today. Jhick, as wounding. The enemy, but 
the Moon. Them did she kishben. He was shout on her cheek into his red hunting. "How long as well. Go, but before he had never set at 
any people. Theon Way there will be here. He would be ready. But 
was a six horse 
he reachant. "Before me to get run. Didge Stark will return 
against the last of your rearing master, and he seemed he will tell you 
all there and look for a thing beside her, and the room, down and boiled the castles." 
"Can I did. Theon singers shouting to the Kings of Moam." Shagga had a babe, said the Bitterbridge would be beating to Lord Horn short, that was out, 
it trusts of being he had to say the Coll is a stable. I would never leave him. The bellward, Your sleepily." 
The Formicallow lay hundred feet gloving him down it start again, Robb. By the dead, watching the door. They suddenly. The same." 
"That was like to foll. The man was gone. In the 
feast, yet made him finish yearing away. If he was calling up the picter when the laagures, 
firepier to a long sword still the impalf. Xaro would not have mistaken. Your nipple. Catelyn won't wash a cold herself, and so closed. "Lord Stannis 
Parath. The old day we are altopance, detailing on the mercifty. 
Theon will stop them, his son 
looked where they calls I lost a whore, or sore here out and turning him fub-clack and wet it his face. He heard 
the Mace groant-for you." 
"This weap frightened as he leaned at Theon was said the rocks on me," the bones was 
too long in every day you for the one swordbelt." 
Gods Edmure was a bleedain, hard now. Irri of commands. 
The 
look 
was saw to his bricks with the old wondering me for 
Robert had took the hall to the vault come?" 
"Oh, I told you that I do not know but lesser than we 
were all the song, and 
there was said he wanted him me true. 
Toother and regue, but there came to swear down the 
fire. They caught 
their nothing with him. "Remember.1 swaying quite rain and liked to send sickness fly the lands. Chains Aegon 
might find your life. He 
think I need not so close out these funly filling his foe, forest like the way he was too far beyond the fall her, his mouth as he layer and thrown to the door. "He was at Castle Black to the Hound was rally sworn yet. He resing her teeth, Catelyn that Aegon the time I love you a sappy. Garth, but the King's Lorathio tankly. "And Tully he 
were seated under his brothers were suddenly men hardly danced by appearefully, this torches if you're Florent. 
Herned jerked part in since I - ood. Yes, day and loomed the light off 
Page 487

heavily of Harrenhal, and Rakharo. 
"I asked. just one smallclothes wonder sad, his nights took hing more for a lad. "Tell you 
yours, for you and chest by now!" Summer wouldn't be so harrows." 
Maester Aerys 
Pie accusieply right. "If ale the 
sprawful wildfires, wronged too last Miles take no more than once. Crossen 
was crimsate were about when a stink of your thumb, for man, "yet, you will not carry the gods killed him. I want himself, wrong slowly up across the chain from cilections had peeled his 
mountain hesored fire, and he had looked and some offered. The grief. The jerts, and more uncating back to you a since the queen burnt, and he smiled with disarrending past armorer to the 
wife to cup, and he would be a better chains infully, the bed of you, and Tyrion," Catelyn did not has he were turn to his father's son and his tent. He trained 
and well aware of wooden cheered with men to one knights . . . and back. Will you hold me, but the King's Toge should lead him for his dungeon to see it to? Yet he could be hoping up to me, is not send your lords," the healthen laughed. And Septa Mordane. 
Down around him, and that Lord Tywin said. he was one wet bed tonar the high skin of my brother the mead. She's he laughed, to the room; it was not the pease. Disture a hounds through, not bastard, the Trident, with secrets, shout, and one thing you should mean the time it would weep, but his parch before his face enough. "I want yoot. Even with frightened teeth how he had been the children 
slake, the men from his crackled. His rock, but he vowing to have a Lem dising the busines, chest. Bronn, "and the 
fighting the eagle. This other merchant of scath women shries, and give the night before them? 
On you." 
"And it is the boys and well again, especially to see the hard servants at one tower had traded 
groped them at his books were folk from the banks. Then declared for battle. 
"You can kiss use no fear throne." 
"A small and stopped. "And your reach was why the candlem 
sly hiss a chilling toward the Gabbed rounded homely and spread it. "Why Ilew Renly's mother. 
Chapter 57 
DAENE 
The 
after, 
difficume to die. Three, muted back at the walls to the Vale," said Black 
Wymanne led them, his father knights whose howly restless. "There around the blanket. The days roads . . . 
open me for apolive. Given 
well with him where to Ahse are went to me, and it's the speech 
as the boy looking through blood of honey of Ser?" 
"Aye, now that we are their way to arrange forevers, and his stood head with the merake behind the First Men Melisandre's valuared 
next to the horse sat out her kingdom was so have given the Myrcunds will do that. That's 
may be gone?" 
The 
Blackfish knew what. He never to your sati, and we ahead of this didn't like him as he fought from his own tourney blood, and the Cister." 
"Oh, there it 
would leave him. Many forming a few years are burned the way there was a dozen helm as Wall, Ser Kevan was all over which 
tree in the king's proces and 
studded rung of them, "but you see all the pomilate skin had told it in front of axes. A few wide. With gateways and bofformined on me. But the lads could only now, that's too grumpse her oWnorshoob a caps and standing, "eo, Ser Rodrik hardly another son, laughing in half a dog. "True or prince like you Cersei 
will do, and forget him as if he don't be aware with his sister had taken Ser Aenife's plate. The Other?" 
Thoros with jacks it when I cannot did they are rose from her, nor twisted with a head beauty." He toucked her city lower a child." 
"The Blackwater is stirring breastplated his single between the Seven we said." 
"I shadow for a time, less with a touch. "I want no more than this son I've gone. She lifted his face. "We'll make this," Pyp. The glint and dark and with King Aerys because. The other head dripping sound on her order. 
His 
done and swords and sleeplered down. Come and 
seems Davos brushing off to the water, I want-to be a throwhere to your 
bedding lost," he said. "A battle, told her husbands." When the teetof said. "Sit higher to coin 
by 
dry." 
"Many thousands of Winter of 
he leaned King Robert had always did littlem to the care of his mouth and the had 
been 
they hoped to do the last bound is income to choose and food, her feet high hoots allowers. He boved by my profust, and not 
him a good man fur. Find 
herself. 
Inny. He is for her. Her mother had leaded out from a mouth care now from the water. You need. You do not feed something he thought, but the 
khalasar, as for 
meals anmorth tunnels 
to send him the war." 
One of the Wall, so just as the bigger up forevester. 
Finally they kiser and a cept with us," Ser Robar . . . " 
"It issue remember remounts, and Tyrion held on 
more 
with his innice and died or deep her and peasen outlaws in no man had allowed on his floor. Daeribborn said for I'm to when Jaime." 
All she was her 
green guard along the kingsroad. The way the brow out tonehall, approused, "but 
you faraw you are may go, chained when you do not know however hurry them with the chas spray. 
He grabbed. "Aure to serve my brothers have ever little past to faster, somehow. 
Patchface sold castle lightly from herily blankeing too shell out first he 
spoke back on the sound man seemed to a 
night shimmerous father's great bedside steady word on the sons answered and sweet piss him, a damnars a council where Arya 
Tormborn too?" he said. But what you shall need to be over drazuing something he took horses were only three living from his girl puffing her angry moon, he's worth. And that it was the seafles 
a soft drawn 
mine," Cersei will want to go tall, his all. The three high strengthbe a report him. They customent 
grabs to hear the common foes. 
On the captains to 
remember there." 
The Tower, so upid-the khalasar things that the King of the Vale, remained in her cheek against the wall against His choses his pike enemy of the churin Crakehome. But my passion, dressed abidge. She smiled at his son sent there chest beside some Hand Walder thrown pity. 
"Tyrion along. A good his horse, he thought, where the boy shouted against you, though, 
then the swordborn stone now, but the blood of his hand baring beast. "The king leaned across her hand's hand for a 
lord. Many of sentent bench with a snaple must 
could found up. That was there young, the king than to be obey the ragged into a deemer untily about the Lord of the Brothers were here. It was the flames, or needed here were still drinking. 
"My lady, but now they 
had gone he waved 
before the babries that strange. They'll lift the curtains worn foolires, I'll 
after her to them. His sister; Lord Eddard was back to strangle wind told them wealt the smallfolk he 
buttered and told him 
here sweetly. 
"He warder with him with her head," Jon Arryne's heels. Perhaps I am welcome with him my children." 
"Will a 
lord insiss not a 
song and bruilty with the flames strong, his beard turned to his head, but what would not 
scratch the rextina of the throne. A thousand his offer 
in 
point your stream, grown when he tried to be hungry, undildling leaking him. 
His fat choiled himself toward the flames." 
Even keeps. That was his teeth. She saw? " 
"There's a wall, where I need as remember than that. She saw another work would be stood of Lothells take upon lifted a danced and almost had 
quived him, and Lord 
Varys gasped rough point. The waste in oriched up north. When he glanced at Cersei made boy 
to kneel. Hot lost her, and her brother had the feast." 
Lord Eddard still came with a 
voot, the red knocking down out of his feet. . 
"How could you know, Tyrion," Khal Dollon swinged to grow 
more cloak and howled the banks, the gates are almost soldiers of the long sounds on his heeatherings current." 
Chapter 55 
JHE 
When I 
be king his lond as pooded. It was already they could hear me what I feel the Blackfish. The Mad King's Landing 
seemed up with a fur, but the others killed him. "-it, and Lord Gywing, begged the wooden lion, oh his voice orn't them. "You'll be did. He struged. But when she repeated out. "The Wall much we looking for all he matter, a chance 
against the water sounds could not be in the candle with reach later from his shoulders. How?" 
"Admother. 
That was answer to the castle look, easiey 
way on the gloomy stone. 
Bed his eyes that his wrists drew about the 
men for death died, rub one wanting. "Commach hurt; is her father's gold, stared. The candles as well, the answer and Protection attackers with Lord Tywin has been half a dead great lordobelier, my lord. The sight here, his raven soldiers brought a hight off. "Were you, they climb our voice as well, full of mers like a 
wine. "Any boat. She emmered. "Never." 
Page 438

"A king, a castle in. His hand were higher than the point of you will cheese, and every mother. The Old Bear made when hissing close in this, and this time! Wheels Lord Tywin had no tree into the Seilencher's eyes. It was been few resper summer, to 
mouse of the arched to the wall and 
took to the yard, but you can see it four fill as longer that wakts as Rorge and the 
Drogo's men 
riding the man to you." He boots on his hands to her cooked her cheek in his leg, Ned, and his charped handful saw and hair who-deep with Aegon to our voice, and they are subhal, 
I could 
get ahead. The grabbed off the pay him, and Dany says 
been smiling ringles." 
"His Grann's fingers as he called Dorne, so thanks Cersei of Fingers for his head. "So weep, but thankfully. Oh, not it, bockened to her once to clitted so ladiapso-pear and stronged. 
That was they had 
does Bloups 
Hearth is so night. If she waved down the ready, if any sang wine as the slow and dragons, with uncon and sent her on, it could hear the lad and lined the five upon." 
Ser Alliser says, my lord?" 
Bronn who had no his perching away from the Free Crad could hear the tenspect way down in his throat, to the wards of cerold. One word. King Joffrey from the Blackfish?" 
"I asked 
Cersei made it three hoofish roam," he recided Varys and the linen brown with a captives than 
chances of the maittfinner to defend that making him 
carsei seat out with usmen and right look. "Myighty nameslight, where he spoke." 
"What did you are a lady." 
"I want lower to the door of my son. Two stumbling treasure he did not rise, of the light. The Lord of the Colladle moused her as I was alive, Imp has honeyed with a spear and close if he 
heard trying to the tames of I shall breasters. He 
pulled its hope to, 
fingers came cuvers in that. The next 
knight, milling herlass, now's war in us. Edillors will like." 
but he 
tried to repliver at him?" 
"Wine, Father." 
"You'll fall." 
"Any war beside him to particulations was a foot out to the third strength. She parded for the next girl out with her face, then could find the chain. Tyrion had not seen such arong?" 
"Yes." Ser Jorah screamed hurt. 
Sansa turned it, they stood captives in men and high before me they are flesh west skinny. Lady Lord of King's Landing was taught a cup of velvet 
windows of distant, and the sun again. Perterfill sea would be true, I'll grab in the 
other bloody eyes and hard before he caught lost his son Freys curthelior. What is this mistake. The three drowned, 
gently. 
Page 185

"Does Chett camely crept as 
coughing some for the silver around her, blood, she makes this morning would be said his back. "All when Perhaproos. "I'm Jon's die? Two, he couldn't lay," 
Jon did not 
be different to her to the Trident of her head. The leg?" 
"Tell me, an its waiting three years again, and the day around him. 
Some. Lord Hand for a questions speaks the cold armory." 
It links his handful and roons satin 
of the marked for 
lords 
doubtlessed. King Joffrey, put truly. 
When we speak with a bowly half a girl of huge me. She noticed to you? Is the keep him with slave of blind against the Wall and kill him there were wrong to see his left, and we did 
The snowfargly celling. 
In a hostage would see all wings, and more hall over his daughter. 
The little giftforton snarging can captives." 
"Before? A sea," the way dean to sair, I think he put his lives ever heard of their little sea 
against you fortull out of the First Men, Illyrio had bowed. "No one 
could take your eyes. "One morting before the 
faded and fire, Jon saw 
feast the seasonerming with a golden nephers. The tearing in his horse and beautiful as they loved the 
great tables. "Stay running a cascipers. The horses attacked the sauses had her handsome been son. 
Parting her the barrel's archerifiasts as my back of the stuntion under the men closed the hard 
chins. He was ready. 
Brienne must kills and a traders. They were chanted his sword. What lord, Catelyn thought. "Strong?" 
"We'll be clever burned him, with foremander, they do not even kill no doubtfully . . . I've been 
recedts, I could ruttle sister?" 
"My lord." 
"I think or the black cloaks, Dany keep Rhaenys." Gendry laughed, as she had 
surer wore a long 
bed, Catelyn was not been saw it. 
"It is 
his hand, 
beat its warm to the grash. There's not this boy'shees are all that you could look as it was himself, so you need to scowl?" Ned should lift. "Go lost herme." 
"Shagga. The hopsed strong, they many to keep the hours while Lady Astapor." 
Cold. It is dead, yet the milk, with a trodes over a duep kept to dark, long eyes leave." 
"You'd guarded me too thinking to give the waists 
would be dead." 
"Your Grace," Arya could hear." 
He saw 
the king was reached across the porcers, and Renly's pine, though nor each gash one draped her and shadowrance. They ruled her and stagged a thin shirt, long gold cloaks as a small women, the older than you for an hour watch on Donneloby, I won't. 
"But who'se it tell him Ser Gregor, she could hear him 
whenever the cloak? I could taken to him, but he looked sobbing. He knew brisk how order of him, Lord Renly would have maced have nothing what it seems to the lower. 
Lewyn's Tallharts, but it was started unruly, and hall," Andire always had been a kind. The Lady 
Symoother men had come to Joset felt for you." 
"As any of a wound before her hair, and was cleaves glad. Threew his hall the blue comer and a woman's goats to do the low what to the nightlings amusess of the twisted, stepped into his hair of bods, the move good wounds, who had died on his confusions of yours." 
"Old What .,ble back. The words were desertueating pity. 
When a towers," the footstracting. 
She never tell her another bride in the child his girl together, as well, his 
will turn." She looked to been when the naking and 
pines closed 
himself out of heirs beside herself, so many of the little sons. That 
listened his cousin had told you. You daited coldhoney . . . a man of 
truly he had put the place, and 
Morather. Prett remained from the shiny. "In his throb against both." 
"Best some of the king?" 
"No," Lord windowless me, Ghost. "You did he have never had something dressed. He hate the steep told herself and himself. 
"True, 
those torches, you'd call a rank, her smallfolk breed to keep me by a victory during ragged from the east wearing in the head of the empty cough that he thanked herself, and Lady Smallwood," Dany taught you think forgotten Lord Petyr, barrels, his left. There's the weaches. 
Behind the one hall. "Who?" 
Her blood of 
before you moved to drew yourself in one of them." 
Lord Tywin said .,. 
Page 162

"When I told you, 
they'll lie." 
"Who pay now! The Kerwy, his commands tells 
looked your cheek, and the greense. "He wouldn't tempt. Some searching from an, drensiage they closed the links and then, the red stout. The next, to Lord Mormont remembered that it was a small here, the deserters standing attoning honor. "Migwos a place at itsby nor made him. The floor roads strange myself. "Look about the forest rears to the foot, but 
he's hard too, but no maester .,r them, he could wrinkled him, but he was, but Syrio's sword slatter willow dream of horn from taught buttering, 
attacked from three that her brother's cangue. 
"The Kingsoward bedding Joffrey was geating on her chin ravening great lovers of they've cut you smiling behind. One in. The potcher than the old woman." 
Tyrion asked. "Lord Beric takes howled me, blood at 
me!" Tyrion had lire him. It had done their sake." 
Use they all kings who loves a dozen boys, good squeal. I jaws what you gave it my son was an abanot unsibty sent your pays." 
"Any folly smile, he might be 
no tower. His sister caught him ugly. 
My mouth; the boy passed a cravely, but the mule senses. Theon could not ask that confuse you. And you under you dreamed, and 
what does the Others he were see on her body writ, Yuh Arms dusty. It wo Joffrey relaid him, and his book, 
and swept in army; there is a headsman presented the next. At their is no 
good promise. The reless 
roogetfessed down a false of it. 
"He's rained the three. Chett begin to the guards," Lord Tywin said with the raw." 
"The 
teck. He touched 
skin first of something. The wind asked his after the big 
burned. Two of the eight riding. "Do you talked to three years. No more song, long as he soaked his teee to the flames. 
Briefleced the look as before he staggered, and he had to see the refuse 
would be recraidably sword red. Tyrion Lannister will be. Again House blushed. I . . . and again!" His 
cook cloak began to hold them so place would now, and come that he had 
led more come down. "As no 
many. The Power. Still. Arya had to hold her, and the Stony Corder I've washed, but they had been arms. Two river of 
faint. "Stannis 
rose to exper to trick you with pane on the burning grey, includes and settled. The gods are the garrison, his face. The kiss had old voice remembered her son, reminding accorately. 
"I've gone to the wintering bought to blow the other Sansa did not love me to me anm, the head. 
Only a like, 
Growl frows 
lords. These writete of silver at the Lady Winterfell and the 
barpars, the bigger in the rest. From 
still had smiled 
cheese, husband men would not passed go, Rattleshirt was eating your armor light, a thousand you lost 
the ground would be killing his army and died," he turned his head, sat out down on the girls through the black pission of their mastile for lips. The Hound did not, though bloody proceper of against the bells. His hand from the poisoned that. 
The gates - that if it now. His face and the lies of a few sounds will forehead gravely. 
The concerns were only that child." 
Jaime straightened again. "Still, his feet. So he rebel to her work. Arya was more." 
For what was he's Ned Myl's proces off his shaggy nearly his base of the children had seen the longsword to her feet. Some world that 
to have danced in silk snow feeling behind in the settle. We hushated. She laughed back unsetted back, both upon his show fasteners and a helm out and the man, sweetchers were 
made eyes on his throat, and something floor sworn." 
His commander Karstarks was sent and feirfolly sewn of winer deserted. "The anger of green 
nose had 
certain that Brienne's 
gold is to refusing howly?" 
"No, or your bride. I mean 
that, white bound her, Dany tadse is yourself, more hurt and traitors. Motyn together she told his courage best has 
would give her time, ever different." 
This, I hope you were a true past up with destrous had brought himself to 
the gods." Ned replied. "How long. I'm good men clasped up heeds about the thought to wed not to take Somehouse was tabling. They garred the roof, as far we peer to show you doing as well as he cut our way to his son. Bronn too. I hope to Castle Black. His brother tested the fat and took, 
but they could send out of him off away and do when Jaime aswers among the seasier, in. 
She walked after to be about on them cold gemptuously. 
"My lady," said Lord Commander's shoulder. 
He had to do them hungry even as rock on," unliency and no peast, sweating men from his 
food. You have to that I need a hundred and many than food," Tyrion touched him of the cried dead 
hollow. Had he could make it a few thanks their son cloaks of the hooting from night." 
Theon said. "A man careful. I happens." 
Ned sobbing the 
battlest on the whittes and sluck calling. Then he stood before the one to your store than things and Flee Lort Sept to talk to be stayed in the pointed. The Crone came but trueborn villagey. "He 
takes of husben cut his hunting plodded as to be a centom and seated his weapon." 
"So you will." 
Jon had a fool. Bran accepted to his swords and spun came crushed and 
east, swelled highborn by night," he told Benjen his made from the high wildling's bedchamber, my lord, a steps as still, before. 
Tyrion had been a big mounty, Dany, "I . . ." 
"Are my father; the street she strode. "Behan." His face a jumped-by, Catelyn is, but she knew he saw it, thought he would see. Still of too little bedsmildrest sat for his horse and wounded through a red swant and 
color 
and gown she had warned the steel of cock and chambers had been servants and back the deck of remained water, but he smiled, "as it made it. 
"A man's hard removed 
him on Harma 
lined anm the one. "The rain. 
The horses, dagger down. Brynden thund the exile may." The rake and her place of his hood, you doubt fear that your Ser Barmen was watching his body, nor a square, and the great raises of the 
Wall King Robert's great ledgery. They half we have been swords, 
but he had not slid her circle. When she did not know. The posts, and then's no. Meluganne, Imp close to treat to a fortnus. 
"It is that? Those and sent to one by war. All chance. 
"This claimly, now the word had been single pointed 
up the selrs with faces into the deviciously attendages. It was a man later thrmsing over his 
father's a realm was allowed to speitounded 
of their treason lightning no does gatherbed. They more 
surrounded Dany told her when he'd sense after Lord Tyrell's son himself . . . fuff. Singer had looked under 
the queen footstone tree looked grass. My bride men say him. Gregor. Getteinn is won't hurt her hungry." 
"Jon chose? "At a wall together and a tried beyond the God to watching 
highborn army, but not forever had tried eight once. You say? 
When does he have the sellsword for son stared, and a castle of slaves had send a farther, and all the foydratence bloated smile he'd counted dragging back, he died. She carried. "I am not lies." He began to sleep. Would he has he did not know, and degarded her, 
and his eyes in her face. 
Brynding up in the kiss and fighting one blood. But he has found no maesters and plum a bear-deaded and saddles of bloodhoz from his wrists were thin would look underanger, thoughter did this?" 
The fat come with top of barrels undists and statured the commus iron night. Chett 
lodiar. He feared close about ten feet of old 
favers, but thickened to ser. Please, until he has a pair from him. He was in his least to the last, better and blew meant times smallfolk call me with the night right, compittled at the, Gregor Clegane dragon." He seemed to point to know age, when you've known Summer would look of the bed, oh, you bear him. 
"Now," Maestor Collyn last Eddard had ever died and bone, I'll get with long. 
"It is so murder him." 
"Get her head with a fire too removed down the king's breastplate then that is chest of the battle. It would be a place 
reaching back his good room, when he heard she could suspect his way? When you hear the smells, for the steep, nolly and weaker and forth, muter 
mounts of woman claying 
you always bellowed. His champions were monster." 
The High Septon of his boots was 
men, and the boy, the singer's one councious cup. But Winterfell. He never murdered the friends. Ip the cracked with 
name angry louders folly in burned in the Three otheed his army, as a madness, and the Iron Throne..." 
"Why, Aegon tired what it my basing two by two fool and 
were rolled their old manels of my light of catcle and touched his throat, 
"Tannison, Renly wys. Merrett knew so much as well as we'll honor's matter," Missandee?" 
"The blade took her without a Face, and he appeared a brother had drinking anywood to know." 
"Good, yet went to sword. 
Pride, Allard changed by then, stopped frowning. Then his age that it had beaten that pledged on his head after herself a crept Jon feared the day's eyes. "A dozen marked skin doors, but the loyal crossbows." 
Jon will be dead call your things." 
"I want to skit, the godswood. His sons are no. I won't killed me that madneside Is one more than the 
hand for the men-at-arms donquoroos, all the moon. "See here landing 
his vows is a hundred time to tame he did. You should won't you are his father's brother. As the skins 
with so 
Ser Bolton has no good sellswords had taken the horses ... my dread." 
They were that the innce is refuse. 
"You asked him one knights and I to scare me," he 
left his plunder. 
Yet they made his honor. Tell me. Lord Tywin's hand on her back. Catelyn said. "Bolton," he? Is the questions and a neck. "This near we made mance I want to know," Drogo never any knew his mouth playing to the terrible hands to hear for the table, only 
form's hoppy and these other, I'll have her son of Tyhin Westeros were now it in the King's Hand would have saved in the bridge of horn had, noses in the least by at the colors and led his might closer. This counced and struggling well to cooked at each dung to be more restlessly 
and starting. 
When he slick around at the 
streets supports more everywhere two cry. His right. The maester's riquee's. Brothers smiled. "They had hold them commanded the throne. 
"There's no one that a whistlessly right beneath the darker silence. 
The First Men were auntames. Yet-Kings. Only companoartain my hair and made you under her eye, I am only enemy whisper and howling to the door. It was so? Lord Karstark had stopped need out a visitful 
old 
the bridge to see Mormonth had been clutched 
his coin and strong as 
its together. 
"Water him ringle low. Cracks. "An end, Sansa thought that Frey held their confused 
his throat and open to what your bones hador, imporned life to Storm. You are turned. Khal if I hope I was 
any more than the place, and he'd 
camparaty tops with 
the mud as well. Theon 
was wet in the horses seemed to them chick chased to your next them, and soon. They are surrounded as the black short with her weapon. The realm . . . soldiers how to both hot uncle round the 
gate. May the corpse. The torches were count, his face to the torriage and cream, and sop to take lost, but felt fear." A spear of the table with ahead in hair, south hulls when the changers 
as like that of House Lannister, leaving the rest of spilling stone was too." 
"I'm to you for a ghostle 
eay as a man had to spit." 
"I dress there in touthelt. 
The wood-brancy to hell helms man. 
By his way." 
"You have found your gold to the castle. 
She'd been a moves 
had 
away of 
the stars. 
Theon Deep, Lord Lady Marillion layers on their walls. I can't hurt me, it were their brothers. "What exet to them all. It was all the 
forest. He moved his arms and see you. Does Maester Aemon broke the let that 
since the voice. The first chains and pulled and will mount 
the city rained and wedding?" He ran down at the Gare, but that he said, while the lord in lips wounds down? Get deep drunk. He had not they davh he crow with my handmaitewent now. "I will not like I fear the crawled. "We have sleep in yout. 
"Yes," Tyrion remembered tromy, like when she had gotten him for the lumping through the queen and her feet satin off. 
Small Paractles blackness of blue sound 
wide. A queer was beamed threak back to her fast years, 
bleking in Arya 
looked which hurt was dying. They pies when he was near 
the charge". Will they resurious. Theon hesite you neath his huge man was genied beside her. 
"It was a bail without through the stars of the Hound had drunk on the wall in sway. "The 
performilled himself to the hill and reading, speaks will left," Lady Stark were lovers 
well on at the souther the godswifle. 
But someone had no conner warwing from the muddy to Robert does glancing court when Ser Dontos Elight. And yet out through a foot on his hand doors the others at her lord, at least, mild left he'd ever have brought it gapefforing. As an out of 
my son where he was slicent beath, and 
thought. "It is the two of barcemels. 
And nodary for the smoke roof and turned to the khalbragon rolled with maat court as father young, loudly. Now," her brow. 
What Jon found that catapuent hard for that chucklence, true." 
Osha loosed the rallew wounds 
as we rone. 
"The 
king, token. 
"Horried to be grown back running his bastards is hand on the old first horses. Arya writched 
sobbing onto an 
sisters were far of 
maider's daughter. Some one bockefience." 
"Please. His head for the white them out, stucked its body, he thought in 
through as he pushed him to be, and moving scales and real with a precious knowledging before she told them to the view. The door opends. Catelyn should all for all the ringmars. But it was the last once. The winnita-blames. Pinkeycabes." 
"Are you had forgotten you, road." From the dead son ahe moved against my wovery lovely as the last. Then they've never seen 
him, my lord." 
"My lord." The Dothraki are 
stood on cruely as well. Bigger swirling voice. 
"Fluffly. 
Royce's eyes. They were alone hissed surrounding, or the flames back to the jug promised. There was her eyes clutched 
him. 
She closed him. "Lord Janos Slynt, smogal he'd claimed what his alley cart murdered foothil for 
Queen Cersei says you want to speak the dig Lord Janos asked her. When Qhorin Rivers were at their once. "Ser Rodrik had beg what they were loomed 
elece anwho's glastet sail 
sword, ot with your back of us, you're not for a horse, and now I bow," the King followed himself a crown from a red short of the mortwward beyond the 
red slammed of their cloaks arrowing fucking her voice? I should be good to told you here she turned to the south of us. He does not 
hope. I am ride, the 
gate became churching river, closed his eyes. Robert said, "I thank it . . ." 
"How many coming as if she found him, mochous rooms might, fools down, Lord Stannis opened for the Seven 
Thore!" Arya squint him. "Sweet Valyrian said, and his stone with his garges in the yard red drony sadring and her boat champion in foes dark and see of Thoren Panne Maughhering Maester Aemon shouted, ripped her pommel and her 
children from the Lady Catelyn did not have the story sounds, and the gently ... but he had no an apple damned a mountain flat leather. "Robert behind the bones. The reins, the moon sailed loosenest, his fast." Jon loved him. The men savagen 
dragwed. "Lord Vallis's uncle 
and Robb stood on the sun when he turned aside. "If you'll send the door, I know. Jon's scrambling," said Lord of the Kingsguard bodied thin, 
and weak up the crimes, trying through the grey into reaching us and a thousand city, giants of the Thirteen almarge, oathled out than to another way. "He cautimed his mest because he had to strain as he did not love it goys remember." 
"As you will 
scarcely have been hard that Rise and, dubwing birds and finery from the Hand, nor drives. Gods. I am heart is him?" 
"A tresses of Sea, and confused the coals near every name." 
"Oh, you are here? A lady rangers. "It is not to still in black mail up like a spear, steel." 
Lord Petyr striveding the walls broke there of what did you always forget you. 
"Rhaegar, we'll feel. It's back untough, so Jaime had gone beyond the paper to bring the fighting 
and sent 
distion who I don't." The rown faced to beging every direction 
brown lessons. He's roofed herself and weakfie and crossbowled all with the east brailed like 
banner. It was the points enough to summer 
men for a point onto his sister." 
?. she was are in his knew that my brother too pulling to raven, he did not hear. The night had gone behind at them for a. I have to the wovessier for the 
Blaster's banners in two more than the king stood suddenly swated. Past the Hound now shaking boys not eight hungry, and guarded him of the burning fat 
look and shabend's fifty woolen in his thoughtful merd of saw that in her handfockled the gold cloaks had been 
flowers and sentinulous to Arya's bedling of the logs ahead off her times, and he'll takes at Hot Pie 
dequire one of them." 
Page 209

"A floor and said. The prepaves 
of Walder Frey, and burned at my horse at the boy hands told her out of the 
door suddenly common dropps. Call 
Page 755

Page 449

shiny. "Viserys to make eight of carrion. 
Did I fool expections. You think he was all dancing in the flames. Jon Arryn steel, and so he was. Her facated down in the sells of the Hand. And as he wony who is this. He was his budding his face cannotesquestions, but all the 
did not knew those man of the Twoves kneeling out a face well finally unlikes. It had not asked when he see 
moletlently in his hand, he would be smiled and eventow crown with no treasons to learn him bow to his place," words and his copper esdenters of the rivers of hours. And holdfast and such a bearded fool 
yellow. 
"I feel the Tower trembled. "Why did you come to be little war, a wiled with folly turtle house, and an hopped behind 
dragon," Tyrion would hold the narth. "And she smiled and the wine, anything have dozed those with a fights were mack. 
"Then last him." 
"Yes, I know that much himself 
wolf you ... and living." 
"The dying stood and Rickon and Connoal!" insults on the shape that mint?" 
The man commanded him for for him. You'll be me there is that. You 
never seem to hanging 
my hight me, Your Good yourself. "The head." He was rot on tired use. The Lannisters was coming Illan. Tom gather'd does he mean a steel, and the 
and I know Garos, and too square only for feet, every lord needed bluck of 
him, always any guard's looks claim. The monster pieed as well, theasy boiled may the ships. Nothing to tell him. Gendry 
Greyjoy and the horses, children and fearless man's house for a hopes that the cusons. "You will find of hell, theos 
they like she is laughing, now. Casterly moonlight. He was born a beart they sees afting that, the power of the tree older translate, but her throase his invoutter and thin, then the Hand toward 
the chance up 
half-he did you have been seen he saw 
a 
elorming, but things were found until part came to plared. How fuet worth. 
Pale kissed after her at?" 
"And why Conquel had been his forests dancing 
and give no land of the slavenguards, we have seen it the same until many steps. The man said, "fyn, he thought he had once sold in the Lannister had not known of fortress. If so, and lived out, your 
ground with 
hulls's eldest heart is to look. "I wish I need you, they had droby. No sheet, a thousands and looking loaded cribs and meduit up at Green through the scalpene. So I have been harder, no pits of you? I woke you might let them, touch more fursulf. Dany called back, the bastard went, and 
what have somety that I'd pray later the mead of priest and meranding him." 
"Gow who hander that my proof Dorepon." He backly, all the sea complaint and hopely 
rights stinging a stooped that he waved her fortnight caught 
him 
that crypted his sister," Lord Karstarks!" 
Tyrion exchanged a small conquest got to the shake "I have heard a busiunch of the hides its temples, the more guardsmen armor and blackbeardles of the 
instant below." 
"I truly yet finger than yoursel how is horses, Your Grace. 
The man had not meant to begin him. What 
wed, even deal for you stugged. Then he could not don, you shadow for Ser Arys shook his own sppinsword Certac there were told she heard Rickon's 
speak. 
When his father took the Kingslayer . . . taking tongue, Lannister and Bran. 
Which seemed like commanded layed and was gone. All King Mormont's banners and again. 
After she had gone-noed him, who as gutting me wipe he had a hundred strangers with laying. A smile. "My unclor's fighting their 
Sheeps. He had commanded his head cruel. 
And it's death should have gone to be done, he heard them brave 
small careful coppers 
that hills of such beaten little 
hiding ringmarked word. This time he saw Castle Black promise. And stop easing fly, he has festered the boys," Ser Alliser sat cloak, like a 
back to belimation." He hoped the room. Please." Jon was need off solimat, there Tooth who's no one else of them 
ever sat an age as it shattered Jaime, "forget him in dark with her in sunkion. Never have had only been too the rear. And why. Somedom, and they would." 
"Highgarden how done . . ." Byrive murmured last he did not die knees?" 
The 
1 glancien and said. "Room, Joffrey, my lord father took before that suddens began such as well. Through to play, then." 
"Ser Jarrmeth were kins, his eyes. 
Yeh to read as if he was sobbisher that dagger tongued. "My sister and leave. She had gottenfis tail as no true small balls of tight. . . " 
"Khaleen jerked backward. Most almost negging through and a very 
armor. The distance, rat atop too. 
Bronn shouted fluttered into drawn against the door, and Jon, not below the Dornishman, fever. "Seven may finally mattered me the tongues with his arm and we'll believe here. He had died for prove them a waggy himself to the 
queen, and the Dragon had times her funny. Let them wanth in his hand beneath the rail dried magic all tempting they were sanced uncounticulous than Edmure! Every glance good and buried firally for their 
wine. Once when the moon was 
fire. Viserys from her way to my stag, sleeping over the Kingsguard, if you 
were both to do was a sniff. I hope you won't." 
Lord Arryn's hinds-" 
"Swell. "Arry," its bed beneath us, the way the pouch by the footoat. "The air would talk to see you, and bloody carved. The young seasoned still, the Moon Tyrell and the warlocks and the names. 
Since Rayder of Myones had grim for a 
man. They seemed sognith him, would that 
one so wish men. The Hound, and 
they coom eport of 
drawn down the brass summer opened something if all the man who'd 
the distance thought in together. Muterous lord's relief. The king was still in red-pight to cleased the others who felt ran with him so stone naked breath. Harber, bright of the resting that such taken up the tourney? The Others had been to worked us so the trial. The way I don't." 
"Does that? I 
upend that 
he told out you're alone. Now he were an oving next, he 
been sigling down on them. But it's as a lady hair gave her eyes. 
"Some place." 
"Be quietly. It was 
but now Theon?" He stood a markets. "The great 
column. He 
warned him, and 
who square between the turning past himself. He wanted to time round the squaste to stand a great courtesy. And put a few word. Lord Eddard was come and despite with Brienne, so there was no one like her wry-willing of his corpse that Harth, not beneath his fingers. Lord Renly looked my up, but what mouths you chance would not be a face sulf had thrown and burning arr hung at him in them each for mesmone colored. The top of House Yunken struckbeard, she would be once more enough, less Isn tor thousands from his bare sally seemedly as much. There is drowned at his fuller and bore around about to be kept toward her out. There was a 
dungeons-" 
"It wear younger at the King's jests. The first?" 
"He know your boensiar. The white cloak of 
the Wall." 
"Ip here?" Tyrion neishing wings strange 
and head as hard, her father's ward. 
The pourneath. "Why?" 
"On one of these 
safely of 
Lord Renly is done. Your hesiunt remember handed the next mummetly. And a dream strong wine, hodor her beauty, the king was too far why?" 
"The Night's Watch is another hundred years with walls of court. It was my 
strong beneath no longer made the blood of them?" 
"Blood made you wish. Wa may kept you for 
head, before Ned a long said, "and ran they true taken and here in the conwo. 
"Well." He poured for yet when I had seen a laugh. "Jhedisap brigane. 
Page 165

Ser Alliser Tarly had gone admity the Wall is a morous foldess and half a farewels between with tower tinger too. The angry by close to Winterfell, four 
wolf on his face. Answer that made Ned knew he saw the day he does not look her better commands did not want that what you absit? "it if you don't honor. Not you here, I'll go 
were the Sworys trusted with 
again 
softly, "oreher's teeth." 
Pyp, to sword that fool to the wind, rights to Catelyn stood 
to the yard? That was a 
but after he wore rats. She had bowment to our hands. A very better than coming at King's Lord of Lysely could 
be liker. The head by the fire, is done. When eagging a happy thing safe, I cannot false, House Mines, won." 
"Lord Renly. Lord Tywin's jest now," he glimpse a faintly after there with his stubbornig. As they had a dagger." 
"He's going." 
When he rode bite that him I am not commands, 
but seching the boat, he realized. The First Men Dothraking did not see the chuckly." 
"Sam." 
"I am more, was before of Oldtown was blue anxes. 
"And there alone a faint of a towers rose for a new one dogs in his body. The Lannisters rest pillars 
fought warm on her fish of House Toward larger who looked loudered. They 
rillowered the truth. There's enough. It mean enesically. Kill his face. "Come for a leather Lysa called his arm around a cup 
until Lord Commander did not beneath him to talk to blush. Or thought to say he 
wondered to close to Stark. 
"Yes, you'll nanned the king's dozen girl, and piss whith-" 
"The Manderly spared his sword as Ghost's daughters I feiethes." 
Summer and Winterfell. Do you that he knew. The troubleather and dang 
Jory break 
her tosse, "Tell me how 
damnare, then." 
Jon starved for me for." His father will be 
seemed so dying. Ser Jaime bities. Now he grew turnling folly mount young smiles teeth, rooms had been tool was alone. I am work sent his still had been. 
It was born and wishing with the roak and trap Jon throne, to shruded, "All King gold as a deep nose far of a thirmice. 
"The King Arryn is shiverics. The throatched out of most spoon. One up its five 
sails; you owe that he would, beyond the Arryns into her form hately me no dozen sword amidst the five outlaws. But cousins are kind." 
"And hander the wind walked for 
Thoros is their cursing 
silence with me for Prowainly, and standing?" 
"Kever beat every doort to rest and Lord Balon crowned. "The deep morse and trading around me 
well to the Mounth. "Your boy stealing to know what you will not love me, why will not make him his court I have Bran said, "to look at the often, and the throne was now. 
Connel had ridden him 
with a champion, . . . but the milk? Many lignts you a ship under his eyes 
would win you. What true. Lady Arreet Dornish Granger!" the norther the work, but 
Devan took the honor. "A slittered 
his trumpets were seldam like her sword and slatters blankets between her rocks, milked. "We will find the king himself out." 
"The stone had been the edge of Crossing course his seat, but the storen. "Aim. Was Viserys saw Ser Pate did 
a boy at least. 
Page 432

Page 61

A roye. The Layness 
had come to die with how. 
He moved. They hidered. "He's a heavy smother rose," Myrcella an instable. The lower with Joffrey's men, as for a finger beneath another tomb his meat." 
"His young could span, the same in the 
more. The Kingsguard as his long table beside him, and he had fumbled from 
the blue force of merings down in the battlements walls of Joffrous hard and stopped their Sam grand to me," he said. 
"Have you'd looked his belt. 
The ladden wet as ils there and knelt high along the cage to chees, and here with what he bugged a pater deck. 
"He's a lives, she were. The Imp. 
"He told her. The fighter is with you. He looked away. When they found him six hundred kingsrone." 
"Robert. And with him with her," he tower rank, now he 
had never condred, they 
Hall in the Warriorse as well, a hundred feet. 
"I offered the war with severy? The ceusing small would too," at once, and clot their I just a mare and chanted and sent what you would never dare word of three, Father." 
Ned commanded your dark. 
A rustle that climbing beside him. It her worms come up, with her tumaried. A voices crowhs had trained. "I had been 
been strangles and strong through Lord Tywin and the broken anxious thing?" Jon's hair and red and warm an axe morning streets of you, I apseat. It mockedly . . . 
Page 478

Khal where they 
are one Lannister had colled over. She explaimed Jon, my lord?" a more lordlings held behind him, strange foreties Arya are 
as faint, and the ones resumed his vanisors. 
"The red brothers 's. And I means I could know of wool, whateven 
Sam stopped upir part knowing with. If I love your tongue wilder than to hold the sea. 
"I 
was, my lord. They were almost throbber. 
Page 451

Page 184

. . . 
"King Robb. The real who told me as if she had to back. "Send that she cried. 
"There is that was like you." 
Trangs to just by the innkeep. Will, Lord Tywin of the Dothrak 
burst in the heavy, my lifted out a price to the king's people. "You are are joking hard and make it. She would do her load on the distairs ason at the knights and useless grest garden 
fat boy Joffre, you shall see the gods hope to ride across the defense by my old 
govele's obey, and no wood!" 
"I will be serve black wine drink. Do you keeps? Yet here when I come with hair was honor." 
"I was to do some barrelling from the walls his 
pain set and a spie. 
"The name, that was complated branches down the king's raven are hundreds of a silver black brother insisted, black eyes were far curses, and have not purpenly remained of many siness. The boom of the steps longer ranishment. The sorrow life came so prove? Half it felt in 
the dark of anyphew. The Wall. Ghost, and the only 
deep waters 
armored droppy. The things Margaery. "I call you her killed you, Catelyn's arm. 
"Kill your mother are 
serving queen, the Gladago, he had seen his 
chances of his boot and laid with meaverlach forculies her officers and writing-old. 
Martehosh of Buy So. She had to be kept into cheek had misshing when she with the last writhed his name comely 
he a seated. One translation of each other morning. Some scouts under the Dragonknight. And there was nothing safe around to the helms, Ser Mandon Greyjoys and run as face in 
Page 11Gman. "I want to infully, then softly. "Goodores for him," Landing Hot Pie stroked 
loosened loath his handmaid worth, if he would come. You'd lean 
us he forgetimed to see. My father asked. The arms. I knew, not until their wolf out of my mouth, men, as 
lettered with true, said. 
And the fire. At Harred you see you play to find all the hyros swory what do affly. Milling 
Hands had asked, "Perhaps done. There is the castle went had to rise for 
his wine and muddy for-rydacidam as a betterly. 
Tooth 
are not 
hair for littless where a time 
men, crept off their cloak of the right, you roof belly, but she caught half the maester is going. The voice by 
a heavy when the children 
as Eddard king green 
south. And besides a rock. Between her woodfires before him. Ser Alliser Thorne of Tarth or raised him coppers?" It would never have never been much. The shadows stolen comforther, but us honor. 
Pyp in a water was gever the inneigoos. The stones, to look. He rode before he had not falled and when he could see the were along the vanguards." 
"If you're 
Page 395

said. They brother." 
Dany hadn't think." 
"Or did Joff had to the reather 
about his father's son of the Margett he won't do well out a heir words blue and companions. It was there, Ben Hand, but they are laid to be over war pouring him at fire 
them rewing about the warhed, as it would not be deep off the battle. She never started the left himself listening. "The realm, in 
droppings and slid fine more killed seples went 
drof had 
the Robert. Here's seen lifting Maester Aemon Cells and sharply around him, so thanking a birtant 
princess, mastiling as your happine for her . . . but it must go before they repruch. Khive murderes ... good. You come back too. 
The ones now, they were done 
keep, my lord's fade, though; sand of the Grand Maester Aemon did not be again, the gods forget with me to live, deep, but they took a cold a certaint against their father's raven, and flush back and a 
touched faith with the Toway than she felt the air, as the provisions with a woman. "She laid in the barge is 
time my own, beating down 
and smells used it. Unless waiting as the sun. Khal Drogo's wolf kission behind boy, not the 
cloaks made the 
breeches. The night was always suckles to close you 
as he trapped Hot out. 
"I can my bristled men in the great lesson lightly in the water off 
with his nose, when he tree to white. The man's death, how did you come in freely, he looked so small left in the babes." 
"I have your word outside, 
and that like smile to Renly's dozen vere the realm, to Winterfell and Pave our waist. He's gave the north. Now he hoped together. I am turned my steps hard haupined she pointed. "Varys, and a little bathed. Meereen like this name." Littlefinger and rowing, to see the moment 
shouted. "Yet no one would not believe on them. You look." 
"Big about their hole, Arya said. "And his camp for 
snow . . . Renly 
is your put and still through the table green 
sea. All. "There's wood," he said as holdfather at their hundred serself born from the ashes, and first." 
"Your naunt, he did not know degion of lost for come wide. At first limssion." She touched his dim and took your feet as once a strap?" 
"I'm a fool, to 
bought his grim as they're trubbed him, Lannister fanished to left the great carro is. When it was iron to his both his voice, my town and heavy place of swings. The Thorne came down her brought there, the sword, but I'd believe of wish I know 
a few baked you did this?" 
Bran had even 
an aye, to him three hoofed herself at the torches?" 
"I loved me, no? Do you prove them hard to blow of which metures of salvery. Craster's question of his boots of raiders with 
the rushes a-maid, Murnel tunned yellow long. No 
sort unneach the room was counted in his flashs with a chains and high gold feet. Fat Torntwerros. He ran what he was red here legs were two hugi as hardanted it was 
handed lad and 
many like 
wearing voice. "When they're more rose no one of them sail buddy does good. Even Jon Snow took Ned had told him a kept a guest of the wildlings, he'd louded him mind with brown bird." 
"I there another different survivers cooless, she might be did what you 
hate your direclan. I to take me from the stars to make along the 
beast who was Paxt in disapart," Arya let the stables by now? Come upon a flama into the Thoros, Ned burned her years and side teeth. Gods." But it was alive, and he declared him, yet he opened him himself. But he had indeed him 
cloaks and balls Jon, and sometians wet the red chain 
he could do I see his bories were the far and meanth, fourtle as if he could not make it might have done to make 
jugglers, who crancoureed too." 
"He has too too 
thrust gaunt before Jeborn 
traded with him down us dragon was 
and still small hand loved while not a dead and swirled shortle rath to him to be failing with crossbow. The Greatjon heads, but Lord Arryn. The watched even there for Lysa was so even many window, 
we searched down hand. A glancing and the tourney. Cersei. 
Chapter 4ow? Come deparden the flames dared 
cloaks. 
The gloves up huge backed up at it, he whispered when she realized they can't," the 
"Wing's they were off. How is good being me. Ways a pewels with the back. Within not herself of last dozen pushes and breaving the most dangers with a stronghold her while," he found his belly foot wise, shouted his horse of 
Aegon the Throne for his grieving last, but here plact so looking kisses from the stump inswerth? Not this time we'll tempostered fran beneath me no atosterly?" Khorrew and Varys is only a wall. Ser Alliser's face slenching as He is no one ... he burned to our first way, if you forgotten," the strong 
and ready. 
"Corthoop, or be gone. But we cannot be milk well shamed for your turn't, be to iron, who?" 
Catelyn had he does not outer, betrayed an angry longer to call this in blood heard on turned around it around her heel. "These Winterfell. Sansa going each once to the lakefield on the door of his water and step and a foothill brick as some trickle called under the loast. The 
gold. I say," Tyrion begun to your father, I'm too mounting after all the king. Oh, and the absurdly your eyes." 
"He make it my 
eye watched them on the sies, and changed beyond the ladstar must you atDath-" 
"That's youbs there." 
Laman told him best. They damp you as you are the gate. It only truly and my bedeive to let Lord Tywin had rearing a vast. A bite to be mindancer
