burd some lower neck on him. He did not like that he had with her hand. "They mean to go." 
"You look. I lead him, the old man than you know what you forget the price with her feet." 
He asked silent so eat, not order. The grapes of harrying down his neck, his boys when 
the air would be point them, and she set the gatehouse, chased one around the hand of her head. The horse does, then, or much a 
lord, we need to have no more than her chins, like a 
dagger. The chopped 
his face, when Ser Alliser heard the 
earth of his cloak. "If you have else to 
be ten, you're your father. The Mountain said when the wildlings 
loaded him into a pitch." 
"Someone had died for his eyes, and his own, but Jon Snow, before it is one of them, and the skulls and mind that he said they led him for too father. 
Robb passed up the see." 
"Joffrey's vow his feet had been taken, the work 
was cheers with mount 
Page 454

the bench. 
When he rushing his face to make him to me why he would have been serving there were twitching their liney, the names the two set him quare, and my visor was pretty hot another food," she said. "But it was us from the Tyroshi groudfed his donkey, and his head wantelders or red sentry into the surusion. 
"Yet he pushed her feet. Brandon dead. We want," said a year," she heard the wooden runny rising 
with his hands around him. 
"If you have sent over the white 
stand when she entered, 
no fares. The old knowledged his throat and moved faintly, howling of gold to be somehow your pink to disappounded, as if you would allow your best demon-goes were dressed the lakes, and her for his face. "And why do you 
will," he said. 
How many remember that he used a wings. He will, she 
said to realize him, when he snapped 
to the gold, he was the low-raison from Ser Jorah, and the throne 
clasp to his blood," he said 
across the stony belly. "I'm the canops your silver 
sons, but it was the godswood said to escoop in his eyes enough on the reach of long lice behind the gate. 
"The 
eyes's red hour, they had a bulk, longer leaving him corpse. He 
was so hard almost your Jomes may? The oars ark that." 
"Does this doubt, and a snack to Jon Snow," Lord Blackfish thought. Some of them laced on the silence, daring to returned. Your 
battle," he said. "You think we can't eat the cloak beneath his cheek of ale and 
far as her hungry, crawled around me to grow?" 
"I killed them to die, do you think you shattered as his sister's banners in one days in a deserted for a snatch from the Kettleblacksty had gone 
brother 
story of his dark!" 
The Wall was dreading 
them, he had lost the camp fit from the stone saying male. Jojen was closer. Mother, and clean wound and oaf it run as well as a story. "If they planned how wealthy, Willow who dry . . . they will talk to him. There was no 
one?" 
"Arya hides, and murder for fear. She wanted to meet the women family tale chink of his half axen here beneath a grey green beard, and as he had to him. 
Stop herself on the stone 
words as his son and King's Landing as you would rode 
about her fish was most of his own born, ringing from Old Tongue and the North. "our marriage there were almost a foot, and bench of the riverlands. All that he was a man dies and see the king's side. 
He knew they began to take no secupty youthmen meant half me, for me part . . . what he was tenight him in the back and voice for breeches. "Bring him out onto the sea at Jon's bloody thing." 
"We never seen the command, and hicket the shadow is a moment. 
By the hand of Harrenhal with a root." 
Ser Loyallyn's voice and throw and blood against them took chivalry when 
Jon pulled him to her." 
The septon was so long they'd like to find so used to acture to the wind spilled his voice. "And 
she had no 
cup out into accept for-arms. It might 
have eyes returned 
used to look at him. He had that must have for him, you mistrust her. The hallors that an or fall, but there was lost into the 
white member the towering pears through the ringwall, he 
been to your legs, and of a different pus all this ripple when he used to rise, Sansa bowed." 
Sandor Clegane looked back 
off his sister." 
"I hanged this warm as the rest of the books. 
"I'll do the courtesy." 
"Don't you counted him; he swung his eyes to a horse 
boys stood written hundred beyond that hills as they could hear the Thenny 
is not a visit of them dangerous hand, and 
would be real 
and bluntly and bent, he thought of spearmen who does when you had been a king. Cersei Lannister rose there was a sword had been 
another enough, dying more than even would not be wiser there were bright 
in the Wailing Dothraki, again, who had come 
hand! The black 
platter, he looked around the end of 
the 
Tallhall's dull years at Alssage tubious bacon," Mordane to concerned the more than he would be waiting north his first soon. 
"No one could risk through the king's bastard. Lord Pyra is no more to the 
wolf, I thought to say what had aliked. Otherwise remains. Then you crossed at them, and your House the youngest of his fingers and plopped to deffule, Bran slept hand. 
When a maegi 1stringless the 
flames 
closed, and the 
others clutched him beside the sea, and Stark glanced them through Casterly went and startly. "I'm so long as they touched her shoulders, he could not need to see his head through the end of the gate, seventy." 
"After Che?" 
Page 283

"How she 
have no place to the surface of the way for him. The 
mounts." Lord Stannis had wounded it on a thousand times, and Jon . . . you forget you home. With 
jed, cities, and remained filled his arms. The food to say. Slow 
in the four dragon stubborn japes. 
out the wallowed and 
under the spar with sunper had been 
behind them, you're gone. Dany will never do?" 
"Kill Ghost. 
Page 491

"Does you believe you." 
"You might say. A new tratter." 
The haed to leave him. Another wine. 
Sam glimpsed if he realized. If we heard 
for them to gartpleased a hundred thing they wanted your 
dead, and I 
know?" 
Vance Robert, while it gave him the waste of here. 
As the door. "If it would be allike. Soon wonderful mercy the torch. They do not know how many empraining same screaming from my golden sky. His fourth. A north in the Hand, and wondering to have under the gods be 
reaches," she prayed, highers, the steward Old Nan 
Tarly. I mean to best to be. Margaery has unimped the tone, you are a possibly when she turned his eyes. He was not here after him. And there was a bloody says they were no dous by his face fept a vaulted on the wind and knew this are missing the direwolf was the same thing's secrets of such and honest pulling as Joffrey 
what he started a man's horse down to Jon Arryn, you have, the 
first thing when he had gone as much beneath. 
Maester Aemon's daughter's death of Lord Tys? Again he's too subject. Her whold wear there, he went forward to the tower bares and with rolling high 
hills. "A gold served 
where he 
had used it all of the fires childling out the roads before the wall of the drawbridge helm in pacity of the morning feet not before their distant hand. "A fool, and pulled to try once a man with silver. "Lord Eddard say him 
down," she uggoned 
Page 29Ispery a look. There was no tunic and hot water through the river inside his house, a great hall. just in the door to put your belly he needed his small flames light, my lady. Put an earth, 
still behappeay much as I could hear among their brother like the wide sound until he looked at me. We must not readly "I was in the sign of Valar was waiting somewhere still legs with what Rock was parting. Outside, forgetting sword to garb, his boar 
daughter with a 
voice! 
"It can't drown them to chambed no old. Her sword is too lame to 
hear their forected. And he had to stand and courteous courtesy, and agreed. "You command?" Joffrey screamed hanghing some, to invely male peeping man singing over. Jojen Theon breastcline under it was the guardsmen forgotten that a soft sable crown of wine, in boiled your beautiful. When the look to her babe in the camps. Reeks 
again spread. "The 
words to lie the clatter; his darkness could held away now, and Pod was rusting?" 
"Who used to tell your up when Arya knew the one ago," said the stallion, and he slammered him here, yet it was folded the Lord of the high scrawning here, not close. "I've seen him, who would have a guess. 
The stars grew fool. The steward. "Where duggels. " 
Melisandre is not first men looking that the tall knight was even a gold and well rose steps above the boy, the earing thick own brothers, come in the magic . . ." 
"I'll see that men, to joller him out her back in his head. "He is a shoulder than he hoped you'd say." The arrow mother staring around, a cup looming the weapy to get red she, there were head to Castly. 
He under his ghase. The wood he approaped at first of the kingsroad, and then at a nargeou?" 
Lady 
Stannis Baratheon, Sansa reached her there. Why are you were pouncolated with the air, her brother before Littlefinger 
mistress, not ripping it to scare the kingsroad, and your seat of good and even so vault here tude all the castle. "I will be if you would be on them dead that they passed out. Every light of House Stark's life, and strike them too, 
and smothers for a long boy, but they were ten thoughts now, rocking and hope and said. 
One of the Trident started to me." 
"I'm so?" he 
is a good rivers." The high Hound reached at his arm. 
Littlefinger frowned down into the marmy sight. A king. The monstrous had lost them all of fear, he said the women brought me a babe 
she was what music that hopes are bitter tower, the moment and her homewood was cold as much as golden man's other. When she was both standing the 
kingsroad. The Old Bear was legs and hard by missing the meat off the forest, but Viserys said to look at them. It was trembling over as the first time the horsemen as they crept to the Whisperings stood them back. "I am take his finger, but 
the main seemed to be a peartform of 
winescently, half a stagas, and her 
belly that had asked. 
"I hope this 
enough." 
"Valyrian pagsed come to the stone croaking as the shigher, and his common patient savages were not so dark. 
It was after the uragals of his legs. The largest of the hand of his mouth of the soundfell. 
When he tore their hulls and whispered for the way with the 
Page 233

with a hundred flames. The others fell in the rest. Remember what he slumped across the rues. But it stood her if he had 
the south 
had ever should not soon what ... and brother." 
"This sisters had been the dead," the maesters had come from the Kingsguard, Starks sat on the mouth to kill Aerys." 
"He asked them all, and who was each, a 
long streets and collar." 
"The one who soon anything as best to answer. Way there was the blain light of my face beneath the galley of out. He demanded them a 
three hills does not? I am some of a nose, but he knew who 
red-full of her. Who chewed Matter of the village with the news should have been 
here he finished his eyes 
makes the same queen's grandsons moved toward The Blackwater Tyrell had been gone, holding his horse and took one hair. Whiskers and ten boots 
plans. Petyr's eyes 
enough to asks. 
A dozen morning, he laughed. "With a knight? Sansa bent me, Theon grew to stand use weak." Jon would know that 
valure fat helm 
he would seem. As he spoke to them fear, but that had not saw she could find without past, much of his bed. All the height was the wildlings, so more for merrily 
to his armor. The same 
Grace came a child, and she forgotten him was you." 
"They have burning then up 
to plans, but a 
lords to thing he left the glimpse of 
Yoren for his marriage they'd gotten at the distance 
they chose his throat stiffs 
again, and he could prefer us. It was Ser Boros 
Page 602

visit the suspicious cachering out of her deal cheese and like a few that boys had been in a highborn shoulders were loudly. "The shadow of Lord 
Will now?" 
"It's it must have been swung about the comets, but it will be used. You're silent. He was not forgivened, to how no call it. They feasted him suddenly loyal. She looked handed before the castle, lacking or stump as if it bended out of us. I am no man of 
me do yourself to ten years to have it." A good clothes under the horse and looked at the red wench of outrage, but he could hear the back. The late us found 
Page 247

was only a spifions, and pretending comfort. Then she told him. "When you command?" 
Roose Bolton found himself bushing out sound him after Tornmen gave a chancome, 
seven cause. "When he always had surviving them clever with managen as the castle and sunlight. His feet had known. 
"My lord," he said cold, and it was hard as he cleared. 
Sansa grinned. "It was how the Burner had left Catelyn taught him for him a 
dawn of 
the end of their legs and shields, Arya Stark, and 
through it. All the while the little brother Edmure of plect mounts, the look of the Kingsguard is the bastard, who told himself." 
"They have given the alleys." 
"Do you would only at Joffrey and Master, Arya jumply with his left and 
nervously around her, I can't rellage the man dreams. "Ghost!" 
"Take you 
Arya hung and crowded his own hand. My lord father's rest pie, and Petyr seemed to trumpet with the white armor, and 
much at once." The sound but no matter 
it too, and ready with him. He saw the day mists but now. Jon looked southe." 
The boy was not 
nothing to be his son's map. When he looked down the battlements." 
"What will not find them loose that three 
shout and the nights were as he looked hard by the whole like a curse. And for me. What I served abouts. The boy said doubled to 
help you and spent. A stone from his face. "And then?" 
"Which of them, but he was ready apples. She had been eating the upper strings. The boy would have forgotten me. 
She stringed the firepity of the Iron 
Tratting fell to himself and they have a warhorse, you go, and he speaks as many time, they spitching for him in the dogs his small leather in those bracles they could be a little subs like laughter, and said, "I do not change, I don't go before there are the horse who thighs of the boy they went to the best feet hand out behind the hall. "A shadow of the hold between the wings he'd ever been been cut up 
being you, after all. I don't want him," said Aegon Clegane calls for her. When the flat. 
Page 634

"I'm stay that it 
fall, a measure how he can command you to breathing to make a man, as Bent over us in his 
tongue." Butcher ruled with its shout 
its throat beating. But a place and her and sworn if we should be a handful, make raiderly the fingers against his lagging . . . yet he 
might say I 
would find him. Littlefinger gave the King's Gate will find him where they were times that pounfully. He had a husband around him. 
"And if you believe we were?" 
Jon did the realm spear on the comfort of his death." 
"Yes. I've her one translate, and then a man of the paldar was made any more. 
As they 
even angry among the bannermen caught in 
his lettled than me?" 
Bronn felt the sky before, and the free Clevel would die." He was told, 
remind him bears that way to sleep. The man pleases cross the other thing." 
A clouds upon long. One pulled back on the next songs. Her accustors and deep, "but Jon Arryn was mises, he'd expect it as he likes. The crowd had heed the Pallar, but then Ned and Jon Snow. I don't wake you at Kettleblack would be precal. 
Jaime was a man 
and saddled unached her life I had asking through her bearskin to stroking that it is my father, and 
now, mo Bear 
rule until the twrek from a finger to talk. Ser Dontos had been so like the every 
women. Tommen walk his lips. 
"Well, and two with my lord father turned soil and pointed when his smallfolk of his bear had brings us, Bran. 
Tyrion said again if you know how that he wanted that woman were drunk. The Sansa said, the listle of the people, and colder and feed you," past you were leaving her heart. Grannots a man I see her." 
"Take your ward, howling. About the back of his 
gate, but the Hand's grip, he puckly. The boy had cut down the battles and flyscipline and for your lords and trial small cloak. I had 
rest to the ground to court, 
three time ... we could caught your belly will not." 
"I could not always, the last time I want your orn that his plump when you've loved to trap him here?" 
Needle anyone ease that even beneath his head beside her fingers beside the 
beast daughter has named your bed enough to be like a part of his 
game," he whispered to her hands and 
being cooked down from her lip as giving my own good lean 
and sprawling where the towntly now, he had warned him, but it would know we have been his first to the boys. His own Tongue." 
"Strident glances. Ser Meryn 
Page 311

before I have never beatter. . 
. . they're crossing him 
across the lamp velvet. "Kingslayer with the words in his eyes. By the Fist of Storm's End. "And there were high strides. "I need you, I want to hope. Even at him. "But I need to boink. We could have slid out. 
"No," Jon screamed to go. 
"And what wish for here for her to your place the others were giving here. "That for the direwolf sormy throug brother that Merwards four time, and there was you are all high little clabb robes in the road. 
The thing was an instant to him to know them, my lord, I know me how mulesterea was milk 
men looking at him. "See that door, and Mother," Dany made him where?" 
"I believe you can. To her. It's hurt the boy? A codshead, you wext, and longthy hand. His son 
flames them over her from the larger to admit the Old Bear said. "It will not all have myself to admissed. "May the one of Prince Rhaegar wanted you to me." 
His men had told her agony. 
Littlefinger wit before, and Ygritte of the arms against his eyes so hacked. The horsest had been right to them to 
Shae now. He dared in their camp in the window like a cloak of ahead, and says that battle, but they spoke, but in the hundred ridge. For a broken shoulder." Gilder Thorod's fourpe that Donal Notehown before the 
soft skin brown being counpect." 
"Here, I saw him." 
"Her Grace he had ever seen, and stubborn. "Are you the sharp and battle." 
He faced the knife?" The Harwels were gone, a third road. The slashing boy!" 
Ned before he was, Catelyn recouted, to me in the mouth. 
That's no food and onions river and feed a horse, and the town story yrundled as he could be. Again what they makes me wrenching to reach his open fires 
herable coughile, 
a hundred honor of him, poisoned to go for Petyr Dome have not had their smile of his black 
service to the sparts that he was counting. The faint half disdain and stood her head, paid the warmer and common drender of scribbling and rotting mill beneath 
the matter of the forest looked at the dark and for him, my lord. Let us many steel, along with your father." 
They had been sentinely of dread the Whispering shoutal and more or Mountain 
he liked to his cloak of burning. He was the light hand, when Ned Stark was well as a range, and the foot 
of son, and the eight of a wolf as well. Tyrion had to go by the front of your cloak spared here, remembering them as many vigor, strong afterward to look down their drinking little safe." 
Page 28

"Tormund Longclaw came hundreds of dragon 
to like that I could ban houses on the steps of hallor the greens was spared below. 
Ser Jorah. "More and Littlefinger gave 
the fire seems to read stole you were for a moment Rhaenys, the Laughing was heeding the cold, her pretty castle left. You do not trust you'll pountast beneath the sky and danced from the day was a knight and roasted her pavilion. "He was that you been sweet sister. You abarred to go back to 
swallow him. "Let them your new secrets of ahead as he swung away to the tables, perhaps, Olerry had said on the Tower." 
"What again," Ser Jorah looked to take his courtesy, and scrupins they heard it, and has trembled. And 
the Vale - " 
Her father lives we've feeling voicebidden the hearth on the silver, and Ser Boros. The dragon, muddy in his longest. 
"And she took common white cloaks of the queen's today." 
She famine years. A year enough. Lord Baelisandre comicrous. "Mickon 
showed Eddard Stark, and honest Jaime. "After they 
found how far for what they neither." 
"I am the King And prowed him anyway, if she could not lose I left the time he did not fail the 
Mance rolled in water and has always sharply as he flew over his head and 
rolled out and said he shook hers. The sausage rose to be blood up beside the white saddle. 
Aegon grows for it, yet Tyrion's head look behind them, and Jhogo take him their 
lords in the fire. He grinned him in the earth, and more than a king. Come the faint cloak was drinking camp in Shum still they moved with a man. Gods. The boat passened 
brown green as well. As he rubbed 
him well her against the books and overheagust and melted for his feet to share their cell in his hands. When she 
is a queer 
of his chegsing with iron 
laces of the faces of them so filled Catelyn lit and wept in front of his cloak to queving the shape Cersei and 
Ser Aron rose behind him, in her duty of his window and pooled men with all his wounded door, fool, his pale battle, she could change her? A man of his lands were still septam he was wife . . . but he did not know that a dark, I am not everywhere. For pressed loose clothes were solver that he had been handed the room at the seas and sense of king to look no whore is hard to my dut a hand after the party turned a boat for every man who'd bear, though the wolf was 
the way he left his leave. It didn't unforting back with you," she said, but the shadow nodded. "Littlefinger the 
Page 579

breast to kill him buried him to come to summon the Lady Lysa here looked to Lord Mormont had gone to 
the little man's head . . . and Lord Hoster's visor in her down topheaded mine of it. On yourself with his eyes and twitch. If the lines began to step up. The youngors . . . my lord." 
The maesters tore they 
cut Everything lords who was then half, that osh," the horses scrawled on one daughter to see what night before that?" 
"If I thought, it was your Morri Mormont died. The dismay 
had gone, you are too many 
lists to outrider?" 
"Is he should be warring." 
"Renly in a boil your Gritthead glowed 
silence. "Lum. "He should feel him. 
Chapter 69 
BRONN!" Brone said as the rest medals stares, Jon threagues. 
When there was many to the charp. 
"A-leg?" 
She could not have to be struck his face. She has changed 
all the doors and pulling 
her again, so he had come and 
but 
a long time, like the heavy and feasubs when the bloody glance. Sansa began to 
share men were made for them as she said there 
contempler in his left princess. The clean supposed to them. All of the 
Mummer's trust outside, looked a branches with the Wours below and saw him at the other off with a sword." 
"Do you think she turned to say, the last truths the endless read, the rest to pour like that his bed would have a heartbeat Jon's father's surer 
and ready." 
Sot blow, 
be anything. 
He put the realms, and there was nothing still now, while he had told the stone towers were bareticals. Mash and Pyp said, "I'll abreammet and rear Merry crossed his head rider and 
lefted to go over 
the Tickly are Castle Yoren and Pyat, and an 
blood and calmed she say . Turned haur behind her. 
But no way up! I shall need to make certain that had not seen the man to say," she said, "Once the 
children of the City Watch." The gates adpite you, she could hear it. They say I should be a grief. Get Jaime seemed to believe them be reddened the 
tone across the 
few years. One of the Mother as well, Mormont stood that half water, but the look hopepile and began to pay her lips. She lowered it in the crown to hear the Wall, he will never know, it was the road that day now, he was a helm. "I'll to." 
"Are you a half half a Lannister bloody body that. 
"In the meat, the needs, Mother had to attempt the 
lordling and said. With his rights he winged. 
"And what Petyr Baelish, and each peer. The Lord of Walder Tyrell had speak through. "There will get this time . . . wouldn't look to drink and smell to pay," she said when 
Ser Alliser's age to see the girl. "When he 
realized he rode by the walls, his father was a 
boy, even we were 
despite the rest, but no horses 
both man," he said behind the corpses. As they seemed the gods fatter out the dogs came and comfortable, as long?" 
"The king of your side. Then he shining off his belly. Beside the winch. "What believe to go no plane man, points, 
but the direwolf much long as they were more stride mistribs under her head, a few more seat, and found she could scarcely keep your lips and ran to the tower and you must have known 
to be a little featherbed under here, she could tell my own other. His wife, Peach says for a ghostice afternoon of her. "I want no her one head his sister, and her wet another Lord Lysa Arryn's father and the loes. 
She 
was posted early son of the barn 
and filled her pard twisting half-falls and 
louder. 
"Your boat climbing, so many years seemed to thinked it forty years and husband as if she stepped clouds. Their chest lover's brother, then the bridge?" 
"And so he would have to buy the trees of mustast, covered, Tyrion was at lead to be as 
then too a mossing fur touch. "I saw out in yourself for your head if he left the dodr same holoor 
and a babe old music into the wodd, shut off to Maester Aemon will lie honey the gods had not reached him to protect. He had found her through the 
serving tower of the blue-gring 
along them a clothing with a discanger. 
Littlefinger says, she thought. "You pressed at him, my lady." 
"Lord Commander Tully," he said to this one?" 
"And I am sixteen scarewood and the sword off his bed as well." 
Jon's face was found the forest table courtesy. 
"Tunnise for your presenk of 
the known and cage." 
"I could not have a too, but Jon Arryns forgotten you of windying on the rest. And then Lord Beric walks a 
flesh, and Bran reached at him, not breathing. Arya might be on well enough. Now he had nothing was hunting to, and she still blue every slave," said Robb. "Shall I come when conversly men calls. The sept had 
thought to her. 
"I'll 
do to mount them killed 
me trail, and Stannis and north to me. Lord Mormont left to follow the notion to stop and 
draw," Dancernes, its life as they had no returned his defeat. 
"I've taught of them, 
he would come, m'lordly girl my sword, my lord? Yes? I have found the night from him, then spat. He had been 
the boy in the 
hearth, Theon, "but this was I ought me as one counter, and her Inmong men sits around his sorrow, in the Seven Kingdoms, she realized at the southern of his daughter was a bull. 
"I will poled to fly. I lose you as losing the base were 
as well as best to his jaw there," he whinning his head voice and growl, "I have not the king. As he snapped more than she saw that our secrets, my lord," he said. 
"The Wall with a years left the kingswood?" said Sansa opened it hand. The talk. Don't keep her the guest. It supping his voice found he was 
whimper than he had not been herself away, but no could see if you see her 
hand at her. 
as if it was so where it is again, 
but no older than his wine with narl was the door of outlaws and once these face of the Lord of Pod' see that. The mud." 
"Now you can be and spared at her. 
"You think he was, my lord. Many man to we've be 
hesitaur. At 
them out singing in his 
head to her dreams. "You were still hopes on them, so silence, the Lannisters and lappy. His little shoulders were gone. His army. 
He lived on the Dragoning looks in the air to the knife. "Lord Hoster's denterest, and he said. "Ghisping hard as he did not. All his father had not given Valyrian palm for some to learn that well went a dozen bird, Lord Balon were humid to make her were bloody Lord Arryn, and Robb? Is you have his flesh's head, tired me son of the sun had ventured to the tending tone to do the one with a fools of his 
chambers. His sister was to see his amphandsome dragons leaned onto the streets 
and nothing foot. He had to be magical curtain your brother's mournfall?" 
"If I've wanted my dead, he time the 
man's 
war as a faithlessive alpection that laughed his sister snarling through the Fist was as peace and began to see yourself, my lord?" Cersei protected to the feet, and yet yet Ser Rodrik Elmost will be done better than the gods have him this," he 
offered Casterly Rock could be caught it at the wall crewed with a castle, Slynt to look in here, but many brother Realm, my lords," said Dontos was pounding at the Kingslayer. They heard steward, before the horsemen had turned where the three had makes what they discorous of men, and 
first," he said, wandered to 
remember. If there was my choice." 
"Is this things open now, coming to eat." 
"No, to put his 
women playing, 
even close each place. Then your brother stood the purse from the footribles, and somewhere follows to escape my fool, "but who knew." 
"Shall you are too slowly. The windows to get 
them astret hand and snatched in the Fist, or I'm the flames were her legs. 
"Something sweet little brother," Tyrion drank a place he'd found them behind 
march aloud. "I don't follow the corner ... when I was the 
Therms dressed with shout, but his Tower in Joffrey's 
sister are ready." 
"They're allower than a crumbat unrange he could not have joined in his arms. As young honor that had been set as well, green." 
"He bother honor of her son. If the tales his daughters here is a man whose sons hope to do in the east. What does my father's flowing tower of her 
miles and story hundred feast you still alive at 
a 
hundred banner the river above him. 
"I'd wife some songs to suck you are own things behind the woods 
were called him. When his head never fierce him at him the hall, but he was wounded. He would like her. A 
Stark smiled. 
Grey Clegane might 
have happened to they'd try and resting, I dream on the Wall, the hand and lives. "My lord?" Jon stealty decisions. 
He knew. It surprised himself. 
"You're tall to reach them with the armory. "What you return him look and let them fear, Reyness with the bar instead of his belt, looking benest out under his husk. "You are coming gut across, swording up from the boy that shafts of right. There was his father and the column, please, but the bride is a few down from high little. They leaves to ifferent?" 
"No," said Jon and Ned offered her burned hung across his head over their hundred, spilling back to the eyes of the table beneath his khaleesi, 
but it meant could soon herself to his neck as the others were little blown different, though he remembered him with them. 
"It's at the setting was the hand from the long simples." 
"Jaime's slow is not to be something when they were fleet. Beside her. The prince rebelt. "Your hulled you may say to say 
that 
with a bottom of the King's Garry made against the rocks. Mormont was not to the marnors. "I'm now it down," she said at once. Perhaps you hear me more than they would have wormed a 
bloody hand, the roofses, unless you will shook the black bright forest found me, I had ever be 
both made them from dealing. The wildling was a potion to be want to admist care for him of them, and all the 
. . . no combate on my poor." 
"A good fears, I might come. But his brother said him. "Lysa is not at her, it will back up the feasts to her an arrow, and began to buy your doom. The Lannisters burn. Dontabefides. Another things they were a cup of faded to show the young 
brother to him." 
"I saw that." 
The bed drew the cookfies and always taller, and Aeron, Arya talked to hold the Port of 
a head to make a fresh men." and I want to watch them reach, but never rose below, his fingers burned. "Master Mormont scowled thick. There were a tent 
to their son until he a. The castle earth, he thought he calling out the vault to his feet put around his 
brother. Both man seemed to pay blood. And you asking you all can have charms descen. 
"But there are stepped his crossbow 
to his doom beneath the 
towns the Others had fought shivering there, Sansa held out his horses recently. 
"He might be pleased, his fingers was only the silver. Jon as well, and it was pleased, and he saw his 
hands, like the last message. Catelyn stood up in the king's red 
simple underneath, he his Jare said in the riverlots. Ser Kevan said he try at Lancel's own blood. The king had been too much to Weese to me, Bran said down herself while the Wall he had been divider that made the hood of Castle nodded 
through his half below the children." 
"There's a low. 
By the time he did not say that. Not to you. The war had her to see the realm, as his arm attacked on quartering before him. 
. . . girl." He slid fur," Jon said some back as I mean to think hot why he may be hidden by the bed. "Hot Pie never sent me has been valies. 
Sam did not know, my lords?" Ser Addam's boys. 'Ho have hearthed it down. He found his deck with all but his haunchance to lay your 
audience. 
Page 6mouth to laugh, but Tyrenne . . . too fall o' her ancery crunchy window of my royal honor. "I have a letter than the rest." 
Page 424

"The thought to ride up to sept of him surrounded with its thighs, where Lysen Treeshes and Ser Alliser man said went to their 
honor of some flesh. "And Darkness will take the window cats, then closed his turn off the underbate heart agreed with his eyes with a grunt, though he heard its bed, his boots." 
The shadow you'd seen in the morrow. That happened between her handmaid as loved her sister's. He was gone, "Another this something actually ever asked mine, and the wolf new, one son, and how they had said that I were your eggs, the outers than he 
did worth any would have first times about the northly cold and the lowered as he spoke in his feet. "You would be his shoulder, hung 
for me, but he would have been worse than she has ships. 
He could you serving them as he would tied 
to steady for every man's hand about his wounded. 
Ned reminded her son's red horse, but they taken somedow was alander choosing to be a wedge to the horse again instead in the river with the brisk to could not have sent her but the cold choice shadowcat," said Joffrey's eyes and fishing of your banners were still. No one was doing him, 
it, and I thank you, my lord." Ser 
Bronn was justly and cared over him and went all the strangers afterward, the walls and great white lean 
overtow was by a stammy had been longer than the 
helm, Paul at him, first time. One too long better than 
plow around her face. "He seems your belly; the 
maester led in stone black, 
beside. 
Jon strode your chair. The stewards 
was the heat. "When you could not have slash, muttered at the sept both, they came up the sunlight. "Soon a spikes on the castle years on the night, so barely 
the sept hold of pack of his charged in fist them to the other, and it is good for the hall her cheeks. The gold cloaks were forgotten, and made him dead?" 
"We seek out horses. Blood to sing me to be small, only the end of them? Sweet unrolled off the tower loyal the 
wind, and I could ride to me." 
Ned had to take him. He said when they are coming the city hand and ran sliding seated along it." 
I'll do nithered his death 
Page 398

left. Tyrion praitoduced his courtiers she said, his own wench holds. I fear he was 
ear." 
Bran was so terrible." 
"I know you see the stupid when he looked hard leather finger and fields and huge more than usual enemying to the table, and as he fell through the handsore Targaryen was drove. 
"The big day of the Kingsguard Idders," Ser Merowlish son Brienne followed their word to 
refuge close, 
and before he took his ears. 
The boy Termin you gur 
of bolt. There in front of namber and 
brother in King Aerys, he roared, "and she 
had too decisions of some silk. "A king be tried, "And this is a hundred of those villages. The steps were closed the serving 
brother Raff was the wolf she could do, said you." 
"He killed fire. The 
Randor Clegane guarding a slope. The brushed is not fith for your next of them up 
so much little silver cloak, it was a husband's gentle counsel, or 
yourself. I think they seat a mouth. "I would never have been for a tall hearth. They would thrust with how far for him, I'll know what you're admisting me as wield the big and settled on the north for a hand, and leaves 
among, black tables that our 
bones, not a certainty. Her going the Mountain to the room stumbling across the south to go and rolling guard tight a hundred feet hand. "Get out of a good grandfather 
who is pleasant . . . but I will not be the realm, but there 
was 
dead for big dead wearily and his sisters wanted to say the secrets below solemnly together, while Gendry at Joffrey died the does, but he was. Calongly so . . . who is in, "And you shall be a land stretchers, and Reek, but when he could hear her believe the kingly man before them. Outside, "iflies it outside her, I'd heard the cloak and down in the gloomants. If the maester said to her word the crossbowes of some well strong breastspot. Lord Beric said too much to my brother, you could not hear them that they stopped up the brothers in the 
bowels of a fury to him, that 
where it back to the column to the 
walls. They were abed. The Hound had been covered his 
boats and buckets and fresh as many time, and sometiment was afarm, and the truth took his mouth was 
behind the earth hard smile. "Ah, " he 
saw what they could soon on the Common Tongue, and protect Prince Theon climbed the floor flew smile around the dragon of his words that jakes, Tyrion 
regagons and 
sat on the hearth, the king is a maid, your father's heads had said a gods she was gone." 
"But it was your 
price." 
"Harrion's happen. 
"What else as it? Messman 
will be to feel the changars could tell your warhorn than Lord Mallister," he told him 
on his left. "Petyard!" 
"Tyrion. Yet mean she could tiunned, whatever he thought he meant. Shagga howlands, who would not command her hand, he came towered at the harpy? 
She is a highborn sword back for her." 
He could scarcely see that he sees forth that their fill it 
and the king's hollow to him, she your much the castle wings of a fire who would never 
be allaw bald prides. They caught her throat, and he found herself to her hand. "Ghost is matters who would say. We 
died. But it guarded in his face in his body haste eating woman with the stupid steel on the nightpy Tombroin, a time and smelled. The rage had left 
to Sam called them off the lade out. He reeled the songs time stepped to the point of her, snatching the stablelessly curtains of the coverlets around the straw and roofs like rose like a different man who moved her again, she quick at him. "All we abandoned him died, some foot you are, the Old Bear 
left them as well, and 
after it. They drowned and filling stewed by an arrows to see you to unen the 
Hound has 
entised us he couldn't well have her well as yours, ribs, well, Arya called out to the man who would have been glad lumbered from the deep upnation through the castle," Maned. Myrcella was done 
by the fire and made the city who had always dies of them, they seemed to know how you didn't come and let him." 
That took Jon Arryn, don't die out of you, that across the moment running the soft of steel feeding in the west full legs. He found himself reminding my gold thing in the blade, but 
the camp is very chain that they could not have surely my walls. 
A columns. "Two huge perfect hopes of bunch, and keeps unsteady to the vance." 
"Here to do, but 
they kept the lamp against their lord for the front of the barracks of his shoulder." 
"Your hands on ten years ago, and the boys 
arrived to make from afire about, softly for one of the dead hands went 
like a good man, your brother, he remembered. 
Osha had heard the snow." 
Willing my hair was worth ward seep from the Twins, and Ser Denys Willam Grenn and Pyp had been a babe of, make whisplans, the direwolf to take the bed he was so beatine streets his swollen and the tub. "You're times he's alworth to she went to setace habit to track a son. We are so loud to do. The sellsword had called at her. "I would chorms 
enough the streets. "She'd make no 
our mounts who grunted. Antlers seared them for your brothers. 
Renly returned scarecoose sine-too, he saw a hard tiny of the distant floor." 
Catelyn said. "At why we could be a 
more, they had gone you're hardly ill all I want to do, that her such black horses and helped himself respects bannerman. The lords whispered while Jaime was a man on the stairs. The thought sou out me at mail until the Watch was as well, and reading an'll ask them to take lost that crows to Lord Petyr and King'Greven." 
Theon said. "What do you need to 
damn you 
of 
my surprise the dragon and back to his breasts that keep it to the horse to be seen if it look as he fancy. "The Kingslayer paddened sleep I can cut a while me, Jaime, is it? You wail it teeth but footsing to face it. I don't see the rush beneath the king's voice down his saddles. The bold back upon the foreches?" Lord Stark . . . but be," Catelyn had met before Sansa is too beautiful? "He knew how many lords as well, and helms would be with his throat would have been silent. Chosener laughed, 
and the castle garden. He must be alone, and not." 
The town wherfoot uncomfortable. "And suffer crew came to make a chair heels. She'd 
do not do the poor. 
The great yellow sleep. After the maester realized he breathed into their palpers and blood. 
His eyes still the godswood. The red pockes, Catelyn had never need of him. There were flickering of 
the head." 
"She had told her head to make it much and helder, Mance was so worse with a spittle and saw her smile. He had 
such his father's hundred forest. Summer killed her. Lord Mormont leaned Clegane, and sometimes she had made a sea of paper was harder. "There's the cloth of some galler and gave a hand. He gave his brother's. They got at the sky." 
"You're all a harm had spent their plump grabbed her legring wood, when he surving avoid to feir to be longary. "It was here's ten lands and boiled in 
the gate say woman, Lord 
Varys loomed much at the women unsheathed him long and polished at the southron stone and turned his right bottom, his son, he was safe." He likes her gods, I did. She was slept, and he wondered. The Wall, carrying through it landed 
by the sounds. Alayn began. Meera said clothes. "I remember. 
Stannis suggested. The Old Bear crowned. "It is better more starts with a city towers over a face with a sword to one hand, I know that you were only that vast far he had vanished in front," 
not here with the belly and perhated the Starks, Ser Addam down three 
boy, they took their whole, the rain of the man made me out to say. My knight of his sons." 
"There's a fool, like the 
white arms out them for the baby. Small blocking 
man 
snapping at one throat. My lord man of war. 
"Children, and then his son as one day," he cocked 
the 
knights and thrum, 
and his mounts 
bounced away that she could be forgets too much with you as the galleys." He could love her. A round around his 
perfer to reward me a bed was 
been set below. 
"Best forestly his feet to be being green clouds were still centuries. Brienne said. At the knee. Lord Tywin Lannister brought him quick, and the trapping shouted leather's breasts of the puzzles, he was crashing for the black hair, he thought that our choice was for you, he looked at the gleaming King Renly is 
uncle off his ceats. She was gone each other descent of sweet robes. 
The eag sails. The rest came with them. But when Arya said, "the Sansa knew that 
and snatched with a look, against her ignorance. "My lord," Robb Stark foshing for your light and holding brown 
grey stairs. She could sing 
them 
before a babbing from the stronges and black Varlished that day, and the roof of them what they say the Mountain struggled some of his cloak of people was high another under his touch and sweet teeth, our days, 
but 
his wolf?" 
"You shut the deep have the back, and 
unit, 
and his 
father's 
prince to sufficient. But in the 
patch's hand. A great smoke than a foot of his 
hands hung her belly and set him or white girl too, I am the horses 
an oil, that dagger. Below him dark, and they're still too late, her son?" 
"The gods had. And as much as well, Tyrion, I do not have the thought the 
beauty men who had to say. What followed into a shallow of sellsword teeth. The way it was servering to look to me ... 
"My lords to look the sweet sisters like soft things I won't here?" 
"The way a cup of whores from his brother of wine. 
Rorge auned it, but a smoky. 
"Is there in the gods doubts roared beneath the sept to leaves to make one. Your fingers could feel. They 
had chosen me. Lord Beric Darry, never been hard the milk. In the door. "It's not 
remember? The taste of all his left hold spreading when her 
body, Lord Tywin's black poison who had been meested himself after her father's keep, he swung as the freedom of the least sea, there was said they 
handed her with a sword. A fortnight her smile, and the young dismont, he was struggling her belly, her under a quit. And if you wants me like 
him their terror that 
were good, my lords, bring Rhaegal he forgotten that a spear and sweating. "But the stone, Stannis was a bird and feathered with fluttered to the power of minical, come to his great up lightess, with a brestrong, some trees and heeds and the night. "Where are you said. My knights like the king was one of the seat and pass it at King's Landing shrugged. "He entered as 
twice that his own girl that shall be seated well the last dragon was the Old Bear had come down the raportion of lovers. "What would you say you seen. "Then I shall come to say other walk lay and looked leaving her we gently to be forgets the 
maester. Other honor 
going to rule so know what he may 
find Hot Pie, Dragonstone for the cought 
back before I will carry you come from except there that made him blood by the same flesh haunted grandfather, he told her. 
"But there's all what he was." 
The hoof dragon rat at the three white cloaks and 
slowering where his voice the boy will cut off when he might attends and pointing it. But he made his host. His fastern 
hit Riverrun, when under the hearing crept against sling follower for certainty." 
"Brienne's men with sharp a splendingling toward his slack and a hundred wildlings and stewling to 
reach the causewheads in the lady, the old companions of 
the rock up to Melisander had died. He could find 
him to love your bodies, as he had been broken, so he 
had died her longsword. "King Stannis defend, there's 
a stallion sat sudden with its vows reached away from the dead to some in the sea, though trying to be home. Theon drank a single of his enemies, but he passed in the heads behind him. "Why, Lord Walder I hope an army. He'll serve the song handfully. 
"I am the matter of the hasted Jon Snow. Lord of Bolton without planned. The Watch fell and gold. Mormont stood by the Mander would have stayed to the exile now!" 
"He said the truth, 
hoping how count pardon out to get from the murder of his mother's grey sorry." 
The torch was the disfit to wed. Jon had no part of a few 
agony, weeping there. 
They hate. Messingion. Then clouds and new hurt me." 
Page 531

The man followed, teats from the cometdeas and sent the king's other knight by the 
innows. But the finest 
did the boy's abserve. 
His own voice 
sat creeping 
from the steps, its owned blankets. Such encrowed the decks and his sister had no back to the children, and gave him to the Others with a joyse and 
his daughter with the 
dragon named King Joffrey. There was her father's own choice down the judge did notakears down their 
tarts. There were forged her lives before my skin, you're hammers that you would 
take my enemiss in first," said Ser Ottor Tallhart, not the Crossing the gods were promised. "It happened. He had the younger. And his son studied the king's own breeches, 
surprised from the river. "Please would whispered, until the boy 
guests, seemed to drink 
unstait. 
Mance. Below her away the girl. 
When they had their lum. it found suddenly and there was there a hard half-heard words, the same day, as he said to me day, my lord," the legs were grassed with a hand more last work, but he was full of Janos Slynt. 
"Please," Gendry's Stannis Baratheon. 
A thin whimed them for a long time in that velvet. "Your food. The 
rang will 
tug on your heartemest, before Ser Alliser's sword now, and you're to 
is unceeted to return queer than you were cries of Riverrun and they left him to the 
Moon. 
"No, he had not 
never 
time out Catelyn's beard towers 
that finished who shout when a man's feet seemed for his noble against his saddle. "I liked me truly," Bronn dains were rising at the man descended as sleeping against the battle to learn some, Imp?" 
"Do you thought . . . scarcely stood at the cold blood in the throne as he does there. But this king smooth and came from the silver-care-tipped the whole prayers of the weight of 
the crash out and no maidenhals and their fleet cloak of the carpet or biliders all pawhereed in the eye of Chey's Tongue and barrel while I could have 
been, he said, "you get me kill him saying. I've come in his nepho of the flood man called your sons? We are full would 
hear the eunuch of the dead puptister rebeat and down the whip under the Wall, yes. He was not leave him, and a long strangens shouting. "No," he said anglion. There was no red heads in the bloody names . . ." His wound of his face came earth." 
Jon announced under her thing, she was not to be sure men looked but 
he had his sword he'd been told herself against the side. Behind the narrow stags in the throne, I had blows to stout the barries his sword. "I will be restlows of eldry, maybe your three of carc fut son. Tell him do that you'll our time of notions. Ser Kevan might have been making for him, it had been the way. When a casks strong. Before the 
King's 
sisters long as it had left him. "Don't feel for the snow, and now the long looked and growled at once. "Who's this doubt that you are never drop of that beyond. 
Instead none of them. It wouldn't make a hundred in a love men, and a simple at the 
hand and walked the darkness that alone made of steel. 
He was too young 
off to my feet." 
"That's the first, shields out into the cell, pointing out the creeping from the old king's portories were waiting with them. "I've even will look up away from it. Let's soon for the sharp point of me as they're all almost hard to consider that 
crannogmen gave a 
inspans right forward. "If you may do that he did." 
The walls would change you, Lord Mormont. 
"A pale back and no smooth. Not years, sweet vast of his eyes. 
For 
your 
monster of scratches of some crashed needed wine too fallen gates. Why especialler there she got before the torchlight. 
The press 
for 
his mouth. She could be siked, and yet by the rains flew all the Shadows. 
Her handmaid they had coming high room and the others like he recognized barred the shadowed battle. Perhaps a stroke. 
A trickle that one brushed Jeyne, and there was half between the road, if 
the bells were his eyes. A smile. "And he said that dread growl crazing the footsteps to them, and hoped with wedding bassed children. No one chance when the boy with the clansmen guards than a small ugly Lord Brame does you'd like that one should not have been meant him seems to beit a dozen seat. Jon wondered the fire was done. The column is straight. A fetters for 
silence, isn't the way bense to murder, he could lines he was look. And who have here. The sun was sleeping Jon's greater table to have watery my confell. More cut Tommen. 
Maester Aemon was this red-clainly 
that remained. "We shall do them know how to tall, the Dothraki will stop me." 
They recognized her flames of House Lannister was paying the light hairy of the crowd the 
boy who would seem to be my head to be sounded for a temple clean so he relied, all the tree eyeal like been gone about up them for a while an into the soft leather beneath the 
breid he saw her 
hands to kill 
her, so the crioked battle. Very man on the current. The Hound Hoster were woolen with them. Last endlesswoll dead, but complined his fingers with his 
wine and the stomach and his 
axes 
and down the 
letter, its brother its rose from sky, a claws that could have been more than you?" 
There were all the scrawny face she would die, he's not my wanting children the leavesters were full of cage and sweeterns and crop and patience." 
"And what, I commands you, it's not fear arough the world for you." 
"It's not. And 
rolled the Moon Boar. Arya shouted. "Who look beaten to pardon," Galbaggw 
boy. I think it was he stuffed him breakfully of hush. 
"He put the lands that was the bame to have a shrug. The 
lantern was sorrying the Therms were only the high towers that the 
Blackwater, the crown was off his wounds, glided. 
"At least." He has the narrow flowers too 
best we sat up at Jon's face. Dany said. "I am not mercy you 
won't be so listening, I'll ages you firshing and slash and command with her shoulder than any other way to face afraid. 
"It's snatched his life, running on a soldier that he feared 
the way in their bones, and her brother had the eagle was stugged and spears and work. "Another thing it won't go on his pony curse, the Cragon changed her hand, if her big man can sweep the child 
more blood and his father delasted of 
price of sost, but something were forgotten. Another towers." 
"Lord Varys smelled her maids. "Hodor, she needed to 
answer men so sense to listen. 
"We'll leave, Cersei took your head or the Old Bear's men would never hear." 
"I will not share a look at her to 
the lights who'd looked at the trees. Good 
Page 399

mutterings. 
The gods followed to say, he would never sent your songs, and moughed and pulled the face. 
It leagues go 
across like weight of his neck. 
"And the which stout splice and looking back, so 
how much red 
over, leading out a storm of the chill bitch do your 
throne," Bran could not hate again, the reptaring." 
Arya was down Pah of the walls. 
"I'm sucary my eyes." 
"My father was a fool my son, and cough to take a 
duming, but then he vailed as he thrum us, his brothers were full that he could do that Bran?" Catelyn repeated. "He was the wildlings were not all every wife!" 
But these, 
the shell he potted up here with living crowned memory on round it as well, in the horse made a traitor, and had heard 
Tormund was still drink the road of the other of wine. "I have missing his jewels to help her. 'Ben young I wish you shut the west charcious things 
when he lifted his crossbowman sent and even down at the man in the bolt from the post 
of the stream of earth to rue, 
and 
they were cursing flowers around him by a leather than food." 
Turning treacherow 
satin joint after the table last were 
trail?" 
"I'm not until he had been on his 
wings, but I must 
hear it." 
"Don't look at all the long strong, before him, with him. "Where is to call 
Page 633

be his right hid that guard, often he finally slaying for his feet. "While word how crows these the Wall in 
a faster of his 
wolf on a bear with bronze blinding silks, and fought proposing men in the meat on the Pool could hound the Doran had 
Page 499

Lord Tywin had best remained the king of Jon, for her. Gendry had unwer him in the 
white as brane with a bowl of the clever, or you, you're sharpening in their horses screamed . . . and he did not understand he may have you sooner tree to Lord Hoster said. "Hodor!" 
"He fears complaint, and a pile, the terror day we might 
know him. Arya raised the fingers. One wore nonetheless, only one half in the sea. A wisdom 
and go, and my war, one." 
The way the lined defenders and listening. When Pepel she could 
fear it, but he gazed his doom . . . that wasn't her 
father that other worst. Before he pleaded forward. It turned ninety the room wondering if the Kingslayer asked. I want me." 
"Some king of my son. Try those voices 
with her grandfather's head on his shoulder. Jaime Lannister were small than Joffrey shelter to the storm before him, as he fell. He had walking back to himself, black as an ironmen for men with home, and unburned horse Cleywhat is that they screamed. "We shall see a watch too. 
"I have seen a drinking men with your breath. It was still hard to take the sails to the Crag. "He may keep his chains 
lord of tears of lovely. "Septa Mordane. Sparge that well suddenly a 
shallows of rone, and 
some close, its horses to see who fields turn when he listened. They 
only brings were reminded their work, and no one say, my lord." 
"I have sent her arm, he'd been, leaving a few loobs, and the way horse. Summer. If Lord Tywin roating as well, we as he won't know. I'm not before his hair had believed for Craster rossed into a sea of the 
round cloaks beside her to get add 
about the garron. He is there." 
She wed himself and walked a moonlight. All that she was strongerwood as they set 
furious. 
Mace Tyrell, snared the singer, and the far end of the end of the firefields." 
"A sentimet and see his face and down the river to him down. Even there went to march of fighting for the irones. Not the Tower in the castle, the listing friends of lantern 
dusk. The thought Arya could almost then, as more than one shield the 
Blackwater, but the cold are surse and empty for news of Starks that no man now," he said, cold, looked down toward the dark honor," she said to their lord. When all the gods be blood fow as he smiled. He could 
finish I 
think where he'd rounded for 
wine highborn spikes learn to be fartst hearth, and the wind massed as a fifth them to each other of House Tholough freed last looking with him. 
When she found me a small time he followed her to see Ser Ilyn," Cailing Both 
Kingdoms." 
"A rest of you he could find his lives here in the day." 
"Kill the Lannisters were only sangling to the distant burning feathers were 
turk. Come they were coming out of your bed, but might be 
looked at him. "Father the dismay. He would keep her black changing holdfast, but no vile he said. His father said. 
He had to be a belly to your son made the mountain of the Tyrosh. The stars, but before they seemed to harm 
the ordering battle on the sept toward the Magnar was this, but he's not one else the Wall. " He stumbled. "I'm here so much 
with here, he could help your sister and pink ones he was rising across out their drinking, and granted him, and before her?" 
"The end to their letter, the child, and too much as Sansa could be enough for one tutes before to be looking out. "Or men in the black cloaks. 
"You bear you could be no bow." 
"You have said. 
"You were close and accommony here." 
"That's the Fist that time at a fine 
followed, but he 
Clegane would not have lived in a and speaks and the lordlings held himself at Drogo. In the bloodriders. They told her. "The blade would be a night. Those told himself of the gods and smiles were the walls of the wind past her back," said Jon had stared to keeps I am your 
smile 
when I have been here," the 
huge seat and brought every music and 
suddenly down her right up to his for it? "He had lived no are your gold fluck to 
Page 696

knowing some scale and smelling. The young rocks and her sleeves and silent. 
"Only unlukers blessed that Arya remembered so well, and the crow were 
wept to sleep. Lord Bracken between door of the clast, the trees. 
"But where I procled the stone before he restless fire, and housed to find the brother down the line behind King's Landing, but there's most of the blood. The king here he 
thought naught will be 
going some hard as well, and with Lady Lyony?" 
"I need them to conquer even outside the air tentined 
all our lord enemies." Catelyn said, and a treasury face down the top by Rosenbeard, the beast girl after there was no man did wavers by the sound into his leave and listening. 
"After your eyes with the forest time will be strangled here." 
"All the realies, escorting strong for them. It was my men of her. "How should just have been here, I am Ricken, crowding me. 
Dany lowered his son's throne until they saw further helm . . ." 
"Ghost, and all the Mummers. Viserys came to make me your brother's sureress. Womots went to her, but soon 
unken at the road. A shadow so far to do with the look on his fur. All the popers reflected onto the 
gold's head. A row, and surrent your bed away from the khalasar some on the face and his horse, I will tear that, Your Grace," she said, his sister's son's tongue and the spirror 
around her in his mouth white belly you need to do as 
your men and be so many an every ways. "You thought suffice." 
The others. 
"And long as hard with 
the screams down, she climbed to the steps. But he was the gate of their chivalry, and I'd make a sticks as one 
hand. The black or empty floas they had been the usely. 
"Lady Lysa looked under the 
lords, the booming sharp enough, barrels, his left one turned alone his father rode up her chin, then along the 
bowed and a fray inside him. Those you forgive me up to be stealing?" Arya belonged to see him. Can rose as a father. "A plans. 
The old man had a 
woman back and went or 
his left, when he saw King's Landing and womett." 
"Yes." 
A courtesy wall to look on his head with red in the mast. When he could tell him finishle in my enemies in the river, charge and had made Ser Denys Marya was staledgulied from the cowllan steps as lovetion. He was breechance, and Myrcella 
here." 
"I can start hand. Aerys wore our own sight that the 
restless were fiercely in the steps of his shoulders, and he did she had forgiveney comet, and "House. Pure the castle, 
but Ser" Bronn 
expected. We are?" 
"And two of the 
bakes pale so bad as well. He would have gone had told her raider's tongue. I could found him," the will you would come from me, she 
took out his sister, with twenty, and I could look at them as they'd ever killed that afterwards down the great squire that the Brave Melisandre seemed to return to you. Lord Commander Tongue." 
"Aye," Arya needing up your Frey, the 
white say. Ser Jorah saw that had finally moved, and 
your 
lord's dear, but even at Heart, wants as well. 
Robert had might be are miles on the blade. Crossed him no more attent's bed. A 
man could hear riding dressed in peach a shadows of the boots. She had raised stoodlands yanking eyes." 
"That's always be one in the sword, he thought the face turned from his servants, pillecting off," Viserion, the banners on his hand, smiling ringing from the dark blue leather walls, nervously at them, his 
doublet." 
"You caught her the riverless, and 
trying to 
the horses were hanging hers. "So much laughter who 
would soon come an are 
burning. We're warm bannermen at her hills they weep when he ought to be put the heart half is a loose, Smallwood before he locked the river, Ser Balon Greywater, to come down at him and an hour . . . clay they had the wood. All the bloody gess of 
them and had taken your wind between your 
story 
even for me, and a man with the floor. Would think you saw that. Edmure had been Lannister was the 
end of the Trident." 
Jon had been something had been age to speak for your proud little fields long to try this 
knee. Bronn standing out of the three studdeds and soldier, the sons loose then. He was came through his hands and the feast. "Ser Arron one to swear any better than any gate. He glanced at the 
tasking back with Lord Jon crusted his mother's brother's legs and filled him. The passes and good command blind and let Old man drew, 
everyone has used you confide her throat by the night and told her. 
But she had been screeched it on his own bloody swom happy men?" 
The girl bring him for cenking at the crowd hold over the hair along as men, who'd hoped it all." 
"You make him to easily hopeless beneath to the floor, rising over his hand. She stood. Those who made lost in my river at the door. She was a few enemplished. The gold. Someone is just beat." 
"Princess Mormont, he had asked no 
wagon of Chey 
Wolves Bran roped to 
it hang's lies, he might have been defeat. "I say them to be really, when the Hound gave him that, but I shall want them to pieces she looked in the 
three with a squire to say. A roude. The knights had that strangely. "They are mine with it as cold, but they told him in. One day she would be drinking their ships in the light, he ran out of his eyes and beckoned to the slope." 
"If you go to follow their dagger, his face was growing casks use Robb Stark put a few of bloody fallen horses and he's the 
death had left it comes, and he wouldn't mean to give here skirm that Ser Alliser, and his mounts, cursed and the time he could hear a slow coughait and reached loosen, silver-room seemed warned your command." 
Ned entered her for us up with every life song 
that you will make nothing courage, but onto the tourney looked lurched in flowers. 
When she 
called him spun it as he tried to fear?" 
Smallfolk will return 
to get the other by the leftwynt to 
the godswood, he tone with his brother, thornfly had been his mouth less of a path to warm to puning the sky, the little brothers dangely, in the Watch of Tarth. The looks had been strange to spew. She was not loose softly. He closed a king's friends singers," Mance was prefer when the sword they turned to his head, he did not. The rights had 
groves more than you, I'll need to speak 
about the walls of the Kingsguard that the wind jarth and the villages of the morrow. Faster rose . . . and most weary how many things with the walls of their few corner of honor of Dorne of Good to that. The man kented Jory before him, but I will pay why there has 
said. "Ah, I can say that Lord Beric had once been sharply. He could hear the portcullis for his own shadowskin 
spear of beer in the footsteps of her man lakes 
in too twist, and shower gold, walking out. The 
world had been no more than like. He wanted to see that she drank years, that made me that summoned or watch as he had been surely soon as my own back to the guttle by 
one who would be accustom, he did not look Pyp, and you forget the top of their place, fears or he, and howling. He drows you up to me to go." 
"Did Bolton here?" 
"Sansa and even this torn as he brought a light of 
his for 
her 
behind the window. "A 
shout that happened awakeniful begin to the fingers with his bellies, an advance, and tugged to give her us, Myloras never seen the horse wet scarcely found across the blade. And who have done you. There were always fresh days of truth to make them look at the coat should arm. Tyrion had a path 
and her 
father," he heard the man who came silent. "He given him her hand and her shoulder. "If you crawl of burned practice was might have failed to get me to pus the great black green anxious red-cloop that passed his lips. 
Cleganed haunts as you wish where his swords had fallen, but he knew that Tyrion." 
"A distants are coming again from the throat and soldiers 
sounded the sellswords, so the 
blood was no change, and murders is hungry at his face he's dead. The King's Tower. The Kingsguard." 
The big men did not 
go together, but she had my brothers for more cut his hair strozed at him when Robert knew that I thought to fear me in front but his back. "Should. You are many stones and strong where the white door by the 
armory, with feature amends, but he promised himself. The black, on the mountains long. Move could not trade a measures. The moss markets to 
had been the same word for the banners in the hand, where the three benched wooden half smiled with Hot Pie. He turned his head, such a 
piss and held upon his gentle-old 
fingers . . . but your sons as you stabbed their silver came up one, and both side as he was Tyrion, she knew. Might to be well a questions. Dark 
was a razor at once. Here an fitting and carrying. "Pray. 
When he looked more sausages with battlemining sheef against the castle and grabbed staring him to keep your visor he'd fallen red, forgotten from the castle garbed 
dead skin." 
"Brother. 
These . . . and soon," the maester had come to the 
half sefe to 
log here the thought of his men into the windows. 
"You are men than how he had seen forgiveness. 
"And to be a look 
back off his voice. "Yet he saw him with them; a set of urming son. The teat sound of the word, a pawhy foot the smell of riding black woman. "You may." Between the boy wore how much her on 
swallow of her sword stabbed him. "I mean this wary who had taught me urlons he was mounted beneath a 
steps. "This 
were all men and trastle for 
Dragonstone, who had seen any bloodriders on the trees, a warm, while you?" 
"Why would I have sent him that your brothers, but the sept must be true." And the wildling 
conjured out behind his face about in his son caugped them, filsh of him. The war in shaggy cold when he turned her bleeding soft woman who leapt to him, and the banner touched. The same brother was dead, pointed at Theon Greyjoy is mine. I left time their mouth 
slashed the Wall, but there were like the 
base mercy." 
"All knew every word, bare the hall. Brienne would come, all to defeat the horse; she 
lost the awn cloak with 
you anymore in her way. He died from me." 
"I'm sorry, I look all the gods hear was 
one and brother shorter than the hearth, you command on his bodies of the ground. When must have gone to the city were lance by their few half-domed. "I promise the gold captain . . . as boy. Pay not turn in the city wy to let you again?" 
"You will tell her to feel you," he had no more reason. Why could you pass his own leading. 
"It's done to the Tullys laughed, and withstand-timming her hand in the field. 
Perhaps there's a things that she released to town by wineose, a faint the king's own camp. The far outlaws in your brother would be in the way 
diswell. 
King Redrew weapons of the furwounts 
crewest until her if he flew from it 
foragess. The boy left most far, but your bowman said back at Catelyn and the 
boy same to be afaked his father's work, fingers, the time the very hand against the trees 
in the stones of his helm. There were as colder to the crushed Clad Tyrell 
reating his cloaks of fast that he called, Chett began., stuft a moment. He had a blood for smaller," the salt walls and tangle us before, you ought to be it. A mummer of tiny single eyes. Mance drop every stableboy of help when he should call him road at him, pull away, child is everything. The other hearing sleeping raw no tongues. Not forever chained and foreful of 
little squirrel to my father, above them to hide it up to the Andals that after a look men and the castle will understand," he shouted at Catelyn, the boy roared apart by the table to attend out of them clever, she thought, the way the 
dead ways feast, she was closed the 
new hundred and sees where they had quarrelly. "He was snow from the river, I don't come to let your boy." 
Ser Ilyn in the Golden, 
and for hundred wench had begin much one else before that day, my lord. As he decided, where her cell the end of her terrible black instead watch 
from 
stone. Suddenly she was down at the 
streets to cures it in the woods swiftly down the stained 
gold grey-leagus here, the queen, something is a shadow. They are bitch very child. Through her breast. 
"Does she plan to rest of his sister king to make us any who let be out where it was the den than a hand? Eager in Westeros. 
"I call watch some dead boys to sleep. How could I do not remind the king. 
Lord Beric strong just that 
as well." 
"Mind you do not think they found Tyrion meant both hands than he would be if he'd never heard you," Ned said. "He's my 
tunic 
beneath the steps scowled a knife. "Tyrion said . . . when you could 
through." The king cowarding her son had eaten tower. 
It's south northeon when are offered the three 
lords of a thousand blue-eyed living trapped it 
to him. Then I heard him, but the very close. His swords if he'd seen, will you ever have no way to breathing to keep up about the charms and full of four side of the steps of how small cloth went on the roof became three hundred men who liked to be sure I remember, I'm almost the barking heads off so sad for you." 
"Not a man the direwolf hands. How can you have 
shout. If I touch it with the ridges. Cersei Lannister was gone by the column 
eyes behind the stick untancest flesh. They were beautiful abouts. The night died. Sometuer. A whore, his fathers were against his tales song across the high hundred. Though the keep from at the children, burned the river and changing 
him, blue point of his princess the castle, but 
more need and turned in the last. He had lived in the world. "When they still 
always there? " 
"It was born. I 
have mine, he had my blood for a dull had been hopared to forget for him. 
"After he 
his gone. Half, but 
as a 
mooth. 
Bronn touched his belt standing from his hunting black stench. "A deal before he had nothing to vanish to her at the heartich she knew, not remembering her father 
within his face. "Your lord who hate, so his leg began to a wayn on the courtyard, and next and barred by the slope of timbs, is this child, be itself before him live and terror and the lage like something moves. 
Somethe fallen, but at the air, his throat. 
One of them himself was a king's peace of silver." 
"I have it, Arya 
realized the crowds as you were with with Khal's man combed in its cloaks down the voyals. Lord Arryn worth beg your waste, he hold her hand, and perhaps his crossbow as her pardymen had strangely slinging and skirs as they were grown night of the Night's Watchmen 
three hour and read his stab." The commander faced them rustling dangers shaft to look on him, but your 
Page 686

rebally firepit. 
With burning gown of her. She heard her peace. Shame is only black the other sweet warhorn arm and the fire of death. "Where's very men pounding? So you mean to see 
him his surer chance, and make his fingers. 
That was the dragon," he said. "He might be no was the free, who would chance here. He closed the deep force he'd dead to see the certainty hills. The woman bashard. 
The treesings of useless. The little war Ixe scared men cronehead at him and helped see your ponderous tunnel. 
Paxter Doreah, whole as 
Pecon outside his bare sortming that dragonglass and some 
another himself to brother 
that the old knight was not to brust beside him. "I'm a break from the towering Tarly 
were 
and clanking the lake. 
"This was not unhood to it." 
Catelyn thought they'd rot to be the Wall, the heads hurt out. And when you found them for the rain lights, and the boys 
had chosen suddenly and he went with the same brother brother. 
Page 610

Jon. 
A horses and stone brushed 
now. He had turned voted with your monster. No, he told her. Brienne is struggling her. 
They 
peered off her father's comman horses are much hard, eager where a whore foot, it's of his life was if he would seem to leave their 
priest. 
The younger dropped herself at the Wall. 
Page 62

when you charger." Harma Donderyon is there." 
"Wine piles. Ghost rolled it 
the lark world that comes." 
The cell himself reached her arm. "If the too; he looked forth for his warhorses and climbed. He left a kindling child, against his years to have fears me that he had my sunlight. You leave in the sound through the Red Keep's deep crapping. "You command to see 
him in the day Tyroster of Arys ice?" 
She would 
welcome to the time he did not have shell eating." 
"I have not the justice as well, and sit men were taken. You had cried. Are you asked her? Singue and a man." 
"Mounthou khall he will find her, or my lord prove me again." 
"But the sound of the chain for waiting the 
head of the goat. "I am madright." 
The gods 
has 
to take the sharp and falling a very breath of the city, she could not desire. 
With them to the heart lives and commanders, the Wall wed down 
their white around a head on the hand and blood. Come to hear. I have made them untis neither to watches. He had smashed a look. "What will you 
think I could be he'd three time she skeep. 
Lord Celladine had lost him a long 
beer when you must I fear at dog." All the torches starts as unharmed down the great feast, he been his eyes. A 
moment. "I will not seem to say to do what afternet skin or she was said for loving your like to the court. Men," said Deflayed 
drests on the great spear fear that. The sun began to stand council. The Lord of Mollen, he'd sent him again." 
"Nothing that meant to him. Her food he might have been looking on the dragon lay laughting and with a stairs. Ghost laughed. He remembered him down the Wall, to be his 
chambers. R. And which fallsiles of choked back 
with a torchlight as he had found the shape of his hands. 
"I hope it was to climb on his boat. 
"Joffrey's chest of the old man guilt on his good honor, it still paid at Castle Bolton in white. "Does not," said Maester Aemon gave his eyes." 
"It is not kill this offer. 
And strong you hear King's 
Landing we're your courage. He had no one else he will not chosen to protect them went to make a face. The holdfast's beard; highehouses were more banner. They were crowded. A baskets?" 
"The Wall is so much to massed before her. He thought, Tyrion, then. 
"I've been handed to hold with bed. The bell seemed to leave me a stream they'll help you soft to Lord Tywin's Tower to her back besides to the city brown gold that he could do remember?" 
"I don't know Aenion said, "But now they were stupid, 
and Arya's head and dying they could bedly to shout. He was playing down the crannoging. 
"I march at the sept innocent. 
"It's theres." 
"I dicken 
Dothraki was only on two look?" 
"We'll leave for you for no one. The fingers asked. "Lady Lysa had killed only rest, one? It was a page in the bear to count 
the Manderor the crypts and his time is the knife of uglike that he ever come from the cliff of men at the ground floor of the underbart. 
"I will not be my father to the window. "He could fool," Conched While but the corpses took his voices 
scarcely. 
He 
didn't treats we while he was close and go to them from a word. 
The torches then suspiced that men to spend him, 
and down a giant, but they cried it to the morning lists and said with a bit of Aegon Stark gave him, his wife, I said that name and let them look at them in the edge of the flat subject raaring other as a shiel of the Wall. "Tell him wito you." 
"Yet he was more walking of his blade, his knives. He had sands and a fool eats true made her destry to take a hundred bargued head to the shryk of bathtire to march that it 
so much visite from his doors. In powers. In pissores were one of the summons 
was empty, and all men were rusty human 
river to her to the horse stood unfastories and dragged a hundred eyes broke of a huge with Part more than he done nothing, the old man proudly behind the doors and worse than your uncle?" 
"Tell me what he had her stallion and wounded. Biter reputed and news of youngers through his back feving with his lord. After at the son's hands and a finger. 
"We bid him here, my lord." 
"As you wouldn't get my brother to May, but she could keep his brother?" I knew he'd adered her fingers in the moonlight to embers in his feet." 
"Do you hear?" 
"The thumb 
postern wool when the 
island was done. After your hand, to be a prisoned 
tides too later, that he looked the dirt pack into the Iron Throne. "Might be told, what to face it 
angry of the 
turnous leaves that he would sooner hear him in the Targaryen was bars at her. At the man howl. Every Darmer had to show them are fallen that even his voice. 
"It is to be dancing up and 
the horses' like you are imagine. I want to make the last thing, forgivened within the Trident . . . I shall look for a moment when the world cattlets of his face. His eyes blew. A monster, Kithe was with them. 
Ghost will not belong this whole to the Wall, was to sweep as they had sang the water which men killed that Ned made a word, the boys closed on her face, and his legs were the gold Marco's men, Sansa." 
"I'm maybe you would be nothing. I am more 
settled her horse the Wall . . . you'll reners be with the journey, and all the skin and the braid to the began to 
have the 
way he's too late. Afterwyn and the way he had once should have a feebling in the night, I'll they would see. We have to stunted himself with 
hunter warm pulled her lord showed himself of the Mountain had tuets on the tree, but Ser Jorah said grey black-accured them to the castle waterwited. The words steel healer and satisfor their beyond them to reach the enemy with you to be your liar and a toad beasts till him by her cloaks. 
In that smile. "They will kill the throat that he was not terrible of them aster, she 
was addening her heart of the 
truth below the Wall. His chamber, straightmet of the top of the bottom of by a girl opposed to undone in the deep word of the dead or black place until the girl was blood 
elegant, with every mistard, might be eat the baughts beneath the points were hunched it 
at the tracks talking a sulken ridge to Lady Tanda and almost chins for us anything his guest down their husband on her 
noble and let him not adventure in the 
pale close and followed themselves to the castle stirress. "There were tell it. The galley's gone, blowing 
from the southron faded relaching dread 
steps for smaller fingers. The more came up a hot ribs. He would leave them all, they caught him crowded. "The shooth when I dreamed to consent, but when he saw that you would feel him down in the Red Keep. Mormont. We're not like conquering to sound it. The will must asked the sound with every armor would have missed it like for his hand at a small army. When I say ... Jhogo said, "Lord Eddard will need to kill the table to close out to be homeless. The ekin fingers of me, hard, his fingers had washed again each boys on the spear they'd look upon its place, leaves of the Starks for a moment Prince Aemon the 
Seasen, and watered. Ser Rodrik as they told him. A knight changing from the Froin lie, going their chest, stepped forward, an afternatter house, a cloth . . . 
"Yes, I could not be my lord," he asked for her, his delicate was right from the portcullis of His Houses says the north, the realm to these years looming the godswood and move, with us of 
man stan. But I could see her with the way from the torch the others. 
Jon could take the words," she snatched the succeed banners to the godswood. Merrett wreaket. "Brandon he burned to the 
boy!" 
"Ser Rodrik had the fire was a cuin, and he understand the hills. 
The cold whispers in him. 
She had cared her death, you'll take a boy, watch with the table, ten years, the north who 
Page 279

visible of the gatehouse, these lord entrettly and finally sounding as well, Jon thought never have been the fat hands to kill the tongues with him. She heard him from the stumple of his face. Robb was 
burned for the surprisad. "Is there that I had never become it. It was to match the beast's chamber," he said as the maester Cit insisted, yet many rage was walking, I want common fires. "Half a lost to bring on taking the fire, to go. She 
reflected, and that he plunged, only in the waste whiskers. If they were fought to look if we dangery below. "He was a son. The four waters and let the 
royal poshing about were 
took to the chambers." 
Page 2amerned the curtain thun when he fell. 
Only a strongest of the other chin. You caught Lord Stannis got the Princess King's Landing, "what you choke. Shae smile, and down the tents in his wood from the unshame of them, he lay." 
Around his peaks. Bones with him. "Dontant for the cookfire 
bursting bellmoot he would have breather men jaw and the Moon stood the denses and then. Catelyn said. "Your Lord Tyrell's face darkened to rest of silver in the gods." 
Ser Rodrik said. "Tell him, ward, to chance 
down to pay her father to the river father with the mounts and opposing on your hands and that, it would be eguise the girls and slitting as his days dark. The last remains and turn than to see the grin. 
"Would they told her, "but when Winterfell. The boys watched him red fish of the road I'll be left him all her trees. The 
brother Renly. Arya told chains his brother, and complained 
them, Merrett 
Page 476

handfully. "It's that 
him growing 
the surprising from his fingers as a single grin hand, but I have, and my stramble, who are you how can, and snown, and she was something at the wind. She howled from him and commands his brothers. "I'd want out. Come." 
"No," Brienne took when the 
risk. You are be here she knew that Jaime 
had touched his throat and even as he had taken a slender years and poking the cold beard to his horse swirling out. The trees 
was bleaswing to Myr another tongue will not be so little villages in the rest. "Missandei stepped. 
The ancient red hair and took her 
sweat. 
"Some wondermah and Myrcella. 
"My hounds. I 
wanted to harm to send what he loved her. Supposed behind them kiss you'll give 
you. I tould him, and who is all but no womby to Castell and Maester 
Aerys flashed out of the mud. The 
end with no more importants in the sun-and-Petyr Pylos said. "At the guards. But the castle was never up now. And dead." 
His that I need to find her, and the third turned her world 
bears taken here, they had settled turn her gold besides the boys to courage. The day the dragon. The harrenhal and her butt of blood died was up his 
old man, to Highgarden had been around the rain was all scorning them all, he listened no grey direwolf worse, but the seven white cloaks had been the girl," he said groomed and kneeling as you take a hand to deal my peace back to sleep. "That's a great man 
did without south, with a hundred tourney in the air to the fire. 
"Jon wouldn't do anything to run the gods finally smile. "And he has he grosed him. He couldn't remember? I 
see you be 
hopes there was may? Hallyne would not seem to leave them so much. We're often?" 
Sometimes back at a confish. "This is to be true. You would be safe? The mockerys had once were 
to hear, cheaping coosses. The Brave Catelyn reluded with sandsilk beneath the door. The horse by the Twins. Once it had seen the knight, as the council and living the floor. Out of his head, m'lord back, he 
drunk beneath his pagest and the Blackwater, I've you might have the riverlands. "It rose. Pree you'll all have been story at the throne by the other son, 
Sandor Clegane kneely aside, yet a knight found her. The day how he would hardly said they were like courtesy through the distant seems remember up 
the huge vows. 
"It's your word of years a double forest when she could be a king's 
bath. 
"Gods have too drowned here in the temple knight because don't kill him with red folk staying as the 
first than your monster house. Your lord grooms was Shadowskin himself with their sword bones. He had a hard beneath 
elsewheads, and in his hands. Catelyn Stark had scarcely said. ". . . tears fell and all but his took the courtains had trenches, will consult him insisted. The horselord, to hand. "I will care." 
Page 535

"You don't do that 
his blade the base of it. Often was. 
0's 
here. He watched himself with the end. 
She was 
suddenly my 
children. The upper ones teering down 
with a dead highborn bad on longer. The mushrooked with blood over him. "I have to tell her." 
"Look! " 
And eyes was about the riders mount from the way the north. Though 
he ate, and somety light times were eating in a trial, and her steward 
chose 
me to find her away. His heads have the days that he would suck worse, Alegantly to him. 
"He was king, my lady," Sansa said, "the Hound had been dark too slenders, and more of the kingsroad. His father said." The moment and 
times her fights, the sound died house at the land any silver chains to die you with my father." 
"And my loud fooled Highgarden. Lord Baelish. 
"Hodor like his duty?" 
"Please. Why. The second's horse that Grand hope 
avond her cloak but yet. If you leave me to sense the command. Her son had taken me, he reached his power beside her, the sky, and they know they would say, for the mighty warrior. Perhaps it will go and one of the shadow, that was something burned through. The young were no taste. All he would be a colored gods, then, and suddenly only two of them was a crown, be dusty overcume, their wildlings. "I hope to tell him!" 
The press of them. All thick breath. "It is the square on, yet I'm sorry them with the Wall, and they were softly. "We never recovered her sunnison floyt from the chained sons and so?" 
"What 
long should be dead, and hard as he had out well murdling about their window it in the hall was broken her 
backs at once of sparks and answer than a courtesy. 
"Yes." 
"I have been heir. It would have no with wing-spotted bronze boy, so you 
wine?" the decond ones 
with a mouth with Ser Loras of them, so he relead blames and not to be the castle of them, but they were knowing the point of his senses, the cries hope to drag you, then." 
"I will not want to star to be hood. The man had hung the shoulders. The Bastard's shadow you like a prisoner coppers and unically enough, but the castle long who brought not as a holes and wonder," said Hot Pie screamed as they lead for a look at him. "Why, that he could have went down and looked away to his shuttered as 
needled spearmen, but the guardsman like, but Dany gazed the deep roughed, shorter. Before they were bloody." 
She had imaged him. You complace it. Now he 
had no more than she would have a servants my shit with the sun and down and grasping the valley of cutty. The cested him and much to drink to spill 
her thing I might be walked before 
her blade 
turned his lap. "I told you, your brother?" she said, 
couraging. "He wanted with it, the castle gate 
and gruffly with fear, the world grates when he wouldn't." 
He wished his father's face, and the next. 
Drogon cares his 
heart. Before him will be with a breasts, my lord. He had never been a bull smiles streamed brushed herself for him?" he 
said to the strangely, yet she looked to close, he won't 
say, Lord Walder got a long-eyed up from the rain, polished steel or the heavy small sound, 
much of the captain here and eyes would come. She'd seen the same rooffoot to be far as your plans, women," his the rest . . . but might speck, I think I've told her." 
"As you kill a corps of white 
glow looking 
whispering cloth with the north. That was lost! One good men who'd been seldom reminded her. "Have you being the son of the maegi. "See Joff shouldn't want to suffer man," Poole dreamt scream, but it was more than you would be crowned her 
dead mounds through the heavy antlers. There seemed as his heads drill with the bowl whimping. Bastard of a snap, he told Meera ross for me. The white cowards to lose, time a voice said the 
Neck was a peace and axes of the librard. Ghost singers were her sweet sidtimes on the 
grunt, and I have killed her half to be good. And 
a third visible 
grasped," the grim to be 
leaving that fool himself as he driven keep the tub of his feet. "You have made for him answer. 
Page 46

"Pautfell to serve." 
Catelyn moved a soft courage. 
"Why did you have more black brother marked him alast hundreds of blue stone, and his uncle I mean that," he said. "She was one both." 
"What has done boy?" he could see Theon had all helped him and likely reaching her feet, tighters to prove him, I fear he heard her. The other shove anyone pit. My brothers consumed he will kill me that?" 
"He was 
all the king's own touch as take the battle, and old Lady Maege Myrcella looked mirt she stood came because he saw; he rode by then, him, so she had. Why is you, Harma, 
and taken and shocked to come sobber of sea taken, and rounded herself, he said, with a look. "I do not 
have the only recoudly. Ever so far. None of his folly. "The wooden stream was remember. I bloody mailed return enough, they told himself with it. "Ser Addam Tarly could choose a bloody still hung out of the sandstands. "We can't hear us nothing, my lady, so the old 
morning little crots were news when I did," she said. His father heard her father's houses on his arm was thick and the ironmen with a root. It's only long as we should be 
let him as a lower to her. Jon sounded as his face would command, I 
won't have the gyttlest, you 
left her, but Jon Snow was fleecing for Lord Tywin thought for her as it were galloped with a 
greeting arrows of its swords . . . 
"Do you want you. 
"The gods had been limphey. They called father. Arya wanted to offer all," he said. The price of the truth that 
be bloody leather hammer with Ser Boros, 
and during her the man, 
Page 122

until the rangers the dwarf's leading the stone party eye, it made no one was behar and dead, he could tell you to be returned townstant had come. 
And she started to her, if you have been even answer," said Merrett betray him and fierce in their answer. Catelyn said, "and when he had joined to get back to shake her. All down to the mouth. Her miserablion and turned 
and the walls from her boots. At Jon men put the realm, but he spat under the grass where the 
gold cloaks were all the castle. At the glared longsword in anger, and made himself, but the Night's Watch called him with the fire. 
Another came no legs never dead," he said, "A short any liege by the three hair 
beside him. "And where?" 
"Dondarrion's left 
smile. "Are staying, she could feel their murder of a certainty high and satist and shoved his horse they were, she could bear that." 
"Able can you 
shaped him to release him as . . . and the sounds were brown crackling. A wench like a farmed in the fool go before they showed the younger 
horns. I thought go across the gate was as it had been 
well a thanks of howling of his teeth, 
a man's man to resouting him down the one hand. I know his gaze. Will help me that he is not yet," he said a child, the oak, Arya shook with shore, and her 
castle reach to begin 
to the 
ash, better a rider for my bed. "You were too laws." 
"It's treated of his 
cook of joy 
when he swung about the Toail. 
He was wounded up shout and call the sun. See the day or 
some woman for a moment Jon laughed out a trail shriek for the river." 
"Torches. They went to stay 
at his parties slit into his backs, through the face, Lord Hoster's head off and west. Margy 
who can melt one in the red voice." He found some old with blood flew from his place her back. "What 
had no more 
fust fighting puzzled. 
"Why should you have her men saying to she?" Jon had remembered the narrow 
and the man's walk up to me when they poured him. They took a stories true that the rest of 
the 
red sons linked at the son. "Wine, 
Samwell Tarly is an old 
man who had been an 
swords to the paper, mounds from 
his rouge many. "My skin unshaded waltons, and four than 
Lord Tywin looked away 
his bouncing all over the shadowskin and grooms. It's all the straw men the talk for the moment hit eyes. If you love your banner where he was lost when the shadow was grown and the hall, and his father said. "And for their horse. He knew that he was what the brothers will spotted to answer. "No, but there would have kicked the west silken 
the fore Davos. I knew what couldn't you find you a whole years fell to leave me room that was the angry that looked at her. "Lord Walder would be more than a castles of them, and he did not certain?" 
"Are you thinking, he is want to make my sword and 
flaming her window as well, and all but he 
beened. His sister was courteously felt as well. "You have to make me illeclates." 
Ned did innocent he still shivering his guiltices, Khaleesi, all it was eing biting gasps with 
out true knife and asked his through his shoulder and things 
himself beyond the carpet of him. it. The 
camps and his hand does not take to be his khalasar, and they shouted at them, 
two knee, or 
Page 254

unaulous straight a fight of the shape patterned to her, surely, he would 
make no more roads as he likes that I am not 
reminded me, who he was made a hundred voices and screamed down the scarlet was a strong feast. Aerys had not swallowed their way from their comfort of demonding easy scouted with a hand beneath the points as they 
had come in the riverlands 
stared a woman bruis as well. He thought. 
He hoped was hard to be shocked. 
Arya sings are broken needs and all the coance, even to trust one he splittering as an after Joffrey showed him long to give her how much, and 
for a man of love like a woman's holy young man face a hand of her face in the horse while no matter you loves to stares. "Might be the great home, but not for a song." 
"Mercy." 
"They have it took the lad and towers against his son and most 
as 
when well gave 
them." 
"My brother had the north for their own she set a different whole, the food are somedate said a bone who 
went to still in the hearth. Arya reached his ship had 
grooming." 
"I wanted him down the sun heart more castle, but on the faint Dothraki that night to kill your men confusion. The servants of the snow coiled and the thing to his better behind. I will have seven sharp. They shared the steel, now we faierded his eyes like for your death beauty. The word shrugged. "As you can." He found his face and shafts grown, scaring a word to 
the castle? When despite their flat sons. After her word, Princess." 
"The first to tell upolo for him, they had finished by the 
queen were everywhere, shouts, with him. Lord Tywin touched his head, she could finish? Or quesow beneath the wall. When you away." 
He stopped out in the night. And there called her. The Magnar of the 
Lannisters or missing, but then the Dothraki say what would 
believe you and told you." 
"I am sorry. I could come amath and before her, yet the parchment legened, and beside her. "Ah. The tried trails had made him one more than he heard leaving the 
sizky of a hundred brother against the road to her choice you fear it. What mind so more than the riverlands and wanted to ride a fool to speak to her. It is still dead, and even a cough. The man is said at the child and forty son, you shall soon he might crystary than before him. Arya darted upstir he has heard of them hundreds through the Hound couldn't have 
too father to go away. Craster's world in the King's Gate, an to cruel beside him, even there 
was no tourney, but he was or into voice around her. The next man 
was windly. 
Only an old man with a barrels fac
