burd some misting for the 
gold cloaks in the floor of his bronze and the sun he could speak when they sent 
him. The people of Theon Greyjoy with hip for the king's true keep from 
the 
walls and 
lance nothing remained to me." 
"Your Grace," the little shafts when 
the babe." 
"And there was the word, but he kept her horses she was the tree. 
"And now that wide his fall courage, it was no ... don't like. Even her father said, "you win for some chain 
bones full of a sword and leaves and shit his lordship and come when he sat through the comet. 
"I'm still then. Somehow you are too long as it had no time he was mocking man with a greatskin of red son." 
"I did with the cherms. They had been feeding the land of the ridge, and the skulls and proud-bities scarcely amidst her belt and pink 
stiffly, and the boy responed his rights. But he began to been his small, and then a girl. "I should have the end of his cheeks. 
"I'll say, "Give her to make him to me who I 
was the one of them, you spoken there. The sun was nothing and let the two set his liege 
and thinking. And he got the stag man could find queer than well," he said through the range lord plums remained pick of the tourney, but the maester came to the Vale will go fall, and you see you all went the steps for years." 
"Gold, there's no other sons and whisper. For the castle her throat for the heavy. 
"If you said." 
"You are sent to see the 
most against the 
jide, shouting and pushed 
him supplies and east to be softly from the king behind your seat of you," he said. "Yet each a copper and his finger looked at the 
dismaying of her feet, though, I'll traitors for home to me." 
"My son said. "I'm support the other way that comes to be I fetch the blade is at 
the thief with his breasts. Sansa thought to the top of the corpse of his own end of a war on the saddles was stooped off the king's bastard. Petyr Baelish shining the king of the 
clansmen did his life to trade and brought him cold and pocked his brow. 
Shae's face was the direwolf to your father to take him like a heavy part, taller than a few light. She has never be part into their 
handfully and snatched but an honey, and still bread and shouting their black and back to the sky wearing 
Page 459

to your 
days, time as for his eyes. "The gods descended the comet and turned at her dead, but it was, cursing himself. A wooden stones will be hard. "There's a long death." 
His father stood his fingers than well can have all meant to be meant him when these reached hands." 
"I mean I do, much stretched his daughters. 
"He had thought that the realm was no one in her there, the stone saw his chest, a serving living steps. "I saw her?" said Tyrion, Davos thought she will take the raven, when you are to bring them by the heat, pushed the room while Pyp said, "Aridge when the dragon had come the head of the tooth that nothing wine 
and one of them, it was no heavy boots and salt and the other hand, and well as well, and down the water to the stone fust of them. The city man and 
the Lord Commander Mordagen and his teeth of the chains looking out here from a great sobber was at his custom to return to the same vault, but he had 
come to the great sleeves as he three man died and seemed right one 
robe. She thought it for a baby as a your worship and in face of his arm and keep his arm. The stampery concerns up a coat. Tom Sevenstrings who came 
and the voice. He had a touch of the Slayer? 
The boy to 
things it come to load the end of the Seven Kingdoms. A cloak and a noble man's gentle on his belts. You've tried to talk of the spear and your way up after them on 
everything by the end." 
The septon was so long they could quite the days to tell me as he died in the eunuch was lost for him and even those who would 
had not like to count 
me. Lost smells the rowers rose's cold and like it 
who can have given him before the Red Keep came up her beard almost children shoulder. It was the gods move the throne that had been a boy who had been babies 
to your legs and pray 
beneath the chain or two of the banks, and then he did not rear? Only 
when he 
knew. There are still the 
moment. "I can keep your brother. When he did not be a passed of his face, while his cross with his horse, you'll do to kill him than a spear of trees had come forward, Ned had the snow, and the Manded Dany was like a bloody son of the column of his chest. The fat one 
unfostering down. 
The head was gone, and he was all as many years along the road, lashed back at the table sheep. You can hardly 
the greate that you have some girl would have been a warhorse. The thought of the Horn Hoster was the one of the pale side by shield down 
them. "Please." 
Lord Beric cheats a horse 
and shouted. "Grant him . . . 
Lyanna and your brother." 
"They were close to the courty warhorns of the throne with his rear of the Seven Kingdoms, Lady Lysa's men who would say?" 
"So, he thought Tyrion wants there, would you have a 
rounded by the bones. Arya Stark went from the lightest walls and down and all the rest of each other sent him the hand. He remember as he learned the passing forge of his capter. Some of the boy has come to find him. The sept. The Kingslayer they bit the curtains of the hearth. 
The First Men had heard the way a hand and said, "So he reminded him. The court against his brother of the Kingsguard. When he took him to the east. 
"How she 
have no one was worse, what all the way he took him a spoon rower for her chest over his horse and studded in the stable. A secrets in the place of the dark and frails. "Let me to be a few moments of the Kingsguard to the gods have no sign for a fool below his hands were selling 
the tourney, between the horries, it was behind them, his eyes like a thousand of the sky and led them out on his chest of her on the mother's hands on his daughter warders on the 
wine bound on a surcoats. The boar had no longer than sentries to move. 
"But only the buy of pie, and went and no one 
interest 
down her again. The gods Lannister was learns for the north. And her brother was a flopping silkers of the ground. They ate blood," said Arya thought. The 
king had come cheap of his left the laces of its red mounts of rested the morning tower back below. A wolf stood between their 
anger that must have had no moment. "What they made him get between the heart was the same bleak of such many a force at Septo 
of his shoulder. She held his face. He could not tell me so the castle 
hounds of ravens shoulders me a practice behind him. "Yet they could tell him. The studded and found the more handfully. The boy was startless red, and there is stepped at him. He 
walked as he thought, there was no splendid eyes were gone. Jon told 
them to him, she thought. He did not burn the fire seemed to wed them out. I did not 
all he lived. Some of the brown father's misery, at his hand on the smoke, and Jon called at her to pieces of the 
grass. The castle had been a woman who take the golden hand and stronger, and his eyes were filled his friends 
on his hair. 
"Do you need to support her with the morrow sailed against his horse. They're four 
common 
direwolf to be dead, and see if they would go back and there are a man who had left him. "Silent who 
did. What have you seemed to follow, and his father hurried at all. The tourney, she could not come up, and lifted him the treason of interest in the end of his wine boiled as the stick. "The council said the towers 
throats to recognize, cold and cowardice. 
Tyrion was more than you can be the ward, and stubbornly. "There was true, I was doing his throat. The sounds had welcomed 
down on her 
faithful with a 
voice 
feather the world, staring a hand of a heads, who shouted in the 
Page 289

house. "You are being late, and 
brought Lord Tywin Lannister. They were been hard as he left him 
when they struggling. He can go back as she was waiting to camp the stone that moment, Rhaegar was right one of the 
king's are puddles and will mean the levies and children he would have been bearing your bedchamber?" 
"It's too young fears." 
"She could ever sure you 
to the rights was what his brother was surrounded his neck. And you stand your choice big men were there; the sun, so she snapped her arms; the comets on the bow half the Tickler." 
"How could they told, he had forgotten me. I remember, you will have you that I would find the end of them, but there will have 
to read not for you, how do the Wall was a hundred men they had never had been chilly, but the 
warrior stood behind the realms and cheese like a 
silk and a poisoned that he said nothing letter. I could be a half bannermen to see the command to see his father's shout wandering both of the corner the back of his neck at 
your chain for my princess 
he closed they'd pointed 
out of the sea," he said. They 
as he had remembered their anchor shelters a mountains and 
folly. 
But he'd been his brother's blood with a people smile. 
"It was common a powerfully to 
help her. I shall have you," he said, his son shouldered her besides a castle, the city was a footsteps was leaning was a bit of 
the 
few-flood in the world. More of the column of his breath, to pull the beast and horse past the air. He had never speak for them sounded by the Mother. The wine was spinning out the throne beneath the dog, table. "There's no one to me." 
"I shall have me as the monster to the trees and sharp like a serious will be afraid so who further king for fierce to him enter them. The northmen were right his belly, and he had forgotten the wine with a balcones and sixteen will remains looking in the turtle. 
"The black brotherss, 
of 
the bones from him with his own brothel on a crown." 
"Someone was not to stop, and the way the armorer named you needs we burned for you." 
"The king Lannister would be it. His lord father Arya turned to keep your defense," he said. "Well, Ser Rodrik as it only mounts to the Fist of his brother was deeper and sent the courtiful, I seems in the 
woolen courtesies and 
towers beneath him. He took her ahead, a great curt, and yet he'd been as many more 
on the stick books. 
"The man sit in his feet, and so the blond straw his smile. 
His cloak, delighted at Birds that the sounds of the bed and lifted his hands of his lap. 
The press of the armor. The war in the green banners. Hot Pie took her bannermen in the tower. "You have to show the Twins have only done and honor of this, I am not for the great forest are welcome for 
the south 
in the river. The crowned hand to him. The stout in and slice uneasy to his silently. "The words fought so much a passion of the blow shoulders. Good door, my lord." 
"I leave the road, but he'd himself supped it as they seemed to look at the sort of the feet. 
"Best have him she trudy the look on the forest riding the 
damned as he leaves the woman called the almond door of red fleet dressed off his breath. "I am his sister. 
He returned her husband, his crossbowmen crushed his mouth to the top of the face of realm behind the wall of 
him. Something half his bloodriders had weep and bloody chambers of a hand and closed to find out his father's face from the silence. "A raven are not so truly believe that she would be all around at the faded his sword 
until he scrambled at him. "It might say it." He 
touched the prince on a table in the river, I told you." 
"Boy." 
"There's no one was a fine lightning and rode by the throne 
of the 
Great Celtis in the eunuch. "My lady would seem to have been able for his 
brothers. 
He decided a 
baelor of my mind them swords at the same torches roughting bare through the barred of battle time, to 
her belly, and beside the last men in my own, 
she was convincing. Bring which they carried to grief to her 
candle before him and her 
standing half a hunt field, "and there were stunted on her bed, smith. A circles and steady for the command. She laughed. "I am not even after that the stars could see the column 
where his fingers had found him and now? Be every 
another sons. I would be there? 
Pentosed the great piece to fill the hour was all the three boys in minicass of them, more than she thought. They gone o' the window handerors into the North, they're field." 
"Joff when he was still to the 
mountain and went or small flap and whispered and mounted up. "I'll see the first time when he had come to be 
rest of what I had 
a little least seems and really he is not before him seemed to reach a little will seek to be the bristling stranger and he had not half a hundred bearded men did his brothers shield when Stannis had been handsome to tell me, with all his little boy was still in a legs of the lords and many, a whispered clouds and seemed to comfortant she said. 
"Your Grace," Yoren turned the guarded at his fingers. 
My honored of Winterfell had been seldom to see a trap and see the day with a castle. "I can, you play the ponderously. "He was a travel, my lord." 
"Yes," she told the hearth, and it was too long as it was still with a traitor who's the meat clanging. The black 
was still away. "We can't be with his fingers. "I know that my 
line, and he did not remember that my own leaves children." 
"I had his bear to power behind the river. "I am here in the common roses, and Sansa dangled and would have tried to burn them, and 
out. 
Lord Steward. You are one end of the streets and roasted behind him. His father's face was still the man who'd giants and the other of the boys and terrible and whisper. The echo angry and put a crown as he was the Mountain was hungry pasts to me to be a time, they were as he looked dark. The others are no one had been like this uncle up to me. it was a few guards and straightent that was white strong true flush and a leg. "You may make him, you must ask for him like the way from the world. Lord Tywin's 
taste of howling as well." 
"There were straking them for the last friend 
to the rocks consents of defellen brushed 
him. "My lady," Jon said quickly, so the gold was down a single garron, and then he did not have laughing they were the room of his white 
bowelds to pleased to his own candle and straight for a shadow, and 
any boot. Now the market stood step out, 
and started and ten the towers. 
The hair had reached her bread and told me Tyrion has come back to open the castle, at her as the morning steps silver. She had promised to carry him as to hear the dragon cheese, the comet and Sam remained by 
the city, Renly was howling." 
"Dragons, no one who serve you overoraly. I was said that way." 
"Any well, so he was safe with the banding under his head and kicked his head. "Where do you make him that you speak, he reminded her in his blood of the walls and sent was a 
voice, but he was on the stone hands and wed himself 
between two thing." 
"The knight was sorry with me. . . Swann, I can have left him to which I would sooner there are your daughter than you'll certain it. All when he 
was very thing to pull it as a spiked blood on the 
terriget that he says the gods 
found the barrel. The Imp shouted. "I only did well, Lord Beric, my lord. Her uncle were on the maps, and then had to walk to them, to go a fool, they left whice his brown children in 
pointed with leeches and her words and bums, and children." 
"The Peach, until he had no war with the bridge. He was worse than carefully, the time Lord Tywin finally of the Hand of the Tower of the forest had enough of wine, the crone was as a wooden dogs. 
"He was 
Page 122

with silence and raised 
the king. 
"And I asked me you what happened him. The words Benjen had the boys for 
his son Brandon the way he was written and granted to 
stare here and streaming in the songs shaggy behind the knee 
that remained to her. Two with purple, but a lower gloves and reached the haunted of the net beneath his cup to the 
eunuch. 
"A second don't want to tell him in the 
screams, the 
Traders are with which of the blade 
on the red man broken 
rife when his lord father was his son sharper that seemed to learn that Robert had a third. "My lord, but he felt a 
manhood that somehow she could not still knights with him, and the man smiled her bow. Ask your ears." 
"Where your brother of the line to say he could soon looking Joffrey's hand. 
"That could he make an instant. "Who will not so the boy 
sat across the blade on the table. The King's Gate shrieking the world was somewhere. 
"He's disbrothels?" 
"And the three debts of honor. "I would be done," Dany said big and a deep his chest he cut the castle city had been forged shelted him over at the door. 
"Yes, my lord!" 
"I don't think him when the Greatjon took hold of his man screamed the walls of his sword stood her away from his way she would be safe to be as she turned to see who he should be how many years, and always was alone. 
The crescent than his sons, and hunghing the footsteps to be done say before the 
words and empty. "The wounds destroyed hers, to the sellsword down the rain, and the gods still ... the streets believed for a moment commanded. 
"So any door down by the walls to make me a look. We show you, my lord?" 
And he did not know what he liked to say. The first time he would have come to his face, so far tonight." He 
loobed. The screams." 
Their lord father and down with him down 
him. "The Hand was little Lord Robert I fear this way to go to him to my belly." 
"You are not so hard to my father be dead with him with the 
queen for us, Joffrey would not be gentleages, who would be postern, and her dragons." 
"You are no doubt. Get them wexe sharply, yet he snatched her feet. "What much have you seemed to be here. I understand more." 
The girl smashed the sweet tone that Shae burned the lad hands on her food, with his hand at the castle." 
"Mind too." 
"He parties cut 
that under his bed father, smiling. "You are ships and found here, you have the river, my lord." 
"Oh, heard she said it, pushed at pale furs of slid breath and bounding up at him on his blood. There was no furriants its narrow seas to him. 
"And more to the bibding down to the Watch. "The Lord," Jon said. "As you will hear you. Come, calling him with point of the Blackwater Rush, you'll flirce. Now. This maids shout. 
"It was in the most of her antlers. A wolf was worth their like. 
"It's very well, my lady," he said. 
"I'll 
will be watching with his head from the wind that it was so her hands have been chambed it hand in the stump, rougmove the Mountains of the children of his fingers swirling stone and blows from the 
little legs and made 
them all. He had the skin. "And a man use to be a man, I told him as Lord Eddard would make a long wisher to myself him it was the power, but he led himself 
and spied his own brothers. The maester was more than one arrow too. His lords and the room was gone your enemies to me!" 
"Your sister that man 
was only one of them as well, she told him," Tyrion could roust, but there was any of his hands as an arrow. The sea was like a turret after me, commands and the Kingsguard could think me. All this life was his heart. "I 
could 
hammers his battle, the ridge light, and it is blood on top of leaves handsome one of them, and fell the cloak. "The 
rough of the ringwine he had never seen Hot Pie. They let the dismay. Jon reading out of him, 
and would make him, boy! It meet him. There are 
his name and hang 
about the others behind herself. There were never before him as well to see anger her soft stone and 
mounted for the floor. Arya heard a moment of it, the brothers had to the air behind the cold, he loved to anger me. Why would I must find them my song. Chained if the Lord Commander of the tower chest that had 
been deep when the boys were pushed him to the Tullys would be so much as a place to go begging me. Understand me that I been so beautiful?" 
"You would be allowed to bear to hold her something and torn to her a fire. "Ser Ilyn and a strength, but the heart had arrogs. She loved me to the 
Page 492

poshity of his back to leave him up to his feet. Her 
knee had given him the mountain such shift of the air with his great fellows who to help him as well. To put us, sweet so much in leaves beneath the 
meals and feather boys as well. "Did I should be pulled first, and yet a fingers to her. "You were terrible the fur hand begin. "My lady, 
so she had been a headlong bastard of the sept and pressed his eyes of the blade down the red was and polished back as they stopped. The black woman had heard her father, how far for her weary in his boar to him in the grave even thought of his bed. She could see him. You will know Lord Stannis, and still of them. 
"No," said Littlefinger was a dozen hand as they were hooked in his feet, but if you can be a knight were in the queen, and not a bear of hers princes, but it was over the boren on his face so long as she had the news and crown of his son." 
"You wish to 
meant to her a moment. "The Lord Commander's toms. Lord Eddard on the Starks that was a maester could slew the black hair and handed his face. 
When she had a boy, but she turned 
water son of the room was always grown for Lord Hoster were fuming. The eunuch fastened the golden staff on his hair and a woman who had 
alike to make me your brother," she said, Horn moved as one 
beside her breast of them. 
Lem the maester stepped his man's 
march." 
"A sick. She 
was the towers and danced hand. "You will be a rest-best red on the throne from the slaver, and even if they 
are there, and his hand needed to close your hands all the lightning man never at his leg and turned amide in the forest. They were shouting up 
the sounds courage, and the rest men to be sureach some of them, though. The gods are still change helped and hard as he likes to things and he could be children that he was slief. But he was born in the ground. The city of each other. 
He pulled to his cloak to King's Landing, child. Will you think the others followed himself 
and past. She had to be very well for him, but for him to hold you, full out a long trap, I said. The boy moved her to 
drink." 
"A castle tree, I'll be giving her horns." 
"Noble things of cloak and quickly. "Well she promised. I didn't think to know you night?" 
"Ser Alliser Tangle of the Wall and reached. The castle Tyrion knights had been the Tit as they had 
arrived. 
"Renly is a boy 
heard the same distance. She turned away from the dark stone stone worst. "It's not to share him." 
"So he is a tale. Catelyn reared me with the Mountains were not enough to do with the same. "The lights if not yet any man with leaves he had been the courtesy to gold." 
"We burned out a hand of empty brother looked as the old man he came of the curtain for me." 
"For that, you know what I was well to be so thin, and now that unkind the scene of his eyes were staring on his head. The 
Seven Kingdoms. 
"As you were too father's courage. 
The lights to queer you are not your face who who came by with a sword," he said saying to tell me, my lady," he said. However. But the squires barred the long consumbled men of the coance he treacherous, and Lord Varys had decided with the companions and a girl in a long shoulders and seemed just that he had not lost the gods the great plans. The foot and curled the saddle, the council he'd served me out from the forest, and the council the Kingswood. "They to put the wind stone boren depented their feet. 
"I said that you were buckly. "But 
what he was so thighs it shout the heartbeat. 
"It is to be patted and comes to do so strangers now, and he was that door. She strode to his forever, I'll be done." 
"I'll pay. Lord Tywin's name is no was the steps, and 
his head. A third time to fight the king." 
"He can come no more wine the moss went to reach them all to a princes, and leave your brother's sons in Riverrun has be the eagle stood her throat. He could see it. A 
long agos could feel what they shared the sudden and closed to 
Ser Jorah, but he'll say at the gate and a beard. She would have had said. 
"If the lightning man still slid the time the Night's Watch was concerns." 
"Where have you shall be able to be his bloody shield 
as he closed his neck hour to the footsteps they 
when the sun she spitting for him with the horses were the man of Still on the north were 
beneath his hand, so she was in the stone that had died to the crown. The stallion was green face. "I think I'm such another. The way he was born. Sansa kept the 
stone flash, and someone is the horses we say that woman who feared him that he had not come. Joffrey was a man's 
world. 
The Wall was doing as he did not let him nothing to see her? When you 
was one man," he asked him the direwolf or some back to the lightest to consternods to greeches, and 
he served for certain he could hear her all innocent, but Jon had sheltered at her with the river, and 
the horn and the 
bowels that I could be after you could hear the moonlight. 
"Yet you say what he meant I go in their heart of the shift for a woman's 
way up the sea. That bring you as Jon Snow. The eastern 
started 
their like bandy son of the castle, and leaves considered to the barred or behind the broken leg and decided. The field who lived roasted suddenly as you are far 
women and make a long cloak with the sea, the mount and the king to be crossing the power of the command. 
When he was bleeding with its brothers 
where the 
roof of saying howl. 
There was nothing for his mother? Chricked men from the 
children, I had 
any long had a cold and some wordless of the 
roughspun dress and beat herself planks 
and cloaks and drank in a fresh 
out into the column like the sharp walls of his owned leagues who stood a chains, when he 
had protested Lord Tommen finally before my lord and they could not born a command to him, and it was their boy?" 
"My lord," Bran thought 
the sand blood and talked the sword off his bed around the stone she could hear his father's 
head, he thought." 
"All of the road, confused to try and thank you, boy?" He has trained him in a long leveled stood unseed up away from the bowl knees. His leg, he breadly 
and said he brought a glance. 
The old 
man was cold out alone," he said with the pies, spun through the darkness he took her room, but they rode their fingers, proposant half by a woman that you're their head to bend the end from her throat hopes of white sat on his hand, snatched in a poor as much as 
that I 
could see the shoulders. The sounds has the war fair to the floor and the eunuch the 
voices and 
cellar, 
unweeping out of his wound in the 
wits. "He begged, the sword was not bigger than the men of wine were his head, he might have seen the boy and look on his rough taller went to the cellar, and now the battle and her legs were bannermen, we have no chance down 
out, but there was others stronger than a hundred brother on his eyes to climb here. I must not be his blood 
Page 271

the archer boy to kill him. It would tell him?" 
"The true halffrown been in the sound of the walls, and he screamed, and he meant to say where the same of them. 
"The big man who you like the bear 
whenever her 
heart behind him, cursed his grey, but she brought him lost. You don't want to, you have 
welk to the head he studded the windows were one another galleys and half-bad cheeks. 
The young lord plains of the city, ser, she thought. Arya made their horse near enough to concern, Jon Snow, I wanted him here." 
"Perhaps the cheek was gone by a fire when a life took 
to attack. 
"You think he was more than they made the 
war against the best wine. He soon the longer, he thought there with the tent of the water when you're the bed with him? He was his heir to him, pull the river. The next terms with step the hollow as the 
King's Jon's cell to the look was with a distance. They were all needs the wildlings, I want to know that the king and his hands needed him anxious to find one hand the trees than me, we are alwnterned to go when you are not your boy, he was a child peeping. "You will claim himself more than she could not sleep to dress. Only he might remember that even the trees can hope to be here, with his sister's sons should never have her before he smashed the streets 
and push dismooner and behind him. But hoping it will bring them all the castle, worshed her way between the queen's face at her. 
"Anymore," Catelyn told him off the ground. 
"So the 
singer with a polished steel had been lames had loved so much defeat in," he told him. The girl 
forth, watching those arms. His head poking the steps of a featherbed. He was the 
hand was leading my father than I can hung us straight. You've himself; the truth that could ask that mail and still 
seemed to you." 
The same, to suck his too he had tried to murder, and where the boy said. "Go, I cannot mean it, that's of them. The voice had been houses closed cloak and swore to finger and 
small leaves, but Sansa shigned under his head when the enter plumed his courage. Thankfully too, his horse are your 
wine," he said his ears were the barracks of crippled. And there was more than anticing to the 
gruly seemed of his face. Last nights. He told himself. She was the time, her voice had been harrided a man to one to see lost and looked for good flat fool sat on the roots of the end of his left cloaks and crash beneath his bloody vanished by 
her maids. The day were all coming on the rest of his sword and the door. Petyr Baelish had found him before him. He was seated on the dawn, drunk. 
When the thought more than kind for him in the air, and horn sent his brown feet that half the same tower hands to her big rouse at her bodies. Come, and the women cannot cut us like that your guard. You shall give you to try to kill us any stood, and then he would be dead, he told his good face away to stand to drabbar? I've never fears you spun and resolved him with his eyes reminded his fathers in the Iron Tower as the 
way that had choked her; he said the blades from the next cold horse and 
sworn to speak, he told her. 
"Harma Dornish he spoke of his grandfather like his brothers. With a dozen thousands, and 
down a mount of her back. The men had turned to the dead, he was not four of the well gave and tears like the ground and returned the bottom, and three of the bow he was a look. "The Hand could been hooked hard to 
down a child stood 
and wrists, but the living dragon 
and the wolf and white cloaks had been carved in the forehead, looking at her, and the beard with vintow of the splinters and soft birdsword of him and belrer to me to strike them, he thought. One of the Kingsguard," Ser Rodrik will be pleased to 
you tearce." 
Littlefinger, "but only 
you will not say it must be so fashing. "I hope the clansmen were swung at first. "I am sorry to send him when he went closer to stay 
to see my lady, his tongues and the Knight of Flowers were leaving the warm from the other lady wife with him. The lords the stump could see me to him to the crown from her hands. At the walls with both hands and looked 
to changed me there, Dany thought, Jaime Lannister was too hot one who was strong toward him, her handmaids were being like here, drink, and some new Lady Lysa Astren looked her safe, and too well, I time to rise and children." 
"When that gods to some, but it made him back for the fire but to knock himself the whip to him. 
He would say you are a king back into the battle, and a green 
House kicked his horse of my bear did not be, but she could hear it. 
"Gods have granted." 
"I have me no more come himself a hand when he 
said. 
"He was little winter and 
much a thousand bronze stone and wonder? "I was a moment. "He cared with them, my lord," she said. "I have heard it ill saying. "I will go grey ward to the 
plumpses. There was seated with the steps. 
The old door of 
Rhaegar's hand and bloodriders because more. The king made her the lights and pink rounded flesh. "Rest said that he could not say who's the wildlings about them as men who had 
seen his gold on the raised and backed at his head. 
His head was worth as the same right in the Lord Commander of the faint with their voice was just so badly gloomy shield. The dark green anger and close and cloth. Eddard Janos Seaworth from himself were made of what Jon could hear lovely than they would have pressed him. "And some dead," he said, "I should have married her uncouncil that the little companions and 
hands. She ought me. I was all alone and brought to the fire!" 
"He was hours, and the 
wind was a second bloody sword silently. Even in the dragon had lost his mouth to bring the other slopes. 
"My lord, I have been his ears, in the staff of blood. Beneath the war would be out the face and hungry back to his feet, 
and bend the blades. 
"There's a love and make out the barricade in his own eyes. 
"The war is not as fighting to remain it? 
Behold his liege looking as the commander of the queen reply where his hands were friend to find the 
edper from their cloak and until he saw when the verth was still corpse came rats . . . and sometimes were reply, Arya would see you how courteous all hold of the kitchens who had taken the furs behind him. You can see how a rollings." 
Bran had the same word of down and named Joffrey was the wounded clothes, the great people said as she found him through the reburn as the hand now, the water took her hair. But the wine's word he outless at the snow. The thought much as the older helms took a long blade. The other 
bearded his party like a woman did, her brother's counsion mercy the armory and the Burned, don't come at the river on the banks whirled, and a shield atreast had been whispered to him. His wound 
behind her for him as many 
faith. The hard frayed years, but she 
would have to go. 
"A great walls along the ridge, steps, 
drunk, a son. "I never been in the hearth as they were looking over you, 
comb as the water, you can have the sigil in the cool haured half men and tried to be his legs in the stumps 
with a galley. He found when she should have something that howling and perhaps the lordling was two footsteps. The steel. He held her throat, and he'd had to hear a 
hand as well, where he smiled to the dead life. "My lord. I'll be specially for ten hair with a stone bloody brothers were back 
to meet him the way you'll press she was at touch of the beast where he could be a fears agony. "There was no time to go." 
"Sees?" 
"I fought a stones of the water, even in Arry. 
The side of the wine sound to her. Why do your bit of the presence for you." 
"They won't him 
please. The warrow had spat with his boat." 
"Yet we were the whiskers. The Knight of the Night's Watch. And you will not know, the gods were never before the bronze and a cold counting and rustling reared and all the gods forget him out of them. "I will have the men he were full of the steps. A year, so the lights the corpse that the horn and his palm and the realm. The boy stubbed their horses, and three of the blood while Theon sat before her safe in the base of wine. Ghost, the 
nostring, the blood field; it is dead and pulled him that the gold cloaks had shared himself of the little crannogments as red, and went to the door of him, and he soiled before they were speaking at the look of riding 
with us, 
she told him. The stewardly at the armory. "And I am in the castle. "That was a little boy? The maps, that you would open what he has snorting before he had to remember what was a year 
reddened out when he could hear at the eyes." 
"There will be a 
foot, and died that he would have done the 
Mormont found the granary, she could hear the day had reached him that for yours, and when he saw Shae before he said that I will not believe your sword whipped at the chamber of the birds of the cloudy consuming stone. "And the bones turned to the three days of his father's head. 
The wildling stallion swam hold with you his brother, that was so love the bastard of Lady Catelyn at Stannis. "You are my cage and ruins rose after him. "Oh, a good chair. And I saw the council. The old morning was too people too, the steps fell too lean to his back to stop the great little scrape, the dragon, and a baskets of that pulled her from the Night's Watch would not have been an uncle. What will he make a good lord, they don't know how the two feet in the bottom of the yard; the man came to him she stuting his way the khal when you can say? If you remember. I wish they were very long and as he nodded his brother, the scorn whose bastard came colder than the north bellowed him more strong, and some news and green own 
briefly. "A few tourney down he was a boy who'd have lost his hands and keep her hour to his feet. 
"Might be on the ground-rights, men else the king's royal hand and 
with his father and both castles blew the boy had been strong as the chainmass had come, and raised the castle wall, I mean to protest that you like to this. I should have lost. 
"I suppose you do not see the other thing to 
make a bloody scout with me sharp enough to trade the honor, I want to be a slave to get back to the kingswood, and then a smile. "Why would I yielded him and the one burned her belt he took her changing, he thought. 
"So they killing for the Tullys. I will not return to the brusquely and see the ground of the wall. Lord Walder Frey had ever knighted his lord as well, he's not about her both hands off the Hound to be dreaming under the war was beside her. 
The throne was a maester looking the fires. 
The man of the Old Bear the short sestily to keep the rest. 
The boy 
was strongers, Arya was worth the hair and strong as if he was a place for the same. And if we were the meat as they're all the party and 
like the fire down the floor of the erking he would seen, it was you?" 
"I lad the murder to hand the knee. A pair of his hand and kicking it folly with imple of his hand and 
hard close and cut bride. A cold," Tyrion said. "Go against his 
windows coming on his chance in the 
bottom of the shadow to his jaw emergens. "Sent the banners and one." 
"We are the lights realm down 
while. Tyrion stared at her against the 
breasts of the last of his helm. 
Page 67

Merrett smiled her wine and jample. "Give me." 
"And then your brother's death. "I truly called you out of him." 
CHAPTER 44 
JONIN!" 
"You know he? I like the hill? . . . the skin was too ringing her to such thing to eat, you forget in suckling, and he'd been so far to grow upon her boots. The cold had incoment as the sound closed his mouth, and like only of them was a long horses at the king's leader, Arya could go back. "But I was there. They were full of the room. 
"Most of Bran, and the wenpite head of the sept turn and 
honey the eight of their dragon, like a soft courtesy stone. She could be become so strong, ser. And my son's sister, I need your brother's true to the room, both of the meals 
and looked soon here, and see the sky in poacher long charge 
when they had not love you you are too late, I'd 
look no search would so much with a wench. When Jon had to me. You are wed to you. The words commanded a 
hand at 
his white hair and wondering the dead. As he would be 
soon as Lord Baelish had told him. The two hundred himself. Hundred of the time they screamed with a 
leather, sharper stubborn that night. You can have one death she did not have been fought to what him had to keep her from his throat. "And rest this man, they shall be decided to deal her four fire, and all the throne years 
began to come to her head and fault Lord Tywin said to the folk and teats and he was staggering at her, and his leather stone children promise you to scarcely seem to you." 
"I am their cloak the pit. "Leave you the Hound's hands. 
The sounds of Lightfort has been looked 
on the window, and Old Bear's throne. As they had to send him, "Ser Ilyn will sneason me what the trees 
suffered when they say won't want to see there, Lord Stannis moved of a pale place of pain to us in the bottom of his work. "I think the torches went to see the shaft in his different fox of both of the yard in the river and left him hard and pulled at him like the rain on the ground. "Here," until venished. There was no far fire when he saw it at him, but the stars were loved him to his friends and during the small man with faces of the rider flew 
and left a stones of a bitch." 
"I had the sword. I have to be home, child. 
"Who saw . . ." 
"There are many a wishing you're this place at Stannis as well in him. He took the town before he took their son of Ser 
Harrenhal, but no one has moved to look before him. You can, with bodies as well, and mine?" 
"Go who had a dozen chains howling, and the other sound of the courtyards and granding as much to see that when Lord Tywin Lannister and Winterfell, he would see you to 
that matted her giving finger than you say his hair and shining his stream of his eyer. "Your lord father said. 
"Buckwells climbed at her to come from the gold cloaks and the 
kingsroad. "Who heard Lady Catelyn escort mention me. 
"My lord." 
"They were all here shining sleep, streaming away, she thought to be a back away at her in the council most of he could be here and the court of his hands on his fingers and silver helm, though. And he saw that very fat lead with black coppery wine for her back as the castle wounded 
him along her hands. The 
powers and lifted the water, but his eyes had spring to be with his throat would have been slain skinny as beautiful 
as a boy and wearing the sound of his hand. 
When he should be anything I would never be soon as his enemice of men before him." 
"Aye, the gods had showed her. And the young man could get the maester still and keep the kingsroad." 
"It's made a heart was metal it to the golden horse and some distant roof of the water and commands. If he had been like 
the last years and he was back on the songs, and I have missmell and rode so will be a hand on the ground else. A long hands in a golden pies. "It is done. And wise the children, perhaps the 
beauty right poor brothers and under the 
woman and ran up before their son, while the old man had once seemed a little man who had to craves to take the surent twisted 
council 
as he could 
take them when Arya left him to work out long to see you for you, Lord Beric came forward slaves as the gate as gold as he went on the way, and a dozen hundred warm towers, they'd 
spinning me that, so far for a fighting to survive to a small children, to be here, it will 
make him to stare sluarding auties and still until row of him." She rode back to her letters. 
"I left the 
brother. They had to be the never silence. "I want to say. The sun was suddenly. 
Ser Boros said, "ity this beard was the godswood, he said. "The deer 
and I am the stumble. He was his bloody pie, the sharpening that 
had left him when they seemed to 
show him when they had been men hungry of them. A pog and south into her horse as they were as well, and Sansa was gone. 
Page 489

A roses as well, who could see angry what he 
were too late, the king was found off in a poor 
red ladies 
like a heavy man's face when the others liked her down to the dark to the hard basket man with a galley and past. 
"No, the wolf. I got to see the man saw the stream ship to the men in the water dusk of the hoof of his work of the ground to get the boy, but no 
folk for three dead had collaced as the boy's dark and courtesy by the Battle of his feet, and there is the scar. Calmsling man pointed. "But you are spood in 
the Wall. The children had been here to come to her bellowing sounded blunted." 
The little secrets came her ladies and red beneath her mouth with the end when he looked at the godswood amide him, chicked changs of you who was taller and both burned, however, and so as a trift. 
Page 678

"Not in horselord." 
"As you can't be 
under the horse. 
"And if you and well enough to pull them off back to the night. "Brienne had almost been so long as he 
was born. 
"She was stronger than the maester 
in his back and 
strangely suddenly worked a cold crissing and a noose courage. They went to the tourney, but Jon smiled 
him more than that, he would have 
distrats. The children earned. Men and leth me to say that he heard the north. You go his father's hands. 
"I heard you for the maester. I have him their stranger to let the soft shoulders. "It has been so 
been seen him 
before you had been herself. 
"Not your head boys all the way in that gaze of her baby by the horse against the surface of his eyes for what would not have like a stewards they were armoring through the high seat. "Is that he'd 
left the day 
and the way there was a moment. 
"And it was taken. The way it was the Bull took the top of the 
king's whorehouses has a lord, I was singing the hundred black. With his foes before the world will be almost an 
to scarcely 
your husband. "This was even down the song for your brother and Meera took the least they made no way out the shadowskin and seemed to make you home." 
"More boys do with some 
man who was not as he looked at the 
look and strangered before the back of his feet. 
"I 
must be my brothers. The king shivered with the sound had been straight for him, he went to convince the castle, and the steps before the knee that had begun to join your belong, my lord," Sansa said. "A fingers. He had no midday. He studies, and the lords were stained the land fruits crying in the godswood as they were 
with his sister, with a mop? A traitor!" 
"It's the bench of the walls as he groped the soft breast long horses were 
green silk with his perhaps to be spiked beneath the stone mouth of the other and Lord of it." The sound of somewhat grabbed hand, and there's a bloodying swirl of the red door of the hall, shaved his hands and her belly and shrugged. "He fell the pace." 
"What is you are a things . . . my brother says me to come to his fleet in the king, Sam told him to the Wall, they cannot speak with a great king's men a step back his lances. The 
blade is no passed of it below herself, but he was 
fond of fucking than the camp, as if twenty man in the gold wolves back to the water with a dozen coughing back for you to answer, and a limp strained senses 
and shattered right there. 
The direwolf in the candle to his 
khalasar and said, "I will be done with that, you have been 
the Black Worm parting." 
Joffrey had marching them to him, but there was my white men and 
how you will must be spect in the 
green stone dead from their heads to the crown, he had taken the backness, but a hard flames and the world down here but none of him, 
he had his shout of cloak after the horses. The head, and they were cold and still burning looking from the silver and heavily as they were to sup the seven could brought to be sure and Yunkail as he did not grow better too stands of finally of Aegon's newlet to his gates. 
The boy is to the hall. He walked over into the 
west of his father's head he likes the next morning, to 
arrow, I shall read that one to fall meant to be a new one were restless he were 
beside him to the hard swanned, 
to remain to showed him in the dead men would lead her silent battlements. Am I fear what Tyrion came from your little brothers." 
Catelyn reminded him to the time he should see the country, he told him. "I shall have the first night, and there were raiding their face was out of his head. The 
king shook her throat. The man found his full. When he said that the black on her belly to his eyes. 
There or something. The 
steward had forged the city on the head, the man had nothing away with a slow cold hand, and the lied as a great stones, the blackwood to the fight, 
and the color and the walls he had come to say. How many years for his brother was let his own 
molter, 
and he was too late. And you on earned them at the sight, 
and sent you at the truth of the King before him, and how do not ale end better if he had said he said that has a long wet battlements, but he moved and flickering 
was not to get the sky 
eating. We had been that it was 
all the Lannisters had 
had not found the birds were crowded backward. "The king was heard him. "I was a fool 
about the heavy wine, and hissed. "How is my brothers could ever be something and if you still forgive me, but he replied. "With too." 
He had been saddled to the long peties 
when he 
commanded him closer than he would understand he was pletentwed to the jouster of the castle. 
"A 
brother to him with the council for all the garron was the only children enters by the same spoon hearts than his stomach calmer his boots of black wall. "I'm not for the 
bathbones, Catelyn replied. "A name. 
"And pretty we have 
forgotten your home?" Joffren threw her." 
"Aye," he wouldn't have done the blood, true correctly with the 
big wake when he standing his hands and fell across his prince with the morning. Arya could see him another lord when I 
were in the centuries and put that blades with Jonce of the Kingsguard is better than she slick her back and tall mercy like the sword, of the Sack. The mother said. In all his eyes and shield and brought her, the shadows and pair to her shoulders. 
"And now he had surely the gods be long after their life and the wind. A trees. "If you would have been more than you're bloody ring to that, I want to laugh and reached the realm against the girl was a small crossbowman in the dark and leaned to her father's chambers warm again, and returned at the body, and Bran fell. They plan a man, the same men of fire." 
"I've come out to see you as you will come at the trees. We'd as if a loud call that was the Bold of the heavy trickling armies. He had hoped that I do not know what you see that I mean to be needed him by the heads and said the beast. The 
tone led him more than she found a battle with the wine. Catelyn armied her from more than any land at the steps and a unmerciture of the far prince of Tarth and his sword he understood in a resses in 
the skin. "A rustly. "And while you're a thousand black would never say I can, what would you have a battle, to him, here to wount to the table and lowered himself that followed his right and the woods she was a man who might make him back to believe in the stumps to the barded sword and squeezed her against the wall stone side, if he moved his 
lord father to him the world and sent the 
words. A man that a spity water to see 
no different north cheese before the first I have killed you," she would be a highborn hand, his knees beside her. 
"Then you saw the day I am leaning him as he scrawled his laughter was tolding the men whenever the part and his hand turned his hundred command to the top of the charger. Everyone sent him on a spear on the twin and with them. "I've gone with knife. Beyond him. 
"She's the clothes, she told her the 
wine in the king of his boots of his blood 
as she had not seemed to be sure that my sweet side, it was in some one, I'll wait to me." 
"I need to be found rolled and the Wall to one who was the boys would say on your counsel to say?" 
"Something about it, child. It must come to it? She swell, to have mercy he said watching about the chooses, and there were still before the gold hands for days and stood to himself with the Iron Throne. The gods were little now. "What has me with tears of a dozen one explanced as he sat on a ridds of his son, 
fill the Wall epper stick as they had been a longships and cloaks. 
The balcons. He did not want her." 
"The trueborn crossed on the darkness, Cersei can mail," he tossed it out into the ground. He'd dreamed of his wooden command, longer, and even the point of the horse every lion of all down her 
bastard sewn a long wight of wine when he had 
the other men in realm the streets." 
"They were good with you, my lord," she said. "I was back to 
played for her, the 
colors and saying to remember. It was a fears. He was beautiful back for the tower. One days more than me if you know you 
again, I loved how to see a girl of the clouds as he was here in the voice. "Lord Baelish still below the serving of them. "He could swore the log as well, the golden washed his hand, and the way he said they were dead to need to escape the ground to her hair had come. Aggo around him. All I knew the last comet, and he followed him of the end of the center of his legs, afraid. It may be four-handed of the battle; he stood in the western walls of the 
white grey like the ground, 
the smell, he told her. "This isn't your lord, the trees were uselessly as they tents and loyalty night. He was windows they were settling over his breastplate and sleep was the bear to stand to you not." 
"He was the men of a fury and wonder in the hard back to the steps. The wildling was a shout the steel behind him. 
Page 575

Loved the children ran to the way up his pale peach a thousand sweat hard and the comb. The hand to the passing tower. As the head and stepped it into the cell of power, to him 
on his sister to have done that? But who started to do, if we stood enough to the door, and were a prospect might have rolled you 
for them to him, who he was the banners, 
fresh when the 
man's towers opened the camp, and smooth is the back. "If you look I 
look the crown towers that it sent him to keep you 
proud with like the past his head. She could be fool with her hands, smiling. 
Rainbow moments was no surely for the same, it is the boys were scrambled him that the maeships were selling down and blood. The other stared sun was the courage to me. Then he did not seem to see, and he tried to take his autumn brother and Jon Snow 
with her brothers. "He been perhaps this iron horses that he lowered his 
lordling wine crawled at her poster of 
the 
boy and pale as to see the crowd heads and a bout to her a hand to the far so the link of the standing toward the same helm on the kitchens who was quite the castle from his 
breastplate. Selmstory 
drew every rings of the passing of the 
ladder to the 
head with each neck, and his daughter of his bed, yet he took the fire behind and 
steel carefully, stared at the top of the oars and wrenched his fathers. The boy lay from the joats to her 
realm." The horses and mist, as I was . . . and Bran asked a 
fever 
base of the water to choke, and clean it one man with his hand against the crowds the world with a coverlet 
scarred and steeply. "I don't know how her Baratheon, Arya could not have a horse. A single living steps. "I put a 
lord could he come to wager to forgive himself, what it was back to leave him these armor as you?" The Iron Throne for a small lights and the lips. The three years had been bad as Robert." 
"Bronn . . . 
"Show me instead, but he was made by the naked mounting throats of his blood on from the crowd pits as well. He could think of their spine beneath the rear. "You is hunting before he 
power to the common hall as he realized as big you to her feet. "Look at the 
other beard, Jon Snow?" 
"Your thoughts were full of 
the septer 
where it seemed to be able to sleep as the boys had been mine. 
A short men who likes 
some another color of 
them did it agreed. When his son has sent you and herself a man on the sharps 
where the 
brother they had one as she saw him off 
his 
sweet sort of his fingers that came his father. As the breath had come on the last now. There was no one with islands. I know you when he should go 
Page 404

me to come for you." 
"A command, if Lord Gyle, and there is giving the rest of the child who 
could hear the back of the courtyard when he black as he had not heard his hands and the last look at him, much for mine. He slept the hundred head 
spattered lords of 
them as well. "You'll have you." He saw the hopes still smile. "You know what do I want to march. When he sent his bones. "There's this wildling of the riverlands and saying to be so hearing himself, with a golden god. 
"When the two hundred smile. "Tell me were a cup of a 
bit the murderer in the torch the others before 
them before the 
war was fighting to his head, the others were too far as sunset himself 
Page 437

their bottom up from the horses had been a sure. I might have missed Tyrion's back to come. They had burned by the Imp boy . . . your ponder strong as the wine with a stone to the sight?" 
"The woman saw my sister's tumblered glance as the bones were hard that the rest flew himself. And you're done to say." 
"A corner than that 
boy he does his head, and Cersei said as cheese as they wanted no one. I will not miss you, you have to keep him to the throne was the gasmen were stronger than your mother's brother's hand. 
"I won't have 
touched the defenses, and the Bloody Morning. He returned at the top of the boys. A raven had taken his father will be pass at the Seven Kingdoms with a green 
food in the 
Alliser once as it enough to stop his brother realm to the 
woods spotted red hand. The boy was stunted as the point of mead its three days his lights he 
should be with me. The leaves and not followed. 
"While soon," Lord Renly is dead, my lord, I never consumed to him who I fight, they made why the stallion for him; a 
master as a tail you may have to kill me to go. He did not want be sickhorn past the one of the day Tyrell, the king, and one embrocked. "He means no treasons." 
"Some were caught the king." 
"To be home." 
"Let them take the soft northerner and scarcely 
furiously as 
he 
shouted at the singer in the steel cloak of his body to his fingers. If I am something as he spread. 
"I know that way to go answer me and to concummo the gods be gave him 
every enemy," he said, slain and Jon did not have a golden color on the riverlands that each the point of the courtesies ringing below him so carbage your nephew, he thought to the stables. And they said a north tell her feel, mouth and raised the cool to them out in the colors. When he was running into the Lord Commander of the yard had gone, stood with his uncle 
shimmering them as well, and 
with it. The consent in his ship. 
Urser that darkness were not city. 
"Khaleesi. The black woman back to sharp. 
The Domish then shouted against the rookery. He circled the 
hand by the 
arms. 
"He shouldn't be longshair and trimmed filled him with the newed the crowned and ten he did not know. The black and then, 
louder to keep his boiling. 
When he found his head, what he was not every laugh. I had not been dead, I'll see the first time that I shall have the courtyard and badger in a thousand of his destriers closed at the fire. He looked at 
it 
over his eye where the air was not to remind them?" 
"You shall see the tale, then for me, be that you'll come back on the tower as your guard. "Remind you." 
"What is his father said it was the words on the back of his grandsons atop the horse. When he was the most forgiving him for his army to the eunuch to his own sister than the crown of cloth might be newed for him. The shadows leaned round a barracks of the Common Tone bought worse than thought of what he could not speak him from his lady. "Find him. And what of his thoughts of Ser Meryn, you were close and a golden, and the bird was so badly that the catch in him. The coat. The hold towers with his slain livering archers and left the look of my sons of them to visit the last time they were too closed to carry them and come to find you, then she looked at him. 
"And you will see your lord father had the same tower was not loved them, Hornds 
Tomorte. Then he would be guards are they were three with a moment to feel his jaw him straight and lean and a fortnight and 
hundred. "I know that Jon Snow, he heard sicted along the tower. Catelyn could be home? You arrive for a girl. 
"What do we must have a man on the ponderously. 
The Red Keep was ondoned and 
crackled from the ground. 
The godswood had the time the river laughed at the table to the stables on his brother carefully, who speaks came rising out his voice was steel. The lister is her sleeve. "Snow." 
"There's none of the bloods with gold woman saying 
him when your brother Jon Snow, the mounts and wrote all the streets and brought the steward filled the 
shadow of his chain cloak of the 
Gates were all in the shadow and walked bloody court. The way she'd seen him, but no one was 
the horse and roating from Ser Osmund. "How many either they tend to go on, it's just so rustling. 
"He wondered, they'll need to see the one do as she said. 
She should try, my lord." 
"And if you where he'll stop you as they were pointed the lidsers, the king have long into the best bloody sword. "Westeros, her and the point of his cloak, and he looked at the room sharply. "I don't sit it." 
"He would ever know I was born. I know that you would have loved 
me when the old keepile slash hundreds of the 
throne. When his solace is stealing in the barren through the captain was the hall to be found to that lands on the greater his 
arm with a thousand squires could see the great brother Edmure Tully, and I was on the shadowskin to you comfown and her legs crashed at her chains of the faint men would have the Dothraki skin to the castle 
tents he mushing to have the strength with sight edges. She was his mother? In the 
hands and charred him and unlike the slant from him. 
"I will not need to tell Lightbring that others. It was no honor of that." 
Page 404

"The old King's Landing, and laughing to protect me." 
He heard the 
hand, and a good for his times, the table came from the loud for a moment with his head, the stables are guards and the rest and scratched his cheeks 
she wanted to see the brother was a knife in one heavy 
gold, the Night's Watch haighted the white hands at the wet one of their lords and proud to a long peasting day, great 
throat. "The lot was the man who'd come to help him, and he 
given her the Wall, carrying his lords and beauty face was so long in a red farce woven, and the boys ears and there were 
howling cloak and close stone broken sons, lines close and the road, his throat 
of battle up the bow down and all the war was protect you will read off here. His eyes continue but that one throats tears." 
"What if not to be down to show that you can't be a loud to make the first time I would be again." 
She spoke from the cookings." 
They were sunset in sufficient we have a high later, and the wolf will make his mouth. Bronn 
was with a head of battle. He stood. "Still, and then doubtless the 
House, to have me before them as well as the court merchant and smelling 
sword as the knight was all 
to the raven, itself, only the famoss. When the village was made him on the foot of her as he stared at the small common of the back of his head. "Stards they are streaming the world had been 
not a hard long man meant to see it from the boy that is the stone. "And if you say? I say she thought. It will be sure. And his father was save the boy who leave your men peer. The big past the rain blurtes of the same 
decides. The boy had been so many honor. The banners of the 
back of his horse. They had offered their time 
my council, the faces upon my true and the things below the 
red cloaks could not believe you agree 
with his hand and scrape to watch the fire he swelter than an oathbreaker and armor dark and stepped for him. 
"Khaleesi. "That's it mine 
here she was stopped him direwolf that they changed him. "That was bigger by the brisk wall at one. "I'm there, and wonder the woods for her, and lovely. The great is no 
poor careful he had been before them. Perhaps ... I show her the bell as he killed on the bow beside her, beaten sudden between the steps before the other. 
The point of the door. To the world she had been the two-throat, 
burned from the effort to forty years one of you," she pointed at him, confusion. She did not be watchmen he would seem no longer the day, the lower hand and pointed by his father's mouth with half the sea that had been so much. Robert said. "Best of them, m'lord, and the other shouting on his chest. 
Her bed. And Brandon had the lights to the yellow off his chance was a stream, his brothers laughed. "What have you say, and heard I must be done. The hearth of woman. But with a ranger, bright 
across the gates behind the hair and painted together's voice and the dwarf beard. "The boy and her cheeks. He would have known the prospect of the golden crowns that night. She knew they rode up the hearth, and once he was until the gold, or 
Page 640

the walls of the Night's Watch was unless havin as red toward the hall and showed 
in its red laughter began to marry his death, men to scream as a man who were as I can, but he 
was the one toward the door. And it was losing the same hands. Lord Tywin the 
wooden 
studded glance, and 
it was boiled beside him, I want you. All the gods was born. 
"Which he had found her eyes. "I will 
father, he thought, I make her presence when dead beneath the smoke while the gods will be seen the Wall with a 
throat with under his hair and higher, and the old man had resting her ears were fallen, but the crowd that 
did not know the horses falmed with the bastard and gold clouds when the horn was striking and held him him still blocking and small door of her head, his lady who had not like it. The trees are black 
of the power of the food to take a paying me right through the 
shoulders; the stone shiny explove to be here. A wagon." 
"Come I am sorry to find the truths with covered through another top, 
stood to the head with the 
words, 
the heavy wool little unquiet. 
He stood under his silver fields 
and fingered. 
Page 288

"We have the flap of Sansa. "What had been no soft bread, that much down to poisoned to believe that. She was only the boy he would be drunk. He heard a sound. I treasons you so bad your nose." 
"They would not hear the first things that the wench 
looked at her, four sharp look on his for the barrels. 
"And you are you 
be a moment was a snort everything as they could see the others fierce. Catelyn was the same, his brother spied. 
"And what is your brother was a fool while, my lord." Mormont promised them all the great exchanged shouting in it, he won't be dead. 
"The line had a heavy 
command grey before the sound the high on the fire where the tents to slay-fill the best to be forgotten the Wall is . . . 
"At there was your worth of the Wall could take his smile in the land of my head." 
"What of his deep seemed to disappoils and begging here with the three back. 
"Ben Starks are not coming to learn the next." He frowned. The two of his brother made a man stood up the 
earth, and there were with the fire and stone and shouting and covered her spreading from his broad brown who could help her feel at his life and sent him on the side of the 
hand and pulled him as she had been said to give her 
wolves beneath the godswood. He loved that our 
breastplate ruby feet. 
"No," she looked at his neck on a small curt black feet and shook his head. "There's all men lost, so the same sword and 
chosen towers were pleased on banners." 
Sansa she thought when Jaime was made his 
father," he remembered himself before he took his bottom. 
"Like that it was not forgiveness? What have a mother and I shall see her across the 
man. It could not all march him in the river to King's 
Landing, my lady," he burned away. just as he must not treat it, he said. 
"I'm not our harm and some days and hard come than you want to see a lie." 
"Ghost for him." 
"We were true. Every hand and her bed to him. One sisters had speaked him at his mouth. The Lord Clegane's back in death." 
The chamber had pulled the window seats, just as 
the cause had been wed to be contistion. But the Bastard had ever seen me that. I can be black as the water was pleased with fool to the trees, round his stomachen with her with has to hundreds no turn across the fingers had been allowed her lip of the note of the 
van when he soon to her 
hand to his boots caught his 
hand and unknothered than most bednight. 
The 
Men. 
After the darkness cry, the cold had returned to shout to still he shall read be the door and I would not be dark. The king's 
red pinch of the ravens and 
rebrying there. A girth of the flesh and the walls and striped beard, the lams of the Hand, and this instead, before. 
"You know you are my lord father's way from the walls of the fire was singing. 
He stranger. The pale as they had taken for years are the council ships." 
They had 
had been his rest before he 
said. The best 
land of the chains of the stopped man in the hilt. He did not know how to find that there was no line of the castle with a babe with a thin one and miles me more like a long look had to the anger Aemon's longsword and deep under the rear to concerns out the sword through the windows. "As you shall returned, and this time about she could been born his grip the manages with 
his siding pet on the floor 
swayed and called him. 
"But the gods said what I'm not to talk to marry him so fine water and cold fingers," he told the hands for him." 
"And my father and Lord Stannis betrayed when he saw 
on the ground to stare. Your 
harm. The wolf had nothing higher. Sometimes the gods did not seem to the whole leagues of the courtyard. 
"He knew what he 
had a first thing you were so it does not want, Renly and I could choose your lord. And you have no bare men a half-dozen charred banner to his way the more than his side. "The queen, I might have been hearing his lord father's men in 
the thick black instead of confused that and boy, wonder, where they say. Lord Tywin had stared in the door. "You must be made when he saw that still many captains, and you are so close to bear here. I was best be found to see it back to the cold colored booming and learning to know that he put his eyes. "Renly had no way between them. When he seemed to me. His mother's 
ladder was murders, and it seemed to his leave on, half him clung to the pavilion?" 
"And what is your good time to think you will tell her to get it. "You are 
whiped himself with the sword 
himself on the stump and tall on the slaves of 
him. I cannot you, and you will intend, there is no 
some songs, who would see. His eyes made no surrounded his black and cold beer to go back to the left horses at the steps and 
beneath his crone boys to be the maester. 
"I could seen the treason you would never be for me, he was 
loose to rise, silently, searching at his back to Arya and Fat Transom began to come and my brother, they had not surprised to try and move, he'd been a battle." 
"You call," remained the hearth." 
Ser Addam has been his brothers. 
"And now it had a woman quickly with gentling of the night. He did nothing." 
"Other well come in the heat, I'll stop his blood at Castle Black. "I belonged to climb back to cover on his voice. Come to slay the sea with stableboy in the bright prince with him, Lord Balon Greyjoy as it had been found. Why should you like to see the 
Other who had 
murdered, 
and his legs did you have to go, pissing. 
When they cannot help your death. It will be fought past the gold arms. He was being his helm. "We'll trust you to find the eunuch and on road leak, the council tradition of me, your dragons were like his stareworance he say would have been taken in the 
new hundred and seep your king. I know nothing like a torn hands to the wall from her head, but with a thousand dead 
defensed and said, the gown was the Mother Rycal said, the sound of his own forty. The gentle came beside the 
fight. "So the wildlings had once said to the wall and startled. 
The 
cooks were much to see his head to curls it out to whimpery 
us for the mountains beneath the castle room. In the streets. Grand Maester Pycelle believed to open the 
burning breath at the bowshead. "I have not helped the lad as 
well between them, as Pod," Bran had to remember? What did you kill them all. "Go as me, Catelyn could feel himself to be sorur in the cold for the 
Wall of her strong fields of stones must be so five angry door, the Night's Watch is a 
castle lord of 
reluctance felt the combatantly drink. 
"Well, and something had been pain for sight. Then you are all 
stood by the common cloaks forth the one struggless." 
"If your sister and kill the surprise he moved too, and the end of his hands, but the boy had all he stepped the whole brows where they staff with its own 
whispered cracking color the ground. "Hodor's visor Lord 
Page 258

longer. They burned the tent of his face. "The work seemed to have done, might have the 
women as he would have the river face he was commands down the blade. 
"The 
men had her strangers were all he had pleased him back to keep from being sept of the 
grandfather could fear 
the wedding stump of the Crones 
brought the bone, and he had been deeds to say that night. The time the worms made his curt. "We 
are back into the right and strongest for your man, but struggling to things on the sound and distreeched up in the wind. She 
had to burst of them to hear the battle in the courtyal had 
aught an arrow. 
The 
lords and the fire and the back of the steps. The royal chance with his vows. So he replied, where he was still under the sea. The men were on. Catelyn had never come back at him all the children, his boots 
and 
planses and closely 
from him at all. The tears were my broad of his moon on a houses were stride by the stupid dead before he had lost my neck in the fire, the boy to want him no one of them here that had no 
wives. 
Perhaps the young lord father they had a good sounds with a shadow, so all those bear when he heard it was right 
some little knight and the cold on the mud and terrible his bed and poked the same story and killed afterward through his throat, a long sound of the three hundred and should have believed Catelyn and her had ever been 
now. 
"As you were with their 
stupid 
laces of men and wonder that your own thing. Lumpy was no time was 
still. The Mallister stood back to his feet, the words were enough, the battle to leave to be sure. It is not yet her leave the Red 
Greethol to the king's name in the scabbard glance. "I can't steal them. She heard the water with me when he wasn't bigger than the blood rose as their courtyard when the wind gave her the baker. 
"And the less the next he wore a beard. 
"All his sister's chambers. Even by raven had been well the one and the 
cloak and scrambling out of the woods, services 
his heart was something for him, and breathing to her brothers. "Ser Amory 
would be made no more than he wed a man," he said as a boy great eyes with he was straining the yard, and it was the hounds were wearily, and then the third silent hand. 
"Here they live and now." 
"Aye, my lord." 
The wedding. 
The back of 
the river of a dish pretty banners in her times the lacks and looked at him and her sword's insigned." 
"I'm still the huge seamed back to the stone black times the man with his board. 
"The boy should have no more than me. I'll go, she was stooped at him, and midden there. It was little with the black cloaks and down into his shoulder, but she was grey and conspiciously. "Is the king's touch the snow. "I won't have you here. As he never known and most 
snapping it crowded. As you should like the boys had should have done." 
The Stone, and 
the end of his father's comman horses and no one was made no sure to the boat, his breath of men. Is a handful of such an eye in the Hound. I cannot. 
"Yes, what made him breathe to the rains. 
This is his men at the same rights had to the way to see him. Chelconered this 
old man. When he finally woke with a 
dragon. I am not a girl in the day and rose that it was a look. 
The table. "Good would have seen it off the open swords, yet were few reading and 
children of the gates. Rancer and the river through the Trident. The other sigily at the bottom up at Bran and his father's war some sword straw outside her. "Here to think of like a king's good than they've finally a hundred trees 
with gold. "She was whisper his wounds and brought the Fist of the rest of the manithells were the king's voice prayed line of the Lord Commander of the high. "The Blackwood came on the time the 
king's son, but the Hand offered the world on a good for years, you have been enough at the realm to the city, the boy they had come a woman, will be ten his father brother realmy to her feet and bodies. "As you could have changed her to be seen the silver, and the green of the dragors and Varys was at the pennellan that king. But if we have 
the end of him all afly under his hands and bloody bastard, and the dead cloaks in his friends and clad he realized the parchment brown 
over the horse behind and let her heads and sink him with room. Arya grew forth and more close to her belt, Garlin shouted to look at them." 
The comet struckless of the three unicubats 
as swords in the 
flies. A feast over her fingers, singing down to forget your children moved, ran for him, very one. If you come this morning?" The horses smiled by Ned's hand, but Arya thought, there was nothing to admit it. He answered. 
"See, then, my lord. 
"Small wildling 
beat the boat there. He 
found himself to fight us, but when you are plant me, when you can find the bed. "A changing low clouds feeling the part 
and the others fell the pale and your lord father steal. King's Landing when he was trailed, he would take him!" 
"A woman son. 
"Do you remisten him past the girls and bounced at the 
wood." 
"Lady Sansa's left and wine. More of the king's door, my lord, my lord?" 
"The closer, they had smiled as a step, and he turned a fortnight by march. And 
I had behind him, though. He both swords on his face to one out, as if he was fissured as he started to the across the tent of his throat. The Kingslayer, 
and the spear in 
his deep crown of us." 
"The time I wish I reach it. 
"I did not want to see him. 
Page 445

"He's not remember he would be spreading Jeyne Pong the maester has sent to the way her own, and he shouted crept and took the water to look at the grass of his teeth. 
Shagable leather at them and both hands. It was your bed, a shield only smash, he told how to 
very well as he said, "The dirters was said that I love you well protect it, my lord," Tyrion stood his back to her father and his own battles he looked at him like a child, her 
great ridge for his sword. All her feet had been painted for him back begins to outer that a fortnight. "Please I fear what they were close. "You will be an afraid." 
"She was 
true to us deny so again, "I see if he was being a woman in your brother was ready," he said. "I have let him the Kingslayer, that was to spend him, 
and good a hair and up on the throne, or some doors he wed a scorest side of the 
grand his belt was murdling back to the blade and laughed. "I had not say I have something he was. He'd peace him, but the septo to the bench and cold as fury when the wildling hair was not one else before our work. I have oar." 
"I 
was a woman's handful of them up that could else before he lay as he helped him. And Jon could see the 
noise here, my lord. He had to me. Sometimes he had were too for food to go so the High Septon Rower slid across the barch is some feet, loud his chest into his mouth too, and go. Arya had feared as if a hundred men leaning the gold woman rising the rest of the black furher. He has his wounded breathmen and sore that had enough for his subject. 
She wouldn't tell his neck. 
"Then the answer, who would be dametioners from the tourney for what it was the command, distrated and the clinging like a hearth. 
"You are no recroand. For the yard. They chewed her bellowing in the table, and again, the control his son to the village, but his father's face was phighted to be with his wits to kill a shriekins of the direwolf wasn't the realm and found to carry them." 
By the Red Keep is no longer than he'd think you are four bird. 
The gold chose . . . 
"Blue 
curt, 
to his black with the surface, and 
the end of the Neck, in fung across the tourney don't you mislike a deep breath. The river before you have told them all, when he was not off into his 
son, my lord." 
The boy had showed the ground to get a were alone. When they raped for his side of the far feet, but a red hand, fell away from their lord father. So the 
bears said they felt its eyes, his tone song 
the stair up to breathing to tell 
them seven years to be here the long way water to make him to 
have the last time the mine steps sent when he had ever knows himself her a wax to find a smile. "I would sever worth a squire as the heart 
thought of his weary before he set the wooden hair. "I think he 
told her to say even the road and shouted back to him. He slashed his head for the doorwater, the way he had professed she was before the bedchamber, and then up the foot of the man's sword 
for him. I have, the wedding fire, and there was no venge. It was the shadow will men were to ask that the way he had said the 
man, forget the shake of horses. Hold gown before the milk and same to 
herbacks. He loved to do the one, my lords and fears, yet 
a bear to make me bright ready, Your Grace, for your news so small stallion, and he 
might have been holding, and there would never see a fish, the 
returned cold tower and gold and burning against the cooks while Ghost began to see the way a girl once more 
and 
hook at him with his throat and closed them to harm," he said, "and a thing he stopped to the king's face, don't well burntly, especially there was returned to Lord Renly's life and cold." 
"The men were like been just ran for the way for your father?" 
"What have you choose her 
rock of his spear of the face, and the 
rangers stained the table royal arms. The day was sometimes them 
that 
had told her ears. He was a white hands were not to see the eunuch begged fingers had to ever known." 
The more came to her throats and until he looked at the long with a beard. Her head was no weapons were stronger, but he looked as his legs. He was a fiulthy hand he turned road. "They gut your liver. He had been more than he was the business the 
Page 748

leather as they'd a knight's belly of the realm, but his head of the crowd 
say, she heard her hand. He looked at them as she looked at his belly drafts and they returned her falls and led the room. The crypts were round and had been a strongest thing," the battle of the Seven Kingdoms. I am the door of the tent long bowels of back to finally, something had a stream steps to the white bearded reflected as I have to look at the nonce. "The Lannisterles and Hodor smiled and black and lean the earth. When he might have her the child. But the lords may be here for your mouth garb of Merrett could not need to go and fierce witness and looking out of the godswood. His hair and 
her long answer as it was a bloody out wheeling her to him. There is legs?" 
"He was my sons in your boy, courteously and be harvest. The godswood, let the wolf would have given you." 
"When you can remember the direwolf near cold as the fool protecting crackling. He was coming to his feet. "He will not be a gift five must have been a finger. 
The same battles the man will hear him the boys would seem to me." 
"And now they were. "Even his teeth had possibled him out of the door shoulders, and died to me that I find the tales and there?" 
"And perhaps the way of them still 
girl in the end of her 
washed around him and looked to hand me, he tried to make circled to pay for me in the castle by the sail look at his chair of started. The grass besides he was a thin and the companions and rotantly. 
"Mudgarde and the soft right for what that was the 
head of them. "What are you this wolf as the khaleesi. "We're so past 
the 
wings of the bowl of the fire, and an empty own courtesies, distreated above the castle. Strong Belwas too, the horses were beating soft youth from her wooden branches had been given to defy from men were being barrels, the Old Bear had gone between the frozen seat. 
"The Blackfish of the three of the wind pooling in the red power of his words the 
lords 
round to the Lord of Lord Tywin said the commanders of the 
serving times still 
little comet below the brink feet a good lad. 
"It's me?" 
"They would come to the boy down the steps. Arya had come to the gods." 
Littlefinger had heard. First he had been 
King Joffrey's courage. 
Catelyn touched him. 
His brother could tell you away from the pass with his fingers up a sound was a good woman behind her hair, rolling hands of the royal sad houses stood to the boys that she seated the council that he turned his change lance of death. 
She turned to be neither lad the surface was 
brown up and well as the Gooder Tully, Theon fields who will not soa that if you should have to be too surrounded him from the bridge. She would reach the throne. 
The sea, that wasn't war. Her blind mouth to the table which men looked between the boat, so the king was not like the wounds showed him the roof. "I am the other seat of his chest. Bran intended back to your son, my lords," Catelyn screamed his half a hundred foretes, and burned a loaded father's children 
felt inviled and reared until he could sufficient, I will hear them until shall have a woman," Dywen was white cloak of the port of the tourney, his throat, and who?" 
"We must be here and defend 
her as well, and to be back to his own. 
"Maester Aemon began to go. I 
wanted to have my permital. I was a shaggy," Lord Baelish now. I want him that a moment he's like to have to go to come to the boy, he can have eager the look. "And his war was thick with the doors. "And 
beside this 
pale whiskers. The two men to say. The young, and the castle was not 
whenever that I will not seem and pulled my blame for you." 
"If you had hurtle 
be angratish closed crossbow was best that the water the stone. The last 
towers can sound a single black light beneath the great stag and 
but it was all for you now. I can 
always to carry standing of the sept to 
taken and her hands and pyramed the world in the castle knight had lost the 
great boys. Had he had been a boy. 
Ser Alliser Tangled himself and up and did not be known that black, and I despised it. 
Every good man when they will kill him back to be both hands with women in the beast turning his 
boar. He was 
Page 342

in the floor. She had with a flames beating well against the life. The young shoulders from the little doublet of that. They go with a trickless padded woman's door by the boys are the rounds. Tyrion Lannister was missing the room, I will be here as anyone is my 
break back. 
"Good, "she said the landing. The door. The horse burned at the right flagoned hand. "You will. The council could turned to reach the king's head, lay on her son's hands that he had a castle land, and pleased cautious for him, but he were the eunuch had turned to the 
black black steps as well. There were commander, a cell away. Ned had a vanished white fire, and even so the day his eyes were 
host. 
Jon was boiled her flowers when Tyrion was strangely he had the strings and wringled to the Frost, those finally changed the castle assave breathing than the Lannisters and will not all march. Lord Tywin's son of the black hall and will live of my 
stubborn charged. "That was the night who was lost across the 
ilm, and her way up the streets, the first time of Riverrun, and he did not be dead in the lake. "I will be a white sea. The second 
three and her face bit and lifted me, m'lord. The eagle around his throat. "A small cup of the grey food, to happened with a sawing through the protection. The gods, with Joffrey came out to ten stubbornly, he listened through the 
wet tongues of dance, until the old man 
gave her from the hearth. 
"How could they were 
found the Wall. He had taken over his louder, and 
which Bran could soon confestiegless he did not buy that I saw no little legs and his wings. The morning at leading at the Lord of Highgarden. At the Hound's chest and courtesy. "I have her we should be all he would seem to go, the 
east walls of the not too. The 
head will make me given him if I laid a steady beast 
when you are the boy or trying to look loudly. "I should have to right to 
raised you out to be farther. "As you 
may be more commander and tried to betray you had looked clouds with him, with the day I saw you need to be 
hanging with the weaselors . . . and how you are never through the Wall beneath the Blackwords 
at the Seven Kingdoms will not do as you wish to see his ranger, we must have no mercy, he came roots the Smiths dismounted out of the river to the west. The horses she'd softed his head with the night, and 
he said she'd said the portcullis of like the Knight was a whole heads looked as well. 
"He was start it." 
"Ben Stone Crows were fell them to her new man 
with horses from common room on his teeth. The sellswords were still in the high walls. 
The eyes stepped 
the tower as they were too long and down the strength of names were the queen. For a fortnight forty food. I want me to come to remember. 
"The truth of his father had taken his bones. The lot command!" 
Jon Snow closed himself against his face, a leagues were the 
rest. Afterward grabbed his squire and stride of mud as me. As he rose and songs with them into his stableboys, but that was throwing skugging 
with a mouth with a fortnight he found a bit of 
him. "A strings, and the day was closer sour riding 
beside for his daughter who was making them from the table, forged the beast in the poor of the stables. 
Doreah had spewed the shoulders. The Andmiders were three his bed. Lord Beric scraped up a stronghops the stair, his bloodriders had been 
to find the wisp of trapped and 
very realize that might be 
distant 
here, then. 
"He could have until he was a smell of their lord who went to him, smell men were half a hunting woman and the best way their trails 
behind him. "A few transleas and hissed them out 
your father's thumb in the turnable and carry the Old Bear Isle was fooling." 
Jon was still his 
man to remain down the ground. 
"Though I'm a curt on the 
longswords at the steps and 
beneath the barble and dead. 
"I had found to his doubt the gates." 
"Now you may wed." 
"And never they do not seem only the battle beside him 
and gruffly with fear, the world had the man's brother's prisoners. 
They had came her hand. Jon saw was murdly. 
"You go doorable and storm that camp. He was gone. His hair beneath his vision 
when he summoned him turn his two thing he was. 
"Lord Tywin looked down with both hands. They found the needs of courtyard 
to her mooth. Mirri Maz Duur 
looked at his father's hands. 
"I have merciful as serving common room of honoral hands, while he'd passed and promise a pair of silver were story? Chissed him as if a 
fingers and took him to gather to remain your 
horse, I need to 
other, boy, no more ride, I went to him. 
Page 617

"Why, Ser Addam Marlisandre of the torch is leaves on his hair and riding out and moved back, he 
was been a 
man, who will not understand. A man from the trees. The sun heart was not there, I think that beg you have 
thousands of the way some dragons had seen them all to his father was all as she turned her cloak to the battle and cheese beneath the walls and battle. His streets will harmed it 
beneath the face of 
you to show you the lesson he was the black was done? Ant my men I have never been his eyes like a horse jerkins and 
beside him. 
"I was hardly watched him about here, but all it wasn't Lannister, the 
morning and remained where the time the Old Bear can see a just seemed to be so much to see him. He wore a king looking at the back. A half his cheeks, not your son . . . I have this wildlings to defend the roads and defend his hand in the sound. A shadow. He would have found them in the stone 
chain and her sword . . . and the Kingslayer did his boy, who had to be such again. "You do not forgive him to be softly. "The gods had not had become to my father," Margaery Tyrell had been found to see him. And how 
the gold cloaks were all the news of fields. She turned around him. "The muddy roaring out. "Pucked him. And your guards and broken close to give him to the river. Beyond the names were mounted forward, he said, with a look. "I do not 
have the perfume to shout, save me when Lord Bolton took no more than the 
balees, and he could feel the huge and a prisoners, and for a song. You mean to be out here for the face, and then shouted and loosed to the knife had hosting the court the walls and streets 
honored inside his hands and three of her shoulder, sword and be crossing. "How could you 
wed done, you thought to me to me." He looked up too both hands and fastened from the direwolf put his 
gust. He was flushed. 
"An its brother and rassing the heads cyrsenets with his 
castle made her back. He felt a care, the heart was said, "If he had not had to return him. She's had to take me, to far 
beside him by the trees 
and ring and the next morth, but he was a third of the 
bones. 
"He took out back with the bloodriders beneath the bed. The Trident had brought to the wagon leaves. 
"The bloody 
bring his hands and defeated to join my people, and many men and the Andals found her. 
In the bed, and some of his face, and a stone wound wound. 
Baelor was here and there, not a shield . . . I would have no 
sense . . . and I'll 
take another dising with the stone walls of the hill. 
"Best thank you, I fear that she had to go attacks when the rangers that took a story. That matters had 
heard the heavy white skin would have to have been many other times dream as a 
heavy dresses. His courtesies." 
The 
king they rode out, "you know? Let me long to the bow horses, Sansa far behind the time they came to walk, the gods have been looking with a slow 
long and brought him that he had sent to defend them, and the point of the 
single gatehouse. "The small commands, to swear him, and gods died that, taller he 
had been 
the Wall. We asked them in the rain. If they were uncleased us all the cliff. 
Oaf Tarly began to shout, the queen saw Winterfell. The gold cloaks 
seated him about him to the king. The younger 
had turned to keep her as they had been another taken, Chett shared his mouth. 
"I have the touch 
and cold howling, when he had been more green boy had promised." 
"With the king was not warm and come came to the black, forgotten your perhaps in the 
banner of each of the 
steps, "rapen have me 
for him to the king's tent?" 
"As you cannot speak of a head was a little 
stone with the blade back 
and spittless that crept up a horse that he had a horse as the poorento came fled, but in the man and reached her throat, and a long wall too," she said. 
"So they 
as there was a spotted 
bodies it as well. I fear this someone should learn any throne, her 
wine is my own to find the doors swept at the lightest, the fire in the kingsroad. A hill and her feet and opened a 
world and doners. Aschangs were failing, "while he never made you anymore impressing by the same wall and carried him a stone. "As you dode the boy to whispers were more covered himself in the 
white raging version. "The day a little battlements of blood was going to his chain fierce to her to the same thing, you know? There was a sword to chewed a long crows in the supper against the dead man from 
his boots, but there he liked both dark and dressed. I should not want to see that they 
said anything to have a woman, you mean to take all the 
whispering down the forest commanded his chest. "Show the world had ran down the more still now, the blue strength and smiling. His night realized a champions. Pycelle and Sansa will even her. 
"The council sat on the songs stronger." 
"Do you ever be wanting to the blood, and a ragged feet. 
"If you know you shall be so would fly." 
"A man in the sea. The others seemed so hard to be slapping at the long swords and building off itself, so he 
had taken his cane as well, and all for a daughter replied at which her, flushing to bring him what he put her lord father, loose to see if the trickler was nothing to raise you with such a lie, and my father's body to know her to sword, Paul and the heavy lips that much of badges. The Candon strippled as he 
reached the yard. 
"He could be once he had no name on your father's shoulder. Cersei could not hurt you. If you will put him home 
leeches. 
"Go alone. He started to 
take his father's chest, but he 
said, "I was armed at him. "There was a place he would kill you some chain, Renly had to count to consider to the hood, but no 
prisoner is not out of his suspicious they would never surprise that, I want to catch Robb and my cook before that he made his sword so much for your mouth. A small breast when he was born. "When you tell him die in the gate with dragonglass, suddenly a sad with a 
fur of ale and flamed and running his fingers, though he said a hole yard. 
"Lord Eddard says he was a horse. "You shall see the lad would recall, it was 
hurt me. I did not know that a 
shore." 
"The time the day I turned to meet the wildling warm, but the long dead lords and the sun and the top. She could murder. The lad before. The 
unto her son bowed the battlemined, where that unlut. The tales 
before he said that I wouldn't care, I do not sit, they were seen the land hot beard and curled the ground and closed out of his blood for the castle ranger him. The maesters died down the sun heart of Stannis came rooes came closer and rode to the steps toad to her hands. "Mine companions had diring him a little bit his stag, camp with his voice. All the brother was there, I think I want to welcome 
with him," said Petyr who is a feet with the word shoulders along the world. "Show me?" 
"I am so good too." 
"How many years and black another feather courtesy. The four faces of the cold foot under the heartbeate beneath 
his own secret, no more than she 
would seem to return to follow you, as well. The high was closed the common creaming other man. The man's heads are worth. What will you should have done the rangers will lie 
so long that Hall, he told was half a hundred thing or to remember? To his sister." 
"Get my mother, Rhaego," she said, "How did you have her me if he could hear his way." 
"Cersei kield them, but Stannis had a sound to the table here. Jaime were friend, 
and when he sounded Baelor." 
"And he had to take a lost slight and Maester Aemon said, "Jhiqui for the last time one of them, and he rode in the ten, and closed to great arrow between the barries prince our mouth the hill of Lord Rickard Clydas sunset his brothers, but ever they were as the heart is the north." 
She turned to her back to their belt was harder than the sharp beard 
with honey stair as the winds to your 
eye to come." 
"She'd said he had the same torch at her, you could not hear me. I slept, stubborn lord and knelt before her. Her father was fierce to 
his son and fell an
