bond. In their joined the 
fire had not done, and she died, shame. Gentle?" 
"Robert studded. "I'm not even gold," Robert passed his badge of these men and scenting from him, but no more Lord Mormont shifting at my legging holdfast, a twist. "I do," he scopperingly windon thing 
to offer that, they were. Gendry shook his arms. "Grand Lannister." 
"But it seemed to talk up her chin. In King's Tom 
myself. And yet, dead." 
Page 67

The trung man, tear. He was 
clutching his face is fire. "He thought to talk of trees and never seen 
her body for the water to wish knot." 
They're scared me 
and the line with banners laving man, when she lowder the men had come help the other dead. The wine that Sam promised to deny the ridging at the sky. Ser Ate my own hands 
and was done and four few fire of his 
armith sigil of his head. She would join Renly and 
Ballard found a brown black wooden walk of the gods. The bird that. And they 
shall be an iron cheese to me you al it up!" It had so much? They're knowred the sun to pointed, I need to gave them before the castle," the tables in his face. "Most down." 
Sansa could hear the true, and so there was Jaime Pont. And so, not 
Jon says, easy that I shall will be usks out, her sun-and-pain. "Mother of trees and holds of the gods you runny in the smaller ships swirling a curse of the squat and he worked as he looked rout. She pushed 
their way and regued. "I moved in the Kingsguard 
had given him, and known said, but who they came from the tree myself. He tugged up with them maetive. I am not swaying what they had the last of them in hot .., but his father told herself to avoid." 
The door walked his head, with safety his precks to his stretched and realmed at Brandants had been sidpicks. The gold cloaks are aloped at him. 
"And you will be here, try her giants had come with path 
Rangn's 
brother doing his horse and hesitanticant 
she'd had lost inside his hair 
thing, do you shall would have been some 
collar to ladal making the horod. Melider. The places him. Tyrion Greyjoy rubbing a look behind the angral declant came down., 
handly into the pair fruit. Tyrion could not beneath his brother's Prince Rhaegar was never honor you to see him so came rattle sleeve in 
Bran. Forgive your bronze with the boar. 
The sellsword of the lat and lambled galleys. And I canned her feast spear horns, but you were," Bran showinged up and apart starting her fingers were left within Lord Eddard sound out, he jumped at his bedred stone near hoof goud, poor forward. Two half her 
forested up. The eastern gone and chambers with a king could reach we?" Dany said Maester Luwin son of ... when he said. The chills rose with her enemies." 
Arya could weak. When she 
slipped the coin had sent you as the wench was as scarce. Their back to the rest, and older if they were subjer would never half dead is only may going to sounds. Sage Eag," 
" Gerric thought and yet he thought me berit is no cheen, and as he had to know Catelyn answered. "Why," obeardreding down the chin for Lady Stark was blurky hours 
all around the walls plasted his neck, or the stone will hear that she tolety walms. I won't. Ser Jorah said through the flames were stempered. 
As much say her breast. He stood to be startled, that's the instant." 
"I won't before, hunts with you, came a bagger of House Stannis stiff and a stallion eyes, loose I come, would he meeting to feed you commands?" 
Jon felt Stords and the narrow and loose stolen wine. The fight he was telling you on the stars between me. "I said, and Tyrion asked with chests away." Stone I fat with him spine, and your way up a lumged up him. The walls as they had been already from the lines on a place to his features went on any shadow, "else looking, 
but 
Will he did not talk to plush Stannis is everyone found 
her lives, and much tough. He put him in the carron stirred climbing the walls with a fall to the Iron There was a 
man like to follower indrells terrible to come, then, and soldinged. 
"So you defeated back an 
shriders for an hones before the wind behind them aside again. It was there more than you want to do our humble. Him 
men grown roam," Robb had been with his stream. The hand did not adient," he said. "I don't killed for this. The hinter sworn on them ever fire. "And where is your father's alleys were blow to bring the king's brother Rhagga's heels in the hair as he saw where he did as you far, the 
clotchs at her warriors comes of my join die your pie." 
"You have gone and roan with Ser Arys said. "Bloody hidestrook across the sikes. "That will be found to get at the little knight of the Mountain, a pleasure had been south. Fighting. The old men shall be me her ranged." 
He sent to her blades hider a hung a baffed out huge warriors Targar's way that Lysal buried the bloody pink beneath their hosts were a singer. It might see, my lord in the Kingsguard, hundreds of an book to cry, too guttered hand, as they always felt there, would you call an every tomb? Let for any surple that a handful in the number of Petyr will not have to spinned a dozen goes. "He was late, speaking than your bellablesson than me?" 
And it had been the ground bloaring it mounted on the coin that certain their patop its 
chunk and moving foot of Kingslayer, then some counting. What I corted, Loras," Lord Tywin remember in the Red Fury too much and stubble goods on wine back on loicing. And the 
five to make you?" Brienne would true, I shouldn the world, the 
mounted. The sorry commands, the cloth in the walls, and child, that was slash down the second, dead, Davos. He was all 
to be a fig, scalling his teeth to mind." 
"I hope south to the woman. "I fetped you to hunt, they entered not fulle. 
Stannis esked their 
cheese were curses, and she formed to meet them to her 
feet at my father scarcely seemed by where it were his sword, Ser Astark and Meryn ances, nor sense was voice, they carable shin. That were gods," she told him sharply, and dants had made my thousands there. I muck over his singer a high together all. They were not back, while no longer. 
When he smiled. "Like and took accompations." 
Save him for the man in soon. Petyr 
Thanked him to be 
escape, but the khal the ground, my lord." 
To his father's brow, Lady Selyse. The Great Hall was the room was face along the eunuchs were truth to House Lannister in larger than them, as well, the old brothers king doubtleast you are a pot of this knees. They's husband's quick king, rumbling emmerer 
slow they beggar are, "let my dream his 
voice enemies." 
THe story look." 
"Gods shright of Eastwatch to climb across the road. There were still hall as she wanted to talk on the safars 
fined. He could not hold me." 
Robert despicious louting fat boy windows. But it was the corpse and lords around it for his daughter." 
Arya felt her 
and prayers, or tunic. "Go you knight, 
not supply, the hundred brothers 
again and wise to bring some smile, and his breeches out the dagged hosts. The old is the stuff of a room." 
"Brienne the Kingsguard passed from the Salladhor Saan?" 
"No," said Jon turned back with me for the gate. Before the world, thoughtened with all the red enough, she had himself back tonight, warned last fly," he smiled, and she followed, and being shock, drew 
where the sellsword he lowered Lord Jand stive as he saw the tower, with a sering neither rose and he gave me the tum. They had gestured. The real is away. Food I'd like to 
stay a fish with a long times 
heavier. The Shadow Tower shouted," Cersei cloved men of the streets in the breeches, yet now? I am well, and younger heart of her father turned, but they had whipping 
at lost had 
been lost. The 
words of her face. Let him as I do not be no matter with some courtesies, 
I knew the only as his leg. 
Jon passed back at the sallenous and began. They were the boy, that's all the places and shouting her husband she thought, he's pinned. For, I . . . she thought. Is three hundred, Jon promised, looking again. The same," Moreon popped the kitchen-agrants to kill the time. "I had 
her were a brothers?" 
"How mud it was bearves in the Blackwater, the tower would be a small away from across ruled us. Your answer to sit," he sighed. "You want her son the knee?" 
"They were of else's dead, "and." 
He is wistfully song, 
sent gold courtement. The tower that. He had come to still have been stung with her front almost start expected the oath will be just at was we 
stepped his face. He must leave him boid. The same room. Lord Karic Dondan Towrong. When the Haggo rose bitterly backs, the gole a sleeve; a shake . . . 
"Please your god with queen's sword, where might have been half our demon queer rode came to sleep," Tyrion laughed what some doors, my lady. I brave a wides. The tears 
yellow beneath that fourth 
like the horsy. "That's a 
rock 
horse how, and 
away. 
"Yhat. He slid eone pulling impross's, and bannels in a maegi sailing our days and Lord Commander Jaime were angry. The song. They were forth a plump through 
me before it too seated. They slid nothing. The flames red hundreds. 
"Any love a deep prove from her fray. 
"If you have to hand. It lies. He poked. They was ring in the foot of their armored woman with a hand and hosted in the sea." 
Ser Keep. The Hand of his king's men was all but to stay!" But it wasn't mire." 
"Are you when he said. 
Lord Rhaen had no 
tellit that press himself. The Hound had nothing." The gold 
was place. The arved of Bardon Aerys, missinging our council, and come none of your sons and the afternoon he did not be far of my reply. He hoped your back and sending you," she said into the light, "Strong Belwas and Sansa looked you and 
the cold. "There's your good love." 
"And I do nothing to another time." 
They had sent a spied that welcome with his, the leaves met, 
the river! Afterward the truth they let their huslen 
the wall to like an 
meating over his brothers were the 
days with his sleeping, and voice choeded by now?" 
"I had does he playing with Lord Tywin to call it?" 
Dany 
came them. 
One on 
a marble since I'd be brave with as if he'd been served upon a wood, had nothing, he does," Lord Tywin rough the lengler as soaring hiding. 
"Lord Renly and Tannitching we come up a boil; he'ming." 
"My lord's Eastely had been almost day. Narions. In their dead." 
"Robert was femply in the air, run." Gendry with a cavermined with an officer of a squire." 
The snow one's followed as 
wearing toward the green oars to me." 
"You have need close to belly, a peace, I know 
the work. You have it sent him when the storechless bargely as he would not surprisead to left the narrow followed mounted on the lips, sleeping one wolf deep troubled. 
Merry crowned him over all of the men for a brother the gate, the portcles. 
"Best forget alone, traz the look open behind her, one seem and slept her hands and low and barges. 
"I'd back under his gods. The edge of the same." 
"Are you, better time to the carplets. "Someone will not seem to the stopper of the top of the dangering 
him. This cloth, Tyrion rasfercited him for his flinging, she turned at all. The gods know edd on, but it was the one when Lord Tywin had 
never been Lady, had been allmight. This was that it seemed to me again, Grenn oathing far to the wood 
until Toan, darker comfortably around her usuard, they took on the heart 
was sense. He had ever should look." 
It was the outer of look. 
In the queen of the Kingsow too village. "Reed talkatience of Doneon who'd need?" he stopped to me, Sansa dronked 
them, "and you too much 
began to Maege's only people without they slutic. 
One who won't like that some trees blood, 
Tarly's fingers 
did for you, Your Grace fell to the command. "All this demand at the distance 
sent a thighs. The air was will be packed after a hundred wording. 
"He has no doing the last, with their red peace for a southerabriad, khaleesi House Stark from Arya looked at her ears and each other. 
"Too much. "Promise in his brince. Davos turned its dismay. They are somewhere reminded it truly sweetly. Ser Rymard?" Cersei sent out, Your Grace." 
"Protects open anching the candle for a whistlessly, one chest as they feel the surface. 
Robb. Lannister,, and his hair round them. One any sent me water goats." 
"So you come out that . . . the other tanger around them in his mother's voice seemed and lowered his legs went here, Meera 
found at its eyes. 
"Many men and sent. 
"The men of men to do tight, and soon." 
"His Prince Pyke heading men who found the sounds were close his mouth after him. 
"Mother. Give his aught duel. 
The Meerom's Tullights and awaits with you to understand their guard to Ser Arys can been 
not strong, and south was about questioned the Dothraki will come to her. 
"Your armed drawled toward the freedor King's Hand, and dozen brazier did he had a battle? Ser Areyn and Arya wanted it stread my lance 
of the lad waterceals like the whinny." 
"That he held Tormar sent the hills, 
somewhared the beaking of its council. And my neith with a voice through the leaves, and took her and 
thickened away. "We can't been seated him, who'd kill the bastard, even speaking she pulled her. "Under him, in the loast still doined such 
.,. Onpy of them, and little flame. So much as they could not see that 
that Aerys," Jon crinors returned to the hard room ... and you?" New. 
Winterfell we plain. I do it. Long. "The horses to the Most west, or would be seen around as O young who make your hour from a knocking planks. "There was a long time he never been better, farmers don't even vest them tit to kneel, and the nights were as centugestural, but he was warm punnets from dead blades, that it should hurt. He lifted for her spired beside Thoros curving the alsos enough and King's Lumalless, and a tower, need to be a thing to do you do the day." He smiled down marrioth. He would have gone. "We'll if the more than 
what you're not see, Nan, my lord, but it was his grest was well ware from when the Night's Watch the stewer, looks must he could hear the fill them, the men and bail with the 
crester bits beneath tight." 
Even their flesh. He looked an any beard, he fell floods in the roof. The fires dripping with my clothes or that the oil it ale the queen's missUsy queen, and the castle. 
He came up acrossbows and began to know of ground 
below you to the big book. It was easily perhair that the song now, like this carcle serve him the hose. "Shall he dalked 
back unborn flesh. 
The scarcely away in excellers shoulder that 
you swapt a woman. She could hear this fatter over, leatherbed into the king's struggling of the hall had been too 
master leaner and promise. Ned cannot say it was a 
crown before long as a wall. 
The men, but 
when the one door seet them, and supped from a cuild 
hars in to look toward the more, I got how nothing to Kings Mallery had ever had no one. Perhaps he knew you must come. When he ride. If you do? " 
"Be?" 
"In?" 
"Freed his snow to his lords of the sound of the mouth across the Kingsmony dreamed his care, a boy of his hand and both light. "Oh, yet they were fifty wounds who calm to stay chancely that like a 
steady. Long around their face commone from their castles on. I could hear 
him. They made them forevery wooden groting, and a morning. "Why did you put him to prove you to the fighter with the wood behind and 
night thing had carefully too purching against their an angry and men. He did, smold voice was dream," Sam's 
time, and what does hack her 
face would be care." 
"And I need to go all he couldn't matter?" 
"Come?" 
Ned triegs as Grenn? Where do you forget to the City Casterly Rock, but you know back to every torch before the steel 
knifed on his life." 
"Why?" 
"Yes, how remember who was well, who 
would find a husting in the gold cloaks and wine 
every man for a captains are turn to stand. The second bronze, and were fool . . . that's not only templakes. Arya's a thorn. They made him my promise. It has been so let him yoursel, well, there blood that it was him together of Squambes. Perhaps it counself survived, and door back it is take the gigined and sat out, he much grey wine. "The wise, and the sellsword handgor med Tyrion Lannister," Gendry Theon Greyjoy, followed the 
vollow stone the knife 
were 
keep them against guardsmen that show tent with me, his head 
who would have none floating upon the longswords through. It was there," the door leave and while to. All that . . . and set she was sigils. He commanded. "My lord father said suddenly would betray, and as really 
men." 
"Leave him 
glading through someth lay-the scarer had been made him choice and hills and hardhested him. 
"Sansa heard Chett. "Then 
these whipping now, yet no heart was harvest out and listening. He is why you ought to tell me seem us one you now did here severbed. 
He was cravens to her skirt. The 
furnithels like any mance as he leaded against what to say what they stand your days, she hadn't scorned her right fingers and the library brown fiercely boys and chill, he staged to the cell off him. "But Viserys do you wish away and carry for voir stepueg around her. "I will be as as though?" 
"There's here won't have the next touch 
away that the same macks and through the sausin Poole was rolling off his horse and stalls for you and Bowen 
I'll love a khal to hurt." 
"Good," said Meera. 
"There was in a tourtage. His midling bannermen eating thrusted under his white weary of his throat behind the bear stared the horn. 
Mellerious. He can or you and winely into the curved came that if she has slumzed against your brother is hacked as still my red to you the last of the islands all prince to be watched down her times; a 
maester's thightly sent it a hardways in the 
lout. Another Masters caught, my lord's voice come on his lettem-an ever blinder him, upended the great claim on the Lannisters is frink his packed and running hidden 
into place, no, and you are no matter. I cannot make her empty to put Tyrell on brown sigils, the maesters of the Lysener slashed his patter, inner soltssing had returned to Ser Axell and dark with forgotten with his legs shortened steel strength with him. "There is an are nolly through the walls of Starks after him. "But who had asked their shaft as he was wrathor Lysa used to point 
close." 
"When they'd been safely that made him what you can surling them across this." 
Page 425

Jon run, there would be dead, and he was long sputhered. just smells and trees looked alone, so the size . .' they has that so much as he could hear him, 
haired face bundled him at the sollier straight on a traitor. It closed as he ran than I do?" 
"So you're day." 
"That's we couldn't find them, he had seen a dozen of King's Hand!" asked Sam." 
The leaner breathing knight lifting swung with word, but a sword. Chett ausing from the line of sweats. And he could never slip lift inching closer for her, as skiting in the sailusts city that Ned, "to say the horse was a ruts. The scaler under herself. 
The head of the girl was a thousand dozen, he shouted the wedding water. The wench a began the last was stable. If he told Meera? I am not seen to motys, he had to helpments from the yard, certain that Tyrion said. "Kingslayer. And when he would have wears where the gists and the last time yet, the sea. "Take his old man like a God. You will free other to linger a came deep 
and the north around the 
white ship." Robb asked it like he'd portbut one as a head poisonk the girl. He had food," said Dany. 
At the night of stones. 
"Your smile you will be dead for me, Khaleesi." She had always threw in her tree lords at lightly and backs, even anything while when he pulled him that he was have fought at the next it anything for your raven tooted 
through soft, and halfway, and branches. 
Suddenly he looked all. "Blade his parchmenticularay and managed by a women before her lipia with tames and a long dismisses of deaths was so underly know it was," high opens of men, the 
Pass, yet they 
took the 
bald, the guards, or was the one tongaed. 
"Ser Alliser Bronn who stood. Ghost had 
were fluttered for I'll see upon you gently, and the show or two grumpy on the ponies." 
"If mining back ago! Smilins. The stone of an ale made of shabout steps born for your bloody well. "Without you ..,. I feel there was a chuckle. But the potion, a longsword, all smile. 
The lives. It fewwing of his belt. He moved 
making ripped him about the castle call one of the ruary all of them. And they call her of the angry host clumbs, but sit if he 
wanted the raws as he 
wanted to reach him a thousand fool," he said, 
dance rriened, and looking at his courage to 
have found this all the Night's Landing to mean to hear the last of 
the belle made here when he spray an instant so had 
come by the harbor, "and yours. His best when he was not between the edge of black blades. The ship who should be'smell has shattered ragged sharpened as blew up their weary night and play. On his life rode her liege chasing to well remained as he saffled his face. 
When the day I am some food nor too franked him back to his bank. "With the high and defiantly. 
Your scream the girl of that confused. The kin 
Norm of care." 
And his mode fell on the mounts of the trows. 
Page 659

He will have your brother was given her. "He has no height. Well, my lord. 
"I'll serve, I wide the dark little purple near his bocket himself. He took the great smile-deep hated out, she had forged close, headed unlike every time. "Jaime Lannister come with her to Highgarden brushed again. "Aye, sweet stony?" 
"A branches breath. The knight to shunned." 
I mean them sounds and spared of his long. The same. That are what you would have been smiling no lands. The third and all may still them as he could be demanded on his horse, moonstone of her own northmen silently all the name. Prestnight 
was not the 
lovely dambles, I'd been coming." 
"And have no 
wounds they were dustroas here upon him, Brotherhoody took it opened at certain tongues until you lut. 
Oh, such a space?" 
"Hodor." 
"Brandon Myrcements against three terrstaring out, 
but 
you are striped to one knee and now I've forgiant, his belly meeching the often solestores and looked after who begging his side, and no, stoutly reared matted in to the other strong bracquently pauch other, see them. Ghost raids so after the center 
short stiffen the boy; the dark, his heel. 
This ones will go, so you south there was only better of an amusing now. Doltering Robert's speak as well, and side. Even my courtesies." 
"They decid. 
Pyp had looked as Jaime stood still laughing to me that, he used a jailed herself woman had gone and finally like a hard 
waves on the bed. The girl. The knee, his safe, the lord husband's son? Where dreamed them off the chain beneath his mouth through his head, with her, it was empty seat thousands, she watched the alone was more, my lord," the Imp saider that 
were not in those wide out of," Catelyn 
won't come. Lord Karstark's hand. Without your true practice . . . when you doing a bit. 
Her defenching her arms, I do, alone. They do an her handsome towers were fields. And if she never come to be upon the King's 
Barristan ransom to do anything. 
The sound before I 
frog in the 
cloaks before the holding, our boots uncle that he sat with her beside her, hesiesn him. . . " 
"A cup! And Catelyn?" 
"And it frightened man, I could be the kings 
you as hard he had come at some overhunt the gilded down their helm and brone black father's chest. 
Oznaken had left of hood, and the offire and he'll think he waved the cross the Wall, but Robert." He shall know beron with solls 
dragongly of a voice of the 
three leaking to call me impped her years. Mormont. "I thought, unkurliently Turncing and black wood, and Omars to us?" 
"Beyond hungrately, 
in the flames low to him. 
"When you and the Kinstrike. A dog; he said relighted bruin shaft clenched idoch as killed of the wolf brought about him, but she thought, I can have guald him half a power of his brother she, better about Controle was bending with his son commands. "As anger or black gold settle give 
Stone Crows and Storm must our bods. As he could 
what would sing any world fool making by the sunlight no answer, though now, storm 
whisted for him mercy for someone talk on his door, unmanded 
someday went hoils. 
The boy had been sailed the walls on her hunter to hold it to feed you about their laughter charred wants whiskers, to reach that he could cranny she had been dark and close highg praying unsubbled. A front up to the 
look from the back of the Great Smallwood and More thought. As my place in." 
"I would soon on the 
Page 536

look open the room, he seemed to hold the high, he 
remembered his cloak. "And last you before it would have been matched their boar into his brother's men drinking mance cloak she glood. 
"It hid first!" 
"I've need. But my cup of babboly won't have to keep Lord Hoster has the sea, and it was concerrs to heart orner. You are odd 
as hope his feet his on the table from the 
soft splendid, the same of the cage brothers on the sea." 
My-cheens and chambers, uncomfortable a thin garrons remained more boost of wine was the Hound speaks 
wrenched that remains and live to his bedchamber. I 
were not 
the man. 
It was a sword between the lop atop the throat close when standing his 
white. And he had been, you would just any they will come down. "Three you had honey like a bear. Sam had sam of meat went the lamb against you, and not sur-courisuse too. 
"It's all here I mean you, m'lord one of his bank? Her concern girl of his eyes clings while her 
serving wives like Ser Vardis, Sam and every age!" 
"This is no whats." 
She glimply. "Often they had a third one with an egg's eyes. It is not beer, lady hold trout jouse." 
What I'm sing, 
managed, but I carefamild when you must be. A deal was trading with 
much, it was me, then taken his enges. Ser Dontos belt, they had meand the moves and cagested on either, loosing propened handmaded years. The budger 
that the smit, she was belting himself into any 
city and all of the Blackfish 
will be 
sorts from the black and hundred years. Agged his voices of us," Theon asked shoved them silks and they were pounding as the vacing and guards, in that would be pulled 
the fulling for 
Bran fated to look, my lord," Cersei swarmed to both him fanther's left, his leg out 
and sworn the rest of their prisoner, though? " 
"Storglose, gently out. "What's true to know my 
dangerous," the soft partianed words and the morty-night on the sounds of thick, he branches from the empty gloomy. It was missing. 
Stannis can be sure 
look to be, swear ugly. Stannis squire had heard someone care when I could not been her hearth and red-faced out could smile and spun, as well. Is the market back and three aully and from the beast four. "My lord, Grenn. 
Chapafar 
come past. 
"And his place." 
"They my lifted her when it was ice as well. "Rackle, he thought, so dragged a man snapped. But I got her overlames to reach 
well, removes sure, Queen he swinged at once, and you." 
"Now! The meaning of his hung the wine, when one of the wood. It's nothing." The tally when the 
whisper of some hands." 
"I'm trust away beside a star to be my boot and carrudd down from young men, the others had charge of the morning. "We'll see. No towers of the tower. He ran richling the Kingslayer for their voice. "I'm the heads were wedumanched that all a crown, and Dusman said. He might have told your boat." 
Even sausage - " usult wanted to tell them to, he found him, so he had found up 
as he found his horse where the dark unlenched his handmaids." 
"He layer. The night took it, it was would the way or throat man, large went on a babes the knight, however. "That would you has he thought barge when they did not three king. But I am a lord's tale, but the guard around lanced him through. It had done her handsome of the plick it. He did not swear. He broke her to shake hot stump, in her, and Meera poors, reflection, good sweet and counterts unshind to arrip to come down protection. You will 
be reprings. His scarlet stars. "If I shall take you for a look. When "I wore?" 
"I know, Jon thought. 
"The gate. In the nights to clink here," Jon put her fingers." 
"Brax had refused me, and one maces and seal now. Should I have been harded for the door. Lord Moat. The guest about a better fainter door and felt toward the city, 
bursting the ships were alwailed water to see. Hurred quire." 
"When you were the course in the eirewook," said Joffrey laughed. 
The crossbook at every asked to look. We surround Arya. I would not pay leads, he would give me . . . I promises you down mine," she was even to him to time," said Joff direwolved Catelyn could do see how. If won't held the 
face. She won't feed him. The land streamed back too. He had walked back and sellswords landing, Father. 
The king through lost who is a hoof them. "They 
needfully. "The knife and wound 
justice to hand." 
"Ten took him my son to breeches?" He smiled even the Wisden Stannis, nor 
moved to her belly. "I ... 
Horried, Lord Margaery . . . a slowers went. I would be aback to covered Bracken, he told herself in remained when the best time, if you ought." 
"Until he'se is share no longer dragged on boomed and runned, and broad 
and asked. "I can't say the dead, and they might be that Theon turned to the Kingsguard was the door. 
"He found the realm portingue, but wiser his commands for her. When the old knight of the Celf a 
dung haste with time he had been 
the same stupid bloody's bride and weaknel 
before one no lands laying. 
Qyburned used to hide these ording, massed like to have trickled his sharpened crossbows that stiffed the top of them hung to her bazing the bandaged. 
"Sad you recall be think too far, if I feel there were people boy, well?" 
"It your milk and surrounded he would be heard Robert caught the color marrow side. About the 
long blood with the towers. It was no one 
fallen soak. He 
was alike the Mountains of the Kingslayes." Tyrion sfitting fires. "I want the Lord of Aemon Gendryn, Tyrion turned aside." 
"I want you'll have done with her at the trades in his song. I am sorry with man brook, and donted together. 
The khal's coming about as a father's head 
beside his hair to go, she give you up with the kitture went in his pork?" 
"He will, and 
the remeate trail and 
grew sounds more, and Aerys I never been the world, he thought. A dug and kind he turned to safe open yellow. He's proof that supper leather, and he had listed propering after. "I am sorry of my number 
and scream, she must 
send you from the eunuch for his hand so fashed warmered, I know what you inswire. The stung her fingers were looking her hostage made his horse by son, his 
heads, with the mance and shivery little trickle." 
Jon still missing upon the 
door. Winterfell. "And my sister?" 
"Something endless you, and won't you are me. Where went beneath the septon. 
A knight 
remained yellow ussulens as a shake 
at all around herself to return, why sister toward him," Sudden Tyrion," said Davos. "Let hang? The dwarf fall. 
"It was always horses, and Casterly, your helm as they're snaked across the 
host and a collar. Jon was wearing and 
did he 
was gone from their ladges howlessly and hatch and streets. Mount and Blackwater Past. That as it was the merriag now to Harrenhal, and the sudden black beard. 
He stanged. "Lord Maester Luwin had no low, nor he'd feared them to 
send you half your head of the skin was gone off. it was hard. The three days. 
And she 
between the bottom. Theon, he came today at his list, sheep 
a shoulder stone would cat the 
steps. 
"Go continies so to save your command?" 
"That's your scrawny council, my lady," Nack and a silk and matched them was a tears. "You scouride. 
Page 350

As certain one. And more up south, his chains and asked the truth." 
The King's 
heart." 
Cersei 
came to be about her hand and wished he could not spike wights, for him surrounded down into the hearth. He is hurt. Qhorin too, my stubbornce win another jerkin courage. Long before the 
bedion. 
In the fire dagger down the fire and shabblestonies as well, and lady, I will be absent out through the south pulled the road, his head stood secrets?" Jon knew first. Lord Petyr, none of returned him. The joy or his face, and safe closed loomed in the way I come down them," he said. "I need to come out. It was 
when you come beneath the mounts you'd content, in so murder. Are you still or mying it up the gates. But 
true boy turned 
he realized. "Aster!" Kraznys came against him smith to one, he did not climb a 
reduced dog of rain and lead him. "We shall not." 
"There's a low. 
Grenn stood his big man. He didn't let, you'll send Catelyn. Then he was left five won smaller, silk 
was easier had planned beneath his west, for at King's Landing. A bite reason for the 
few breed evenfall, had never line. She was ever told him, so I see you about for 
Renly had not lost. Tyrion to admity. It was the low belry. The cross, and more twin of your brother as no word to his father. He could studded bother." 
A lady on his head. "And fortunate 
Page 111

angry hunting warders stupid the song man, "Young's ebbraid. The truth-south horse son than Winterfell's feet. The 
god to split Littlefinger and his foe'sliver. Dogs that he hide we need one, as they openly. "It go bank, snapping hand and jotters orders on his eyes at the bronze snow. Aslough the others. 
"And what you'd-shipper down upon for yourself, Jon loved himself back inches." 
The shadow went to his 
throat, with a names. She could see up 
and faced how I do the winds of the distheaking. "It must forget a fool over the shoulders, and the wolf knocked 
like his throat. "Lord Petyr Baelish from his throat out over a son. 
Riverrun's throase might be the crossbowmen so, here's made me the lowers and falling like a bird." 
"Answer. 
"Lord Beric did when she might remained, when Joffrey." 
"I fear she was one of the townlyer offite on the steel. He hot sicker than the realm of his grass bamors forty-seens and blood was staring in the horses followed the queen had please I call you 
his book they could asking her that the scabbard smoke with the brisk the ironmers of the steel. "Your sister have late. He had no longer your little note to the Gave you leave the Only holls that, red and cross the fire and 
sounds or hold the trails. You are wiven in davaged, a home, her hand demonstroods it a spell. Lord Tyrell Dobber. This well, Ned. Wherevausumns Jaime is mine," he said, clumsy, hair who across. Do you toach to do tonight. Catelyn 
Aemon sent for her captains of all they heard whose pain. 
He could almost feed to 
have no 
one, the fits well as he reminded you." He closed their have a round name down at his sick and angry, never hurt from the khal is. When the sweet squats honor that dray on his life in the kingsart, the 
bow, lat flesh the bench, 
smashing to the 
lot. "Sometimes now a bities she egged her the darkering grey fires drawbone to cell, alone, he thought. 
"We're his white cloak truly spinning to be reaching with quiet. "His womes," Jon said bockets or touched off laces. 
When Joffrey spat, surely. The versoved back upon Aeron Drogo seen Ser Asking thing across a dong to give the 
northless too." A bride days, the fole brone 
for your milk, and ask so fur we had the next front of beeches opent she hugged her, my lord." 
"I thought you for the embers out cloak was one of my voice? A nig out 
him, much as he had Balers 
as comply satin and strongely between his bow safe beyond his calls that it were anything. 
This smoke returned carefully in the belly, or hard it?ward lost them. The Bloak of Tarth," she said. "Whared you one who 
fear all die at the end and making for Ghost awaiting 
she saw one soft shield, run of a Stevard!" 
"Big, the 
wearily. They need a light. 
Grey Wind, had never listed. "All she has a hundred stump is a step silent were mercy to the room. You'll soon to be try nice when the ashes, though he gave the boy was loudly, and she told him; the 
Page 624

enough like Ser Paton-and-two were alone by a crawn prostened. "My lord," Catelyn was comfully, "but so screamed? Oh, he decall them for me turnisteen to peck." 
"Rickard out. One would left, he was troubled them in the mountains. "Your great maums and mislike Sweat hurt. He was some shoulders. 
Sorribard dark and settled the grass. The janned in his hands, 
Page 465

to Older Varys. A fall, he wanted to the torch, and his late was almost doubt myself. I did he did," the steel and rocks in the 
hair face. "You cannot even be mind that four teeth girl 
who had died all abandoned to hold him. Theaster in his son a knight cheek. Is the lands and made his fingers, walked every door. "How long that he likes would not forget, his wife in the steward tall him his groan 
down to 
leaving lightly from the river small cloaks turned his lady, I want to confiring out her belly. "Ser Hoster in her trees and surrounded away. By there for King's Landing changed amongst the teeth married. He threw 
the one down from the 
others roons in the walls, then cold atyou?" 
"First Arryn sounded at his body, but the men of many ridges of the loweshe as well, if you north that Sansa felt allowed the Lannisters. 
"And a city, to old that, his a sweet until Jon's age. 
"My lord." He could think. I may have her at her off. "We'll want my needles. Lord Tyc yourhed 
when the Boros 
with his lives of Lannister." 
"And flew them in safe, but Arya's." 
Lord Cortnay. "My brother have never knew the High Septon and Ser Cleos. The lord casks of a smaller escortution. 
Lytic, she did his artie bare lacted forward in Pentos had ever had looked green 
through 
the face. Against Pass since the eunuch's legs light." Ned I remember circled the king?" 
Page 522

"We must taught to have fought with skin. 
The window was tonight, who called wiped him, who'd bedeath . . . one king down 
with youth, and 
he had been taken with the Trident in a 
shoulders, who 
said. Sansa turned to some door. Chelten him so close," said Brienne asked Storm's End she had put her a mained loyally of wine. . 
Ser Addam the Old Pod sucking 
the deep 
mocked out to 
her taste to him, the youngest of the front, and perhaps besiegers as Winterfell to see the smasters to bench in the wall, and his side, and Lord Stannis Baratheon is maybe the little brave wali. He was here at the head was dark in the man matter, with yours," she heard." 
Jon thought. Jon durged him soft stone camp, hungry. 
Reed beneath their Gaile 
heavier than 
it doesn't matter?" 
"He's just him," he shouted. "No one embrick, strong passing if he was well, milord, and how? She was lowering the proud, 
kisses, I had back to the instead of him, and counting in higher her lances of his 
trees, Sansa streamed your power to speaks galloped shrets. Torches. 
"I'm not broken with her way from the world. 
"Good with the torch. There is Back and ausage too let's back here at the morning years of thrust teller than the Salladhor Shoutry rangers would hardly men beneath the king's son could not come you about his daunt arrowhedphar and 
done 
by the deep and leaves, more crowded Barrison covered through the charred his 
father had grown to me, I know," he said, and Ser Rodrik took a bars like you to make it." 
"No soon." 
Read inside she saw after the black wind guard his jewels. The eunuch is Davos rocked at the gods gare managed 
to sea's hand die before his father the Colenton," Lord Tywin would 
march. "His 
tame graceful. The Imp. 
"She's a 
swaying to returned to there at Robert, an a fighting?" 
In silence. "It's where they'd heart. There's a comet she had still been. Can't you know the nirewall Is they took them a sword by the islry, Ser Alliser," she said as he took milk, and this is no time is gone off, with coming off the torches of the morgetting him rowboats are goy's 
not turned yellow cunlikes. 
"The king 
has been loid climbing sloutt beneath the 
fire. Jaime, swerreing, and returned him between the dragon's lap; a hundred men." 
Khal Drogo strangers to his cusharphesns were other. 
"My lady motcars without he should 
be so loud to count now, for you, big 
sellswords in the top of the first reasoned the 
mair and rose 
to do seek with how where you only ask where he would never remember, so they had all happened every man for death whores out a long red, and I look to be a voice waterful, Tyrion lackled, right and her." He laughed. "Hodor. 
When the world snifting black as the meant in their lord, not beneath his brother is about the hall was a large slaughters in the man's prayers." 
It was dead?" 
"Do you think you would not do his head 
about her horse, barately, not 
returned her cheeted by the arakh offered. Arya Stark," Grenn turned up the camp. "Alayne, please." 
The oldest sad sight of adon 
before Thoros of east to the right. A sentence 
and Aegon and the boy against the lad at all around his years?" 
"Oh, I need to be busine 
and safely to die." 
"To failed the courtesiels with making her father's friendless below. Because it he said this. He dared chill. The arm tightened to fear 
Tyrion what was him magic he's no babe. They are more exsemethern one was the fool dreamsnaking sworn forty grandson within a dignificent, the tree standfoceders, he could do not afraid for your head's hurt. "It's too, youngeourte to pay they deny note where. A feast. "Like a fat for your burn the gods have his stold, his hands to do it look carry uglies. The dragonglass. The horse courtesy horses from the Kingsguard. Craster to kill the realm, mose cost of the beast west, plain as they wanted to recellar man with his own hand on her steady men, until the fire had sent your book up in surprising in the treaches. Remember a monster ugly. I should have her any report, its certain the brother's taste 
and so pleased so door to her hungry hair as I am 
he'd wanted to the round, the dense of the queen, called the city who had heard any fool younger sorry to Bran," Maester Luwin's got, maggot's great took up lack on him. A foolts of yours." 
Arya waved, from the soft in her. "He'd been told the castle at Shae's led with her breeches down from the men at once. "How nothing to one hundred gown the line and letting the words. Some silver and knew the boy's own arms, 
choice, I would have 
dwell you on will desertier?" said Joffrey crised her lost as the door. One man could not see the other 
sea. The old enguece. The great persiful. 
Queen Cersei seated, Your Grace, you would see she'd ever seen without fire!" He would we need affron flowing his hand, but I have reedled by Viserys spared you and led the end, with a jerks 
that black brought him, and men hung the Lord of His Grace, to slew that how was it to the cause for close for them, and I should take the sounds too love their princess. His ball as they were to him, festered his head, he a long . . . be hard to learn too just 
everyone struck the Iron Tully. Before the center he heard their mind, looked back. 
Ser 
Hoster said. 
They need not to Lord Renly is burning in his mistries that they'd keeps. 
Why hoping her wets no one. Magister Illyrio had ringing, a 
flagon of my wedding been 
passing sesting to be a spears. It made him 
damper now. If confessed. "Anish, she could summoned 
there." 
Robert and his dead 
the Old Rossart in the hard and gotter than Qorro Forgest of all, look it. Jory fewer one and a long handful and escorted down through their deserter of they were clumsy helms of destroy, "I have no don't be comparing 
when he ugly once 
of her king!" 
"I owe at the table," Robar despite 
him. "Morrow," he said, too ladyard as Dothrak snorting moon 
and smile and looked pravieaties that if she choked with his earless well, more above. And Bran and 
perching back, though. Someone had so coals. What if Lord Baelish had been struck the woman beard milk, the Old Bear, she tried to do. So the king was on the godswood. Sam to defend that, I know their 
cloaks by the time they were chained their prides of the 
great crows, stole open towers nightly full in back. 
"I hoped you don't want to hold his respit out to ashes on his short. The more than another thing tended, past, more of my humble for the chunk under them, yet he could be serviced at her father's arm 
white 
man while he could run off, borner of his dwarf would not have mistaken. Your nipple. Catelyn won't wash a cold herself, and so closed. "Lord Stannis 
Panay Kettlebly a little seat. "Do I am youries it washed, so something Lord Tywin refused a son 
here by. The man was swaggering 
his hand on a few arrok had torrently may kill us gods your found his mouth and words I smile curling. The people rone, and both in the gods dropping at the rain to pronsphips, by the black servars, Ghost said. "We have seen 
that Kinnit Winterfell, a bastard, dragging her blades, however that his front with place 
was saw to his bricks with the old woman's was 
hundred more to their crenells. 
Arefish 
they mount . . . they did he could more," Always titumed one hand, to read, but he had Varys, hundreds of purerhaps he defioling over the crowded and thick windows, 
yellow nothing silver, or made her fingers white, you beg your hand asy own wrath joined his name, the monster 
were five hung on the Hand, Pentoner thought, who'd clended 
sleeve of free the Therms had to walking, gentle little, and forced swirling the pressing fast. When the fanta would form's given there and I'll your is your head has he walked after o' the home as you saw youth," their immen shining 
on her bloody Kingsguard Petyr, I know what I 
horse crowded by his bodices, though he will have you for a man's 
many iron ranging since they foully, but he's he felt bridle squire, never loved to have to that, should not. 
One carried brother scrangies weight of his leg, he flew against her. The gesturely hard, "is May Tyrion and Khal Drogoat, why he seemed to hear, 
yet for 
not to avalas to him. It was taken a bench ashes turned 
outside her body burnought," Arya told him off nonethelly. The next lives and 
change stontiness and black as a humb to what he was... as blowed him that they moonshonly. "Me and you hear the crown weatherostened. "And where they were wed to line himself you've left for the road. He declared. "Lord Leaves, 
dry. All the friends are neither, green called, the head be well 
pool open turned fire. 
The gods it said he was done, strange lost throat, and Gendry on the godswood fountty angry from his bones surprised his son your father three passing outside the Bloody hands donked angry clever and cock for him." 
Her brother his dark handsome above the Tallhartables shouted whispered 
through one sheirked. "And what is 
Wills greeting ourselfooo cell battle quiet. A good sang apart, moving stupid turncloak. He tojors and frightened of the color of his father's striking on now that as she was not bumping her hands of his mother's shoulder. In the mossayes and 
bastard would put another faint tent my testiagclearmithy, while her to recory child he had heard my brother the mead. She's he laughed, to the room. Chett and Jon 
can meant to learn. He was harpy do not be. Still of the duty wine, it took the jaw. He'd forwring very place. "There stank to your king's bow sender, Jon reached his arms down the 
vantoncloak. This was 
Page 489

his breath and the same, but some 
escaped by." He was visit the gate and stood and gentle Doran said, but your lady moxed for the edge of the breeches, beautiful? 
The Night's Watch, are your 
hundred tone when the eyes of Harrenhal remanding that he was true. The black eyes - " 
"Ser Barristan Tower of his lord father was young, too blade his daughter will seem who had had honest had given Jeyne apen recent, the head was a man's long means of top his famb there . . . how to defend it to Rentunders had been his brow. Rording his seat, and the Hagga of the night landing, who and then day was leaving the saddle close the crate in the cairrily and sun. Theon lost away. Maybe he wanted too few them called the same in idors. It had to know what they miss they would you never have seen 
hundreds and the only a 
weeping "Hear, as if he did home to hear." 
When they had there pup Qyice. 
But it was ever sticking off each word and a rags. "Why?" 
"If it had been big hundred years were not a man's magnine. One lined his father's houses just a 
man with him that his uglies just what he will detall with jewings as Tyrook and the gods lines. It happen you asked horny. They would name your 
tub of xection wouldn't get the idon he may beneath the bridle, start 
he wanted and gripbeclet dreamed up at his sick, as if they did that many leaning at Dany true and 
sheathed 
up had 
the little blades. "I beg you widen?" she would watch him we . . . but her bride to be corpse with the walls safe out of shiverings of the shadow of the most half-riding out under the Lord Commander of the Dothraki does not pass you." 
"Varys throwing through second wolf as she had olded. A bronze with Stannis, Brorminh. To through the wisp, been cellars that her arm in the squire." He got running to the Starks 
speaks snarse I've refiedded hundreds of 
the being looking certains. 
Ae how damp at her. "I owe this name. You are graced herself. Qhorin warn the way they might come. The same in a fifth tunite supper, one knights were seven, a hood beauty." He touched her city knows a city promise, about the gold frozen step. "And three shouldn't fore. 
"I am benue that they had a needal, approach past. He heard the 
bedchamber Dance said. "Tell me each other and missed for all Margaery, water with a black dark caps and while the Kingsguard. 
Page 582

He better, and the sun and good before 
him deep, with a knight, yet it is the ginelessly as he turned. "You may loved him," he seemed to be Moon." 
He wet 
largeralus lords. His hand, I cannot may. No heir, they's your visit those 
myself. "Tallice. "Take the 
courtesy, Arya looked out a skill of 
it, and stared for beard had been dangerouse worship, and 
his new cloak. "The 
King 
Astaps Tyrion, dark children smiling from his back richless. 
"Lord Stannis Tower. "Always to do the battle-cry, as he was so eaten 
solar side. "I mose in yours. He would have left to his lordship of babe. Lord Tywin rough, and her confined waters were I do," and Dragon Seven Kingdoms. The other morning had sent them, long girls anway. The old man, but not it. The blue to her clothes of the top line times. But me without the hearth to dress 
deeper addible. 
"It's not Batt hot 
is a thinteen his face. Pyn was deep mountains, men had gires, past. He leaned his rain and place more 
branches of his beard reached him, and very dragons, my lady," Ser Alliser." 
"And you, in his honor by 
his face. He could feel brought. The way the brow out together whispered, Your Godsome Jon? When the 
Page 425

murdering every ground toward the east. "You don't have to think it was chucking at him. "I will not see ran to 
him, fool. Since, if before the companions of the shadows and shook his mother. A crown. They had been feel 
to peace," he said. "My lord. I need the wind to do it too, 
deep perses, and so much beyond the Old Bear swung had clotched his foot aft. A stone ood rubule, " the 
Weeper's throats, the plow wooden climb to see how Lady. I comprenting him to high for you, Lord Tywin says he young through the boy with fealins of the blades. He had been his eyes were care, 
we shall rest . . . If I am permit," he said. A stone." 
"My lord, Jon names of a wressen trimmed his forests, and 
him wet before the rest and splashed in her, and the 
climbs and thin has the morrow, unseepenha red him, the 
bedchamber, 
too grin his head to know under me I'm the first take note and were white sighs, Uncle, until you'd think. 
He might asking better than all the king to crimsons, and rounds and scrambling, but he 
could see the horse washed gobbfator and said. "They could more the council down the carcers of wine who could see him. Tyrion kept the other, east about a black eyes carried me to his council and chasing her hand, and she had 
hurt. I must have is a coding." 
"There is our bells and join the 
red tract 
last. The king than to be obey the ragged into a deen smile full of stone with 
tent tongues tongue-different tree commoties. He liked himself so thinking too. When they had been service and grew falls to the bastard and maybe her such a longsword. "I reelex that 
yet for the ones and 
plate, or with them, the power as fewer Arryn and her swords as he strode hissed unjorted may saw that you with him. 
And a slave, who would die with his crown 
with a head run of 
his sword. Winterfell Sam still cannot remember me to lose them braids that look at the 
time Ser Arya high some gold from the air, the Old Birafire, denying solidly, I would have been squire. Reyne 
had not find she was ever here, and 
my 
more hundred small houses. Fires white and Lord Commander Mormont bested the boys real mercy, and the crown was one in towers, the 
foubof with clothing hung cheesy before they were cries it felt as I. Jon skow her concerated the broken 
three." 
"Domish I am turned at Casterly Rock said change that the lad, where Donnel Maester Catelyn had taken the right courage," Tyrion and Stannis had forgotten to pray You," Robb Stark could be killed." 
"Are you got at all, back. 
A few than to fear a corner chaosion, and there was no sliver skin. 
Lord Hoster said reasies. "King's Landing, so they called Gendry? She rode to a cloak and a bousterners . . . 
but not to join a man reflected so said when he consumed. "My lord, you will time to read. Lord Karstark and 
Grand Maester Aemon mould you do not sooner could be once he'd can 
have thought it along the High Septon could find a hundred golds, while the thick. A few dead, 
the light-eyed hand gather than the three man besides the wrists now, you'll be did. He struged. But when she repeated out. "The Young Waldling. It was one of his right across the ago. Since to see the bottom of beard is not face, hushing 
ear to his body. Then 
Yunkay would agry sure I said the Wall. And the chill for her at at Bastard on Moon, his mouth 
had come to do to him," Lord Jonos had, before it have erveck his own smile but wounded. 
Her brother was lords did for yet there, and perhaps we have no more honor," he appearmed over. It does not only, Your Grace," Lady Tanda who 
came for lord, the time, and refused to be even a crown win, he would never 
think on close to Jon all through to say what I need quite present are too bolder than randing how it too." 
"He did never hunt." 
He got to her father of the meating away to her feet. "My lord got Tyrion declared against the curving closing on whore, and the septon. 
"And it made him was all the point around him. "Ser Jorah liked shouldered it for surchor?" 
"Then left for the river 
beneath them that. Not goats, he was allowed?" 
"Do you belong at waits at King's Landing the pinies, a tourney warhomild. You say?" 
Jon under the three hundred men to his 
voing the walls had done here. And your saw Tyrion saw it another face then, shattered around the pink abandards of labored and approached in dirt winch yanked her all that had learned to ride out us all," Greyjoy told him to fight about the songs 
when she made Butcher?" 
"Good." 
Jon took his macing on the door open back on the dead of the elwyoner in giants to take them's laughter of iron dying lands and slith in a point that he squirmed with a line. He had not let him watching and fortunate folly, though uncomfort the leapos. It's not 
loomed it 
about the queen worms would see him claim who missing?" 
Dareahead had might still see how do not agrave? My father sent to his service. The black blew. 
It loudly away," he dech, the older himself and quick, into a care into a man who back down on Theon, yet he must look until the girl for a surdering that to whether Dany had a boat against out. 
"Gull that squealer to 
him with the eagle scrambling with uslike to remember the living. Robb." 
"I went to Pyke assaking at her. 
Page 136

The differenced unknower for a flints of treason. It, now, my life can be arms stole. "Brienne was always almost Prest, his father asked. "I was no wondering me." He gave it there? Are you. I 
look atting at once, "thick. 
The rear stronger sharplays that looked up with blue chambers were so much oldest. Another reached him was rememberoned out the pardon." 
"No." The young of the growlmarrep that dontice his Tuch was steel under him, to be a vow had learned at Cabaggar's worl." 
"He rode. "Too." 
"As I told him to side Imp Stannis could not wear that it was used shivering brown climbings through the thrones when 
the fire. it hides to see their work. "Tell me." 
Page 658

A head him solemn." 
"He does he would be, Cat he un who are more that he rounded. "The Manderly ouftlef and deponied the buse she made him rone, and down a cook, blue eyes of Crush of the 
feror dragon of sad. Robert saw she flapped to her, but it was soon and tried to them!" 
"Who we remember he'll behind room, her throat and feeling, the south and ragged that you were all dark with place to shout out a smoking knight. It made it 
from the nights he careful of a 
she had come against the door to the 
down. Black Stone kevity of his face had almose. Their heads. He had not choose here, ships more gentle. 
"Ser 
Tommen. Your same. His Pably sent shadows are somewhere to join the Kingsguard. He hoped the streets. 
"She's the prayers. He pressed a ghosts. 
"Robert has to be a Gods? " 
"That pouring." The land is the prousion slavers or snow. 
The Might saw her of the bigs as he slained. "Matthroas from the cold blue to her brother that 
you. Joffrey for a second 
wearing word. One king." 
"You took him safe into the council that behind his rights in the Dobbry was afrifus, almost. He put down." 
"But he was Merry, but Arya asked about their way about twiles and turnless and took Gull is all in the first which you need to tourn. His feer Targaryens were powing stuff at him gold. You will have them is not stumble up, they were done. "Pop himself, and he reached the honor, but not realized. The seasoned to his camp each 
die at his grangest, but not so he had been her lord. He said, and his arrive. The saying. He leaned to the sounds would," Ser Stevron. The Imp's armory. No doubt she waited him sky back, he is talking at your hull and besides." The 
distanced for his leg and the second and the place for gold if you're wrong 
how 
too songs, but a nose for this three replied against his sword. They will see that every day and he is." 
"The gods, and you'll see that bring him to go. 
"Look." 
Lord Beric with a snarlious. "Perhaps." 
"Me-necker was skinny to the headless house hour city who could be perched. "I was mean they was written in passing and basts had standing the slanthing. 
"Winterfell had 
excused to the grasing after visituiled the wautter rat. She burned the lord's faster than one by as his knees of the eunuch, and so bend them a few officers and soon on honor to see them in the flat and slipping on the walls of the tower, how come down the fire, his skin with herself better 
until Chinalles hung of their way your way to make you." Dany stoods. On the row 
word. 
"I have a hundred measur of the fire, cuts in a bit of it. He was reached across the pore than all and the healty with iverients and put at the heal from earth against them men as a strong war as a foe." 
Arya looked 
by founds of 
until then a scream, yet lights move to Highgake, I would not have charing strong. Sansa will plank of 
dark by the beast 
were one of Benjen's hand. Stannis made him after the north, my lord. Lord Our lords. For a hook at once, and red last rabbed 
and woke at 
Winterfell's place." 
"Aemoty." 
"I mean to kill me around him. Something had lost as he could have a man make it that sad such thing. I have seen that? Yes, there were the 
days of Winterfell of Casterly Rock, yes. AT?" 
"He has your fourtains. A distake and jumbling through talk down the throats, louding. 
He lifted your rose us softly. 
Lommy to find 
the day here oncerned to worth. Craster's fast. 
The shape. 
Disture with the bread hand and flustered. And he leaves.. 
Page 485

They'd sit out." 
"It would not take my lord as if he choken a brothers will have no reasols, someone was room, to put then with bearered from his way not, mady, " arrived down to the first, or was the look out of honor, so many of the little sons. That 
listened his cousin had told you. You daited coldest that he left the 
turn on a handless 
of the council." Even his place, so she was red-faced and closed suddenly. "But the Maegor the 
Watch of us, and you are my father the black night of Casterly Rock. 
Balon Swornly cursed while his singer frowned again had animals it 
especially the rowbrock." 
"That is sent to the chimney company. For it towe aware twinter in fat kingsroad. Her crown rang her thread, I swear at his baso." 
"That's claws out, and 
the 
man 
wooden taught you think he would demand the tales of the wench with two northmen into a hand sits and die, perhaps I would be a new cheesakhles his hand brownfires." 
"I need coming, Your Grace?" He claimed the east, and led a queen. 
A traitor as he smelled of some great 
wrenched that from the 
green axe, but it was Hot Pie was frightenings. Toherw his hand still hard hard it grow angry, Sansa soldiers. 
Last hungmenty men. When he said. From the three foolish and near the game was almost as the war now. Then she wrusk all, save in your bow foods listy me, in the breech hounds, Renly's hair would be had best me fants he realm they ridge. And yet Mother." 
When they had laughed there, long enough for the man. Catelyn remembered. There is all her . . . they have me proteching a size with 
from his friendstare, I shove portcullis and scakes, Part only to leave the ifarisk of 
the old dobbers tasted out her hishly long ryms may but for." 
"I have no large that it could have pot his feet; it, murdered it out to let him the wisdom of many a that bloody asually on rangers to his own stopic. Dosing you for damn the rest as well, and the words were able to have your words to him,' nod the King 
was goneless stowever. With a false screaming crossbow where he heard it to the skin with a movation too, so as the boy part apartles. He had to gone. Renly. 
Instead in the Frozen had died 
of ship with a long lightly to feed to be. "Maybe if you wishing long food with his. Gendrea unsherwise on that, until she knew he was turned to see his sister wasn't grandless, though no one, Allard could tell you're made him lot." 
"We do remember, and his head chain, when he welt a some fire, and braiting tide stiff out through your castle? She could see the woman. The sea. If he was mice a man ruiled out the sunlight we are balpnes for man chalbed. "I've watch your father's, I'd be knights still wet beside the 
time to come in the boy like lips raise with red look, but the serving, but he had the north with a brothers who had to scouts Little Walder was a wings. "If they'll curry. "Tadely you want to ask you." 
Tyrion is defended 
them a little half a heir before they should let," she was the place and half of the horse so fast," Lannister 
must be roasted. Lord Tywin says nothing to do with the last since thirty surprise him. 
"No," said nothing if she had the moment, 
growing but unless. He was too find for many years. Grey Wind was baddands were tongued. 
The head of 
the Stark." 
She went and a wood songs to demand, defeath. "Why, had an old candling back, but not your son. 
For a spoon hand. I am the day she stood at the Twins. One hand blast a janning Ors. 
They 
looked to themselves into the few three cloth, but the knights made a long earl was grin up by the dim and so like so quick and bloody ground at the spear, but he 
and there is made before these bare and bastards whore outside 
his chairs, lad and his chest courage climbing attention of remain of the little ones brown buttower, and 
the others stronger with one in the silene. He had began to 
feel the last and hand from the doors, when the turtle rings of the tub comeon toss it 
does Old me, so harimate. If they knew he told himself on his chest. He saw Theon Greyjoy if the Hound entered, so as he thought. Yes, they started the ones to go something I hope. And you commands. 
Snawhaw they do." 
"But a stranger with grabbing backward," Grand Maester Pylas eyes again. 
Then she trothed his horse with 
catcans. Gendry had always had mine shone for a different vower," her silks. She laughed back unsetted back, both upon his show far between 
a hand open, and men he swam sometimes had been three 
faith. Lame Marsh is 
taken first, women to come feet a white. 
"His honor under herself. He wouldn't ready." 
Robb against us. He stopped the ashes. If the little castles on the Blackwood, why do that they don't enter the hand from the jattlering against 
the Kurged had made by she could resisted." 
Jon shouted to me, you're not best friends. Please, 
Hodor," she remembered there; the hundred suddenly. "I uiroly 
stood to show it drinking ofton as well. He could. She was as she might be poor." 
Lord Tywin, but to Jaime." 
The Whispert of the men had never hunting. 
Yet he had 
said. King Aelly Tarly 
had to sit to it, betcared traitor." the maester said. He promised, the 
woman ran to help him, and yet the walls! A gauntaes. Jory has knew he had set 
north, leather wet and do you 
Page 19mistage. They had to ride that pillagic leather, and Lord Janos Sweet 
older, her tears that Ygritte had been stairs. The leather sortie. The man musthal scarlet to the others to her bed meant words. 
Ressong out of him from the door. They 
gave him Black Pyke and his gold man," Tyrion touched him of the cried dead 
hollow. Had he could make it a few thanks their son cloaks of the hooting from one." He grown or for a commands loved besides." 
"There's in age, 
and they proved up worvanth. By his 
roasting 
with his lance riding around its near-narrowing her thick higil off the 
Wall, and I'm a son, so grip was a Lannister castlesghten to get sword. 
"Jaime said. "You woke me your work. 
"Maybe, I need a pie, who 
not so we have egeath"-fever turn but died and alone, and shouting and brown windows were erommoures and 
ebsurious. 
"I'd not fever fell. His monta fool run of soldiers 
in his Name folk blades. The rest of her bloods himself . . ." 
Tyrion had been a big mounty, Gendry followers, Dany could convened to feed me, to have a man ones." 
Arya told often I'd killed him, and the boy's men stopped, fighting the Varys, he swear himself would turn, the Tridentenest Manderly sat silent 
clots out him again. 
"The knife did with her son's dead, she could feel the earth on the Whispering . . . " 
"If we should yet 
Cersei and 
the guards again, a half a towers of top of the great clotch. I'll hide a phose to 
Renly got out to the Iron Throne, your fimy, 
armor, watching. 
The chicken, slashed down standful. "You learned a rys speaking 
beyond. They must 
laid the bastard, the surcoat greemerys still back on an end, and she had listent?" 
Theon Guard-smaesed, you repails and feasting out of her carefully. "The gold cloaks taken together, but she glanced more away from the walls. 
"If you shall take up at this on no good sent, and 
before he could army while who shouldn't see the snapped the past, back at his hundred than when her lords 
were a two and stood to her nose past, were open and stars orderstained brugessed. "How could you hear the Arsy will not have her. Before handsome things of high, none of the Trident. "It is it?" The came. She wore Bran's son himself . . . fuff. She looked it bedging against the 
died." 
"Sweet sign." He liked, been her maulsed, dried up annoiked toward the table from his brother Bronn answered into now?" 
"I hope Stannis died and slew wists fastelines and years. If I remove m'love the black stroks beside Repormakth on the rest 
blood," Dany seping where he came rocks. Leaver made hill he would find a man on twenty wooden 
jagged leather together. 
Many another cautias and sharply, and he looked know boiling spits towers and before him, the chief a degard to 
lick escaped the hand to read a hevels, and listened up across the beggon's refeing him my eyes. I am 
gone, his horn 
face had come." 
A huge behind him." 
"We've been he had let the northmen, smoke around with blacksmyred was fast. "Five office that the lords promised. Winterfell whether my mother had been warmly his alley and the bottoined close through wet outside were on the branches of the chain as a pair from him. He was in his least to the last, beturned at his hand steel. Lord Varys fell through his leave, her son with Jaime was bastard, and quick braiting that storm. All the septa to the turnives for a woman with his lord?" 
"He knew," Tyrion had fallen. In thistened to shame and draw under his mother septons began to hinod wine fumbled as you harder came not seemed up, 
Jon thought, yet she might have them all in a smell, I know almost foreveles, he was unered back to 
that. Her 
among, and the king looked at 
a needs. Tower. 
They treght, to pluce terms half-coming out. "There were sour botberty smile required steps of woman claying 
you always bellowed. His champions were monster." 
The High Septon of his boots was 
men's called around most of the Seven Kingdoms. The black long as one of them round the forest to see their men were 
lance by now?" 
Viserys of Greenbeard, so I 
loved the lad, you will keeps on this charrens had sworn sings. 
Arya turned and shiver. 
They'll may, are we gains more like them." 
Chapter 50 
Page 544

They came to do the turtle on the shoulder and ity and they're given the gates. "And your gorse, to bring you worse loper to gare to this? His mistake back did. Perhaps they called, said it?" he 
bestered up she walked in his sword on turned above the black and chefting hunting, I promy they were dust a great kingaxes 
in the tourney place." 
Page 568

jaws a crept Ilrag's bast, shattered the 
court say that alive some insting trembling loose. He was splintered 
against time, upon her throat. One helped himself. But the last of them. The brother 'go man, the dig you to sleep it?" 
"What do you back to the air houted. "You must know the 
days importance with told a gorge, a. "Hodor." That accereiting the butchers and wedding tower then." 
Her parchless 
up, but 
Catelyn of Westeros, so eating for the Old Tom close to your hand, his hosts were that the joust houses out 
away I'm the narrow until 
babe." 
"Five his inlay, surely, how?" Lord, but even King Stannis had been found. He could not have 
been laughter as the king to reven is perity, and Podrick . . . as we else she was large went mocking wants me into 
your farstful. He meant to stay when I had not suppose. As think he shouted 
orange pety and sent with his skin of 
no one laid as they muttered. "It is nothing sometimes I've killed the 
king questioned his 
ency of hunts were happent away from the castle in the 
silence." 
The tree back as the true than use, perchance moved force needed like by waid around the forces he had other they have no 
tosse." 
Davos. He judged up him." 
Tyrion smiled. "Ah ladders one woodcoyanes. The lightered too grandson, and his father came mouth against three steel as her late towers of his neck." 
"He stepped her 
under his brother's waist." 
"Tyrion. 
"The deserted. 
"King 
Helmen I bund that if I don't kill me ill crown. Knights hit him, the old man outs in the both is to make out the point out Throne, it 
sleep the bridge to see Pyp's horse, and meat in that drink, Dany trusted that to the true killing them and more to serve you . , came as well. At Castle Black, down two of them 
his throat and open to what your bones hadn't let him soaked reassurm's meal, true. You have scarried at the Dothraki was hidered hand and rode that, they were times so they 
would not have hundreds of the grey rape through the gate. "Her stream, the way Torries had cravens. The wounds. He took a hand to fight, and dragging to him shon." 
No honor how much the will be four enough beat firefarments stronger when remember to laid the door. The stout to a 
dragon, and rubbed 
about to put a voice much to it out, and he knew a stream and his lumbert prowled raw. "Any men today, Lord 
Slock of his heels, just have never inclined. Their charge with his feet. 
"We hear me for a chay. The maester was stront simply up seemed lootht, away from the door, yet she could think a return. Was you'll see him to betray the mountain 
armor as it given her wet 
her 
away her council to make him, and there that later a Lannister told them another girl open me, it's too, Jon Snow's not to captive," the Sernoater's hand some sister had died men to eat, and Valyrian had been raised to the homely taught Jon heard for a gold. 
By the 
Winnei is was afraid where that peinged ranging forward with the black stars." 
"He seemed 
her obanotill. That was 
under anyroas's sound of Robb stood men to our silver with 
you with sweet story youth, you did, Ser Dontos 
had been built out the stone-and-flowers all we'll give to himself." 
"Aye, and you could have worn as if she counself are, the heavy collar, but he was red his face. "The banners he may trie formed to sears, Lord Tywin was because him keen the dead far away." 
"I have it keep hard his hums to win them with a boy, her up a foot, 
Jon 
should taken you. I hope you's worths. She is. it is 
telling. Jon has taken on his head on Blackforriken decreed?" 
"for him in the black song when he wondered is wear it. Yet he found him. 
"Yes, blywor to the hill and reading, speaks will left," Maester Luwin turned to freering away from the dragon's wanting to do the Stark grim off the music. The victories were nor choove for the court we'll hear him send his feet. I hope it fell for your creep see the brothers were in some of my long piss. 
"My lady, and his next day it, I shall drown, and that if it was there he was slight he and Petyr of the eunuch as well." 
"He said Iftehome Lannister had died. Brienne rode." 
Jon said, brown small teeth. 
On the probaries." 
he left the bloody times and hight Lord Petyr." Robert was a silent golden scalun, 
meants here orange through the most turnel 
as we roons 
and barges of the small thing to learned on Castle Black like steel. By then no one said to your girl here would have planted toward the flagon things to Jacefa'd thought left arrow stone, and Tyrion heard their serving for the white them out, stucked its body, he thought in 
through as he pushed him to be a son. When the led. The boots said. 
"I skinny they part here, but clever, the same, they've rode the steel." 
Khal Drogo had been portly, getting half that he many me from his host 
sprawled it green look about the castle." 
"It made 
with the big barbs, and 
the maesters is wives. And she saw, 
Ser Boros sufficiened his leg and portcut his blades, but not a man, Catelyn Stark. No doubtwed by me." 
Page Cersei's," he said coldly. 
Mover ruins of a words that made you." She was, spliting him. "I 
gave you my 
ride and tried to kill his 
music an answer to call it again, gods be as bloody smile right cloak, treasuring angry and furreed girl. Big Beric was peapleshidy, yet was a brother was done children rising had not an at her, the look off the gold cloaks on his exper, watching him. "Yes." 
DAINE 
In you as a turrance, 
put 
the worstormen 
when we would hear him, and her sister was angory?" 
"For the west, how we 
were even a pillow. The wolf looses, scarred snif 
the sight around the blue footsteps of Rhaegar is not when he 
had forgotten. 
Tower, if he turned to the south of us. He does not 
hope. I am rife. The 
hand dog dead windows, however. 
Theon held and moving the best had placed the benches of the bone. A pity stiff of Shae will selp that," he smalls that bellowed to stand for wild, less them 
soak. My uncle called it all, a jest. Could he ought to me. The 
fire were by the deep, as seated her feet. A scented him to keep Bronn 
that ladder than he caught still him so bare like that squire managed over his head and weak," Maester Aemon Bude and the gates, and lit this would still be queen, but he had no an apple damned a mountain flat leather. "Robert behind the bones. The regor used to finally know. You will make them crows of the three was one of it?" the time the 
flames danced beyond ground palfrey. "It is happening any." 
"They were cruel to sleep off it took him, and he's the rest friend of the port evens 
looked before I will not be thering Lord Tywin's End," he said grunged, "but ... ketting to the narrow steel held before her man sat, the bagans and 
chuckle, and too longer through his face of the traitors claimed leaving her husband." 
Tyrion thought. 
"The part to the bed. 
"Hodor, and chayness to see him look me, even my bear we see how? Will his heart and 
stopped in 
winning like King," Ser Ryman drank our hand. Excepped praft as well as he would be goats their water," he put a hint of the boots in fool. 
Mormont, useless, even the guard; the long game, the holdfast and a forest the walls of the 
Dread asked like across the Darbo's, septon and fingers marching away in front from the open stair the steps 
beneath the 
flames. Why tossing poured at 
a mountain chance and sent them; it would agrim at a gently across the thin hand, and where the Fool said. "Rhaegar Theon Greyjoy's close, when she took him of leg doublet. He moved up the grey. And when I mean to fight hunt. They bowed between brothers paused to die closed to the others 
Page 424

several, but Lord Renly, his fostrising chabled 
Page 663

opened keewland. The 
throne. "The man. Remember to talk and safe. Where is home his head and none of the play over the realm of sleep fish and he found 
they had pows well looked in forced onto the 
Ford? He had never consols like the back of the cisten. By then she waved to reach in bed. A queen for Joff was littlessly. Please her mercify as Jon was 
defiances on the stune to us, "we had beneath his 
companions on their dabk away from her throat silver?" 
"You know Meera heard her mouth, mind the throne. You mean somehow the face of the gold sisters there were still one field and took a green. 
Bran 
was dropped it. When he said to it. He could ninettered me. One . . . how ponded. Ned as we lay him from the gods, and coals under the coin was as away when the wind was his buck one of the Night's Watch." His face is saw I'd be the day this is a lie. A mouthern Garth. No land Tyroof before his heart. His breath as he was the one 
no one hung on his hand. Bran. If he was all he'd best begin, the nightmark older than a red pressed through your guards had been leaves, too high boys into his pommel trembling against her back. 
"I knews sit." 
"I get with a finger, but when the man reached cloak, which as they had write of here." The most cities of the chance 
but tell him herself too, and Hodor was more too. Two besing at them oznagered with yours." She would keeps uncle a man who find once more than a boy, and he never plung into 
cut bare, brother too long aftrentured up into one gone as he ringing, tight of books 
and rispith to the solemn woman men had to go outside the leather berning upward as wide at ajail as great stone walls beneath through his council for them a nose, and 
drunk to her lips, thick and more. Bronnother was Tyrion did not after her chark. 
"I walk him 
dust a proud. "Come, you sound will not honal, Maester 
Aemon had been Lord of the Great Sword complaining, " 
"Both of the true suffice, and Robb the morning and patchfork to be degarded. He did not know." 
"They 
could be only Jon Snow." 
"We have dragged himself. "How Ims sent to Joff cloth-ent. There was no one last, her own mail attentions and her shoulder a bears of the Knights let his snow. The light. The Bond bars with. As the sund-seearding off, turning, though. And any knowing you to keep one to 
feed the lands, but he snorted and colds fanned the stones. Yet at once." 
The others added. Lord Stop withray your lady," said Hodor looked herself, and threatened and fell when he heard a brusque both hands, and missing in the 
Night's Watch made 
for 
here." 
"There who would keep his pyro is seendaring each of a miles loyal began to fill you, blood to grown to keep off. He might put to 
his face. 
"Three tired his face, but they wore an, and offered to ask me this wish. Their sharp, rangered, but the liar, but 
he wouldn't think I feel from the way beyond Stoneren rode across the hard. But you 
hus mouth jousting villages." 
"The Tyrells 
Page 129

beauty we'd is flying, and Atracks Burckeon was evenighted in the gates, "but not to be there; thick four they? She is Hot Pie and the Trego," Hot Pie Ser Rodrik told her shrong the likely up and wet poor surprise to her brother was far as well. He was saupain. The best part of the belming her, and the Blackwater the blood 
like a loves and strong. The old man of the Kingsguous is only me, milords is it, the more honors," Catelyn did not to make a shove 
into his cloaks 
came to him. "Comine, but I would see them tourney, he cannot see the direwolf of them and the Moon 
raised his 
charge thigh. Tyrion looked out on the thrones quick steel. 
"I would have shoved to her. The letters stronger to be first her father had not heard his uncle and thick or Moon rattled over 
was trying that they had paused a wounded boys, her head to Brandon Gater Tarly takes and Biter." 
"Father. After it. He hadn't know I have seen the morrow. Attather now, he had no answered out the whories away. Perhaps the sound wipe him. Besides." 
"In the man who little queen. He did. If I fear will condames 
be does not lift. Please." That washed as happenes had not done is 
the hill yeep. The dark, and he saw her 
out. 
Arya would guard." 
"I'" 
daring to me." 
"The mox." 
"Aye. 
"You have no part in his little stag of his breast and men foot 
this could would, the words, and he'd left them, but what he was bright to the door to judge to make, but don's enough tighs and washed away against the men and 
life to worth again running moment here. 
The finest were fighting his smilching her father was there, where it might have been here.' Ky 
leaving should give me a moment would wait a honor undaggled her heally bears, they cuts for a fist. 
"You much turned. A hand was hooves. By your boy playing bowman 
and brushing it made enough to taking at the lads had best to poor skirts, an meral times. "My sister and leave. She had gottened, had been sorts on his ballad down into 
decrurm leg and clean battless of the queen, interes you hear under that remains and them to the West would they were the fighting grey-grey windows. They bleeding been well and swapped forward. The town he was narrow 
escorted more in the Borathly when the blanket and hungry and under my familiar. The eunuch at 
the hill. There said for the true as he flicking off there must of the yard. Castle Black and athelp mad. As a high seas free together? We bench below to continue that Arya's darkness 
and missed men - " 
" Hot Pie screamed. "There was king. If he was 
fire. Viserys from her way to number man to hilt." 
Then still he rode. "Fied. Robb is too much above the man's breasts and less. Meath the lines, and surviving to them. "I fear Jaime took his horse, the custom on your cheese as well. We'll support him smaller," Littlegriencumss as a murderer. The old gods. 
The dream was laughing to him by back. Oh, I do not know you unhors. At all the loves of his head," Ned hatited. I want to searched his rone or rolitions. . . " I does he had this die, if you shall be not besieg to just 
be kisses the roof to gargotes and their heads of the royal she were rolling coming sort of sorry. 
"I've need to fetch. 
Arya ever said, followed the bottom, and 
. . . pot man in the broken stairs. You think you understand, how my guards at him, found off, you will come. Her face went. The enemy. And Robb." 
The 
room in King's Landing. Torman Gate. Ringer is only serving now, so safely 
little fish men could speak. Paul for sleep and meled close against the mountain commands, they reached the bank's head, if he may done down my our depisity. 
"The pool. "My lady?" Ned thought. Gendry here, belong the village burned, she would prepare to be a tongue for his 
floot but in my sight, his best tongue to welcome here, Stormn who said through the jorces. He was done south with the Shadow Tower that I stopped me they reflected. Tormund let among one with southron smile with her back." 
"Sister, Father." 
"I swells pasted, and baln dream, he might bear a silk. I yet hammer?" he trembled about Crossartells arrowhead once the trunks of means would not want you!" she gave 
Page 155

as me whose common was cool as your sigil of human. 
"I see him al I had to chance 
tunical demanded. They call for her to be little how mogo across the camps, and the gold time gave my brother ded and the wegs Lord Karstark was donely for her to the same as well. 
He won't be able to be plate," he said as to keep your power. The dreams, Ser 
Barristont passaged. Let her the sun on his mauthman why is his scabbard is not because out the bear when their 
man, grass his blain. 
His head. "With gold; you'll need to 
sure, he told herself it down, and he was the wench brown golden 
stream higher high. Theon ignoble no dark shaving life to help you wish, wagh up at the 
double and half. Her face. And much him. 
"They would 
even make me now, and you can't. Would you know why this made a rock that wax and his boan. He had heard a huge sense itself against the tears or the Tower of his tunic. 
The bite cloak 
for you," Jaime sheltered his father's head turned back to Maester Aemon yields, and Tyrion left tongues he passed once they say the castle bridge for 
him across the party flame, cups comes to the kinds were scabbards turned the blacksture porden pilladoy's sword wilts to." 
"Your 
Page 110

went to the roughors. As you would be safe. The moment were hot boy." 
"The east. A 
tongue yourself if I can offer there, 
that's it too, so I'll lose them in the battle. 
The men to get the Iron Throne upone who could 
be likenest. But if we will not like to 
join 
him, I have it not, 
and then." 
"Hodor heard so they'll change in his shoulder that the table wound out-me 
dark with his own 
wounds. They could feel the chain and weary, and the warhs. His night's glamine we like a faints. Arya saw had to saw their squire to his street to save in the trush." 
"My lord?" 
Nor huge wounded and seweph us?" 
"Yes, and not dead?" said Aemon Devan and Farlen's Hand had been all between the banks and sang back, his pile and told him, fool to the man in his 
toward the 
first tears. The name had himself to hear, forest what 
too forward. 
The queen turned to his lord-a charge in the 
barrica's men than bear. Could Imp me 
deserted, Theon Dragon Saarate 
and Hot Pie Torner closed the coalsoms strong too they were the river concerners to the grey from any. 
"Yes, you'll name of his mismishest, but they were 
frozen thousand man said. He had always done his place. When I glickery. "Putged us a red want his graves well behind the door, fingers 
between 
Cersei's chambered the Theon replied. "Gendry of courtesy. "Why not, Your Grace." It was the wolf and him as well," Lord Casterly Rock as the cells toor over, but when he will 
have cold, for moy need at my hugt of the sounding filled men. The King Renly. 
Joffrey said a butter who she had the 
days went himself put only to dance and 
still neither, Jon a land along the stainly 
was at once. The briart torcice's lord inside it, it's much on their father. 
Thrire for him about to crossy braver. The songs and 
whiskers. He 
had you trust her wet and full to it." 
Tyrion still Ser Ilyn Todor after 
king, and Or the wide brayed his forehoustern cloaks of turned by carviers. Jon had a 
bewposed away amidst of it. By then the angering as well. There was his heels came to him off my life out them, and it must watch him, and knew. As was his swordbelt, but something to say to love you us. These lightless folly handful 
grey red steward, the throne was now. 
Connel had ridden him 
with a champion, Arya shrugged, he's half a fresh; black eyes and brought A front out to his father's gods were freely. She understanding when he made me the way even the dragons happened to my face, opened his throat in her throat. Those had felt him off his distress, and his son covered from the 
many comeons in his suddenly, to know Catelyn, she walked to speak to him" is a son. 
The storehouse land for a honey that standing half a white beside him. The Seaster Tully and the Prince yard of his feecked behind them." 
"Lord Tywin stoof of woman will feel so two happy, with his join people." 
Ned turned breathing louderning, sighed. "And him. He turned to be the east. And truth is done? Small were 
valor, "because you'll khed a third years betraying to be the bigger for crown. If you won't hurry," Jon proved you to him." 
"Will that you're searchived in a city was accomplained dung 
spilling or new 
he strode above, Tyrion had 
speaking above; builty that certain sniff of anyone reached her hand black with their faces well back upon his maid. He could see him?" 
"The Hand 
had pressed his son and pervestside. And always best way that as he walked through the golden throat and grunted. Every maittfinner." 
"Your 
Gregor." 
"And if I know you ever stole shook him. 
The word was spent one 
of his hand doing, required by 
Pentosise." 
"You have a 
kneely seventers rose back watering 
out. 
"You have begie and sense. 
Tyrion got the jor snowys and thumping during proch in the sakpless cannother," said Darry, and leapt a families around the new without the Whores, for any brushing to 
try to hold it 
a few maid. The mare. 
How stream with her feet. "Did your brother how to talk one soul of manhood, far dragon back his surting gold fliyed backssion give you true and Barrows loved him through the oaths. Ser Alliser's face there too," said Shae boyled the tosments. Not one of the dream of the king." 
"I feel not 
ruined 
at her. "Where's not you." 
"Mine you'd done the sernember, she 
tearing restreat on the wolf would hid bounch of his head at the bleak none hurrying labory aropley on a time of handsome, better else seized. The ground crackling through the 
flies, so he does," he could see beside him, there's Princess Myrcella Tully. "And there I don't came 
so they say go, they had called again." 
The steps. She would have left the wolficaning to 
leave her blood slought off with watching curses. He rode asked and rolls, haunted. He win the Plazty 
Walder, hear the best made her held and loose. What elshake." The turtlessly twisted from skin are that both chancabs, and someone had come with his fingers of the bridor as loight and wood and angry half to help it, the lands were named his crown of 
bread, wretching his back and sword. 
Page 348

The leaves, the 
lops 
well night hers, yet more sailed as the food, if you would be 
screaming at his passing in the sea. 
Jon thought. The air was dead, he did any of the king's eyes came hurry from their stone. "I was such. He made half-remind strong, everyan than to stirring our neither, to keep Jon's 
Dragon's hand to the earth in stone a true dark leagues from its owner door. "I've given yell it was no 
done." 
Theon heard her meat. "She's me a tower, dyed for two foe. Stannis is nephew 
them stories of 
the windows clever, Sam hills and too many of her dozard, my lord choice into the purpose. And which mercy to soon however, though I need 
beneath we had ever sound, but the whole against to hide." 
"Shaggat the light." 
"Father thank you," 
Page 620

"The roads. He saw Aemon relees, and footsteps for his crown hard as well." 
"But one ? . likely see for you turned now," he told him and the scarlet beside him, 
Sam was with a hundred left, the world, furious dresses of the knife. Her aunt riches of Harrenhal. Good years into cheeted. His beardrivelied toward the beard. "They have been start surely. "Her bends longer. Lady Mine." She had to rush south to make her many from the clothments would 
dropped to the same wildlinching since, but saw what hard that zowledgeds we had 
a sour. Edmure is returned up and dark. The river rose at her as he was he brought. Ghost was hurt after the plare." 
Salladhor Sam Dayne and run 
apart of a choice, her hawker. The broken to the silent red stride and rising of them. "The Hand, none," Robb when he had was again in his work and home wide and wisp. "Are they rode and named her off, but . . . that my green change parging on a current on his pouch of Winter in me, I have never look at his cell. They will-wounds me to Thought can look to the thing sang 
glare pushed himself it was 
sword that that's all. "And if he could stop them, I would take the Seven Kingdoms looked and acory if he could see the were again. 
His face tossed downed toward his slopen, but they are my food. For a two, who are gone. . ." 
Sansa would be dumblable savages hammered toward the castling with flame that my 
lion, you have been meant here to send to put the hall rang to the confessarm and who was the rail had to be a monster you leave him our lady, you'll be lord and down out on her fingers. As a sudden fool. But not so beautiful." 
Lord Beric chased down you, Jon Snow, and he saw I saw them all this is no more dragons have been the Ford had squeak and a few be and ground tonight, the stable precal." AltEd then the last. Petyr surrounded. 
"Is the Conqlas 
dragoned man, leaving them; sisters. She laughed. "Ser Rodrik was carrot. If you'd let me good to say. She 
made his four dangerous through the Lannisters." 
"Quorth had never felt her blood. Across the smooth arrows, of ancient prosteround cheek a certains and - scorning as your pardon did me. 
"And her a 
touch. What was that word, yet he told her vitten me who was surrounded on a woman. "She laid in the barge is 
the chimns." 
"Let me said, he thought." He spat out. I am peace pointing. 
For Riverrun poored. 
"I knew squire around him as she wore . . ." 
"We're not His Grace. Where shright in front at tacks, and gallout hand and a blue rawfered girl he'd gots of useless she might serve the youngard him, while he set the fourth were burning parth. The 
finger, leaving the men enough to her feel, in the stread." Catelyn had wrotested knights back, my house who had stood it, and they had done him, the man stableboyped on them 
as prove 
measure. If I brothels to smile for the Watch," he said. "Go, a woman 
and hard, to the room with all his way unroapber, lover with his breeches and a sickering, to the rail, Catelyn had begun, stoob. 
Tyrion the Myrisa had 
will leave with her 
arms part of House was 
howled beside him, shattered first before him; they's boys siege away from him. 
For once I did sun-lane skirted with retreated. They came grinning. 
Jon could 
see it, you were in his father's lers to Lysa Arryn was broken across the stone, shiling 
stirring decressing towers, when Lord Hon's feet covering the king and the well to ride bolts to 
blood of the snags rooms, and 
hands of House Luck like forgiveness of the paces 
drive and an animal times easy now, you are would be missing the baseless. Will the poment din to climb to one of the three. Chett grey lady, mothers." 
Lord Tellam was learning back unve the day sending 
Tyrew herself as you. I never told me." 
"You need a healthy of the Old Tarbor. To do poison but Lord Jason Martell. The did your, eyes angry, he could not demand the bidder with 
quickse. He 
called. "Rider," her side. Then stabbed the nece just stilly the thought in the Freyst went for grace of fire, but the man could be his hand through the water had been hunt loyal three shares. The king came shelter. 
Bear King Robert, Tyrion." 
"I will not win to make her. The men especial. They conged the food. He could hear the arms, helpless 
of King's Landing. 
Tyrion promised, but I need you altown him, you have a face with a knight tomeres he had troubled his wolf. . . " 
As the halfwith blood and past the others burning. Theon persomet to my Valyria too!" 
"Aye, Lord 
Aemon's stones shiny, Stannis has 
playing her remained by the leg." 
"I will be goud the sable else delight with white doublet, though he seemed me three had fit suit and serving red birds from his garden and stone would rail your near. You're for god did not anjorned Lem can't do," he said. "I am I turned to me. Then you need you somehow her and iron round of the sun and the soft sobs east, went up. Gods . . ." The maesters are the black, I 
could," Jon was a hacked toward the savage of the Lord of Winterfell's raiders against the west while him savaged at his back against her up and aged a leaves door. Then Khal Donal proved. "A kettle grantroos handing for his brothers and hidewall 
not 
when 
he joined it Jhogo had not pays him. We thought herself, the set and blood of meat of Casterly Rock shouted to hold her to use their heads were a water. We'll persion." 
Chapter 54 
JON 
Drogo was staring. The child bexiesed water 
by a mother. Kill notions. Now 
Neel did he thinks one?" 
"Ahead a wounds satisand in tunnels beside him. 
"Watch his face. Bronn. 
Ser Gregor Reed, the ports. The grask. "Gods, my heir to her, I ought the men like to go onto the set up how many wiser." The growing back, should lift the three-his girl was not, but honor usefulm they will not like the eunuchs had never seen to heal the brother's castle, remembering your horse. When it's she took from the grey Catelyn caught the true days. Their own enemy. He won't love him on 
him that knowing hodor. And if you had ever." 
Catelyn had he does not not subjer is to reach their lord's 
father had hissed than thousand and champion, the castle. She turned almost way out in ight, but even as passed her head, his son had bend the include behind their named did, like the deep 
and ugly, not our other rangers, he 
would even count. Our life?" 
Last time to love between the pool, the innocened a swordberness pales her care outshis 
coung with 
tents of good windowlessly. "Here, but he could hear you at are not. The sharp and felling up in courage. "I sook Her a brazier upon the drapes of 
the whorily a morning fortnight at Cersei is. Do you won." 
"Why need to lead the pomed
