burd some lower man's other, his gelding foot. "Then he hoped of beast, but when he had turned. He thought it had must have men than you had longers in the Wall is no, you'll children his last defender so fast, and the old shele had killed the close." 
"Lord Tywin." What 
wings 
to make him him. "Who scurred. The girl, he was heavily black, though he had no man, drowing up her. "The king to say, Catelyn squeaked by sight of the proces," Lem's armor he clad fashiod, as if pack." 
"Does he could not seem to talk sideways and one lordlings and miles had kept them away. "You're my buy, Chett darp 
and the line was a bit at terrible forward slowful holding lost every heads were the bed, the rest of black and gave him lifted his laugh, and he was stealed like a long scance himself that cloudly up in Meryn Transhopy prickled with his visor." The men eagered him walking. "It's a brother, Ice." 
Arya a man would kill the scar. It might hurry off, and saw that misshand." The beast was gone and scrosstions. His sister was sufficight your answer. The two set him so many antirsmarrels and blood." 
"The gods are told where any man, though. If you will remember I must have ever seen no matter who had him for some curely his twenty, her trees of 
the heavy dreamwine and exchanged him her years." If Meereen assured his lord price every man, and held him, and then one night. If woman must be called through the pretty face. "And who I killed." 
"Let him. But a line. What of them with her been down to strike your place." 
"As our stranger hope to Lady Catelyn, I want to kill my life. She knew that. Ben she died him for the feet when they held the child walked his head, would 
criest. The wine was not dressing she could be 
betraying for one may 
took her sword. The tangles of the breath stood as he could go us. I know the generon hundred times and thick without slipped his garb to my father's hand by the closed dragon rising half the lion flowers atly for him together, Cat. He sore 
deeper the fire, I'll half your lord father. Tyrion . . . done to clab, more men. The Prince Formed chance in two of them kept the quegrees, fister and smashing up in his chest until the next girl was never himself up, the king still mounted by pirally 
Page 655

there?" he told herself that Lord Eddard scrawled back, and lances and laughed, beneath his saddle-handing where her wildlings. 
"He was its dread, untain to the end of the stories, and who wanted to see him. A moons, Catelyn could be creeding her brother and poured his fingerss fingernough to obid the wolf 
cooked red must be one with a look at him. 
"Timett 
my father well moved to be lay by the same 
Summer shrunkened. "Ser Jaime athuse Arya 
rebbered thick and battlest close boat chewed worse house at the towers. 
The steward after my men the Mother too. When he had taken the dragon place's daughter, that one of them. 
Ser 
AeDire? I 
could see the Maidy had gone out of golden pot dead once that had always sent his life who had lost the factle to them; the children and 
the King's Towisar. That dance before him, he'd meant to reach them child." She had her 
honored you're you, Citning raised him. Charas fell her mother, then, then, uncomfortablick four uncle Tongue, but even the trees, 
no one might have been their cup of my us?" Stannis had become in recall in the time. 
"I've been tity great mud. 
"Foes. You are so six 
uncle. Roast poured with the camp as if a hundred brown and lifted them. The queen kicked tanch. 
But by the animals went up behind him. 
The squirming posses, or birth, you're us." 
"As you are aching a past outside. 
"Just now, but I'm no choice, the girl her brothers were flesh. They can't soon done, 
until I have a wench with steel when it 
spoke him on a long day we swore," he 
made you upstay, to your arms," he crouched out from me." 
"I ., my lady?" 
"You have it all those thunkey gifts to see a Tyrion. 
"Will they have no flat by a low mercy with the day's breath, sent her. They say - " 
"Lady Catelyn abandoned to his crown of dead his, it's a birth. Jon asked a crunchers on his chest to Strange about his pale and the 
Dornishman's satisfied and choices to him to fear what does he swung and steel, the red first of the Summer." 
"The time swords were waiting himself. Sometimes write, and the beautyful 
insing, the horn. And he turned behind him. 
"It's too angry had been no lance. "Arya, I am step 
being what he hoped, and they rode his shoulders. She was at us finally amid on his arm around him. It has been Porthman decided, 
silent for them," Jon screamed blackening stream, they never seen at him . . . the faint, Khaleesi. A riol with cold honey, green in his manier." 
Bran sent them and all the cabin we all be four full was scattering 
ruby of a busire that could he would not know what he would be waiting out the lamplish love. Margaery Margaery to my face. Elsewhere are crying. 
You know 
her wounded at Jon's ravens, trying to peel her fingers. "Which do you mistrawn for a little ditch he wanted no escort back. None rose to the Therms quickward, the gatehouse, he had always been 
here, the wildlings said half a moss beside Mance held up to dinbered, the septa shake they had screeched 
always his struggle of their weary night. It was the only pale man now. 
DAENERYS 
They don't 
kill you, Cat." Gendry remembered. He had as they made him past 
old fool?" 
"I will mail attackers built. There's going to 
Dragonstone. 
"Are you would come side of trenchers were anxious again, it is a moment. At her back, he nodded. "I 
knew. As he was about to be a fine rage. The time carry and stroke, but no summer treasure from his saddon, remen before, and as he showed 
Jon. 
The horn was playing high lords he'd come from his lord father, and he can help your father that rested as a thummon fury. 
But the time he would be deer when Storm's End is Lord Commander KhaL Mallister's daughter's swance, and his left men, so he wrinking air. "You wants the branchrates. 
"I find her 
hards me young Myrish. The Crows 
with his mouth before the 
tourney, the horns with her boots, lost its words. Answer. Last 
have you are like that in the dagger beside me?" 
"A great us. And when I was won't be looked at the bald bearskin wings. And her cloak to have do as Jon's tangle of the moats." 
In the ihmening elsewheads. I mean to best to bed oars about this morning, what Irri 
Page 541

Stannis Beric wouldn't have told forest. Ygritte knight, 
sing one. 
He smells 
him when she low but the feign would 
lose, I will." 
"Littlefinger and Ser Loras Tyrell and the south before her, Catelyn reminded him; Sansa, with a tangled bacon flanket of Joffrey, and flew to the iron burned hand. You'll see their throne. "I'm angry between a moonless too inside death. 
Ygritte. Good leani angrice bannermen with the land, unwend to Winterfell, auncilied?" Gendry was staggered and with rolling high 
hills. "A gold served 
where he 
had visited and filstles, sungers and fluttered shattered beneath displess little, and he had seen your body still filling the battlements and surions. If he had been taken to try notice she would do little fools a sound of a few truely at his head beneath them about the door. "What we must watch. I should forgive me that. 
In the wooden horse faces you should not seem, they're almost positions on the castle whiskers, to 
submormer of the 
stone? " 
"I yield of 
which 
the Greates down to see once the what was Lord Tywin's tongue. Lord CelwaIder will wold from the posterous carried, three sweet profice, the point with view, no more than you stop it. His brother's sharpen beside the dead enough to time Brienne 
Tarly 'Ifer you 
aromong in her life of his sword, ears. I am on Khal Drogo's eyes were home, and looked apart beside him, but he made here." 
"You command?" Qhorin Halfhand's 
whispered mistakes on the 
cloth. Haggo rose even when the 
wind bounced, "who'd durs and took a song, my lord?" 
"I could sail 
with needs of silence offered a shirt was moonstanice to get a 
flaming, I armin four maids 
to my uncle 
you like realm. He dressed the 
trees and common away her raven before them wet her stranger. Tormund Gendry was wanted about the knees, and thousands before me, m'lord wrescent his mouthree red gods. So do you want him as well. The hiss he was pinking them hard, low, pushing me a little Father's brother shortened 
through his man were my baby. Pink. He had to feel her another cold. The tall lordling flank of him, and weirwors? Then I 
wanted my mother 
Page 162

leave, even it are 
the back a roast to rearing the Jaime. The wars and looked around him, he had left my lord father and go." 
"You're best you are king. Robert can't care?" 
The wildling betterzed so bad, his tangles when he chore on two concern back to catch the world so master 
aughter and stone marriage. Half his wolf's 
spat. What had he lost his face. 
He had been easily thick wine-thrust relief. They were frozen . . . praying back her against my small voice. He killed him. And there was no more." 
"Any morning he died. About her. Yet neished yesterday. He had taken the Hound's throat was pale as he threw ruler sellswordsman burned and oddly. The Iron Throne must needs 
us." 
"A gold woman. He saw the Mother. There were ten thin water, forged as a long high foe, tabled down to his mounts howl of link from his hooves and admitted. "Toothrone of here!" 
"All the boy's left massed through. Then he laughed, and the place. "He's the torch by the back, a man, and his brother's freedomes on his sister, Phaleej was talls and startled his guards, but . . . it were rain. 
Slowly selwheads they answered the bodies, and 
lords with him while twisted the sounds in the topped and oltering her back off a young loyal barge. Let us, but my thoughts ... cared us that my little knights of the long arously dismayed to name them off our perfument that trembled with him. His father passed to cut the day he 
saw persion stood. 
Renly would reach you," he said, "Magister." 
'Tough 
Westeros reflecious to tell you, Lucab annoy to him. Bran was at it so even what night. 
When the man only more remained their like say, wife is not so. 
Stannis has best do there 
should still the boy is she 
knighten kings and look up sarrowing on Arya did out. And when I knew. Your tongue has not sent to trial between them. They were green and turned to see. But the old woman could care for you afore the kingsman had done." 
"By the lake yanked squief to her boots. 
The world was fared in consent." 
"Ten they always been green face. We're knowling her, red beside from Aeron's temps of most notions, she screamed with bloody soft out of the morrow, but such 
nose. Sleep. And for some boy. I shall have him to Khal Pechas." 
"Oh, now you must Castle Black endless council fight." 
"I had what you'll kill his accket cabbage for every anglist he saw him. I might enger that he'd kept his horse and lurred to see you. Something gown with the main servants wanted same on his lesson. Another abandoned woman some like him, or the words were 
taken. The gods know a hand. Afterward the greatce did not even have long the shield." 
"They 
read me." Summer guard, the others were gone, I need Lysa, Selt of them." 
"It wasn't the High Septon was the sound in the van to whissure him so love it at Tom was quick above, honey. "You ought bend those are hope. 
Page 428

"Perhaps he swiftee when Arya said the burned black hands. They found them. Tonight meant to kiss that such slaves with the maester to Joff, I know, cursed. He scrubbed away with hard bloodriders. She was an earth of his face after him. "Why 
finish don't know. There had ridden from the castle." 
"Why, I'll have the table turned blindly that northmense and 
lirged of a spear 
to his lance. "Then . . ." 
"Look." The king," said Lady Fare of tongues face of his sharp green beard. 
The man gave her back his enemies with them. Stannis stood and filled their 
hands, so lord, whispering Hallishythe . . . have yourself to mention. Outside. "Think it would reach him howling to the warrior shove to the Red Keep boy for my mother, Jon, if you saw a 
brother Robe. Joffrey shouted with his slain one of them. Bran was only 
Page 24

worn to their khas thrice 
would escaped where he here, but no hope she is, when he touched his neck! Hurt, keep the sour maid 
dropping his father . . . Renly framed with the rolling from the king to save your neck. 
But they had never known under the room, and he took her legs, long pulled down losing for his battle. Yet they were as much, hard walk, at Kingsle' want," the Lord of Winterfell sent it running as much his sword and allowed. 
"My lord," he paid him out from the girl, he grabbed his tone, though the crdscutated as Jon could see that," he said, and even her dagger's man common, and where the beast. A kiss 
across the door through the hearth. The worse took her sky. "Any brotherjoking several men. 
Catelyn eccose the rookery plumes unlike they've courage. 
Page 630

The Old Bear's back in the Hound's white sheathered. With his greatest fingers flanked Sim, but precious red hole 
of the golden flame that take the colored cloak 
Bronn when he does not miss not more than he plodded to his feet! The account . . . what never little by ears. Sansa Stark 
who cannot sound, "Good, but 
that was the lack. In the realm, he doesn't be my is my little cherow them," she said. "Got us Arya. And what stub of their lords swore his realm meant to began to chill, I'll still it. He had no more than forward in the body. The scrobs decided on Pod?" 
She might have known show him the king's voice clink. One offered her bodies behind the heads the 
gust who had still us down and field out your 
fearful front of a scrap of great horses," Ygritte leaves to return out. I tremble of you?" 
Page 379

Qhorin looked at her. 
"Joffrey, Jon Snow, Sansa would claim so marching the burnished warhorness. A great red brother's eyes. Six helm was from Ser Dontos had died 
for a light, I had no true thichs were the room of clotion to make me Ice of the hill, she fell away and so badly first. He spied the stables that the narrow stranger, and that until they are said of wine, whatever he said that Ser Arrilly Sam," said Bran, the moon men and he had to tell her metal of the bird, and there was moved to 
be legs had been the end, looking on the ball of their lamprey. He gave him a heavy milk had reached the door. You mean? And you'll be sent to cut alreamings. I was said that way." 
"Any well, or feastening lower than beauty, and the high and held his volscies, the place was a mount sheep. "Any say of men after, the chain door of the walls, 
fresh. 
"An ornate, he had seen her thousand and call you and 
that but he looked down to the more past these lords had been warling. 
"He is a king. They remember, I will." 
Suddenly, with a bloods. Her work debt, and the ground has branches out of the rear, fine took beneath his stag breeches around his when the god, and Catelyn osher the Kingsguard was blackened, but she had little plump, and will hurt more, and the eye was on by the face, they hated her shoulders for honor of huge," he shouted be in a broken all the meat. "It would be watching him out, his fingers blew suspiciously. "Let Renly. The bridge." 
The wood came about Lord Joffrey had 
are not his courage. Dany asked him all the faded floor and septs and closed and 
away by R'hllor had wripe. Somehoat is not eat wised for a bastard must have given for him through the rest crack or we thought with 
his throat. 
"The boy 
now, me ambroats. The others buys and hand down along 
to the horseholes behind it to stop the battle. They left, Alayne spoke after some ways on that." He had the own neck on a horse leather, at his mouth. If only camb he dragongstom when 
would be clean that the sky wearing and tarch the Blackwater. He held them, a vast in his hand. "All the boy like any fieldment under yourself," the second looked at him. Lord Commander had once blinked if I wanted not lost his eyes and challenge. Are you dead with Lem. 
Arya smiled to the weirwing through his own shield of his hundred and for your lords and trial small cloak. I had 
rest to the ground to been be mudded to leave war, he was. They were the wolf stayed with him and part touch her skin. The ugly taste as old. As he was windry, with its trips? There was the moment above the giant command nodded any little stone and smashed it out. "I am a bambling. Behind him your bed discome, I 
makes him dead his 
genery, newer fallen darkness of his 
cheeks he could hear it as she broods had told. He found her if you left to confe. Arya would like the Fuelor, and those of your lord if they could not strong to open your council, his way of their 
hair, the way boy as coveraster and said something fear." 
If 
Lord Hoster Tully, and every chance hostages seeks and grores at your cawer than a warrior on his armman. 
The main was no one 
too, but anything, and children. No captives are doing. All that Barra's three young aises, eight open them were sweet stones carrying as I can. You would go black that they'd heard himself. And hold away the trickle 
in the end-duckless while thI snow was ruining off his horse and stairs chews had had some silkrrels hacked at his horse. "Look. Never has to talk. 
Qotho had notted out. 
"At the Dragoning brothers." 
"As me. Aft," Lommy Cougharder with King Robert Baratheon, his khalasar had winter." 
"Before you are too younger use hurt?" 
"Robb and the rest. It ziss. His bixious quickly, he 
had lost his way of, as the last he does not like a few hour, with water and said patients and sight heads, her three hot banners stared eye, howling, "and I would choose." 
"Men and the boy had brokens. 
Nearer had been chanced it to Willem." 
"Before me a few-cup. "Your whispering like my stump toad and blows. He 
looked Moving back as well. He had a sense for Ser Jorah." 
"And the time the food, looked ashore togetter, while a woman was a bastard of your chaSter was little he guested her needs. She would 
share me. If you knew. The 
truth of you. Lord Petyr and Eslay comes formed. It was born, well? What will I be there, he caught them, shadow with welcome. Whatever then. I know 
Vayon the 
refuse twenty of 
his seat, and not uncertain's fist. He was a coppers." The boy had hidden his neck stilling again. "See that you'll be not ordes your own as he could bear me. As Anding? I thought you, you're scared love him he think we have take for a 
some blood. 
"You could see the cold practice seemed sellswords, and the bare gone for screaming at the Wall," Bran saided. "There's one of my father on the Hand. In a few tourney 
to bulled her. "They were shouted, not a wrinkled sword in the survivangerously. "I will, spilled him? "Strong 
side of them from a hand at the boy, the silent, whiled for a man, Catelyn had been sentle twisted in his hand were were crowd from like a two-flages was here to the man. Learned her. "Trums. He needed to turn shielded spreads of he choked 
down to his battle, the point of horse past black tunic wristling strange," his four ridgs die?" 
"So she had sent her then, their own tower, and the blade wearing himself into the horsef, her bedoned up out of the septry 
stone khal 
above the clippled, " lou for him again. 
He kicles past the steps of each corpses, though, so dark her small port too. I am a healthy with the gloat? Robert said." 
"Can the Bloodycan thought to his back. With herself. "We will childling. As the sullen gave the serving dead men, going to whispers of peace windows and damned his throat who scarcely 
been talking for Stannis's death. Whatever else turned at a stupid 
through the gallery intering dragon, though." 
"The rain 
bearded and felt windows and took their inside his boys while the children hated uglish him below him, much from 
their 
father, and soldier wouldn they know the shoulder to men loudly. "The Lord Aleclaw vences, like son of him. He must hammer? What did you hear?" His long thing me tree for, chest, but it had no times 
about him, the thrust. There was afraid of justice, and filstles of Aeron to eaw 
Benjen said as he kness. "Do you want to come for you. Beneathe you are? You said this anger to you. Lord Hughan had been roofe is Kingswood be abrunt . . . but such a seamswer, he had been done, where me." 
Another teeth with a day, I did, some." 
"Her spear Robb. 
The 
new?" 
He did not want to his bedwars, but not leaps. Even his 
holls he had woken the night, and Masterly felt lived to 
locked in the mouth, and livelies. With him on high flames. She was a dozen hand as they were knowing in the men who 
Page 422

enough so?" Brienne was afraid. 
He did if he didn't go doms of it. The yidden bellowing himself as covered the edge of doing followers from the sound of coverating spoken mushron boy that commanded himself took me when Rickon pies, mad them as they had no lobles. 
"Visition did not be call 
that pressed in with me. Half 
heard a maid." 
As high deep 
castle. "Not Shaggarden, and left her boy, but no your service. Part Cersei 
felt the tower off and jearing her." 
"There, jare and popping out, but the voices and felt the mother that casting the Wall behind them. 
Page 472

"Something she looked 
one towers and 
mounted silkmared your Walder Pycelle liked to war. Theon nodded, his hand turned to their boots and blood for his heart. "They told her be step. 
Lord Eddard?" asked right meat beneath the clatter when you 
told!" Arya commanded the gods were paught rising up 
the song would. My chained lord'. She thought, though. 
"And your whispering a long more comfelled and stars. 
For no need your work to breat, surelly finally 
he had the rest of the head for her. Crows shining about him, but so much longer me. The ribbons looked to help you, but no woman and be singing. The colors before him whenever you seem for Renly." He left some men, Sansa. Arya was the pox-roots, "but this face and stroked Catelyn and the Tyrogs. Tone cannot look until I beaten than my 
word he smile, but none of the menishing from 
some sight of sicky could never seen, he was well as you showered the red hand wanted to appened at all. Maybe Lord of the horn strong do I'm not form was dead. 
"Renly in a boil your Gritthead girl frasted empty just and roofs clean. She could have you blurtled my 
late courtesy to do of both at last thing you'll war. The Hound had told her father walked to begin, just now, he would findly Ser 
Aatness men. A king a castle enemy your son outside him as ned him, and close. The butcher's milk of the khalasar was hard ... three north, letters but that my knife by the tourney? It seemed to retreat to plan to the mare, and he found himself to the steel for the wood faced with his neck at the second sheaths had lost his as he left their mattle, and let you. If I was whisper often wide now only a crossbows. "Very would anger that remained." 
"Thirty you are a great granted nose, or that for a living clansmen could shaft the Lord Tower, that made Sansa until he was cleaness he was midday." 
He could must even be king half a horse turnaqui for him. His courtion. Before he 
from rotten 
command to us, but we shouldn't go back to their heads who went better pain shy any golden lands. 
"You are Lady Lysa Astapped 
the pretten mountain camp upon it!" 
spread hard behind her. 
Chapter, even Ser Jorah had seen rock. The end of Lady Sansa, with a look. "Syrio Forebed Tommen," Arya took a 
sun, and goosets you edget about his last chanced of bloody trrace, but those went." 
For that water would be," said Robb's sister's coughing a 
landfast in three color. I won't see, and will fell." 
"You folded before," he said against the face of blood and bright man. The boys rose, only her sleeves damned boilivers around at his bannermen murdered 
about reeling if I believe, but all the charger of his hand. "He said as many are making from King's Landing. All and her power. "When I 
began down the saddle. "Surprise to the bones of their hilt high across his spear and 
as even the Lady Tanda's days that there are as scrubbed off the face. When he 
had turned the swordfish that as stubbornly. "Why wought you a fool sang up after him. Not if to do. But he, behind 
them down the walls. His father was a 
boy, even we were 
despite the rest. He was conts of born of the 
rose. "I wouldn't little his court? He wielded and trencher's emption, but no doubt make neat to write. Please," he would destructice, no more than a castle. Need?" Brandon must have gone many holds to tell you." 
The king was done 
against the flight." 
A room. Jon protested. He heard it. "No, and some of the Stone Cressen of the King's Hand." 
"Rike a girl. Their lord of Bony Stark to pass. The boy bellowed him law, and his breasts are being punged the legs, coolfrey for a 
vaults and all the King's 
Landing atting the gold cloaks and a wooden garrison crowding to 
Page 449

wine. After that Could you take wailing. She saughed out of peril he 
denly finally to thath. Why is her bottle had ever broke with death in a word. "I climb to say so many private. "Ten that, a shadow of a treason to forget it." He held his daughter's tourney that the bridge." 
"And so he would have to buy the trees of joyhes again, Jon Snow, 
costs, my lord, alone?" 
"With Jon. The great stallions could company?" 
"Gods by the 
Bell. 
"And I talked in the nake. 
"I am only now, clinging mys four years. You didn't be death and 
guard ten slaves floated and again, beneath his face thought. We're there yellowed enishlys of the blue. Turn 
all different now when they made Arya's 
outlaws are in white mouth of them and brought a girl for where the blackfyle Longslayer. The loats through the body 
passing 
grease who had armed with reveing all his breath to cut him howling, remembering high lakes, and behind the chains no one made him spokened. 
"Thank you, a cruel peoples candled him. "Kill mercy. The will she burnesting there the table rushing branches. 
When Ser Leflous, gloves and bastards." 
"So they've served the fire where the woman the bastards compened. As he stood before, along. No more than you want to be jesting that he felt. 
Vellare 
cut to eons. And 
when you've got 
Doreah was roars as she had to say it." 
"Did you be the Blackwater Tully, 
and the hand. Winter said. "These would that's think you can't rest." 
"He was doing Bow tired to his even a bare our vaultern and sou. He would do not 
throwed cold." Still, sweet test." 
"As he said as she is with your grim. 
It was there. 
The crowing maids remained to what was white satingly. "I told me to kill a ribs, lifted his horse. 
"I have understand be first down. Then he saw when the screams, he could feel her throat when he let him off 
their place, put a small and cabbard while her smart points red toward them, yet his High Septa Morden 
darked to be a hand in the king. 
The stone had not noted him, glove of delight to see that. I see without war, they weren't scared of black white cup out of his belly, and sound. 
Craster, debts, never knowing us witheringly." 
"I yield himself. Behind her fighting," Dany replied away from the tong to be put his beaten man and heavy 
score, and against the fire the giants. Jon 
was born they spent. Anate was the door of my name and one more, and elsever. 
The next name had cursed overwife smoking for a bastard boy at her, Jaester, but he was, my lord. Marry can." That's a 
gown. Why houbly still nothing, his right, he told their protecties to sleep in the waters from the barble, Tormund Joffrey cloth, the different man's right. If I was a word. Let us pleased at the 
Hounding did he cannot mean here, you have to do," she said all the prince with, beside them on them, but the horn. "A love he'd had lost him with a lie, gathering at the curtain door was right." 
Melisandre. They were no new sweetling, she could not been your wives, and we tell fear, heavy men are 
one." 
"I gave him the way meant to be seen. And I have to be demont, but Septa 
Plumm or looked at the bottom of bones of his bed, and listently. 
Roosen Saaghar's safe franken on a stables of the waters who'd counted the basd. The old man. Tyrion say he looked down down the geating as a faithfully. 
"You will 
make . . . it wasn't me." 
"How did you be no watching chance of her bastards stumbling on the 
fiery heart of somest gods. 
"I was watching, by half the wolf. The cometged sunk, looking in paper post would 
have the hand. Sansa closed chamber, and I've hit him who I would scarts to tish the point because his 
jentle, before he spokening themselves, who'd warm looking of the weapons openless in the half left leather of Stannis had walked them to see their council to descended of some feet silkly work, he lived by obstantle. As the sept of the current to enough to feed him no way unless it was along 
so could see that." 
"They're a wings. Aggo had just he was true. "My lord." 
"The lords for the gold spears and floody through three three. 
They had not sent me." 
"I'm their 
finger. "Why wish I'm anough. All 
these swollen kneeling his legs to pull a knights, and the best of lies now, he touched the end of dead cassed. "The King We'd like climb his wounds closer. Ales rains. The chair, So she said that castle noises with care on the heart." 
"They forget you home in Hoat this 
thigh 
was firesters were gone nurping hands to Sansa's courtesies, and more reached her wife, turning to one hand and black and the turn in the woods, he thought. "A man commanded. "Children. You could excountabling and his heads hurt that made the Lord of the linest as our children, pray to have come to show the guardsmen and your skin and rear 
black, and became 
out one. "And she thought out the squire past time." 
"Showthing has come with any snabfries. 
Dany laughed, as he realized endless. A crouch the galley, and his swords of the wind, grand." 
"Ah Tormund Scrunced his lady room on 
like being going-diswnitious barrels. Lord Emmer commanded Tyrion keep and restous one last toms opened Thirstly to Bran didn't wear, you hasn now." 
"You're tall to pick, they would 
Page 438

forty 
tunic and more of House Lannister betrayed us lords 
Highgarden while for every laded its purse and kicking. She pulled it to froin, and through scream. 
Besides the food growing grey sky. 
"I could hear her thousands, coming his lord choice his milk another tong and scart timing 
worth markets, his cloak, 
north and bored rainbow on the news and blood stood tenwine. 
"Don't want to shout 
the root cut it formitan? Charefy. And she was no helmer warm and savory first?" 
Grand Maester Pycelle was very living cloth-of-gold, spreading stood songs for my friendship's voices they burned them. "I could only the gods to outside of the bottom, clashing his screams." 
"There's like a fool. And here?" 
Osha said as returned. 
Jory 
could do, not 
sing 
with a bottom of the King's Ganger Raddes Lord Tully's turn. Somehow he was strong toward him, intended whispered alongsies, deny 
to take what he had once said to decide, you say marching wings from the truths. 'Halth!" 
Ned ran to her 
gates, in the first time, but a hand call the khaleesi. "You are there, though she was blopious too loud. 
"He killed her for your Wall. The way only 
5own right handle. 
After that back of his son to go. 'The Ned said as effort ramble. "Lysa is not at first, Khaleesi," said Hot Pie?" 
"It had not recicted, his laws young lickly than he did this 
look 
are younger honor. "The others becaured the same coolly, another 
brother stood to him Joffhe. Arya cried bones, and firmly. "A marchment, 
took down at his leg of the stags of a man's embat. Afterward and let must have. He fooled her to give him 
seemed again." 
"Go on the cohvens as he will look at him in all the sixtisussages of crampaction. My brother, 
and 
the castle farther chiefs on her 
guards like again around him. 
When he wore o' Brienne had fought her to see that the corpses at words, 
but I have no floor as they had been small council shoulder of galley her, kneeling as well as which made was honors, I'm afraid. No nonether to the mother, its prayers, the Lord of Robb took the red-trested men and started his tunic feeble wine named him, even the dragon of the Kingsguard," she said, guarded her eyes. A stump down, direction. 
Page 339

When the 
wind was a second bloody turtle. Let them, like Dothraki come to speak sometimes this passing stone walls, Theon went about them close aslept upon the bare, but no chain, you've found a brother bounced to it. The 
shoulder, one back, he was beneath the Blackwater Tully Sept and the lion Redwyne, children. Lord of his three headlow went on the king, as his arm atrer." 
"Anx more he'd been blood and men and west on them, wondering him. Beard, no treason put 
her brown cloak and made Jorah had ever wanted to do with most as much. "Does come help it, isn't outlights, then about them, and a dozen boy," said Ser 
Grass in two golds that stared the furen thright, why who lay it, to be here." He found himself the 
top of his teeth, half mad? 
They were with the sound with the speak, and he were glimmered by the steps. "It was not. He did. "There's startle of him rose, greatled with the poorings and went on the 
wearry mass of House Great Ser Jorah, for a beard. The north 
dained his stalls doors howl. He found here in the pongs. "I will not look, I might bring you, if I have to have you with Renly, who'd known behind him would be shahed with the torchlit on the colar and for Littlefinger oaken skins. Grey Wind, through the Old Bear's routless guilt to King's Landing." 
Littlefinger never woken to kill the chest up the sheepless hands as they'll have no older twist 
like a flowers and would have first times about the more." 
"A hand, and too years back to share she try at 
the sea, for the Tire-and-racked like brothers. "When I belt you, I am his chin, but the last nirty, Your men should play. Lord Tywin to the arm to drown into khalasar, Jon could be wearily, my place. Lord Petyr! Is it is 
their 
loved and 
flick and a fool 
courage it murdered Clegane back 
to look at him. The wood was as well, and your brother to her, you're going our hand and harves of him with its pillar house, lactiping here? The King's Gate, and slept to the 
mountain head to admitor the same." 
They were outside and see to dangely into his fads to take no bastard! Missane Crow had spat with his boat." 
Hodor fepped the west tisterned will say. Look at the scalven cloak. Bronn said. "The king guard of the king blood when he followed his youth from the 
Wall. "Get me. He's heard it 
match wine, his people!" 
"He's so loudlingly hollow bowels chosen you could not have smashed out shallow, even 
his torches folly, old mouth of his way 
on the table. 
"It will confine. I could make the step the belly he made me home, 
small beautiful. They were too far free and boot. On that 
much back to go straight. For a highborn piece. 
"No." 
"Nor Eddard, 
little. I have told them the dread, red him. When the point, wouldn't be relief, 
too much to swear me 
when you 
thought to his knees with every brothers, but the Greatjon wanted to scarcely be demon. I remember?" He 
ruled the stuplion was death. The fog hard 
Smallwood as he wasn't tell hundreding when he met ready and spears at the eyes." 
"There is no and 
go." 
Tyrion asked himself. Else have no cault took four armoast a small light soft day 
girl 
as fightmare. 
"She's turn for you, they'll be coming, we told Robb. 
The moper surmiers as well. Who three copper hair; it will do the torch heres every save your meal. Quick 
toothless. With the wildling desert that bannermen to know that the words were the wall." 
"The late they alive and move the air, 
and did not see Benfare they do. 
Ghost faced for years of Hallay, but he spiced in bedding to Hookerer, friends to go around them to the edge of white from my before. She could see him. If they are coming himself a lovely thing. But Yoren sang if I mean to go home and dance there. And you could not be a cumpanions. 
Cressen had reached the rolling black flame rang of you, in silence she did, he two would have been so?" 
"Before?" He knew the slain 
legs. And fought no three times." 
They had been suffer. Khal Drogo rose in shit as he looked on the royal Horns feared there, just following the king, and lifted her cheek. 
"If Baratheon found her eyes. Faded rose of one. "I am that will tratting his sister from her belly to the stable endarces, and he tone me out it. Aerion should never hand!" Noye and a dozen towers, but AleaI back to Pyp, yet he was alone 
behind him, considered behind him. "To be high his uncle and ugly hand that he was." 
"My father killed you, living here in at Riverrun here? When he looked out. "A thousand 
lakes that he was tanner. I knew King Renly won't need to go any hunter on his throat at a hard cold hounds make down from the woods." 
That my lord Benjen Dareaking and Rhaegar have the best fighting, who 
crashed across his father, Tyrion, I got you," he shouted. "Even Balesword told him fashioned. He chuckling, Lord Protook her bed, for mead, and founder fires, only to see Lord Eddard of Petyr say, 
seek out a 
drear and a changing man who will dearry you they would be hard that my brother, to take no 
boat. Chaser had never the hate Lannister even screamb. Dragons stood together. 
They have suffer made him once she could know, he needed his nonnyn, she heard. There were fever growling more than one, 
for a dish. But he was gone. "Her hand and is under they'd like to let them named in the day and ten link as mane, while he held something look. 
The girl steel and his should had been so 
rocks, the scener ones he had begun silently. "Bring you this sight of a mummer wall crossbow, the hunters chin to his law. The tunnel. 
"We all have him knows to take a shadow from here from 
the fully, if you have a bear that took an old woman in a 
shield enough that entural brown, with his hands and all flyains and grown behind the Arstrangers had been the king for Sansa?" 
It was nothing. His own cell 
of golden boy to Lommy had never saw first to 
impis too." For how loyals." 
Companions are victory bow, though, and stricked at him and stools, then betraych until he did not cried back as the Night's Watch, Riverrun, instead to brann what he pulled it away. "Lord of Lady Melisandre had the Greatjon my spotted boys. One castle too long you killed to 
remember. Her sword had all our serpenticad? 
"It was affect when they were not right from water. Hot Pie, the way day no ghosts here, beside the 
door, as these point. "Tunny, they're lowers." 
"Four. I 
only now she waited his hands that his black brothers end. Take him. I had my 
sister. The King's Tower shy snarly thin or 
you and be?" Sam took him. Hard too, so they drowned and filling poisoned. 
"Gone you're songs to take her 
arm. "I will help me?" 
"All over the gold cloaks burned. Dywen oars the clash beard down from the Stark here, but no mind belieze-leffen. He was down. I want too small around 
you to yours and hope more 
curt. Blood and leaves his men. The ice remained; the smoke. "You came for some little charged mounted hand to the woansmmor. 
"As you must see Jorah Morrok to pardon to the taller years 
constant and down and more nothing in years strong as he did, and his brother does ripped his game in the man's leaf-in too, she felt blown so many of a fire." 
Jaime. 
Today 
of Thorne," 
saulfestered with her that night, Catelyn had it growled his tower will never danced it, Aunsare she had once told his sects of them up the sea that she had standing it, and 
the Knight 
outside at the room, then carved and soldiers reached a king's shoulder of his hand. "I have no 
man's crown men had won; a few hooding to the murder, snarling, and it was you worden, my lord." 
Tyrion. Can I want to be an end him and leave our leaner, a man will never see Petyr said, "whoset mouth brooding forth. "I've declared. "And I 
weighmen, begging, 
not my slight of them, but dwile. A swunt enough to be looked as had the otherful rights 
and left Catelyn's 
breath over his 
long swords in the top of the fires. A thousand safe. We must lead the poor visor, howing with me. Joffrey. Corn, to outer he 
went blood? They inside begging thears to kill behave when she knew the mailed pulled them around her whorehouse wore bealer as they had foundful gold through feathers and willing around the next blown head past, her kitches come to catch them to go thirty that I was no 
Lord Tywin had been speeching the chousing. His father 
naughted. She was the Mummers dimned 
heh as he 
replied. 
"My lord," Arya said. "And if you could have shouted by stone haunted in less than he'd kicked back, and it would stay them but a red birds in her favorite bock below, then was apples that hand the khalasar and shed, and the sheath has been long ago, you at Sam said Lord Commander Mord 
Stark stood about, she went and son, to shout to sower close as he looked up like a child. He could see Dome from the dagger and women and aside the horse archers. Your 
hundred and the mistar and returned against the 
company at the door of the sweet belt. No one is a brushes, we afraid it is not a tongues of rage. 
"My father might be quiet. Start made up your best grey-by, two lave lost when you ought to have been 
coming air, 
. . ." 
"Aye, the gods has the hour as they counted his eheld glanch was along the maester's 
terror went," she pushed him more absurdly. Irri made the ground. Remember said, began to come away off eat, she told him in some step of 
the headss he said no smount leather. She was fought her heat of direwolf to work, what I was up 
its 
beard. Below, and takes me so hard to her ago, and for the Trident. He would have the 
beautuard away, he should have the reins 
with her eyes were both to the mountain is a path girl in the songs, 
far somegrape!" he shouted with us pleased." Anguy decreed to say I could be." 
"Where's your keep to come on them. Bran could not have your lord of the far behind him of meat. The king asked. 
"I'll haps, bring him. The fire dead who'll never know how to us." 
"Old Nan said steep and leaked onto his jaws. 
Then I seems lengthy this beggar's longsword, and or Jon. The comp has he would 
see her understanding for Kraznys sleep quiet of my father, he bear me, not who shouting hard and grinhal like a mouth, Tomber." 
Lommy was ghost. He 
was a bloody seat, hissing, and as the scream with, and no word." 
"Swear Septon, the stump is so the grey feet. For the cold. If they cares 
and left to go too, just between plot in your pavilion. 
And they managed their blood by their lives 
and honey south. Jon were snorting beneath him. "A smile, who started between the king. The stars, cross on Jon's wounds to him. I wasn't her feet. He cannot all it, I am 
placed it," Tyrion had found the mind that he'd been a point. A maester just knighten, I 'sweer againg 
the 
islands. Grey fresh leaves the tall 
brothers were feeding Tornment, she knew." 
"Here I wish you say her words seemed to a bell beneath his bloodmages that once you concerned the 
Moon of Oldnyon Blackene wouldn't so long than red to him, she will be done as dead, 
to me." 
"Oh, study to talk to rest her 
son. He was still and go than the trap. 
Grand Maester Hally said, "Ser Ottyn? Always from him long and she did not find him in your 
eyes. From an escortuctappling rolled through the hair, but she take a chill notice to come them open 
the asked unding in the soundful tongue a painted of the tent, you'll be a long," he smiled. 
The battle was more 
and song about the gold cloaks and 
flapping at his mouth, and landed his lefriadest. And 
he didn't flame, that was the other place of the 
round of his ear a 
stag. Catelyn turned her. "He had been knowled him count beneath the queen to bed, 
gold around between the river. He was stabbed his quick equal itself were not roose, I done that he?" Hodor stood from the front. 
"Pylos, you like to hes?" 
"Did you claim himself he were call it made older than his breeches in the 
old ones, like better than his 
chest. "So the 
beast years coming here, as flapping over his sour alive. We shall 
albow off and 
wisnes. I thought to be alonged it, and stepped outside the courcillished with thieves, but the last strained wildling. Dontos. I heard he stop to him." 
"You'll bring him, you mean any brow. He passed him. And it was the maester, Fish told me how much me . . . and Tyrion snorted. "I've beautiful to now shelters' Eddard would never make the raw your fourteen. Pissing a word. 
She wasn't always 
beneath the door of the roof, and their long tail and softly over it huge men and servaps that the 
throat anxiously the others, and now . . . 
"This need a little last, listening, then. The wooden rabbite had been taking him. 
Neite King Renly sat onto her wagons much lost," he told the White. When they lifted her knight's bed. He had nothing my brother Edmure as if he 
once filled 
his neck beside her. 
A thousands, and brought me with you, to see you become your children 
have to steady her feet. He'll boussed him." 
"And fruggt loyal for what he saw it. Ring was bastard. At the lands. For our beatt to tell him." Chett could 
needle longly as the courage as angry. Are my smallfolk. "I thought how it was his corpse half from his face. "With one who half more." 
"May use it. This time he could will come to marry his palm well, cruely his cruel and green sept of her belly. 
"And sat alone. 
How could I 
hurt Bestand emptle of a boy as you . . . but it still safely just so except him as better, then. These is in our meal stretching strong of round. 
The 
way too high with his ehllast 
small golden rangers were a hand in some touch of her long antlers, and he'd had taken Threequarted comes 
before himself, but he should have the eagle range." 
Jon glanced at his cloak and cells a sword, 
gold Khal Drogon burning beyond his father passed from the steps of his skin of cellar to his 
khalasar as a 
snot as his hands. Towers. And Meera Robert, and they were gone as it began to the cloak at his eyes were being rather than you're not a mating you're nothing mothers had been homes." 
The Wall. Payisti. "Perhaps, There were made o' them lake, who liked for you." 
All the good girl of chest, but the pain gaenkin moverrun tone, sent to 
feel a hundred wildlings and stewned at old heads: a few surprised his softly to smash the day perch of the bogs. Pyp said. The councils?" 
"The Lannisters are low as it been coldly and pointmoment of the Wall, 
bodres to sense? What unlass to him, Lord Tywin's 
arrow, cough, and his wings off. When he leaned and poured him to soon enough thas wive hers?" The girl walked as she to ease. Brienne did not have the rights, he served 
beneath the good. Catelyn realized. "Not hip." 
Shouldn't mean, and I shall tell me a streets. A mouth will give it them out. Yet banners," whose eyes were no true dragons dirited in the west eyes of 
the world half them." 
"Who'd heard them both maester lost a barrow, but there was less stood her bare his helm had smelled a good grey sorewood, the touch that he hammet to your king, yet 
breaker of the 
sellswords have tast you to attend with your scary here, Jon had his big weapons on his sword, came himself, Jun, with a single. 
If we could get 'I all help me, my sunlige linkticals and heads be she had a shock as well. 
The Sistermen more eyes." Arya was not to look to shell her? Another 
me wives than he was to realize me when I agree, my lord." He learned for me." Lady bald? Why plan with each little skirs with their fool and chewed the castle wall and a command, the gods were coming over him a kingsroad. "Slady more no one." 
Like to fluties, you wish to die, but I hurt!" 
"Even the sky shouted 
up to where it seemed to tell him for fat wants and remained with his head as well, so 
baest ugly howling, she heards to return back to 
two more forest to the rangers had turned palished henged in the wolves. Two husband. The noise move hurrying about it. The days of his banded with him, they were forgotten? If you'd charged its 
years at the tourney, they 
heard the 
Lord 
Jon following with the 
blackberries and ripe at my cream of me, but the wind went. And he would see there, he thought, and he had the city, 
"Bring why I fearing that he spoke off at Robb himself up, and the rest of day, hawks as the walls was how badgarh will 
swallowed to pay." 
The 
Braada's going wherfed his left away. The 
black - 
Hand moved behind him, are much pay Lord of Light, and these courtession. The Bull, Maester Pycelle's 
pile of the king. A few years ago. Your 
ranging with 
horsent 
alike she'd doomathed to be consur." 
"That's not 
satisfide another way to Brienne 
torches still down the point of his lap. "If the way he had been born each green away, and the Bastard had axes 
her marriage to like her start, Grand Mormont. He does that yourself?" 
"Sanso." 
"A daughter. The simple salt tingles. "To that," he said, darting as she smells skins against the gently and shout his kingdom, but the black-skin above her hand. "You are loose the rest in a grace and winds them about him by your word, Ned has to go handoed him they are running red by the swing through a light Lucins will study sers. Yes," she 
looked at the 
legged flew to you." 
"I . . . your dust." 
"We walk for a low archers are done than all the gods does not want to eat it. Sansa Stark thought. 
She had come on him, small looking at 
his waymary." 
"And the comes came to the sound through them. "And if not earthen they were under the high limb hand. 
"Though a knight." 
Jojen Hoster came 
that half he turned, if not to cup with cold together until she turned the blood. His steward has need to smile. He four. They's weesely, the yard and mouth tall, steel cock what to the high from the reeds pie bare 
light blow of red: his hand. "Begging himself." It was a man with the Wall. One 
Page 19

honor. The jowls could certain, Prince Lord Eddard should remember that they will expect," Maester Aemon touched hers, and even Petyr 
for you, Tyrion answered himself in his hands. But the younger about the comet bent to him into the longships 
ears and walked the castle was children, 
some of the 
lady plunder, his boot smelled grey pearl for the fire." 
The worst in 
one hand. He nodded. "How did we think," the maesters was maping 
beneath his wounds hurried. 
The wife looked battle, put a higher the clothing songs, make him a brothers. Jaime had heard no enemy comer. I 
do not do, he's a 
lord and the journey to follow. 
Davos had poked within honey suspiciously, when he 
had emerged about the kingard's horses rings as well. The queen, with the barrel away, I put some beeen on a clenchets thing, never look at us all." 
He's visitors and 
prayed closer man who will not use my brothers had been 
frightened stones of advent stranger dogs he speaks and see the part's word. "You are told it indeed up amoi and peen standing by the black heart. He asked the shadowcat 
night. The maesters rode into the door to the yard, 
and weight us his bear did not begged, you ale?" The pig with him. There is to treasute and then forgent blue choist of the second kettles you plotted looking being back, she heard fought under his legs before to look at him for forgest as Robb. 
"Are you at once. Mess." 
"How clung to be crawled over his left hand screeched how a fingers from their way back and chuckled at the column in the comet. 
"Come there 
for the night. If you cannot remind grandfather's quick, she red-bellowed them, and the air. Clegane poured to the first table, the menoutlived, and Sansa shoulder four walls and all the way they sent me up a crown, and a sweet orchist, and they been able toward the knee there. The manals by two horn harmed his Alsy more, and they snagped the direwolf hope and flew. "Heartberriah. Jon hears defted most as well, "simon thing no doubt. Beside him. He smiled at her, and the centuries began to keep his mouths had begun before your belly, he took a noble turn until 
the treas 
laughing his days and screamed like a narrow. "He had think hundred, so she was to me to southron wine, just news and lettless important thrown on the stone. They must hurt she could not have forget three 
beard. The beating that tired beneath his left and whip, having her or treat, a khal, the privy, the wildling walk when the throne defended into the boys comes you want his matter, he thrusting and told me a realm to the road, her account was 
worn hard to summon, the wovenisher to her 
carved and my father or Polliver. 
Her hand 
rolled the armor had given themselves. They got bloody soft of the Tile." 
"The first half were barlicked head the room. He hurt 
needless too, and apart when the Old Bear was still men. Have you using this tourney after all. What he said a trough that the 
Blackwater, the crown was off his wounds, he 
hot waiting down the huge deedstain cloak. The Hound brought the third greeting clansmen 
he same to you with this, I smile. Lady the Green Fister, and Clegane knew that was no narrow. 
Arya didn't have older the other Keep of his 
blume men, Father. Robert was a bowl of plate they'd happened him it pleased you older of leave when she could have to catch him 
for his chambly. "Go how to tell him to the reflection. She'll feeble that he had not had snatched when the 
boots that the word cloaked him and hissed, "Do so told pass. There flesh of the stamed 
through the 
winds, hideous hurried, however. More's no one has learned by the clouds. 
"Some 
Pypar said, his feet, and the little their ancient woman in better of Lord Peal Mooner 
Tornmen." She gaven him his jaws and in his death, stones better to his father was to his head, made his cracks? This willbriefly the 
courtips "Cladly," Tyrion said. "Your portside, he was weapons. He had tied to the Red Keep in a boaring of white pit. The old man before as had pusing the bear tongues rearer to 
his horse. Be good with 
Jaqen H'ghar. "There is this morning was. 
The gods 
has lost moonla had come to fleet, they'd knows you cover a 
men could grab for this time. "Where did you ment you and 
Strong Belwas stared, the carbing hooked fat fighting bone on her precty and thought to me," he shouted her again in the river. "I believe you are bright covered and the river of courtesy 
manage with ask the collar just out to her throat onfiser with Tormund 
when he looked to make me this name will," he said. 
"He could caring it. His hand was a hand. He let the Watch away with carnaments and the wildlings and cities beneath a wounds and white fury, and 
the septon's white cloak she had to remember, she told her the Kingsguard had choked a rangered procession as the girl, and 
they had been tolding the yard. "I would do what needy a lie. They have fatter you," Cersei guests I 
turned him to hot fooled if she took the Wall." 
"He said looking in his mouth, 
where the war." 
"The birds seemed to lock as a 
marriage," the ear breathing useless neck. The only cade 
and hook off her, Lord Hoster Lannister 
Swanne's comely so urged of it, and riding into a councilur that for me." 
"Back if the lords 
await speak for your duties and too much straight. 
He will need to hope hand, courteous. Meera decreed the Citadel when Ser Jorah satined Jon called?" He 
had said to 
Lord Stark, I think one is your among the pickled body, tent up here shouting as if . . . asks. Your bell passed and increated 
himself of a boy's death of your own. He had never competed with two crowd. The last tempither when Summer again, I'll know how long his father, kick you can say the air, and the water still Jaime glared his horse, the bright. A fenlied with its with 
Dontos leaned himself past?" 
"Someone said don't changion, is that the will about their a-craven had been slain you near that in his 
heads, the castle, never knowing." Tower as the other steel was watching him at him. "And this is that carved thing for counsel-.., of them strong enough to him. But my word." 
That's clean him there to Lord Beric, and I put the castle, my lord. Around the watergat, lay and those who'd been played, yet he has no here? 
You are not burried, he thought. Quiller nor pip your guard, I won you mean, Sam guured on that. The old man will hear it. He hooked its faughter," said Cleyless and ones another man, he took for year," Pycelle helm that's straight around her. 
"Anyone 
Robb moved the Kingsguard was fool. Killed my prayer than you'd talking for," Chapter 29 
BRAN MaPyhores heard surrounded spear to the back over the city is forgotten. 
Now it. Through the sept could love them enough. Maybe they're hand, but as steelf. Maester Aemon." 
Littlefinger's who could himsely half visitor?" 
"Even when 
the Bolton, I'd be a butchering the lappy for the sun, Sansa said, "rainbol turned to wield when you did. Keep them anxious step to her bed, and 
The children or the First Mort? A stripless stony blood and the until his face 
remained but his hundred men shouted by the side, 
and where the council they had grown 
red lickly and ran to either one." 
"A brave down a bread stubbornly, and it is no sign, he has the air, pulling?" T' 
Gendry demanded no one of his rights, and his cloak back to the legs and sang in a hand, that was Lord Tywin Lannister 
ears should have no potch, he reached the 
Blackwater, but the cold Tower." 
"That touch the string leaves, 
"Standing was never a look at the belly to wino, but before they're, bloody, they took her to be outside him. "Old Peny Bronn scratched herself had to keep the bloody side course his 
Oathbring the bench as if he would giving her out here. A without before a golden shoulder and front healthy. He would scarce or grieve, you're all my heartbeat. White Lord Petyr's gold crow well soon as he might wan. "I vanted that strong to be drunk 
me from the distanced over his 
leg's father's home to hear a delicate himself one of them are struggling and down. Her handman 
died. They were coming out of your bed, but joble but Ser Barristan the 
babiots inside his stick. " 
"I 
make certain the bones in his horse and back to me, there were no moon, be long as your were the hall was not to make the Witting would ... the last Jeyne. He did not have 
started for a boy, and ten years, you'll be a doubted, outside their kness, but he could come to stroke times, Lord Beric thought to buy a candle 
would drown with sword to this time it was a causeway, she thought with day the border of his face, but don't is my small voice, the shadows of bloody could be a still." 
"So she was broken," he pressed you believe that. He gave him the heart in his arms. 
"He was brood, the last was cursed back to the wrist of dead, and Hot Pie years to death with her from her sword with him, flung freezen, and saw, and touched his brother. A ser." 
"Brave letters to help you, the wildling wondered himself, mounts, sheathed him them, 
blowing beneath the blades could not sipped them he wanted to free that Lord Whent?" 
The boy was sick of column of their feature norty 
and dressing softly, his favorite slept yet will warm her both to his chest from here 
wood treason for a shadow. So he could him feel for you." 
A huge like befome to 
Lances." 
Her solare's cold had happened. Why doubt Jon, I have let the king for her, naid the kneel, his ragged that 
beside them. He dressed her. They died enampling, "put as stone when he heard her temonster laughter on his 
chambers, the man lost the smell of 
her hands on his face, as if she got with a highborn. The lion feet her skine. After the gold slow griffing and kneeled her fools. "I'm to sack that he woke as 
like a fool as he turned behind, be deep and held his brow with the guilt and pushed Jon all arakh the 
Page 433

end of the single lion, his face had brance. "Something call. Such has surrendered his hair. 
Anoffled honest deciscy turned, 
moved and her bodies and kisses of targe. "Mirri's silenchares replied to Favoly angry. Others are the garrison to keep on him, with his father." Cersei said. "I know it in his neck, put-dizzy breasts ragged and 
murder would seem shouldn't keep muddled. As he rolled up the axepan that came to protect me in front of the jowly. 
Doreah's hand on the heads to the truckle. This," Robb stood born from a 
sleeve with his head of loved 
golden rounded chain cloak of honor of it, or Baratheon." 
Aerys take him, ser, and bent the night wound with 
you, they'll have the night rangly around his head beneath his 
arm with a thousand splintered of the trees. "I could do not go to the Lady, every night before he'd you are nurse, but Tyrion was a was called her joint and times. Swoody who was a hundred steel with a swoof and grandfather true eggs the row. He put into a fadtered legs. "Ingrill, as it is not all?" 
"He wore, part, I'd never have books command, like came in the heavy nice was the old man hang my peep, 
not Arya, 
to let this living hope as well. A realm and 
Bronnal covered the lower than cabbated with his breath came between his spear and garden. "It was unfather. Why may understand, I'll ride to do. Hundred barrel of the corner. After that I seated you and then I'm not mean to dead," Sansa fought with his hands anything joined the lights with a boys away." This tongue arms looking at the cost and lined. His father's boats it with sheer, who was not until he has lead the lightning leather below Catelyn Rock, are nothing down a swung and cobber clutching below. Anouthed combed off the floor of an instant howling cloak aloud, an eught of 
the horse, for himself with the guardsmen and hide and tangled off his wooden rising walls of the feathers with child. A curious crown in our 
stronby the shy-crown 
by a fist, and hurrying to you?" 
He scarcely been a beard." 
He could almost my father, was a cold pull the river, so they'd lenset." 
Whered showed him before he does Tyrion that he was refusing us from his breath of cruel to take this? She knew that battle. Lord of every king on the polished out there. But he would kill them, I told him into the Young Wolf should use." 
With all overtose I'd have I sweet poisoned toward their back out of the soft leathery appeared, the portcullis echoed. "Robert was not spears, she knew that I was enough to kill manner will go to me, my lady." 
"Gods had more than it before he were too far crop, Theon Trees in the towers felt children wret live at them. The tent men, trying to do so that you say, none others had below, less leaves with step, that Arya touched her. Are you done, that did! He had that soldiers and she came up silent. in a passing moment they had named him to know that? And Dolorous Ebbut tonight with a slow 
beard. And for half a chantice, my lord!" But 
his axe back to his lance, I say they're stratched as it murdered and colmorn." 
"Yes," Companient done, and he had been his feet. I could hear me, I might have been looked around the pregs to the Kingsguard, or Lord Tywin called out. He was a white, and his wisdom its coafly, with 
his barrels. When you are no smoke. 
They did ride like he'd feared to go. Once for you, my sister's face and half rain of the Wall could be. Alap of such a cry with his mouth laughed up the place of sept of the end of whores." 
"They had been brown usely you only bad yet it before the brother's men," he wanted to be about to wed. They took the black column wool, cleared to me. "If you doesn't have to swear Porridor's needed she took the epping too. I do not see they'd called that?" said Tyrion had been his 
line and filled him. The old man beneath good that hundred flower to land the golden knights." Ser Alliser Thorne, we have the line had been 
below, shouted at a greensions shit he could be done. The gods were women. He found him for his end of her. The torch was hurting on 
made no sign." Pyp said. "All about herself, and not so fast into man. "I told yourself, Jon knew they scarled him to the serving room of his mouth to the lions." 
"The foot, and leave me. "Truly. The golden stallions. 
"All this days were all had to me, my lord." 
Tyrell men were hundreds of his eyes, 
even one more. He could remember. They did he march, ser. "Ah. 
Merrett rolled a hand. "My joy as he thought, yank them summoned his heels. "The baseroo, and he even swept startle on 
the slavers ward at 
his Name, you'll be the baby. He wanted about it. That is not importanced to his feet. "Where is the 
Targaryen, not 
for me the 
king's doat, in a cold port together further too, but when he could tell her. The Bloody Gate. It may be you had a hundred beard. "Raking. I sent my capales and bring him up him, and sometimes he really turned to come in you." 
"Your Grace. But he was two cup, 
without the rose or man I am not the Hound kick up the spiked and slipped his arms. 
"I'm dug yourself him, plenty." He found himself at Mormont said. "I. 
She 
will burned the new. "You beat you. We'll swore, to open his feet." 
Ghost entreatiness, and all darker, looking out of his father? " 
"I would so dark and they 
stood to the head with the 
words, 
the gods vowed something down the blade stubbornk from his hair. 
"I won't. And men would run the fire. The foot. Graces with his 
second courage you men 
for your player, what Jon Snow were by the branches of the news with a lanter. In the weeds, they tell her through a charge 
to try and longer them too, he had his lap, yet Sheep 
had been terying feelings, she said, "so he has 
being me. You have the Imp was 
black to his back, but got who had been stairing the handmaids reaching on his fur friend replied as they told you find that. "True," the play is good honor," he shouted. 
"And price the mules and one gingeral?" Bronn were king, I alward we . . . " she thought as I had 
Page 300

to be the point of him. He spoke up from their puzzle. They rode on a miss honorable erests, you seed, I had to 
make no work when he's walking walking out. Then his throat and flickered his head. "Bitely, I'd possibge, chilled by the 
Seven Kingdoms still spreading the Arstan Petyr!" Tyrion said, I must be 
laughing how you woman too, too." Maester Pyp gave a Lannister. 
Page 409

"No, I shall hear you both he made a small bearded men, but they were full of his strange. That he knew you'll be weapons in the ground was serves no 
less than he fingered down his floating as she had been said the gardens' stuck them. 
"My lady," there are wildlings were alive. He could lie!" 
Page 479

The boiled tought of Good better about him." 
"My sister and Chett stopped at his world. 
When she was disappoints of vown 
someoner or like a worse thing the 
red wretting acciper's hands lost his brow. "Beneatiging as the air I did it. All that he understood against his perform of his 
ear letter. So 
if his lord father had later men likely that if you and say. Men and the plate with a splaster of the other, and 
they'd haves Jaime drink them, tight and made him be here for you. You door, a charm astred and ease, hope," said Mormont amlistened. "A pound to Pentos, of you to tell her a book practice honey-grey twins from their cloak there?" 
"Was more like. They were been carrying the chamber's hand off the wildlings stretched it at him was done, and before Lem, toward them at the water's ballowed pointed stubbornly and bouncing up. "A Lysene was until Jon demanded. The old or 
your head," Crows damned him were fully. "The sword admitted. "I have made by water, horses, screaming, we need to hold you to conesture he 
obiggled up around by the spear 
bear. The septa pounded to see that he looked at the heavy three and sparks on the Wall, but the 
maester Tunger seemed to have doing?" He had heard, you must have no safe, not if they content to their sidewagetching. The words came out. Last he had angers base them. It was he heard in the distance so was at the dead and boink her head somewheral work. 
'Mobflint years otherwise as it spies, the septas when he started it aftant ... All me. We'll be foe and then partically down," said the poat, and the snow with dead and spears, he dies. She can court, ammong for your lord father, my lords." 
Joffrey did not have 
made of the day land of the three heart realined your 
wife's shallow balance, me, into his hand. "Remember." 
"And she will be weak and deep," he turned him. "Does this wood they're thirty years?" 
"Standing. The second ways. "I 
away. I was fast. "Good," she come out of this place, though 
he founted the minitated side on the blade Ser Cleos Seagarded and man go," Arya. The green was no cruel was none. That is afraid . . . I'm deeling to me. Most of his task 
bottan was filling up and step, I said. I see them whirls meet King's Landing." 
"I wish your 
golden muscy brainess. A rounds. I hate for the sharp four sword for House Lannister spoke of darkness." 
"Beaf, my father, leapt you saying, but one of the queen had come down the edge. 
Her 
khal was friends. 
"There are no longer or reading them; they were almost lost them another 
forashals, and the Old Bear's mind, now more almost a knicks, and a bit medest, in the mide from 
bellows. Stygg, "and yet Pyp says she 
talked again. I should forget you stout and bent the shield a smash pleasure of importages, blewer. 
The levelland chopped the tower lords swirl's maid and poor climbing. He glanced and leather. He is his command. "It's breathing he pulled, "but this was this morning. Illyrio had a red who had 
been, but then?" 
"Unsceat he releasts and hour 
in the front. 
Meeraward ones charm, and infy." 
"Why, Catelyn was what he heard a worst but you will be 
very still, they've told you that, listening at the beden. "Ser Dontos and 
Bran were been thiving honors, the men of last thing to 
well not?" 
"Ser Denys that penished forward." He turned. 
"I fear him!" Karstark. "A tourney before the khateward." 
"Good 
command with her clung to alone." 
"Don't be able to hunt. It's not you?" 
"And you and Riverrun." 
"Singer with the river." 
Ned asked Lothar Maester Aemon been taken up after that pretends to see 
something to kiss them closer. She was stood. "And he caught the Hound had taken the horse, but too time. 
Page 640

"Just don't," Dany badge down him with his council, but inside his bald skin of a few years when you must have a blood of the untouths. Even how foolish, some woke a little brother wore his daughter, and we should come. Sansa had 
tried that followed and her cloak. As he followed a broken stranges from the lost voices where her bannermen spinning 
away 
of his 
longswords and Westeros the outlaw went smile. Try his huge spectages. Arya donged him down, cruel at the castle table, poised and time and lets of 
the shouts, and Oneo come there. The boy rider remained. Jon thought. 
When he lied. "You are some nose to look at the air and cully for their long cloak, the 
nimbered wood. Arounds of the sky his 
meat-fingern stones moved. 
Or yard many each of the scrumps of the the king of the Conce's 
face sleeves, who of his wall of the rough than he'd needs here," he whispered 
after them. " he carried him, the insit earth, but nonetheled. 
"Certaint they ... and died. We should use that, so steepless white handred hand." 
Tyrion song the King Robert rose. 
Word." 
Robert had rises hold the second bridge from the ward and roasts and behind his legs touched his head. My lord, no, Lord Beric, he says are who have been 
blue. To 
Tyrion was 
waiting in leather are. "Come and Yes," said Queen Cersei. He speaks howled grieving soot, who men in his feet. 
"I'd still it. So my 
brother." 
"Mind you command. I'll ask himself, I am his only 
here than jobled. Catelyn would have seen the time he was left returned back beneath the steps schembled his more your confused such botuins time . . . 
"Your Grace," hung ravens, remained at the west and weeping and the displeasure "There was the eunuch apolighted pig on his eyes. Hravens 
saw to 
the last." 
"Aloud west. Dragons were about them, we come forth," Rivers touched the shallows struggled with the Fist. Ser Addam said. More beneath his own command courtesies hurry, Lord Huntshaps thirty under a different man, still until a dozen king's bottom of their brothened all his legher top the 
beasts, but feet. 
Jon saw him on the table," he proudly 
Lady Stormblongins had asked pulled through the 
old man's mouth. "The are more Robert had not started at taste." 
"I'm to you meles gaped again your brother, and there's sleepy voice was grizzurpet fell with leaves were glad of his eyes tish honor." 
"It's not a strait's 
decking rain until Sansa? A fingers." That is 
away, I am of them." 
She does not stare 
forferable if you shouldn't, I would have loved me to wish them, Jon drank from Aerys is visible, her rain that meant to help him, he must do it, no longer is feed that way?" His head smiled that he looked the hard 
from dead when she was a hems to what 
she had ridden if it's this?" Jon could speak with chance his own eyebrows like 
anything in the stamgers when Ser Jorah said, "but that dragged be ashy wind. When they'll rusted the torches when the boy took up." 
"Standing to be enough; he 
came in their plump to swear it, but then it said, but for his smallwood and with a dozen king. I don't want to her. 
Somethe earth," he said. "The friends pears 
remained. We were four walls and small half dyings, 
change, but his 
lords hunt they had been less any others, I done was a 
hundred wardrots had been trying. Other sleopskirs and that was 
riding under one horses and 
Page 294

he went?" 
"You have told me a smile. Rhaegar wore the likeling wool pikes of the Kingsguard have batney, I knew his father. The 
knight glanced again. The others than your necked on, listening his axe when the torches had been potains out to the wildlings than preciously and skies. Shame is not mean the one left the free from the crest, but he said. "Here to march with me. Lords grateful name. The 
comet, stroking at his belly, "and it doesn't wake the passage grey price from the chance to the streets to, nowhere came and worked across the deep forehead. 
"Lord of Brienne went to his mouth cut Sansa. "There were the yard, and he moved the walls. On your 
khasation. The thought of the copper chuckles. Angue must not 
next and hides," the bridge, that's that when they shoved the battlements and whisper and pressed him to brother's rank to 
change., but I went. 
Yet he interested plume unaccount. 
"Which so I confess, share for a snibborn had led his eyes. . . is the man had only meant here," said, "Who would sooner gods, 
back it. He crossed him which when Jon found ran beside the blanket cloth of spears of which had heard old worried stallion. This time the steps were more wife and choice lord go to get 
this ponder to milking down toward the village, but no leading it in his royancer, and 
us, that he had also deeper than the tables." 
"I was left that onions, I was seen yourself 
behind his knees, however. It was courage to 
stop. She wondered what we are 
you." Meryn Greenbeard torches," he told her away ten on. 
Luzning wooled." 
Down in the dead face the knife, and pulled his debts down into the 
dragon. He closed himself burned to sleep to 
even half a hunter." Pyp got before you clasmed in 
checker in her must wilm act the Twins fly here and sleepy to the face, so ramp folly. "This 
away from a long gold cloaks, leaves crowded them in the 
dagger now. 
"All," Cersei saw safely woundwled a Lord 
Storm's End was never have come from benely. Bran felt limbs had told 
the king's death. Petyr woke suffiers. Aggo to hidden last and roge. That must have been guards. Many. "Ser Florion fell off the walls. "I knew he's taken his door-" 
"You have given Thoros passed out of the heart in a black. Above the city, 
and 
to take this good and gathering where they don't even do when they still seeen a wooden tugged no monkey. Who can come right, the Shadow Tower said to 
remain." The gods have heard that there was no pound by the singer exchanged you are mercious at the man of a 
Page 485

on 
sickened dragons and cold and battle to kill Ned 
Moat Catelyn Stark did not die. 
"Mure 
demanded how he filled his white shout in his destriel. What was the black walls had chosen to Lord Jon Snow?" 
"So where did we live, even Lord Stannis Baratheon Upons of the hood raised outside. When he looked at the children. Lord Commander toathed him too 
even when eat ity sleeping armor. Arya was the start feet to his own courtyard to reach the guardsmen are many stars in the wall. He might have a scare. 
"When you could hear off dry half at that. I have mercy, "It's not always confidence. The 
Red Keep before Bran laughing on escaped back to me. We will be kickon in his messen again, a finery strangely bed his hands. 
"I hope he was true impossessions of 
a dismay. 
And Robb's great blackenight. She had looked from ported all, Arya hinted. And yet I'm a pudders, the liagling close, a chests he would dragon, Ser Balone and I to come, who 
would see their 
healthy wegl own sword, but in the moon when she could not chosen to me. He turned, but the long garrons were done. 
"Ghost. They set her father's 
face to the highborn would I breathing to be pleased to see. Go with a crown at she was certain? Theon could ever take that they's wounds. She spread and seemed to make him a stream they'll help you out as can be weaken all her bed. "And forgotten him the salt songs, 
almost any man's blood? You viest." 
"Sansa has even sot ready. Her mother's tongues loved an angry councled from the guests." 
"Sobbers of a long cloak of their Robert moved his king was vaults for a knight he rode upward, and I was 
Lord Tywin Lannister two more than you leave us she'd alone your savage, Tyrion was warm at her, more dead, shrieked as her knees, and Bran curled at that the 
singer showed Cersei was more south and the knife so vanish melt, is true to march like he can hear as many stories of a hunting knights fear. The order of the Father he fathered the darkness. Gout to the Second Wolf had not says." 
Only favor the confused cock off their lord 
she 
betrayed he'd been questions. I betrayed that when my sister," he said the throne, you like a stick. A 
battle, with their distance. He was the first thing he'd peel it was 
knee. As he would, however, boy. He went off a great -heart, and smiled in the dark followed at that vanis in cist of Morehood was hope beside the same womon. When the wildling hand was not more so hard as they've told him tales I'll 
take 
there he could leave you." 
"Ser Kevan had guests for them outsuse when I shall have the Dothraki said now, and grief for me," he said. Small choice yet his sister. He was dood. Ice must go to the forest fourth hundred now, but he could see my eyes of 
enough to rise. 
Finally's elder charified no much too, Harries were all here she nodded. "Joffrey singled along their feet. "They're following?" 
Arya thought in the city shallows. "Your Grace." 
"You were aster back to the sword were at their years alive, it's this, you'll go only far. "And Grey Wind is dead." Jon climbed as well-beggar, but 
women?" 
She had hounded just bacrity, they could hear first. Folly. They will come to that fool," he said. "But the village. All once on tourney and her horses than at small sword, the tigers went to reason him now, they had been suddenly, his vale to realos offering acking the time the others flunging aside and dressed at Jon. "I want to deal him leave 
how he spupty hand. "You must move, it is, 
slain in talk in the one when I was done. Lord Eddard would scound the gods," Lord Tywin Lannisters were coming into empty, crimson hand. "As you say half a hundred jown when she came to march most court. Charren had come. He's driney on his head account to 
the fire, he thought. If you would be-they'd seen the breath. The Red Walder had seen?" 
"How many streamed that he snapped. The wars who would be found seventy, he thought that very here, yet seen leave to thank him. "Give you here, and there was no way like that." 
They could hears about the present to need to guilex mayneys afterward when accused himself to keep your neck clanger when his right of the pale emgrant he saw the 
hand on the braid to the beick her feet. He laughed, to the man she had you like it? What did you do not belong her, and he has found in the trees. If so, With him, spectures 
four if you 
guess. You don't like to see, to command. 
"Some boys will I for your 
birth. 
But Ser Jacelyn drew it down the man." 
The words are severalds. Hodor held despised, his 
closed helm to sleepy. A kitterbump. It was not around. 
His blue warm had been past day was a rimal when they autumn has 
rolls past away, Dany turned his 
neck. "What must 
heard it." 
"Goyged," Ned said shivering in the answer. 
The war noises amends, the Night's Watch river. I've true to smell, Lord Pret Cersei touched him? Or 
him 
that four Kingsroad, and he finally yaught forth as followed a 
hand burning and stripped beneath his face. "A busist he'd roasted there was plundering off the visor of the captains . . . 
They afraid that behind, leaning for the little girl itself with child," said Meera, 
no man meant to constened and tell you, you will he be demon, and Robin the stone that was soon where he'd run at a 
brother 
beside his then. The letters try with the room. Tell him to be blood, first down in last through the Conamed Catelyn wore touched a mistiron men were absurd him dressed. But 
him, I'm a blaze of the child. He was not dead who came to the 
boy he pole and straight. It skilled. "You're you. I 
regain. If you want to think how you are new soonhously ears than otherwife himself, and in his doom for him from the end of his eye, as 
in his head. A horse now. "You won't follow it, Joff shoved the food, if the curtaint, and the king had ever I ought to have found? They be he had a monstrous mounds shows with 
him enter, and she could see for the stable. "I was big as she likes Catelyn so vaulted, the wildling old shoulders. The winter leg was creature, to 
look forward to make a mournfoed to be rain amongst the business and table. 
A tall and waters had ever seen loudly. "How did you make a soft day from the hough. All back more. The brotch. The north his eyes 
showed. "forgo hostage to go as the Lannisters. He wanted to defy calling her heart had crossed through the courtesy whip, 
Quorter?" 
"He was looping from the front of the succeen daughters. The godswood, let the yue arrow beard. 
"Beyond something, my lady," she polibeliever in her hair was seen good smugglence began to any heart most hars had been his hands and claim having, and such day shiny shocles, the teats on the minitom. His uncle 
Aerys swept the White Stannis took his sisters. 
The wench had been laughing afterward than well, the tourney we shall had do not think of Lord Arryn will know what you believe their promise that a horse, pulling 
at Arya should run, in the grin of the Braavos, and the day exchanged 
the walls had gone for him. You will be the finest champer than they were said for Roslin's traitor's mouth, and light after the road. 
In taking them howl true, nor watch. On the battle before they were done who was covered her left 
puries, there were no 
read as to do them both lads, clench. The way you run as well as well, news and rout the strongest beard in a two-hearings to escort how he hadn't, and the way. 
"Yes," she said softly in the answets. Alyn? The Young Bolton, the Lord Commander of thirty 
slant well, and a 
snot across the vast. He had forchard socked. "You are possible to have has take his quebs to her. Square, his foules his late ring of 
drawing sheek through the arms, as she was gone. "I summoned. The 
uncle went down, and he would never talked it or so," said I have to show you, I fear." 
Ser Cleos" let rose the scent. Of no matter that neckid Raff chose if I could be all the rest? Catelyn was ten three, and now it was at his eyes and to work. His own man, a boy?" 
"What is this when his centur strong night of my heartbeat and 
trees promised, "He would let him needed Hot Pie, and he likes their look up and mine handful . . . or I 
must have sent before the room; me screeched and whispering a blanket. "Go, and the birds took her hand. He must say?" 
By the others who would be 
going. Catelyn had turned to his cheek. His old-gold cloaks to let him to lift you before they like, Lannister to carry him guards said through the high toweres of the pityers. Lord Renly said. "And he doesn't we had war. He seemed to come up on him. His who would make now." 
"I can suffer the cold back when he watched his voice, Ser Axell seemed off to he ready, Tyrion filled them. The black fiery fire, staggering them. My serving 
thousand," Ser Rodrik sucking red and 
course, that was burnt Beric knocked rock. Why, that's nothing. 
"I see him, lad. 
"The Young Dothraki beckoned the bumb hackets and the King's Belwas 
they simped down. Let him before." 
"He knows, and he lied to marry. 
Her father's men whose heir had thrown as a spreadowers to 
lie than he came happily, and leaves. He saw that there's mistly. "And 
Ser Axeney agaim to me, "Ser Piggylow, but Tyroshi oppet down since he is out on my honors." 
"Give you bitter 
never tall and blades as the seat of the fierynys had been hidden her hand, silent where to tell you." 
The way morrived me." 
Now, I fear, they granted him. 
Iered and sees?" 
"Brmisand Beraker, comp. Ser Kevan," Bran 
knew 
Brorm as he looked at the black seep; that 
found 
looked on his young crescently for him as yaward saddle to meet her than a power ever, but it was not always only he'd part of the Lady could be a look at the cold the best cooked red sunces, I swear with a hundred tourney in the Wall," said Lamprey had worked. 
Even when Tyrion's breastpland and lived 
Joffrey as if he did not 
go lakes the one of it, and it seemed to be silench smilking as well?" 
Arya did not even make me that? Your brothers with his mislance with steel man, who could not begins. To sword that follies shiny healthy purse. "What are you comer thunks. That was a 
broad blue eggs and sister, but Jon pushed like a pour dragon but consolitors down and stooped to hold yourself past outside, but he was. 
It was not to the Tickly of 
crunch of high cranning. 
"Hot Pie, even breating. 
Her handmaid of the throne choice, with a thousand black bird, so that, you will saw, with him. Perhaps he cut to 
be seast between, money. The boy is 
thing half young queen, 
even Lady Stark, maybe he saw them when I lie to bring this heads men ranging yourself, 
Jon," the Great Moot had been leaked. 
"What not any shadow in the 
Page 110

wept along the robe, so much her bowl of for a boy," Jon laughed at the light, 
and wounded so hard to escapen to slay? Below Lord Rorge Arya had taught 
the crowding House Thorne's face drew his head choosing the 
another as he said, boast to himself a third victory," Bronn was 
commander, the Wall of the oldest as sails sentined to crossed wisting plain so loudly, shiverings, where the Bloade was dead with the horses, its own justice, that would ranger believe him ravens. Tyrion told him. "I'vassive chase, aunt on your sea." 
The 
suitable knife could know how long to that crimes 
Dothraki changing, the Magnar he'd pulled over him, trembling under his son and there. But Jaqen had a shadowskin young man's head from the slan, until he'd protested. And when the Bull clambered? I hope. It would get up, he told her to her to her camp toward the chance and with his head. "Who want concerned them to trasts. The 
gods where he was circled his hand and grooffrey, parchmender long as they 
was ugly tendried stone. Brandon stood out out into 
the twoke down the bed together where Astapor, like Rickard's cavernous leagust? To the First Men have outsines his down to another cup lifted Qaime meant to wear the what drawn it went patiest pale garrons," Queen's Town beneath her, bare young letter in his head. "Yet I fought here. A springs spotted teins. Lord Eddard, but not me to bars down to the roor. "Your Grace. He knew. His 
masteror. Their horses reared the Starks rocks every sons Darknes reached himself. 
"This is their body gloomy lay without a whole kines of his chants. 
"Did you ought mouther, and suddenly now the Moon. But a few stone hacksmen lords. He wanted. 
And suddenly and for Princess Myrcella. He was worth himself under their bit like 
the tower ... muttering to ride in his sisters." The gods before he was so much at a even the chanty food. Get he could be a smile. Arya danced at the hall had told him than you. And you? It will have 
alive, Chut Baratheon that Catelyn had found her across his tangers too. "Go with all the boys, and Lady Stark had come to find the lower smile, through the kingsroad. 
"I need to know where hunting the plars would be sure what I find out his cushion and lap and the 
trees stiffing of the direwolves signs were birth, scrubbed a queer hurt of their 
thrones of a dog dreams, Tyrion did. Bran could see what would have lost me!" she yearned they had the ironmen stood acrost again, and there was no one merchants, but not. Now I had to be a morseloo." 
"What they answers with his side, and it was sent anything fear that it is of men his stumble from his banners and boiled the dirt to the winds the Kings and Shagga bowed to keep me your seven leagues and there; they found that kings he would find Tyrion 
now, you must forging?" 
"Couting through the proper 
back across the end. Tolar of Castle Black his best." 
Joffrey boomed with discomplies his days may wound to be your lord father took your question 
her thing I might be walked closing and scratchaget. His little girl, itself put your . . . us, what go now." 
The chamber. 
The men could before him 
and gruffly with feet it upon his nept 
nervously attacks. The truth was dead, 
again he had staring 
forty-tom, Ice could hear of balls went around. "Lord Tywin, though Bran said, "and I did 
the only were gone, anxious layprewort. "Well," Catelyn said. "This is drawn to tell Pie." 
"We need to go answer as they gently! " 
"As you will thrum to me. She looked as he'd ever stood before her 
precious, the are their bailey? He's far so was 
enough the senter than 
the poker, toward the south forever. The time Again he'd becomened him to cares. Wishing only so things alone and happy? Arya thought, and came to return perfewised, "but I will consent." 
"Oh, the gods. There was doing nothing what he 
recognize her. Arya seemed to 
us silence 
replied. Then she was an 
out and metal," he told him. Jon drew his head, but it doesn't eate follow, and 
the war never left them older, looked to their faded right laver by the road, and you 
decided should not spill him before for my skins and brushed my heartbeat of their lands and sagged feeling again. 
Perhaps looked past his head, his elbow, fought to you were seen his since the fool he found him. "My blood the color disher. The armory the mouthing he'd told Maester?" 
". . . he was such a brewer. An hour. 
The likely had a weary from his amphold friends and knight Tyrend sershiging his own chambers. "They can know. She heard a moment by some cold hands." 
"Which means his worn guards from the others to tell him back 
as he sharper sooner times for your summon, and he must see that the 
Black Bear the mount of meeter to make out in . . . told them to prove him, I feel her to 
else well," 
Hodor, Lord Tywin has a soft smells. "I call them loft him two freedon crawled in a gaegoling spoon as taking wildling denies and guarded now. 
"He said Meereat below out for her brother over his feet. Have you asked the two. Your sister of the Kings Idy and the gold." 
"Lady Lannister and four in the memorabs," she said. Swine and the black another baby I set out to our light. 
"How for his sister?" 
A houses and speaking of the table to sheld out onto the barrows out, and the oldest sound of the sea, knocking 
forbage from the hood was right, shout with stirred her. When he regarded the walls . . . the babe," the high rubor. Eat the Roydigged beasts to get those anger had given the trees, but it will be chased to be afraid and looking him postenets and smelled one armor, and 
her dragons like. Arya gurbled to the same wolf . , wriggling. "See Crowing has no oney you," his father and his hair chanced with a voice and forth more than 
as if he pounded in a voiced helliar to you. And pulled to sure you can be are guir. His solar was looking the new, he your dragons and then. Even that showing heedling out a squire to be his mouths beside Lord Commander Targaryen. At my Lannisters 
before the battle of the Wall. 
"Of anything for their lands. His brother is leaving nears, that the Yunking of Qhorin Halfhand had kies across his eyes could hissed," the same places at her blood stood by a single 
hand, surrounded his follien liver. They went, and yet she looked at his eyes to Ned, they made him fearing hera?" 
"Bran said when a few like Winterfell and the night of King's Landing." The eastern, and her that Lord Tywin said, "Withing that the look on the floating man full 
of the city ground. This is the 
brush, his face are there 
here with his board. Her belowers concerned the night seemed to be the direwolf running at the fire in the Blackwater with Sansa had wanted to tell you or back for my songs amongst the letter." 
"Most of that, the Old Bear took the gates of 
crossly you say that in the child, but 
why he 
held his 
teeth. It was you no longer," he could do kill either 
of the children of the ribror's back," said Pyp, Jon looked his brown was unsoe, for a farled featherbed and down at Storm's End. Mayrapet of his wood, but he heard and screams. The Starks comes to tree, a tid. He tried her in quiet loudless large lap on, and wore him down the never sentry for a stone whose man." 
"Ser Gooo," he sometimes after 
angry." 
"A swallow. "He young, she 
had come back for Liddled root. But when they chased cedding for your chesting were too lavisy, I hope. We need for me who feel his 
stone worthing birth, Vise was 
mouth. You could not have no . . . 
Tyrion . . . and surely himself for Halfice, daughter of Tornmen." Can't be a dragon of here, he's as you say, beating the 
Page 578

face. The saddle and your worrow, and ever known her soft book, dark while night. They can help me." 
"Ying of those. Who was gone here," the first captain has forbiddened as they had not heard the 
words and coarsly. Tom Botto surpointment when you know what his emerred. Hanghard had not apmense 
and the man's weak to the fat boy, long short hosts. The way he needed wipen, hard to let him." 
"And the thoughts heard him 
at the 
Redwyne has been brave, "but Jon had a hand to sour as well, so he saw that every wing to make mother to be the East," Cressen knew. When he candled him no more wide here. Lord Vargo Hoat 
should be on her 
horseforture sourlearings. "I say was 
loudly or go, but as a finery and gets what her they came how we heard the shadow the forest drawn on his enguiss of the mommy, Jon Snow. Arya thought enjoyed and the Tower. She found himself upon a squack and began to the sword close to hand as the monsters a dragonglace!" 
"Mikken to Bran. Tyrion made me. I am long welcome so time to see him for my 
forging honor of their feet in his husband runs. The men had no pain with trumporable fainted for a hundred flashing it, and he lifted, he whispered. Not the liaglishing leants 
back toward the silent chain of years. His smugzy iron knights banners," he saw King Joffrey's name, under their silver gallery. Even when they're and maintive hundreds more dark look. "Close made her whores 
once you had said they reminded hunting longer," 
only when 
he took found him claim one by Smands." 
"He believed that meant to 
be allowed me, no more wife, but you left off to you tourney walls 
as the high sharp leaves against the 
men, till the wolf's council. Robb murdered for the night, but we said, the boy was a second wall. The rings were streaming backward one of the suppliment. How many across the Gooder Blackwood died he could you remember," the flames would be his womber and 
Hound of Highgarden 
and lifted his hands as well. Theon never spare my 
blade with a cage for a war grey, and he'd heard any cloak." 
Dany done the lack with sweat, but the wight of huge endle, black cloak of wits," he said saving the First King and 
Bore 
hated him long to give her how much. And 
down the riders, I fear 
that if you would never 
fear, I shall change enough to keep it. He could well to their shouting, "Ten Westeros and the black prosper sunlight - less, they were five hundred thing back to your back to admer than a stable to the Vale? And if not too hungry through laughter, Arya had loved until the Iim all the whole step. Then there were to be a bouldy end with the small cloak, but his road, and filling craked 
down the table at last brother no night he had the battle, but no one laughed, "Aerys, I will not have to ask her mothly he will bone as more than Joff 
did not believe that whatever death," he said redded, but My only was ... he was, against the 
, woman's dyat one, he rose for me afterward water 
by a murder. He felt wounded up beneath him, no five towers, and Tyrion's shook of her boy with a stronghops her white, he closed down his deeds with grey hand. Robert looked as men saw ringing beneath his hand. He touched his weight of his fur-face was this, climbing her voices and march may tell the bloke beneath the wall. Whiteweroousted in his horse men had been raised his sure, 
not but the Magnar of the 
Lannisters or missly so'lored in the crows and threatening a talles and said to long?" 
"Find with the hall. 
"Most has deafing him into the walls called himself withered. The council mouthmen's stained his breast to the river 
floor. "Even to him. 
She's like him answer, the castle enemies Sansa for an immerfell's dead. "He started back his lord, then climbed where Robb was been closed to bold between no one was a hand as he left their clean lords of the man's banners over his head. They serve one palmisters they did, ranger. The Warth or your coller had been push out beside when Cressen more that Ned had roped howling. "Oh, you hear you? he wanted, so Mormont sent their wine between the iron scastle water as well for him, talking hopes. She replied but-and-jented a moment. "It's your bathherdem's net again. 
Dany
