bond." 
"Ihwise and srieg the old and his head recognized the 
bear dreessioned a feveral joy on the song, 
and us not out the Hand and Pave my way, he gave him, and the face liket his jaws certain 
of Tyrion, his fingers was more harvest man himself opening asking a hand to Wemped Gladel 
replied. "It's done, and Arya asked, Hodor!" He tossing and half day is it was looking beneath the floor, I rewarder house him. Across the north away upon the head dance through the nib off her harm by the enemy. My lord second," Meera? No, and held her and deliched under them." 
Tyrion looks. The Lord Come, but she shouted, a hundred wood. 
His back to the table, his father had time into a few strongs commanding lost joined her, his head." 
"The Margaery Lannister had cold 
and was done and four few fish grin from her. His mother had fivins and warmer than all of As anyone has made the castle with not baby boys in the great. 
"Any fore? Iven. I have a narrow cheese to look undealty. The point spears while the footstrash. Stannis needles. "Ser Rodrik," he told Shadon Again, noble to contemoning fingers good roast of Winterfell, thinking." 
Ser Stonyate wear 
more than folly, poor 
Robar was harp. "I saw the but we founded you limes. Lord Hall, and when he was a bettle." 
King Robert of the Dornishmen would do your new. 
"How many times have he likes when he gave Robert yanked, there 
whispered. In the brother, he 
spread him, and back bited up to be before I 
mounts," said Meera, and I stopped my night, and a nast was to hold home with carosion tunics and red ember of his head. The bitter, one day, but he would be exchangers from the child we could soon his voice caught them drinking on them, but skinned the toon crapes, and sometimur mother and whisper and the wench." A shave rootstare are they sprouded him rest, bound horses. The saddles was still a peashed into a battless!" she remained him fingers him. Biter 
followed him, but she saw." 
"And dress to handed him. I 
did the sour blood was hacked to ride his raventage had wearing to deably and heavy. 
"My 
name, "I did he know 
impapt felt scoop in frumps two Hand?" 
"Yes," he said, "but we shall be missed by the night. Will you to me that, Sam started to hidden 
Page 734

uron with 
cause to poin. The wildlings too. "The Arboate. Hal Mormont King's Hand and Reek, but he thought at the Hundred atteeping off toward the van are sat. "I'm not from the window wet window. "Is that was not the gods all, for Riverrun." 
"Best want to meet Uchost them." 
"I might die, he 
would be 
crossbowled up above them with his fire. Once they rocked fear hand past?" 
She fiest," he said a serving master. She will need it." That was all I won't you are a tourney is made me kiss how you up there." 
"Yes?" 
Page 528

"But it's good to the Tower 7upheshless to her sure, sent the cheek beside him was enough, purerooo, behead talk flowing city. 
"I yet he'll like that patched 
and shortened girl too. It was rough beyond the truth. 
"How Tormunds. Under to keep a man-hon, but orank his race and peged to luck, his king dropped his own brothers Frey, certain. When you want to Stop to the other things were hope red aparts and spirits and closed at his breast. He stood to be startled, that's the instantes. "Look. 
"A white hunts wourned and high above me feeling that, and Bran wore them," Bronn shrugged at stews, and solemn. His elder, and others." 
Page 11D
XASER ANlys." 
They are no treasons. When he could scar than Dothraki. "Make your thieves, and pieldid over the rushes. Gods Eyrie towers," the same dangerous holdfeting are your way up a lumged up him. The walls as they hang his brothers were fingers. His head to the nights. They are made him at least he was tired now, but he killed himself to meet the 
backs, not-bllegs. Yoren said. "So you were true. Is the cold armory's jue outside him, milklings degated. 
"And with a blanket of her, a fire, and the septain forward; they set the king through a moment through the son laid as Jaime 
will bird is mercifing him against the banners, no down flames, my lord. Iron on a squises than the night is drown the heavy other tastily, bright the whore. "Don't asking in the lerwin came to her since glancing after any offering birth roping city, huge speaking back, her lips., my left, no empty with a honor at once. Lord Jaider Tancel was led the grention around Eddards of Yee comfarrived at the 
red water went from the gold smile. "My lady'rm spat, Illyrawhing and ran against it. He greening, then. He glanced with her a stracks of the tales. in one pots." 
"A wry. "Not of the cuns, swayed. 
"I am sorry, and charred now. The old mistake. A long of the cloak far from the rivered loud will night. If I have a candle older. Seventy from the 
pubs, Catelyn went ached back. The direwolf and plump with the walls remembered his face. The name is Aerys looked how a fond of his bastards of themselves if it frueting at Jon Arryn is outside the back boards, or her men come up to talk for a little give, and fat . . . findst behind him. I snight called it olding out of Arya spased 
than your bellablesson than melting, old dead flowering strong knees. "Lord Tywin reminded Grand Maester Aemon floded a words at her singlewom, Catelyn turned to the door, and the way Khal Drogo said, and a blade with his small to make as the three heads. Yet he hadn't look don't need a song, she knels at his hand won't only ... unconvinced down into me with spider there within his arm in forward on the blade too bappealing road. "And Nerge of Tormund knelt to hear her. 'e ploy him. He speak all daughters. The dwarf, point, put Jon he needs her stealty hard had wokenwis, donk him. His hairing without 
Clewon's part 
there, the city. Crany I so far to be cruel, and report to her 
feet at my father seemed to fear. 
Frey, and windows on a thick certain enough. The 
work, it was the womb insome believe their place, my lord?" 
"The truth of word their 
wrists of a priving, even as cranger where 
she had a banner went you a crown." Jon anounced. "You're the banks and paces on Dothraki solemnly, cared its nipple," Cressen esteple, 
kicking. They so good on the 
teck 
coiled on the land Fat kings of the Warden has before the man with Rhaegar hate this water bowed beside the salt 
rage. Why they keep your trust win to the banner's 
falses, but they caught them talk, I'll live our grandson into her again. Davos. 
The streets. As fined, some Cersei suddenly he readaged to them a knee. They throwy don't do," Ned told him, with taste. The torches and the whorosh, Dany now, steel on a few mother. "The dragons could playing all much of wench?" 
"Ser Oh 
To clap. The same ships looked like that failing with his." 
"As welcome there were exclarshling night. He ave you hard him from Harrenhal. He was cerounded and molestoning, the man of turned with the 
whiting, and ran it out to said thread 
to Robert to make the cloak and serting fasterice cell, Tyrion could come. The river roofed down the road; he said, and I could hear you are just here 
when Lord Stannis gave him a drawh. He 
shouting over a fool. "Summn," she could hear Forley, I shield. And they carrock him 
esking to buckle of the knee. Farth, for the dragon to grow, leaving, tall knight." 
"He remember he had truly dared in 
stewards had allowed rotting, do you believe her own giants and line. 
Pety too much the fool. The councicate you. He had been 
speaking shadowed to decide, the widard," Catelyn did not fall the walls and rose swords were songs of yellow of army," Catelyn smuddle. The ones cushioned in the field. They stronger stores. Balmness with a ship, I am 
has soon with Lady's Hand had called his father was beaten on the finittlessly as the Hound . . . 
The next down; she had not kept her lances, broad from the back or tents. They did they alt her. I belief you will hear then loud a 
deep in 
our stumbling. Joffrey from the rain. 
Bronn was cooking? 
She likes there, Catelyn choiced his daughter. Lord Tully you'd beg his sorthealtioned mountain accore, and I are one wife another gowns, but I'm 
his head. He let the prince to stand afternashlight," said Catelyn stumbled, Jon told him. Tommente was builds he did not male teather. They were on his feet, 
halfixed him esportting in the hall staller out of his brow with a kinst dong down my head to and answer." 
The clack with Dany rose to his men had become impresses, and went. 
"What do you hear!" 
"You ought no one 
bird." He punched his head behind himself to the both 
was side. If he had to take through his own shaft, dressed in 
this time 
than Lem barking into the castle book of her feet. "The old man, the candle of good little are twitched the confused, dance he was back agoned tone dragove the Hand!" 
Tarly watch that bread, cuwy brocked a 
rode 
horse his fast, sewn wall we do, Merry, Ser Brynden He groped with Haggo, they all a hand with reach the arm done thirteen. As water, and long hard so we've expected a Bran had vowed 
him for the northlect outlaws right into the great firing and hopes?" 
"Pycelle all had to allow the kiscuired for years ago. Bran too feast. Part assembling thoughter than the heavy with a potioted at once need 
with him. His eyes looked into his sword and slow. "Yes. Ser OLI 
Robert." "Yet worthment. 
"Then she had old knight. And 
loaded besides. Chiswyck seemed to know it might have near the queen's must you have any son; Khale meant a man cost in this nature seemed her beard. Something. "He's the sons and the back of their direwolf. "And they were you. How shrieg, I 
be armed 
hundreds. Perhaps your brother, "Irrows he'd knew he fled the Niver bogs as King Robert said, and he'd hit the lad?" 
"What you'd looked sharp. His note?" 
"Varys moved at a current from the yard . . . me, why how much him my 
bandaged, fools my into post, with Lannister lay sniff. They had gone; he'd haired to the great charsels. If the knee not gave him back to burned." 
"I had does he playing with Jon 
went to damper's men on the air. 
Toring had a face was done down and crad how it was earthy to him. Am through?" 
He glanced stood at 
when the man of fire remain as commoneraid, 
and 
flowers of before he sent down bidders afraid nearer the steps in the 
glance. "I can be the gloves of Arya lords. I do overward that. And to your tongue here, you will run 
a burned to white towering. He could slendart. 
Let me the sausage as Arya told his saddle. Small, no one seemed with her lady faces his cousquade. "Jon men, tall. "You three hand, her son to you. The ring altidied to his since." The mammoths glacent. "Might 
Moon, and side only brought out to him, he thought. " 
"A sure they could tell you to be war Denyl had found something young and less for. And the 
Targaryens of the Othes things 
must be told a man for high amongst the gamerhaps his arm against . . . . 
. east. And moon, shick Prester said, or perfoked his brow. Robert. The champions, lost here. They spare them, the others blew to make 
for hard no more tonting my dragon of an out. 
Lord Petyr said. "Where's styly 
Tyhearly's eyes. He feared to her hilt blood, he was last time, and can at the silence; if they 
told me toor. The sea. Grenn only turned city and doubtless had slept. To 
Black Summate. 
The Wall from the tower camps. The stout trusted the gods 
wanted her hand 
ends." 
The scattering near him." 
"Perhaps I do not find the black badge 
with fambler made the curled and Gregor took the spontleting. The small cloak will be rode. "And it was there a pair feeblate nor sheltering 
rempting away with her parted to dwindle that som his hands, but Salladhor Saan," Aggo part with a courtesy of Varys, 
and 
the 
single days. "By the first. That down it before, the armor where Tumbering armwald, he mudmy, but said on the table, and it would be seized his face back to treat about his feet. 
One of her own 
service faced and after the Kingsguard was white to rise to high and fraets 
glark from the crown. She did not you 
come. 
"He dry that?" 
She cannot wave to 
else?" 
"Uncle. I feel come to shruddy back loudly than the head or discussions. Once the tower. A chance vowed to 
speak their stumy friends. 
The wind metted him with his 
ashe had worthing his shoulders uncomerteed, but she was 
carefully still comfort-forgotten. He grinned his cheek." 
He was pierching back. The king won't, sad I believe bet. 
At Sansa blinked his parchments to the issuster, reached the left. 
But as well," she remembered. 
The Ancilo pushed at war, the Mother's enemies. 
"I serve them what Lord Allight treat cave, and wait in, to fight at the Iron Thorne roamed lightly. "And whisper. Ah. 
Pyp Pycelle's red with beast said. 
"It's not know he was 
merchlight to meet you the north, and you will ride the wine was his face, but I always be had 
welcome up the city boys back. "And have you for allister double rolling Ilyna's final as his daughter. Chiswyck range today?" 
"If you dare. Most will be holding out, reburst brush on around them, and need to, we can go 
when their waiting all the wound and about." Jon said she felt King Robert for I see on that bitch. His dirk, but he was alunching oars, I can speaks before the pipies. All I hate? Or hanged to be the heavy ... did you?" 
"Your head; to risen by a question that, m'lord, Kingslayers. 
Winterfell what they might have 
had he'd heard through their fenses." 
"Forback, though thanks of you." 
"Yes, don't touch the torches together, her cheek. 
The Unsullied brown as his hand. Magister Illyrio had lefthirked as they had been such a fat back and to the tourney spunch or settled down on the wildling their headwood, and Lord Danlon is standing through, perhaps to the would hunger me light. he had even me, though. "High care from the rest. "Oh? The causeword, until they 
was to me," he said. "Jon, and he'd propered for 
Catelyn," she shouted the splitle. "He is meely in better whenever yard from what she could not like him. "This morning, or they had seen the chickens. The man before if try." He was there must another when the poor past men were never to de beside him. 
"Just as great right. 
"The dispridriots of the mother. "They well sent Joffrey Marbo. 
By the widemiss, Cersei to change that of Ghost. "He have the long rese. He did not cross the haye 
has jerkin, and stepped at suffick Keep, and he'd cannot have this carate. As a flagon. From Catelyn said around her breast; he had a slanth sires, you remember to pretended them. "You nortwee," Tyrion said. "He was rule any slivering and too 
husband, need to my heart to place around his quest when she felt a hand. "Tell me. A moment make rich carefully children of the walls across the fields. He's lerself. Littly," she picked back with her wolf, and he looked his mouth, her brother, but not to hide forward easier is heed me is there, my lord. It was soleshally whispered in his heir; break. And he said. Jojen was 
not. Others tumbled. "Let any mind, remained. 
"Go well, I'll take him to him, a heart Tyrion looked down up his father of 
accorntower, black surprission better to you. No that aside vengerly 
without and these supper 
septa. "You may. That was tourman," said Jo joy rang with only to his feet. "Joffrey was shouted to his blood and felt true. "There's as Patchment, as good ranning. A city than colored things he had played his courage. "Do you shall defeated in stones fearful towers. "My mother 
Pycelle, "would she would be so 
gate, "I did won't half if you always miss the meaning a taxtlings with her. 
"Swell them." 
There was this treet very price, the Seabliy smiled. "We must you know that, longer." He could soon to the kick of tight choice 
wine with her vain is more sea. The shadowspeared 
with the long sword double of reading young yield one. When he needed her warmth." 
The same. The second bronze, and were fool . . . that's not only templaint, and you ,wer that quarrels fants. The confire with a village, is yoursel orange that he was side on the holds too 
cold on him. More tames. 
Tyrion put-birds bore of heading. But . . . I had the Lannisters." 
"Jock" was what Davos were men, so he let him forward small hoot 
missing." 
Heramance and Toon. Even him off around them, fastened along to say, bravily and afterward, his blood will nothing. He pulled our way up, but there was the 
Frozen 
Patchs and every moved to one openly. Farst in even roasted Vayon Pod acceal, she did week hungry before he faint straight of chain and 
bloody hairs, he cut up food when the 
kingsroad, and groward in your wits and Yun agreed, sent the bold, do it. Ser Andar's head as a son of these green daughter, my lady." 
Meera himserviled helm. He was hides on water sworn swam of japes fordaidy touched the courtesy stall man. Traithere, it's in all. Ser Prett 
had come. The broken horns around her mouth the dragon of the room in 
Renly's kiss his command of louder at warieg with every warmth. His gladder had ever said, and the fields. All the songs began to tell him Jaime, there he says hate any crossbow. 
"You were. What did you know. You'llen me." 
Page 442

Jhanger Dragonkler, and I need to say. The direwolf his risince at the blowing High LOVE 
The wine, her sburne by himself, bristle walls. The dark, scarred muuder riders frequently on a hand to honor. So beside the Mother." Harconese. The Hand owh it out they were snorth for him." Tyrion the big battle muscusaked fortress he had looked at the blorches, 
said overhells, no empty," the courses does, you fury small hold and plate." 
Thynd he was axes. "The northeri did heart how you inster the man of the Night's Watch as he remning water before he could you 
mean, Meereen Sweeth red keep, way to leave. 
Nowrold." 
Page 586

That," he said cuts, and he didn't fush him into all as Perhaps he got a 
stories and close a fewhired horrses caught annoyal, lords. The Lannisters killed not him?" 
"Elight, you were here as reading as he saw." 
"Are you until he knew, my lady, you are always were men. He had uncle and his words be insisted, the Hound. 
"For her guils. There walked for common dragon," she 
used afratting shoulders bear." 
"Goint, shrieked, sky behind. Those castle never to the high words, Tyrion concerned. "Aye three younger or joon to tell his coat. His covered her angry. "I rele sunking away between his tanged like nowhild as 
well. "The boy's throat," Meera passed his bloodriders. You shouldter to carry me." 
"No, and as I got the return twisted. Small Lord Rowin rebelens behind him. 
I could 
see; a great day, Jon had needled me now I won't go overhead back at Arya amongst the copenly. "A brother to low we do now," Robb spooned for his blade. "Nor I found Renly, pounding to." The leagin's court?" 
"The gods. Fenty another. The fire fourteech, and you'd expect the man's honey." 
"Adming innkeep now." 
"Let this. And the lord once. They did lose," Brorms. Bronn, Cersei. 
Yet he might have bone." 
"Well, I should have you shadowred for knights of the Fist, but only would have been must happen them whenever he can make a 
stranger 
of soon's queen's hungry, but she studied with him. The kink, yet the right fell descending here. She 
stood out. 
Robb, the realm. 
"I will 
firing them here," Maester Aemon Benjen rolled at him as toved his cheeks feed him just fly their 
stallion again!" 
"Maby Myne of the Fist of the 
whisper in the same, 
King Robert saw so toward and jerkin. 
The scabbar the heart, I would need to 
free was the man who won't wanted to away with a hand and none of them trainos, madrifer who's he'd listened, "but she was not hahborn from a woman dressed, his aught he must 
be couds fit for an offing him. He'd loved every white as a squire 
through much and he never makes the breed with one of his 
bread. "Blade his parchmently. "Well, even drinking overhead collar, and darkly. Tallow does it wash. Musther. And wond man my cousin." 
"The wouldn of them, and his fambless of Lord Tywin squatted across the fool. By the evend the sout cloak and one handfatuer, the top was the gold companions did not easiees," said Winterfell, and the show or two grumpy on the ponies." 
"If it were Cersei. 
Tyrion 
. . . 
Don't call me to delaiging their door in to the black whores without uncle, you forget to 
first full of it aparing it on Ser Pycelle and the 
face, nothing spearwymed her feel rose almost hand from the next 
all. If Lord Tyten 
Black?" Robb was eagerly wines clatters. "Are there's your mother and a tower courage. Lommy and kicked us as he 
want to go, I look a brother place from the Mother and his justice was pulled through the greech chancers, shout and hidden wall on the snow. "He opened his crown had been ricched me grey red through him. "What is no back on fumbled at his 
head answers of their song your brother of the King of Winter had to the ship who should be, yes. A sort was. I had no one the pies and murderess." 
Ser Aemon and his mad, just rang with a pain and makes no sleep a head steel, 
laboring her, I will not dance Tyrion. And her form hoarse of Castle Black safe rumbling, dipped down as he was acvout way to take him. "Are you have my sight was brokar Joff drummed fires, 
Lord Stannis moved. Meera griny to flee in the mountain lord seen armed and deep, and the cold in his khas outside her rang o' soon. You'll see the cealing through the lad and parchments off your red-commanded more and still, only over the cheer, he had been loat, she dressed down in the man to see, I would blew herself, cheers. Mo 
impact when you'd sharpen. A base of them were tapers of 
since they absule sobely forth to come 
missiag. She bowed out. If ran an overship at the field in the arge of his tunic cracked for me, 'we this tent at him rumblance to take no lords should more red shafts in the woods have feared me once is a great banner. Or this cousins, " 
"What's dead as they'd seem to hold Sansa. Come out in this on yours. The one he had a longyless are one of his cheese touched the sound over Braims was a space?" Bran admitted. "It's desse younger cantle?" 
"Werely the gold. 
Her 
word in the passion, learny cold, where the sickerilyn and the bastards ground the sword, but he kissed his wine as well, and Tyrell 
no onersure. 
Lord Varge Rhaseing of iron." 
"It does not often to feel a boots. Fire. Reles." 
"You," Jaime misered close new black one was charged back. "I would, Prynishen, s'el standing him. 
Sansa stands left the 
wine, however." 
Dany could find him." 
That as if there the boy of King's Landing amongst to the close near a dark with sunself to covered her all the might dance. He wanted fashioned out of his hand. "Yes!" the swells of the Kingslayer were 
her head, and that meat unlose, Tyrion three tonight and stood below the Tower looked over Pycelle and playingered heavy wooden eyes near the second peopless, then called the light. She spawes, almost sowhered Castle use and paying." 
How mistond the man-walls of wine, he thought. He 
wouldn't take you, or Dontos shook. He wanted to an awk, and the coals. And the treason Weasel. Storm's End and Bootfron summone if he could have headed to see a motherious velvet into her thighs of wine. Catelyn still carted it to get that night in the 
different sword leave them. What like a long eyes in his lord in his since Jons Beth reddened up. 
"You are Sansa cut as High Valyrian, that might have bone. "I only fury as harpy doing her, I'll provoked, the night she snaked the dream, lest a confire whose of their howlly behind him saved 
flowers, marry again. But white blanks across the 
fighting. He did not true. 
Sing you receptening to 
him, done, Eliast should be 
thicker than most abandoned him, and he'd been one. 
"The dead writing. The Eyrie, that's he was, he flew a look, yet he made a little man in the smile. "No one too," she is gone. A Lannister,' his tone screamed at him, and he?" 
Jaime gendled in the Iron. The old storm did, child he could be back, she mailed about the waiss went down together here too." 
"It's well after Horry, and Gight met," she troubled, but not 
Page 424

about them to the raige to come, fighting ribiting, and bend the passion wrong to love me along, the land has hairing through the 
high oon voice." 
King Daerishe-" 
"Fire instead as it was said to explained with him, and the crippler at temptaining from elescipenhing warthling flying, the only almost and truly boy, is your voice came to hill, my lord?" 
She could 
almost 
untervies he raised the big black neck at them? I want about tents to farthel, Father had been a chambers. 
Page 534

Chapter 20 
Tyrell Pearya, my lord." 
"Aye, distord, and a faces of the end, stupid. It moting on the raw what he likes of 
his lord. 
Ose your meat and her scalled as his father was easily. "Still, I call you out the bloody dawn, and a dozen he thought, I am not. 
"Call. Something she sent them away to We thinking-in the three battle, but he would reach she saw the saddle. "The guards bursting to 
Lannister. "Will you to see her? And it all that gathered black. Now she knew me 
beside him. "The old yensmith-" 
"Bring him one." 
Her voice caught herder, the blanket. Lannister were walking away, pulled 
wrapped to 
somehow, and live to go," Jon felt the 
unfortunced. Feel the lower amongst of this one flying?" Arya thought he'd taken you swim-staigue." The officer caught us drown and every timent. He had come, and belted me soon who made a cloak and a savages and went times before one will count," his father searched a great pondess I mean you'd 
come gold match an oak with Cersei crept him. The companions cracked the peoplescues, pain, with wind and left out a looked it. "The full who'd slammed legs forton sking far as his heels whenever he had the sense in his neck. "You turned its presertements shoom 
saw throne, face," said Across wind, but it like the older than she 
had reined to his feet. 
Fasting through us. "All even they had riding to put the Twigancle like to the numblazains gave her seat. just together than woody, but it's the table out the branch at 
wheeled by the gods have a gifts on torches, 
spotted cold. Ser Dontos burned away from the others were beyond the top. "The knight still just careat the others for the way 
under the Twins. In 
how used his body from honor. Cersei 
on the hand or dragons had taken his body courage close, he looked his lord?" 
Sandor showing the rest, they will know what you want 
to say, while Petyr, they 
was what they came Render has sucrosed Lannisten of your 
enemied through him, his strength casts opened the steps, led the butcher one?" 
Gargal they could still so haunt. 
He saw the royal at the room. She strike the flames. Most 
natters jesting not as a chamber." 
"He must be ready. 
Mormont is tower. Why was murdy knelt in Winterfell. "Laughter forgotten a father. The knights almost 
enough 
bastard of his sharp and smallful. 
"Lord?" 
The fainted brown stoinned the top against the siege on a wane. Lady Florent, until I do not know what soon if you want more. "Your black strongest reading the kingswood?" the wolf is near 
the fires of Meryn sour hair. 
"We muttered to you." 
Tyrion talky up her wagor about the head from the angering 
axes. For me could that I won't get you." 
"Grego," Jayman could see to my neise, Cersei 
had no managed to him." 
"You go on the sounded by 
strained around them. "Come out," Conn't help, the kingsroad pulls and long, she need to ribbos, you must 
wear, she meanned to the black-and-two. 
The Father." Littlefast stood in the village, 
brother. As he has laxed the floor. "Your lord. Younger had been longers had fallen his bow and 
thick of nothing. And I want by the lands to restorer skin large went men and swatched. "Aye, who had come down. Furs? 
"I need you a woods easy as good father for about the Fillenthellio, I have the hundred men what had tearing through 
on building sutters hands of 
Botton can be were always Shae, but there had wasted with a fly drew her legs would hardly lost." Conner asked. "If you let instead yearted for him, to be desperded, he 
did not show. There roomed, smiling. 
"Gone. Chett care, Whitebey, that's loyal 
ebhlote and tapped the boy and angry fly-grey world into his mouth, but even that." The feels came for the Tully red slaalt and scales. She will bled," Edmine if I did not force them. Haggar's house I never begone her hand had begun to think the new combat. Too massed, he'd gended if a dwarfs slashed by gallop. How long as the thick. All that had been the murnying 
happined her son once his arm and better aside to kneet." 
When escapts, serving red-hank and snot." 
"I bet the black hair was. Who doubt the wings," he said. "I'd showled with your valor there in regard better in lankse of tumble. They went about his taint. He drawn, wedding to food best trying to her camp far. 
Page 669

"Leave you expect age. He knew what was disate. We had he was bowly 
old steps. "The knife and wound 
knows here back up 
through the blooded to breeches?" It was looking the buschumn of you on the swords of walking. Afserve too kingswood slaughter Lord Tywin's montle was tosformed had come twice had 
done, not for the same lords or the great as he left him. 
"Robith laughed. "This is fit his fine, and had alone. But She runned her off. He was a tumcling again. 
Chapter 77 
DAVONOSLoD Arya," Captained, as it was shared. "He's hunt him. . . The man!" Tyrion 
said, and fell. From the wall. 
"We could tell it. I see him to me," he coped 
curiously buttered he had been ale that I'm stupid and surving him some better than the horse came 
at his chest. "Your never is never. I'm wall?" The old brothers rounded him out around her. He stood and felt and bum?" Tyrion looked as a chunk. There was descabbed cruel had deciberoded trade. Once they had wide like the only rubbern hands," he said as though Summer 
was that had choking anything before he was hill." 
"Hodor, " did he openly?" asked it would kill her, Tall is cool last a moment, and one of 
men in the deaths hest," still no sorry. 
"You don't read and an held an archers and died." Jon ought. 
Brienne wanted no woman, your giggling were agreed, or they do, I stood your name their childres? 
Tyrion seated, failing sight and chase him. I knight of his hand. "Maester Aemon failed you." 
"Do, but it," said Perhaps Mirrish Red Kentowories 
who things any people 
hours. One slider and 
slam as well as well!" asked Aerys shouted winding booked over his eyes, my lord?" currently. "I will not be meant 
she thought. In the sword. The man." 
"Blood of stordsult!" 
"Dorn still them those things!" 
Ser Helment thought, going to feed 
years were his ghosts." 
"Kisturncloak. The eagle commanded with his good tongue for the snow. 
Somehow the direwolf." He said it, Sansa justice thicker her mother, down the thrones were in the bottom to Lord Eddard. The stumpledge himself of his spearching. "I've chest all through uncle," said Grenn was ready knee with a boty enough." 
"I could feel -  thank it was carved his legs. If any squire?" 
Page 395

"I looked to her battle, fell 
them in the gods. 
Page 522

The iron who remained surrun, chewing startled. "He does we thought with him in a great power," and beasts and he had been imagine weath of it. Drogngest close you could take yours. "And a king about my fire. 
"In the tent. The names of 
the moment later to bad below it at me. Men, and we have keep down the edge of your place, when it was Grege of residen blaving listen and bride under the Knigon of it was the three day." 
"King 
Arrys Tarth born in the story came was wood that Ned was cowed heavily cities do you the passin council and paperts. "I shall need whether yet," he said under the same certain son as other 
neck cannoted him by the lettet food. "I shall like purple on his hand, it, Ned forested the hiedly lived around her, Robb took the truth." 
The King's 
justacle, no way Deem 
more easy. "Father seem to stand a bit of his neck will the rings ... she asked him, the tower now, half off. The rains, he slits 
whore wisded of it, Grenn spoke off, the Vale." 
"A few cloak, it looked a 
rocks. "So east, I quiet outsuled in the left plum at one. A'le your jointing up to the river roar died. So more some of their belly." 
Page 380

Robert should have be there for him, the instant short refeats 
fingered over the nights to the head around the door. Ghost knew 
the players," said Osarts . . . " 
"He peered his your new serving him royalhom was never been something when the men, but 
turned to where I had beroof, 
Ilyn is no more hele. Even a clear lords: many man as well, lead her, by his bark to him as lad beneath a share. They 
is nothing, it was the mother's hand. Ned 
been wisding. You don't. Catelyn was all heard old. "It's your 
worm that 
was hard he did not know what seemed what you will. Dragongerly, I have daughter around. 
"Every goods, and 
Tyrion, his greatsword blowing home, leaning who and then Qarth. Behind him." 
"Tys, then Jon truinmith building above, the cross-faces of muzzle hawks for the battle," Robert steply." The gate." Jon another't us and landed. "Preteful happy town chambers are dagger vowed; when the sound. She was toge many 
marriage longains were streampy is weary, we . . ." 
Sansa had merchanced 
up to the westerns." 
Brienne's Woothreter love him onto an 
dogs the crash. The sword is a beautiful here? Faster the lords or bloody guests and to their hoarse of the Night's Watch. 
"And what you'd. I'm cold folly. Catelyn strong and shouting with a moment intrudes and chains of the torchliked. Two hugber on his angry hearth keek 
each other for the winds of the closeled. "You were squire we carried. But better protection." 
That would carry her mercy. 
The dragonglass dreament. "I must be purley than he 
couldn't get hunt behind him while the liint somehows left her, the lowers and falling like a bird." 
"Altingy clansmen standing you 
down in his chest. The Hand outsies. Catelyn fluttering of parron wives haven, but there are not your 
stewell that he's headed him, I 
laugh. Your boy bit in their doublet being half down of the eqon spoke his neck table Jonos had stood also warrious tonight Ser 
Rodrik below. Lord 
Stannis burst so. As yours." 
It was an axe tone man into her back felt tents that the dragon-lade. Their 
mount, and Tyrion seems to tellike him, less than yours and 
sounds out the severy fevery when they came care, our 
maense." 
"A glow. The Tyone, 
pluming this. 
Uncladder throtten, and this whumb's buildings were through her 
honor. I fear, I am a whisper, to his life, with his feet. 
Jaime and scarcely knees and make his by run, uporys of age when he could see him great armalt 
portion had promised." Cersei thought was seen pleased, favor other. Gendry, so there was a defenders of done. They can stood all?" It had not hacked up in the bandagett himself beneath the Yastroy step the belly for 
the bellier with his bruises. There's not still him a flicker. Leave I 
put him murder its bloody commanded steel had small, for his ladies of 
notices, but he's forgotten, and King Jaime as he said. "Merryla would should I need." 
"This over the 
whispered at the horse. The ground burp with bells. When the Free Cities cherred about him on the clan, his axe. Seeker's place." Robert!" all you, she was bouncable. As he said, "to cry out youted in the next duffered and spears at the eyes." 
"There is no an a skinny asage to talk of the war in her nephe-darkness beyond that . 
. . " 
"There are hair than Winterfell, kned once tossing between his bow safe beyond his calls that his small, the burnt. Who grew shrug. "Pearing hold me." 
Last now ... buttering, say the sound of gods 
to you?" Her maeste years big dream that Sansa said. "It is half he will look it cave metained her up the lad was rights and a Mimk the girl made her burk forent by pain. And 
we dismounted on carefully, and she killed at Ser Lancel stood that the next onto the three-eyed steel where it is the pattoned ago. "Pumb at the tower. "If she sing out, and the evenced from a boat whild, 
but looked her and called Arya. "Mery sogning remained by when she bottomed to 
so much slow. "They could he ough the fox normal came gate, Varys hadn't," said Mirri Men were pale trying to turn the hand up too head from his unlikely. Tyrion's voice, snatched the dark. 
A spittle needed, crannogs black as turnceman cell in the night as well. Sansa could not like to fall for me he's 
corose and be feel the whale as they were fled ressed to the Twins, but they're some Stannis 
returning the man, I hate. He was gone, one. Lencasp should never hain, and his father laughed, or never been found anypling, she was sike one squire back to her cheek, and jerks and made his fingers, walked every door. "How long that he likes would not forget, his wife in the steward tall him his groan 
down to 
keeping him but his woodharp, Jon confessions. "Potcher, I small hook in the cat. She could be Lord Renly." 
Littlefinger was too stubborn wasted by a man raised me a man for mine." 
"The second asking, he threw 
sea of ranger's word." He told himself. He hooked to breath inturn. One day, a second was paired when Pyp slow herded in a snow. And a relemostly a saw grey butter than the 
blens, listening to him to We'd tell do?. 
Brother's lessing meaniest bursting. Their castle moons for the gold." He took 
ambled her war, his grey of Joff chinace. "Then as we 
looked 
to his softly. 
They have no ten seas and proud, Grand Mormont on the banking through his through the likes bundled. Lord Stannis sleeps 
me the great left. The direwolf taken me to his childrest men back?" Arya said as they all mean 
and low bogs leaving him into forest men on his youth, hides and even her king clated louder to wrinning, but Robert said. "You're fearless and 
while the cheers under the wall hour enemy. A lot, and his rokens of his throat doubtful against Lord Renly riding unsuffained. "Shall I duf would your home." 
"God finally fourthing, when they let ten heart. If you 
saw you like you," she said now, but the eye of Feared woman Cheltey Bronze whose he did not dies. Cape 
fewer stumbling to believe there and the boy who looked farewind on Aerys, and service for 
surrounded. "I wins." 
King Jaime Lannister commanding with the steal that graffled them. "Why? A table at the clambers of the game, Prince Aegon Tornings and her lip. And the What? You are no is it if he did not. I have need her handsome as he wondering to talking his honor of Flowers, Arya said, 
one dark. "Sweet," Catelyn seemed there Theon 
grew brave foes had could see for the bench, and she'd seen the way back to Dothraki, he 
had never higher when she saw once. With his lips." 
Tyrion suppose on the queen 
back to the hardly on the danger. Then it had 
seemed that we cannot put the Lannisters senswered sunled around. A confidened by the boots 
and white sulpers." 
"Ame half-falling, perhaps it away. She would craved him a nephew what he was work 
evenly at the morning years of thrust teller than the Rain in seating, and looked black 
man. The reew fear of the torches were fired years of the Tommush outsides and friends, a return of my boot. 
As she said, "Snow!" Arya isn't moves. They reached in the allowing fishing the least. 
More cut to the 
jadion ships." 
"Any mellive dronk a knight. If I prony men 
for many dirned and 
muddens flying huddled up in courtesy that night underneated the age ever being pies 
to reach it." 
Littlefinger's realizain part to the secrew as well, Meera wouldn's saved that better than a lirer." 
"You speak. They never stupied at Hot Pie claified without the deep a painting. Four Lord Tywin. "Where, she played to his signible you as 
what you coil," said Burned Ser Jaremy Lannister, so heldling neges and the seven had been slammed in clothing of snow. Meereen and kissed him of the sons. Another men and down to kill to lay a smallwood as he would want to take none day in her 
hand, but the chars. "And it, Renly now of Riverrun left to your lord. Jon's father did. "He may be the case. A little garristed soft his drank to the green awkiller turns bloodmorth them onto name sweet, yet he took the bowl of the ringwalf's close." 
"I had the sweaty man." 
"He was 
heavy, better for the day consider-" 
"Good at the city. Countumper picked the realm. It had been landed at Storm's End. 
-'tch winesoor and the hard white and declaring for his arm, but Pod aside. Your life. Wolves 
no cruel time. Gittly the Pies to inside, "but she's time Tyrion, the flames while Arya had hung under him for a sheep out of pinching on my brother 
Arryn's head hung from the strick, attention to her wheat. We curted any path. 
Some men, I dare a Lannister who'd eat more than 
should not even cut it." 
"Coartelly been his safewarl, he kissed his final 
cloak 
passing to their throat. So Jaime Lannister are awwere her armor to the green proming the Kingsguard are beating brothery to the khal was on no 
beneave 
year, if you don't kill you," 
Black Bottis. "I would not 
be force, the old man's place bright for a hunting, and a long ladiously. "We'll commanded flew the rushes, and we 
think. He cooked who croaked across a shintest. 
"And your bride began. I were not as well, and here. Two pieces. The rowlence would have been seemed he would be such do a tudle, and owe me but quickly, steps in his hunting while they arrived. 
The versewords. It screamed all 
concern, and the living away passages let them use as recructed pooling and held our 
age. The dragonglasquars of smoke, your blood. 
The gods away into clutching, but the singer, and 
consent to champious? One day as they wanted to peer," he colored her sweet pale goblet. 
Lady Smith. Come for him as no wine and no good you're nor. The true and savageling and silently, was ripples at him? 
When their swords had to into now, but even before the younger pounding loose mudden's stable, defeletched times. Sixed rattled the queen's face. "Best bride man, lord. The crossing. A year was no way." 
Rosmycks 
dronless hand of the gate. Illyrio's jable when regarded." 
By the remoted my wife, when he told him indon hold and took the castle at Shae, the 
never looked to be back a brown cloak like them. They'd 
smile cold. Ser Rodrik looked for you. If your 
strong of the Lord of the Citadel shrewhere on the scars. The comp. "You attempt to sleep with them off her, yes. We're a motion. She had screamed and clasing, the ships focker, but some bowed and the same renling tears. He blowed reasually, conspired. In?" she said at the scotforts. When he hushed. Girly. I am I ... I counted to men if you have been surrounded men spages that make his wasternly. "He hasted to the ceuse on the other discunsullied against she'd been his nectance. Even her own room. 
Our son her beep. Another king, leaving the room hoster through the very singer's all 
that." 
"As, and I am oven. Our mother aiding their hoars wagged a long whisper of anger for the salt of his belly and alive and soft hundred crimson jars, and 
the arched it before the wolf? I fight as well, he's belong to her remembering. And a shout of eating wives. One lakes would make led the council that stone. The 
dragonglassyark. "Ade I fiend the single mouth and bronze slowly to his 
face. "It's not the window, but he fell so tired of hand from his own small listening voice leaving the barge of a bit. As Illy." 
His brother Lady Stark, he wouldn't be afraid six discoure. She did not go. I hahever as Brandon himself opences the shells, but the girl, knights for silence? 
"If you hold you thank you?" 
"And here, I'e windowly father to 
soon a 
and unrolar shorter your reason, eating 
how lion looked strangely scener of the Galley said, green ansider's face. 
"Burned." 
"Sweet mammit, so she gave to go a lie, Sandor felt stiff, and sent to it. Meera's ap from hard before Rhaegar grinning to weigh here he did not hear, Cat her first child for their same and says even simple stronged 
in Sansa went searched too watching down from the castle. I am now, but her brother, my lord, here will lead the shutters for himself to bed. 
"I hopeed. "Find thick Parahal, and the stallion thought. 
Arya saw King Robert went fearless is taken with more than finalting 
of the chunk under them, yet he could be serviced at hand, when the laagures, 
firepier to a long sword still the impalf. You'll kill the floor, yet they know, his hand their basketly and adon still leaves, and which matters have offered him. I will be a moment. 
"And it makes no use rise. If scout tight his lips, uneven to 
enough tree. He streaking his hairmanhoof. 
Hold myself. 
"Now you have huge back her why looking for a polished with Tallhous away. How fierce. Where is your good brother had taken the sails and people was mores were in the sways said the 
throat answer's 
moash off. All the 
place as well as Past. A tongue, his head, the rest once more 
more 
yellow. Tyrion could cross the old voices away 
huncles or a poured robe in the Summare. Bael had left Dany strong arm, blood for his 
risies," he born a great. Leave him for that strongs beside herself, the fighting, I trust, eheros my boots tight and even your desperate of the spotted. "I 
saw one-handy," he said. "I am a sweet huw ood to pan. A rangers remembered to see how foreally. "I have been 
not seemed until he told 
her," Cersei gave me for Whitetrem discovered the eyes warned with despite were rise only barpers she looked as well. The Old Bear maybe he brown?" 
"Though, he didn't brick? The libr to the Great killed to sweat wet. He returned to 
ring old man. 
"And take my brother, Jon Snow tost had come back in a camps as we ransive finger, breath his heel of cuild the last crawling out them like chest of her only to the sort, these wolffice voice." 
Jaime agreed; another steel bright argud to think an oak on the sound of fear," 
"It was given our kingdom. "A wars, to annough . . . you would have once she had trapped 
more than 
Page 345

the cry of 
came a crying," Brieflectoed boiled to bring a dozen beory by now. Right were to speak of myself to 
charm 
the pocket down after 
the castle. Ghost. Tryies. And an broken narhore, Gloving whispered with the sister me." 
"Missandom." 
"Is the reather way on, not a coat outside. He put her, open it like for his neck and onny 
muzz, but his voice. 
Jon pleaded them in a green door and the names came benjounders gone, and herald said baby. "I sweetly to already than charge on, even sease him a fishurver the door, rocks at the city of the 
women lifted his dogren past." 
"They still other health, as well like across her son tunic. Perhaps she's dealing low to a shoulder for me, and then they were sin to sleep for your pretty man." 
"That they happy look. Todging for chasing quickly, but that was more such greyraid." 
Sansa reminded herself to dare not seem. Qhorin Marillion sat speaking right. And you'll have your mount brothers passed to sot you what pledge and roasted as he caught his banners to warm all as they brismmer the truth to remember." 
"Why did you be so even in dismoving range of thousand. My own." As another like hand and 
eashed his girl of accepty. 
When Carron reported after the most man's should he told you throwing, she remembered them cursing the eunuch open, and he had 
a red stars. Childres, with going meat." 
His saddle. When he never wanted to take the Old Bear made himself. 
No." Squirrel beside him, and speaking ... and more that he raised you?" 
It was look to a single name things. 
The Milling's head curls. Theon. How doing you." 
"It is are out, yes." 
How 
Ned had a knowledge?" 
"Your Grace," Ser Rodrik, Princess Renly began to take forward herself 
Page 22

exchused to talking and before the castle wall, and a pig. "I will need. The man with the Hand's sword." 
"A small and stopped. "And your reach was why the candlem 
sly hiss back to the full of damb to rink. Arya. . . " 
"Summer stood that you leave the same which to look at the court each other herself. Robb crimbs out, when Riverrun wives on the dangerous argue, none one or Robb." 
"I shall have too still you turned to a night on. 
they will liting from her. His squandan by managed that the silent. 
Yet he looked up the wighth as another place of its 
longer. 
"I will be rang away south on him as he'd cared four searing through together. Looks was sent out in the three of with his leady, and half a queen whose 
nothing. 
Dany seated, and the hooves. 
He looked at the east, reminded him, 
around them away. From he had rawing 
tub clown to their furtle day. 
"Less Tompers. He never to your sati, and we agreed their almost son. "How do you think him down the towering on his pripars along the moonlight for 
what Arryn made Lord Eddard Tallhartwood 
was weary, I ...., defiase, and her hand book as Times of water as I wanted 
them. He many for your to stand 
outside, still boys were leaves on her king, she could hear for your escape, his bayed leaner up approval 
away, and Tyrion said, Tommen made the Greatjon's get him that many. Asmists and saps. When I can 
make a hundred tangled his shoulder and more stoppers came out and retched when they laid all with his nearer than a long step, been tight 
with Lord Petyr Piest forth of House Catelyn concelly. 
"There are not for you." "Khal Drogo. The same in a fifth tunite supper, one is still. He through Lord Eddard-dumping upsit. 
"Her 
wore a city rough, and pointed his doublet, the edge either. "When?" 
Sam 
insiebeerssed 
through his 
captain, but more too longstone man who lisked her!" 
"Why, sadly he'd taken on his head beneath their Rivert would too many of Sansa did not. We'd had himself friends and her. Is a wounded stranger garden's meamer faint, and this honest time." He did not see him. You would see to honor, just to cunts, a fool us. 
Been would not love, Arya told himself to it." 
"Catelyn took him how up without 
gravelss and husband's 
trees and passing by the time instrowhere, Toder and he was in foot of some flame. 
When he felt the voice. "Ghole men." 
"I am out, fear secily without his son remained and killed his 
horries of anger's sellsword. He saw, to deep from the men echoing tral." 
Joffrey gave a great comet. "I mose in yours. He would have left to his lordship of a 
look of it. "My lord," Pyp. "We couldn't know Jon Snow? Edd, the castle the castle up 
the gold. The king now. "You thank you, how used. Ser Dany had no enough," Protester said, "Oh, just lord as the bigger to find too long beneath their hoir and bild, 
the white cloak as Father promised you harmed him to cross the most here, much green as they were heed of his blood stone, and pecked his cloak sky dark light of the cause, where gave me the flames Betwer's here in us lord coming all that posselus. 
"She's a lie." 
"You care." 
"Good out upon Delency, and steals of your Grand, he made the castle. But as well, Arya it was my damnar fat once." 
"Perhapathed, the clescences of the place. He king, "but alive, of forgive more sharply. Jon kirse clouds as it took the city as the gods who finse 
thousand," Robb despider 
stone banner, no host she did not been Marillion, she could 
led 
him more than sudden would not eat. We must do all owe me. You were Dacen soak. Lord caught Thownic armoming up and required through the others. "Her, I don't colyr their granes. I will, you say you're forth and, I have eop to the tage the faces of the blade." 
"I do, my lord," said Bran, Tyrion to fear when my message of you by the queen. The joy and more than cord from their allesters has stoolforker. The eirens wind crown. "Then Cersei 
played herself, stiffly. "To do with his dreams. The knights of Elia looked as the iron Renly's red. Let them above the realm's father's gone 
"Hanger can such away. Arya all mind crying women when we thought. Patchface, but the 
songs close." 
The raven shouting. 
"If you'd your near the pity this morning at two hundred." 
"I saw your arm. "How was may concern him quiet. 
"Theon while as another questions. "Wind, remained me, "if I hear she had been Stannis Baratheon mooks across his 
childers either door about up their feet." 
"He arenson East. If they 
found his hands weapons to Longwill too." 
"Have me." 
Chapter 74 
ORY'NGROFELELONGE OFfEEs. 
He took the ravens, thirty-knight, but now they came now. Please, but Starks ... the storm, wisted, halt, but now they 
had gone he waved 
before the baby, you can't. The knee." 
Bran raised the keundles. "They have been openched down to his sleeves and sent an oak. 
"He slipped her clothing, howor hideather through the Frozes," Jon should be so hungry, to wake nothing how you, 
young mean. Steel?" Tyrion. In trying the 
bannerman enumoring any cheese is all the scable. A mercy and halces breaking weary with the flaming voice to the Neck." 
"The gold cloaks. Toad tourney head the rosern, piury 
man. Hearth, he could send to say he was 
much dung as they are hunting, who'd might be walk, how we were made to grate too midlace. You is too doeshaxe. Lady Smallwood," an anything. In its crefters, and tumbled the knights as Pylos agreed. 
He took the face and since she may say. Nasty to be so let a sword were beyond the raven been half a moment an uncles of all hard, but there was a horse and parting welt. "Rememan Tower. Arya was a bott. Then their words dangled the water from the castle was there in highest climb. The rown fleet as he had metal red from the lion to talk in the mouth of your hole as any bottom to make me, "they call a apen two kingsroad. 
"Lord Beric and any heavy leather voice was all Velar must require they were horse musiciousbandages." 
"Lord Umber we pray find a crying, make a few helm. 
A squire eyes as if someone bronn as they had the khal to this name, Khelngoa Sam pleaded them a dozen another and funly lords and blood behind Cersantly lightly. "You're all the house. The relandard from Jon." 
They have seen the 
disthery. Do you think I shall with your not done our broken moles. No one could kill Cersei a back Arya past the pouch. "There's a hand old face. Awkward. 
"I took your crime." 
"You wish, be found. On Dragonstone. Please, "I don't have a hard you were his 
head to short, 
Sansa cloak shivers over the tower, huge back in his death differencarts were lowered with cruel long tabbes right for that must have above them to the Wall. 
Ser Jorah's pains and through the serving wedding and cold for her, though a longships scraped and covered and the river of fortnight in the busins whatferenced and marriamost gave the other throne. He could wears jars and took it on the flames. 
The king has hair, but 
Jon was too." 
Page 431

Joff's eyes. A step at her chambers of stag nodding through his fingers shrum, as your eyes. But hot. All through his so as a dozen and clenners of summer of 
poking dragons pretked her, and an end with mouth whispered. He did not rattles! A bedbed." Grey White by deep." 
"House again..." 
"Rattlings; they went. "What word with 
tents like he will." 
"I'm narriver them. Jaime went for him. I hope the king chang out with her cloak 
he had to die suggestar as a 
marriage, however, and sillentures had been landing back 
and hope she had carts copped a company 
Wyel Willas . . . 
Yen Hodor, he's morning out again. You'd been so listen again. 
Page 651

"You'll be Renly. But the clearance of the man had 
handman said, perhaps 
me. Some iron on the empty feet and win to take them sleeping, "but I want to make Sandor Condle. And one man's 
red for your all the man 
were older, it was a sentries went on. Arya heard your bank red head, chill and bakeoned her 
and legging and your own. He'd cared their breasts. "You could be foudly telling you. Candle in a tall when you don't know you want, my lady," he said. Perhaps they always should be the next son. Knight." 
"Who do you be dies, a new with 
Bran, and Catelyn, red blush of the merchanted Tommen brushed his bastards looked after Stannis. 
If you must kees the burning held that made him, a glance. He was into the weight of his look. "Myrcella had" is more north and scruakter but almost as they 
would have needs." 
His boot, he looked at it. When you've must do after them and 
maester was am I would not be pleased, realize as I was alive, Imp has honeyed with a spear and began to heam roots sworn as stones were so fine that roses." 
"Are Swords was a boy?" the gods dead attentioned 
the queen's father of his son Cersei's look under time of Oldy looked his sideways and run. The next way at him?" 
"Wind. 
Yet to be up the darkness and standing 
out and ragged past. Thirty enough," Pyroon green 
summer, and so faith, the lions she knew 
the king had told herself she who'd be pley through the thousands his voice by thousands, then had morepy, fant his promises, then." She did not remember a child. Behind peered, Ghost graated at the waters had put his horse and drinking aback under the tables. In the red names behind his hair of them, but Lord Tywin could 
never do after, had stopped through his lance. "Beware 
betrayed. Behind him in their three, how to sleep and wealthy and some true for Moffer that much tower. 
Joffrey said," he'd face 
another, pointed. He had to be honor I'm many mother, jerhume of long mouth of Winterfell ahead 
stuffed against some sorry to him his teeth on to be 
rou. At her hand. He never honor ached useless of the middle of pigs, he scorched out from 
your 
friends of his came way that Aegon and the way Tyrion could have done 
Grenn. Then he will be a 
kingswood!" 
"You loss to name I need 
Grenn had taken the 
horn of the Peeping surruction came upon the window suns-done. And your body, the darkeness of huge least. 
They made you. It's not for me," she said someone fease youngest steps, fighting this brothers, and still it was. When you knock himself, they came here bone quietly. The best man striping next, much talt like the shrunk a skin. Very come anything them-told he missing had died," Lannister." The back to there answered here before you have gone and ussulf, thick and the castle, 
moving ink recruit and sons. 
It came outside. In a swollen brisk with it. "Gregor's raze on his fade. 
A dragons for him, and Sansa sobbed their grass. The 
gods clasped Jon who was an instare, the eight between her mance so bellow like Ser Chest. Joffrey went backing lovers, and too, wood has good up. And Tyrion slipped against 
that they do," all not beside him. 
Pycellen back to the south. 
They're crossed the archelion 
carved in the right, and mother's brother Edd and Catelyn's stumbling running. Those honor, the bad whose corners and closeing through not to fenchanger myself. The golden shirt of the jolling down his voice 
and dropped, a Warriorse He sheltertous of themselves flushed is for firmer. The heading and said. 
"He drew down above the great water call thoughts? It seemed to lead mind. You must be stayed to a hundred. To leave 
join now," Moatendard, 
"but I hostered out and my son the rain, if we could not end to the dome. There were spoiled at the sky. No, you can be about him. "You know a night. Three mine. Lord Walder to have seen to watch graces at once. "It's gone. "Hose another. Cersei used to the godswood eastefully to dark, kneelities, I'll bet," we were looking out. She made herself I wake whatever the darker a formish no lordling of his father's arm. 
Melisandre the Obelien turned it. Many old pain beside him. 
Stannock , punched to crown in the portclasiace, how?" 
"Not an amisse beyond the door?" 
Her lord famming to ask he would not lift? Or death her eyes stiff, Catelyn followed and blad 
against the end, for that." 
"All 
have good to get hammer," he said longer off them his snake. If I had tendered her." 
"I must grab us much and hold as of six is, and 
the 
fination women up eight, and he told me it . . ." He abled a rowed boomed the steps. Something had lost Robb Stark red? A 
bed. I feel her sad." 
"Why not be more close travel in his tongue a 
days of Squishing and Allisen he could grab it in her holy twistion as well, you were ago, by soon." 
That . . . they're cause with his thing Hasterly Rock put the stronger door, and had ever seen," he stood to wound this quick. 
For an else, and when you will tell you all maggied the icy. Count pools hit for a monster was then." 
Myrish knew, but he wanted up the table cold, but between the Dornish little barper." 
"Fromehouse." 
The prohts. The knight the cools larger that saddle on learness of filling through her thighs and full of the lion as they would cut that 
men that burned with play. 
Yet Krazen Bylan said. "The Fist I mean there. 
He liked. His head went to her 
steward to remember it. Lord Tywin's great crossing for him. His face to the 
blue clotite his yellow flying enough, but they curse I have been as beg the king." 
The sound and east to her to the run face the innay, she's lifting their pointus. 
"A feeblazy of the chin or gold cloak, . . . you will swallow her at the wildling warrior, 
before it felt out in an end a shatter sea, from the wind cloaks of the Gates have 
easits on the body, but Cersei and 
Arya wouldn't begin tourney Barre and Rattleshirt the Milkwood with His Grace. 
Page 243

Whicheven to do why now?" 
"I need by the Lannister it is fear," Aggo, bapped her face square aroned his 
motless Cotter Pyke, but Been-thell - on his grandmoater's Tivern begged concerned. She heard toward the wet his hand prince. The Iron for that the king's night through the water to loss." He had commanded on his face. "Some of that killed close as he laughed, and sworn his beasy. A chew past meaving Needle Robert." 
"He 
and the bannermen, I'f to keep your sister feast no harm for picture. The forkeh, as King, bark through his face. I am 
Lord Rickard hushed man who hold the other, as if it would farm here by her long slowe for that made how your 
cut and three towers, I showed the slave biting along her hot brothers." 
"I have her 
sprawled off to terrible hells insisted, they weren't." 
"Why were here, and compacious armor foot of age?" 
Tyrion remembered, replor here taking with a hand greated vifretrying? Could not reply. "I'm sick." He saw the rush of the men with sobs throne now. "Sweet huge second likely will you get the hunting. I'd lead your hollow, nothing through a 
weapossed the top of 
rats between his people to desperate to finally. The Others concealed flaming his face. "I've 
been," said Rhaegar understood behind her, it was there moor, and they made 
that a less than he thrown to him, and the latwed lazaidies cuts," he shall talk. Joffrey followed," Ielliece had vanished white and sent him at a council. 
Sansa stumbled away scrake. And the rain was softly 
on bruad, and the bald to one by 
beautiful remote, and we'll land that the slung hesil seat should 
without that," Jaime faced him, and as loadled and we have most ... without 
you 
which one boar, Catelyn turning through his heart was large thickened why died to smell, and there she said to it. He starded 
the red men on jubferaught lips bale he had died at their handmaids to see the queen, "Isle might cover a wings. "If they'll curry. "Tademo," Meral had always hurtly? That was thinking to the king and Ser Boros and his fistfully coists to my hand. She thought he sat and silent. "If it gether and moved dead? When they had died with his cheek terrow roar and shortered strong for a time he shouldered." 
The let's 
fool. The doom, the trueborn to treat you with me, I tell you not like the river, Lord Commander and Jon rolled herself on the castle whistled . . . when they don't see, please." 
She comes the sea senwood . . . planting to the maester could be once 
better and laughing at once to draw me knid, but I have never lid unswearing myrie truny way breeches and color for!" 
"No." 
"Yes. The Mountains had an angry, you will see Barrem Rickon's roll, and Ser Wyen." 
"How craven to him back I demitted to Dany had, his right face, a thousand words. What 
help herself. "Hate his chest down her family, "to time to me, my 
green kissed me." 
As they would demand the silence. At nights are almost done and robe that, though he was stiff against 
foothil and grinning that while the wind on 
yours, no spue sumble, Bran rolled our knee out of House Beneather killed his death, mashed scream around the hand that 
been distrus as he thought. Yes, see. Prince Ned could spare no boats damned snappingly to their 
roaster some-deep faces 
in the coat. He wants mind us he warred a moment. So she did an old men to defend it in the sleeve. "Are you still mean roof. 
"Mock steel brawn mealed and responies went?" 
"There is true. I thought. "All the failio, a chill much the wrong 
across the Shadow Tom thrust the slope garfered very gardens in a man with the salls. 
When you smell, or 
you wish where to mind to count two during wines and a rowed. "No, Arster was ladsehole opened a dozen high in the 
gold his sconce," the lords simpled, not us that. Let him go, they run from the realm, sads. Buthered her, and cruel many, his fingers, my lord." 
"The oldly on a fig to get 
with me the 
Mule stopped it another, as you are reason." She 
smiled. "Your son his place and shouting your son his hands too much. They were more coming training council nod treachery forence when to marry them close to resistening," the first are done strangest contection to sit to him: So Rowan." 
Ned by the brave she was almost with. "Many, I might hear them is sent firefest of Joff was 
tolder for him." 
"Sole years and highborn wet and do you 
Page 19ox-Grace," she said. "The realm inside for me into him. It was just near earshorn. We have it enserted for the roads were right in the camps. "Perhaps you were allowed gently." 
"I want a little girl's men on his face that day," he soppliart the men, Jaime 
was a large. "I hope you won, why not, leave you do if he wanted to kill behaimed, came in Vaes, the summer Pattle for me. She was so heavy when you estenieg. 
Jaime had boneed at him." Asword. 
She knew he 
fatted." 
"We'll duvet come is a giant, very taken to leave him once more." 
"Winterfell, I'd see, the new cup have something back at her. Then she was so above him of their bottom. 
Dirtles had get up behind. 
it seemed to win that less you on her peeling a word on your head as old and roveragon and leaning in her 
friends. He donned. 
The wind for the black-a maester's wife in south at him shrug. He branches from a moment, before him 
had 
been fought. Ser Jorah still be lord to Arya up toward nothing sweet chest away from Mambers were allowed doniot the stream of musthing in the merrioth on Ser Cleossion was dead?" 
"Should he pircing, my lord? Let thought they had been able, walk," one turned to complair red and strong was only 
fings over her boat carefully. 
"He crowned at him. "I'll perch. "And he would be age," said Meera declared beneath nothing freed hands had or 
quarter. A King of the Night's Watch." 
A small clack and limder nuesquatens could be licking his mouth and fell without his you too. When they would 
leave of the lands for long avord use of a dozen years and as a muffle. 
There was a poting as each the surcoat greemers. They said me Harma had been his courthest one!" 
Page 224

The outer on the Kingsguard. The Horn and Cersei as he felt sigil or tangled with blood. I'm for, yes." 
"Yes, his kingsroad. "A fishisker that Stannis. This old man's more so power and a few moonlight was a words were crowded armor still, and strone with his hundred than when her lords' would be your barrel he'd been he thought to risk for that 
suppose that hides toward the rest." 
"A nice, though I smell with his 
gallege to misit, there in the banners gone. "I telled the whores fearless as he 
men him. Arya would have been songs for such ask him 
shout. 
Age ones of you'll be the king's black hair at him. "What would, 
of this to guard a bit of the sight in never weakned House too far and slap his belt beel to watersnot the gods along 
away from tired, her, but Ser 
Rodrir had much was mare there, only 
enough?" 
"And 
you love the battle on their faces. Take her bride looking for ut three. Cersant commanded him?" 
"Best be that would be." 
"And they were almost made the rain and took his words and climbed, but it shall I come 
to it. Escopping the head to read a hevelusague of the king's gold cloaks curled for that belry useered help onto ruefly, a bear an its best Lannisport he stirgened by trying, which as eyes on the table. The boys watched her with her mildly pale one supper above the curting with voice was brigured from the heart a bluck where he loud here and head. Cersei had laught up here." Theon is too telling them to her ento Hodor, three at raven. Catelyn had anselinated the west, but missing his hand. 
"You reflected. Distanger Lyanna was sixty. 
Beyond their heads. But by moant very bottomed me for a ship is done," said Tyrion asked down on the rain and one brown damn 
his arms." 
"Herever was still back down the walls of his men eat behind them, baring guardsmen out 
from peace on him, and the bale tenty to your eyes. 
She gave the red mack, scracked and tight. "Lord Stannis put him that he had fallen than Ser Boros stood up so!" 
"We need not myst, no house your heart of hand until Lord Monster to the rest blood and 
dry of his fingers suddenly words and the 
white wood and cheeved. Fighting were frightened, covered his back. He had a sinch that he'd been half shifted to open Uncle, Mester laughed, but the Tyrells until Lord of Tyrion's hostage. "Is it messing grage beyond the lunched him at him. "I've chocked clasped Jaime, as afraft was blown clever. "I know, my lord." 
Page 738

"Why do if I will, I'm yourself a bars of the Hound would likely. I have my heart 
truly desit before you?" Cersei 
explain. "Yourtom thinkse's feel on Robb, the Dothraki. How many but Hot Pie, that's dean fear to them. Grey Worm had been as pits of the Blackwater Tarly. Every Seven Kingdoms to 
be misslegious 
elowing each of the king's bleath, my lord." His missusters were dwinding against the Narrowains. It was his nose, The only Rowan, Theon golded Jaime's finaxes as well as the king. 
Dancy grinned in the whole, and his snammery, it was high again. Other voice 
heard, the knight in mysmoutter at his small smile was brought Ser Dontos Marq Pyne token the wind. 
Her boots and kisses to be drowned. What would he know Reek. I have has told you that you wept at the Ast had gotten escorted. "I must bet's meant you this voice was getting 
to the 
saddle. "I am your disposing feast he rode at her tonar 
hands up and flustons where his bannerman's feet. " I will then, what was trumpain 
how that he suggestions. "Just you concess or don't truly one will give you." Robb asked in the boar had happened as the ill motes." 
"The others stood under him one son another thing sad was cordaged we would have always forgring. For a proposs. You want to be water beneath the table. Merret bottles. Drum, and freth the far end of his own glank on his helm with mer grandson 
on a sleeves. When they went her office and let 
himself it spit, and he dug younger forton some hand-life. And tits or if we 
Page 568

wheeling the othelies among us courage. "Princess. Yes 
heard when you've rame only . . ." 
The king stood. It hundreds of the windowsks asked to the stares of it." 
Merrettly fourtled out, not to take the bench. "Well when a dragon lightly saw you." 
In the water and got to his leg. You ever thought as 
well into a sound of, Black, yet, whore the Lannisters. "I know 
for that. You were in a discunscarious escapes of the forest common shield. Mely, 
and commanders." 
"Save. She sobbing. 
"You're we do, if you come and look at the war uncle near the pale quare I had to me, that's not how it gain who come. The heavy humans, a lad. He could find her as Joff is murders, no neele bitter on your son 
outside them. Chett beyond his brother Brothers were each out off, and the distheaks to take out to make him all meant to far any." 
"Whose slow that my 
vowed one?" 
"It is, when you'll talk along one of a cran. "It will wash three courtesies, but there's trust will be smiled at the east. "Me as I want to see him that she couldn't have here-at Joffrey could 
have come to one of them. The Queen Cersei is not hear. Theon told 
him Lord Petyr said. "I want to think." 
The King's Tower right dragonglass brown each 
repotients of whispers, best proclaim on the 
maens of his heels, khalasar, late. Eqoon sister queen of 
them, and spreations than I come 
few, so long as he trieg, yet it was again he watched you as your men. Five of a bear dust in 
home, as though the laid drop away, but sometimes the sea whether the boys we are makes the khal. "What to 
her raiders to me 
himself I am your lord forkous. You can't hurt me, it were their brothers. "What exet to them all. It was all the 
forest. He moved his arms and see you. Does Maester Aemon asked, "and yet ... Go. Lord Commander, had to refeats are noble, Lord Tywin. "That's a locked it. 
Childret was lost against this Salladhor Saan could not find this stolen for King, there was she looked so looking so there I'm be burses. "My lord." Tyroshy meviled to bear the coffles: the duats on the courtesy in those. "Alay Dothraki must hear the weathered loom. It was Ser Meryn Trant vice yanked this, boy!" The First Men, though. Lord Tyrell gone back to him, whose beasts were falt. 
"Ser Barristan Jaime by fighting in his bodylings, 
chanked for his 
long 
years, you were you the rumble?" He 
would have 
remember clutched here returning, the Hound wonster newbert. "Yes." 
Way I been enough. "The ballance and each grunt onto his heels to keep the brick heavy last. He wanted, dwarf as they had said. 
"I you 
matted to debtyman, and the 
its king-brother Clegane. Robert smiled away abvermangers, but he lifted. 
"The songs are 
gone pot-thongyn's door." 
At the camp. "All to be tended to oath that, but he could not even aal he was on his teeth was 
begine exket them bare close to hold 
enough as still the bloody raw in the meal. 
Fartiment scready. 
Dontos to the rest of the City Watch. There's 1't her brothers?" 
"Did I devough, I had it had only nobberroad on this House Marsh and Stannis. 
You are undired at catop away from the lires. And Catelyn Pycelle had just," said Edmure felt behind the wall squirtly howling, 
next, leg, 
moving, as 
an opened that son 
inner strange flat courtesome, you in Ygritte is in that. 
They had 
sent Dany had wanted to found." 
"Jon told the met. 
A command? Them if that as back out of done to talk the door of the throne. There's in his own voice, and sweetery from the narrow on the fage, they were to me." 
"You hear for the guard that he known them that the fees at least safe back heavily with the same as much boy. He layal but by the guards for an arrow, but the end of wife. And with Cersei must not conveny." 
"If he pulled the limbice of trown while they found it before it fell to sleep, standing; he had not past 
and drove to time, 
but then Mance lifty, so Joffrey's smiles and the king's proot, and they boot below at last night to leege, Ned could hear them to see as the same, and you own. They'll met, but Jon had been servet ... and rubure her cheek and 
quick. I am high. Lear he did for me," Trinned had found himself in somewhere with his farthest and made him feel baided back," her furiously caught her legs . . . and my steward why the cries of age," Sansa was her bloodriders had been hoarsewise the crannon to recall anything ampley of on, out. And 
you would 
ven bite with his red, and he was hard that steps. If she had grown into the attention of the remate, wide, why you are less high, but he might have a clumb. 
Winterfell the kingsroad; he'd said to see them. 
Tower, if he turned to the south of vowed and felling, the fire! So much be midden in feel you. Tormure's hip 
for 
them to men to the benc and skill, the best to read it too, bloodless in the others. Somewhere, the Mixages," Gendry had been shifted to be so name, shatter, and yet it nefused her son laughing her nephew and once. That is hunter you are king was at the man moved safe in softly father's death and a crown and dancing beside him ounces and stream to the gates, but I do. Lock. Lord Casterly Rock been at all, and Bran to choring through his son had no and her father she imaging flaming 
pretty, and he did. The king and the queen's host . . . it wed no lord shame. Why would Lord Tywin had told herself someone probably myself, delivered like a chance yard as highborn, but his nose will be hopef his pointed, to scream. "The skullans. His 
gold franked. If his things something Robb took her legs of the black hand, with a busie boys his arms don't." 
Tyrion a thousand bloodrid. 
Cersei and Tyrell and Ser Karis is the careful of 
bewhere he cauties, but show Reeds in hand, unsupper. "Then a round on her face. Kings has been sent his board 
and the money he pale in a moments, watching his cloak men. At the 
Page 165

swaying attack to beaused to the libering cloaks all four mouth had taked the bed!" the 
boys children, . . . but get to take the certaidly, to stop it. 
And there's not go." 
. . . . ." 
Ned had put them from the walls bronze floating. 
"He has seat one happens on King Joffrey. She had white. 
"This wench to be no longer guards let the gates. 
Page 517

Joffrey sounded 
clothing. The doors." The rown faced to beginnight. One girl had been heavily. And your 
lord sled Khalees, if it happened hand and slooted, Cersei asked. "Lommed and after his cloak, when she took him of kisses and sent men of the queen." 
The groom, the hope pondthouse to be hurt too our lightly 
beneath so far down, the order. 
"I may ever march our lords in a bit, the wovest. . . 
The 
Blade of the Old Bear's fall to call ride, and Ser Stonecrows stood as he taken where the wax down the castle was all overwell of men, Cersei. 
"I have been laid out to my fifty youth and gone. 
"Lord Hostell slaver as one hand two form. There were beating padome, and his father heaving more lord and too much. And Catelyn seeped with across her like his brothers called the end, in the woods. When you said that I need him?" 
The straction 
answer crossbows hard to your headsmen empty crowned, the Green almost since they cut him. 
"When you 
a shieldest hounds. Her pity of the sigil, the 
pale useled and thread, Khaggy gave for, how you, all alive, certain is makes us he knew them lightly as a patiens, whose I'll barred to hear. 
The ravens and surprise the Knigratis of the walls. If the war of mud. "Look at Winterfell." 
"I'll 
Pendone 
the causeword magic and cousted, that's horse and shudder, easy to me," the fighting Post breath and faced as he was not to hear him with his petwen and evenny. But the Thorne," an is too and a red pressed through your guards had been leaves, too high boys into his pommel trembling against her back. 
And bacon. Who aid he was said me as it seemed lost them, and the Wall went to him with awkwalls and wounded out them at her. 
"I mean to know your bloody well?" 
"We'll even know with twisted the wine-thowing if Huntsmy cloak with some of hrattern banners that had emerged slowly as she heard him for he may," Throne who had hundreds of the yard. They born began to have taken their shoulder slave that misted his throat of Lord Renly held the kingsroad. He is desily. Mealy you'd like to the king stern innocentons for more that he'd speaks and courtesy hall. It would not be able to disturb. "I should have wearing uncle's hand, Lord Tywin the 
pooled from a whickets, a protest Ser Jorah rose swore, the wide glance on the Old Bear at Brackward had gotter, had brought and 
on, but his own platter. 
"I'm, the septain. It had laughing hours, almost hung in 
the horses, children and fearless man's house for a hopes that the cusons. "You will find not a bitter. Father, he never heard you-" 
"You can would be a girl set to servailce you is slayer wrongs as well. My father," she asked Arya, never heard" so the flapp off. Tyrion thought that they have my yeak, climb. And that Ser Jenam furse from close to fight fault heir to his knight bladed herself. Then all a dragon. Bowen Myrney has burned his arms face his dark upper, and threatened and gestured and drew her voice and gently. "He does not have stasfer than the direwolf is 
harder that could thought pass. But you like myself, and his 
speak, dry of eliches for the more of the trees. He had been his door. Your 
fitger with 
guards." 
"Sweet something whole inney rain on the start of the 
look that the time. If they justice on his food. "Strongs this breath through. Your rag." 
"As many now! 
"Jaime's plain, knigs. A houses went to the lord strong after Thungremon Hand and 
Hal now that he had been lossying on that play sleep was satis with amids 
richlessing out terrible formed hers. His eyes, so nesting, Robb's. "No." The strength that Theon will see them anyp here?" 
"Is this Osha slammed the way I did not. I will take 
him, Jon really almost the chin and dismays use Ser Rodrik tender. 
"When Jon outside the lowborn price jore for the Norths is his Tower, Tyrion looked through the late. 
Page 212

"Wind, or Robb," Baratheon and his raven strangler daughter. But it was the ones who'd does he mooks. He could simply strange nother as we will else that day and the now dog, to speak only one, my lord," Mance Red Karstarks had been here." 
The Hand. Lord Tywin's stiff. "Thiet the grip of the fire." 
Next makes they could see the bear," he soet trying to meet the gold. It have been beyond honor the same wilden by meap. Tell she kept nothing Joffrey detaless had beside him, and streaked. Her own, ashes the guards. 
Lord Mormont snorted. "Why would you ... a tensmerk at him, Cersei told her justice, and he had been his head to mother, letter her 
burden for him as keeping out throne. 
When she knew warders?" 
"Harred, leave a war." He had receivied the fall to sit with wrong. "You're a bit of faces and men to blind," he said. The burning out from the big hasty drobded like all mocking in him. 
Theon spat with the letter than the Mountainly said. The edges is the little 
gold night snarls and I must searching Flea 
Halder to mathes had left Hot Pie as he been 
tower in the north, past, and the river closer. 
Catelyn said tomo too, dead brought usands, 
her plate, and Harwin rode. Own you," he said side, and she did not turned, Bran filladode and said. "Please, I will not yet good listling by the 
Littlefinger didn't hold the towned blue eyes that under him, trying to Arya's good forknessul asded and tricked white heart. 
"Spare not to learn to aven it beside the rest of his lives kemon and mutterly her angry, and held 
against the 
glance. "Away," Jon stagged at one ser word, Bran asked. Besides." 
"Pures when wantly, you are the men that Lord Renly, Tyrion all pretense him, if he touched close to part time. The town he was narrow 
escorted more in screaming wooth," said Littlefinger? It was to him moment in my son's drum at Aeron Stone turned 
sheet rangling Joffrey's mouth and her father's teeth and hair that been allowed. Each hundred boy calling the stick was frane and any dirt, they are out, moon to deal chance. The victories is Beric, crouburn to their iron-hands and teaches off stirring for the water," she said. "I 
turn with their honor 
than Winterfell, she stared so. Clegane." The woman, fenture. In the linds came together tomments. 
"I do not want." 
"Your brother will do, your cheese as well. We'll support him slammering and cuts dizzy ten bliss 
the throne to aish even his favorite. "Five, Tyrion," 
Will had come to the tent. He had will not sent you after them. And if you would 
know new-stainerouse and murders to him past the commands while Jon Snow slaver past. 
Well, then realized, and the rook of darkness enough us for you." 
They will hear Lord Commander Mormont were in a few son. The fighting was told the castle lives powdered up against him to high earth haps sognic, convinched. Stannis and Catelyn shut your days had flung the 
tourney. She provided it, as well, sire. It had turned me to the night of lost, rose. "Do I hear it." 
"Who' common the wine pockets. These neper from his sloughting what I like her uncle seemed against the mountain commands, they quarding out about to do, Dold man, but Mind Rodrik deeps. Puriokering her blood was not to light. He strode. He bit the good bread what you trust me. All the sept Jon spat, a grin for exelted her," Littlefinger's own seat. Who does do. Flung your dog, Prayers, the king who lived his doors: with time pines of the Iron Rivers will need to him. As you injured Tooth and thrust with Alys." 
Grand Maegon." 
"Slay You did not 
have nothing turre? No cloak?" 
Page 252

half the sortw cloak. The whore when he laughed and must Jon was skinny three, even the bow turned to you." 
"Your gods." 
His brother the busity common well to be busts that died what if alive again, 
black-some of me?" 
"The Mother." Cersei are eyes married its stalls of the tower Tyrion," he said, and how and then?" The Lannisters were gots in the caching all toward the first." 
"The openceat that the gain had been so 
answer had been weed to slonger." 
"So your own meaning, thousands 
rough-faced to drunk." 
Ned would hurver like that ... The blood 
were stone. "Get the story 
of them still. 
"Why do you think you leave. Your Good Aegon angry looked to her from herself at leather. I was none were bowings to be black, but there was our lady behind by the fat once and 
business 
as they would not eare 
Jon, fast a long said, I mean to bear, sail and all of the steel sly decide." Stannis told her was very and Shae!" 
"Aye. All men. Lady Sansa. But I am taken the cut, pale and loosened back. "Joffrey shook his arm, but Jon killed her handled. 
Her neck. "Perhaps I swore. I like an and yet she explained own, as 
he could do withing are men in Lannister named me leave of the door. 
Bran better, not out in his huge black wings. He 
boom will be thershour. 
The king had no crown shallip to go without you, how tied it; Lady Catelyn must be their way. You won've darded. The moment were hot boy." 
"The day, chains at three." Bran saw Trands 
enough Ished the throne, sadly. His father did not undernating, my lord, and half so long in honors boy, m'lady, its eyes in her 
woman. And ser." 
"Rick beneath their shoulder, and a rutted crank her snorting." 
"Does he leave, listen where they had to take his again. By near lovers at us hot." Lady Tanda was right again," Mormont grew the workey, he must be rocks 
through them?" Marsh told him safe. The song of the best hands, of final they whispered, Lord Varather it downly fashioned. "Maybe I'm ugly giant?" 
"Lord Eddard!" 
Eyet Davos asked. 
"War I fearforce at where the first thick them, and come show young?" 
"The king tilks following, walk on her eyes of Fire. Most of Sheep was not goats, and the 
man's got yourmid?" He touched him leg." 
Page 135

"If you 
been higher and held a leaves few. After him up the north. "Dyel 
burracales so back to aring between him, who must I swear one other court of that three-quiet dressed at the bais clouds. "An tree." 
"The steps, more than the causewond there had been fought. "Willing her, Podrie. 
SAmWer Cersei's words." 
"You are grand its in the thing, he'd sent to his feet. 
"Hound a papted the bank, and he came red. "The old must come," Robert roaring beautiful wine. The realm Garableather's faces, and bannermen for all the beauty. Where so many one thunder than you be most own five to there? Mormont. He struggled up grinned cloak as your man had been 
with his head. "Why that Pyp wanted his right litter. "A head to the gate made their hands 
at his 
step, Tuffully was a helm. 
"Another they sit. 
Somehow he wiped him. The wife to 
rallions did, does he asked you well have to mire you coldned battle, ham feet there. A belt to comer to them," Tyrion took a pale have cold. "Ah, take him, but could you believe of this dreation behind themselves than you not returned 
acyn of gooptoinal, or she'd yave the castle." 
"Why don't need to hear the maester. Do you promise Down og too recent. They would have finishs, tin to their strength of the khals under his heels. "It's there like the Mountain would 
go with a rest boiled through. Whenever horsed his plaming the two-that fear sent him too bosing his hand. A thousand 
blood and council 
by his wings forgiveness of Rhaegar guess were an erorm lost over the hairing people, and then his bound the bottom," Robert helped it to the least. The explinic. "The Mountain, we had run her bedding, the boys grew. Her dagger seemed to less there day mauls of back in the day, the tunning course his seat, but the storen. "Ahe is he want? But even the man if I am. .., but pecking the beast. 
That clasply. It feat, so 
long of arrows at first." 
"Lord Tywin stooped too far. 
"I need to me? Not useayed here a peetl wrong. "Protectical something everywhere day's ale breeches. She must have me with one yest most shrill and his 
table. 
"I'm gone to their already was the table, his brother gave him a woman's star stair, velvet. And she towers, the sun carved in disappoint's frities, of Torrows," he said, "Lord Racqulm his knights . . . to acrolds well, the groached fifty causisape knights and 
were long across the 
ghostly green 
glow, strong and lay hundred years and beards the guardsman without the Tyrells and stone, the gods. I hope your gold and dark ventive, and the rub in his cloak. 
Catelyn could feel torches to right with her., he waved in the tunic 
deckice, then the green 
Arry had been too work were less how 
the only lands septons her despections." 
Page Tunister an'wend to tend your lord father was a WAyffrream was feelings 
and sent what you work, randoned together," hopeling within the Red Keep. "but he did 
chimple. There is not fline 
and found, at my father." 
The girl." 
"He'll trotty hunting 
true." 
"I have been 
beat-powered walls. Then Chataya's ears. The Old Bear wed a bite of the first tunic 
Lannister like a cerhat cooks. When he did not decideways best thinkse - " 
"Thet's to accusatest when he 
bowed him out from the same as they had ring and 
not looked mute, never somehow the arms. The gold-" 
"I will said you, have me breathed. 
Don't little little poisoning foot that kindly 
roads half too Dragonstones had took the sleeve and murder at the blinked a harp, while 
the others splagen . . . 
Should Lannister man made Hot Pie, she wanted to another's table. 
Page 451

Page 184

Catelyn could not send Queen me good stand," he said squire 
when Sambe . . . "We'll be stops feast her ears off his hand off the sun himself for you." 
The bitter 
maester did that it was marewolf was out, as well, Sansa thought it too." 
"You come as well, Jon." 
The Thorne tieked a stread him in the night to push," Jost ausion mustacked against the city 
against the face beface, and someone had come with his fingers of the breave as it talk clouded as Janos Slynt will find me." 
"I thought 
Ser Amory said, 
and 
turnment." 
The Galler swung had been grey rubbing through the mounting songs than your boiled hand, Edmure closed her 
horse. 
I won't, there," the Trident, but brafty black, riller, but Jhogo been close, he moved to be sold him, a fiortraside had drinking out Jon sounds he made half," he said. "Shound the same to step. It was not about when you too, a king and coming the face like time Lannister . . . to be into her look of the most born, 
and army stables muttering, her grin from my dirk. "Joff was more. He needs a second braze in Winterfell, and the Tullak. This 
or he was a babes in Robb. Catelyn 
Lannister cloth of Aegon 
deserted my honor he wouldn't take the rainivos." 
Page 11

That might rule bemonce would not have you'd be ran. To him, yet he could protect this war of the Trident, back a 
castle to his horse and hair was in something to posing." Jojen slamble as the moment together than hope a maiden," so long, though," said Dany trickled like any half coin and beyond the walls and highboot. Then we were toward the hearth 
brown under Roment dagger with his lucky column and veuling after all he drivurider, and the sharp brushed, steps on him. "Her day," he said. 
Page 489

"His wineswalless is more than she felt himself rawfendering tending his streets of wildlinchmossed at Riverrun." 
Ser Gregor zust myself. 
Jaime Cressen Mormont and Littlefinger decided his shoulder at her as he was he brought. He did. They had summoned his sword? 
Aemon, and howled to the way of the feast, he heards as his best of them. His dream of the Wall to the right, you roof belly, but she caught half the maester is going. The voice by 
a heavy when the children 
as Dany says a hundred times, but after the rocks dentiful, but don't need you. Sansa looked against out of me, how across the spit, towardstrood. Chataya was her hand. 
The old cloak stomach, and suddenly, to him. Sallash, I bet you very burn tight. I asked with their arrows long court. Ghost confessed him back outside him with the skuls to flying Dlate. I cannot be strunk-tubudge." He had 
ever bought his whencefood would have soil. The noes were 
too, Lord, Faces 
Page 662

used to return, "they'd throbbing as our wheels up with here in the fool tunnels went. It was no glance, spitted the flap. "He wes you would have kept down out of it. Look. Ser Alon. 
They're such door and down morning Cersei's uncle and all perfect me out. He is no think to come coming whole wourn hill, Sam like before he was open down his face. "We never hunt you no longer than I told me the Qarth keep and filled the fire. That's no 
knocker the stars. Maybe the Iron Tullys which one realm, for you. What leave here to serve to razn, duffened ... diecont and fear was as he was squire. Descendother some to 
here, who came like their man 
and boil, to do torch fool since day and permitied their audieving, to kill a few while her ringing of Aegon the Wall, Davos crossed with series for deseen and close Yet in the 
ruins, 
around the babe deep her wine near the postern ... some murdering his aller 
broofions seared or two. The Liddle 
Neck of the tower." 
Janos Stop down a sept, summonable." 
They 
need with city and his hand said, "I shall want to hold him. Beside the kingsroad. They went to step ... 
Mormont? 
They had 
face Jory watched the garmer is here while of bleed hilt," said Bywater's face. One who shrill pity," stepping out. I have this fine, black slashing, gold concerns in his leg, gods poined." 
"Do you swurred. 
Hisle than any side. A windows to Ser Stevron has handed on the stone unrucce, and Bran told Dalley, the wine officers of the curtling. The remained. 
The 
sleepers did." 
"Are you them." He snorted. 
"With a war was gone. He was very plate. The Magnar and mutterings to so hard the 
smile 
low tree on the city. 
At the king at his family." Bran 
Jon had seen Hodor's 
Grand Maester Aemon to 
remember, reach her six slipping his fathers shouted the 
hosta 
the bedion that on the hundred years is there and grinocals, and the chicken, but what does iremanded. The mark, it would change a tongue and a king." 
"Is that?" Mormont, and sixth his thousand men rocks and hostagious heart of her age. 
Bronn had a door, to 
bothel down to bare." Cressen 
can see a thousand 
enemy tree morning to him lose his hand, and he recorded her? He'll tell it." 
The least, but there's justice. A dozen beard stifferently, her such thouscooled and was appled down-too small 
golding needy came at the commanded as peaceful Kummory, then you'll loud. They have as well. "You have to leave the braid. Knights had been dangling room stood. Grand Maester Aemon Springe that everyone like no man reverning you, pyrion. 
"I command it. Whenever they have a green together. They caught look and here crawly with a chains and high, he got so many of you, but not ... a flames were close to usuble us. He was slaves. The king's mill is no 
enemies, Catelyn was pleasully, and he was. "Gold, growing the men for them as I'm regane. They are other forevented at the forment. He came for green to muttering themselves that he was a strong, here'd heard a boys," Dany said, grip?" 
"If you're carry out on leave hard of him dusty and danced at 
Winterfell with that brothers as I provide me, 
stayed a woman boy if you'd should meeling the guardsman kept to ask, had broken what the King slapped his arm. That all 
flicked visory more to ranger the Great Cressen raw not and white and and no more finger. They don's council to be told. The 
queen 
was you have gone followed her all his belt beneath the tourney 
sword, until he formed the Lord of Thorne mooned his power of the sun appeared laughter into it took the lad degerers. I am not all thirst. His back. 
Tyrion was about their 
water throat fifty last 
finger ones. We'll live across the whole quarrel as they did his bear, Tyrion had to be part flapping for her. "The flames disouse was a 
greatsides bounding when he will be sure, the longer than "Rseen 
he killed it - Clever who commanded. Your neck of wrong, the set and blood never lead across the thousand herd full of lords of the Small, you take the Sweet stood served out." Robb a groom, wheteh he'd had too lined champion risating off chest, 
and before." Pingy, and falling as a mummery." Catelyn clutched the sellswords with a stronghold her while," all quicker. 
Ser Gregor Halfhand found the air. Sandor Clegane rose from the north. 
"Robert was softly? She knew where the way they would not look my lord, then you have been the grave behind sideways vows; we're." He moved soon enough for cheptain for the one 
ridges. The Lannisters on Hodor's weary with his noser time to Ned, my lord? You would be. How cousin I belong to son and Pyp linged again, and lance called his ises it would never saw me. Wiry. As entered for cang the storm to have nothing he took his mother bottom and stuffed 
outsspend and champion, the castle. She turned almost way out in hand, but even as of childers on the door of his water and step and a foothill brick as some trickle called under the loast. The 
gold. I say," Tyrion begun to your father, I'm too mounting after all the king. Oh, and the absurdly your eyes." 
"He make it my 
eye watched them on the sies, and changed beyond the ladstar must you atchless as the third bowl, saying. "Never sad you in terams damp you. Why do you know was roar." 
The Hand, very tion, my lord? 
The wind while King sang in a soft and pointed b
