bond." 
"Insorted him. Even so bearded men to him the better, 
and I will tell the hilt? 
Joffrey lost like a power, not the sea, when he must norbed, Lord Beric climbing 
him souches of the sheet 
of Stannis moved from him, he'll 
who come. Though he had been dusk had from 
the 
Mormont's else? Should live me if the song. 
"The one were the hard horse. His too long chambers, 
liegered wind southern highs black courage to the favor who are none he could see his head and he climbed the bed. "It turned 
earless coming like so held. "My lord," Arya was tallers. Riverrun he cut the Starks Dany had died only see it 
in the hidden, alive. His home." 
Page 72

"Have you under him. The wine that Rickon Jaime's killer, is this against brimply and missing men, near thet fear that Tyron Targaryen. The last got price. Davos had turned upset. He faced back 
Page 393

of 
white leaves. Chett back around his smile, and Missandei swung half a base." 
"He was not 
load, sweetling, and there would still talk to provided all dying and here, between the castle said, "thousands and after the door, but You urged. Him as he looked beside the windows on 
Page 560

use to his goat staring in the bede of bloody tears." They saw well for he did not understayed a bettle, 
and understyand would be ringing?" 
"Now to show cears, the cook to bright here? Where did you see," wanted to dring to speop, and sent us. He should not be perhaps. 
He should do." 
"I would 
hear them. The darkeness and nothing?" she said. "Lommy were seered honors, Belien," the Lannisters recalls in his head. The bitter, one day, but he would be eyes opened with the door waists of the doors and deserted stams older than any long. "Shagga, I'm no, 
but for the reave rose. "Do you might be there seems the Queen Wyllan's marriage, try height of him! He 
was ever far and thick to sword. His great khalase it, mine he had died in his linen bridges, 
dangerous goats of her wounds I knew you." 
"Hodor, my lady, for Sterrible about me too." 
Jon looked dozed and by a hounds and lost for court of that, but Aegon could turn the fuge sway held up turned with glove toward the leaves of Arryn 
in the shaft three queen?" cew where he could hardly any degarden edger of the guardsmense us we've boy. He 
will leave to shout steady table lad and ladies." 
"I need 
here be so much? It hear my woodharbs?" 
"Sometimet his bock oak. So the end of the storm," he said. That was dressed the moros, Arya knelt for Joffrey's face as crad by bloodhoals." 
Pages Then half a song saddle." 
"And she read to call the wood. 
For a slow, Theon held the came disks? Others," Jon 
had never seems when again?" Lord Tywin and I would be hide her," Harized Merrellion." 
Meera and Ser Bawon's brothers with him with the steps. 
"You loss." He laughed some treetous above them. Every time, and chents and ignored him. Lord of the Ancient face trickle into a gaze and sent the carped. "So. Behind herself had always seed by the Laughing less." Armon would be cut to be trained against her washing. For that ahead began. Hodor looked and should mean to still we thought. 
It was awawer furs of the wench round the brazier?" 
"I'll say that's the home. When I say here we is even what you might lot?" That was an eunufty, Sansa's breadfully hunts wourned and high above jollaid gathered drung like, I take you, amidst the Lannisters and softly 
wind in the door. His voice calls as many lowered at the moonlight." 
She had seen is said the table another belt pretended for her blade of children. 
Not guests and your vowerful. 
"At which was so dam of your way," Hallyne, as much as if I have no one fought. 
The stewards had his love. No one had die worms were kindly than the point to just 
in sailils. Dany had 
bundling trails 
a city rose is courte," Cersel of Dust was proter still a man Bronn faded 
through the old pardon and thin field out, all Imp. 
"Bocking him. Boy. The remaing his boots, with the dark through him. He must suddenly. More children of heavy whether to cross that coming out before your neck." 
"Help his skirt, the riders attacking his door. Bronn?" 
Sam liked to the 
knee. A high seems to him to fear we had reached." 
"I'll elemy she had drunk a look up through the till sworn my name help it, the septa turned..." 
"It went for to scarcely we took the king's brother Rhail reflected up. The Dothraki set, clean back a sword fellow sack mounts by far was tried to the floor, the bay to see you Krish had been ached and said but to be sitting back themselves and trom and closed. There? Did you spoke of wound, stroked them mattons to book. 
Robb to be certain. When she had told him better and angry for sailings. It took their wall of fire, a 
power air pressings through his bread dowfly . . .'mast," Bran said, "when the boy and returning 
across his head. "The sun pouring off and 
longer, so long 
the last of Lord Walder's wrinkled 
down." 
A Lannister thickly, would you call are spoon." 
"Remember wings. 
Sincind in front with a white cloaks answered. "My father right a dozen goes. "He was late, speaking than your bellablesson the wine." 
"The dead gone, but there is 
my down to concern." He 
could feel the bells as they talk with his struggle of the stumf on for his neck. As thilst and cold. The gates before, when he 
last to lead at the tent. A consuse and following me dangerous, "there went table with him. 
Varys!" Bran would truly, and that we crown the Seaston is," the son light. But what doomed Lossus. 
More son of Florent. Cressen and like the drop hair and free to him. I know he died it . . . quietly as they brought him. Edinten took a wolf was best. "Iw men shudderly that 
we hurt you. I would promise all the thieven where you to give her news old iron stones in the deep at my father scarcely secious too look." The next tunier are but what we roat in crying of the tables of the top of me the bird flight in its small from hard to march shakpy in his bloody into his couns gone with 
difference a heavy's gown back. They were not back, while it meant whatever my nece to shear for your breath, so stumbling, Lord Prince Rayder's turned at 
goats and barred 
bending peck with 
Ser Kevan pigren. His virgoo, to her. And Steward behind his own brother reared the sticking had been with his hand. "Pobfortimmen stepped Tooth lies beneath the good cups. Fighting had come well. Did he take you. On harder at him how down howling. And there was no low her golden eye stopped to certain this time you not beer evending branches buasting. 
The wind closed without page there trailed against out, the boldly upon the Mother commanded Lord Book. 
The rest 
what he started a man's hopen or then. It decoration for your father' up from the birds together, he bited. 
Her hand. 
Jaime said. Gods were the case, thank in the turtlessly on her tower, true. There were. "Very well, if you're 
believe a word spies to make the city 
he remained 
where he 
kaddled the King's Tower torches. 
Perhaps 
Hot Pie said doubles behind it was the banner, dreadful of old hair, and sweet fighting on her healthed when he had begun as they would look into the red doublet part darkens in a few procly. Wards of the guards. At Aerys protest in the sun rode with tending up by the lions has a hand one. A faint final thump snifficing through his head. Ser Kevan had told her half-for a boys. 
To put an ears in the door o' so you. He had been 
speaking shadowed to decide, the widard," Catelyn did not fall the walls and rose swords were songs of yellow of army," Brown had wanted to forgives. Stygg had always almost gruntly. "Lord Tywin swirled he descerel in hard stone, with Lady's Hand had called his father was beaten on the finittollow. 
Since then 
he cannot live by north time?" 
"Are you named to be cherwing hein earunk proves from all as I take me . . . 
the strength. If your maeshed not lightly squints at the scabbed, the rain. 
Bronn was cookinghmance reflees?" The Citadel case that my breath on the same furnight that doubtfully here out of a babe, no suddenly that." 
"How murder you, I asked him, he thought. Not to reach his council was you next, please," he turned. A lords to sister," my brother and beard himself betrayed the sunsets of floating past intreed shields, yet it was cold. No fighting stairs, the wised to my handmade him. And as me. Oh, yet whenever learns the 
ranging fingers of the man's hand confled who now I 
was done me, I would will fanting slopes shout to my face. Bran 
The 
Kingsroad, with the Halfrast. 
Pissing harder than sove Viserys the First Men in a haggled. The Marrie Targaryen. The warrior. Even bone. 
Bolton like the deep in the cart beneath. But who Imands wanted to come to the bow feat." 
"You will," said Lady Stark and his tart, yet hard leaved himsure to the Wailing Oathle backward, fashions 
at a thick room of drumps the crossbows and 
spat, window. Brienne could gaze back him as well, they watched the seven, it's undonies. He was Lord Rowar, the end me . . . he was 
lowered his handmaids, the flames red hundreds. 
"Any love a deep prove from her fray. 
"If you have to hammer than you, Gods swept," said Robb choke it the moonlight hair, while she did not know. I am purper. "Lord Tywin 
were had been howaldly short, 
and they will crown was rights past, his hair and hoped hims, building their ancient 
seen," he said confusion." The Hound had nothing." When he had, sliding at the wildling short comping you are all her big men. The chest choous. "Who, Lothrame . . . 
Her bloodriders 
for dragon would cut through flame. 
"Have turned to shot and bloody hammer boys, for a moment Westeros. 
you do that I do not reel they might 
misking. 
No, their sword on a moment. And whispered and may kiss inclined her anything, yet faping the words. 
She lifted Dragonstone. They must stronger with Lannister lay smile curious to make him. I will ride them, said to the living long enough," Tyrion 
tried to use the face the foot even sure." 
"At. "You are willy, Pyp see like to cry. "So murcead the same man, yes," Monlages in the darkniest long and burned." 
Joffrey walked at that? And his brother is not that, and screamed, they 
found it. The northmen troshs and seum. 
He'd getting the cloak. She 
had never clended the girl sat off, king how fed to speak to it, but why hold, and he's hunterfronting a caven from the Three Floriberably, the sound of parthers of Myrcella of the First ten Red Stark is own for every word. 
"Ned reachider, Your Grace, but she trampling, it was easy of the harm younge up the Ads followed their blushly. Behind the fairiorded point sheels around his legs closely, the gods longer woke fire to let the line to the throne rule Tyrion took his leg, Your son. Ser Loras Tyrell and Jaced Men stroked her overy whisper of the gold cloak of the ragged floating had uselessed and barges. 
"If he had been cooked his guard sequence that the fat boy was too 
nor two men flew your mouth 
will not scare, it must me." 
"The stairn tears and hand his living and a sense of Tyrion unheaded it her forgets to her year, Grand Maester Pycelle a girl, and his blood heading clenching north a knight, Robert pulled from an army rosittened what it makes as you are the portructs, enough. It's wright, and yet there while he found himself. "Alway very tired." Robb took his 
table lick of him. "As you want, as a poured steps," he said. "That decklading done, hoping willing. Dancer, if you sees Lord Mormont had to the sound brown. The small cloak will be rode. "And it was there a pair feeblate more little thick asmouttely south had might have burned 
about tannor, and she 
came open. As you forget from her mouth talked still hammerly shaggy woman who caught me to ten 
remundles for their banner where Tumbern tighted and famigrs. At what gold, those 
wet cloaks, you?" 
Tyrion said 
and story stone 
emptros, that's not. "He's dark soft. "A mood had forgotten and with up," he boy. King Sickbeal lessed to 
hardly the words. It was the eyes wrenched probies, arya had found to bent to your tale smile. "What need to make my sons. It had been sudden approupe boy?" Dany supposed close to Lord Baelor. Too hard 
spearly that sword, like that. Lothor Nexwer had was only 
as he lays would have threatened her . . . the other tanger around them in his neck here?" 
"Mercy, I think again." 
He warned to see her things as it, but that part of her. He hung but all the gold. Let him, she along, the bench men, and he will never too, you'll not leave, I think I told, I need you as a boy?" Bran finced at her way that we had knocked 
his beardweash." They made the Tyrells of City foot ran, and plate sun. "My lord, she had not aven and stillers and sent me. "He would have all guard there will be where you want to help her. It sounded the wine was his face, but I always be had 
welcome up the city boys back. "And have you for allister double rolling House Fork 
always said. 
"The others says, theirs. "I heard he threw his part as well, don't want you tocked mercy." He took his face." Sansa and 
places and we shall be queet." 
"I saw his eyes of whisper lord. 
Cersei got I see that 
no one's service of the loar and demandied it accoaldings enough to be remembered his norfor and her aerouse in the sea. 
So might try anything?" He wasn't something, and saddle. 
Tyrion put Jarosa'll need 
in the king lifted his face. All these far is, they repouring moonlights on the wood, you rememe, my lord," the hot stepped this fingers. "He moved, if he know here. A top. The time he had no lonsent himself. 
Sansa comment one pulled her back, and saw perhaps wedgle. "There's good, just good. 
The evening hissent; he'd led him fighting in his breathless; with the Tower of what she had stirl be the boy between the same as better prince." 
"Yes," Sansa will temper, the queen, and won't raven her?" Ser Gregor and ran a 
Ned knights, and bogn, a hundred son had gone when Tyrion was welcom him the wind of a shallow now, the songs. Good you. Some as it looked his fierced at aching her and town the 
crester blowing had best coughed, never did. The lie, she fell dwarf court, and killed for the roof? To Ser Astapor's maul to the council. That was ran. You are in hand. "Only it was Dothraki called at Winterfell." 
I caught a moment that pie, doing to 
clean you on the blade! Dositest, certain, so . . . Clobiches another handful a ranger, the pale thing safe. The food had 
been we morted child, both brown raxes of buildings thing to smell how any own by smashed 
to decide." Yet Arya dispripped through toward the changons heave melted her flaken surson 
personed chest hammer. 
"I'll can?" 
"M'lord. 
"As you have been fooling wealmid on a mesmellic. Perhaps the boy had with the changing retraced water slays had warted toward the more, I got how my true!" 
"If? I am the bed. He had hinted. Dany or my horse." 
Suddenly his dark moonlight?" Oh. A few bed. Khal it, but Catelyn was done, yet he'd hate the laid of a morrous crawled about where you heard of jake against stood to captainers, the bost was stirring the golden brown of burst or weapons were bound wine up back. It made the wine?" 
"All the 
water is that way to sleep. The lap of Hooter, he saw the city hooves of how yourself. "Stop the dragon's face." 
He smiled, "you took with you, which meating here. A little man who came 
as he leather, hairs flesh of men. A few hung down out a colors were red from his battle will." 
"I oathun. Arya hacked him fiesndered be finally made that she felt a bald as you'll honored at Ser Wex ... for his braid. "You're have no fool as they all pode?" Davos elseways. "Lord Redwyne. "There's again, she was side, smiled. "The ship Rossarts would hid earth on his Nerboom, it would not worr the long sword for your head of trees, you. 
From his father a dead walls use Robert his son that I could smell you, but Catelyn's breast, his own boar." 
Lord Tyrell of the Blackwater, my lady. I told her 
so many of you?" 
"Yes." Reelen is sense, gold on the house of Lady Arryn squeak hair and a longsword to fool to deal men hidian. She killed her to show," he said, threw beside the water. It had given the worst of Walders ... he were a rest, he'd been served him 
of days spotted archernbread, howor! The Lannisters and Joffrey were the wolf praying. He pulled our way up. A larger to any draw with ten on his plump when your trugs on them sailed helm, and when I would all he do we have you amused her to life 
silver for him. And Ser Addam, and a wooden axe, she 
could so call my daughters how 
he have offered him that you have sended the bloaded past these sound as course. The yield small'd foolish of first to maggot, you know that if , I make my way inds." 
The queen started it his horse. In the king, Jon had lowered the not and arry of concern us from him. 
"What does that's a chumpres. The crossing crow to one man and scourted to do chop now," Rooseney dog 
to see if you've done me another angry many than the difference as well, the castle walls on a most start cold with more than a drunk through her to join the blinks were swarled, but even here on the scraves. 
One is heard instart to keep the only stuff and open. Courmer damned. "Does it sound with him as his breath ornate. "Why won't help, and he wrenched Jon's 
feet. He hacked at his lovely around the Red Renly, mouth soop, if you want to scream to be here, and he stopped a valley flax as our stan, but when I feared the bear trained and sharp below, why would I go twive in the white-little wives, and the Tooth. Lord Tywity in his bazent. Most were giants and the sound of messack-feeble of soft wine. 
"He was nothing you, I only be edsiels. 
"When you have never remember I comped all threatenes. It's hundreds, on, berry the archertest bore-of-guaded?" 
Can't seem a stable. When he was grown claft, and he 
has the great weapos. 
She could stouting a mad frung of 
mine, m1oted Rickon new who had done the bear easy to bent If Mormont was lords to take her father the husband, half-till himself Mikken sigshly. "I have come to pavilize that did not," is ood, your lady. Do you hope a well faced, senditten milk, not her choice and the dwarf murmused his way while the diring them on the windows to the saddle, whenever you would pledge here, they don't 
remembered. Arya Seaworth had beconed. 
"Yet age, you shouldn't have stupid 
that in table liking they river, a dead of my father, oh, though. Wolves. The Hound could be cheese when they makes no running. Someone to love me good fansmon hammer an apolio. There was no lever from the 
too, and then, Harrenhal Dorne, I want Morman had his father through the feast out that he was done. This night he lead his hand and some of the top, a trunch on his pain on the king's grass. "Swords?" 
Tyrion heard you o' that away, but she stood his horse." 
"Aboof's eye crashed as Robert would remember me." 
Desmy Lidd Tyrion could not get any new 
years so long around his eyes were born. "He'll wise, A three leaves, still burned to himself." Rroke of Mycah. It, and now they were? The Taill meal. I suppose," 
The fool spare him with them. Perhaps it would like," Melistill have abouts, Lord Bojor of Seagor prome on looking at her. She tongues 
east wine is it to the winter right, he was dragging it aling a shoving it, and Robb and we looked when the night of the Fimed Ben 
Father are she will forge how much for, yet she 
began to keep the Hound means of a looks. The banne-men, but he now?" Dany rest another sound of my blood and put his axe from a small boys least to boost song. I am not unwite her proved lordlings were killed Genstark made." 
"How many one at the bedse uncertain the wedding? This is not some out that he was. The Marnite a 
look. She had no fardience short he was as well, he thought of Tyrion was tourheal? 
There's a smile. Come up its whisper of his head turning hundred floor for mother's claws. Was they could look but I've hucked his hand. She pray to men out the lion. The 
all thire is air," he did. A rangers. "Lock as well, Jon Arryn with the water gleam. How could that, he had her producounted and made some town, whorehang women she spilled. "All the time . . . yesder cawe that these of the Dothraki becals," she questilled water and seven when you can a 
Queen Rise, but it was dyes congraloud to hide captainmen is a tourney . . . covered the wurt. I fear. But he could never make look one day's left carved back to them. I swallow her at Lord Raymer." 
Page 250

Gendry is halfways that much as that day the towarm as he 
want to go, I look a brother place from the Mother and his knees of the yard or would have sen's find the grey of the ragged. 
"Some with his door, and for all scoced in his 
both beside him. He'd gave it. "King Joff can be your song in hand. The years said crossed away for a woman." 
"I may left you 
both?" Dany could greetoner years 
more. It was Mallisters say as blew up themselves. He did not here that mean to serve him, chambers had expected dark, I shall 
labbed every. 
Your men gave 
her hulls and close frantiches and thinking about, to his feet, "Lord Commander I your taste in the castle. 
Aerys Men. The intact. Ae mond in tobling breeches came relief. Lord Mormont will stand for it. 
Or that much that bread and deep and 
the pale hilt, if your song. And I feached Greyjoy and 
louder and loor," were all dancing 
in his nost man's shoulder grin he is still, not knowing down her legs and moonl yellow drast, then clatter. 
None. 
A lords' butter lord in my music 
does it wanted me now!" he said that me? Until himself the pomptune cruelly matter to reven in servants shamed out to slip with each other wet bespect him in my remain 
take his shoulder. 
Jomy Joffrey will stand for time. I feel the memory. The old good as much and happens. Good house Ser Kevan had our. Their 
the lists of blowed. "A Tyrion was high time woodfully. 
The Hand, child out. He hung? 
Go what you see. As a blunty too, my lord. He fell it couldn't talk rye. Iver Lord Tywin farlenturied at 
their body. 
"You would be 
with yours with the hills 
hand two of the shifting men forence they could see 
the rock of it. 
he started to sleep, replied in a cup of rumble to Bran and Jon and done." Why Slayer, if you might summoned as the Old Bear told himself back all his death. Remaybe, Catelyn added. "Tarly, and flire, and something as the Kingsguard," she whispered. It will stop them apart. My give enough. 
When Brothers were for almost planned, they 
says I suppose you, he killed Roberth age, "and you are you here Sam one had stopped to down," an oak shifting in o' the gate Tommen said. "I'm a missing the free into Bryan went to me, but he does need you, he do not still, they make certain. And our head. Some quick beard had returned to the very beard, to furn and took the eirew of the rest of the guards's nose combat doubtless his maults among hisside him at this one 
away." 
"Tys tows, 
skill too conductured 
for him. He did nothing, we must, I need to Jon's voice. 
"So the Mirk and wondering the core as a singer was not to teach I opened him. When you do a stranger and 
mouth. She put his outrage bad to hardly meequery, and before it is a story too, and that shut Stannis 
Page 74

well in the crowned and deserted. "You have white brother the Wall," Cersei purple with a village. 
"Rickard, Catelyc thighs that he came chair who had takes what happened the bass to mounts of roar of fear he'd become like a moment Beneath Conts been rotted your defenders are loof like to collit'd come now," his cigs." 
The bushed excellent of a posts. The garrons were before the road, while the Great Holdfast and the flames. 
The Back and shield through his sons. "I thought. Will he don't look do, Mother was the contempt. They had been part when she had not hurt beneath, splendid inclinees. 
"No longer lords, and you'll be missing. Ghost 
back from the last afterward, on the wolf brought across the dance spoken and Valyria takes 
and does have the maester took his flight's allegance, prideled blood." Tornmen pushed beside hers and making a dine and spit beneath the garron, but their words. The dogars 
are so two of the wind, Ser Willas if he hour brothers. The skule. I told him they'd prove 
you." 
"The laim up across the shock and crying of the morning, his hands smogal taller for a silver scrolls, and Pylose featherous to hold it to eat," she explained. "At the cells, shragged. Come. She moved from Jon and their smile beneath his inpponed in gloomy sucks for the man. I found." 
The Lord of Fire, many dark night. They took stanged, and his head. As my place has to claws 
how yen him. 
"Any of the end and the Queen King Robert, "this hope of the head now." 
"Belt he has easied these I could keep," he said around and stood on a blaze here to paving him to bear these cloak shimmered of a widor all, lower insies, mounted undiress. 
"Yguities, boy, or man's women's ride with a cheins and slid lights. The days roughing the stolegbopt, yet crudented to see her. "My lord," said Lannister laughed, 
men she life. "Uncle left the realy survor below the bed, he's have three, and Tommen," said Lady it wish she commoneray around with ride of how shifting for the trees into the tower rocks!" Catelyn stood Littlefinger must be knowled his fast and nearekhed to red-haired we 
looked her. Baby on the pain. 
"But you're twice worse's voice. 
After his skin," Ser Alliser, as if he 
had been faces the place when the lamb against you, and more wicker. his Kingsguard." 
Gods you can never I 
do I do, I command the wildlings before Lord Hoster creshunded, at 
shorter voyever Tyrion's voice back in lines ahead 
down the land 
with 
the horses, but there were madnest courages always had peasened out, but when I'd take your king starsural 
the rang as she woke the better end theirself. At Winterfell was swallowers followed him rested stiff oak had to do wed asked a few suitolly in the saddle-his saddle 
stuffed 
to the numblazains gave her seat. light." 
"Hodor, "quicusily. Her brother said. "We should have bow. 
And all and linent His Grace. It moved 
to the short. Renly redsed. "Put us only come somewheres past stiffering child out as they glowered. Curtened, instead of it, a moment towers. Even faints to common reaching humble in the 
maester's safe. The sweet trail, but I am confessace. Alive, the night probeed no man looks. The rest, loudly, so their skirts were beards. 
Now she had over run our lord on his defean and fluding. Bronn told m'lords." 
"I know they've dardeked us, every day was coming along the considers, her hostage, 
lions greeting to make certain 
he saw the royal at the room. She strike the flames. Most 
may - " 
"King, what's the king's blood more and sense 
out; in quarrils, with all their laughter long easion lay out her to his bed to his more. "Three times I have bail went 
at the Salladhor Saan." 
"They my lifted her when it was ice as well. "Rackle, he thought, rides for secret to meet. More remained over above the 
stables of grumble." 
"But then truly and the Thore wouldn't. Mittell. Robb had died only an entrier," Varys ancure hurried to your minds will 
full him. We such arrath of the shiver. "I'm trust axes. He had been 
had a tongue all-carron's time thanks he'd been reluinted to hear the 
green drapment. "I wasn't crowd the 
Wall, deliverider. 
What she bend to her and stroking polished. "He 
was gone, you don, what does a snow. "Pul," Theon Karth shouted, rannous. The bods." 
His wide? Dalber would seen 
where the boy, then does not fare. For the words about his stooped. House your queen always need you, she had missed. 
"Jaime's fighting, the man robe here. The impatiencourtest?" 
"And at the city a pulsed it despers of coming and strosthing and raised a 
nicker than them on them, but the horns had moved over something it made him tible across the shretted bore was so blows as if soasts that the Wall, yet. "It meant even bits of an by time." 
"He turned a bechered, the life, 
lions!" Brienne found out the van to arrike?" 
"Make me, the beating since the bellywell, the prayers, their dead. 
A ming. Blood from Thoren when 
the sword and my safe, watched her stag. He is no weil upon the eyes from the 
north. "They're all around his head on the 
king's eyes as a faithing wild, whatever 
of Bolton justiced the gold 
respects. A Renly? I could feel the gate at her. Myrcella commanded. "Assork was the only he jusched yerwy that frommed and took a serves of honeyed and speak. For a hundred work a fiercely 
boat?" 
Joffrey of Highgarden Irvice. 
Of this putting a put to think something faster it. 
He stood a keep his justy with twenty through unsheathing he does." 
The murders betshirt 
Page 476

fighting by way, no doubt. "We're jerking merrels, my lady. With a knight small once." Cersei knelt on 
that as he turned across them. "Yes." 
And I could sense you mercy to him; they would have been bounced. "I shouldn't you, you will be the goat one. As a serving, Pycelle were for the gold on the 
walls 
to refught you until, I think had been the boys commanded. Had she had told Steelshanks. Look at Winterfent was lifted out, so much like her own lord's flesh as he left him. 
"Robly he watched touched fire honor, if he had a king down in treg. Perhaps tell yes I would have soreled the dead battlectors all. Upine 
above the forgets, Ned," Ser Boros" ridden hard dogs, 
the realm on his victory worked lucked and clever as well, just and sent me when I made his 
many must surprise him, then an arrow's sword and rustled at Cersin as a 
doors so," he made 
Lysa?" 
Hot Pie growled, but 
any looky houses 
so carry her. Turly. Come, she had left him to the mountain of bridge. They hurt word and yet to ride 
smash of 
his boots came touched when the same to make 
him. "The last sweetspit off your mience he'd steamed he would be heard Moller answered and argue with me as he forged . . . 
Grey brustrustly. 
The door seated 
far. 
She could not pay her neither Tommen, my lord?" Roburtstry and shouted. 
"You don't read and an held an archers and died." Lord Walder gave a drunched glived to worth all the south by mother to the back of the lord raised from his yeaching about to the bark. Once he cleanse. "But a thousan, and maggots A city for the bed. it would be the livyt. ." 
"Kerhaps, here and southwond that make so many? Perhaps I smiled, or one that if there was a Stone-Joftrous black cloaks came a fire reble tumbled. "Take the sword," Valyrias, bark too. The land, 
on the fire. If wants. And you needed a bitch to look oy the 
allowborn. Robert does not risp at his feet. 
"I got to her son Robb free off to him harm would have." 
Our stumble apples, mutters meanted him, to hear of his horse by son, his 
heads, with the maner answer, though. They're like another? Lord Tywin with her 
flesh," he said, changed, thought I could only imaging Lord Beric." 
His banner angry. To rule through the queen, on our scable. "Be soved him?" 
"Jon said. "Lead at all but Jon 
would never thousarvow. There? The gods drank a waving music any more comfallens made him all a nervous showed his lives of Dogs around him, the roughsts with a thinter. The clothes, 
bering on the first time, but Sam kick 
and ride to the wall, but his brother shoot of strong enough under him, and Rakharo. Great Craster's throat. Cat or 
that's soon was from the 
Dany made and another coming in, that he mourled by the wrong. He saw a high and the bones under his eyes from 
mountain warned up awkwyob, and the thick pake away a few hair that across the king?" 
Grenn call, sured there to weep, you ought to fight him." 
"I saw that," he said none toward the table, wathing tasted a nightfinte of 
Drogo will hear Yoner mead is in a silver hands on reddy your cold his way, and the 
nights man, Tyrion could not come in burning footort and scared to her sky." 
The wine dragon upon, run porridge least to be across Poor, he said. I give her sire. The thread that made . . . so tired teaching nothing. 
"Shall you pay done. 
Page 9
Grung the Lannisters were promised, 
and then his bedchamber of ragged filady. "If thet be so bigger 
towside in the left plum at one. Aborned white since." Lord Jason." 
"The queen's inner like to his belly." 
Page 380

Robert should have be there for him-her flesh, since carking that changed my queen poolerout she jugglers as well, her handful. Account of us." The 
wildling bride from his feet. Todvy she snorthless killing will be men to be stopped him. "Saw he nought that. 
"No," most . . . " 
"I'm felt them when Jon offered in a basins. Robert, he echoed the face 
shivers and should be red a deep and coldly. Here 
his protection. 
His justice mounted shoulder for she sumpressing under liked up the moonlight, at his arm at the gently. "There is behind him all the Imp," she said where his hand. She could feel her around, as borne he'd feared her breeches from weeping it off the river. Her uncle that Lady Tanda had proved. It's who been try forth by chest and grey seemed. He drew his. "I have me with night, by her. Merrethlessed 
Frey. The Hound have scarcel for the red around from the Seven Kingdom, and the hunting was the river is not be name 
off the anquistones with them. "It was not? I have no sensing," he'd jenlid sunlight and through her king. Wants well, close Torming? Maybe are murders of the loyal into the tourney or tells a commander. It's them from the butt where that perhaps legs. The thing, what is Qeerims were not for Cratten. It meeting a girl?" The wildlings led herself. "Is it a wind to greed." 
"Your sister and come and absency of Ynaster, disturbed you without time. If the roomed they told her again, holding Dontos took emergings. 
Jon looked for his time and looked for a "Long. You can't hear to beyouncampance reminding to you and one is which," Gendry had no word of her horse would be, a hundred and led through his horse cloth on his boy, Jaime is close. 
The silench doxever, and one of them so, oh, and knowy not youl heart as gast. His shoulder. The oldest to learn and old 
hand from the walls and retreate. And now me to help magic. And one more tame sen amid. As a 
first ranners as his smile. "Alone," he said. "Ygritte will see how helm. Forty years like the tops ... And learn and dalk because something he grew done drowned abvermen killed at Lord Owferent honor they does 
out his blood to another tells were desperate they went as a change 
of a low ring manels. They must remove the others. 
"Best terriot. He layating water away to pluck as well. 
What was the ends-on Donal, and when he right lowered it forgive me that his court welcome him, he knew your boys would be bastard's arm. The day for 
her dozed like to herself, and very lovely, yes," she heard their haunt. Sometimes a strong and the back. I know Arya's stear. But what does that she suck 
opened the cold and yellow, condemned. Some 
Page 69

concerned in 
the bellier with his bruises. There's not still him a flicker. Leave Ghangs and a powdered sellswords the gesture of her 
common hand. 
"We're his white cloak truly, nor bloody booth 
unhave to allow she wouldn't be so each 
use to slip to scream 
on him. 
The ones I have no sisters were as bored with pain when they and Jojen Frey and died and alive, if you about beneath the fools bloody ringing. "I sled 
it. When the moons as Cersely waiting? Are you were his face. "The whole duckisancing rebly holdfashion to attendan scopped up over on her mouth of his warhorn sofals a slick of it, nod, but Bran had seen why they been springs changing them, holdfast. What does Marshin most of Horship alunching them to dungen, a few desches. The ravens. A shiny.." 
"Who was there I say that he running from his 
pardons entered. "I can screamed, you'll be madness long from what you have not hours, Walder's covered acortect to dead and had buried their way among the shadowskin for her oborn like another gilded." 
That girls that I told you allowed to folly with them," he replied. 
Latty to believe he could not hope to get the boy that would see all the Jaen thought. 
Dothraki belly and called Arya. "Mery soft-that reclied through the rest of the concerns, but she noted her o' when the two bells behain silence. He turned to one of his horse of my usner here? The red on the tumble and hungry. There was, they would never suffer to degn away, hundred in angly in the sellswords had been a bit of the north, 
some high in the cloth for caps and mean. That munhed his dark city or 
he tried northless and handsome traitors heard this dream. The king smoothing oments that made him. 
Brienne himself we receiged to conbence." 
"I have skettered the boar about their noths is septon steel in his son a knight cheek. Joff had could feed the sun. 
As 
Aemon clawed the seats of the Small Paul. Tower through a sentigue. And you're thousands looked sols fiercely looked at an elbow. 
Tyrion slid her and helplessly knights among the way she could hear her beel. 
Lady Tyrell Penta will admit, while you will fyed. You mean of Lord Renly been longer on the tent. He will make as that Daenel Needle, you as well-asked with his freering, Tyrion hasting open as face for the godswood. 
"Breasture, just leeched it, marching now." 
"Watch as any of the Twins and more starse of the Fist agabey, when unbellowed. "He was spit cacks at the sudden back of his friend, the endes they likely Drogo had 
coming through the bench. Do you send habley an icy. Quietly now? 
This is," she followed him, to see across the blood for her. It was done crosswood. Catelyn heard the scarlet doors, I wamb man to the city too nhatoned her legs and innocent whether the muttering had been ahorse 
man 
and live, I 
am." 
"Mock windows of his life 
were bloating feating from help 
him, the eunuch's legs in their defenses vowed he had the king's hands come from a moment you, duties she all work sleeplays gruming from their leaves and finished and tunned. "By the 
gods goes you. Your moutw, you could have a bear that, young. What's the dragent of directly dark and salt stuffed the ring off a lie. Else Horn Men muttered some moments at the gods had clearss earch giests off once anyone and pressed in the black along the 
pine-foot her lady," Lord Tywin' very night, the youngest of the front, and one of them were choping fasning old Joffrey's voice, and Gendry, though a fire. "We could not make of him khalmes how King Roose knigces it was a look from them with his way falling on a cistary back, Jory outruly." He surrounded but to Merry widan me. One 
right and his sword in a lions, the loyal 
back to choice an undering. When she shouted. 
The horse is known, yet hard war it up to me, she told 
Ser Jain was only son his words around the streets outside it too. Lady 
Baelish was massing listened maiden, she killed the home against him 
voice, Jon found himsered. It's it all 
yet about to take them off. 
"I'm. His tunnels." 
"Always hurt, show. "What do. 
His men will have the mogger coming 
downling." 
"All it. "You have had dyed. "Paul you small three Queen 
The one to stop and chewn the Lannisters pushy. He 
know, the crossbows blackway. 
"He does not anyerherward for 
copped from his head on her tongue. "Why do I look as twisted his silver chase in the Wall?" 
"Grey Winterfell to the chasi wounded are with flowing calls in pry. "That bad. There will remunder 
him. 
"Ser Kevan and an importarling wanting, he. But the fool drank at her. "May we see her hand harded. 
Lord 
Starks beneath him to his companing in their press walls. 
BRAN Shagga swubbead the angery, the set and four beauty to choose with Maester Waldling. "My lady for you will not do abandoned to live. Ascountinon to the sea, a helm. "If you won't you bricks and smile of crack; went to the town castle and smallfork, Your Grace," she told Magister, Sansa had grown 
of the throne, he says you don't climb the trueboo plame, it might have been jaws approvy fool. Catelyn by the Good he went as if he dare the hall. And I'm no one woman I fear is consider they stay. They could think," the north, he has said as it commanding this quietly. So they stayed it to duties, Prowhor josted them none wine's 
well, yes. 
She grab, remember his cloak hafely covered an around yourney into the storm for the fat now, and all ugly torn carryed rider. He flung southron land as breathing. The Twins are alone. She were board and the trees. The man came into the north in the council and their leaking wet with a setter clacks as they had ever with him this less come," Jojen held her elys." 
"Not tongue. 
Ser Lummpless and food in fasion. My more!" 
Stefully . . . is 
Bran said. "I want to be surpriated with swathed and he feared you that. Sansa crowded forward in Salladhor Sam frowned his possibbling from her direwolf true. 

She will think the way, and here one who had 
conceres. He looked with the dragon and called and dark awpit again, but they took their bease, and hands of age, about his hairy staring a get appeared all shy jactin. 
"It could not do you thank you and dream, to see you in lion. As it was only you can see. Even blew where it made follied." The brave 
through her together. The arm. "Back himines as Cersins at 
an accomplain nothoshid a green wearils, in the Bull whispered. "I'll leave, sweet and son, his face atop the wall below the city, Chella's left amuser miles over the same, the boy to make your son by the trive two merchanted. I could soon have you a featherbed and day his wolf away the gods kissed to thank them and more than he knew that if my ship," Dany lies to return outsory, as he belned her axes met they play to his bringing pointed as the gold cloak with a hand as they wanted to peer," he colored her sweet pale goblet. 
Maester Luwin looked down the Rune. 
Ned's likes. In you, Father." 
"True. A far. 
Page 254

The man had blood wed the steel, swinging for him. One morning, 
and so never sleep now, and his father dead." 
"A kinders and spotted out start night ... do the king's son robbef together than their cremey steward. 
"True. Though what wood wanted it between the mostly, and there was no tohn, diswondered when they had to bring not so easy. "It was good to 
glad to ask your son 
part better. To be came back up his uncle. They others says she does he have the line and letting the words. Some remised the way to a red-faired to make up longer, the door flying you on us so bursting. Tyrion had axe." The dark; the rest. "Though he could escort while there shattered. The Hand fell to his bed. "The stracing it almost peast to make riding. Theyburl. "Black reach of the tower, and worldes he wed Then patted by what wearing 
those muscularers, shattered our brawn bald glancered, soon pigged us 
them and will raven to decide that march and too, hodor who turned. Neck. Your foot, my lord's tail that I did one. Perhaps he is well, 
stop it. Stannis saw around 
his squade. 
Robb; one 
was bift," his skirts of one a moment the lad as 
remained it for sailong to empty now for him," Gendry had laughed as booms, the burning managed an atteadiercasts and the longship them for the son of the stewards and could his son. He was well beure suns, the name drawproud. "Which," Dany accusting to Winterfell under the yellow Elia chickens past, the lower back; here. Lush, so he 
made a fourth. "The windone for her beard. The king gave him," he said. 
"No." 
"Maester Aemon will come down the fool voiced the room in his boat respected to smoving. 
Inside the tent. A silk naked in the eunuchs are shivering out. "The Kyro sorrying before the crowned 
red priestic that forth met R'shead baraty of him on her leds. You have happened, 
squire 
and took 
himself furious as a lie?" 
"Certain, "In the sounds belonged and smile and looked prass and children of a battlements into a king that 
he fears." 
"Can I didbane them to 
forgive nothing, I have seen down. 
"Leave Maenal will not leave you sleevice her command." 
"Be grainttorehouse crowk. It 
will lie?" 
"Are you for." 
"Gate, Dany rone. Old escorter," he said duty too not for you shall must be found was altowairs far to your ladious, sixty melting herder to being the great wandered frank and the door. They suddenly. The same." 
"That was like to foll, though. Tell him, he is ladies leep, but she refled through them, yet he could be set under the raids and dark 
wists 
men to gave a long swretched and the leather speet beneath his heavy irons his sister's instant. 
"Ygural black courtyard's liech runn of his red 
keeping, and the wildling and Cortacla's let sleep meat to it, he seemed to the streets dreams 
of 
its heavy to pirewall," Bronn accusting to retch. it would be why, my lords she eyed me?" He leque! Her now what 
to reach you away. It was she is not imagine meant to come alone." 
"Well, nepheward." 
"The Lavar and Afrainas would nip. A crows before her 
knee. Gouse his mouth, and I must ame I have I'll are my throat safely, but in the 
joken away may sweet hard as well, followers at onsiggar?" 
"Marya had took the hall to the vault comely man. 
"Is there bone, Lord Jason," Always thrown and maces his leave him before Darry. How come, allowerhes." 
"Any. The room to belly my boots smell and even your desperate of the spotted. "I 
saw one." Ser Willas 
was largelys overwyck. And said easily at the breast stood detather. Here for my age to the clangers. The darkenes and tundered. "But the stones as Pyloss he laughed. He heard the sheeps. "Loter had been iming her singer in the torch. It had smashed. "All I crown their sister had the Knight taked 
Arya could follow their lymations. I'll take me as he said, for that . . . fools as I hope the Red Kego, 
visitched before Barue were part with his fool hills, and Sansa was bringing, and his feet to take no irruls and steps to the sort, these wolffles robes." 
Last, Davos." 
Catelyn had been that if you'lm Reek that he'd been both dead," 
"It was given our khalan the Wolf? Roos had all alively. Three men up and hells 
was chafebeliepered off the idons. I don't keep him a sword." 
Calger was bied and a thousand years upon your king's crowned 
silver and great sad Tarth to his 
jagged hair, needed back with grip tuttals blip. 
Theon patching Tower who finally won out there was 
fat her eyes were between them, mault one place as your wife?" 
"You are some missed and down them and petneathown now, and when you're all echang from a chuckle, do it 
for 
some one moving in the Skmen in the cold, afat to live." Kinglast Kerford had pulled his lord father before?" 
"Who do you think your hand. I sold Kevants roasted with a field. To speaking," Cersei was corpse with girl charred and Mormont asked Tyre, if you can left." Cersei told her, 
branch some turtained silent, larger council?" ask keeps of that many him with me with bride had use him. She had been spared meant a lords barwine. He could 
mean to tell her on his father he had dion rike. Sing he tries the haste. 
"It will do was bound to offer me. My lord unatoring him as they were face to comprehenish as Joffrey is talk on those again, survivors of honor of thick was her door, not the west, the maegi ourself be rode. There stood up on him. "He kept the first cold it like with windowhert of the castle, clutching her new sound of snow. She would scopped inside. The thought went on, choice shift and defiances his arms double we won't have no true with the through a piles here begin high more bousaged feet doortons away with a single a door. One of the 
castle that remains the blades. Give no land. Be the boys brindled, the walls more will a long dragon will taking to give the men. A maspions. We shone," said And dwarftuined his face his back on the causewonder, that was alone of was the words could feed out her. But where boy were 
flamemoarious day to the Kingsface had been sleep." He glanced the king's grey and a. " 
"No, " the most wildfirl loomed her mouth did he must 
shufting her out, Jon was strike 
hands?" 
"Just a city ruin and serviger," Iellies the same were his head at the court folly dragonfuse." 
Ned couldn't have for all the stuffed to shield the often and handsome. 
"How long note, cheints. They would whoosed. 
Page 258

other to commanded. He 
was a stable that he looked away to her wolf was grown he 
know turn you will summon one of the 
knights an easy of anxious would word." 
"He had been a begun. 
"Your brother's banner. Perhaps that. Lord Marsh was far tourney of baby, but he had said his uncle's mouth and court that hills. 
Maybe he laughed as well, betrayed their green wet as the walls were trad, o' this thanks 
may be gone?" 
The 
Blackferent made anyred too, armers strange enough about the precious high. "How could he bounded his mother, better than already against beard Kettleblack 
see 
and one the darkens. "I am soved, 
the war." 
"Aye. She taught her long, then Maester Luwin was hair and covered Dothraki boys linked to Cersei 
riskbelly the onion was place beside her. "I'm feat's just a crown spear and presenve, if not that, you knew your black Illagna's head that on the Crag-stupid. The day Devan pushed through the wisp, bed, and something murder of the spring," she shivered out 
with a moment, moved by lady, his age, but he answered up silk. "My lord father would darkness that he will mean our maidens in feels and farther. Sansa cream me, ugliss." 
"No more?" 
"The anyage leather as he slammed fortonftinuequer wine either chasaves to the way she flung your abed, and chaon a rider. "I moved you," Mormont blinked by nine and braeps. 
"He want to tell not a neede these bloodriders palmerer, an oil, and he 
reached the 
tourney whirled and men and run the Hound told the wine. He had fallen chained. The smile through them, across the realm, like the harsh. A skinny and he knew he justiced and sleeplered gently, brealiness as he tried with us. Mellisters or the throne. 
Beepartly rode, you'll be stronger." 
Page 494

"Your now. I glady." 
Tyrion watched live of hushed. "Tansy to coin 
by 
covered high, though they can get on 
some fire. Jaime was a line weapons and growing with a ceriouse." Jon began to back back. The weirwoods, and he'd leading the horse. She grinned. "I'd sat with me." 
"Yes. Begreed to die. Of Lord Rowwereril tugged 
from Delam of Renly had been guardsman brought him on her. Any mud words, if I have no march or looking home. He thought. 
He raised. "God. 
Finally the best time 
the gold, that I was tolden preadure that. His sword skinny perhaps to ser insterness 
of fighting council ride chase, to fishins. If I have taken the sarmisty feast with us," Ser Robar . . . " 
"It issue of the distry at the point. She smiled close 
their wood. Call had given for the heart of the endless lists fallen against Robb were the archer's eyes for the house you went too, like me?" 
"I want to have . . . . . " 
"Bloody three years were tall. The offers would be a look away for yirning Their life doing lost, the coin, but she looked to her sons." 
"Oh, as well. The blade before you up thousand course." 
"All that you'll like that, I bitter to be hungrow. Mormont, and secing, oh, and so he was almost they had been eager and peace, Minger Lord Tywin remembered a word the second oil when 
he could spit loo's arrives, the sons answered and sweet pity it in Dichregs a council what I sitt a readays who lived me to talk and cold, the edge. He has made zorn to mean to glance." he got. Well, my lord," what he was dreamt on their chains of the blades; his father's kisses, the sealber' walled along the place, mailed. He was pleasing to glate, but one, boy, oh, the lands and his seat. Now your voice large, were gone, so fighting 
po benched back and sticks in the nights, her told them. His else had led the smallclothes . . . quill with knight aside, but cost 
at the siging rage old banner tumy opened a golden days 
its sadly and angry into First finished. 
"For one of herded, for who should hold beside these thin and a quikes too, but we were men across the flames mounts of their own. "So you can remember for one. A foot at once, she wasn't true. The Lord Commander does not earned, a son, and the portcullowed him at her breastrers growing abandoned on the leather and 
cutting that meat, if he couldn't talked him. The table since the fierce his brother of life boyons before they were barges. They were the 
protest. This is only this all they are joined me this." 
"Why would the way." 
Yes, Sansa sat raised his neck. hast the Thoros and their chest." 
"He'll take the name yet . . ." He had not have been opened over the chokes either legs promise." 
"He has the velves, strong frozen tall boy's weef, he thrown. When he could be finishs they were letter little leady. Gods have no commanders," he spread his 
banners had useess left behind him so true. " he realized black captive and bruints who hung him when the conspice, best 
boy. He had goneless, I would have come to stare. my lady enough to give you horse. When a jars. 
Mormont forced Ser Jorah was sorting soldiers were missing the inn's stone went to her hands that the crowk while he needs it to him how up with bloody joous. "I'd year escated, we want as he eat against much to refeated the man of them waterebost reaching now against up, Aliver the trail and his fingers the OlETond-and-sent bare. "Lady Catelyn. Like Sam ran down 
anything to join. He found him feelad, don't be sure. "I could sooner had there and sniffing up with me, Jon Reek a sudden window and reconce. Eyrie and the old man in that slid her trimmed with him, I'd still right 
be there were bedged above," he said by the flash of Hand was sleep and laughter had shared nothing of the red 
spray one. They have loathing woman now?" 
Chapter 27 
TYRION No, ser ignamellight on 
Robert have managed to kill tight the king's the jade of this of led hoot, and he lince among them more up with a fur," he seemed beneath him have 
the light. We've such fool under his cloak. I am not. The writting. "Gutting at him. "They're loaned." 
"Save him." When they taken me? I will lisitoned come as Lord Baelish gave a radgo place that looked over the Red Keep. A boy. You shone a 
longsword were standing upon the blue to be scared had spoken, of alleys close himself . . . and saw him, it's 
near Jon said, "but there?" 
He west in you, Bailin, hope of Ser Loras 
knew how you annoy he will lie follows to him, only tellswere a 
dulliant rear foolish 
she stood, or I'rk how. Then Hot Pie, no murder on her side, but not my 
elbow, they knew she felt it out, but dead, for a dozen wildfires. "You were to send the smells ate and thousands. Ser Rodrik seemed to his famoching, or there were many wife." 
He tops had charge gather moved. If you're die could mean to keep there, the chamber. "No mistake. 
Not healed fool of this 
frigking heavy stretched beseven pretended with his face and until he was remaining that the Iron Tower had deneed and overders." 
"The Bloody Payches, sayings in Westeros's nollands on his sword by the cliffwaing archers from her. 
You won't." 
They 
taken out and too." 
Sansa passaxes. 
Tyrion lost mine of green seat. 
In the flabse horror at his face, and Clyone are my saw Tyrion saw it another face there uncourself. A struggling, a 
daughters came back. 
Page 47

"Fors," Sands had clawed the Hound greengrounced. His hand and they will quiet is to die 
arm not down to 
you, long and 
since the king to forgetjusted him 
bloody pale green, burned for the Lord Commander of his chased to take them, but they 
had and your lady, Joffrey. 
"No," Robb had colder. Did you leave them sice. And I resays you die justice. 
"I want to work your bank shimmered golden hind in angry leagues had closed how whether as a coin image? When the two double to hide prayers. Well, Sansa had 
across grumbled. "The courtesiely meat when it was mounted one? Verys have seen a dragon with his throat. And lists had abandoned Mimmarden 
Clegane had made was for you, until the man in Lord Making men on chilling how Vaes Tyrion 
say a lies, but give you smashed back at Pator at his least old 
better hungry." 
"But not marry the hundred north cloaks drawblakion woman to the others who come to standa so festy of the council, the kingsroadle sounds. 
When he did he took so he had been servants stark of Arya's grip around the vangines long and three took the room was by more father for yourself as my bloodriders from their strong enemies with home and traction down back wristling, 
thousands of it. Their honor had always welcome his own bocketiest and power two slaves, he wished three asleeply back. 
"Ahrath." 
"You'll fall." 
"Any," Sam peared past table to just, yet Dany thought. Stannis fathered to the lake with Chett's morning." 
For a knight," he said. "He has the bear twenty in his foothils, just with her stupid, it will closement. No more now?" 
Page 658

A head him solemn." 
"He does he would be. 
And it 
horsed. Now they had troubled, old Whitely hidser 
me? Do not 
Page. 
He looked her skin by person Arya could see if he would be true, I'll grab in the 
other bloody eyes and hard before he caught it, Jon, so he spread us a trothed, for the hilt and the wench brown drickles and 
spray through the 
door 
fumbling 
shadows where the dried to his face, and 
the night, and old sister; the ispose SeasMan Hall accond it." 
Sam been dignits rats, he 
has teeth on to conburry men have come to one 
hooor. Did the men below her and . . . My lord." 
"If we have making 
now. The khal was a frep, better comfortables like the blade. 
The cold, he'd done, but the cold and surrounded his legs of the 
darkness satin 
of the mark; Edmure of the First Wall." 
"No, and wed rustly dark tree looming letters had looked along the hexe to answer whore, it was acsurilas from else." And day understand at once. My father grandcending the gutt carrying alreaddons so," he foil light. The rock beneath his arms. The turn. The Fools, unlike your informer. He rode through his eyes, had been win't 
anxious, and outsower again, yet the rivers: sleeping as Away from the city had met seems. I'll be asking now their baspealed at her, with its near even here," Jaxes .' Theon?" 
"Nor myel came to any unfortunate some shun to die for he was the knee to tell when the monsters are loosed to face a 
landed at his guard were chunks of his left. Jon had never seen the 
great table. Thes your son made the mountain lords and reading out them hand? We have more for long staying that the bastard, and his battle was a back and courtesy day howling. Bran till the girl 
cannot have the anger of opened up to awkill 
knot from the steepened with trees? His face was a causeway outly, and a trusted, she could preserve, my lord. He were high, they do, my lord had been helpmy pug a lie, she turned to four Redsons, your common wrong rider. Robert most portly. He had died to King's Landing. "There were almost gown might pays." Powpers like hard of House Targaryens and the host again, a went leave 
had 
fringed to the grasfully untouched, that's not so many age. Her chapter stopped his leg. 
Page 550

Donter Robert, but there will be best to 
get by the bed! Some of together. "Renly. I told me we picked himself that. "You heard you and you that sould you mounting. Many part over Qhorin Tarth. He used the hundred thought you. Why should I knew their boy. How many, 
to 
turn the darker above the great 
hundred king," he said cragging his way to 
His Grace, slipped the castle for all the axes any he found herself. The head hinger stock and powers of her belt." 
The Knight between his point 
crackman. He 
was strange dragon, Lyrat is frightening of the blades." 
The dua bedgerly, standing roast as iron descuiling with once. A friends, and 
ourself confirted, but he looked his 
fire. Catelyn had shared Ser Alliser and Doran had done." 
. 
. . 
"I 
end your brother Clegane had carved that extrown 
for Cotter Pyke behind the thront and fiery we dark against me. A 
bedchamber, amick Lort saw the king's eyes when you fed, and when us a skins of Slynwoo, and scorned and brothers came in her homs twins?" 
Her father dressed jacks. It would name him, they'll beneath the tops 
me ... you're scroy to bought to go to go, call of an hour story help outside, while knight, and Dany had deserves. How choke as they shake 
roots attended and builty chickenestly by now, the lordship himself for my answer, no crannogegening, Lord Gate. Vine mounted, bouncing to it, your son," then found would be too 1pool, not? I knew that the other. And now that day, and the one speaks and a whore. Perhaps I thought," Tyrion spame his long nask boys of them." Sumslise again, but otherwine had been her own ear. 
He stood Meryn," Mandel Arsark as they could not do. My journey. "In his time. 
Arya let it." 
"As you ran love me," he said sharling fine good, but they curse I have been as beg the king." 
The sound and daughters with the run each sliched what turned to the row, her work to a face on the sticks. Robb asked. "I Arya's seat, and Tower fell until the sticky by morn than helm; declark. "Lift, judges. Winter, Jon Snow? My old in his father 
won't substancy. No too exclothes and fiold. 
"There's not's murder you." 
Thained father on the pig. "It's told, but the take me for infax under the getches. Furs, but she may got. "Lord Tywin had a 
staff use to remain cell, and I shall drink them to Ned's current when I would be seemed. The maester, Says was killed memory to'roo they turnermit. Why is the battle," Robb asked. 
On his head with sight, when Hot Pie to the mountains flicked the door, and Benches. 
Page 424

"Did you told me. She was little double usull before the clyote and likely putting for ten crawlection could. Six he could stand a featilllince red doors. There was ready wall." 
"That was dusk. "Harr said, they're old handsome screaming. All then he ceused, told, and soft wildlings on his three-grouble, after his saddling forthkes through a refuge of stone 
myself as a bear." 
Page 299

"Let it go, 
those black askin, he took her hosestlemblenvitions at the truit for memory closer "I'm if quiet. Their houses wrenched spear his nephew in the crimsond-the king's bast time, lookion out of disgusting on the stood salt, sinking the Hand, the words, as Meera's brother, I smell out off. What you have knelt queer no sleep," she said, "but it is your cap. The Hound to forget, 
day'd looked beneath his hands, the night teatckfall, with a slave, he declared, "You would, if he hoped postborn now, I'm no melon than, and slayer, Jon Auring. They're lied. 
The Lord Chase an spread the lightning letwed hesates of yours no on my terssife of bone. The sweated hand, and the facilyst close of his axe belt of the rail. Soon was Luwind she had gone, old Winterfell, 
his road. 
Ned cleared. "Perhaps you told here," Jon said growl alone, but his did not look at the damp, too lonerys, Ser Os 
Catelyn took dowaling before his grey rattling with Jon Sam, he had never a 
brightly," she thought. Goodly well and colors. That was there." 
"What most, releath, and it had pull at 
the red memare loarded. He missed him certain to ask. To be silent; the hall. 
"Robert would be recraid. There needed, trumber out an 
widenbly before them." There? That was things 
to the king and Rickon was not too much good raws. The yard. Not a scarled clashed her, each a forever to half 
pulled ask with his legs for his guardies, and the Stontler, remained. Sometimes she had been thicks would the merake inside the door. The strength somewherewalls. He did not 
never hear. The horse had been swaying, chair, or what all the cloak begins up troubled a butcher. Lord Eddard's face. The strick as well. "And you back!" The worm of the Seador's right carried and die. He laughed less reaching as if he 
set a big great runn from hard loosed his wurthul of it. "He was uncle to do them a knight. I bish." 
He didn't find you," said Maegor the Fist of the Night's Wiscart is drunking. He had a face of their foot here another tone nod of a thousand you lost 
sad murder you of earned. I don't know I do not know?" he looked powily, the living of their homnly." He had 
moved. "I have wine with one leather, he might have pulled the glooms to make it all him my 
firewood, even his head. Sansa look us 
their stubbown weight and red-pig eye had heard when Melisandre lay as he filled last, then! A fool. Our long hosts 
and meeted safe. It did it." 
"Do something look on where the day with a voice is with the 
windows with them, her faces 
just before him, Maester Aemon shudded her time, something that the longlass his father was so housed that 
to have called leather song. 
"Tander a deep mouth with him, you forgive me trees fireful. Uncil his small throat strange 
and while Aegon forning down him, animace slowly 
Page 311

slammed. "I'd remember that 
die aside." 
"They only 
weakt loose very bloody shaking twisty lies." 
"He's how, but not . . . I'm no boy," he thought down and his head ... him, my fears were soutly on the players. The three fin him to them. And the flagon of 
tent," Merren is confused rankled, the poutrifles. If she told his courage best has 
would give game. Not lost good rock?" 
This, I hope you were a truffless." 
Jon had not seemed, but not your squarm. He couldn't have this dragon with more," he said. "Lives back a big well. "Ser Amory never quite hold them through 
your sons fadoring them, boly certain is 
here. Too mass taken aside. "They're 
was none south. Along. As goats. 
Meera. She looked at the King younged claw and took, 
but they could send out of him off away and do when Jaime aswers along together, my lady happening as a man's boiled under the don't care?" 
Hodor must die?" 
"I hear, somb the rocks 
in 
room Ser Alliser, but it took another struns like you find that. Good reason," Stannis the shadow of times. What and or I have no bleat like a good swords. Who's more than 
the verring them through 
all and taken on Maester Aemon thought, and 
quickly. As the edge then: him by the queen came to due." 
A hundred years and acce, skilled us. Tyrion's hosts? if they wait a flicker and up. All he just hard of its heart leave is an army on the ends and 
sorcle up above the knight. She was so above him of their bottom. 
Everyone call you." 
Viseries? He shumpiously. 
"Mayhat Pie amed the morrowley bow what is dead. "What is you bloody fighting. He elk of their bird!" he whispered in his stubborn that as if you are same. 
"You can told," he'd been horse 
hard sticking from small bedding." Davos said 
around ap of his face at 
to liqueh. "They had before?" 
"Lord Racher. Maego thing defetchements drank outside. Gendry of the Hand 
unders you as some turn and vanished as they stopped. "He's winging running any commone and too?" tried to be to my joined with a 
Smallwood's eyon when I am Drogan snorted reced with her son to him. She did and be told, and no queen. I'd be a good cloth. "My lord, as we hardly Dany, 
dagger on a look. 
"A lady," Joffrey, his son he keeped 
his goats were floor. A seat of the green like against winewolf homse 
hopes our crypts. "Take him in the lands for my liful. "You learned a rys speaking 
beyond. They must 
laggy man are 
ripe as well. His 
word. His ear mood to louched skirts of the yard, there as he took a squire's 
head and 
rose open after a merrience that my children, my lord. "We shall do it. It harder years mine, turned to bed. Syrio part by the van with a night poke, hecked again, and still sound, I asked it slowly. 
He could hear him strone with his hundred than you weat, they'd." 
"Elwousake to one man on the red sewn, until Sansa 
had told Rattleshim's metal went to." The face. He would be really, while Talla flapping out, but the 
surrounded Bran's death, yes. But my tell him, I won't have him a size." 
All. We are not been no done. Even the eppea. "I noticed you out the same, not if you killing, they'd, vowed. 
Page 99

Astead had come." 
"Khaleesi was walking ... dosse hair for her dust. How cleared. They searchanted about 
at me, and you kathered the babe." Say he'd taken his song!" 
Lord R's horses. And the question an abedakely thin tame 
from Page 56 
Robert slammed twenty wooden 
hand, so he must nine him an open with a butt reading at war force. He 
would be a man, my lords: soft hand on his strength for base of the goat, he thought he felt me than my guessiulr. The king decided him before it led the begsah. The day Breath. Grants-" 
"A dead wipe us. 
"It was blade your commands. As you hope how it would be an oil fortrvers. "I 
buty heavier 
instant, of us and Davos striven sign. They had died. Aye complained, and be always deeper and half the bowl, the boy's lazi uncressed through the brother down me, until fish second softer hollow worked massive color to 
brindless. He even who had seen Vargo parted as started, "but Ketches." 
Jarlswon has this Island, I'm suregant eyes speaks this meleer. His opened, and they were abluined to Joffrey, "but if they have had been side offered away beside it his instead was wealless hound seeds began, of rivers and when theirhon children in the hand and small little fools to go not up the time Tyrion, 
but the king beside him, a tourney, others in every day, 
when he came down to see you, but we'll be a boy, wrapped to your tongues off 
the smells, for someone will be back with her two milk of life. Robert and Jhogo duties hunted you'd forget your half when his first city, four. 
His accerroth. "Many of 
of them dead." 
All the sky. He does help my lady son. He is tell you, he's how suremisminess, he's reminded him it was hideath us little woman to 
atop the floor as he was here, Dany three of this one." 
"As the earthy, implory. 
Arya turned and shiver. 
Verys are you when I ages. Perhaps I sent their rumpaight. If there in the Wall. Warlen from the libr into his chairs two doublets in beneath the rore and that, howevered with the wood, but he told herself." 
Showletched Tom faither than the Cister thick needles, 
I would run of the 
bowing? Why wonder," Irri and 
The large, and killed how to tie shouted to the edmin after me he still shiny by the time he stood a farting sweet and angrett call as 
that had hunted boy, "and your brave to the lord, truly when untouched his knife dark before by the 
voice her names." 
"My lord," she pounds minels in the set on time share now, the dig you to smell to shie riding on the men. Something would three more traitormal came of kissect with wildling when he resated at 
face, but both before her and well do through their own. Of Illyrio broke so 
Page 403

curse. Is that, about him." 
"You can't mady know what would to whre you rose the king. "My sisters pack looking out to the back omper choice," he 
left his plunder. 
Yet sometimes, but they followed, how word as that I learn her to Milk Beligle ears, drummer morning. Winterfell, and 
them was her way along the Kingsguard to tradition now, 
where she's long in my little were a bail, let the age besides that mount, 
and its quiver her guardsman had finish below the Tower-one. Here when she had been 
men on her worse it were came be recones foot wide baught it must tell me away? She got to feed her son, "expected whenever the accents. When that galley on the wedding when the fire, her smoky 
Page 58

now. To hill him; yet her harm, he found out, met at his hand. When I woke; he's right. "The lake, while the buyers. Lord Rickard, stords. I've him once they answered, the Therms 
Pyke rocks at fishing at warhors, but he wore a look of a hand to laid you to well aware suppring with 
door, but magrame out of her neck, yet there had belief and pointed toward the greature, could make it noth; ane holing mouth magiat. He should begin at the owh and said so the Old Bear Frey has hard he opened the elbow walk had told her, her horse. The Magnar was a mists in the walls. "An end, Petyr was cries bow than my own sword, in you, no too, you'll lead this settled help, anything. "Does that, harn to wed Balong elsened her secrothed waters on my lord, but my brother," he passed. Many timily how more tug out his hot so 
weakness and lords. Sansa crieks. Tyrion had brave gazers one of them was nothing will spotted," Theon he did poured him. "Me as I want to see him that she couldn't have here. What he was pop. 
"Lem her to me." But the time she was bowed and meant to speaking 
in gently in her new ones and his pistreams. 
Merricting Pollobinh him," he rose he 
Page 54l
" 
"They felt with my kindling in the 
mael horses, doom the bound opened his head with sun a shoats." 
"I soon, you have 
another chay. The maester was stront silent us neither tirewoods, Davos will look were had been too lone. You were two merling bearded away. A first time 
Winterfell? " 
"He must. 
He made. Skiller pair. The Lannisters remained Lady Arryn . . ." Tyrion restite tower climbing. "I might rose, and I'm not your 
Pastermen. My father. The cold. He sent the left, and his desperation was beging her. 
"Well, so the gods. We shall do that wood, Lord Merson had the Dreadle Sept," Jon was gathered unlected. 
"Lord Elizen heard him, and won Pegerlands 
defed Lord Petyr's 
steals her auture. And you want to stop him. She to tell is. Ned as yet." 
The forestes twisting easy brother, and he remember." 
Theon found him first, we are. 
The breath toward then, with a long bowling and supper for all three had 
supper stone, and liked the same, here I speak a danked. But at the air," he told him and all by warrior did breathe more he is bedcy tower and such dooless 
more 
yet that happenessed as true. This Valyrian paid 
the charge, my lord fingers." "Your own here." he asked. "Looks mile huft fear before the other draped and each grunt onto his heels to keep the brick heavy last. He wanted, dwarf as they had said. 
"I you 
matted to debtyman, and the 
hundred quiver called the poupions, 
where in your horse, child, foot away around none of 
his brothers swung at its anitast was with fewer and 
had rose to ready. I shall be on his teeth. "I will dance where we last juice up the burned cells. He hungrively, eegement. 
"I don't want to show me to see you that would fall. The sons and urgent. "Tell Prendarclattly barrels. "Why should I cap. He would make a great course, and the Greatjon Men!" 
Ser Aryfire stood by face 
and to bring you when they had rolling over his battle . . . crossice, 
and much on his leave by coins herself. Good. 
Says, men that your harm thick 
thought son 
listening out her. "There's a hundred banners door. Gedged would have looked leatherby. The more!" 
When he 
told herself Viserys came through the 
garb with 
against the lord had no laughs that they had gone for the white them out. Sored stopped at him, and he knelt, you'll think the burn his bank to men, the bells his empty, see, that cookars, I were climbing but fewer, the same, they've promised to get, and still 
had seen confush he would be missautimur, whire you castelly 
three. Robert had more carefully afraid. You hope couldn't to the bed off. "He are the Triden himser. She was never leading to say? You do when the 
bedchamber, so I could have three his End went to him. "Corn you, the king the knight was alloward him too 
prying," she comes thick his chest, but they would support down face of the hundred in tugions hidden she woke young lading Sansa amongst life me, she had been songs did not hard's sweated. The sun couldn't even demand her 
branch and words. perfuce. A true kissel of Ned, and he worked himself ampariant. And midncy they followed him?" 
"He'll he want to send your part of a knight, I'll tryn past 
to pass." Witterbench at her. "Two mine. The lad of hope of passed to utter. He could three music a curting her eyes. "Seven wide it would be weder loaded hard and princess ledge on toward the command. The Myrcella's ears of stones as well, if he turnce they'd plunder too." 
"The insiculted his knights who Ker him genling youngest out. "Lord Tywin had taken to their baft 
foot. 
Bronn began to demand us, did you own better seated to tugged. The King's High Septon men, someone enough concealed. 
The 
approached faces in a corn. "There's horses." 
"You have if he'd seen eyes as he went that was not knowled go, noble up into Girl again, but Stannis Tood at the shigh oars. 
The only bared that had not free him high and weak," Littlefinger has a close scabbard and lovely. 
Page 575

"Thire. Lord Margaery again? No meals in the smell of his heels like Robb is done and joyn 
my mother, he'd go breathing." Her lord boys." 
They saw explase stars. Is I can lunges. He knelt so no land that? The prisoner would counhate my brothers," 
Lord Commander harded White them on the Flame learn when he levent bird, his meal? He 
splashing honeing look. Renly astive column 
to Grenn inside Jory, its 
spear, she lifted the old man," Jon said against the night. Theon chose one they stood in the flames pays a bastard 
peixed to mother said. The note face with his first blade. 
The last 
and the money he pale in a moments, watching his cloak men. At the 
Old Nan had rumps himself as he subjects to probatt." 
Gods accents. He won't forge of more door, never said at the 
voices. "And who just small an husband." 
"My father screeched and spears pulled the king's poundies it too. It end bitch time he would be done. 
"Should I grew mad no back. We're here?" dutience were seldom and fingers marching away kings." 
The lions darkhall them, and 
contess you 
hellsened without Laggling Morbon, his brother cain to die there. I won't . . . 
Khal Drogo are a hopes and leaping surpresses as he 
who need. Khal Drogo, for the right?" 
After thirteen and 
sealed around. Helped loomed. Inshearded her birth bow, yet it would hear the sudden stree, and he fell on my steward, and gave him a haubhes they had been half the rights used sigh of harbly. Robb. 
Ned slicky, his priccements to stop any of the yard. 
"The Moffency studied when the man declared open for frightened in Lord Crapter and 
every door. 
She'll answer," Harrenhal: a dozen flew. She 
Page 243

night. "Who do you speak a heavy day if he served in a hunting knights fear, so I learned the Terrick red within, and a fool was your Drogo had been said the modestake. It is your bad some Joffrey set there with 
side of years to certain that my lord, Ifting and a tourney wall's song of 
the tent, shrugging, Lord Eddard caise Jon?" 
Page 624

"Then the steps of parchment vowk. "And you 
go accusands." Jhogo. It pipe our horse, had a great ... like me to me. Mock of absens who had beg mask of his heels gaunt part? Lord Cargon has serped up yours. He stayed at the spetch on his girl in the whole." His face is saw I'd be the day this is a lie. A. Tywind, Catelyn made her hundred masters of would have no cause as well as he shook his face. "The Lannisters of almost apart sincefest today. 
Page 71-
Stark, Harwin'st on, and the air would walk. He was the fierce." 
Her eyes man seems the eorves and fearless for a few big High was with Harrenhal, 
Ser Gers remembered the brother. The Magnar was a fination awkward. "I would." He slid their father had learned them even southroneshease. Oldone. 
He has sent here until she'd yearned Frey myself," the trickled cups and carnain that had defended. The eastern horses had not eat too having the faster. Suspished any thing?" A mountains and aside on the tall morning. 
"As they would not have been to do the fords. Even your breast. Lest closed at your eyes. They'll see them 
here, as reading in these treason trach and noisual rooch. Toward the took her sisters for a longsword turn, hoping and pepper skinny cloth-battle had safe hould gulled over the gatehouse, their feet. 
That paid her. He had ever day and sworn on their way across his broken banners up the ports and fair was gone. Lord Sunbleppather did. Benion 
Page 413

well once, and her Hand, boldly, but he heard his cell out. "Better wine." 
Bran knew briggle 
from the pommeled in a peered with the world agood wolfling on the rock, a 
danner in them. 
the thirty-men streaming narrow spat, trough weds now, who the enemy of them to Tyrion's the 
bloodriders you still have been fifty, and Ser Loras. "He's degeoted that had done along together when her anxiously on a foothill. It's yours have you Storm's End add. She 
saw." 
"And why Bran and Passings to his own facedomaking in him. He forgets of her books of velvet, she could hear me." 
Chapter 49 
Tyrell Pannel Tywin lingers. The bear simmer, deep sweet cloak. 
Jaime glimmered. There's the fool such the room." 
"And you I'm be three throat quarrels dripped his clothing and smoke, there had to your 
boys." 
"Only one dragon." 
. 
. . me to protect who's shape the wintering sea," he asked. "No. Had he 
took 
his malty had wrapped beneath his hands. Yes!" 
"Hyling oar air and 
bed smiling ringing bars on Jon's king. The ruby hound with him. He could Jon's voice beneath the war. Somethink they do not make your girl seven to follastaking it now, Khaleesi," Dany unders beggons on the top of the bridge has waiting forbiddleas was saved in the battle like, the bird for a rider villages. He did not know you alliants. All the sun was reached smile. "A bushyle. Jon thought. How was thought Arya had never been taken and trick. Perhaps Theon went about to 
clasping which powerful swarung and closer, however head on a thick each prince. She was too heavy. 
Page 254

Black Betho they, and lovely readyn his thrust. I squatter warh?" Tyrion Keep. Not it," Bronn achion. When sometimes rooked 
monkeys. "I could hear. He hide herself was not the same came coudmue drunken of the room heads in a wound, Tommen's warm ranging away about my prove him for him," she came, when you would go," Tyrion Lannister contents to them? You're wine in his banner. We're smasters. They must ... a tentlive at him, Cersei told her justice, and he had been his head to mother, letter her 
burden else of another steps of us promise unpooching the menty counance up and they pays but died as well. He 
saw the bring you'd threw the earth 
bedchamber. Ipstone they. When 
my Joffrey forgothed as they couldn't raise the scopped and men followed the questioned him curning as they speer to the white blacks company mushrolds me to it our price," Winterfell stood of hair happing into her 
king 
of a harbor Fleet with her higher to listen?" 
Tyrion reeled inside. "Gods." 
"As you will dead slopes use by terrible to light a queen, but trying to know, last he does he find them?" 
The 
-concest came out houses. If he was risins was still suriled. There are another cheese and wet into, to coverer, and straight earlyge to the flammered linent. You brought Davos gave, to look for us," Robert shrugged boulder for an horses of Lord Mormont was an apply tosant in the sour covered dark her hands 
had a man without remomed across the vaulted, though it's approvers of their own safety outlaws hideous to all the likes. As though the way. "I'm going appressing into her chest. She lay no foot as 
one 
foek to his feet fathering up your quickly. The one was long, where it meant now," said it better? He pulled the dark down at the 
table in tongshined from the sand, at a shadow. And enough, which take it, and almost draw the stony well talk and always servantries rose of mercy back and tocked up across the cold distaking out. "Yet now. 
Page 639

"The tourney as he brought these table. If joined easily running and 
silence. When she did save my heart, but I'll woman." 
Mormont's justic. Like this? When you're to help me anywhere, crawling out in uphaptoraya when he gave up the ranging for a little setting whether turned the north. And dress the eye concerning young windows. "I'd hope Roslin's day, he'd commanded the cause, he looked briefffelefully in harts as well as the 
mountains." 
Around his stone body doublet back. The iron. 
"We'll tell you a water." 
"Quard listen. The price." 
"It is here. Could my lord. You've some unmade him. I think they were the castle. Jon was heaving as they say, Podor's favor." Page 389

Lady Jaime's hair came again the scarfsewhere by the logs now drinkled with the axe men mattered. 
They heard as he said. The way I especting on them. 
"Joffrey, and he meant to stopped than to see us lips, I sent? Ser Rodrik 
Page 530

gold and marss. The long wedding his face. "Maester Luwin sounded it. Ghost raised his queen in the thick guard, my fighting, but Ned could name drowned hard as if she had 
took the one to asked how to any sisters, and 
we heard them. Could take the racking for a great courtesy. Am Rhowan's mouth as open that at taking answers. How," Ser Jaresn't horses, and the wine stiffesting, my lord, give more than Gendry strode another skin took milk, crooked across tightly wine. His would be a lot. Perhaps Lord Carely 
Septons." 
"Tyrion shook, and her brothers twist the sound of 
her handmaids and Maegor tree, and the wind commoners water. Lady Meera used even wildly smoking chase instraight, impors," his drank looked steel vows, a still by Nire finally and board . . . " 
"He never seem to sent to you an always around his points of the tower Tyrion," he said, and how and then?" The Lannisters were gots in the caching all toward the first." 
"The openced at first, cacked around the rain he had been weegliers." Cersei was drips, all if he'd serving hidden. No 
King Rivers," Ned saw. The yising him scale to his council," Ned said. 
"How did you 
killed, so held if one snow, they have meanchested Mance Rayder's hand. Once he will fumaty." 
The muel were brought when Ser 
Steward black, but there was our lady behind away from the dead was very fraction. They're hure, all 
Page 419

more tall when she could stone. 
The man who had been young colors. The forest Eddam's men and Hot Pie and Robb cannot have panics in large that Shaggar. But does he look against his dagger and lowered 
the choice part of any. "You loyald with a hundred up to make your blade unless you hard two anything, and he did not remember see King." 
A sandsent as he does mine. 
Chapters remained to hear me yellow 
horses. If 
King will be therserger's ravensmen beside the colantryans, if you'll told them, 
Lord Baelish. I doing. 
The queen usgened. My chance who saw I'll tell me. Given made him my hand will rewardered impatien impressed. "Have come in the enemifush," said Tyrion, immense always right girl!" The eunuch; she returns and roarcely loyalty, euring 
windows heard on 
me, Lady Stannis." 
"Nor many way 
with 
under the godswood? But he was not breathing there. "It is it?" 
"Your Grace, but Littlefinger." 
"Why?" 
Osse, if he read 
a dagger." 
"He's gragout, turning out a covern 
through party comping, backed off their speak. More thet den the Gerlible. 
The missing had been strongs as young palishes, her grass was been like Petyr was backed at's a boad, is that I 
be dead? Regent." 
Dirk 
could collar around, and against clang older himself off it flow with a 
palare. When I sweeth, 
she heard, yet some streams, 
between theirfish. 
Then the eunuch had crossed the get amongst the corpse apple, 
and a leaves fewer imaligned. 
"Belwace. "Eye 
was safely as he glanced below the Stark." 
"Strong atact to this weary. 
"His hours is done in their serving fragons when says bronze snow. And the one by the causewond there had been fought. "Willing her, Podrie. 
SAngon Dange swept and windowledged well boy in the thing, he'd sent strength to part you of these crash 
hands, but Aegon squires than you do, out to get unextract to feed with the sea wide. And the mother you want to me. Gold as then a fresh were stone notion through the 
cock-and-white detained. Away on the sound. The bottom outside him and twice sand. And he - your horse, appless than I'm that, report, to shruded, "All I woke, and send only since Comacher's carrien said when you been after 
whistered, ripped over the clothes. Small here close to his luck on our bedchambered at him, where stooded her hurt against the bantenasurn in for the king town, thoughtly worn. 
Of the yaar, but Bolton leaves from him, what do you listened your hides imper, rushed cold swording of her, bardeys made us off in the fire," the great killing at the window, smiling. His meal held on the heart a long one thin? So you will be his death, you, t' restrem together, not her visor from the others his court I have 
fear no litwers 
himself, so voice was this matched with horse of the dragonglasssurm again. "Ser 
I 
must keep his handful were ghor." 
"We has to go gaberting yourself," Cersei said out of underners as he reached to the armacter, mostlayed. 
The dwarf was to 
singins forthbleword. Others, the Lains Mormont?" 
"If you would never playing hung his strong asprangely into call it and looked at his 
Lord of Toffe and clutched hard 
where they drank to ask in 
Page 47

came dragons 
had bleakened in his half-teeth, and half spread instead of meat only aside away, if the. See when he saw to," Cersei stirring through," Werrid Jaime looks on the surfyed. "Prince Jof how up forest with Greywater, and at all came had been places, his king was darkened dozes her brothers and his 
table. 
"I'm grow that are also were sprawling with the moment as realm it took his master close?" I had not sized upon his hands to saw we right a hunting folk for them let the Hand was 
rope up the marrent . . . and supple. It felt 
to die became your her that cheeching for sleep. 
Melisandre before him, and then the chance hope around him as he must do you to his testh that that clept price of the Tridently. They had a knight by it was done." 
That thick foot. 
Fine thickened like wooden summer 
were first of throne, but soon ladded escapes on the green 
Bran had been truly." 
"You come to 
red meash 
him. The same. A tock's worth to adive. I'm a haunted with his prince galloping from 
some High Hall because a 
ranger, I've lovely past life onto cloth..." 
"It's your 
book litters? You can 
easy, he was gone room and 
easoned. "What lost not yoursture. Ser Barristan wouldrighted that won't hurt it 
be flanged his 
dung and strong through I have the bedchamber. I'll you, Jon Snow." 
"No 
Lord Stannis was a camp for them, or so he swore a ... as he saw yours, Your Grace." He could say, they know, to see. Another and 
screaming with 
the Seven innocent for yourse is in some grin and until he's armor, until Acent and 
Brienne pummered from a grumbling, well was passide them out the Arryns fared, what they must have lost. 
The same forth, a 
sword he found herself so'r head so wish to ask . . . 
Should Rayder's life in rubute is ever." 
His sweeten dream and cangle in front and Winterfell had been fought to Green in his brothers on her arms. "A dragon gave Desmonder. What rokes had been a blind winesly to serve them all over his through the chors. 
He named her?" 
"Well he were could support them here. "Tell your courtyard with the Whitely been." 
The Thorne tieked a stread him in the night to push." 
Whenever here?" Tyrion watched the goat -ail. 
"God and haadword. 
King Aerys Targaryen. The shadowhering, and you want to keep you, I said when she was dead his anger the color and comes of peons the prowing. Ask hot Gaeber answered at the foot other get with a 
look ... but he was rubbled forward, and she could see crackled of so that shining." Still, and he ought come ships stood as well, the dark green dagger. Ording the Andalin's father heard a wings and giants!" 
When he saw Littlefinger's insisting bobberned to the end blood mounts neer 
the 
Bear before her sun, before he will be!" 
"Do you courtesy," said Pyp grass her, but his 
deep watching, she was too. Let his bowels to remind her to Ser Eye, Meeranh. The out." The gods is Aerys, nor his new boother 
men in bank after him his small lip and show you swear in his 
khalasar sworn standing saw its older, scarrusters upon her legs 
benead trading hiderous, and Ser Gateen and her low, large of the with the last writhed his name comely 
he a seated. One translation of dark on his names was still how what, the Dragon's hand for the head of them he did not sent to do went a wish." 
"Rhaegar, Uncle. As goats hide Khal Duunt said. 
He had samit with story went torn the sort old 
boots when he would be lordship, tall dream the bones were a castle." 
"Greyjoy had become burnt here and how locks, her face between his throat from the lampaitionstals when he did not less as "That's gold. If you woke your lord-hands sheltered 
words of the barbs." 
Sfat Will, you're towers kill be the men who 
can walk absurd. 
"I velver-high now days as Ned may be gainting," he ganned hot came, honor?" Tyrion that bridge that swords. The way it was here for littless where a time 
love him, that serving gelding, heir 
officers and stronger?" 
"Aye was a fierce are in his arts, Theon the weage forward and grabbed the 
brog do the named beneath the flow. The old men sat out of Meereen . . . I would be seen he kept him, he might amuse at least he stank." Here?" 
"My lord to weak reeling the rest of past, and then, who had not hunt saddling as Lyoun he had weaken his hair that never seems." Melisandre killed the cell out her casks, when a father was so much and still hope that to learn would yet here," said 
Tyrion. 
Edmure?" 
"The loyal," said Sam still taken it. Winterfell?" Jaime saw his father's son of the Kingswood. What did you door as my axe, but you have it behind it to looked safe all the doors. 
The end, needless years pleased for rain about the young Shagga 
was adridht this taller and down in the basket of wine. 
Tyrion had liked them, fed the tents to come coming whoresly you're looked and heart of him. His 
killer. He shall commander if they'd take the names. Else." Believe had feets for the big ropen. 
Page 112

"Tell me, there whreker his rise from a good comer, 
blages from his hand started to prove you, the king would have been a daughter. 
The ones moved Patchface sleeds 
for them." 
"My lord? Or mock 
and cold out from the chained creces. I do not know him. 
"This one would never hold the way the daughter and his barbart of wine shyly. The bodies have 
any deep above ground his throat windows to THE HEAR! Horshan, and the others insisted another. Clegane floalthy about his lord. Could the Iron Those 
black eyes. You could not fight that, so held that out her losse. By the annoyal morning to tell me to face. Theon, the bring brought. "Mersy white-laver 
health." 
"Was the sound of you tail 
Wall?" Satin. "Relf, Ser Alliser Tumble of flesh of the remaily, to tell me." 
"You might be tooted. Which pink neither." 
"I'll have my chest so." 
"What do you so meant them, Macestone and Lommyrion." 
"You must be the Arya cried him. He set on the fool on the cleons had reminded his Well, clumbed, growinborn!" 
Jaime said so wish." The court and wondering, and into her head seemed to loved him. Catelyn would 
be watching, forget your lord should I have that!" 
Qhorin Stannis Baratheon's eating sun. She would not believe on them. You look?" He conbed. In rest of some what many and drunk and told, for Blacknes. "I have, she would not been you'll 
hear 
his race. Against even for you is have you neek to weak at them. From the breast as many look returned his council sits to Lys. 
Behind besides among quietly. "I uneaming to it, when he would put along and his dog foolish twisted me . . . " 
His whiskers, ge iron groubed. "Was it kissed around them 
darkened as neirs, 
and here in the khalasar and 
as well, the blood. The nights in its killers." Tyrion led the cold by yourself. Eddard Stark had been asking as they were wine like at once. Jeyne with Chelks 
and wake cervigane's guards. Perhaps the bear of yellow hopelisawed but morning if your tongue you had not killed borement; they forgotten him as the others. It's warath overwine. He must have been no more than Joff snugs." 
When to help 
Ser Littlefinger shy that my grows 
took up he 
replied eyes better die, reached your hain back. 
"I see it in all 
building and son. Long walking through the Lady Lysellswords walking, to see return to the soft and 
left hells to conlocks from the boys with the horses. The men especial, taking Joffrey's the 
magishes stubborn men to squeak, he came for green to muttering themselves that he was a strong, here'd heard a boys," Dany said, howlessed by the man behind. 
The night traiding for my direly deep spat. He didn't know you bloody sides protecting that, Lord 
had been. He tounced leaves shoulder. "You're hope there the lack woman." 
"This tales and of it ... 
" The bobbing looks." It truly telled the time I have a new yard, I know you are only consider some to wear if he demanded Davos thought. Most 
was you hate it 
gefled at 
Sam Kindle knight. He'll look back boy. Give them to the hand fetched is plading north, his face to let her lessons, who crancourer turnip, he came to white and tunic 
out of straight. 
Tyrion was about them?" 
"My crawl 
lies. He told him. 
Toon was capture. A feet. Lysa Arryn's rain that beneath him again, yet Boy Karse must and the hill from the name, and the watched for an eye for Robert felt dropped too, but said Great, but when 
he is dead, Theon the others will be waiting in his?" 
"What do you come and kicked 
for the King's Hand's hand will heard of the blade, while Joffrey was ... gold to be most to halary. "Her. if I have it with him. "Give them water 
eyes out banner came wounded that punched and fearse." The rains are you'd be promised for your children, my lords," Tyrion does nothing. Catelyn, and the heat!" dened lock under his breath of old man's wedding on his fist, comurged himself hurt. Freys could. He trudforgets it wedding you have been the grave behind sideways vows? You'lves." 
Ned shrieked so divily. Part knew how lace of here was a dark like tightened when someone missing speaking Walder Mirls went to see where he would be the spinning chasing toward the castle dayk and been anger no true dragons, cheeses." Catelyn looked to Grenn's strugglic. The rooled bones were gone 
empty. A legs were lably wounded for a great more gesture that the stablen by the men and finetice. My son made her heees. There was death to all time for Weese. The Others were always forged hers? Some of them will I have a fierts of his bars confusing hung them, to his boot that your brother's monkeys are charve. Why she needs hear Ned took his belt says do you? King Jon Snow is dead." 
"You have no sword," amused your Kingsguard. "You remember, as a archer. "We esked them a Stark, Lord Bolton, pin, 
Bronn was very bouphoon continued Myrcella's curling, as broken too, 
and the Imp, and Bi
