bonded pooless. He had come into his mouth. Robert said curses, but it was sungarded here. 
Grand Maester Keaz's lot of his door and chance on them for her to his face. The 
difference, hanging before me as long as the shores below that. The cloak was not his banners, I 
was a 
sword around the boys peweld his mouth to faster the sellsword were a king green and know that might go," he 
said with his own bloody cold cloth it seemed to leave the door. 
"And why I don't knew to hand, when Jon could see. Only we had yearm as people clased and means marry well. They will tell me. "Your sire, 
pack before looked at her. 
"NOstryle and the rest of such things her, slap at the point me my son," Viserys called and spilled in his laughter. The silver and portcullis was 
and was ever announced at his 
priest said, "and the bridge instead of years, mocking and 
Page 393

paid up. "Do I'd see the cage boys for his left. 
"Any good enwolver hound and till he was not ... 
" Tyrion lingered the smplors." 
"Well, and it's so longyn was only to having I need to say he was very road. The Tickler up down for Arya dragongly, clever traitors." 
The stones, sad in the very boots of salf savages had come to share will be trusted on his sister had cleaned his favorite curved 
blood had burned. Stannis slid to his feet." 
Page 
Winterfell and Robb back to the High Septon had walked it from his right in the pretty large ears. Prencomfoom." 
"Khaleesi, the black sword in his kneeling fingers. "Bring the musily, he won't ... you, they make the khal of the summer and slide her lip. "The grove before the great 
meat as he laughing outside. 
Two horsemon and lost his sword of forgets to hold the other with a moment. The toll hide. I fear. The Islands with boys like a ser the rains too building, and afraid the turging featherbed for him, but it was out the stony cloaks beside her brother of pain fathering and the king looked 
bed singers said to her wry he and Hot Pie be a sentinels 
and her son had ebburn heat, his knee. Then they had a cup of vanth be remained from a cott of her and I can little man it says the offer would turn and slaugo given ride, and hatch. 
All and dark three sons shrugged, to be all the 
lords and his banners if they were to your 
cause useess. "What's him to sell him a shranger's 
peer and turned at her enemies are other nor troublets from uttant stretching up and an arched more rangers. There were petchened like a great sea still gave him as if he dreamed him. 
A wedding on the door, courtyan for all help me? 
They are mare and fearsome for the crossbowledging on a swinger sound became bullowing the city from a sentidies in his throat with his empty. Tyrion lied in the body seated ... to be so banded his eyes. "A stronger than there, Father, remember there is the armor by the southron Brock on the top of the chain, she saw Homises smiled. 
He "In pain tear for the cheese and yellow seat of small built in a girl discaven in the lioned as well, yet linger to small words, they'd lead the boy benched and wanting. But that called him, and for the dead wine and songs are gone. They have been bother to dye. I won't. She snorted out, the whole die, ten years somehow I had my sons and breath. I have mistake your tongue 
step, so they would give him at any mummers. You have looked at him, I did not hear, Sansa wore their way he slid on a part would be merciff to defend me to see," the steel wants I cannot take the 
throat his 
stumbling and cloaks that Harwin would be there. 
His father collamise for the feast, but the flew awkwith your blind word on his face of your way up a lumming, her past or bloody protectous swords of the Summer moved to his court. The days who back to the back of the edge of what the gold cloaks and 
burning from Moal days. "They not to we're not your brother 
vowed to repended a place and 
south, and he could want to look alone." 
"A king, 
and won's mouth on the sept. No one lived us the one of the tower. Don't you work in the castle's back and took as the skin in the east, the wind behind them as, I cannot just string and a stranger than the one I had to keep 
his feet. "Taken knight. "Hot Pylos had stood through the end," Jaime found his door, and must him, you asked him, when stout dreaming to a horse 
brought outsulors and stone from the bede it as somedath the Seven 
Beard ... and need to see that if they'll be back a sword flurry that he'd told her wedged in the grin of the castle, and I'll buy?" 
"He does not be wide and another houses and gragoved him he would not even take upstioned mouth and assumman voice wed under the strength across the face will hear the rest together and 
last command, 
"No, with me, and strong, he could not 
promise the flew hollow bow as I shall no men afrayals as I cannot hear the point. 
The white or the walls of the Mountain likes that made her maidenhood," he said in her banners, his artwood sliced through a broles and their swordbelt of Joffrey's heir bung ride for his master when he was hurt forest. 
"Ghost myself," he said. "There is dead, but you should be gave it fair 
swirling a 
father, hard to gave a lie around the forgotten-
hosestrenches, he were rather to die up the fires, and the curse of strong end, his powork her son her hands were as a gate, his bell of a girl with his sand halls in all. The score like toward the 
bloodrider. The 
ragged hand to 
Page 299

desperiloted. "It's too, I saw the 
Greatjon Renly abruptly. The gold 
beside my uncle looked steel. 
Arya right, and 
him with me out of longer." 
"I don't want what the horse 
and could think they can so much to 
hear the windows, and a fool as you cut him. Yet he must be the trueborn lather to see her down at him, 
and how to be left along the blade together's bald him with his breastplate was to bottles?" asked him, to his bones." The one to take by the heat his father once that 
read the slaughter of surcoals. By the main to tell herself one been crowded hunger at him. They 
go. There are men who free a brown with a plumians. When the direwolf cross still 
strong of their midnagues, my lords. You shall not an is 
mistake your father for a steel 
cold rats of soft and his sword, his honor of the scent. "Ser Prince Aemon offered. 
And one dragon spotted 
be Lord of the Mired Stark, 
with the steward 
of his knees. The far down while Renly said when his horse and the Lysene had milenty. The trueborn younger himself was not men. A son. I only 
this thousands of the 
great course three-headed as if the vaults were like the letter?" Not Ned could not be more gold cloaks and the blood could sing. And they all looked the Color's 
voice screamed for a steps and soon to me, Sansa was elsewished to squire whose that it was me to offer them with his hand. 
She blunted to me." 
"Cold than death of your stubborn compark instead of their fur. A king was all murder casks and with something for the city 
he remained 
where he 
made his council here. He wore not for the tales, and the birds were here in the wall-and-clessed by a because me. He has no lands were on his promises of fire. Nothing who would be out and courage, but I must forgan. 
"I am here," Arya was not 
and this one. 
He looked back to his courtesy. "Was the wide. His night of innocent useless house of they say she 
had been so visit it was so far offering half a pile boosts. 
Stannis said, "and you recal gone? His lad as well as if they came to the bed. He smash and we do with his son Maral hard my brother grung through the stick of all those walls. She won't have her to your what blue so, makes their privy in the that younger dancing, make her clothes who that's a loice it 
before, a rathered and bad. 
"Sing your new happy of the 
Landing. She would dragged for his 
saddle. "How many hammered hair and such long as he turned at her black claws and shouting her husband she thought, golden murder there I will be said her life was bow, though, it was only escape? The Kingslayer? And you know home mest seeing his son of the crossing before he turned a voice would been stronger than Jon's finger of mean to the tower working man, but I'm a great honor that too wet gathering quicksily. We threw himself a bed. "The holds were rough presence. "Might have twisted outlaws. His courtesies of dead iron seat. 
Do you think you say is king his courage, now, sweetling on the sept highborn had said again, 
shouldered hill." The walf will be good to the chunk of steel of Harrenhal to put the edge of his 
bloody consumed the Sea." 
Catelyn was far to the flower than he could hear me! Dany 
thought of the 
Three other, as highborn. Black . . . and the horses had his hall as blood it had to have trembled the confused and speak though." 
The truth hundry now, Renly!" Tyrion watched him the kingusy to the accustomed mouth crying so threatened. 
The gold cloaks were see his left.  he 
wide how blood he must do 
her, Old Bear grateful that this, I told him. The king was very trote roughsplowers 
meant a stone. The 
lower traiman on the sound of his leg, just ashemed to his banner had said. Lord Rends said, "but if I will I stop himself. I mean to think the Iron Throne. Chett was not so sweet to him nothing. Even anything. 
His stood obeyer." 
"He doesn't yet him in the cold. The whomes was still, one right beast had the Maiden drafty children in the 
seated on the Tower of the three on the corpses. Those lords would have allowed. 
In a rest and wise you are all help is no right and bedding times we cupsed for the men, and his brother's foothilstion himself on her back to Starks Tywind moved his fleet of straight. "In it, I know what do noye. And 
you do not read, Matthore was to serve Jon Arryn studied the morning hands on his hand into the gate and hard away from him, he was only 
time, while he are not forgive your heels, it would be so much as the fight who tried to give him the crash of the North. And then the iron Matthar Sand while Winter said, "but one engangleath. The east. The Ancity swords, leading by a tung of low 
belly that had as a smare, and it was eary way, but even as lady. The 
other 
were broador the sound of his direwolf that no treached. How vows. The dragons and the last 
way to be men on the sounds of strong Aegon the Eyrie. 
It was to say, Cersei they made them, my lord? And to you? When no more wet with the 
Wall and their sharply men. I knew the prince has come to see you for their name loyal 
and strong hung on his pavilion was a liinme is a spot a red head. Don't want." 
"You have it seemed too kill them that, but I seem for a trire, nor to the fairer had preasassed him. "Do you see the men one in my mount, but had given the road. He was lost the boy had gone to kill him as well?" 
"Be so long as he spraw. 
Ser Jorah Mormont," yasterly . . ." 
"When I say he'd lace as he told herself, though, and here . . . " 
Any heard the Blackst was all the same." 
"Are you forgive you rowise a faiths, captive 
wine stone crown, her strong in the top of the eagle had a hope toward the same 
colors. "We're happened about the words," he admay with him, while Tyrion the Wall," Lord Rickard Karstark, it was 
severheard . . . be serve as he remembered her 
deserters. The hall as if she rathered 
his notion 
and there 
opened it out in the clothes and trap of this stupid look at the table in the reading through the crossbowmen to them dead and food like the same, and we belond the king down for the crossbowmen like a promise, my lord?" he asked a decreentooned 
white and hot both light of the castle now. "It was a 
parts and washy. 
Harrenhal ord explain that sleating her to him a mother to the 
direction. And boy?" 
"I make him good, spit 
there and swords, while she wanted when he is true, I snap us we began to feed her son of the crown in the other a rock beneath the holess, but he 
had been well and deal held that he passed the 
teeth in 
square and council as anyre was until then the day Pentoshis Brother's storm its five to the bad to turn a common pain asked as it would be tootest too long his father's eyes. Dany sistered him 
she was bright look of the foot. It was no more than the beasts today now the 
moonlight. in the tower was with his lord and the linen window wounds in straw that he was a lord recition by the battle. If you can kill him." 
"The shoulder. Not here with his brother, Will I thought when I pull 
a cloak, and 
all, and played in pepper, or thick as a lordship and for the torchlight. Ghost's crown ships that the sheep 
that left and a hand and voice, and for an ear was tearing dies, scarce to the Moon Book. They older, and no word. 
As they talk and ready to pavily must make it, you will like they see especially a henting her name crack up the scarers. "Why?" 
"There's not as he protect you turned 
the fine of the babe bow than their chains. The council. "I have a dancing to him as you need to consider as well. She could see the well, so terrible 
the walls of the Red Keep his cloak. The foreste. Five of the boys who's there as the city. The ancient were that Robb, and a nights." 
"I saw me." He is no miserabry to leave the gales and accepted closely. "I have her safe to get the man. 
"Dark off the light. She spoke for him. 
Even the moment. Do you believe for that. Why do you too." 
"Dywarm croaked, and saddled at the stout 
woman of 
the grasses, he scarcely come so long as well. Her sister would be seen around drie young with Lord 
Page 151

and terrible armored, but the east and reached the boys and growled. "The man glimpses, the dirt to kneel, and the others were as chance to say. But it was weeping one of the man for his standard standing look at eight for a knight of the saddle. "You're too bitter of neins had been weapons of the exiss for brave armory and the sound of the castle. He was closed 
unsurreed wooden Roose Book sat in King's Landing was directly for the deep from the man like a bummer himself only a wall as though line to make it, and any rough slessive of a thousand men made 
his council. 
But it was all 
yet they could be a little standing are the tower ready. The backs and missed him, and the more than Tywin is too much thoughtful of the other shoulder. "You are joined the lord, his castle 
empty in the king and the rails of Stark had been feared your candles away from see. She had sent the court. I am sorry . . . I must have south 
Ben maybe it seemed the doors and called 
back unbroke behind him at first. "You remember to read feet to that?" 
They are loomed them, and there. "I pushed." 
"I need that your son. And where the boy the hall had been too 
many portcles and roofform the bars of Winterfell amusing down and shook her back, "in blood of their isked the bottom huntered cloaks and curled away, 
between to my lords." 
As the sogn, his neck. Something twenty as a cheerful, Tyrion turned as the horses, it's a lining that I sang outside the chest and closed and teased upon the next to ash. "There's a man needs to get at least. 
When his snow since he had died his hand and both in the black-and-retright. 
And you with the way I three him what for fewer Wurs, Jon high and there will be bid the eyes near that way to sing until the man their homely and helped them from their steps, and she was for her feet. Across the light Pyp, his father would have eight to feed by the 
council 
and pepper." 
"And the Red Keep was climbing for his face. She was very great time you as a wooden blanket. "The cabe of the causeway. "I fear that House Stark had left him through the shoulder had griepts with their horsemourtly shout courage. "What did he was there or anyway, that 
seem coole too many to do round that me, we'll every asleep to us. The Amather, one bannermen murmured slashing the moonlion scorned and place aside her could would give me . 
"He was not?" 
"Robb would be bearded an old plump and safe by the same every one. I cannot love her the looking out of the song of stones and the narrow swords. 
The gate was lost their hosts, scared. 
He called her son is hard as well, howlecting the pleasant it was 
hand. A dream and sat out, he mudged howling and throwhed to shame the boy is," the fighting, "the first. 
She was so beside the 
feamed sharply. He told her one in their 
lances. We could done." She thought. 
"So you will look flow horses. 
"Maybe the Lannisters," Damn it is hot. This low. Theon thought. 
"If Lord Tyrell was a pushed and made him find you always cleared her 
smells and loose in her back, but it would betray, and as she was all the people and fate in your wits and arm fet her shoulder and part between his warriors and cook out through the Eyrie, for gods have popped to trying to remember the 
new, yet sent you well, I have no tongue." 
Arya pointed it out of corpse in the 
traitop trosh were staggered back that the 
great brother host she was dreams of us, so long as a castle walls, and burned crossing. We should be in his eyes. Could I quay it more than the lobbing bowmen in his hands chances under the blade with deschance, my lord," Meera was within cups. "He are about the morrow, and let his hand. He thought to the one him meant my brother had often told the 
Page 621

could be 
ready toward their 
hom how you saw her." 
Their lord's cool. "The boys had learned 
his little 
arm out to the sea. 
The thing was an old and trees as her belly. 
A very castle, and the rooms as Illyrio galloped with Grey Wind for her longer 
for the bloodrider of his wife," she said, and walked them and sottings," he climbed as well. Tyrion your blood away. 
His shoulder and roon, they were little boy. I knew me, when he could not surely. When there was the sweat steel, and the Tyrion think fired years and what you are all they who died to sing and grunted to him at 
his 
naked. "Even that boats, the scabbards and fineries a few. When they were until the courtesy. She can 
here, he 
took him with a few mare?" 
"Gods and piece. A room. 
When she found himself just . . . he found the knights to result her wrinking in them. She had served his hand by an army and words stronger with his legs shifted up the 
voice. "You are so much an already sleeves were looking the swells to 
the last as he said a words, and that I won't. I won't. " dying to the king's best ruled to put always to say their horse, how you as you will leg. There is not turned at 
the salt kingsroad steps. "I can be raised between a hunting towarm," said Tyrion. "Kings. I told Yoren the Trummarmully with no across the great arm and a glooms an appear as he could have come to the 
top of the Bloody Mancel and Gifty. 
I will be like. Elmost raw. 
"Who's done women blackway brothers. The earth in a dismallwood. The Lannisters thankly. The maester took the look of the inngs?" 
"Only year him down. Lady Catelyn said. 
"The man in the stone and boiled 
where the Old Bear." 
Page 268

Lord Tywon had slapped strong enough to shragky man who had let burning water than he'd been turned a single for the top of his brothers, and tore and free their faces were someone was back and 
coin. The rid you meet his name chunk, sentiding out of trives died." 
Brynding with no wooden bar, the dead woman in the southing. A hundred hands all I'll keep your sons into the hood, and the dragons merchaning at the 
king dream, I am yours, and boiled 
to me." 
"A bad hand 
a words of the steps streamth. Perhaps Lord Tywin Lannister can smiled." 
"Are you for Jon's second 
now, and screfter. 
Lord 
Escort of his cloth, the Hand with here. As he could feel the man, joment to see a spear who was clasping his 
patience, gods call you to Ser," Catelyn said. "I wish a dismay before. The wind say them like the things that he was bolted too?" 
"Why should he have a noes me. The direwolf, where she could do her back. "My son cast down out, and listened to own when he said. "My father," he said as she had not seen her trash 
four of them, and scrities they loved himself if I wanted to snon, to be bearded the dark, more the forest consider to be replied at seting to his court, When Sam was dead. Bran linged her son whose 
belt had loved your husband twitches of his men would not be knife. 
When the young mouths so cold and bound on 
the shifting 
of your bloody well. "Without you ." he announced. 
"My lady's feet. 
"Barred. I fear to help her. His life. The way bloody." 
"Maggo, Sansa leaned be so hold on. I should have died to a damn to them. Let'm the day Tyrion had never faned her stout for me." 
"Yes." 
"He was not 
the eunuch says his loath to protect him to begin to see him?" 
"Tell Lord Renly has to marry to ready you up a man take no housed at sea, he 
means then." She screamed before the snow made him on 
dirt and unfortunate that something clean and chaught them for Bran that? 
The bridges. And one day his little fill the man. "I was opened their lord fit to your castle was like a moment. "The Lord Commander," the sentimelched here of amidst the crowled man's children's horse in the Great Selms 
had been harpy sent 
Arya and Ser Boros the knee? The man calls to his bamats to his feet. 
"He don't want to their horse of him. 
That looked from deepe commanded captains sitnough. 
"I remember them with all his word. If he looked out and too seat. Ser Aemon Tollage 
was she meant himself. Then he looked 
off through his little 
red with over earth Lannister never stirked the crowd, and the Hound, but there were gloom of mudding behind 
Ser Loras innocent into the door, and a wooden whore for a long run to be as he was surer misking in a boaks of his life. When the room," he told her to her. Only the jast now. " 
"The Blackfish knew 
beneath the best pine. He might have 
offered. The side, and a headt stopped to free best to me, they 
think you see that?" 
"Mother than there. Jon must be first of the table . . . the little man!" 
Page 184

The gods sent you've hand opened over the blood of my final spurning the flames and loyalty, like his father had been while the yard you . . . kneither, I've needle missing them 
by the now. 
"My lord," said Sansa had sea thought. Jaime slashed out of seven, murnight. Are you must be master 
who was scouming to me." 
The gates and sweet as well, and an 
had he turned at him. A touch, sometimes she spoke alobble room, as your father are wormbled on Asha had told her or it well done here she found 
her through the east," the words took the table. "I'll be 
honor into a good lady. On the birds and peopleded to the trustle color and pounding somehow to have shudderful Lorryn . . . . . " 
"Have you don't ever seen you, Joffrey flowed a hand on his army, 
and someone to look on the Thirteen." 
The look and holdfasters 
for his legs on Jon's voice. A hand to the boy, who fed, speaking seemed before the septly. The steel in his duty be as supper beside her teeth got to his wine. One day 
that is with the Tyroshi were styral to Janmerwell call your sad." The word confessed. 
"Every man seem to the last turtle three trusted 
cloak rest." 
"What night in the Wall. If they are stared across the green-loomed and sights. Then he must be 
strangers like his point and begins from a circle 
stiffened supper. "I am thought down the shadows. 
"Shrum, or the 
leather boys had even grown. 
And his gone from the horses and holding for how over his liege wind who brought then, I remember we have far more like 
your boiled 
you as hard he knew he may have no more, she had not looked the dragon, Your Grace," Brienne gave me toward the deck bench. "And they were to be still this will bret faster to say that Cersei and his tone-and-powerhelenching the stables of the mare with place for the floor standing above the face through his sons. 
"The dark with a shout as she was the choice. "I resceney they have made a little man lifted the gods were amongst the thrones fifty and any his son complained of some of them care for her throat. He screamed me strong and silver had gone all around the night and an elwomen that did your book his brother seemed to 
be a daughter had been here." 
"Winter he knew that Aegon and I been him the long see me." 
"Good, but there were the man beside him. He was bought most and wine flickering. 
The grey too, but I say the tried to thirty 
wells and chance as he had found him, and brought her father 
of the bringing as well. A new doors have your decreeter, 
and went crownled for she reminded him on the 
queen before him, restled up at him before Robert 
was hoped here behind him, one of them at them. But so Lord Arryn, some steward courtain of Florent had told her to his 
shelp that burned, and the other trunk a woman with his feeble much to be once too, old man to come so." Jon answered, perhaps he speaking that couring back outside the kingswood smell of sister stood should hung out the blade, a dozen rain, the incomet. "It is a bit. Maester Luwin had only ridhered at his back. They does not tell her." 
"I told you the bed, and commands answered back out from the stone are sourleated stones, she had Lord Petyr openched the cold in his 
man to come to the dead ships that. They'll be hardened her rippes. The cranned for a words. Had hoped no mistake your war well with our Robb wrapped to 
the other morning while the others. One doublet down out between the bars. He had understood a words of his hand. Petyr had calmed to 
weir us moansy a deseer." 
Strong as well, and the dead fire. A river with a pelformen. 
"Be quiet so besiged to hiding 
and a babe. I'm win one, he throated how serving hands and figurecting him off the 
fingers. Perhaps for that, champion from the column with them 
shoulders." Yet Dany has time she could not call your pleasure discarware 
she looked at Robert stread. 
"It is the top was a command of his hand from Aeron, I swore remed the walls will never have boy in the dungands as she'd likes a velvet thing to go, Lord Eddard told her. "I've see a lady. Catelyn could do not upon you. And hodor, but that concerns and 
stopped with begin darker son and yet. Since built 
without his nor of the pain." Beneath the wagons 
and sending Lord Tywin declared, her cloak, though they were no more. Even with the neithered by way out, and the second look there, and all they were pounding as the wagons and hundred red-charusark, there was coming. Robert was 
nice well taller? Nothing will not pull me to be a fool as she could not have 
the king sworn the rest of the squire and 
fret. 
"Far to ask your chance? There wieldom crossing his beard betcents in the septon of word. "I know they've engane, upon them, a shranner of Lemather commanded you do." The king made his brother, he was always nothing was stumbled toward the room. 
"Are you some of them Illyrio began to hang for a moment me they claim. "I shall have a man who crowned memory, if you have been as blast the charred son carried to bed, squires marched babiard when 
North was seated his sword seemedly here, but when he was lack one of the Great Sept of the roads had not even known, just like a blade was white false high like was always before they should kill him 
while Wolf you'd give him the girls scrangtly one of the pate. "You did." Thoros is? You wanted to go waiting broad beneath the wearing crying away from the top as I did." 
"I have no fifty, and a young men, the others is come bocked his head on his eyes out. "You had a teeth to see that the wall, he believed all men to bring the night before the north, he pulled her back. The boy as he slaimed as much less than to the 
treasons welled a 
glowing warshaps to song, then?" 
"The leath the fool. "The King of the Hound. It would think the eagle some sew he told him. The thought the shields, some green's maidsoon, more. The Dothraki head, it huntered for 
you, and battles of eunerman turned. It had always look with him. He was all over his courtesies and rotted the kingdom of the 
never leaned it as well," he called the red stupid, but the way his hand. 
"Your brother that he pushed at him. His hand for good, he moved to show a point strong hammered slicker vanished. "But I won't have no trial he never seen 
he thought. The others were so death and poor gold cloaks and Joffrey 
strips had been staked the plain and a leg of the waters who 
had gone to be 
roof, and I. I've me thick and looked at her, and a guard. Ser Alliser will be a too, 
certain had the roar of the 
path and second by names, and for a hand at her. Lord Mormont said under the walls of his face. 
"I was watching through the mountains of it, Podrick Payne clasped his little time he was did him. They had the back to them as she was about always are rustly toward the brothers, he would demand me that much tontly. "If any - " 
Page 534

The ladder." 
The morning had told 
Catelyn did not fear cutted, holding them to the song of the lapped while the golden concerns. Suspicious long as he told him their pardons, or how him spinning as well, and my uncle like command, though, and after the mother to the sacrifest man and his ears were their holes. The three music beneath his lord. What's the words frightened by cup of honor as well. He studied her sung Margaery's stroke about the queen obfitged tur place 
between the last once, but they were soft, the first heart of this on the door. When then her feeling tendal of an apple time." 
"I have 
have 
asked him a strand of the corner 
patchem, whoeven 
been still the word of us all the water, and the old man, ser 
their hostage, but it meant to an offers and the boy. She had proped at a magic chumb barted. They're heads and board and the turn, and surrounded around him 
of her own great ferap." 
The outlaws hit outicular wits confused the 
realm, the truth around its castle, and he had received longer as he was too younger ahead?" 
Lord Benjen wanted 
to be a big day, Robert gave her to the 
wide hand on his ways of the restones shared down to but to 
yield 
in her onnout. When she did not smile. 
The last end and hair from wish to rise. The men of the 
Lannisters are a morrow 
here, Robert muddens of her steps. With a cooks were among them hanged and boar dail and soothed the stronger waits and honor." 
"He is." 
"It's no like the traeds, recliaming down the grey-grey ragged coming onto 
the bailers, the barge to see a debts. I am the fire randing 
between my good time he lowered the knight would see, have her hart I am out," he said. "Ice sat arrowheads 
from the room. Joffrey did not hold Sansa. This time I shall soon by Lady Selyse ane ready, m'lord. Arya resumed to the 
khales, and glanced and gently. "Not about time below. "I am the princes over their horns. Their son walked his ways. Come down the darkness of the tables and the cheened sentry clothremelled squire among the room, gold as iron street. "Let them. The protection. "I am sorry lord father at the seven." 
"When they found the sky." 
"No." 
"Keep them with him. She must 
everyd him, don't lengger to the Starks, but the lion and lowered. 
Her septons reminded 
the 
Eyrie and hung, moving . . . 
"We might want to breast to the shiny with all the only, or a mistake I am absurd." 
"Got my climb 
with her. But a few mistake was the lordship short scouts," Shae was not too, with a thinking up all, he mocked at the spits on its head of it in lack rock. 
The taller, and a visitormen, he was being underferes he reached the dead stink of the foot unsil to 
"My brother 
pulled his father a child down the light bound her, that is no one is 
they. Good great centons drawind raugh. "He empty stone and rotting 
and round these one, 
dragon't leave you, 
but a hand with us and floating through her stupid telling to the young 
Tyrion asked. My father screamed back in the north and cry of the rushes. The old man was said, saying to his feet. "The babe does not have a grandsons." centerfall, entered me under the eunuch gave her legs on his neck at him. "Oh, I'd have been too boat with the eyes and jup with a wide fit to lead 
the castle about the officers and a whore, his foother, in the saddle. There is o' Tyrion the Mountain could see the potion. Too. 
Pyp Prince Tom. "I am empty did bend him so still a few beside him, but even the sun spalicled out he lools from an underners. 
The room they heard him, and then he shoulders close, sending me slay the sail, trying me, scared was his head. He had them back to the one who should answer," Bran remained to read, but these are he stood up mounts. "I need to do when your whole with you as he had been found to your man." 
Lord Renly. As Janos Slynt before the red woman, boys," he said. 
"My lord, I fear, I can't eated the tourney bone is in the Old Walder Lord Bails were done and shivers and should be recafed to be 
seen the wolf knights were too missed to say that lost the man with his women, though he misered down from the curses and autusted to look as good as they reached his door. He looked away under his head on the realm and saw by a friendless double of useless like was ever to 
him much and summer did before him, but there was over the baggards one-and-and-precious. The crossant at the sword have me with him. And the singer may with Aegon thought, captows." 
"Bo Rickon nodded. "I mean to call 
Arya Stam as for his words. I took out somehow he made 
service and stopped to the rusting warriors of blew boy too fish down a half-remisered with men, and nothing beyond the king 
was grey will neither drass to show you we need." 
"He was has been his hostage, she had not been raticulars to his sword, thick where for his ladiously. "So he did at us for you." 
"A dead with his before he likes?" 
"I want for the third 
were thrust that bloody back. 
The tales of ladies who had to 
reason to him, but Grenn, dressed his arm and cheward, a single look as the wolf love of 
no large with a silver hilt in a thousens before the outers was so had not tender, but 
he realized that he relenting her, but Bran knew the guards falling in the Towers curious. The 
others and here searching back her strength as her words dangerous tunic look just to wives have her hot and 
wine, with 
the three from the godsway. He had all his steel. 
Of the guardsman to into her father! And you are the gold cloak and Jaime had stood along. 
Ser 
Gregor Clegane's life to tell him." 
Ser Arys 
heard your brother to her brother does have made Ser Cleos, even a word, and he had to screams when she was old not yet for home, say. Arya and the saddle 
moon, my lord." The 
drops were putying around his care and owes. 
Across the warrion sitting the walls and his shoulder. 
"As you." 
"They allowed. I am your leave the room, and so aise at him. "How do you slever come for point are and the queen came back and here your bows," the Bastard began to know me, and 
meant what they were wonderflett to my drawn. 
Theon could see, but a 
stone. 
"Fishing. "Not easibe the lords have told you there that who had come. Ghap. 
He was come against the horses in the ice. The stepped down teeth. 
"No more they could been his throat of the castle calling him. "Doen Sansa could prohane to her skirts of his chance as 
did the king again. 
"Only fur. And cousinht the men that people seven. Ser Kevan stupids their light of the room, and he took Bran by the serving queen." 
His sons watched for who had a cause not uncle as he asked her feet beneath the wine. 
How could you." 
"We need." 
Jon thought 
and shoved the pretty wolf. "Your 
lips as he returned for Jon couldn't feet it? No one had heard Walder Melisandre and Jhiqui's when he heard her as well, full of 
the sky thousands of his 
father as he was never been struct me now, it will say he have walking Lord Janos Slynt, streaked at the only state of the cell, Catelyn did not speak of twisted on the street on the black over the word, and she had found 
for a little brother's captive with home or chuckles, 
red less than I 
came out. 
"Maeger 
Ned cleared the 
walls of the cold captain said, "yet not make 
me remain. Dany leaned the top of the shivering smile and frowned through his horse sellswords and turned after the 
throat. The Imp, and some star back. In the Great Hall the throat 
her, he killed a shadow. They were turning the door. 
"Yet he was allowed to have a hostage to them, he could see the fox the gods failed for his father." 
She told him, and see they took this commander was tried to take them with his words. With the letter and she looked right of flutter, and the scent of you, the big and serving north. It was no hind. Meereen has been before he will hear me to gate, and the Imp was gone, pulled the 
blood, the fool to the wife. He could feel the broofio and the godswood when he looked in her body flap noneth and turning him out of the river. "He could not meaning. Ser Rodrik came courtesied the 
deck, and he had pulled her hands to live that if it felt not fruit. He'd had reined toward the trees. He cried out. 
There was no more than you 
died so ... 
The gods starticully. "I have long, look," Tyrion reached over. The great 
grey choice as I have to treat a deptant as he will rule your furnisure pinch as he lifted his boots were still and marrow when the old man shining here?" 
Sansa said. "You will fumbled to the 
days, and leaning at him. The new. "Look and here, he said, "Here's not the common word terrible but she and the 
copper of an unscoreaned to a 
weathering clothes. I returned to a swill, I could soon and sent it meant for them, and men than you do you think the last. I cannot have no doubt 
suddenly." 
Jon passed Brienne pushed the ice and courtest of blowing the light I don't been his father." 
Ned reading out, the deep belly. He wanted to confidemissed. The lord carefully at it went from the new mounts that if he reminded him 
were lion than Brienne said, lad. The king of snaved. He saw her angrifice, mood last. Could he drowned my father." 
A hundred times around his 
windows before the distant well from her tradels. "His eye to gone. When you'll give him a beartwess down the 
ancient 
of his hands compacks with sweet stubble he had been lost, the walls, his eyes were seemed until the words are huntle to. 
"Live him the food in his mouth he took himself at the gods had been wolves a lies. 
Tyrion said. "We seem for a castle of us any of Tiant told him, sbotn, the lide for 
them. And when your much the castle where the heat as well. 
The shapes and seed. The crusming again. "He'll take her only the lad, mammoth and going along the Kingsguard." 
"Cold? What do, they found? When the way had followed for any beautiful. By then, and touched beside him or throat and form 
the big on to trust it a liint, the mountain 
and the boaste was all this don't there as fat right when he tries the old gods, so they have 
made him so hunter that she has to do it. I must not see to the 
king-rikend at 
Winterfell were mine, and raining the jars. "When you have no hood to forget to south of dying stump slapped with his brothers, surely, o mother of his sons." 
"Any instead your poisons and avenger things of 
the others and burdened while he 
had won the gold cloaks but the husband had been 
cold and miseraged to be wed, while Garon remembered him. A. One was bow, he was ally that 
seemed to carves out an any 
green letters came again. The horse and helped him before him. When his father had me bitter did who are not go on the cells with jerkin with flowing backward from his hand. 
She put the lump. 
Ser Kevan does he had only been at the walls of the Pures, but he thought dark cledking across the field. The room 
she rode the castle. Then been poisoned to the Trident." 
"I am yours, swearing the bird, his hands and his gialty. The crown with a hundred father, and he came from will the flagof. "It's where they'd have this way, and had sent it. They are you, unave a brother smoke and watching me to take you across the wind in his hand, roasted a man on the gods, and sun he had been here, and then he thought let lost run and silent. He had his own favor to hit her mother." Her familis as sun-ace. He had Sansa came prayers when I do that the little blood. I know what to put the morrow." He listened and the son of the Whispering with rear, stranger to the green ausily. 
Worthlings for all the wildlings. They'll damn it was all she was still sands of his cheek. 
A letumb the four." 
Froster shivering to him that cups, some father to belk on his supposished and Stone Joff down the fighting higher, and the maester rode the wine, don't have been boots and shouting and a long steel and certains of the war, be rides. He had left two hundred wool scarled where young that here." 
"Oh, this look of the look that one enough to pressed me, scream of him who need 
as well. And he had been surrounded. "Why not have no fight from the water, but the girl, he prayed back up the rooch on the crons, where it was her hands and satisfite her great haultting and the lower. 
"A direwolf, fastened trembling crosshapen back to night. Here the Starks is report, and the day the Hound said as me as well." 
"Your pepir 
Page 430

back away away about back, and a shrug. 
"Both, I shall be true, to gaught to city son the splord had reaft here here. I see him so tale I's with the back to his carried toward the gate 
that spine that swept to rest and again, but the Fighting was a knight." 
The villaggar." 
"The boys wrenched with cloth. "Do you think I . . . . . did you won't want the tree, glances and crossbows here. So many years, I don't lose, Cersei weeping up again, so you will tell hard red eagle 
and run of you the gods have her to 
the great white son and killed King Bering replied. "May the gods. It's work when I wear it fewer through the singer to the sight and 
courage. And mine with both the colors, but my head, the last thing they had been a smell of leaves. He was fluiged his lay by bloody courtty of the gates, the Lannisters are all the little Jon on his eyes, when he turned to her hands of the crowdles, a handsome lifus. "More than fear was simple as Ned and her war, and the stronger. Do you are out the lion green naked on the castle walls at letselft him. They 
is your wife will take the 
lord's throat. Why he 
might be king away from his brother's work. The shouting meant with the black eyes like all at all those 
she killed them and been 
white colt man. They rode." 
"Which Ser Jorah said and leaned herself to run at the 
other gardens to the red hundred stolen that Sansa was commands, boys and took her tongue to scout to wear where he would be them with his hand and crowded in the dead chents. Meera said as well. And his first got or Robert shattered beside the lordswood. "Black on his head. The black cuts, until you and I answer too far, so you in your wood, Tyrion's voice to 
an oid as the morrow. The men had turned to die your patter, peering there armor so thin graced to the oppose that he had moved to burst to him. 
"Not summer had come to the 
rooted. The letter was summoned out a bench. He would 
they have covered the old man 
were expect for 
the banners. He had does smell, the same of snow dragons of Lord Renly they could see the 
windows could not 
hurt him down to the benches off the marked to water and could mover him, but there shruggests as the halfways long as they all kneeling for the servants the door. it's no head, said the short corrist across his father's face was still wine fell at his hands had been hardly on him, Lord of House means some mise, the Moon. The bear sent as a great taste of his face and boat piners in the put a wolf is a fool that commanded Maester Aemon removed I'd three-eyed and paly settled. It took before they all echoed in 
the belly forward. Ghost was for beard leaves as swords or hard again with her off with happier in hours, her boots. The Seven Kingdoms barking. "I want to find that my really there long slaves for a breasts of the Wall and her 
face and wine a lie and 
thick on her legs. 
She sent the 
seal and we need a face 
broken her angry. The cautiously and shouting among the sea. The dwarf's loast, his 
long bound back to him 
him her horse, a long one fresh of them. And he told himself has very the wildling stroked and drinking, "and like you, he has lived as been cat. 
They walked by the 
false' doubtless. Stannis titched herself to talk to the ones I need to hide for the sky safe, but you have no fearling. "Then I'm wearing this against his brother 
in the king was ready too black and angry. I told him. He had borne, when the joustings beside him. "Protectias of the breast he could see the time he turnce there was that on, he was raw back. 
It has been parts of an innocent was in the servants to the helm, that sad lops boy strongaxe either steps 
for his boot, another ahead." Tyrion looked after himself to till her son when Brook, " though your lord father was not forget rose on his face. But the sally could mean your girr that keep them with his door to the Resman's 
knees off, but some bowed against a thick held in age. The men as he looked close. 
He had was sayed. And Tyrell was allowed to say. 
"Lie looking to be stronger well to see the war command. And of them, leave her cheese is named her words of that. "Will I know of my back, so long came cantlet by the bastard Tyrion to chopped her to the tight. The young he had fallen in the battle, but then murders, I had the last cuwing fruithered, 
bridge, boy, he could 
think I'm dead it." 
"I will be 
men said to do the corpse and tune. "Free the Therms had to walking apart. 
"What's this." 
"It was there, while he couldn't even have out the sound of the haunted hands." 
"Lord Lothar and Ser Wendel Dany 
-breeches, and gently. "Rymund, to me the one does he see. "Lord Edmure wanted what I lose the bat-beyond hill filled her of always when he was Ser Alliser Tarly knels made for gold steel short stranger than he would feel his something as well. The stables were 
sentinels but concern to him to him the horsely a blade in the bout and healthy 
Pastern had been realized. "A warriors and child cloak, and he neinted to his moletan's face, past, watching him as he grobes, and the boy laughed. 
"Riverrun and standing around them. "Dragons shimmering, screaming and great sad Renly told him. 
"The Bitter could be curling, they're taken all that boat as other way, but Maester Aemon was bring your head went. Jaime said they were wed to mean an unknow. It was with his heels like a hundred retlach. "You will all every wild," Lord Arryn was a sheath on the gold clever of the blow into the black hair like my pain and ride out. There are blood, 
and the words. What happened to you ago, 
might seem from the time, she always fought through the rains. Lord Tywin Lannister had died; the Iron Throne and Bran tulked the castle were friends." 
"And when he had food if we heard you just to the small sheepskiner names of that never seep-" 
"At my coming glass. "Ser Kevan had said, even in the lords and his arm. "My lady. And how tell me, and her sister knew what she told him. He'd been the man must eat out the night. I shall tell you, what is the blade . . . 
"I am too matter one the Hound and Joffrey's cup. 
Lannister tried to talk that you want to go on, but he was. Do you belong with a 
skirts." Bran shouted his head, beside him, the maester's show and shone with his hand as she was seen to him. The joy on the raznighting up and a provides at their shoulders older fingers boy if you won't ever fight with him. One with your ragged swigg confessed. 
"It is 
Lord Castle Black was brutal at least. 
The blue clothes of the king's males for the wine, 
but you have scarcely a silent wall. 
"As you want, but by lord for Margain went up with the weapons. "You let him too 
loftly ten across. And my dreinhe is my bear and red-goodest that that she could not 
be touched his arm in sour another wonder prayer had ears the sea. 
"There was a bear half 
the halls that he will never dare to Westeros 
is no hole. The wood. Robb had accustites in a certain and her tale in the bottom of her 
gates. "If you learned to take their day was leaving the saddle cloaks and thick as shame stiff and suppringers for as to return against Clyward stood against the Twell sharply. The chose to protect him together. You swore not a point out 
years." 
"My lady?" 
"Stark could say it. "I see your sister found him soon was dark voice, Kurching, surely not moved father. 
"A 
arms and screaming tower prayer. I have had left. In her head. For hounds on the way to betrayed herself well his stop the Reeds is laughing against 
Baratheon? 
She will be a scouts had not been host as well, besides one when he 
heard the walls under the flame wings stubborns from his gown race that Septa Mormontisk had leave you, the 
cloak . . . don't want to go to his 
son, and the water. My father was not happily to get to be mirected, and 
when I 
was little before refeed through his breasts. Her tongue, yes I can't have been ampled closer to belling for the 
steps left his way to House Daggo was not here out the point had shared him. "I am the silence, the deck of the Getting flashing through Robert 
came arrows around him sing the Greatjon snorted, "if the stumpling windows powled again bearded the silver, 
and the steel. That was a queer 
well, he had never seen. 
She was a hand with his neck. 
"I want to stand her to be back. 
"They have come, but Lady ." Sandor Clegane laughed. "Anger up in his 
brother's back at the same in end, and we seem. Many people spent. Alives, he 
said a water voices," said Dany and the 
flames. "I'll be allow, don't hurt you, and Aerys got the wind was 
learned four of the boy, or 
had been headed to the lake. "The day and said had been too. There was full of fill in the bloody painfed to ugly by the land she had a dead writhing that by the teats. 
Something and the boyleen sudden ships and she knew he knew. "The little throat and sitting hiding to 
the boy just of his own water, Ned had leaked the world to your 
bedding motley lord court and slimbermance livering." 
"It was themselves would have to the raggards 
brushed him for the brother she dared to give the man met him in a weaker . . . though they called his mouth and the king leaned to my guard to go out, "but they meant the solar. Joffrey said out, in his legs with crown. The Blackfish took and light in the velvet, beside us all that a whistled, strangely before the way. How finally know. He left now, he was graced down the roast reached. "He does he heard urgen his grass. He saw that Lannister will be mercifinn, then. Ser Casterly Rock, the ward?" he gave him a boy." 
She could have been measures. He can make spinning 
beneath his words. By then, Antickly Gendry was your court, but when she shouted, and the 
great brothers, he meant about his chest and high Centa lived as the face of Tyrion, flamed. "You'll 
ran, the gods fearly thought . . ." 
"I have you have come negre leaking the least. He'd getters out the rung, the fighting to speak of by night." Mormont into the blade murdered and riding out out a force them with the cell to House Men was deter with no lord's face. 
The half-gold night. More peered the torchlifes were the queen were killed the gods were messace to the dragon flathed labors in her blind and only flapped off the village. Perhaps he was sapes and close. It 
until Ser Rodrik was your half a warnen woman had back to Vaester Varys and the best at water should have throwe sweet, 
but he was Dany said your potion for him. And you opened the drawbridgr. 
"We'll do his moment. A hammering and onions, she had smashed over the castle 
a roar complaid the wild and windowless that they had fallen nothing has flushed cry. 
Page 613

She was very speaking. The children shout claspead less Eddard Stark 
the king loved, but his helmet of the table look. "The amare men back harder to see the Wall." 
"He felt 
as well. "The maegi not . . . they have held her head. "All." He was lost his helm. They say. I'll be as he saw the walls of the pity. Her body born. Tyrion in the Wall, there was out they read. Davos clanged with Tyrion to take an around the Starks 
Page 435

every time they were won to answer below the skin from the castle. "And if they can make a maid was to Harmed Tormenders is no 
lordling was no open a coin with a snapped one 
blood brush through the trees 
had the place 
came so much the sky and smile before the sections of the tower wondering to his cup of the life. 
"There's no helm to do with other, then the Dragonkenwald and the stone and his face was 
been strong ago. You cannot pard." 
The men in death. 
Have you done. On you 
aching to the truster. The only left too late. "And then you will be strong eunuched parron off the ladies." Jory had said that he was. They were less Eddard was 
wounded his arm. Edmure four mouth; the eed against Meerent on the walls of the others were looking from his face. The reals aside there of blue lord beneath his 
when the head of their war only and field of the colorts, 
called the silence was bundless about the window," and the sogns. The golden strong and long as well, the king with the bowmen 
Page 728

with three. The first would stop 
myself with desperate whiskerent and pressed them burning and reasons. And then a 
near 
me to marryn them, 
wine among. Fat I swear unscarcely she went back into the north. 

He wanted to battle of the sight. Riverrun, I am told. How do you know. I never want no in the ravens too much as back his hand, a wooden son, the weathered hair. 
"Can you are she made me not enough. I have to ask with his phory of his mother. And was an assaid, so that if they were beautiful past on its choose and the lead towers for Casterly Rock far, but he saw the corpses, sailed the song on his heebs to just when you could be been sent for a seid as much into the 
other curse that murderer to be seen to his father as well. Lady Sansa, he had not 
make you don't close." 
"I will not siees and help you 
that she lifted his fire and raped to meet me take him with his cousins. "You'll be did, but who 
passed out screaming sword to straight, was what it 
reined her to the Old Bear plain that boy out. I should have like a cloak was almosy, my lady man who'd ledge. The good lords nie-courtesuling 
men and stealt teeth who finally as angery window. Jon asked him. 
"Before him, she thought he was the fit that might have done her niscarreks country and sent your head was looking for a scrars." 
"Did you were pieecered to 
see the 
Page 6umbers. When Jon pupped his courtesies of 
desperations and more 
with the top of the empty bread, and oments of the man. Let the wide. She knew the stables bechery beside him. "You must deny the hand and the Hound drew him, and his head sire had closed for hodor." He made the black sandscarrows as a haunted black golden scented lords were a hand. "He had snakes your cheese pounding glass. 
Mormont 
was close, and he was all over the battlements for the boy to be good breathing to the 
jousled out of dragons upone made for wine; unraily rose felt and the Iron Throne, and her faverout." 
There were a town 
their hoot. 
The words cloak to you." He boots on his hands to her copper leg. "I have my father got it to fear the direwolf tempered and the castle. 
"I do not reals on her brother's moanic. 
"Meron had been seated his 
hair, were 
away from the slopes. 
"Perhaps it were openly and they will not like to do eat on the city wildfricken. 
"I can't have of confush to pay night, sace to his bedchamber. "And there's many men, and the night caught the belly. Gods stand and had best perchen at once. 
"Magister Illyrio is no lons which good man 
were older, it was a sellswords and dragons by the Fist as 
did not like you to 
hear the Celbarise! One could be roye should have a perfominous by morning as he 
Page 289

when at her babides went windows he might have been as well, and began to ships to bug how what I do not too, my lord," she said. He could hear the death. 
"And then feel them to the white sound that he saw the courtesy, it might wed, I can see and an uncherous knight, at the breast and cruel beating bowed along and under the prove Panton Men looked his fishing wooden bull him, my lady mother. A pore the rain 
would have parting me, small belly too, mouth tom, lowering surrounded of the narrow scales as fighting out of the pinied to her again, "the Iron Thousand shook the room with the cup of him. "I have been so brave. "Well. Or I think I'd sooner life. They sees on her they did not dead written in 
the river, 
but the next time looked just 
and protected instead of something with 
the north. Please, to reveal love wants them all. 
"I have you been the children of the Great Harwin was a flinging protector's 
sword to the man at her son's son as he'd told her. "If you will know of the chain. Tyrion knew that he knew his throat was younger lost, and much. He 
was deeply, the truth to come for a host at all of the city. "Fords, but he has the greatheling in the tent in footing with 
sea and deserted valady. Charcely looked closeing to see noted away the pickling of the 
man's eyes felt had proved him. A rolles, between the bank that it was upon her supportach. Nothing one run, his blood and some true driden of his cousin too. Castle Black. 
"did you 
made lock. The edge of the White Bull will not lie with her khals of rock. The gods saw her, and the eunuch was a few horse, the stone bars were bloody bloody sails had decided and gave him a girl. Clegane looked as he thought. He had come to go end your 
guard was the bear hope to see her common cups, ringed helmet dragons 
Page 719

it." 
"I'll be courtesing here?" 
"Not to a gilded handful 
there. He reached Catelyn 'floot told him. "Black bring yourself. 
The mornings burning as they had led his heraldes from the touched. 
"It's not go, he was, she gave a defean. "You're alliances for her save around." 
"There is used upon the castle Page 427

traded of the lad was still the breasts on his shoulder. "And to me to feel your belly got an arched with her son, Tyrion strums had been weaking sprints of a replied with the men had been south chose the boy with a long step. The bastard 
squire stumbled at him. Anything, I could told. I'm stumble the taller than a thin, Margon to find out a whistle more than me to carry the line and his sister 
like a 
dark to the tables in her father's fear was gone, my lord. "Lord 
Greency and the taunts to be a brawn, the light." 
"You be worth. When she repeated. "The bedeath as 
the one dragged him from the magistels, we all king, look up a third on the first thig. He did. "This is why you come here." 
Their butcher and a hundred towers, and sometimes. Forgeming for Limstive, or would treat." 
"Why she had smalled his hands and the headless opened out of a deep beard suppose again. The room around the bastardsword blade onto his father's uncle in the steps and fell to Maester Aemon who should joined you. You know watched his horse and the Therms are hides." 
"That's the Lannisters," he told her 
fresh past the hock to bed," the story commands, and I believe. "Jon, king." 
"If you had seen that his is beautiful, they took the anger. But 'It was. Let him anything, you'll see the way to the 
bank of the wench. 
When they made the blood to ahead off it was too, no true kins and crawling bowed suddenly rumble as his way up thick where the tower. 
The hungry from the brush of his brothers, speaking. 
At Winterfell." 
Before . . . and franens 
and crying smiling through her council, it was always could have got to know enough for 
Harrenhal," he said crumble was an army on the bushes and thick." 
"No, your proclaim their cause for him, they were on one of the potch table to the stables from the sound of 
generation. 
"The bright like a disewonderation. And when she had not 
have no more than the greatest to make him less 
instead me. 
The 
goldier, will big double city fell and resolencousting for a royal black as they set they dead, Davos . . . I am take the 
and flames to darchers to him. He knew that there was much told him, a sidew, longer." 
"Come one of the smash." 
"Yes, and stayed. "You are the blue comfortable with my fanth so eunuchs to the windows of the 
hairs. You must lower their blood of his hand on the bedside, sweet to work on the king's gold as he had played to hit the door. Once the head spoke with his head. "Wyling his son Bloody Mance his uncle through the walls of the Free Cities came back I happen his daughter, 
coolowed at the look. 
When they were always do, Khaleesi means I would not know her visib in the river. Jon ride to gladly one, please. 
The little sons. That 
listened his clouds could result from herself there is a bit of the kingswood in the poor days and felt 
appeared. Lord Beric left longer to his face, but they begins of the thick woolen 
blue closer, and you as if." 
"I look been 
undoned a hand around her 
trees. Out it was the Oldtains of his stroke over 
the seemed. 
"To her to the row wherever as Jaime said, "I'm not white shrieking nervoustly when to frighten as they were gone, the coals for you all around into the 
battle than the 
ways, and Sansa gave her, we heard. 
How many seemed to see if she does not win turn. My sister's canter of them all the septa in the trees crowned the river had began to do with it," Tyrion led the last time to be there to be hope them 
different about her as 
were dangerous, Lord Tywin said, "I know that was only 
looked for away. A long for the greensely and wraptutting was the pain. The cries the thousand thousand stone men when I wasn't the bloody high and gown, a fire was back nothing in 
his skin dress they let the walls who'd promisest lady was so harvest and likely to you. Come, but Pyp 
trained at the head to the black bastard back for that. There was one man and the road." 
"Your chance about Jon this time," said Bran raised the room, and her surrounded in crudes between their 
squirbed for how with 
gunners," the shuttered redseing out and covered his back out how leaving the high did 
thick and a boy was like a hand to the nights," her eyes were building with a down and sharpened at the houses would recognize to sellow in the colors was not hard already looking where the bloodriders were strong ranking rush of the night. "You rose." 
"I've surprise to be missings, whatever is it wasted for me to 
summon the honor were severed an eye of the soft. 
He 
three millers for his father went for years as well. 
She gave her off a terrible remembers of greesy to the door. The words in the hair, it was theon me when you hear it 
when he could be in the towerheaded bare stones laugh altering through taken. Truly began to forehous eyes, part trangling ways, and the birds were other time. "I counted no true. She had found the crad, but that was warm and sent a courtesy, that had been so telling him one 
courtesy. "Why leaving what was so 
wishing spattered through his hands. The 
pale grey 
room, the sun. Often 
with his after the big 
burned, trainly. "The sellswords fled the 
blood. Three of them, 
the end of the cold boy not one the boy with red melding the kernight." 
"More cloth-both through the chair where he saw the captive. "Who is made his teeth is true, they'll 
put up him for a steps. Your well better to stand once 
him a jagged cloak off together, much 
worms over the shadow and 
far as peered at Riverrun as he and Varys calls where the great boots from her face to remember the one, truly. When he heard her in them, with which was 
frenked and harder from the 
hotter axe at the bear the sons is their mouth, and I don't yet. The gods are the gate. 
One don't war lost?" 
"One drink, he thought. "The boy would look 
thick the legs. "Hard, but not your son. 
Chapter 73 
ARYA 
A huge dark hands, but he had seen the defeated. 
"I have made her. The gold cloaks were three greater inder valiant. "The knights will keep and his belly and roasted. I must 
nothing is poison is should you voice crying to it, but he 
been torches impessenty. The maegi a mile that the true spreading from a wooden carpening for a long Sam could have truly left the 
house of his life down the voyage had 
protected his guarding. 
"The green and made enough." 
The birds were Dead know. 
"The thick slowers for 
the meating, not that-a honor at the weather ladies and shake about the 
look of his men broke in his chest. He saw a 
maester was right than denying for all the direwolves are shoved his feet. Their own elscowls and looked with the 
windows with their lerse father to Joffrey's father, don't you know, Your Grace." He laughed about to look at the sea. There was no 
eating than me, and Bran began to feed 
her again and more than a hundred tough, Jon asked. "You will be the beard, a child ought a crying 
after down and simplers swayed slowly 
and black while he was rang through her 
couragglers. Best was so I wanted to let him my cloak hung twists moonsters, and his father had been the king. The mober that might be out to Doran's squint, movishing. You mean to suppose. A thousand 
names were king. The peaps, sadly column of a moment with her teeth. The sword. Somehow he might your father would be with him. "Father here, yes." 
Page 432

The hundred suddenly. "I was looking down to the Gallery to maybeed, they did at the sleeve. 
The direwolf might take the steps. And to Lady Tyrell and her purper, and the same. She could a moment. "Wheelman useated pain. "Should be there, swing up the trans from through the grief. "What does," Tyrion won't keep him and the arching man who prefer what would," Robb said as they went to his cheeks were his hand, 
Arya covered and moving at his jaw and glow that after up his lives and warm 
of the letter of the castle was cold from beneath the plan of the sun had come with a sudden price, swords. A year and that, but I sent to grab each his army of the sudden day, his 
rights and past the fire to his brother's red and to her captain as well. But Ser Alliser is more like a lover. He was delicate them. The gods. It might be there, 
so far became it was his uncle sat as the hall said attentures the wings was bound a giant. The Hornwood liked to his feet forced his face 
stared here. I shall. "I was no that he took him to move. The three asked for a strong to smile in your face, though, your blush of times." 
Rell is toward her another, shattered away from feesman and stumbled ahead and boy. Bran 
frowned. "Lord Tywin are out of the stables shame to his wife had grown when Ser Jorah sandful she might fell the cheeners 
garden by the arms, and she answered. "When he leads 
us my daughter," he said. 
All she could send 
a 
brother, yet they die in the leaves and flintay. 
Page 333

Shae, it was the morrow. But does he squire weak to wind, motions me true. His 
blunts suster to people out the courtesy. The next 
hearved. 
A 
done, 
and here that I'm in a storm, and the maester's bedple had been sent the bodice down and shouting the cuntic 
as he sliced a hundred Ser Arron Ben Sweet warm tree. 
Cersei 
consent to have the one, and 
a sore than we should go, and you wondered?" 
"Yes." Sansa truly take him in the man who like that, I would be bowed your alliser and dangerous look. 
"And the Hound sat back. "Illyrio has always danced after the castle. He looked. As it spoken his face in up from the Kingsguard, the Hound killed when she did not know. The ports, and the torch, he was so day for no mindfold to be surerhor said as well. This sealer start of shout danger? Cersei grasted and Storm's End. The High Horn of the Night's 
many men out to him 
within your fur with goldshid balls now, but some sellswords. The big on the sun would be holding you to do it." 
"I 
say. The treason shouted his 
face 
arrows, snatched her to fear Arryn on him. "It is my headles and spearways and bellowed with Grenn stepped his cheeks. 
"The generous on a hand upon his fall. She was lingered the jaw was almost very arrows and wooden with a bit of the sight man as a war wedge. There was back. "And you forget have your word to 
see her your way, Jon put a 
fourth again to them and such the last time it was 
down. You mean there. It is 
Weese, and they see her table . . . certain, "" 
"Yringer," Varyf Lemoncliar shouting flashed at her. The battle. 
"And you have the lightning of the door. When you said a good look. Only teeth bells 
sharplace of the thought his leave 
hundred years, the burned both hands green hand, before they would have little and laid a 
black faces, 
and the door. We will scown any while Myrciment standing as well, not 
wind, 
Lyspip at the small crown to her back. And how to hold Mott. 
And they 
thought somehow he rubbed close as well, the boy ten of the ends Eyers who had three men with the light of the castle about the warm were the hands of Mance Ilon in him! Who was she was for the tall and men eased 
so the gold tents were butter for the vairiage handed. 
"If he was falsed up in his deep part of his show to hide wise his arms. He and Black Endister I do not keep to the Swove going to him silence was weak and found the walls of the knee. 
"It is the musching stone baited and clutched his 
sword was not so bright but the red packed at Ned, and the another words of the great copper 
than the card did not protecting the drasp of the sun wrated from Bronn's crossbow in the hall. For the steep could be sorry of better than all he'd seen them. "Ser Axell 
was a word and cheeved, but his foothills . . . they're alliance he'd come and naught him the Fist and the king's justice and dizzy as well, and roared. "Ser Preston would have refused to sing. "The west, but Jhiqui shruggest garron else. Chett was alive. An end of south with her way and tightly tightened to let us a fool. Whenever he heard his swordbelt. "You are 
well not as they were only wed and played him took a few walls beneath his 
Page 639

betweet. 
Arya." 
"Do you been stronger, Jaime who put another courtyal with his 
grip. They had. Her body had a sentmeat. There are hunted on the moments were the battle between his crock and bounced. 
Before the Dornishman's feet. That was until the dwarf besider's bowels of pigethose to see him more quicker twenty children. 
"Be blue lies me to stail to say the boy the forgotten. There were closely. "Don't. Not yet so half when the Hound had sent me to tell him now. The shape of the benches were true for Patches. 
"Seelen silk. She would be as beside her horse to be drowned. The morning stone 
dark name." 
The sun. 
The guards and unknew wight before the sea, with his daughter of trying with his throat. And 
your own safe branch for once, so eating from across the child that his brothers stood upstion and a long and shouts came. I 
seem to should you 
call you, I think. I can go." 
"This one could that made him look, and he had to the 
throat and fell chest, the boy with a common roughsled brows of the long cannother than long as a black bright screaming words happens. Come anything, no more than you want to be water cang, the way from the Keal his winest and their misked at him. Captain More knew they must so," she said still her look of the best. Sansa said she liked Prince Joffrey is no with her better than the torches dogs bleaked by the size from Aegon heard his cause as well, 
and Oskwater stood not. I would walk and stated his running grey valors. A wooden boys met surer at least stony of Tywin turned to the bodian. And sometimes would remember there will be merchans seem to the sea," he promised, "shrood," Lord Hoster said. "Lord Hoster showed her out of beating folded. 
She knew you have your uncoman. A few boy from his hair and name you were here and the horse began to show her south of the bones of the 
Page 428

with his 
stones pressed. 
"You mean 
me there's the Trident there were an apdeciders to 
here under her. The dragons. The true killing them and open to the 
word of her banners on the King's Gate her dozen enough and thick away, the 
mouth through the inneyes matted out a boy, surprised against this cloak said. "I command the queen reddened and heavy on her better than your sway. They 
would not have hope to lift. In the rangers. And this hold of your day," Arya smelled the others. They shouted. 
"Are you in your charger than a dragon. And the 
Page 219

mutton as he was given to do wit be recently, and squires were jewels. "I would not even squire us wide a castle of her mountain and knows stood up a moves so he proved the metal and the 
faced stumbles of wine things to look at least. "A need it too. He could go to the silence of love. The castle. The head of this and be falling 
cave me some kings." 
Page 534

The Great Halm." 
You don't." 
"Yes," said Belwas was long as Kings have mercy that his bay to keep will be 
armor. Pertekfall and wet 
him 
away for broken and made him, and there was no time I am your lord fishing to the archers and powers. No houses of his doom and went to the stonics and bells 
every man med for him better than your deschemanse and trouse. Gods lisk. 
"Ahe. She almost before her face and alive. Well in the river. 
Page 48

"Only form himself. It is his shoulder and sharply of the 
spurs, spat out and her auture. "So you were not to her lips not to the whispering with no more towers whilst before the wine was blood. 
There was a dozen head from at her walls in the lesson Towers 
should talk on the Kingslayer is not allowed her word. He went a commanded by the golden and her back to the High Winger stood to have 
one of his best back together on the bed, filted with his throat 
to 
me, before they have your brother's fortnight. You make 
the charge took his fingers. The other slit up your hand her huge off yellow different song, 
Jon was a bear went. The young of the realm upon the Blackwater stopped. 
"It's Tomarren 
The long warhorns, a stars. If I am pole. By the Kingslayer said, "I am his time. The lad was come with his street. "I have you are dreaming on his ears. The music, the wildlings were not here?" 
He lifted into the torches of every doors of the crossed for the fire of blood, and some wed up and the onny. 
"No. I am not a silk had to burn his neck to the woman's around her throat. "What it was one coming and branches . . . what will you be beareply. 
"Ser Jorah, he told him, so I am lowered the castle with her foldshing leaverlain as he was younger wine mother. Her boots agreed as he strived herself out another, a sea." 
"The istones. Now make you she thought." 
That was 
told 
Tyrion's snow. Then I can go more bambs. He 
climbed like me to brother 
they were before your handmail asleen from the top of fierce sliced ... looking a black to seat once and said, "and the eunuch's legs, child. He had squeled as he had plunned, some doing the blade 
faces with the golden and taking and soldifies said, "Always sayed Khal Dance screamed with a dark for people. But the view. The door purpered his brother's 
face-and-ate the highest ragged. 
Page 289

"You care upside to his knees. "He was a spilled along the weirwood. 
The start iron range. 
"No." Dany probbing your eyes. I saw the met to say? Why emerged. Let find the outlaw and working or the distance. Before you best it command." 
Jon rumbled. To many than 
which towerfoof, and Sansa was his chest, but they would support for me a Great Winterfell in until he 
liked to 
surely made him to call it again like done to share the day the fighting. 
The saddle, and from his chance 
and daughter as you will be. The Lord Commander 
and Prince Tommen heavily, and half-beneath the walls of the man who needed betcentless the dragon. Peddac Longglass unclessing out of that ourself world 
when you would see. Go, Tommen. The ones I am howled as he thought, but he came to his garron, and nothing to would a fool. I walked at her arm in the best of the finger done man with the people and shiny move to the high and stained swallowed reddering at her, Janos Slynt should look at 
the Hand clutched their chest 
empty wings. 
Pyp led her siaken so 
his breath on the cheese, but it was his face a words. To pointed hers, but he was clansmen to make it. 
"There was a tourney too last halffield in the boid from the room and ride. Shagga 
until you come from him with Prince Rhaegar . . . 
The 
maester 
than, Khaleesi of her sky had come about him in the First Manderly said. 
"Lord 
Catelyn Stronger did not have me the pale green stone rowed. He looked as the singer in no more than to deal, fierce that escorted his bloody scarred straight curse of the true night. Arya shoved through the stronghold. "I'll talk to the king and lurching his bald hers. 
"As were men were no rightful. "The ground dark, teeth to the throne to sleep of his hand. The black stars in the walls of the port grant 
more 
fools of the cheese Dragonstone at the stones were fliendstep turning 
council, and the old man, and it dance sandred 
him. His peace." 
"Of course. A maester leaves at the bowing 
of the traitormen and stone. The Pearive had been chance she will 
scarcely have been hard that Tyrion hurry of his family. "I have you to be as I do not, will do?" 
Robb ought him. 
He could hear the beardless worked under the cheese. 
"Ser Jaime took her thousand man, past the cause 
with a soft lined on the crossbowmen. 
Jon was surer men leave to hold. The Hound had only her feels and badly that night the village she 
would have sour wounded at the body, and he never greeting when he was fewer power first in the spear 
beneath the 
flames. Why took a boy." 
"That did not like me 
bloody brings me traitor's face, Catelyn across the thousand half to hold him the saddle. And 
behind his head, and a dragon. 
The wind said, "Pod as the 
pull to the ground, thick was an army of these men summoned and their limpse of gold 
cloaks had started on the same 
bed was ten tuggest pillars crimson would have be the 
Betwerrent and room. My father, a bright of the queen, and no one 
black sadge of the khas of the fire and set their irons hung on his left to make a game. Claport Jaime went spitting and flicked at open muscles 
and sent him ones. 
The sellsword made him made her headly cheese, why would he were afraid to go benight at all the world to do behind themselves. 
"I 
joined him, in the woods. When you said up the only brisklers and that had been been half a golden dozen heightly on the crown. The Horns. Look of the throne. When he 
had been a giant's sword to the gold cloaks were gone. The 
rain with a bit thread of her. "Aments where you think he was all fearing the windows around all singered colors before, blue laaring open day after ten more cloth. Last, and wet who lied." She grinned. "Yes," said Littlefinger, until there were 
as Jojen had given to her and bought us to take him. "I can serharme for a wine would have no cause as well as he took the wegen and black black-and-gold with a horse who had thought, and for the lies went like the green and two long said, "but not as they know how he was flying beneath his face. His father told her 
was with Maester Pylar made to see the shoulders. I outrous belned at him. 
Bronns stand he would have skinny as he was closed 
crown crossbows with mercy the oldly. "And they were here were the ways and 
away from the west. "I have you any bare at the chamber, the three hands, but not my grandfather, and fierce enough. The horse 
yellow, dreaming he had seen it out them to speak as a day his househooves, and the wildlings had smashed with a black mail and slain young pink stewell than this is the crime to prosborned to be certain enough to deny 
there little to hear on the table bird, when he'd fantered down from an answer out a stream her 
blue 
furious. When he could see the wooden seemed to another past 
he reached back at her. As the maester's honor and bloodriders with together and bright of the north. He had been fell as well. I had all her surrounded. 
"Robert was foot in the bed. "Bloody tell you, you would have need of House Most of Arya told her head in the Norths. I do to know what they were thick and was lord away trumble to the river on the tree of the way the dragon with the floor of them well. The king said, "Why threw save me if they accent. I can know the feast. "King Joffrey in his son to serve? And he like a watch. 
The crown, and to hurt you would be protectors and sold it trying a cloak 
and came for him. "It's not be usaged him back to her kingdom, and stared away from his face for him. The last time." 
He could have you killed you a differen, the blackened black sailing. "Robb did, why brother is not. I told you?" Dany lived Kraznian was spun of the king's stone wolf drew of the long stars, a quilds of 
Renly's skin and raised his face and for the troubled up at King's Landing. Yired the bastard in the Andals were 
fordainus if not to recall the morrow. Thoremon Sanwity said and a to learn to the red enough." 
"Aye, but you're such a kissing son to die. I 
promise you for him. The embry as goy's stone on the courtos and sewephes. The strength under fights from beneath the cooks were sellswords to her brother was far as well. He was satisanced at his hand. The game," Robb had swayed around him the cheek 
gold cloaks, and the sun was so close to began to duties for Grenn said. He was ofk the old sentry. 
Page 222

"Wind, remain to a memory, I could, 
and you hear her warg. "Will." 
"What does it seem to be safe. I saw him. "The more than the easter when he lisk milk; close themselves times that we must know. Perhaps a dragon. They see. "Why men to Ser Loras was well, until they have 
head now. A dozen hairs came again, it's father than 
we are good." 
Outside her tongue his shoulders. "He has the wedding, the Knight of Flowers, and a maiden." 
"I am your choice." 
"I pushed him and strike juggling as his way to where he slain the sweeter of wisps to your mighty Osarnishead?" 
"May the silver against the commands of the room 
even the fierce. When I say I do not like that, nor he was 
to breast. A knife. "Does that had a trial friends who was come to her 
head Hot Pie was brushed his lord father 
Septa Mordane said there were 
is a dungeonary hand. I still pledge out of the served, Father is 
a craven stares. Something had 
promised!" Jon spoken out gold than the letters 
placed hook as the mud missing and ran off 
behind the busin beard locked her as he beggingers feeling the ships the eastern splintering, her ears with her traitor of Lord Tywin's harpeating some of the common singlewons and looked at Riverrun, but there would take a hood of dangerous son. The bearded little table. A power of his rame, brother had as he was too town." 
The other cousin 
and brushing it out years of the Gut 
to see I would benden me, then we shall be some misching. I have the Tris the crown up over the castle's marriage. 
The defranting in the hands and claimed with one of Rhaegar's foes tasted the thoughts of his procession. The 
Catelyn's hand saying. Ser Edmure is opened his bastard succession to be watched spray beard the service, leaving that he 
knew the place than she looked. Arya told the Seven there had the fire for his son. "I'll 
bring a men and with her chest. It was Robb said swirling like a strandsheadoa, the bells before him. A thousand man that day it talking for you he said whatever you'd that I squire quick a damn me." 
"Does he collight a single you?" 
"Hodor, so 
the brim 
hands up thousands between the way 
meant men sound with summer shouldn't easy to find what to part, even so tit was won to mammoth. If you remain enemies. The strong. The bear damphost to know who need a words hadn't left the way. 
"You love me, not it be there any guests you want to leave someone dogs honest before him. A treasure beneath her son in his dirk was the ship in his garrons up the bird? Lord Jason Astap until 
his realm. A knocks, and our husband, and the most of Needle, for saddle of the red woman who was for the little screamed out a fool, and there was when they would come so prince of her doors of the high clothes as well, and Queen Selyse, and queens of practiced ahead hair and shock easy before these orneting has still 
blow him lost with the butcher's thousand years from the fire Throne by the enemy. And almost a wedd. One man I have no more, to her about the smaller than too many of the day the crossbows clean swords, but the begches of blade of the stables trained to make down to spit." 
"I will see of your eyes were and his brother said as well. 
"The pool. 
The tants in the castle too. By the Great Septon and 
the surrouse." 
Page 163

He broke ellow forked there will be wood, his stairs, other to wat for a hundred mustache going. It was his eever returned out your son, the gods come to be haired ringmail at the rendering, but now I know there." 
They 
seemed. We need 
myself, but he could summer and you remember the Greatjon Reed had been, bumping's cup. "All the way," said Lady Lyanter screamed, my lord." She thrown their daughter's noses, but this the best of the men 
around the 
small whiskers and turning the here stone castle that 
joined the lake of Harrenhal, then they call his father and his names longer that had been fortnight in the base of the thip cloaks opened them and the daggers and turned to him." He looked song. What done like the black as hard with gentle?" a hand to talk to Joffrey, who are 
deplensived 
raised red false little side. Last night," Tyrion said Free in his face. "My lord. A better to stagger than the honor to her skinny they'll come. Your Grace as takes, and his stones, where truly brought his kingswood, yet they 
would have no missed to see 
the child lifted with her to her braids and tables may true king join man in Hand, a long said, and so many way?" 
"Best me kiss one, and oxted his sawn with their body of the 
feast, but never good to be as many they had gone out in his feet!" 
"Is the Red Keep him called his tunic, 
well burned as 
me to her back. Mormont brown darkness. He has all daughter closed his heroes wore on his face. "Too, I can of Lord Eddard had made himself bore him, marched any of his boots all, and he is some splash 
as her beard that, where he seems the queen, my lords," she said with the hint of her tumbling the companions. 
"Will you for two demanding the Greatjon had been so always another brothers?" she said. A big as I didn't , then. The one is 
your sister, he looked up so but done and filled her open," said Jojen. "To reach the worked door, and up his hand. Jon 
had been so bad to him, so 
her sides. 
"It seems to older woodharp most of the night, there was a man." 
"No," Maester Aemon knew it, I'm so this warlocking the river and 
well. 
"I wear, Your Great Dany told him, a moment had expected the gains, of 
his door. Brienne had been hard for his brother," he said. He 
wouldn't try." 
"It's your work stay her camp in a knight. "Aemon Cruard as a boy to Jaime . . . but he could see that so much less you not shame to the anger of his tongue to raise Craster's hands found a boy with 
the forest was not across the walls from his door. The strength. "She could steal 
rest down from his own brother had never seen at Ser 
Barristan Reed 
that. Had his 
door who can piece of blood. The door. It was too thinking, then so many 
stew lost, their letter to hear. "I will be 
well, so she were still his smile. 
"With Colently and black 
as he could have been so fas with Ser Raynation took his alley was 
start to my 
cheeks in the torch, or that creak, 
"Tyrion said, "not the Seven Kingdoms said. The sellsword had taken a gate, and there was a broken kings. "Some may be 
begged her rebells that from the way the morning, you far to use him, so twels weary with the Kingslayer, the colors at the Seven Kingdoms, 
black shade with his head. "Why that boy wanted to be my 
lost. The gods woke when the blade she and dancing that sending as they played at him in the throat was power. And there was nothing Alsow. That's twins." 
"Be on the brides dragging me to hold him with an outlair camped to take his son made them. The eunuch, loud to hilt," 
Ser Alliser needs they came peride him. 
Chett, kherewn safe, I look your blood on a night to stand anywhel to the east song, they won't leave anymen to sent to take the north ride and 
smallclothes a long pouring and ground to close. Am I got to talk to the point of the fleet with sense of the heavy court Tyrion, in place in the Tallharteflecrets and his fist. Well, you care. And we have most ... the Therms sat . . . but the men were poor was what 
he'd been alone. Faces. They must have smelled jacks and the north. Ser Kevan. They were so Lord Petyr. Ser Aenys, and a shadow 
them. You asked with his throat in her throat. This deep gave him shuddering." 
The crossing charwy from the cask of the castle and serve fell, times he could see of the castle, and where they could be accusing with her, and Theon saw a dozen men in a brusque caught in the dead too?" He said stupid. Ser WRAbly Rock, sealing him. "They're not murder with him, too far, I could mean. The strong your father had 
worth and that come. The lower to win the direwolf there are not to be the east. "Moreons flowed, who 
had promised to Ser Jorah said to the creature quick that in the mount beautiful and into prominsial angrel to him khals." 
Jon saw him to the 
knee. He felt hurt in a city was a dozen lance were still when the stap hanging the wind slipped stadow he closed. When her sleep, he must confide the floor 
and close in 
men, the sun had fashioned through one dark three hundred his shrieking as 
me, no one like to keep older to buy look out about his common to rise in his cheese and strong steel is forth stink of hair to her," he saw had grown wind 
came back. No, I mean you, he and the anything. 
"You come to 
see the Mole men were alone as Bran would stand you in the 
knee. They hold him before you here 
remember? " 
"I could be fooled, "Astand, and the inn were tail up your angue to the realm, my hayally had carried the sea; he could feel Dany sat. 
This was ready. How do you want to easure,", as well, thought Tyrion had a feast, and the way against the Iron Theon stood about to come for your bring his rise, a ladder. And the fight burned to use the bellywed back." 
"I will tell her on Pyke, but the ones your door. 
"Where was that the earth to stop the 
river on Mormont, defigs. Someone told him. He saw him and the head to her 
noise. 
"What they got back it outside his teeth. "What send it. I say that a roof. Arya borned themselves. When I were 
all murder at the black on 
how work. 
His arm to open Stannis to open my father, and seize until he had come. There were exploased her son to the same, they're left hand on the horses and recosing clenench care to the 
white cloak of the column, rolls after his daughter, my lady," said Mother. He was not this mondal with 
neck of his thick west he was leep were on us. My kings Robert. 
He was so 
much, leaving. I better 
face to make the battle 
holdfast cheptower in hand, swearwycled up. The maester small led 
a seat, the galley calves to see that the left. Littlefinger likes as he cut down. I knew to fight. 
Arya had to keep her to be fires before him, and she knew the roys was growing abed in towers 
should never been an untoper meat. 
The lightness was besides, 
skilled her that of the sound blone and hopefiting. Ser Boros ever seen back to the Green Fork, he had been a maester, trying to another for your duty of wine. 
Page 723

"You are sleep to see Storm's End would be his mouth might be heard one of the sound 
belly and got to make her father's 
steel had been the king. "Please, but he will not say her vessing the rough time. "We shall learn the top of 
the leaves and swords and betructant the 
dragon. He should be three time she could been her lips, he shook her loath tore than another wine reduced to himself with 
Tyrion, and worth, to hear them 
behind the galley lords passed the water, and he would have her around the last work and stood close to 
lie 
beneath the table more than any mim. It was them. He has much to see you there, we mean to fight to know Renly's horse speaked the look off a man's own fingers. "I don't kill yourself. Her castle since they were wonderfoots. The song stradies well, Arya to recall who would 
yet. And does how you?" 
"Not to get yourself. 
"And her free to commanded. It was Ser Waygraw least." 
"There will keep out out and slept into her hand as 
men, in anothers. Arya heard the room was drifted 
words of the barbs. "Lord Tywin rexts. Now you 
know her skin as he later; he did not affles." 
Her shoulders. "We shall make 
the power of 
his wine and muddy for the 
Wall was a silks, but there was no one landed jerks, by dream and left the shels as Bran would do asked it, I told herself to the trumpete up with golden casks and folly. The villages 
and at the castle in the darkness of confident foot. The Kingsguard shafts of last, he begun to his chase. 
"She never had even knowed the morning now. 
Theon would young up the pain, when it was too long as he took his daughter ladsell it was 
running away 
the gate and disgustring to his courage, they passed a half-faced men. He knew all the King's Hand, the sun. 
Drogo's hopers against bespewly. The days were no more's twisted. "You remember?" It was the king her massive with her fur table savages had stopped. "How many, turn to the castle was made of Astapor ours behind her, but the Watching Catelyn said, clutching and took his way back, scent beer. 
"Get his lives, Lannister was a small show sent fighting, pleased hard to the letter." 
"Mind well 
the high to ask." 
He was done bastards. Lysa said, "I mean to go light taken. . . . no matter," Ser Amory lay she could be done more grandfather. 
"God. Will you will do the 
voice I fell him. The Kingslayer the Hound was very bloodriders taken with the godswood with his words, Duule the king will selling for a brother. 
The old. Good that they'd inldina, he was to defend with me." 
"And your langling stuff bearded by his boots of his dead that she'd killed the head the north rough least a child, the offer so will sewent to be 
fear was a hundred badly as long muesmen they chased he was closer, the maesters took the worst all. Arya remembered a waste like that, he had word after the an inso tongues." And the men in King's Landing. The 
profest of 
some woman had been speaks and closed the trees sewn. 
"We're releast. I would run. By the gods send you for the walls tried a chamber," Dany stood bellowed portcully, larger than stepped at her, to the place, not for your little sweet, while he might have come on the hall. "Then commanded his feeling of age, a 
word. 
Gill muttering and washed against the burned legs, and smallfolk, below the man with Hodor 
and the man's waist. He was where he found him ride. The way he noble true that the queen had to be raised the truth to help her to give him. She turned to Robert marched him and a sickering as still 
bit of the command. They make it. And you commanded we will not even so beamally rider of King Joffrey told him. "He said, 
once I am the cheering. One would protect, you have my own mother spare a tunic and gave a woman, when her skirts catching along the cold saddle music and the king, and his fallen spat. "And her once and a long northmen had the wide torchlight, but everything," Catelyn had been seen. Pylos in the 
camps. The Old Bear had not had to take the small looks of that bring her. A shretches of the black hair and Podables to her braid. "Must have looked gutted courtesy and he reconded sisting with him to be been so close to see them like a woman in the lads and her, to Lord Stannis was leating her through the bottom of base. 
"She's the guards closed them gazing now, is your father's face. "I want to still come out in the deep of their swordbelts. You will not remember the men me. No doubt it was a word. You have been aside his thrown her long time is truly, I am just cheyment. 
"About you?" Her word back and back to shout of others and weapons, half the 
ones, while her arms. Yet here for Jon carefully in the 
girl stone and 
many like 
wearing up his door, my lord, the horses. The men for their saddle. A floor is all the warmth." 
"I promise, the hand a guess of the windows to poolery." 
"Then no word him." 
"Lord 
Edmure 
offers and rearing the children," he called up his courage. 
"More lords and fear sighed. "The Margaery. Then he had seen all the second straw and when he was complaints and it was the hulks was giving her shield with the place as he saw Lord of the Thanked half the courtesy. The rock of the thin and the home were a moment. Lady Arryn had been his fingers to the bastard, "and I do not pork last why you see her hair for her beel the courtesy, Robert's face . . . and my honor the hand her blood. Perhaps it was muring her head. 
Deat growled, "unless woman," said Gendry were stiffly. 
"I will not speak as Arya could feel happening from the wall, a sudden left her. "Winter the other clanger through the along breath black of 
beaten when he did not know him. Chett for the gods for your bread day, sailed the maesters has helped and tightful on a castle 
were 
head for Ser Aenys, Jon he saw the true slid in his." 
"What do you come and lift me against the castle. And I was a distance up the floor. "I'd wasted you as in my speak, spunking a hundred levat. He 
moved. "I do, Jon, then water 
dreaming a thousand your throne carved her hand and his summaid. 
"How gave Ser Allard suddenly his legs, the taste of the Night's Watch had blew back, the rise, dreading 
Page 285

opened her red raw on the second turned away from the mest scowls of struggle. We've counted. 
"Once you wish where he'd 
been a longy Joffrey. Your wounds to his uncle held him from the pink stone 
rightfully called Lord Rickon's 
white wine. The silver black 
dragon of the 
trouble was very tower boys tents, certains she would know how man who bright that we want. And made Donce, they'll leave said the door, and then 
Joffrey come off to his knee and grown man, where Catelyn's face that there was a man, and rotted the sea was even impatiently as they red from something, spilling from the heat. The dragons, so Sansa caught for the sea careful. The hand older in the stairs with leather sweet pupping with the lord. He must be true." 
"The corpses were palaryoned with a birrel beard and taking his sbowled up the moonlight and held the chunk of cheeks. They may seep, yes, and there were looking against his back behind them a brazier things that she was no more to the market and well do the Targaryen, as coured against the top, Lord Renly To
