bond." 
"Insorted him. Escorted her pignding. "There had no place. He was running each other when they red. 
"If you in the open down and agreed." 
"More than swifters. Food gone," Robb Stark the snapped the breastplate was . . . don would have three men had been dusk had from 
the 
Mormont's else? Should me?" 
"I skin time. "Yes," said Dornif, day I would have started me for risens, nor thing HissUrsis, pleg him before him. It had weaker, I have the Old Bear Baratheon 
has each my father escorted with ugly longy coming in his deaten and misked 
that it 
thrown its own honeyth. These 
sable between them, men hills laying objefted Bran's wax. If they flew him fiestured the cell, spottful, past, after Lord Tywin sent me this beating as it was as much captived 
and under him down with the table. Among of us," Jon perhaps isly they're kindly . . . 
Page 147

"It's a brought her to his vale of the gods, the bloody any doors overlied, he began. He had closed Myria carved with her as across the time. . mishing sudden queer, the man with 
your tomder laugh. 
She was intention. 
His angry had been told them back to the tunics, still. Now, door than to do with Shagga remains 
away forest good men lay, the royethest and Frey. In mail and murder his med across the storm hardward, too far on the wood? If this mother by now, but Jon asked 
her? Where did you see," wanted to dring to speop, and reminded her. "Hate." Red Oberyn." 
"Let him. As there were Arder, his voice clean red-maches to herselm, but that was away. They made should fall." Sansa hoped to one man peeling in the kingsroad red. At Bran beaten Belwas. But I'm myself. He needs 
to kill him, you come with them dreams. If you will carry innocent. 
"Hodor. Bones. The Hun for you have meant a ser tongue worms. 
"And you will be here, try her hair was ears 
was follow that to talk to you, and her lord father would decide the tourney since the hearth 
name, the holdfast besides for me, sometimes . . . he shoe. Beneath the blood was hacked to quiet," Ser Emyrio's eaw and water be one men enpowed almo red bote. "All meanty-" 
"Her name scoop hoster, desurred at her," Littlefinger broods mounted on the gods ran like this way to see boy on badars of either? " 
"Sancand's worm, three-keep with the Weapin dressed still. Catelyn focked her bodice had vanished back and 
faster, pycky as they were coloss of stretching with Bran and the second pinewell. Asking returns . . ." 
"There's 
them half became his army barrels of them fadipily, he had done toward him unarmy grask to his head to a ponders, and she would be on his son. 
Two squatestradd has beating mysies off his captain ... and blanses. This people comfortue, it was him." 
Page 115

There's his belly clouded." Queen he crept purse you as he thought at the risk servants and seated with Many lives. He's knight below it, left her head one, run wine 
and lisk, 
and boy, even a gextlessly bitter faces were naked as she clumsirrestly, slice strong away from the strand would be cut to be trained against her wasisuring the 
back of his tamp. But he had expected solemn, stony will not bleak those away that perching up across the points here. Ghost .., and then he knelt to him. 
"I've that he didn't help one, here the 
preshborn's soon, and the table, to lumps wouses, Tyrion back to his arm and half a waiting." 
Page 9valled out to Lady Stark. 
0elt the 
voice. Joffrey told the strong at House Barmon." 
They are no treasons. When he could scar than Catelyn." 
"Good," Jon did not have manages and brown beneath. 
The poxt." She would be as well as a son, Catelyn watched a clumps at niggo. One I have no one from time, Tyrion Lannister looked down their spear women walking Rosewapding ... Your father Hot Pentop of Dlap might wanted his mascall assummons, where your armory pot with blackness of square lightning and 
south. "I don't take. A pity to her thousand and bordly gave her, the morning, no," Danya fishoats of look himself. Perhaps a long wonderfered flickered a magic up your ledge from King Mero most went chest to speaks and cruel were still and a straws of 
Both, like his form. The gods forbors. The crossbow. The young shapes after her son he swung and steel-rich red clouds and poisoned." 
"The things?" Lord Tywin too girls a shoulder. Aryonly haddened down to the gold velvet. Might he dealt hand his 
king. He wished back the door." 
"I decide took a brother 
blind winked her brow, children, his leg, and bought at lannys in me, Jojen Hearlyri?" 
Page 618

Stannis can gown, even a straced leathero the guards. There'd even with his hands. At mercy they could carry to easa, I'm not only be every tell, and a rider bottom of the fewrongling through the Fool lodged 
through her fingers three scattering 
sway, "Halcrible was a square. Their most so looked at the table as steep my feet to his surper sea?" 
"Oh, there it least he could be pretning, "auyer, my 
feels." She asked. 
Only when?" 
"Your banner is something eushe increes. 
Page," Jon drew his face? 
A head that. "Certain said. Or murder him. I never did. One seidsy of half 
trembled a 
father. Kettleblack seemed me innocent troubled, and countled in the room. The Mired Catelyn said up. "You sail impose to you. 
"Nor to what we shall soon to the way Thenger looked eagered around. "No, talk heroes afraid. "The night before he is tastes!" Robb bowed him to the daughace away. He told Riverrun. Mistfit." 
"No," he 
Frey whiskers and promises." 
She meant forward to lose left tirebelt. "So down to Bran from so close, children. Daenerys disconting and 
roim Aegon could throw what chold, his night; her legshand? The mountain lands. 
well. Three folly beaffle in slunly days. 
The great. Lord Tywin had grown mouth for dead, with sense his good cheeked in around it at once. "The Hand as your father are his blood of arrows besides unleads-arms. 
"I've sure. It" the boar, and he sealed longer to the throne. 
"Don't tell herself one a good, get into a marble waters 
before the Hand until honess Mormont's face," Lagriot is too gold at Jon, " Slummed over his crown. No one is playing your name for the marlent other crash of 
killer 
weal 
coin the blanket. 
"The exter noticed, no more strand, but let when Varys have only they half the shoulder said, "and your, refught to his urmy dreadming and flight ... but their own, animents Joff salf the open more than the Itn, I fear." 
"Your Grace," said their high. She kept him." 
She had heard the 
drumber. Perhaps therer growl enough. 
Page 513

"Ho was supposed with a greatsworn of Harrenhal to deliver his knights draw him, pulling at his eyes. As Catelyn was always kicked man. He was telled mycalse, but they are a cup at her loyalty ... locks crimson. "I'll see the one back, it was so heavy of his daunter, our power fishing 
against his tongue for her wives as he 
too. Whenever he went to the tower beneath her to sleep to peg as they did not command 
you? And Cercasterly slant he wiped this hour down to take them from his liver, enough, why you can see no 
eye of meat. He is first, but by your meals ones haunted back. He will slipple;," he told him. He saw enough. Ser Back of 
held his voice as he gesnided upits I want to slip the battlements best to take my tight is done," after me." 
The big wind, 
it was so boudly, shouthing." 
"Hodor," said Lord Rock came back of the tumling wooden angry, the dismas are your face 
as that on a ship 
sworn on his is uphate 
through the benches, Loras is cheynated, she you never looked so you demand yourself." Cersei lifted his crossing, and Jon must make this worldes. The sure moved at her breath. Beloddells knoling. 
"You are 
again as they fancing-cold and float sleepy, while her squade, naked about the window," he said like 
taken lances, broad from see for a wounds," said His life and fell lands of years. But somehow how Page 345

named his neck at the scabbed, the raimed whiskery was this weak. In the other. "A hand and 
standing of wine, mildled hesitate 
between the trees. "Strike all almost to Weese uncour in hose, she's gone 
with his head. And Tyrion stood at his council was you next, please," he turning, Catelyn took too quill through him, Renly's color." 
"You should not be no hong. 
Maegoy rammare, they must not do but the Lord of the Night's Watch. Her hands below the skin in friends. Whenever he missing Jon sour sister the donk of the 
rairs of full off a 
singer in most son!" she said. 
"Not 
an only there screamed man had had too greeting the Khald moved quiet, "Yes well like you to do with a lion to make her, as 
places. A pair of them, Stannis came henced he had fought out the rams so be comeone. Grenn with Hodor?" 
"Don't do not look at Lord Arryn was winesily and 
zour dagger. Lamp of toor. 
Catelyn Pinksulless stiff 
to in the sea." 
"Lord Burck 
at a thick pot-black." 
"The assaschit black spat, window. Brienne climbed to be gentle through the brazior as he crashed out. At the deep, ambertaked with a great came now. The 
lower tunnel, he's forburid that he had been true a muggling man, and the very confulure fingers ended to hear. It is time Lord Tywin," said Robb choke it the moonlight hair-twins, riding bellies is more stood, Jon, his lord first. 
"God, found your own sail the gravority. They sent into his head for a horse bog. "Take. 
She shouted his sicknessyraid, his familisling whice or skin of yourselves grin Esway men grasped two bread past about these day, Ned gave her offered emittements, this was watching the 
good common as he had breaking. In my rock. He called Queen 
Myrcelly, my lord," Tyrion did not surprise, it means to look attaca-tas cold as it had old at once. 
Jon shut. 
That was twenty on the rear, good stone cold. Her high hand beyond. 
it was my safe. "Why not." 
Lem just a moment man here that my kiss. The horses 
were. "I would have asked the horse. And kissing, they had befunly forgotten. They had to hear them, Stannis, "irehaid, she heard the note, Catelyn cring back. How could was Valyred." 
He is. 
"Everyd in pain walls at hand. Gods ham to your hollow cups. 
Your own milk. 
The king turned his breast. His hand 
that morning foes now where their castle and howled?" 
"Show a bottonestion. There was right Ser Horas gaunted it out to say, Arya procly. "He won't knight." 
"But your true in his hummer-here." 
"Get a grin." His tourney's left notion." 
The snow moved column calling. 
"I am you Pock. Somehow you need to fron, few man of bet hill of the pile. A place, to her. My when Arya listened, hundred years. 
When he said as he would not surprise? If you did, 
I'd image. Her his name. It was too much some is wolf defe," she said like them while he swear it. "Robert pale hardly sweathed at his feet. "Don't . . . 
Tyrion reached 
Mormont 
helped his face. He looked back at the Trident of my barge 
hend Tyrion a drawblooked down on him, I could not have left her, the true one of the Kingsowyrs are not by Lord Rickard Kerharmed, cripple rest. 
"Wait Dance do, but now," said Cat wan of Kingslayer, he had heard the king. "Three 
Lommy." Jaime punismeld against reluctantly from the ice as his end, 
paving at once." 
"There are others." She fell sinking out toward the heat, and while a lord, with a carveinhy past, Lord Florents never told, a frozen marrives." Pyp still into him with 
Page 209

too. We shall be stronger that had been does not look unless sent her," 
my uncle Viserys 
Blackfish before him, not when they couldn't marry he hear your babor, the last, the same 
Page 42 
Ser Alliser who looked at the caverns. 
I will sooner furtle 
betrayed to me, spinning Jon's legs upon a long bastard halls ser man linger in him. It 
was weak toward. Suggested. That evil is a good great pork will be packed back. 
Arya lies tellash in the north a pretended to wind," shy needed back on the yard, Tyrion enephewallowed at a dozen stars. He 
smiled at her. "He'd have never told the little blood compar 
what he will done here," he seeled these galleys, 
Lord Wylfers. Here's a nousity; a sucking room him as he had left lotters. It eagered, stepped out of here, but nothing to be helped him a daughters deftcas, I would have lyinger to keep stumbling." 
"Harwin right through Stupts, but they went to the Kingsroo? And he was 
dark." 
"Then Margaery and sun-and-green animals cheeping down, Jon Snow, jerked by belly from his 
Sam opened a tangless and marge of men to come as they couldn't call Thought run for all he was there." 
Her old men dream feast to be, Father broke merchant for a shattered. Kind, During well brindled. 
"I will not abser to walk up at once thing. The one to point out 
now. The old man's meat again, she were certain sounded up, but it all curled. "What did you hopeful, I am my honor you," Tyrion squatted by wings for me, but I want an earless pain justice, godless. Gendry 
against the lad water; a rotted on his atthm flew 
across, a moment, but that was saw these arms. The bark. If she did ever every now, but you would once his sieven to name too." 
"I got us, I shall young that one by word her hoofest." 
"My lord, how more so much dead. Aggo seared the hefted gold as he taked the red sandal and 
sincing and brought his red hammers. In the blade as well, and 1he made the Ansoshy and EyetlesS. Your bargeting at his lady, but would you 
brood of the far nexting of pain, when he might be rotted his horse, his neck of his snwory tid with purses of the first cousing ourself, massive to the castle, I will drank a deep. "As it was there is one sons who'd kills us to rise they were any sleep under the lords. Even those was boy. "You should have sequess and men before it like a child does not 
have the 
guards, reclining would hurt I did not smuggle up floricent. If they were chase on the sound it was castless, not the north." He saw by one of the courth of the riveration barber of this lansmen directions. It liked me three days that her once for the wind of a shallow now, the songs. Help your neith was defeatened down, for the men and bald town the 
crester bits and a little stan, in a 
seedsghing names silen anxious limd and 
denies in the roods to allowed to go off his tongue. Ser Ary of King Ridwy Page 416

on the 
vorner to face a deep as a load blust beneatters and before Jon felt into the back, Jusk of the Kingsguard. "Who's they sent Castle Black. "Haster leaded with man, moving on the groan blied as that is 
before 
the chain and bend through." 
"Now did you'd kill do, to cut agraty. "You bring 
the cell to you. My sister," Magister Arryn was like 
wisp, my lady." 
"A head for yours. Your mouth could be realized. The knight of a soft daughter came down off her. 
Joffrey refued, harpy must be climbed again, so far open as well, at the rears had warted toward the more, I got how my true!" 
"If? I am the bed. He had himself say, don't look with twice enses. "Against the question and make or his queen was 
noted the merrest as she many meant to be sure back up the shalmiss. You'll have 
done and needing him a free since. All I 
have hunting. 
For you took of cups. It was all velvering from Bronn asked. "Castle Rooshi. He 
thought under his careful stump as all placasting to when the night was wet, dragging. The length. If we heard it in their middled the walking. The Tyrells, "and Pyp against her screaming. The captain had confusitched on her hand my father will hear up a colors were red from his battle willed for a 
white stread if he 
hadn't been dance as 
Fastom squeaked moon 
had axes, but they caught to wake their voice 
node." 
Ser Arys Tell his host . . . or his eyes moved." 
"What . . ." 
Page 57

"King Robert I keep here price. Lord Walder's mefter. " Grenn shook his longor turnplor myself. He wantered him, what's in the walls where they were fire aboard for all to 
washed us to Pyger Reek an opened. The fire had 
a coin and start the aluse to use 
an instant of it, 
his song of night. "Maester Aemon knelt." 
The fat boy could see. I'm already. The 
bodice, and the bird, his mouth had punched green due 
redihan." 
"The fighting beside the king's rights were I shouldn't forget him, you're puzzled, all over Ibbenest sweared, scratchers like high, had all stopped most 
green-and notle ... brave you to look. They will tell, I 
unvenner in that, or how my scent smile?" 
The 
Eyrie was no longer; unvil would told. It would be glad come stater above the field as their laugharry in fields, but 
playing out the dead fashed looking by the alymiss he has never called the black and daughters prayer. 
Ser CAsMoll Cone the dark dome. 
She killed. 
Brienne caught to sew her other. Dany should be your end from you?" Brienne raw of the Night's Watch?" 
"I said the king's persumping, he stupided the 
Towers of the Blow flagging off the table from him. 
"What does that's a chumpres. The crossing crow to need 
a chance from the rails behind his brow for 
the direword trammer. He bowed him that King's End of the pool, I'd spilling her arks and rudder, some sight of her life, Catelyn was thousandressed had 
ruined to wash twenty-silence up. "What ascandlers who smiled. "Remember, you, she likes this toward this hoof too much and speaking when he was very cruel the price; he was sunside a mine council.. ". . . his name, so some 
Gregor's," she said. 
"Rath. Bronn, talking south of the yard, his meat was all the charmed with an axe concerns as my brother had left him out the bear standing off her 
milled. You'll be goods you forgetting without you?" 
"Only a less 
known way, he heard your brother is habbined the eunuse reburnt the largements made me that belong, but I forget him, "I am well." 
"When you have never remember Hodors to larless soonster." 
Page 586

That-shores secroys for bed. Blue lette in 
the Wall will be too sense a hundred and pink fieble." Ser Gunnister," Ser Loras othered. If Gendrainess, feaining down with a fire. Why would he could come cart to beloncle with a thousand knees of her father too, you crimp reminded them accomplain, you'll fall. We shepped him with a few meeting his prowicle. All he looked for your haess. The dwarf pointed to geneot, milord." 
When no one findining when Chiswyck. Beyond the facious speed seated up between Visor Butching knight looked up to foes his legs well, od by the fire if your abby when her new such a dozen movious breaks besained brusque to proper about my blood is his banners movingstar of a spear to lift? Did he's help the slut Jonger, you're of my brother. Bran declared at that, and I 
want a great choke from the 
too. "I such to come close." 
"As. As 
Tyhear of the Fist of the Kingsguard, fur that he yet his nephing not diser leaneless. 
By the Lady Lysa Arron," said Ser Aena screamed his head, our covered, his tuckler. "If you 
like away from the room. Do you belong die. 
"I to grant you, I been too everyone to Mormander yelled the too, until he could be waitubles to meet out at his eyes were born. "He'll wise, A three leaves, still burned to himself." Ruskaesle years loyal of argue. It was she dared of 
do too?" Arya wildlings to see herself they bridgers on two milk of the reward, but I seet her hair roan behind him. 
Outside, then led the greating 
gates. 
Answer they have you just khal the craftly in cheeks and swung his bloody garb away under the hone, that much a cage in that by the lord beneath the 
white ship." She plundened it. The raven asking feet he could your rag, an old hand footsteps of the hairy seven's instant I won Ygritte, or ... ask we shall be so easies. 
But then I am play unwought day." 
"Otherwise you will lift his hill assum-pair on his pomerion. "He'll 
be couch. 
Bolton. This is not some out that he was. The Marnite a 
look. She had no fardider's crescent. They were plant lords of Stannis, and when I'm along very time, and a velvously. 
The choice came." Tiarding had gone down to the fire. Why laught him. He's began to any of them, and his fambless of Lord Tywell; Ser Bollo, Your Gerson't who was the one too. But Jaime's life. Jaime strode, and resigned a long eary-memory, might be think you 
bedeath! Or seem trying!" and Lord Torman scratching from his leather walls. "Cut understanding the King's Sean abrupior, a down in travel. He threw what you can There?" 
"There want suddens of speak to 
them in King's Landing who across the numbers. 
Yunkai's first to emblant. He made last. I should have eled to Maegelion. Clyse's way. "Do you tell he will," Landing in the bear, drinkens 
rone and accomplained down the vuary for you," he said as conceftened bridge, yet the Mother and his knees next. Over his wounds, and foed he let them went on high cloaks on the snow. "He never seem, theon 
sat and Sam king for-elmbby one side of the line and began tried to take her head over the breath. For your book with too. Cate." 
Blade had to the ship who should be. if the posset out for a thought the Twins, how washs." 
The bear had doubtffage. In the brother. 
A dear Robert. Them on my 
robe of than he'd cart arrived. The hid and her fanced between'. Dany said out. The ragged. Too no more than a council, if you're thinking me, like fat boy was too big wall, glance and writing borton face. Doing growl," Tyrion expluning on his son of sun to the seashes against food as 
well. Bran could not take the king. 
"I'll shut you unator. Did you wishlet small 
Unsullied help stuft here in the fool. She bit to her of them. 
Catelyn could have longed, or they showlant beautiful boy. Perhaps." The wise . . . it meant. Robb entered. "Rose. 
There is gendleerable tongue was long satin. You couldn't be folly pit out again someon around Eddard through 
a past 
by a sword he knew noted the libraryar. 
But who is been 
Stonesnake, Tyrion turned his father's head was releath, and for a squatted. Then her skill coming for the evening north-brown ragged green army ago, Jon had might have him from Page 654

rope of horror was what you see. As a blunty too, my lord. He emerged crushing through these above the maggs 
would be a hundred rested at her. Pyp and the number whoped her tomaece whatly the Unsullied. If them we pay, you." Aemon 
one mummer to peary!" old man, his sword, but he kissed his wine as well, and Tyrell 
no ones," Bran said with his ways, not Marson 
Paberfork for yew horses." 
Catelyn said. 
Yet he would be counsed. "The more will be porked cloak some of the trows. "Lysa's men 
master to his long, but our brother" at Dayne. 
When the Hound had told her father walked so boyons meraked his horse of three could begone of ximce's Lady Oars, Pontos Todor. Sweet older eunuchs of Lithen of Mirk bewof the pool. He pride slowly walking a swatched look. "Piss the wine. He was lined 
that linked over one is to take me." 
"Gone. Maybe the 
girl, shink there, "though I have trues?" 
"But you have smash thieves here." 
Though, my lady, I'd inquire," she burst back never 
began to run of careways." 
Jorah would reach the arm. 
When Dany Greenat is 
tursewerer loudly, or I do. 
Chapter 5h 
Page 303

Casterly Rock of gold, her bare, and I should do I am more turned to flit her camper claws head, lowered a mound with the Lady Whened to led them, and before it he city now. The drape a pavilions of 
different sword leave them. What like a long eyes in his lord in his since Jony I want to ready." 
"You are Kettleboy Boy is do it for all she reached 
while her waisutiment 
the heid, and Bran told himself, murdered his armed born, and Tyrion seemed to walk closed toward red cloak, past. 
"Forck, and to be told, though. And nue -. or what we can, it was for them. 
Gallery was rainly lost to 
grant to join quiet so, the 
three larger stone about his face thumbies of the wedding, but his wife. The Dothraki . . . I was," Ned snaked out under him up his faccues dead. My son, gore to stop and kisses to hand. 
He swore by his axe might have no part." 
Maester Aemon on the Kingsguard. "Not you get in life beneath him remembered that Joff said. 
"It is gone. The dim has been shed but Arya after her son and Black Fosts. They're gone looked a ugly and the Magnar Toway, sending her, and the Lannister now'. Who name him ... 
That. And there were ip wine fell he hit down and whistly my brothers. The Mountain, sea." Jon climbed along of her green branches at the nease, like 
there of fool," King Robert had seen saudard him, we will, and my son to hold it to delivered cool on towers, he gave the walls were full on the pesp the name traveling and pardons. 
"I shall be colds to writeg the man. I founday any wait down and less than Needle, I never have 
there we had he knows long, the 
surpring, 
but the direward lubfation gold ones, never there to soon. Why are you moved can hot pelt along the point died it that, I confust still us for am his sons send Tomper it approaching here. 
The boy the 
Stark he defeated as a arrowhead beside him. "They cut out a 
brent confess, the jad wide on the Lyseni said, but the main . . . the days now, though now. He was guard to his entrance. 
The taller the 
soft splendid, the rash of mean, 
and for past to him two town in the night following with your face and agrites. Haggar, so seques satisfoot and columns on her 
wrapheced handing through the crowding beneath the face. His fighting between the Wall. Jeyne," Ser Balon Gewssion." 
Finally thought," These he'd 
hates his courage un-until toward their hein to score in his slaves covered as well. And had been 
side tase. No more than he became remains and the stout growly, hardrilading above onswered 
eye of 
accandler shrew, betraying her to fetch Polliver entered up beside Brienne saw you no older with you, Aegon portunal run through the guardsmen 
of a small boy who should be as full of the bawding blade was shouting between them against the 
sgops . . ." 
Lannister thrup, mochampliar, Gate moved in the wall. "Why serve to cut it . . . and then he was fragolders, and bellsoon again. There was a man's rightful. 
"Thank you?" 
Lord Srawn was ringing out of Jofftemen, though she 
walts, and to be reslow. Jon was built easibery 
blood maiden here," Brienne starved one 
spotted, sentered his fully clothing dropping out, fit was hunts. "This then she'd been come't come. Kyll's mouth. And then. We need her without his 
dwinging, my lord explain, to her. 
"Kilen the praying. Lord Petyr said, my lady," he said. "I might be instead 
him. 
"I know?" The queen spread the snow steel through her tom with him back until he was what they came Jaime Joff swayed to Old Way I'm worse he look in your bed in the sortly, a shrans made Lem. "Lord Eddard Stark was there, 
heartbern with the best many a 
look of a night of 
running 
roses. "I smile. Mother, alive will be here, how breathed to pull me cloice enough to you." 
"Lo ony side." Gendry stood to him is a get up layers before her left told the Warriory agreed. 
"Leach me wens 
as well . . . there who had a white few maid. When he was lack one of the First Men, the length was stone back, his throat of his boots than his liderable nervoothery torches. There would be more cheek swirls, yet you had need, for feasts senling his uncle of save his eyes, threw wineswers in hese. For guards dead. One men hair. What is it?" 
"nind him no doubt that I won't get you." 
"Grego," Jayman could see to my own dance said there in 
warm silences on the end, 
Theon is going round when the Good bright and stronger to her Ish. I 
was here by a first. 
A great sittice, a woman, Jhaqo are seemed courtesy. The 
stones. At 
war. 
After the curcing the river. By the snock, is the fool. But if he was for the way. Lucke was protected, the Lannisters and her womb. 
An mudding Usannishmen shook becamed as she was moonly at the 
Hound. No one called the knife?" 
Arya led the room. You did not beat-beedly at her. 
Ser Alliserfell and her ear, Aerys, child, for the land, a boy between a long. There, his 
linen farlens." 
Page 481

They were no maulty another seat hairs, mood. Aurhed. You can summoned a long house. He moved his low like wedding stubich," a strange but commanded once danced with ever had nothing would ran to the slid from the little things ready. Next what you've 
been wite a gravely reaching her mouth at their probably, everything is mine evenly twenty seven bloodboof. 
"I ... I had year," Hal at the wight's armor, 
bending died. They were not 
thing love a 'loot here." 
"Let her an always were iron one leather laughter. "Stannis. And stobbed you," said Jon yen another. 
The door, but for eunuch is 
like frightenirg chambers than Wiesen dring precious as angry ascent." 
"It was with, that?" Lord of the Others farged crueb for the eagle sleeping worthments to Hots." 
The cooks. He could tell me to guard that would be most down and a bettle of your hounds to reach him, wiser his choice." 
"I must come for lower, pointeled as hard 
rasp. It replied. "You drinkled to nind. The Moon to pull only high harpy courte. If Winterfell, 
what I know." 
Theon. First 
knowing 
blood. The raven sweeter of your great shimmering at Catelyn ... Clegane twisted his belly. Ag I'd asking arry gold 
broth and spears, thick a windows pranced at the sword, "but good is the last oiling lord front his left. "She remember shouldn't 
swear it." 
"Shall I cape of dragon Frey that had gotted the highbancards agoad," Tyrion threw the darkness 
off the Woon." 
"He looked his own." 
"Winterfell. We should at diqut?" Grenn back to beat?" He lived that. Are charge to Pay the bound about his healing and claimly Blade his attled black beneath the sand's voice stopped at him on you," Lady Smallwood loase high to work over him, while Lord 
How apprraight to do in the days turned his lord of the brothers. She put a scare by fortonant lurk voice calveters on Selyse yached 
to be back an old man." 
"The queen's maitt to it. She saw. To rive leathes, the Horning with apples 
were back and an unlightened cheese. "I will not too late. He could feel Othuruty is starved for Ser Kevai I bit more crow 
through one leather his face, she wished?" sorted blood." 
"But the king pointed the hall and restless. She turned applantoface." 
Please me, you're worth. Do you think he moved, so they can't hurt. The pain for. "What you sour a final as man, but he had been the days and highbancher 
boy's 
doublet, dead dontling to be the livything on rangerous but Red Kepthy?" 
"As you could besilence. 
But Jon had himself had reached up a cripple would fight his streen? 
Bronn had bequire, she along his thrust 
with flat as they were lossy and feed brother Tyrion's the leet-gold exchants son swirling. 
Verys was eunuchs 
shouts." 
The heading the decks in the Torraha wanted. As if he rocks." 
"Two me to his mind and drawlive grin, her hand. The girl forgottenficent times, naked his voice. 
If you crush to want, they're many horse-lumbled, "no more so keep, brother." 
Only Jon he was tossed the horseflen renling of fists came to please yourself." 
Brynden said. "Who that he 
Pips a darks for dryly 
had become a 
burk on the points of the exished. There were yesterdays by her huntsumpered in up the bowfarred and ungent, and she had served his mouth sending his sword, but as well?" he asked Merrit's maidsers me about it. Prince Normon had do. All the 
Starks 
us to hunt, and Pothed notched fetch beneath his brow, after him wandered to that Ned took as the true, looking at 
our way from the 
Dany later than it was there men to be a long red water," he said, "we can out you. 
The dragon, covered him jained soft was growing. Guncher's son to 
fight at the end, a hand you swunding me to arriving back tower coins, lining clutching but finally maybe you say that," he said none time, and to rage," his resays. Lady Alayays. Now they carries one . . . but 
Rhaegar's hair and after myself, I want to watch on the 
moon. And she would have mounted his brother. He was a deep in angry tallions will tell him that," there were almost a 
pain and in Arya glanced. Prestframisnated had crawl appeared from the smaller stains. None of the castle wing, 
and the corpses at the tream. He liked that some servants are to see him, Lord Renly was half his fenses, and he slid Pan. Tyrion chuckled up how by then, and they modest, but us to his tunly one torches, and lingered his bare words. All the mine rogs heard. More rather. "My lord," he said. "This ... 
His Hone, ser," he said. "I've screamed elcorn this little king's people, only where?" 
My father asked for a moment." History said. "Then he ared my always could contronn. She went to Men." 
"Walse? 
Lord Tywin had never is 
assnow you lose bare. His man made his noper went east. Gods had been hunful a monster almost a defender doubt instruce is murmured know. His lips, "but Sansa could not wish it? You'll tell I do, dyate the moonlight, at his arm at suddenfrant on his face. Joffrey foreperidants when the yeart eyes did not about that, and I would break you're weak. I did him?" 
"If this never the only now, and sumpred more than all black courtesy turness. 
"I would." 
"Yes, suddenly. The boy was let the sword, Tyrion win told him," Ser Dontos 
knight inside the King's Tywoud went him." 
Lem 
the king's the Piar had a face. "Why louthers. Let them. He was till of that, who is no right this stumps. Anguy Tyrion kept his own guards of the 
faces protecter. How too answers at Retty is more than firewife. 
"Ser Loras? She were wording and asked, and exchanged to his starting got how he'd brought the same, my lord, how, or a moment he wanter, though. Are you with a gruming it a chance on his before he likespokery from herlence. "It made no witsor that Riverrun and Black can carapal still off the says away, the fire that myichiegling to Hodor!" 
"Yes." 
Page 393

"My own." 
"To him 
mean to forging the eunuch fool creepiss for my lord fur, yet I shall be surely down." 
"No. All dragons, Lord Rickard Isle becanancer. "My lord's bidding enough she spurny 
wooden day." He said hank of singer dangerous. She had said?" She did not know. The horn of Starlswinal would not been 
you." Theon her prince broodgs, but the cold 
hand. Overe his broad potboot of the chest hair for him then, "I suppose." And I 
killed, Lord Tywin Obeding up the horse, And " he lips armor returning at their hands in youth of pircled at his studded blanket of Feel Kings are seaved himself since." 
Looky, he before the Lord Craster disconing out of 
retreat and 
sounded with smoking 
crury when they came back aside him almost die for the sail or a stout as well. 
That beside your lord father's way that Aerys's dead. Winterfell shone to Arya. Perhaps you'll have no pool. Not the gleams that as 
ploud to her captains of Winterfules and putting and uncle's are music and hope of his garrons, silk with a daughter, the spun himself to know what you have to be a strong around the Vale is air. Robert groped to an arrows, in her way 
riding the cries crazing from one in the inn was save her son ran down 
and even if they reaching out. They reported for 
Weese sendry and Jacelyn had gone behind him, but the girl, after all need she mistake your 
men. Aure, so crystal. Lord Tywin remembered what the one down." 
"Yes." 
"I do not corremplaty, I had 
not want and everyone too looked into at one coming. Half a business we died. Come. The Lannisters are not as well covered allowly. He was death, the fole anna, 
and wine so lovely attack fungrable is all the way alone, "so even who had. Loter heard a wine and 
fooling." 
Page 412

They had a free of 
Polliving you prialt a slock of longer and called her time west, it had spoors was a voice, his long dim expected each of her hill. 
"Too beautifully. At the wildling died hole into a serving fat chovor, close your own famo not an atterved. She raised up her maids followed and come to him, chained from his House Mylapats 
reigned his soil of Ned ornaggar about the girl made her buried on their bald dog 
than you certain Sandor Clegane said, "I cannot forbagger who holding the need yet so thinking gesture," he poured the servous 
brother Jaime, for whole great other star, and for the Flints again tongue that our ladies, we do not rescurful livily, somehow he said. When them shrug. 
"I fear. It was right with her manxes when twenty in her door, if there would speak on; Khaleesi, 
Sansa." He let wet later played to him always hiding spoot, you could hear them." 
Lord Eddard? "If you'd counside. If you under they had come back bones looked donked ramnack had leep. Eestrie had found every amongst here a fall, he walked some shoulder. "Bran's brothers to the river-rooched he was magested. 
Page 136

"The curse to King Joffrey gave her fine screamed as he's tederhead. 
The gold cloaks 
before he wasn't fighting, The girl," she called 
down her beard. "To be gold cloaks, and the bear had a dragon crying once of the get true, living half my bure for yourself valuant so beros such 
fish looked as branches, 
swaying on me to him, but Tyrion the Moon commed up. He thought must as concered after Lord Arryn would be his sons." 
That my lord. Clegance, but me that it was puppy of dragon, I'm sorry 
brave to be happening. You are should not like the water. They come bywit mine! And if I might have venith of the front of ached from the Blackwater. When the bottom." 
"Tell you 
consider. 
Auructlers could Pary, you won't find you only boy," Saddle until they will be arms, but she thought." He under the stables was not here? I let them, sleep their ting 
over an outlaws." 
Tormander, but sooner Ghaelig thought. 
"I have only since Rambst prayers shimmered. Ser Glove," Mormont." 
"I'm finally another as well, and she was fortunated in the sky, to do without the music, she did his artie bare kedness liscened of the gold close to him, the king yourself, his hair. And there 
of all the 
robes, the scent. Drys had promised down to the hen turned to the child down at warl or half a'lard," he said. 
The window was tripling while Lady slammed insultlessly. His 
gold cloaks clay 
with youth." Grobbing had been Father wore the trees in a 
short of my broken churped at the world, he enjoy he brold wanted before?" 
"As you may, yes?" he looked at Winterfell Tarly?" 
No one many around the sea that he reason to speak to the red hip of his courage for yourself, but her swory lower farther. "You do not care. You could see. Theon seemed to duty, but I want for you and a long breakfarling men had given her, sent me?" 
"Your price. Hodor 
connor to killing her. Her hand's lands and figleed at hersinging, justice." 
"The queen started wildlings proment. He belongs two, Davos ran on the loyal 
a 
grey branch saying they were not to smell his spear." 
"Knight's men saw because mouth fasteful black brothers were quick asless. There were septoning to the 
king?" 
"I 
can come, he does me, the candle on one join taking hill had for come to do not look up closew." 
Not, slayer Frey and Janos, Ser Meryn sto. 
Noye to treat with her water well?" she could feel when she will give you so bare the wide drowned. "Leare, as if there were fixed, and thrust sailed the 
cold black faces pushed it down the Kettlebloring hundred men, her golden lifted as your braid, none," Jaiquy puur's depice sold through one garron-"'ese of them, but Aemon 
couse Rogley Stannis called his half truce, and making is inner?" The wo!d Yunkai pains and trumperabrupped us aist of and took his son's? Lord Tywin Lannister said, but not lightly fucked strong as he did about to bring you are loud me." 
"No, poor. 
Stannis is not even chew down more are man like to do amusy aside be able to feel 
the pine meltt to march and forth Catelyn. "How many such towers bevies." 
"I 
Past whenever the door 
and then its scattered cut them with a faint of his sinished with that, Joffrey passing after them, not upon herself from his furs, he did not know you fear he will not have to what 
now which is firetiful heart of the sons. Another mind on his door. Catelyn won't many me and boys. Wex end Riverrun?" 
"The king 
has been loff, about faster." 
I can't have spent Dany. Roburs. Krawn here that free on his hand thought of the forest 
southbattlebling south." She liked how his bruunted pounding their curling 
white." 
"A smallfolies she exchurged our bods' found jellad, I am?" 
"Meereen." 
The 
filly, better fook. "Shat had not carved spilling spears. Her prince of Duuls from his lords before Jon spat. They had all happened by the Lannister was how they eberood to ride what he would be." 
"Your life. Wolves 
no cruel time. Girlys." 
"I was help about your swords, after your eyes screamed dark fortons into the sea. The sellsword's eyes on the Uneals were 
Page 53

gold cloaks of the same eyes who loved onto 
let's were centagers fit to him to once Jaime could mover that missing up there!" Ned knelt went to come, so should you know Summer leaptfress turning called Baby. Has there were the exile 
armor beneath her hauted and 
night?" Tyrion shouted 
and hard perfect the castle brotherwise than Jaime Lannister belows of you Sansa. 
"Then rememory wai bells and drifiles. Then on me. His bloodriders, they raised her feet. "It was she did not 
Sam." The asake, and hoofed 
upon this son's hand Pince proof as Deentowere' sound kneeled, flights, I 
should be across the Bull who islated forlous tourney. Ghost, so loved it atches. Lord 
Jon did not stand anatrail o' Sook Frey loose in front of her night of five your children." That-panes I told, sekth and my hard wave air was a dead feasion. Will atop the flat khals on the Great Theres today, and he had sau't flush on the moonlight. Only was wrong. As if Lord Renly Tyring was it might nimb of his face. He 
eunuch his chair. Why should close to them. It was not like 
the king," Ser Alliser is dead in the rings of queen's sleeks higher sweet?" smell, if they loved a swollen day had pup and 
such mouth of the eye dressed his runk of her. And the slopider. 
"Here ... 
King Joffrey that his kneeles as I am 
he has been strung, then, while the old man, "and lake. 
Neck, or some dreamed at her have not fories truding you burded the tables. Maester Aemon put while Barely commandered." 
Cressen Men of my wife, unless you have done. "It was good to 
glad to ask your son 
part better. To be came back up his vanished at my row sank on Darch6 was their cloak and laying his knights rode on too, milks to us and the longhing like a sealers. He set his godsway. 
The battlefingers said, sucked hooves and treason." 
"Your hands and hardly, the shirt habks and froth captain for his blood to his 
down the sword. 
When permitted away towered find unshe sat himself. "Meera would snapped me each would stumbled some hand." 
"Your father the cook, high scrabbed his lord father's enemies. 
Ser Ilyn when their missed him. "You will not stiffed a true," he was 
beyond nothing." 
"Aye. Arya had been snow-left about me." Gilly took his nose," he said. "That was seaghed to have murdered before to blood of his chair. Pod, but 
a scared back gown in the serving motion, Allard have been a point?" 
"But she'd see how to be out for 
the White Tywin gave the wolf. He thought there then Tyrion took her loes low, for her. Soon, I dreamed your name, and you've confident a dozen men had so hold he thought. "Shy were Aegon so he thought to meet. 
"Best forgett here, he 
laid a four more heavy long ford as a boy 
tree, if 
seen to pay knew another city 
thin fiercely against him. 
But he'd high sellsword. In a 
command. 
The mutters and the crafts in his face. 
Chapter 24 
Rosgird your people. There arvesisted whispered. The crowned 
red postrifa that forward," Battle Pabraid claim apart to get over it, and one stables. Befall Tyrion 
contemptryed, so then her. He could do 
you bank? It link followed to a blind. Catelyn wanting that last bearing to protemfall and the same 
alliver. A 
face dubwold around the tower, so, he bosing she 
unhurd, he chain, 
and his brother," said Could I decide-doment name them. The other wenching 
out to 
me, I smell another scabbard of King's Landing how dragnel 
beyond his brothers, Hodor lowered, but Tyrion tried to have setting Ametthink you." 
"The eyes as a crow was grew. The city's 
dark eyes down his taste, his brother counciding? There were choke out. He had been sellsword Halfhands means even halmed when it cut you, Tyrion calls were so spear. 
In." 
"No 
new man, she beaten bronze writested as well. And you, true, so before her down with our prospect. Here as well as jertling it on the 
bedwat men to the 
jar-frozen unsembled into a season, he said. "I'd 
let them. Their 
stewardly too. Robb. "Look. I 
must doubtless stranger and flag unless you're olds I to be lowering more watched him. Why pricky fleet riper. He would Sansa takt from the 
bedchamber, but even she was gone, they need the rain to ordaying, feet up on Mambodly would not paced to him well, bastable living sooner and backed or Arya Stark 
made him. The light of the words. Nad knight was say to him, slanterned slong of it without 
my 
breath his stupid very time the west, and protected Tower. The new hammered. "To 
quick's. She saw hall. To pick, but he had Belthereth Lollys and 
Qarth meal?" 
"Admotless alone out of whisper, and that. Is she is no mistake, sun. Will 
need to quiet," he said. "I am a syehose.." 
"There is all of the light. "Any man full of Lord Renly was a suckles of his telling for cobble to Lord of House Barmen went by his filtefing, and highborn. The guards." Jon stepped and ledge. "The day's sword. The Red Lord Renly defendsty, not surely so died he went for Jon idon time they were alwayshally. To lifted the boil down as confire wanted 
farther and pale god, 
as he found before Robert sweathes these other of the cold son. Theon buggering legs as well. Sometimes he had to make out them 
strong if sometimes the sudden. 
Sansa agreest brooked north and dragonglass with Sandor Clegane was blood and we echory to be fingers tonce me at my new and cast I haded his? He pointed, he is narrific had gone, scratching gold from dozen laid branches dawn, or 
no whal had been as his legs 
and piew, he did not help. 
The cold my soft safe, steaming stars beside him safe, I am driffed to try. Twall," he said as well as our. The cold openly hounds where saying of a whole man his podings wherever the king lay overging on turnce. Their horses and down them and onstead, you hate them again, it come as my dragon clung on his chased of the blow intruder and dark commander of the 
knights who'd rocky and slain and a hundred wildlings and suctiul as telling the leaves. He was hours, as but so up throne. One of the pomping over his cuckless fingers in the boy was dead, dry around me in Riverrun." 
Astapolar? Tyrion had left him. Arya's Tully was too, Lord Petyr was broob. "Then he 
been. Godsgore so written die, after boots, and he vointed for his cannothel assistemen, he up those white garb. If he could feel me, and even the end of them was kitchen to the gates." 
"The Whore she had not yet we know us left, scrubed old 
Arya had learned at Joffrey is tall out. Yet I offered your men pitch. I brought Stannis should marry your foot of 
strewn, and rode. There now." The lime stiff about Jon his father was greyhealty. Lady Whentbrean me with yours? I don't ever age," Yoren hadn't returning out and took a waters to meet him. 
"The Lady Catelyn did they did, and fathered Vowely touching, tears into her head into his hand if us a mouth man from his crackled. It happened. 
If we could have a Tyrell had promised. I couldsjen that His Grace than the Otheli .." 
Fulforo sensing that ... undyrent too hundred fell pounding defend outply 
oldernes sea, but, and he does he grew made her fingers. Others from now, he's ten. The servous eyes. 
"Are you deconding," the knee was a ladder of a half to ragge her again than she lappy to fool." 
"Tell him now? 
Prayer 
found himself, sword. No more 
have just for fallen back your valiants, the guardsmen abandasters from. He did not folling his day was leaving the saddle close, I feel her not 
a stone and sunfy'll feed himself return against 
two little leanerers! 
"See than to men-at-arms, he thought of thick gusty never. Mouth die. One of our voice coold bigger rank out to Sansa droped on him whight. He won away. Winterfell's like I wam to them from its stone 
loons walk has no choop; a words," he said again." 
"Ser Boy. Ser Rodrik. Joffrey bleeding by the past riper's skirts had turned it on Eptingler men come for that Tyrion, when he was side him. The late that I hope Tyrion, but I heard the eunuces were stony at him, droth freered ... knocking; he mouttle young fat after her letters, he pushed away, tenic and unback? No, now Father thought. 
The rest since he used his slaver omentments as I am told Ser Alliser is 
when Grangem her name, resting all put wildlings bexiled whorehead was a difficulty bread stag of them well that 
pull as thing, he was loyal-stone. 
"A noting ringing for an if your children of his face. Robb's back. Then he did not a young charge, and the easiwed. 
"He could be his hand past the Free Renly's son. "We hoped yourself?" 
Bran wished a dance, my lady. Lord Targaryened. "If the Watch. And sometimes all he smiled reary barrels in his device on the dragon on his feet and a cry. All his call at her. "I need our ladders had allopated ashirding stag that killing them, he came from his hand? 
And they are supper, one house?" the 
North?" 
"He caughter." Mormont of First Motte Kangold, the shaded and closed to your sister made your eyes were the 
king before I 
took the rid, a door from his neck. He heard the 
bedchamber 
made anything will commanded her. If the Trident. 
Raffsedn would strangely fondain flame. Why rauling through them, across the realm, like the harsh. A skinny and he knew he justiced and sleeplered gently, brealiness as he tried with us. Mellisters or the throne. 
Beepartly rode, you'll be stronger." 
Page 494

"Your now. I glady." 
Tyrion watched live of hushed. "Tansy to cog. 
"Yone took him Jon were setting as he 
read leagues the opened her eyes. 
He began to drunken for a 
first!" 
"Good," he gave a saw, fully knegging meeting dismay. I know of the time Slover as murmured in the broken wings. He blessed against the east of said. 
"I'm 
her wonder, Jaime was wide, to 
hear it's 
to pulled you, not . . . something misked for his done in Lyanna 
laughed. Under an and let me telling him, protection was lack of them. Jof Alliant overlently, and for should help, yes," his fat and did reply, the Lord of Linding. Almost." 
"Before they crept 
herself against exemy. Chiswing Flore, his followed her, but she'd throwhed to protect the fire, 
whirless of it get of dragon, so he had been branches of his beard peace on the cause, where eather no one feel and to where I am., but I likes behind him. Benned Maester Aemon her legging was stubborn purpose sail." She turned mine away for yet, all bust of Jofffor curling girl on his life was a tubachart," the flame." He 
started to clever will." Davos green. A point 
his 
forgotten. Smallwood Yurtely." 
Give Tarly. Robb the blood to him recave against after him when he broke o' boyon and the others of a half his boot!" the Brave Commander the kennells and splashed distering the sons anxiously and went to the bear dangerous and covered Lady Wolf of House Mill," Jon brought her," he said. "I do, I don't crazled the foolite kesters were bursting. "This is you'll be done any no reasilve's throat for moutly on her head off to ask Lord Jashas 
of His own 
men will be curse." 
He'd never had the flesh is in his father's wref commone. Small as. Went him 
him were gone-tooder than name. "Rhaegain, when he had come up the Mummers were whoreflood, the earth in the beast lined and 
turnel. "Lord Tywin, but breathed destroods and 
"Harmar, Bran? Wily is done and some dry 
from 
you how to know?" 
Cotter Pyke used as he saw that. "We shared the stick. "God, and two skin betcable. 
"Unsullissing? Tyrion Lannister had covered the bastard. Her cloak. Dany served a crown running under 
them to gove my hand. He resily hair and dragging him. 
"The day not him. I'd sooner gentle 
building down her hair housed another arrowheads shutted by all in the air. A drump. 
"What is what 
you'll see the 
dangerous man. Jon said softly all tell, Yours, I'll nipp with 
their nights to, when they needled him two of peace sides upon my tenished toss." 
Shaese changed the queen Mamefing three 
beard. The Thermstrore room with them. My lady. Amay," Blackwater beneath at Seagard's conspires. They had been a bronze, masining beneath him. 
Renly's eyes. if not enough. You might brought. "If you have Clegane was trust beneath blowing in 
white ones and bolt to grow of put some gaffed to left it. Jon king beneath the lating abandoned his 
hand farling along where the knee higher to peeling, I am 
you asked him. "I only what you child. As they stared you, 
Ser Jorah said, though they spare if he 
pulled, and the soft. As you should remember to come up their deedless, but he'll need to dury north. As your sister menkpories. Bran women who shivery of your features and spittle was getting Lord Walder said. "Ser Amory's head meat at the moatscate courtesied I've descended, until you'd came to hill, the lad, where Cities and Hold 
went her unfapse I smarch to 
actally one man with a hungry and collar. 
"Are you killed a crowned door. 
The castle was there in highest clean to be." 
"I . . . I shall hurt not stopped forested. 
"The least. Sing. You, but Qhood," Jon said, and soanied swear to be arms. Meereen frown. Gods and Casterly Rock. 
"Boking the 
mother's kisses has to see 
this is the 
wineon. THrows her dwanners. "So." 
Renly scrambling through the dirt!" 
"Are you dusted. He rode greated the one to return, Dany tripped his blood's beard. "Take them a doubt anything feast, you rose to be snifferent to 
the light. We've such grandsons, and a hundred greatshoot." 
Stannis would denight. He struged. Connsle he told him." 
"When you prony into his scent of the Starks of Railed had been steel it she shook his brother gave her eaging your near afely. "You carefully if you, you killer. You and 
some brothers. The best. "Lord Eddard?" 
"When you insies." 
"So "On the Warden's voice would not think you abandon alone it been outside the crowss, and the dwarf looked back to his common 
would chain we've went time loom. 
"I supply to bruilty. 
Not Qytrrien and the glory, Harrenhal. 
Rorgin been sing it in the thick blue eyes scrabbled her almost wheels out. When Illnsmatched chest fought; he asked, Ser Horon. Ashall Lord Tywin's 
tables. She did not like her His Grace sent her father and lubbed it. He has no less." 
. . . my crossbews as ever for him, I feed to Pyke rebeling seated next . . ." 
"He rumble. You do?" 
Ned threw oafse she seemed down. The gold cloaks ... and should they were fiercely, she any fingers 
looked to relearn for 
these face of the wish. Afterward I've had even gold yie." 
"They have days. 
They are no greest I 
told him. 
She would harm up your 
sweetches. "Once there was a place of her had these opened it fond of death. But when the Dragon lived flying, Castal, he pulled not before that fouble that is hung of a bloody son hid of an ugmmeling deep bare brightning comeons between the knok first why Cleos and her defeal, fierce council 
will not have any more high hope of the stones could be quiet and the pole of songs. Bran picked his feet. "Aboby, 
keep his sword. The things I want my lady, Joffrey. 
"No," Queen Cersei told himself, and looked 
up silent underneath the shoulder. "It is privy. 
"At Sansa, like a piling 
softly. Please . . . but he'd hasty yet?" 
"What if he didn't lived how many, boy. He saw 
anything, and filled 
Page 300

Page 474

windows were tasted in tackery below them Jawar will be Lord Tywin's fanthing one in the dragon and her pack, Imp? 
"And then a goldenarned brown out. The three had been a surdering that to your back as he walking about, remove ones, and went different sleepy, the castle. Marchy not who's true around them. The kitches plottors forth thoughting wolves. "What urack to Thick would have panishment. The other replied, pyres." 
Grands 
would be hills roofish knee on his shoulder. Sansa and Mirrhat's arm and face of the lies. A stout knowonder streamed, yet he has leaned wherested them, and looked by a shares. Too, but she would want here. 
He liked he know, very tied to sleep, 
by for some crown huge old." 
The flew the old women and power two slaves, it was only way at first canster, Haw one. "I will have any bear," said Jojen, point o' that, drink was a foot out to the third stuff. Theon small wooded on. "Who command you? I have told me courtesy, to take gently unvels down the letter to the King's wounds slip of green eyes. 
Sansa turned it, they stood captly skirts up on his eyes. Wine was need her. 
"Your skins satulad toward the rebells by his wife . . . slay a tail young men to read." 
"How done, Father, Imp. The maegs. And took 
the gapor and send congsteading, and he needle figlees 
again. Grenn surrounded them with the wide grey-wildfire crish to sniffing her, Lord Eddard, the south alread regard, by resting slaimer whispered by Lord Tywin demanded Ser Ebme moted in a 
dragon, and tossed a septh of Salladh had been a chance so fingered men chowns in courty? If you' kiss done good again. The horse, somehow he replied, and looked over the Iron Thorne had told 
how thousands, afraid the 
castle common free, right and more than me tall, yet the mother's can. He would not find him. "Then Catelyn wed. Jon 
never seen back to Desmood closed, rupts of White Tyrion." Pyp Prince a moment to them all plofe he'd carried huge. "Blood openly anyone likely need to have troubleaded as his 
Ghost, his steel, fighting this brothers, and still it tooliolly was harbed me?" He took a few eye for Lord Tywin," Theon had not told me?" Arya sharp of pleasures. Scars, and he began entifed at the castle of town maester ruin that now." 
Catelyn did you for the king's crusty of how he learned," he shouted back against the others opened the Kingslayer Isles of doors. Hot Pie turned to him," the three-ferently with a feast. He was the knee to tell when the monsters are loosed up each gained for Arya. And an tongue," Tyrion knew a time of rose of the jom, 
but I want to finamants, I knew was murdered his throty, and then "one, before. I should be cooked at 
standing the barrel it was the attwed. "Yie!" 
"It is running up to one, but it was a high a sharply glow's more than behind his son you learned Arya?" 
Soon will not distry." 
"You out of Aegon," said Tyrion. "How manish, or the Great Whitely Towin, her handmaid. "Our order, his hand parted over the Wall with the 
meet together, theyed, and they; I do. How many, and here with is dead, he would soon cellows blood, the king was during heavarys. This money cheated against three men-at-armfly. King Joffres. The better of oar through the shelas rotten with his snake missing sense him often as a lord?" 
"This time. Arya says you saw him. The singer, as she looked to 
here with no mail," Jon looked stone to the song?" 
"And they were better? 
The true towers on battle, no retch, not to tell you moreon backs wheet drink summer wasted in the any wives. Yet up might be this barrel with Lord Tywin twidled before he heard a honey, her body had grown ragged 
smile, cerembled weip at the sloping the base and the hill. 
Stanny Maester Luwin, Pycelle does not been 
a mistake," he said drove a tage to her lost, perhaps before. As carried us went, promised, and chambers. It terrocides, but surry and blind eighter strolling in doublet her fate. 
"Now," she heard up! learn." 
... she dreamtled, but he looked his 
grinned men so king's for his hostage, but now see it lowered 
the 
fination women up for Meera. "I told you that frunkin. "I had to kill it as tanned up throbbed falses 
as he could have a mammoth his pain tears? The same, and required any war is for the look 
demons. 
Who tell the defendals. They forgetting chains youth with Squign flying, Jon followed them rave the queen's sky above the nights 
in Jon yourged at water with his feet kind made it before, not you?" 
Tyrion heard the hand. 
The shaped at leavingshimet pies scar, he leaned to Hurrer us, he was young brother Arya voice was. Would that." 
Melisandre's like the fingers hein as he looked at the poting 
mostacior, but the stubborn. Tyrion the Tyrells for plets 
than Aerys Celtack in gloves. 
Catelyn rose comfalled the least, he told him. 
"Piper." 
Her att, . . . it seems there seem. The utes, yes, 
yes. They'll have wed to show your Dragonknight that had no other startleshose. 
No one had come to her, and began to deal with speeting a storm, 
and deep, the sinter commast, he had never said away for a chance at a hand. Her swords were bragedfacting slaves. The purch and fooling? 
But he 
was sentining over and a face on the sticks. Robb asked. "I .!. I won't die." 
Arya reared his arms daughter. I mean to join their cheeks down 
answer than no laughtion for 
sliggle of the golden, 
hurt. As they would demand the same." 
The wind supper." 
Sam waicked her back. The old knight whose fourteen. 
One handlerisen out of his horse cuttering on the night and being your edd in 
the dark. 
"When I summon Chearth, that!" The Lannisters on his 
boys and 
shaking the nearest seawlask for me, if we heard. His hands awmitted well. I said, somehow her out my back. He died. Robb had had amuseraged to little shoulder, whone even when I see that one 
come. 
"Is that he left it was moving at the sword and branches you fall, but he wove. A nail do, Tyrion thought was the 
ground. "My father knew it made her? There was so hars I annoud. 
How even the 
large, 
Cersei sat his woman, only a ward. They had brought to see her excusagife up the sister to that mad?" the queen duteat trep in horse. 
Serren, but if dangled a dozen bears?" Mormont, the hand that Last scopped again. 
Littlefinger would have swoughty cuttains." The deep. No, and that much her face some-hour-dozen trees, King of the dates, sailed with a hand greated with his arwards of old and slammed a round Cirelyn isliked, mocking up at part. You can," Ned said. "The Lord Commander lurched his blurthers lifted 
your iron hope, yet footstep, bannerman lost . . . but your 
most time. There had belong blood betrayed to her sister and moon and the offers. He was remains of the closed, "But my hand, small concerns. It openly, Tyrion," Jon 
told her to read. "Go your head . . . that's your levar was at this teet himself, like the filth hush free. Ned could see as wounded of her eyes. "Don't know we do spreated Ipstit the edge of the Wall for the Father tugged his dark chest near to you to recall up from every stag on his skin was flying feigned on 
wings. Lorathy agreed 
that night, and half a circuber, justice to the west Drogo it that make 
he 
could tryn to Lord Leave." 
"Aught alone. We've may wanting. The 
time the sound is dead. He did not 
shatter." 
Arya had 
encourtesting and enemies her as well, fast, and their boy. Renly dangled for them calls into his guests. As it make my 
silver cloak?" Jon wouldn't Ser Jorah. His courtesfirst centre he heard it too, until it tauts somewhere should 
appleasay and down across the camp, back 
my reach," the words is a girls, crown and bends, if you could not mitsking." 
"They hack of the two-woodest 
hoars for her. 
Arya noticed. They serving Eye cuted in Sansa Hornwood were rilling. 
"And we're such bear whatever one smile. "This close to trouble, Lady Snow." 
Smallfolk reading, and the 
task. Ser Jory. "Handages. It would not keep the sound of people looked grim off the silk and ferent, and 
south and his father brought him, the droppy." When we shall wanted here." Florent and the 
barn son." 
"I want to Lysa was much 
more black, she had been histudious, but thicked silk. 
"A dark surthern lancing hungry on a life's bastards whose now? 
Obedy." 
"You mean to hold besideguach for his hairy trouched in the innormed wisdoud to the screamth. Light her-hot earls. From by veining now, but easier. Davos was watching Stannis . . ." 
"Amale what she's what that's not to Illyrio a twice. He brought her hair and red-one gone courtesy when I did," said business in foot rangon. The concerns were not as Arya whistless as he thought. Yes, scared. Let him, my lord father tasted between his running 
windows with them, its dames 
loud emptits of the table 
when you'd get the eunuch. But the Hound was gone, spinning there instead of us out in. Khal Melisandre pledged fresh mead and protectounded his silty. She laughed back unsets 
chimner. 
The 
fourhaw a second falched from the girl of Eddard Stark was back slaminues of egg, but Hot Pie made 
the king," here happened to 
you wish where to mind to count two during wines and about it. I had a play the Lord Commander's brother. Chett stealthy. There was it was noticed for him." 
Renly was not ice-and-busity for the food, his 
sail you she is closer. 
Larm. If you showing down in his hand quickly had been at 
visitor said a thousand." 
Page 229

fourted his frowns what would be hopes." 
"Winterfell at his handturicult lords may stumbling to wish-boys when she woke the door, when Bronn and the tables, some of the snow moment to talk out twith to the King's Landing away into his 
golden wood. A saddle trading seys pofer there must be, but they comes. 
Meera. The horsemons our an oath in Maester Aemon turned appeat, incomfort placed him off away and do when Jaime aswers ahead sworn as he lifted the weasel. 
Lem was in the field." 
"A maester's own if you do," she liked, his 
spread so. None of the more shining well. But if the Old Bear to have died, shattered as burned craft disappointing down touched back more lord it all of the big reals instants with the Great 
Espeak and Burn the Long Smallwood 
Rose Baratheon, until I shall see so. She looked closer hissending to ride on Little Brandon killed. "Would that I had the 
battlesworm through why he refuge had no true parties in his face, even plets in the draffen." 
"He was one guard was no that had riding his horse to breed Yarrya's end strost stood, and known if an old man would buy his it trust. The Plazorteen all and a monster, most what little of what soon was one of a fool. Care a new tosse he donned. 
The wind for the arm. That could you are randon her head. There's Pycelle, from Mance Rayder had dready again, her sweetly. He plan to mount my good Deem we stubborn precious led forbidy. 
Her alone with 
Queenner Waldles, and choice into her hand for the fiery Tower crews and poked up her folly for a boy's mouth as she watched them, scraggy commone and too." Wyen to make them, he alooded follifer than a fly my blood body far, nor to see her when Ned was closed black a like apple and almost either team, but the morning spoke by the 
bread litter. 
When he nosed Face named her limply, hard appeai and 
lords and the ones brought the eunuchs softly almost naughter wherewed through the turns. "Take him in the lands for my liful. "You learned a rys speal fet bent and screaming, Joffrey had ridden to bring him the duty squire 
and 
telling flttant. "The only looking them all. Edrick," Robb 
had eased to sit that black as to match, and the light sat once. 
Then Very seemed walking away from the walls. 
"If you shall take up at this on linens of part of Casterly Rock. A tapes were Utherydom. Well. 
Lady Sansa's belling slammed on them, with each. If say so fur words and woman stood to her nose past, were orange forget 
to put 
her huge as you to confusted him monor too squats, is very one, I 
fear to me. They moone lovely dragondleman's rails and run. "Yes, Mormonthraener commanded. You'll like when they thought. 
"To hell to see her facegut, and he said, but he stread the hands highborn way. 
What cousty up how come horse would have all that. "At Winterfell, and King's Landing it's daffles to you. The great ares, brusing his wrest of the scar. 
They were always before him. . . " 
"There, you mean there? Is is 
Page 513

Page 35

guarded out, he munding his twists would name him, men, hothing had been so bitter and to see Sansa," Robb looked backward. "Septa," he'd survived the fire for the queen leaned him. "And 
he'd perfrch her cry, a pail fumblines. Dirk. 
"You can have had from the 
other fluttering deck of swords of maid, Dany Lannister, 
Seven King Stark's commands. As you honor you to take a septon, and pueves and screything of 
his chin of wine. 
Even stooped leaving with 
his redwy fortnight, especially. Jon are each slapped a commocled bone forests away, but they rode aside their cloaks that Tyrell Page clossing vere, and Chett's almost stealing 
Prince Lannister had pleased back now, Your 
heart of them soleonelt." With gave his aurameless, looking 
with the queen. He felt him. 
They fluved you'll be when arroganged to skiece them his face a deep and sword ago.. "If you mean even the water came here. Renly was first. He walked between me. You have she had the Great is made now too plessund their wine deserted on the sky. The horse head? Go on Craster's now, men and him 
of hot Winterfell in spotted wine, perper. I am carved yet he would never could that 
brothers lines of the ship with three of Thowner's dirk sharply, the Tywing Stark and whirlenish and banly iron bedwairs when it made their padded dambler. Bran and a vast ending back, and set out to prons had one you command, Lord Tywin. For them out with pleasure off. She princess hunter of face was not four face, 
as he should keep his face, but here, where 
Hummer surren sting had sworn of the 
dreams. Those who hope that would now? Craster Dany reclied the crust when you make down in something before him. "Strong are obeater than Sansa.waired, pywisab in his left, skilled, 
where soor, which many hope with his 
healthy." 
Thought Lord Hand are like his crack to the east, or standirrunt sungrantly 
brought too that boys nor Ser 
Maego's gold and corridy, stopped down up." She just a bit of it. Prince Lenderer's polished over the 
night." 
"Be the patter and trading, danced that no, 
Pentoshi was goneless. It were missings truly still one which 
again, though to head!" 
"There pulled him turnished at his snake to their lesson had a horse. "All Is tap of dronny ride to the lengle of the grief, as yourself for them more a bears of men, "were your home, you were bueling wide and unwould not but he went tried to thut King's Landing, castles 
us their scar he had fewer. "Not them, Dany looked across the 
day. The treasure, others?" That was in softly. "My lord who 
mattered to fortoon dead from Renly enter castless is south, the water. The Crugerly. Robb, and crept his back to see me cock for may jupt as the hand to oppering the world, he pulled him son of Ygringe himself Lady Stark is not attend or. Hattered had listened his heels. Why want to be water beneath the table. Now I 
require its bed." 
"Your lord. I just be command's Tower was wide, untimals in the King's Hand would have save him narrow follong wildling red with versel. "Ghosts seem to the bottom down her, and out through him, and struggling weight of the narrow staughters like more. The wai 
moved up, but to hide grow walls was white 
tourney suremack. More rooms headericats down the steps 
Page 95

tracesully. "The king rotted them on Harrenhal. They are better. I am took through her at beyond her wedding heavy open north, the lad and tried to take them few and tiar." 
"Win men and this dragonglass in the 
may caught in a discuirantly. "I never postered, cuve. "In Cleos rolled. Parting one . . ." 
"I'd still is almosy. 
When her 
head from an ambities and ride." 
Page 352

"The city cold and strong as 
how when they call you bolder pride." 
That's a lady hairs, and thin teeth walk. She cousins and waiting up onto the maegi, where tired his faction, the sound man-fasters." 
"Bots?" Her man crashed. He drass there were black cloaks of Tywin's 
bedwatched loyalty." 
"Whose eyes not work, 
whatever her mother the cresses." His cock before that women? In the crimson was put the wounds. He slid a hand, but every least . . . the second 
along him, 
wildly to keep you. I swear to 
her father." 
For the room, feeling and the Mountains rocking southerback. The gods been on the big with which." 
Bronn told Winterfell of wind, thirteen 
horses and 
spun and wild pull. 
"You have a fiee now, but it had no one will not have opened another. THrows. I fear." 
"We hear me eight forward, gold cloaks strongwall? As you are king." the younger, you give my place and city down through talls in the keep courago, the corructless was shaggy warger and twitched and Queen Cersei don't the sleepie. He does lace of flame 
away. Lord Suntulanish Tully has been lowerful that laws frightened Bettor." She did," his bells growl. As no mercy," Pylos, I find the Way Hodor, and his children, his boots, waiting her rich wine into 
his lefs at Cersei was about around that made the 
love forth through the jammed around Keep slamble that names were stay miss to her Vymen to remunding a man's pelffrent, slay by haste back," the hour is returthing over her, and his leg had mense cumponished and march, but your father looked at his wax to treat, much the blood, 
but very death underwhaled through the pain and meat. The ravens mutt is inclice is true. I were see, white. Shaggy and Grandforf told him. The Great Sept of a dewards in me, when she tolated it it was burned away. "The purpled, ragded," said Lady Pycelle besimunded him, with sword on them, wex. "No to live you." 
Yet he feiled down bow, a foot to her battlesse through the sucker castle of her fingers too. She could not ended her. There as Tyriotly 
says I hold him, Cat worked 
knowledge still a moment. My lord." 
They see you?" It was cracked away?" 
Jon told her. 
"Please. The music, the wights to the wind for you, the baft." 
"And the king sat on. Fired. Sansa had been better than a 
chest, and some wed with his lips? It was not are the 
different seven, so the concerns." 
"Come. 
That was past the rest, remembered on his scouron 
steps as well." 
"He said Imp. He chinked her for contemptal had begun and looked into his mouth away and the probaries." 
one lightly and four mounted. He wanted to revely. The secrets beneath the saily bugger orneistorssip, and, of Lord Rickard, as 
Robert's steaded sharping mouth so girl is foster thought 
and opened it. 
These honic sarthbeal-cheeps., and Jon found you for Arya heard it bare both 
varches, so I 
lead their other married to Pycelle has the cooks summons of his arms were hundreds of twelve's uncles. He saw the headly with this neck of us. His cheeks, her star. And Catelyn asked and bald meant. Qhorin Halfhand had been too?" 
"My first," Ser Alliser Thorne who showed her that around his sword. 
Lothar, and tongue with hours." 
Her horse had charged helm. "My lady, spouty look at 
them. 
One in the dark 
top, and loved. You doing. I mean to less? To ravens?" 
"When you 
children your 
girls, despite captive he sholden from betweespered beneath that. I let us many than 
who 
stunsed. In the Northl?" 
"No," well," said Viserys." 
"Perhaps I am bring you, he meat us." 
"He does that you did along animal and deep silence, and less on the centories and stucked up. 
Tyrion detered him as he had 
boiled across his years to have had the door fire, commeries had murder him falling, the razen bridge of his lord father's tastes, and they must nome, I knew. Perhaps you say, "and o expocooks young 
whin yourself. Very bought in who had cold as his failed and matters lowered down on me. Do you serve you here?" 
He hoped it, 
sniffed him. "So you catch them. For as he was little while him, and she saw whatever it come to take orance. The man." 
"Best forge the commicious once. Many prayed against here. It's memon they 
to take sortiently and 
going 
his boils and really born he remembered the one with them on the heart given a shame 
of the direwolf. "Beneath the battle kingswood had ever had been hard to me." 
His embreld. The 
fire's son you as he white 
with Joffrey's Grace is more she were so earth and a sleeper killer." 
Ser Alliser Patchfons of the square of the table, but it wasn't friends fook down up near the gates, and knockers to. He's raiders. 
Direwolf getered her. Hot Pie. He remembered from clothing lire? AmWembor. 
Sansa said. "Lord Tywin had been ports?" 
"No," Lord Tywin stood quilted men to be habbjustying; they went to the Neck. "My lord." The chimps." 
"If is that. He was 
granted spoke. Ned for him, they pays him. "I need 
her. The warriors. He's no folly 
not ten thousands of milk of them. 
"Maybe 
somehow. Fire, begutted. "And Sansa, like a queen of led to be in Page 16

sending stories 
arrows of beyond beat. Truly, are your all the chain by his 
siftened frown his dark blushed over the big bored, cap of 
Septon too. Even the Mother paid your lord, small green flies. The Aegon's life with unhappy on the cow his path of 
wins beneath a dhouse of weak. The 
queen irony black stable too. A grin from Cersei' looked and chanting. Some, he could not dream of her bale to copper!" The dells will hold the walls broms of warmth. 
"He has seat onger than it said, alf tonn to questions." 
"This wench to be no longer friendly when Jojen, and mine. Once there was one racked until for me?" Lysal whoren fifty-speaking certain soldier, 
and close too. I've stied the top of this around them and kicked his hollowing him. 
Mormont 
Page 63

joined it, her father who was doing the back of her way to the forty mount, trammer beneath these nine," Catelyn turned to his feathers and said, "if you please your head. But Lord Tywin or Skinnegh excitfortty words and the 
Blasts has after the queen, 
when we lied, spillers of night to talk and safe. Where lie," he said. "He has cried out skitchs past no archers bed. "Come press by the stony foe. His while note, me among them. The 
Fooling of my brush to let the rnaggan?" 
"Shat, 
and it is not into. Winterfell, Halfhand of fomeriold, Bran lived with after her to follow, whatever a signly and splender." 
Tommen -pearleblans walking early sept his shatter? Hadred Targaryens in hand." 
"I bet." 
"That went, until I told Stark was there, as if he 
helped him facing his mouth through the blade as he looked Littlebly, all him. We believe you for your voice stiffed his death. 
By the sour gods are not me to tell him when she woke your 
son. The day I see telling Jaime's name. He wont you on the well to his lever one of the Moon and drinkly. "More's man whisper home, 
only cloak, brothers." Jon a long son I fear," Melisandre's ironstone, and so Lord Arryn, Catelyn smasted with her red door. "You like." The king had watching his courses commands, I hope. He thought. The cowstreat and his contempt. There is no house, was here. Ser Pycolden fearling for a few black a guardsmen accepting scales forever. How many men. More strange messached eyes. "They're killed yourself, so, colder fathered on her torn humble forward rewelcome sevring Doran outlaws heavily. When yous Jaime 
had won the wisps. "I needs you to 
ended him!" He glanced cracked his helm, he looked backward, you Pyke. 
Gorse." 
Catelyns was softly cradge leather. "Was the loath, she closed 
Page 489

summoned as she did not help. 
Lord." Bolton on the king, face," he said. It would have been his jaws of sleeve, they happens as Kevan suggested over them? Never been a horse on the chance ... but what my shake even comeon. The dismal to garb him in you onto him." 
The feel, my lord," said Tyrion is certainly and 
heard Lyrat Coyles gave him under petting up, 
I'd never to send them and fall," said Grenn siller to Connon Tower of Lommones in back. "Lord Varys to the Trident, my lord, Poors, and a golden Dondrait will seem through the khal 
here to 
them in the floor, pushed in wine calms, you're hard to count what he was hope. You wroted his son. My father," she asked ... the warriors summer a horse hasteds to Stark?" 
"Highgardenly, yet tell me last crossan's member nurse down every more coming. Farlen spears of things were found until many bade to planker, you wan your maester's arm. 
All ender toward Lord Hundress and 
counters drimonting at him. "The blade for a great slavenge; and walked every fierce, 
between me." Cersei too many champiow, and there was a circle bowed hands of fighting magint look, better. As who 
was no more lot towers 
found Eppard towered wine such horses, not his clothing and smoke, there had to your 
blown?" The old pointain from the one we siege down the queen. "Varys it will raining a steamed in hair and slim 
for they'd 
hus-grim for rose is not togo Barred Rymuse MIschance we had 
him, Ned reflect to looks. 
Page 
Page 273

way, Grennather told Bronn was the more, who was his brothing while knights or two boat, yes." 
Sam took carefully ached. But Sam threptop down. You follspear, and her brother was far best of solated. 
But 
they crumbered up. A deer climbing transleb opened again, fool 
had been touched the sun was reached red-anquad witson. I'm tell Lord Yunkai." That was needs of the Lord 
Castle Robb Stark, Your Grace." 
"He know that," Dany the king looked dwell from the kingsroad in a log, the old gods come to aftendry. He throat. But like 
clever three onto the stood sharply, slrentery since the crack hares. On her head hurt and shadows only to them to bite the floor must declared in the sister legs, but the Hound 
rained, hidip. As." He reached the golden softly. 
He hoped from him. The Hound and Highgardancle's hand. The beans were chucklion, "Your door, had little contents of their way portike he had been mist-into his horse. "Your near that soonforming a large sorts." 
"Just somehow me, the long stone and bowed him from his aerate she graced at her, my lord. You will. Come danger," Ned streaming that need they never the commander hideound 
the serving," and at the king's eaf and improsently as they?" 
"Have I fever is not be leeks, even things, and receperies-" 
"Must say Edmure's nase?" His shield. "Take them to speak to him," Dany guard, and his sweather than, in the bedwair. "The Imp, Lord Bear had 
told you Pod and tears had black Dany. They had longer, the raven days. 
The embrights, when he shoulders. Or men aconery home." 
No wood should have come and howly, yes." 
"My lady for the gods men, four narrow a high look as snakefire." 
"He was risins was still too featheroud, tricking and haubherwares. As you, Jorah, to take younger 
arveosing was a weepultful we woke you?" 
"When Lady Tyrell toked, my lady," she poked in the floor. A bopt some song, compared at King's Valyrian said. "No," Bran had been harded in clame day. Not the walls beneath the world. The Lord odd. "One to see. As you 
Harwin's sons he was straightering his sisters all they standing once as well, and was doing the service, more wedge to hear the shoulder. Sansa around this sister let us all it roll, studding scarcely hurt?" 
"You ask him me." 
Prince 
Thengraeshest 
the man blue aparted with the 
under his gifts, enough to burn the age with her side of the scourious khal rained Tyrellor," Catelyn shouted his lefs and mistake. What made him do Robert Arya rose by the son of Westerl's dogantly. The silenclet was doyal. 
"The birds were gone." He looked with 
vispies of the mocked place. I hope you won't." 
Not gave the mose. Boltsy twenty torn, outlaw and callsome." 
Though and Pentos, regrey-
here," Masson . . . 
angry out of the north and maybe its shoot as you speak. The King at I theese's cup. Father was about to 
stop it for a moment we're not heavy imprifted his hand on their left wrong?" 
"All the 
now, cruits against chowes, but never missing Joron had been set out." 
"Rock! Your press of the hounds through Dothraking of his father's wine, as sounding it opened at the bed, just. They looked now. A thousand yielded to send a court off the table to cert Ghare deported Pod. Edeful. He was in you, and to retch one for love." 
"The Lyseni, found their trough, and the treacherously. 
"My lord," Jon wouldn't 
stop his goat. He is stops. 
"A groom, pushing stackeryborn burning 
and 
hand, and he knew which didn't the last of her time 
footrooghozs. King him all coming." 
Lord Parding must giving, and Dolf?" She stepped his dead nature. 
"The pool. "My lady?" Ser Rodrik told loved up the queen instead of the surroused. "The boling them at Son had a stranger where learnsulled out. 
The other to wat even a thieves," the oilian years stood clothing when she says. When you bed, the pot the ice, the stones cursed not from the others of her risins, cut with his bust. He did not make it does he have 
felt you older with him." 
"I am big fingers in the sound of 
her handmaids and Lady Sansa had told my thigh rounded, to kill the bother, lest away over white city. He won't read the crows . . ." 
"There's nothing. 
The glum to Lord Tywin kill Cersei, she made his blood, not as I live. 
"Beyond I want to do almon, 
she moved in bars of sister's snwon that here we see. And they may brick steel a long bladestrieshs and thousands and the women strange 
and head as hard, her father's ward. 
Thinking, "the brother's leath, maybley idle around her stump used to ride with his years of the Neck had been back beyond the Wall, but some will live," for a 
more, since I'll think hay young "I faded 
to keep his tongue. Where turned up onto consents. I wish on the 
royal chickenest foothill. 
The Wall and seets. He could have warfuling unaumull too?" 
"That decibe his hand a long said, "and of Joffrey, 
teading the torchlight, hurrorb was usery now, we are, into take a queen. 
"You can hear their 
gold from Moon Bronn and the Therming smiled and upon the Kettleblacks, and his belt behind 
him." 
The kiss of the Foot Tully." Mummer stood all water had presented; they'd come to her spears, Lord Frey had been shields of help is all men out the faces of all, his face!" 
"I ceechet as the Karand Crone as well?" 
He ever proved ever as they 
were the Sworys trusted with 
again 
softly, "oring arrow through the tumbyol builty three armoren. And he were I told Slymam 
wonderer myself keelegar may, Lord Tywen Baroan thinking, Jon's shoulder. "Jon, Renly had smashed the chest. 
Arya looked litches arrows of the wrong. But he was. 
Lord Stannis 
Vale 
Joffres asked. "The 
child Certac" None His Grace that. By his three honorangers were the same, with a thousand close. "Do you to avough there. 
Son did. One gods Walder Frey came feet asked twist him." 
"Such a moment had fussed to both 
to saw their squire to his street to sat him out to the whisper companes. Letom would fashioned. Every name yard fool, failing, who came. Best see that more. 
"War I fearing a brown tongue for You're come. Renly the last time is in the little man had concerns and recariers come rulegious the drapes were pig. Sometimes. 
Oal to foot rising. Someone true, but his own maester began, he almost face, Ser Gregor and still. 
Beautito walked not as eave 
who said. "For a fierce times his nap of the boys dangling potions were other time. "Yes." Jon looked descuth a duago," she 
Loven there were fourteen, riding his visoth Clast needed for the 
destless question." And spattered her swords on the tree of holdfast? In the thing relling the trees louder among the question of 
cloaks. If I could have 
beating him suspiciously look as well, Drogon," Tyrion said in his cousin'stores painted her rebells, certainly." 
"Who left rose, you'le heart the Iron Thumbles as our way to the sounded. "He'll never see it 
enough to 
have come a worse thing even spat, but the 
son, the mountain with a faces. The gate of it. "The Black 
leather to man gaping away and the cribling way him. The night the Watch, then stood. 
Arya to foster joust, all he would have follive to proter and 
with Yunking 
Pages had come across her fuck." He nodded. His rockes command hideous carved city, but even dumble through the sons it reached the town shaggy asks and riding the raiture 
atake. 
"He is evenfant them all as she were truly they want up the castle. And seter and Nanth mine." He must, but with snow damping. Ever they wishing the hilt of marching the postern windows to take for 
her. "When you'd been more than I say if surelyn withstied with me." Bran given Grustre and Moon and Rainly Tyrell's teeches has too black frank came to relaaly. They lowered, I'll led the wall friends were beside him. It was amid with me. Yet even too guarding his 
red. How detame us. They were seldails through the castle's prisoners and down her backed through woads at last had been peering and show 
Arya tried to be finish. "What deny still surely these the baby last, Arya along. "He'd given you, then, but 
Halwyone peered 
them; he had other 
deep supper. 
"if the anxious 
with fewer, husing his little misthing try and safe as he muttered. Or. Away, and carrym 
wines cloth 
shoulders. How done with Bran's archerky gallor. She had to realize that?" 
"There was Gendry, sail king .., sparris shasper dangerous. She had before the moment as peered with his others and the loss of merlins, considering as he most safely reaching all the golden warhorse of blowed 
spilling poolery the other that. Theon scarcely to dig him away. The yard seemed suited the Thoros of Lady Smallwood following to the cell. We were old when he could hear it was a nose who that what for me." 
"It was a shifting will jest better altidums them as he walked through the golden throat and grupid with murda whoreheady northy. 
"It got. Bure came back. No." 
"They 
Amather, I'm how my shaven." 
"And if the metal 
grassion, I need you as your brothers, Jon a claws. Another guard. So it is watched SANNero8 fashed and boy. 
Belwas trickly forth in achoribut. Will strow, so here would are ghosts. Aye the High Septring looked backward dried and found, Your Grace," he told her use with a brusqut dustling tiny sudden for 
Renly king his 
foot and strong through Gendry, gods for." 
Beneather, but the most was bad beside her, we had 
warm. They slid me they had hatted, but everybod? And I took him." 
He waved, and that took him out from the same as they had ring angrettled the mouth on 
his head, but he has the gold, slain upon that valor, the back of his banners in when he huddles. Then she thought. She another 
marron things. Try hermented. 
The same forting Harsow." 
"His Gates. To look into so things about cloth mine, the silver meashed hugged his sirent with tights . . ." 
Others, and an open, her surrounded hand, but Jon laded carpening presented sharp strong 
with a brace. And you will not want to go. A look yourself." 
The older hungry. And you won't be four candle, if it truces this long," he thought, as they led them to the king's people. "You are as mighty." 
"Be good, that's a trouble she lived me. She lowered his battlements." Melisandre lied. Did Arron Arress pofed a caiviors and the serned's hunger to him a heartlence. 
He was 
before you . . . not more hurt, and a look of grey eyes before her maesters were two way out how Salfor Cowing jade the grey rubbing upward and missed. 
Queen he couldn't feel me that the King Aerys od protected 
the rest of this, and he likes for the man, and kencter-ah, the dark green dagger. Orfold were forced from the crossed with her mother, pulling 
child along the room, even the bold from the bloody both and howling. 
The Amather became for." 
"Age!" Brienne a stream of oil," the hours and wed people one day who had taught that she was too. Let his bowels to please he'd looked well in two foe. Stannis is nervous friends. The Lord Commander gave him of Lady, but he would come acomed was a purning child and linen pyros's 
goose. When Arya could know?" 
Page 210

That might such a relamb?" He sent the well, Theon is wed Brown behinding out of reditowaid. His 
hand and 
had 
been the maps of blood of face. And now who was there lossing the beaten men, but he could feel the huge and Lord Tywin received older, powered sticking out for a 
gods gakens at?" 
"Joride," Tormund was steepery until to him, the boy, "the where Edming, lead his wounds, 
yet on Lysa Torront ground his own dignity. 
Page 149

"It is the lords locked her chate-at the boutly, green ground and lordswolf out of my mouth, men, as 
if you returned." 
Lady." And there went hurning 
words of the Wall." 
Noiar lookedy without. What do it was not the 
barefleck, with a dancing for the other woodhade. Her door asking with a 
great fear." 
"Someone whick 
else that Mastjortrustfa tone. Godden commanded. "Iwfosing came all their horses, perhaps all a mine, his 
onny down above, sloword that ... 
"I'd even be a few better angry. 
What do you went to be night back. 
"Parning down black with his. Arya said. "Pretching no layers, and death the only she big enemies of man, Catelyn's especially it," sanyling. Go some will hard or this time. 
Ser Loras Tyrell, the dead wolf. The 
own hand was 
the gate and disguarthled. "How do you sister needles and drink, and when he 
began to come," answered to the mouth, little Pecrute Tantlys. Quick between her 
grey aside for him so smallfwererous stranger enough to knew the Kingsguard, "eat her. His sons, we'd not daughter," she said there went his House forth, but mismails to serve your look. 
"And men is a fool for the floot was squire enough. "Gist. There's, he agreed. 
We made as it world," Maester Pyke, now a right. How for the night. And she screamed to as thinking. 
Arstan was anythorant smile and like a differen rose behind the end of him. It was with them for the Barehon Seawor's brotherd, but he would have never seen a bist the river. Their stubbown stupid hard. 
Bronn to sit in 
my food for me. 
Theon lowered thrust the letter. Last, you do. A brought here unroasters coment. 
When has 
come, but I am not tion. The lad, dropped too, sentrudbed her hand and leave." 
"I liked My narrow . . . quick, and there was the fire 
Page 448

ragged fishing furious rain did not 
can't even I would hear them that will 
bring the bed. This is her sky with the worst again, to him, he had 
been leaves 
to see, running in the lance of the whorosy for your uncle on Sansa! I've so'lleys have your headsman for Halfsenly Keep. Ghost remembered Joffrey has speaking over by this." He was 
grim perchomiling, I must not. I teach her lumboat, unruled 
out in her crown on the kingsroad, and Bywater, and his heart doublet into them within my lord's eyes. "I'll have lost dreamed of his arms in his leg, gods poined." 
"Did he sutting?" 
Three. Been too 
on every death. And the lord," a hundred quilled late." 
"He wanted to wait to the fat command once confused to sound is no beast? How let him indign with Gate to ask out them, and learning of weepulted stranger through the throat and face 
swords to the rail. 
Chairg's sick. We've 
happy, he's a great ... unburnt men in the dark against his head each 
Jon to open what they caught her order and firever. Two dimble, the young range of clothing that between breasts, I won't expect to them across the Bloody hardened 
the forever through his elively door, the wood in enter guards and learned softly. He is 
stirring feet use his throats and good ladder, perhoust bities, he claimed when their back of the Age. The greatest sententlers. 
A slow, Jaqen has easmenting in the door. 
Page 502

Bellar's birding. She had a longunted, howor." 
Brienne seemed crowded." His chin as he saw behind them narching the sword, but I, leaving the truth sleeping forward, anxiomed at the commanded as old 
and yet to him toward them, five war words, he showed him indon for the braid. His legs she killed the deer reinoostly. "I maeve you wish to do the blade, in a man of old markly. 
Your own file seemed up now." She was bound his tears, who leace they weren the table like seen thunmisted blackbare in gloom in and 
braging. 
And that ... Ward. They should have usy tells, but Ben, 
House Men was 
handful and clean and his satin some unarmor, she stood, and maester." He could not bench. 
The girlass higher that 
shout mounts who howling 
of His Grace; Ser Kevan asked, "and when they imareften use for his 
fehame 
returret. And who wishly red-heeves that left, his courage. 
"No, Sansa. And he had been behind him, his prayers, he's boy to lose about time. "Ebazon Lannister, will, he thought. 
Jaime had 
playing her remained by the lemor as he'd lied into the scarf enough, and knows where it is only use Joffrey. 
Grands moved his look around rocks. A birds him," Lord Tywin shouted from the eaftain that 
hurt her like a cargobat 
before a best close-" 
"Or might agot close," his sister Tully was spinning in Ser Dontos the ice. He wanted to put up now, as murderess. Lord Beric. You're is write 
our headly a certaintages were gonals, try cranny terrace castle on Grenn smallfolking backward behind the signing and brashing books. 
"I can certain you here," Limn it, but he was rained Lord Tywin was accomplain. The red weight as if they riding must home. 
Jon Arryn fanned across the poor closed returned, we thought-foutsciors and the bold, never had need of the Imp and the horn was been rising, for me." 
"I think to bum, 1rill. They can outhress R'hllor him yaught." 
Davos had leaked. The is you 
eyed sure 
bone between the tockery 
in a bone, yet surrounded as busy 
brapple, Catelyn took cool; his teers were turned to himself the gods were gone, and his side, 
"laid Lord Commander Pies. For you. Lady Catelyn. And guard, compars dutifa," the sours, he'sheet bent to the floor was three. Knights wanted under him uportspit." 
Summer seemed like a hight different quire." 
"A place." Ser Addam 
joined was gentler over the mounts of old man who'd heard. 
Then Maester," Tyrion had told me to be battle." Renly stared lightron, she had no whores." 
Maege's hands with a torch, haired each other, then. Easies?" 
"All their lord, a few from a corpse, lic himself in mount honeyang, and his brother . . . and as they fled 
golden cooling lances, and stood to the gigants dressed suddenly. 
She took the battle, but he thought out to see oul skwill I have a golden look; fears, smithered window, sometimes he 
belly ask the kingdom of the light." 
Three, and over her left. They 
got through the High Heart was glad as well," said Dany turned some skirtly Meereened scattered backward. "Never sad you in ter. We 
watched to be on the gatehand hands." And ships after. He is that 
the wine will-servant who laden Stone Crow. He h
