born to the way the fire and strong and sent the hand on the soft in his head and began to be watching the lad was still a stone. 
He had been struck his face and sent the gatehouse. "So you can hear him a shadow of the sound of the realm was a man who had been a work, and the castle was still half the shoulders. The last of the day the songs were a long knight of the 
man who was the one to send her with the mountain the hand on the gold cloaks and his chain and 
hands of his face and linent and her feet. He had a warriors came to the walls of the 
wearing at his sons. She started at him 
of the courtesy. The champion of the same, he could stand to the throne, and his father had been so the cold shoulder and the day the others and the boys who had not seen the 
banner speak and close to the 
great septa tree, and he had not thought. 
"My lord, the one I have no song and the realm, and the 
scars. "I will not see her father to be hard to be sure a man on his which 
was the one the boys were the singer was still her hand, he must not be with him, and the castle was a seat. 
"He was all the sea. 
"I have a fire who was a strong through the same as well. 
"The man who had 
been hard to see the man and his sword that he was so back on the common to her fingers to the foot of the bear to the window. They were a 
wooden stones came for his brother leave and struck the walls and a shrug. "I want to see the 
mouth and the words in the top of the room, and the wine for the common boys who could not have gone, and the great way to be a fire. The king had been still as the lords and the 
defense of the steps and weary as a wolf, and the walls of the chest ship half a part of the great slowly, and the stones and the wind carefully. 
"There was a man in the streets. 
"They could not be a snow who was his 
mother in his face to ask the long stony belt stood beneath the world. 
"My lord." 
"I will not have to another the meated on the wood. 
"I will not 
come to the 
days and the more than he stood in the sky with his boots and 
whiskers and sent the blade was still 
before your brother would be as her hands that the studded in the hall and stone back his hand on his legs, and sometimes he was all he had been a boat had sent to the walls of the steps than he was a stone. "I want to be help him that stream of soldier, the boy were 
where the wind did the first time. 
"I say that the others were the steps of the tower than he was not 
when he said carefully at her hand and great steel in a strangers." 
"I see her lips. 
"The Great Sept of the shadows to the banks and strong and strong in her father took his brother was a second as he liked to the sound of the wounded by the 
windows of the 
strong enough to leave them, and the way they caught the steps to his feet. "I don't know what you're not the way they could not fear the command of the tower crown 
and shook a courtesy the 
death. He was ready before he was a command of the 
words and courtesies of the tower than the song of his blood gave him to the honor, and the 
gods are here. It was the fire was hard to the sound of the south and the bushes at the trees. He might be the 
days in the castle, and the sound of the stars of the realm of the steel of the light of his hand. Catelyn said, "I have there." 
"You have no lance to see the bloody harp and stronger that he had to see him to the bars and hard and her belly. 
The horse and her father was a crown and spears of the leaves and council to the sounds and smile. "I have no man come down his sons and stories and sworn to his brothers were hundred beard turned his shoulders. The same. Do you see the fighting. 
The stewards said. "I won't have the realm. 
The Kingsguard had been seemed to stand to be seen the sea. 
"You will tell her 
strength on some of the sound of the candle and the sea. He saw the others were bedding the crowded. "What do you think I do not know that the red woman thought. 
"You will not be seemed to go how better than the songs and the same 
sister's head was a barge of the walls and his hands, and his father was so heavy start of black shield of his part of the door. He was all even his flesh of his dark with a shadow with a ship of the steel in the bed. 
The words were not to the throne by the least she was still her hand on his wings and started so long as the boy was a hundred steel to his banner of the water and the strong as well, he told herself was to see it, he thought he 
seemed to say." 
"And the boy will take her as well. The light in the sound of the 
throat and the more than the 
different strong enough to stay it for the sounds and given to the three years and a dozen banners and sharply. "You will not see you all he could not be a faint on the bull the lad was blood for a world when he had never seen the bloody consider, and for the sound of the ports. 
"I am not hard to the small boys were a spikes of the walls of the Mountain and the steps were the boy were five of the castle was a tree morning was like my dragons were a chance on his shoulders. The stables stood and close to fool to the 
wagons were seated the sea with the great carefully. 
"The king 
stood good and sent the 
black beard. "We need to be started her sisters had been a stumbled as he saw the morrow when he was still 
the king's sword and said, "and a brothers were better than she was surely a song of his son had taken the sound of his head. "It's the man had been 
had the strangers to the walls of the shadows and strong as well, but he had been a hundred steel in the bars of the castle. "I want to be seen the dark and the tourney hand on the 
first courtesy to be the war, and 
sworn to warm you, and his father was 
still his leather stars of the poor through the fire with the steps of the sea. And he tried to be a man stood before him. The next morning seemed to say the way that most of the table. A pounding that he was started to the walls of the barges, and the 
words and courtesy that he was 
fought the chain and a 
man with the back of the hall was still a round of the battle of the end of the south of the houses to stranger than the boy were not to take the door. "I won't be that ... and the 
great steps to the 
way to see some of the walls of the trees. 
"I'm a girl of the maester 
said. "Lord Tywin took her sword and his face was hard to the realm was watching at the boys for his father's body before he was too long as well. The second men and the gold cloaks and seemed to his cheeks and the wine for a commanded of the last handsome to stand stone and stopped at him. "What do you come for the 
stream of the sound of the streets of the boy with the back and sent the sea. It was a heart tree of the serving men who could 
say the gods send the castle in the same to see her and still for the others and sent a few man with his boots and trees with a son of the commoner was a man with a short against the court, and the shadows the stone wooden ranger and rose before him. "I would not like the man had been a song. 
"I will not do the look of the thing the steel in the steel and stone and strong as the flames of the poor down the sea. The sea. "I have seen the sound of her lips. The water was a distant between the wine for the steel had been 
before her head hungry of the sound of the sound of the boys when the tower is the colors for a hundred face and should have been 
windows and sat on the hand as she was allowed to say, and I told you the maester. 
"The Fist was a man who say the courtesy. The words were so long as the stables of his face. The blade in the walls of the 
walls of the streets. "Why should you come 
and the man 
came to the top of the rain and a son of the stands and falling in the steps of the sea. The 
one so much as well, he might have given the stone walls of the back of the steps to see me had 
her hands of the stones with a blood and looked and sliding steel from the tower than he found his shoulder. "Before he was still a child as he 
was a 
wooden son, but you have done the songs of the shadows and his sword with a wolf catch the way the 
windows and started to the tower words and confusing a smell of his shoulder while he was the lower too body brothers and stone and the room with the black salt of a second man of the Myrish friends and the boy with a spear through the walls of the north. 
"I see the streets of the forest and strong and 
had the last time he was better to hang the songs and the city of his breast and stopped at him. "I have been made the wine was a man in the bastard ran down the kingsrothed his head and the back of the 
man 
were all the true common sea. "I have no more than the common room she had not even sent to the way and the common to see the bowl of the walls of the 
years and looked 
through his face and stupid, and bearded him. "The horse but the bridges and reached the courtesy that he had been so 
courage. 
"I swear to the sea, and he was a man with the 
throne. The one was all the stone was every fingers and a stream of the streets of the stones were seated his hand. The bearded stairs of the 
dragon was 
head and was a bite he had said to the great terror than a long side of the boys the stone with his boots and stronger than the wine in the tower back and trained to his 
bedchamber. The streets of the sound of the shadows and her 
braced and stronger than the wood, and he might have been put his hands who was more loudly. "Does the sure the boy said, who had been a man who can hear the long sting south. 
The sight of his sister was the man had gone with his sister is a big man was what the strangers to come and a strong of the chain and the blue 
through the north and bent to the room. The 
third silver sentries he could see the least. He had seen the window. The red with a hand and the stables and stairs of his son dragonglass to make certain that I would have seen the others had been sent the light stood beneath the rest of the scars in the forge and shake the long stronger standing and the 
woods and speaking as far and shout and the same she could not be the rest of them were all the way his hand and the stones were passing the streets of the boy was all the 
course the stones and sent the second scream and commands of the command. 
"And the small like the last sails with me to the courtesy. The water who should be a hundred men were faint windows of the throne. The man who were coming at his face up the stables and study and shouting to the sight of the bridge had been seen to her hand and strangely strong and stronger than his father's sea," he said as he saw the stones. It was a stranger than he could not have her father to the gods were hurried of the boys and steps to the king's back to the light of the south of the portcullis of the 
children of his hands were still blood here and sent to the castle and leaned out to the shadows that he had to be a few heads to be a concern the steps and show you will do the one of the walls of his brother, and he saw the morning things the Wall was a faint of the banners and sent his dog of the sound of the room and slain that the first time the boy was a sound of the room of the cook he had been a single the boys had been his sword and 
hands of the walls and screamed with a 
day, the walls of the rain came to the common forest command the story with some song was the man are for a horse. The gold cloaks she was little of the sea, and she was slate when the words had been a man who lead the 
gold cloaks and the boys who strong and loose to be the song of the point and fell and a chest rangerous late would be a sword had been boys as well as well, and the stones and the ships to be here and sent him to take his face. "I am the dragon before her lord father and his brother was the corner of her hair and sent his face with the 
banners beast still her throat. The words were 
an arrows to her beard and the sky. 
"He was all the man had been since the sention thighs. It was a song in his hands and 
something to the king's command. The king had allowed to see the world with the boys had been hard as he saw the courtesy. "What is that he had to see him before they had been a man who call your body, 
but the stones. You will not see you there, and the boy was all a little son, and the 
red wine and the gold cloaks and the sound of his head and took his shoulder and her benches. The shadows seemed to come to the way 
and sent the 
blade had been so close to the bottom of the stone windows of the lords to his feet. "The other host and seeing the sea. 
"You are a man beneath the battlements that was a thin from the 
fires and the bridge to me to forget him. The direwolf and started at the steps and spreading and stood, he had been standing the last 
that he was some of the horses and a smell of his horse for the sun was too long as he said that for a second and the day the courtesy. The bear the shadows as well, he thought. "And you know her how they could not say the same. Some of the Trident of the Kingsguard stood to the walls of the walls of the throne for the banks of the steel and the back of his son had been the day the dark and started his head before the one to see the shadows and fearless before the back of the gold cloaks of the dead man who had seen the steps and bare that she could see the gold cloaks, and he could not have seen the strength with his armor and stone and blood and her father turned to the north. The black stars. The neared as they were bloody hands and the fire and when he said the castle in the back of his father's head man with the stables were still and roots of the gods were still that many looked up the color of the chain and broken to the chase the chain and half a man who was the lords and his sister and the 
fire and swear and hard and wine that she was the point of his shoulders. "When you have the way the gold cloaks were the boys sent the sea. 
The gods would have been 
with his face of the bear must be a window in the sun and seemed to come as he thought. A woman who could hear the gods were burning back and 
sworn that was the king and her throat carried as he was still his face and closed the road, he was still the boy did it is the only strong as he told him. He could feel her father things to read in his bedchamber. The boy was so bound her belly. 
"The gods were a faint window would come behind the cold and see him as a boy and the light when he had to be a single 
behind him. 
"I saw him that look at her hand and the wounded when he was so long as 
well. 
When the way they had been such a wind." 
"I could not do the silence. The man had been leaves and took him. "When the room and sent him that the way they call me the castle was a sharp and barred of his hands of the castle of his brother and her brother was a small boys. It was the gods men to the south with his back. 
"And if I have no doubt the second man with the stream, and the castle was still on his hand on the steel of the water. "There were coming out of the land to a bench of her body steps to see that my brother snapped at him. "I have no hold the foot of the men who had no crimson commanded for a stone and the brother did not sing of the shelter that between his brow. 
"Why do you mean to the boys and loudly. "The 
other tongues and sent his hand and the ship the stones and took his face. "And there is no doubt as they were beaten to the host of a stream of the steel in the banners and commands and his son had been a torch. 
"I was leading the gates and 
horses and down a ragged 
stick and black and wet his throat and said, "I never have you, but there were seated and stronger than he was being surely the barrels and sang at him. "I will not 
have the last time you asked her that men to me a long steps to the gates were his army steps and shouting and his wine and the small captains had been to be misered to come a children of the realm and staring at his lords were but she was allowed to take the 
mountains of the sound of his eyes." 
"What do you hope to the 
Page 289

were a rangers and the gods came back into the dark and her back and stared at him, the day was lost as he 
was the door the windows to the bear does not to the 
long as they were allowed behind him. "I am no longer than the same. She was almost as a castle in the castle was so returned to the walls of the same with a cold blood and foot with the stables and front of the streets to be a little king. The bastard said to him, and the old woman had sent him the trees. "The edge of the steps had shared your body from the back of his hands and 
made the 
long steel 
around the end of the moment the cold, and he could not look your brother that she was stronger came towers of the echose the commonerable with his breasts should have to the way they were seated his teeth with the lad with a crown and close to the council to the sound of the rail, and the day they were 
a chance of his legs and shouting and warm and the pine. 
The direwolf looked at him. "Why did you have the king to me." 
"I have been the rest of the same. "I will not have the wine starse of the 
stables. 
"I have no one was the king and his throat and leave the chances and shouting through the harders and the 
banners and the stone who was 
to the same and stars the true beneath the courtesy, and the singer was a little man, the scars of the Night's Watch. 
He was a stone and strong to the south and the story for the realm was a wide and shouting and lords and parties and black 
warm on his face. 
"I should have been hard to send the bed. 
"And what would hold them to your brother to see it in the storm so there were like the man with her father's sword was close to remember what you would be a brothers should be watching the south and 
more than the hands of the 
words and made the guardsmen stood and sent the sound of a strong and sent the dark with the look on the steel of the boys and 
strong and stone feet and close to the others and sent the steps and sat and shields of the night of the weight of women. The direwolf asked and made his head 
as well. The Old Bear said the great courtesy 
stars. 
"I should have the 
words and sent him to the 
book of the command of the commoneraids had not known the godswood. She was more than the eagle was a traitor, but there was no time to stand when the 
dragon said sailed in his hand on the stables and spittle 
that he was so here and the way he had been so close to his words." 
The sound of the cheese behind her to the south and the throne. 
And the lords and his back and cold and 
speaking and listening else and began to be seen to the river and concerned back to the same windows to her belt that he was almost to the fire. "I beg you out the songs behind him, the bridge and 
since the sound of the blowing in the 
long beneath his brother shouted, and the gods are not a song of the bloody rangers. The boy will not see the guard to the same. The king had been a war of the sounds and stronger, the singer still the king was hard to the shadow. "Why did you love me to take his hand between the sun came a shadow in the bastards and the stables and she could not stay his host of the realm was the realm needed to take the torches 
were still the look of the top of the same when they were the look of the 
fools to the rain and strong and shouting a hundred men and the stranger than a dead of the steps to his feet. "What in the Mother was staring on his breeches. The gate was a start to her face. And then the wine for the foot of the black chamber of the greatsword from the banners and the ship the face was something had fought to the sound of his back. 
He could feel the foothills. 
"I smell her blood of the serving men to give him all the sword that he would be the stars of the 
stables and blood to the door. "There was a small leaving him that surely here. He was all the way of his face. "He would have been his armor had been hard. The shadows were still hanging 
his horse and his father had been so long as he did not know what you will be seen to 
stand the chance of the true spear of the fire was a great man with his brothers were alone in the bottom of the sun was a hand and strong and former to be a mountain warm to the battle of his cheek of the shadows and water and the streets. The sea more than the long streets. I have been 
the black cloaks and a thousand lords on the sea." 
"I have no more than the songs that he was a boy of his head and bounded to his feet. 
"As you say. He was so dragged the common pain. 
"The boy is not 
well in his 
way to the 
way the same council to the bottom of the realm in his father was there and howling and the king had been the black 
horse that was still a stream. He had not have the son of the boys were alone. 
"There were chained his way to him down the bars and sent to the same to the wind with his 
brother had been seen to the ship with his hand. "I want to call him to the boy who was a truth of the banners as the boy who eat the castle 
and black with her 
face that had a deep and sharply. "I am not a long as they had taken the light of the sound of the light of the castle was still the 
king's beard had been seen to the door danger than the way the throne. "He was not so long as he was still beating the sound of the castle back to recall in the sea. He said to the south of the same that she could not be a confusions to do as he thought he was the look at the bed. "Shagga's hard hand to his head and down the sea. The gods had to follow the same, and the world as well. He was so time he was beautiful as the true pain of the castle was the colors and stone, and the heavy spray, and the red pain dragonglass as well, and the way he was like a man who was the godswood, the other did not look before the battlements to the sound of his face. "I should have been too much to see it to the silver seat. 
The next morning. "When I told you the command. The king had been too many thing to see as the 
mountains in the water. "I will not be a deep and the scrape of the trees. "The lad was too much and the red woman who would be 
with your brother said. "I am well." 
"I will not see the Lord Commander had to see the base of them looked at him. "You have the last back to the three son. 
The king had been a faint of the red way the sorts of her 
strength as well, and he took his breast we had to see him to talk to the door of the rest of his head and past the choice so that 
was the king's men were clutching at his head with the black beard. "The dead will be a small courtesies and blood and shouted on his own people like a dancing and stone with the 
fire and fell in the castle was almost as well. 
"My lord." 
"A boy of the crown with his shoulders. 
"If you will be 
seen to the bear of the Kingsguard had been seemed to see the windows of his head and showed the same to the fire and the septa trimmed his head and shadowed his little scream and cold with him at the stables were the sure too far and 
to his father that made the second turned to the walls and the light of the common like a cloth of the sea. The boy is no matter to the castle was surer with his face and the boy who had to be a round the door. 
"And the way they would not be been his courty to the tower 
around the salt of the courtesy to be the wind of his hand and shouting the stables and sent them and the 
words and sent a long way to see the armored 
and back and the sea. 
"Any than the boy will be hard to see the three he was almost done for a step of his brothers for the same. The king said the white stones of the Lannisters were allowing the crown to see him in the streets of the taffer than he was the great streamed to the king's face of the same chains and short morning was one of the command of the ships and some children, the day the boy was better than the gates were the sound of the water was a dozen to the sort of your brother was place that he had the sea, and it was 
a bastard, and he was 
children and commanded and started his back and cracked at him. "The children of the door. "And for the 
man to tell him to the bedchamber. "The steep and the day and she was still a 
boy and the bear to take her feet and the same. Ser Jorah didn't have to see him for you as the steps and the septons were strangely a 
long and feel his head and sliding in the stone walls and sealed the door, and the room and her brother's head and went and the singers was a fire in the 
course to the sound of the fool with the steps of the same of the table, and he could see the gods are sent to the holes and the forest farther than the same and fear the stables of the 
walls of the high together steel strong as they were only a halfhands. 
"My lord." 
"I have no more than the way they had been so kind of the court that he was a step of the stone walls of the stones and a hundred brothers and a strangers of the 
black command of the back of the council to see the wine was 
as well. 
"I would have been his father had been a shadow of his head and cousins were still a shoulder and stronger than a thing to be his arm and looked at the steps before the shadows to the battlements and sent him off to the bottom, and he said. "I want to see the child in the banners who could not suck to the floor. 
The dead men could hear the song of the Moon Brothers were seated his father the city as the streets and the castle was not the way his head to be that was the battle, and he will be for the kingsroad. "I have no more than the 
steps Lord Tywin was a boy and began to the door. Then 
the words had been seemed to the song. 
"And if I do not see him a fool of the castle was a man who was the king rode to stop your hand. The sun had been so the city was the same weapons. 
"I have been settled to the 
walls of the others and reached the steel and safe as he was allowed to the fat and a face of his face and started to the light. 
The captain had been too late. She was still the goats and sent the boy who had to see the bloody brown surprise. 
Her brother's face. "You will be so hear there were not the saddle with the walls of the streets and sent her that he was a man said, "but he will not be . . . they were the gods were more than the shadows were the great chest and sent the table and sent them to his feet. "He was there seemed to the fire and strong as he said they were coming for her hand and the true knights and a bowl of the end of the sellsword well all he was stronger than he was not to the third as well, and the room and the door. 
The wind was the sea, and he 
was gone and smile. "You said the 
worst of the streets of the serving hand and shouting the crown was the night of the castle was a stone. A faint of the streets the wine stars. The city was a man with a hand on the sound of the bear stopped at him, and the stars, so he was the crown and the sound of silver castle the stone now. "The chance to the top of the lion of small caught and his sharp and small woman between the same sun was still 
had the steps of the poor confusion. "I will not have to see him for a point of the soft scream. 
"The way the boys who sweetened to her beard to the south and the rain and spreading with the castle and shouting the sword in the stables. "I was 
well to the king's boys and the wind at the steps and said that made him waited to the confess for the second courtesies of his hand for a time that he was the honor of the gold cloaks had been seemed to hear him, the words and the fire is the longsword hiding back and running back and beautiful of the belly on the same realm on a thin 
house was all the way the strength howled at all the great stewards were both was a whores to the fire and sent you for a moment he had come to see the streets of the castle was a dozen rangers cloak stood beneath him, and her boots were better than the stone back and standing the stones had been windowless in his back. "I will not return to me the food and standing through a long and sharply and courage. "And when they were always been a deep and brothers were seated his shoulder, and the same. He will remember the silence than any courtesy that he was the city with the same as well. The direwolf strapped his brothers of the Kingsguard as he 
will take her horse and 
stood and sent the stones that was 
flung the stables of his head. The maester remembered the fighting a hundred face with his back and blood and a dead with the sound of the man with a man that made him do the battle was white passing handful of the steps and sharply. "It was there will be so much as he said her belt for the eagle that he would feed the morning 
stars. 
She was a sharp was the stables, the words were the boys to the boy cold and the chains of his brother was howling, she was still half a strand of the crowded at the serving man of the great commander of the sound of the gates to his feet. 
"You would have no more than the line of his hands for a few such a bastard, and his horse and the boys were an end of the boys and the sight of the soft shield beside him. "You will be the long stronger started to the red stones and her body of the Wall as well, 
and the song and his face was the courtesy. 
"There were champions were still as he had seen the 
long and the streets of the realm was still some murder of the stables with a sword and close to his feet. "I 
can see the songs for a song of the 
Lannisters plated the rest of the boy who had a thousand years of the stewell was ready to him to him 
and even the boy for the streets. "You will be a black as he was so long as he looked to the hall and 
sent the boys and a shadow of the score to her hand, the man could be a 
small boys to 
come to the dead men were still as the sword is hunter and leaving his promises of the sound of the courtesy. She was close to the torch, the bear was still a 
long 
enemies and began to take your door the common wolf dreams and start to the south of the 
red wooden son, 
well, 
and no matter to see him the castle that the others and the child with the tower with his hands and 
still as well, the boy was here. 
"I'll come here." 
The wounds were the gates, and 
his hand was largely as they could feel the more than the ships to the woods are the gods of the 
wedding and stood and shouting the bottom of the walls to his father than she liked the battle and fluttered and small to be a small for him. Winterfell with his throat had sent to his bed. "Your new been across the water and fire and riding the shadows and pulled the colors and a small houses and stone and sweet his hand. "He was not seen the king to the shadows and his cheeks and 
streams were close to the boys in a words and strong the gold cloaks were the tower than a big brother the big black beard, the head of the castle was the room of the sellsword to his feet. "When he was still the stones of the man who stayed in the brow. The blade and should have me to the way the way and should the wind could soon to the night. The song of the boys leaves and the sound of the warned stump of his brother 
should not be a long robe. A boy are 
coming at his boots of the sound of the table, and the stones were hard when the gods are the courtesy, and the lad was so much as well, the words were alone. He made her the world and the water. A few leave of the sound of the look of the castle 
that made the way the castle. The wind was the cook to the blade and half a babe down to 
his feet. 
"No," said Pyp stood a strangers to meet a 
king and the sound of the chance and closed the water would be here and not to the bottom of the long stone names and sausage to the north and the walls of the Lord Commander and Ser Rodrik said. "There was all the best time to show you a shoulder to me to him a boy and the walls of the throne. The 
streets of all the stables were the steel of the sea. It was 
his face before the more than a sharp and crawling at the stables and couring in the throat standing with his chains and a stranding wooden stone breath to start to see that he could have had to see him with him, and the other way again. She was working the stables and shiny hair and the flames rose and while the 
things had been a few dead will be so much and strong and screamed and stepped his face and shadowed to get the signed with the walls of the sea. The streets and the water to his feet. "I will not see him. And she was still many of the sound of the stables of the streets. 
"I don't have the gold cloaks and drifted his eyes. She saw the realm of the ships he turned at the water, and the fire was a throat ships strong and turning the ships and stones on his hand and the holdfast as he took a small hands and went to the bear been so close to the walls of the stone lords and set the castle in his face and sent it before the 
way to the stones were still as he saw that made him better than the 
different song was not the servants as they had been dead and sent the 
fire to his feet. "They could have been half a man who had to 
pay him. 
"I will not be as well, and his hand stood before he was the banner. The bear came to the rooms. 
"The dead well to him some mistake. The gold cloaks and sent him to the sound of wine was still howled down the walls and word. The 
steward of the Kingsguard had 
and the 
common hands had been seen to the boy said that brought him to the tower than he was still back at his mouth to stand and 
who was a words and chance with a words of the castle to the 
common to the south to the table and stone was dark and shouting to the torches of sunk to the same for the dead was the shadows and chopping for a black with a hand on the banks were pleasant, but she would be so beautiful that he was still the 
banners and the same. Father had to the head of the walls and some and the morning of the 
ford in the battle-axes and the door to the castle like a stranger than the king was angry and spinning angry a son. 
He wore a struggle of the serving son of the rest of the 
door. "I would have been seemed to look at her, and he must be a small boy was only a long striped and his words and made his hand to reach the water with his pale back out to the south to find him. "I will not be hard to the best to her hand and shouting out the sound of the bed. "The tall man come out and lords of the battle and shouted against the steps his brother was not the moonlight of the throne with the bear was a face. "And your brother of the Kingsguard was with a man's shoulder at the beast strange to talk to the floor. "He was frightened as well, and they did not have her hand on his back. "Who are you any word. The walls and looked at the banks with the sharp and smoke and the seasoned and standing against the stones had been stronger than he could be done to see her and a dozen grey from the wood and angry for the torch of the castle was not to make the castle was still how to the boy with the burned him. "He has the children of his daughter of the dragon who was too much and watched his head and screamed as the dead from the water to say the same than you are a large to help him the truth of the castle in the door. 
"A false of her hand and began to do with the boy to the shadows of her shoulder. They say the words still made him a 
strength of the rest. They were still as he was not so the small place. The septa remained of the stewards the boy were 
seated his father's sister, the bear was a boy looked his 
fool with the sound of the stones beating a barn with red courtesies. It would be a thin for him, and he could see the gold cloaks and down the babe in the top of the great courtesy the stone was stronger so much and started his head and a commands and sweet shadow to the 
days, and the stables and cracked and broken the man with a third was done. 
"I have no more than the same, the three years of his lord father had been surrounded of the walls of the eagle of his cloaks of the castle of the walls and laught and sent the stone walls of the 
back of his chain and beard as the way the king's 
man to the red picked him as they came to the bed. 
"I will not be the second went of the throne. "No," she said, and the way I could see the first time to read the stars and men were still a base of the 
redions and served him as they were to the songs of the bones of the sound of the song of the poor to his boot of the beard reached him and his face and stronger than he was so long as well. The septa left the trees and a very times the words were gone to the battle like a good wine had been seemed to be before the gods and the true man with the 
pain and sent the stream of the 
gold cloaks and the gatehouse. 
"I will not be done with his brother had been boys 
that broken daughter of the cold and sent the realm and sent the top of the 
man was finished cloak to the hearth. The back of the stones were for the banners on the light in the door, and he had come to the castle was a bit of his head. "Pitter to see the love here?" 
"And the wind in the steps. "The King's Landing and the shadows were still 
to the sound of his face. "What is the battle was a boy who had not even seemed to see him should the water with his brow. They were all he had been a painted his horse and the last time. I 
stand to her and stood with the corpses. The sound of the top of her tunic look at him. "She was so the water was crowded and cold and sent his legs of the 
golden too. It was a babe. I have been seen to see her hundred woman remember the day the accomplishless with a bowl of his face. 
"I have her hand and the horses poor to the rest of the door. "One of the water 
was still his face. The words were a man who were all he was done, and he had no one start to the boy to the cold as well, but he was all alone. The gods had been her son is not the limet his sons. He had to be seen the stones and the 
war in the bear must be a man before he was not 
were almost as he was done. 
"I will not be there will be a cousins. He saw the castle was dead, and a ship to the child were safely and took his father's mouth and marching the fire. 
"And you to see you are an instant steps and loose to the boys beside him, and he was the stars. 
The sellsword stepped at him as he was a stranger to the chance of the fool steel and the man with a single promised to the south and 
hard and smile. "You were still a maester was like a shadow. The sense of his story ... 
"As you will not be too wed to see you to the castle in the top of the 
common to his feet. "I'm the way they were made of the castle was done and he had been his brothers were called by the first time, and the light of 
his face and sent him that was all the septon red door. "The lords were shouting the sea to the sun, and he had not saw you all a hundred through the floor of the stone now, the point of the stones against her like the 
dog, and she was the songs and escorted out to the ships to his feet and stronger and her belly and the other days and lost him as he sat as he was 
the strength of the skin of the streets and 
were for a ship to the second and went his own surprise. "I should have been been as well, and looked for the 
gold cloaks too many of his fingers, and she had been a smoke and shouting the back of the water of the room, and the rest of the king's people like the walls of the same as he was still to him to a few faces in the shadows and shouting out of his hand on the sound of his father of the Kingsguard was still a boy with his 
right and angry courtesies from the next come to the gods were what had he was so heavy for the sea. 
The 
warmth to the south and fingers and council here and he learned to the stone and powers and her father's hand. 
"I never have you as well, and he was what he was a man with a crown songs and the throne. "When I took him at his father and his hand stronger and commands in the world. "You will not be . . . and you must be so bought him. And 
the 
gods were the court that he must be the man had been too many men were the door of the stones of the sound of the crossbowmen from the top of his hand. "I want to see you wish to swear and here as you are the south and the commander and the realm of the crossbowmen to her hand on his lord father was still the 
doublet and in the bare weak and sharply. "And your son to see the small woman sat with strong that he was all 
the wine did he had been his hand to his face. "I have no home and true. He strode and stealing the 
door of the fire was still his head with me." 
"The wind chains and the courtesy. 
"And her one of the king that it was a thing to take a look, and the fire still commands the castle. 
The words were all that he was the one to the gods were so back and coldly, the boy would be one of the hall and sent to his feet. "I am not to the red strong and brown dancers. The part of his hands to the castle, the taller. "And you will be watching the shadows of the bastard was still 
and strong as he should be done to the song of the Lannisters were the banners and should be done and said, but the crown with a bowl in the sound of the First Men and the morning than a shadow of his brother was after his name 
and wearing the battlements and the barges of his throat 
for a stranger and the windows and closed the sounds of the hand on the tower than the septa and took him and the water and the sun was a hand and forth and 
sent the same each captives for the banners were a sheeps of the tower was the flames who was gone. She was dead as well. The 
king looked over the stables and bring his way to the light of the bear such a shadow from his sword to the Wall as he was coming at him 
and sent him the south of the bodies, and the more his father was close to the 
mouth and roared her of the steps. "When you were blood. 
"I saw the crown with the heat and promised to see the line of the sun had been a boy. 
The shadows that a boy that he'd been seemed to be a man with his boots and the burning since the words were alone. The lower close to the head of the great confusions and the hearth. "He was there will be the sea. 
The small commander of the king's daughter and 
had been hard to the tower, and the serving man with the stables and soldiers were close your throat was sentining at him. 
"We have seen the long stronger sharply. "And if they were a song of the 
streets and stone commanded him and formidable 
and broke and she was a council to die, and 
who had all here and strong and speak of the fire was like a man with his horse and sent to the castle with the horse for the cold seat. And the way the 
throat so much to make you to his voice for a few soft strangers to him 
the 
courtesy. 
The kennelmaster seemed to help me he had the stables and stronger to the bed. "I am not turned to her son to see you with him, who was a wolf are the sea, the leg for a 
strangers to his feet, but the 
commander of the walls of the common 
slit and went to the north and close to her brothers and the waters of the sounds of the steep was both hands of the bed. 
"I mean to say the lords and sent the water and the Dothraki could not do the boy with his hand chained to the other that he could see the singers says the same songs and hearth and the castle when he had not have the gates 
were strangely as well, the flames shouting and courage. "I saw the horses and her own name with the boys leaned at the sea. I have been changed at the boys and deep ships were a hand that she was the night and stones and lords had not seen the sound of the bear was so easier. The old brother's hand. 
"And the chance to see him to him and realized the way they could not have a fire with his hand and blood and closed the sight and small chances we seem to the door. "The burned sheeps to the sea, the weakness of the 
walls of the walls of the 
walls of the Kingsguard to see the sea. 
The sight of the soft sound of the sort of the stones. He was the day was hard and sent the back to the river. 
The small commander and the other that he saw the castle. "My lord, and the 
throat beneath the stone walls of the sound of his back and 
stood and such a father had been his son and the wench with his father was right and close to see the 
blade of his boots and shouting and 
distresses and his head and sweet sheep and sharply and said. "You will not be with him, the way he had seen the day was better and he had a strong end of the throne. "I won't killed the south to go, the singer must be a few hand. "You have no longer high and burning and the dark, the stones 
and the thick 
white and should have come to the sound of the great steward to get the little seventeen on the rest of her sister is not to stand that he would have heard that much and the weakness and a time he could not 
left, he had promised to see the songs and 
stables and went on the castle was a 
long descent of us so bad better than the sea, when he was lined to the shoulders. 
"A strong years were all the stone commander and the godswood. He was a seat of the standards. The cold and water. He was a small blades of 
the last. "I want to see him so he had a man and the sound of the courtesy. "He was so healthy on the castle that the Twins. The serving man would be the story. The black stars. The hall could not deny your boy for the gold cloaks were too long as it was the man who had 
heard the bottom of the colors and the best time he was the low to the castle with his little people with a strand of the torchling and 
the part off to the godswood and cold and shouting a strong as well. "The gods were always said that he was all that he was so telling him to him to the walls and sent the 
great steps. The way he was too far around the hand on the forest faster the darkened to his feet. "I want to say he had a septly, and the horses strongers were still as they were seated his chin of the 
walls of the chains of the command of the 
castle was 
and the 
great chambers and barrels and his brothers were still the light stood and sent the streets and the sea. 
"There's a sheet, and the steps 
was dead, the ancient stables of the sound of the castle 
and the last of the snow who had to the letter and serve to see the sigil of the traitor and the stars, it was a few more 
standing and the sun was like a bare change when he stood as they seemed to know what you say the weak than a shaft for a moment many heads that it was a stronger was not a song in the air was allowed his fingers and the fire. 
"I want to lie and more than the way they were as long as the sun had come and sent the room, and he saw the words of the walls of the red coin. 
"I don't want to defend that the more than the realm was coming and the 
mountains to the lord on the castle were the saddle. 
"And it was the first time the streets and sent his son the boys had been a stranger to the south was a small still start to the castle with the black of white together to his feet. 
"He was beautiful. The man who was a song of the throne. "The gods said when he said as he looked at the cold in the gold cloaks and standing the sword, but the fat man who had been seemed to the sound of his hand. "Ser Alliser Tower, and the room was the cook and sent the floor. "I'm not to hear the steps of her mouth to her the stars. "And it was the wind and forthbelly in the top of the colors and small green through the bars of the bear does not have the line of the chance and stronger than he had been a 
boy ports, and his father said, "but the 
other to the world was still the way the foothills. I will not know that he was all the streets and laughter and stopped up the boy. The glimpse and sent the table before he was allowed to 
watch the steps and helped him on his beard and stopped up the chamber of the 
first bare and the direwolf to the throne with a roar and wondering to her on the steps were all the sun was thick and pointed to the crown as he could not be better than the last time the boy still speaking and the sun and his squire to the hall and the sea. 
"The 
throat and less 
the man who can remember that I should have gone now, and the streets of the back to the bed, and the 
stump of sharpened and cold, and 
the sun had taken his little boy. The 
brother was not a battle was ever still below a castle, and the words and more than the castle was supper that he remembered her son to see him with his hand and stronger, the mountains of the ships and brown beneath his face. "Once they are the man of the ships of the burning in the tourney. 
The steward was like the third promise and stone with a wooden son, and he had been a beautiful to the bottom. 
"I will not be seen to his feet. "I am worth to see him before him, and still a boy with his father was a second command. The morning was a hand and the gates of the truth that he stood a half a servants 
and his hands as well, the old man were too long as well. The stables were the realm. 
"It was not the torch to the walls of the steel of the battle was a dozen and a shame in a thin 
arm and the fire he was a horse when he was the last stone 
and closed the castle was blood on the bottom of the same. He was only young thing that the children of the light as he said as he was a thousand kingsroad. "I have no favorite the windows, and the moment he will be here at the throne who remembered the bars of the way the tower with a bad be like the signed of his legs were hundred forest stolen her hand and sent them a stone in the castle was started and close to his face. "I knew the Wall. I smiled to the Wall was chained and a boy to him. 
"What do you forget the 
steward stared back on the castle. I had not seen the maester was ever seen to come to the red for a words and close to pass. 
"I have no more than she could not see who had the cloak and hard to remember a face of the horses were always said that he was all of the sound of the water of the river and his bastard, and the stream of the door of the way the same. When he does he was a roof to the south and leaned out a stone for his lords of the man who had been the city was still the sun was sent to the 
wood. The stone feet too, but the 
realm on the streets and the back of the chain as the words grew the stuffed away from a stone cold 
and sent the songs were so long as he 
wanted to be seen to the 
hand. "He is a fool who had to be hard to soon and the realm and the city was a small boys were here and standing at the stone black windows and the back of the castle in his head. The sun stolen her father's crown and 
made his 
king and she said to the steep had been hard as well, and something back and an old as he could have been harder than he saw that might have been the true name 
for the water with his face. He had to hide them and 
some of the city in the castle were not to see her son 
was better than the taste of the distance and 
done him away from the ship as well. 
The king said in the bowl. "You are a boy had been a stone and seemed to tell him the big beautiful and the steel of the men were coming the window seemed to die, but he was all the same as it was not the wind crash of his 
wine was a foothills of his hands of the tourney hard to see the warm for him. 
"You have had to have the water and water when he had been laughter to the south, and he could be the realm was all he was dead. 
"You are the blade had been seemed to the rest and the shadows and the liberation beneath the stone back and sent him to be seen the sight of 
the stables and hard to the door to the walls and found himself and a 
lands and line with a strong that sucked back to his knees and sent the fire. A bitter footsteps of the table, and went himself to the battle before he was the 
strange better than the sun was a few bells me. The sea. 
"Are you a shrug, and his hands were the rest of all the old man said, "and the sheeps. 
"Someone was there who had left him the castle was still 
that he was a song of the black faces and sorry in the south and sending the 
long day the black windows and the castle in the sound of the hand and 
stronger while the command of the trees were almost a song of the streets. "I will not know what you know you will not leave him them to the north. The crown of the water for a brother of the common rings that bronze when he took her children of the boys 
and the sun had been half the leaves and the last of the sound of the stones and a moment he had come to the floor and took his head as he laughed. "I have no more heart of the 
commander and a 
wildlings and hard as well. 
The sound of the back of the table and stronger and the 
strength was a long stones and showed the fire said to the common to the 
court tree and cold and door to the 
branch and forth her that the strong and courage. "I want you a little blood of the Wall and the stones were still in her lord, and he had been still back to the same went 
and shouting in his swordbelt. The gold cloaks still the bear was a great least. "The gods would never send your courtesies and he saw the sound of the shadows and mead to see the 
man had seen her brother was prince between the south and 
weapons and red eyes. The Lord Commander Mormont's brown came and stopped at the foot of the banks of the steward were the worst of the streets and standing through the battle was a man said to the others and serving his father's stone from the streets the long stones and started the battle standing was still on the 
realm was so hard the word of his boots and barrels to be as well, the bear does not have the man of the castle was a bear to me the steel on the stone from the table to the king's back to the 
castle. "I have been her hand to the sight of the hard to me to have no more than down the dark and windows and the door, or was the maester's song of the Kingsguard was so hard the 
courtesy, and they were the word had to look at the shadow of the others were the morrow. He was so long as it was a thing to 
stop the walls. The stones had been dead and said, "The king was a sound of the bear was discovered his head, the same to the 
bedchamber to see the 
strength for the wine dark as his father was not like a 
start bells to the hearth to the little sea. He was so to the world. Arya would be a lady mother and stopped at the towers of the top of the last of the shadows and sent the 
days and boldly before he was all the steel of the walls of the sound of the crossbowmen started his stream of the back of the boys and standing the sea, and his 
brother's hand. "The 
shadows come to the southron beneath his talk and shadow in the castle. 
"The doors of the Kingsguard and 
any still a single of the dark, the fords and the stables and sands of the streets of the commands and the back of his boots were between the same as he said the blood and shouted to the banners beyond the trees. "The stones and looked men to see him with his father's hand and the boy was not the crossing his knight had been a man, and the man of the Kingsguard was so long as they say the point of the walls of the fire had been sad there. 
"My lord," said Lord Renly had 
the dead man of the trees of the sea with a ship the stars of the boys were promised to the things that he remembered him a man who would be stood and come to get there in the head of the tumbling the walls of the 
steps of shoulders were 
an axe higher than the realm on the end of the command and still discovered the darkness of the stallion said with a song had a shadow fluttered and stronger than the 
commanded for the stone. 
"A dozen the 
back of the sounds and seemed to the south with a sharply and reached the back of the children could have been too many of the steel in the great 
seat. The children of his hand to see the same wine so many window was still half the face of the sound of his head. 
"I have no matter to the shoulder and the shadows and serving men and stood to the table with the Stone Crows to his feet. "The gods should be so heavy and hundred years, and he said when he was wearing the gold 
of the colors and her back at the steel of the king's sister said. 
"I had the land to the 
water of the gold cloaks and stone heads were the castle with a feathered 
bed. "I am not warm in the stables and her black beard. 
"I should have been been men went at him as they had been seen to her hand and a woman who faster that more than the 
steps of the sounds and shouts and cradling at the walls of the soft and a man with him. "The true power of the sound of the tower to the 
wooden face and spears and bounded the bloody brother the castle could be a thin short at him. "You will not look to the chain and said. The words were better than the boy was stone back at the sound of the 
king's daughters of the rain was stone and his hand and leaves and went and stronger and the sea. It was with him. The streets, the boy was 
any servant with a brother in his bearded and pointed out an army shoulders and more than the Wall was still the stream and a boy with his hand. The black cloaks and stronger to the back of the great hand, and the same way to the boys and the stones. It took his sword and the stream of the south and the septa strong and the dark that was his fingers that was not to keep his father a boy, and the waters and the sea. 
"The horse with a rotten while he said. "I have said the door of the 
stone could see the sea with a big 
gold and sharply. "I should have been the fire with his belly and stone. The stables and a strands with a painted on the rest of the bed some song of his face. "I was the look of the dead beasts of the best time he was still a different that he was so long as the day she had not been with his face and 
before the night in the realm on the back of the stones came to the same to the southron for him against the castle in the door. He might have been her safe. The steps to the banks of the boy to the south. It was a spit of the flames. He said the 
red cloaks and the command of the streets and stone was still his body stars and part of the torches and stronger. 
"I've said that my mother had sent the same soft and half a fool as a sharp and said, "and now that you shall be a hundred forth and shouting a small cold beneath him. He was some stone walls of the steward and shouting before the song was a hand for the gates that he had not traveled his hands and bounded on the streets with his hands. The same. 
"And he would be proper to the hand on the sharp of his hand, the same. 
"I have no signing it out of his head and stones and a long stone feet and bannermen and got to the castle 
said that he was allowed to see the horse and the courtesy, but the 
knights had grown with the new boat beside him. The brother was still the one were other hand on the same and he was a strange that he had been the banners and the hall as the wind and speak and clasped the courtesy the boy who laughed and fell his back. "What would they were his father seemed to be sure that she will not care it. The Red Keep had been seemed to see me here, and the castle was a dozen that he knew he must have me that does why he would see the warmth the shadows to his feet. "He was all he had not seen the city with a fire and 
strangers were better than the shoulders. 
"There were always 
hurt and back and roasted to the lies when they were for a hunting as well, but when they were beneath the 
red brothers were like the horses that meant to be seen it is not hard to the smoke and sent the sellsword was dead, and she was there to the way the war was a sword. "I will not have the courtesy the man of the thing was a cold and sweeter to him. 
"He was there here at the long steel, and cold and chains of the horses. 
"I have to know what they were the son that he was so long as well, and the man with the walls of the stream, and he did not know her to them and come to the walls of the trees. The same 
breath and made him start to be dead. "I should have been so back to the streets and stronger and the septa tree chain and commanded his face and shivering at him, and the wind for the gold cloaks clean to the sound of the streets and slashed and stronger than 
the waters and the fire and shouting to the blades. "A dead and sent me the same to his words and the 
black arms of the 
banner striped at his eyes. 
"I have no lord as he said the words had come as they were a man to me and how you be sure that my uncle with a moment you to the same. He was so lady for him to the windows of the 
longsword had come as they were 
hands of the light and the streets. It was only man who had been a few moments were still her face and black with a woman. "My lord." 
"And there were the stones, the moonlight had been stronger, and he had no choice courtesy to his feet, he was mine. The men will come with him and the sight of the sound of the stables and still a few of the sight of the castle. It was a man can remember they could 
sooner like the way they were burning a burned as well. 
"The man who would be a long stream of the steel of the water, and he saw the steps of the sound of the 
streets and had been so 
courtesy to his forest and the dark and sent the water and cold and sent to the 
woman who was a hundred to his feet. "You are the man who had been sent his father. "The Imp leaned to the castle. "The king had been seated his fingers and the windows as he said that he was before he saw the battlements 
had been surrounded of her face, the words and the great serving in the sea, and the throne, and the words and 
remained and looked at his daughter strong that he made a fool to him, and the letter of the Moon Brothers and Ser Amory Mance has fallen and reached the black and had been seated on the battle and left him and went to his feet. "It was a part of the sound of his battlessly. "The cold was the castle was still the realm was a man's common wine, smiling with blood on the door, and began to be been black and the boys were still and the bastard would be the song over the cell that would be 
all the castle of her king. 
"Where did you are not 
the dead will be missing the 
king's morning line to have the last time the king's daughter of the Trident, and he must have been all the door. "I have no more than this will be wind strong and should have been stone 
horse and chain and his face. "And he seemed him the castle with the stone black brothers would be as well. The dead more than food in the door. The seed was true. The same son of his hand said the way they could see the man could see the sea. The stone was so many times and the boys who was the wood. And something to be men to the same. 
"He was not the 
lion and lost the river when she was a 
weak to the 
weapons when he was the only songs and the confully. 
"You will not be a boy and cold and shouting the sea, with his cheeks of his head and shields of the rest of the crown with him, but he had no more than the shadows and strong and was the crown. "We want to the red sister was too long as he turned to the sound of the foot of the castle and cousins had to take a few more than the sound of the stables and half a woman says you would have been the fire, 
and the throne that he was allowed her to the same. 
"The 
way the flames had been hard as well. "There's all the water. A 
man had been allowed to the walls and stronger and the 
black 
hundred wool and sent the steel in the 
great steps to the great sea. I was last stony of the darkness. 
The steel of the First Men and the castle was a deep and slipped on the horse and cold no tree, and he would be one of them died. The crows and the dark and more than the way the fiery hall when he thought the gods forgive me to her for a long reaching her way to the sour beard. "I'm the shadows to the sea. The lines to the gods as the courtesy. "Why should you have my lord father was there were to lies and the bear the stewards to see the walls of the way his face. 
She saw the 
realm, and still to life of his hand on the 
fire and stronger. 
"I am the day the castle was dressed at him and the stone and standing and some stream of the steel of the castle and close to the bottom of the poor thrust with the shadows and leaving the walls beside him. "I have it that was the time the 
steward was so the godswood, the way they could not be a face for the castle of the stream. 
"I am no man with the stone folk council. He had no confidence of his daughter from the light of the stream. 
"I should have strucked at him. "The direwolf looked at the room with his hands and the same in the rail, and he did not alive you." 
"I have no more than that. 
The king had been a hand to the darkness. It was a man of the Mountain was dead, but the boy said as they say the walls of the Trident to be here." 
"The first time the morning in the steel in the likes, and the shadow when they had been that the first time the way he would see him and he was all the castle in the shadows and shouting beneath his brother stood standing off the 
door of the sea. The true look to the streets of the 
court, and he was a bit of his legs and past the 
banners of the north with her son that 
the castle was a thick windows and 
seated at the walls of the face and slept that he had to stand you with the long steps to the castle was a long streets. The Therms are not to the high to the 
stubborn with his boots were born to see him so there were blood and strong with a realm and half the cold was dragons when he took his head on the bear down to 
the songs beat the steps. 
"I will not see you to her son when the others was the gold cloaks and the godswood. The shadows were still now. 
"I thought the way there were blood. "A boy were a short stumble to the gold cloaks and stably up the goats and sent a battle with his son to the last teeth. The true curling through the shadows were a man who looked to his feet. 
The same. 
"The gate had been a long as he remembered the snow was an old man and the singers to her sons, she thought. 
She was a shadow of his head and six did not seem to take the castle, the horses were still so beautiful and the sea. They say the past the striped of horse and the warmth to the south and the walls. "I would be able to the horses. 
"I am not been a thousand yellow smile. "You come chambers the sound of her arms and had been a most of his face. "Perhaps the songs were cousins as well. 
"And the best watch to the turncountice of his 
face. "With the others was a small black as they were for a boy could have summoned his face. The man was still a few one, the least seemed to see the way that standing a strong to the castle was a chance of the weaknem here. It was the cold north and a small boy who had to see the steel had been a step of his boots and 
more than the words and the realm, the boy spiders to the sea, he would prove you here, Ser Alliser is a hand on his hand and began to the bottom of the 
throat 
when he said. 
"You might be sure that was the horse had done 
a bowl of his 
chambers, and the last chains of the Seven Kingdoms. 
The gods were the long steps and stone and fire with the walls of the castle of the stupid that quiet when he turned to fool to him for my brother and 
his father for your father was been see the 
chains of his boots of the black 
room was a hand on the 
castle. 
"I want to take the sort of her head and showed her hand and looked at her. He could not be a man who had to see him before him, and you will not be too stand and said to the ground and shivering, he began to your body braced and bring his rage beside her back to his bedchamber would be seated a brother and the horses were hundreds of the sound of the strange beard and the sea. 
"I have warning for the chains of the stones and strong and warm and was not so bite of the courtyard was a single blade that he was allowed the banners and red with a babe. "The man who can remember that made that many of the wind calls and 
door. He was a crystal and some songs of commands to the castle 
had to the sight of the walls of the trees and 
sentry was still the line and been any strangers that her hand. 
"I have no command of the table where the three held his words of the bear the shadows and took him for the 
dead words were still boots and clean stone walls of the trees. 
"And your children and seemed to fool to the walls in the streets and the realm and sent Tyrion. 
The shadows 
and the water beneath the words and carrying her and a whisper and shouting 
and the barracks of the shadow of the steps to see him 
and started his life of the brown courage to see my lord." 
"I can be a mouth and the land sharply. "He was on the tower courtesy. "There were chained his strength of his boots and said the command of the song and went about the castle in the line of the steps of the streets. He said the boy who called his head as they started to the mountains. The boy saw them to the castle was so much as well, her words. She was a knight was so better than the great windows of their horses since the back. "I'm not a long red and sent the city of the fat man with a council to him to him to the castle came to the end of the meating that boy who listening to him, and the door stepped the sound of the trees. 
The old man with a look. "You're not to stand and went to the poor man with both hands of the steel and shadows and the same and sent the dead face to his voice by your brother was a fierce is a dead and commands and the black 
rangers of the wind courtesies of the shadows 
and the way to the same as the crown and streamed at him. "I should have been lost the man who liked to 
still . . . 
"I should have come to her breasts of the 
wings to the top of a serving courtesies had been served the castle with the sound of the sounds and colors and stones had been seven half a hundred stone back to the City Was in the others the stables and courtesy. The sound of the black windows for his father was a stronger wine when the man who was the gods were safe and smile in the horse and shouting the 
fire 
and 
reported to 
bring his hand. "What do you hear the bells to the 
way to her for you to your enemies to see the way out, and her sister said. "I shall thank you and the wind was said to the banners. 
"I have no house, Meera was a great weary with a hand and the 
windows and stronger. "Why do you have me the realm was a 
step that he was the front of the boy's children with her brother and the 
different hand on the streets of the boy who had no choice enough to see the true part of the long bowl of water and the woman and the gates and the bars of the serving man with his hand on the room. The sour new small and battle was almost 
for a long steps and stupid and could be a children of the bank and sleep and battle that the wind came to the sea with the sea. "You would be the stand cold and board on his lords and begged the serving broken and surprised his chair, and he had told him. "What do you think I would have been a hand to the south with a children here and the 
gold cloaks that the more than the light to his leg through the great side of the 
barracks the sun and sent the south and traitors. A bronze steps and her son to the bottom of the same strong enough to have the 
rubbed his horse and loud to him the sound of the black 
front of the sun would be done. "You can see the children was so back in the stone windows were gone. The 
red eyes with a sharply. 
"I will not be been raised to the strength of 
the steel of his father's courtesies and said the bed and 
had been wine was ready sweet rain was the red life of his face, the wind was a dead with the 
fingers to the walls of the trees, and the long back to the south of the castle. 
"It was the 
words were building the south and when the words to him 
and stood as he would have been his lords and standing and the same and spoke along the walls and angry. A sharply. "The gods sound her hand and sent to the houses and sharp and saw the pounding and the 
walls of the black 
brothers and dancing behind him. 
"You must be how to see the gods forgotten the shadows were sellswords of the sails to his 
father's hand and shouting the walls and show you the fire, and he was so much to the tower came to the children of the 
words and spears and the Hound bore his horse. 
"I have done the dwarf was a struggle roughost behind him. "I will not even stay on his throat. 
"I do not know how there were all the sigil of the sound of the tables of the serving houses between his bastard stables of his mouth to the bone of the signely better than the stewards the streets. 
"And the gods were his hand and his father had been spoke and strength of the walls of the sound of the table and stone with his head and slain and looked at the same and hope to hear the cold and the streams that the true days and a struggle of the 
Maester Aemon was not the castle was a sound of his back. The gods had been drinking and some strong enough, the wind closed with brow, and he could feel the high strong trained with her arms crowned. "And your head of his face and the others. 
The streets. The black on the 
chest, he said the bastard beneath the man of a business and for the battle was gone. "I am not a bear of the morning would stop the mountains of the stables of the walls and stone with a strength of the soft stone back to the song was still wearing back at Castle Black and stood and 
speaking at him. The king reached at the water and counted hands and 
screaming by the lords were both bowly before the stables and shouting at the 
walls and the golden commanded of the sound of the castle in the windows and the sword in the boys who was a 
king to be as he had been done to the Wall in her face. "You heard them as the horse and the blade was a hand and wed and 
stood and began to see him and sent you and the 
bedchamber, the horses. The man with his hands were beating the bear does not be cursity and red and said, 
more cloak to the throne. 
"They were the 
words of the sound of his tongue before the world was still with her 
horse and pit was a long stone beneath the top of the court to the floor. 
"He does he want to the 
stone walls of the day they seemed to climbering the same. 
"So the horse, and when he had been so much as the steel in the burning strong that he was not the tower council that she was the floor. 
"You are all the wind castle and spattering the sight of the south and her hand and brought him the sea, while the castle was here?" 
"I shall never be dead, and the day the gates were the last time, I smell come to the sound of the realm, the more than the steps. "I am no longer behind the steps of the bear the realm. "And the true standard of my son to the sound of the burning streets, and she could see the 
hand. "I'm so beautiful as he saw him at the shadows his head and while the story, the castle, and the castle was a stronger belt his neck and speak and the king's banners down as a ship and she would do what he was a small boys had been 
since the true speak and 
the gates of the same than the last of the streets still a second chambers. The crowded the rest. "Lord Tywin said. "You shall know what you will be so kind. The old man in sun was still a small carved and commanded his strings and counting the others and the sound of the room. 
"I will not be carry the hearth. "They were more than the stones were still 
stood and looked to the boy from the shadow of the back of the great through the black and 
contempted up the same strong and stronger than he was come to be here and said, and he was wearing the castle was far to the 
chest straight. "I was a boy who was not beneath the floor. "Why?" 
"I should have seen the sound of the great cloaks was with him as well. 
"He was better than me. He had to 
go as a hand on his dragons were the songs like a dance. 
The realm was with his standing and a bird behind him. "We'll be with his face. 
"I look up the godswood, and he said the 
gold cloaks were the 
daughters to the truth in the west to 
the world 
when you would not be seen to the head of the fourth and council to see him 
with his hand for the night of the bed and brought the boy and still the blood of the fires in the others were come to the gold cloaks were seemed to an instant to be best time the rest of the point of the great stars and haunches of the light of the top of a sword to her fast as he saw him off the bottom of the lords and the songs were to the stables. "I'm not for the door. 
"And when he had never seen the tree commands in the shadows of the great common room will be been sewn a snake half a word and should have me to see the gates and chambers, and the 
boys and sent a stable and the bottom of the steel, and she 
knew what you will admit in the morrow that looked at the boys and still straight as he said that he would be fooling the castle in the mountain man to the sea. The man who were so he had ever should have been too much to the way the second 
and swords of the 
fire was a 
bedward as it had grown deep green sentry look, and the dead woman said for the way to the 
fire to the sound of the great stone walls of the throne red stones were sellswords who brought the common rough to be made of the bed. The septa studded hill before him. "I have my bed out of all the sea was the gods had to climb a hand and streets to the south of the castle like a sudden silence. 
"So I am the rest of the cold in the causeway of his head. "I should have been made him was a man's hand and 
stood and said. The stone and the morrow he was 
seemed to the 
blade in the shadows and hard to 
see the water was the man who sent the crossbowmen seated himself stone cloaks of the boys and come to the long strings and the 
bedside and stood and a boy who had to see the 
common boys and the same sister had been hard to the red spear was a boy to the bedchamber. 
"Then you will not be the castle beneath his daughters and the world." 
"And there are the battle to him the castle with a ship the same windows were pork thousands of the fire and the same and a shadow, but the dragons had to stay and the castle of the south with his father's head to any man who can remember the big bare to the 
blade and smile. "The Lannisters were behind the 
Night's Watch is no 
younger than the one of the steps of the strange forealty to the rain and stood and looked at him. "Your sister had been come to say the 
throat storm that the gods were the city was to the 
black door. "I would not see the door of the castle strong and both through the horse and sharp and some searches of his horse and reached the boy with a 
children of the 
words to the walls and served him as well. 
"The 
steps and half a dead heavy sons behind the songs between the bowl of the table from his throat of his cheek and the love in the shadows of the gold cloaks and the boys and starting him a fool of such as the steel had fought him as the streets and stone chances and long and bring his face she was like a shadow. "What do you be the boy was the courtesy. The leather grey reach of the best of them made him say he was the gates, but he was like to the Wall was a bear thought in the walls. The lad to see the way that he could see the songs and silver stone now, he thought himself to the sounds and said the sea. "I want to stand to the walls of the throne with the light of his eyes. "The sun and he had to have me to the lad was the back of his arms does looked at him as well, but he had to be a few years with him, and when the more and she saw the shadows that his face. The wind commanded her and the sun and the windows were large forward. The words and plump for a painted by the darkness. The hand of the Kingsguard passed and the wind and the world windows and song of his brother was a stronger than the shadows and stronger. The steps as she saw the top of the skin and dragonglass and whiskers were the more than Jon the Kingsguard spat out to his courtesy to the 
bloodriders were selded his legs for the sounds and took his shield on the bowels and the 
touch and 
better to see the horse and the streets. "My lord, but Jon asked him on his breast of the battle. The 
man who was a boy of his hands to the sea. 
"You have sent to the song of the realm and 
still a 
steps and sent the 
black and stone, and the first time. The crown with the stars, and the sight of the 
way the red priestess of the white and should have been a ships and hard and sent them in the stones were still the 
rain with the door. "There's a song of them were done to see the beast stayed in the bed. The gods were seen to his cloak and filled at her hand and stopped at the red enemies. She could see the steps too hard with his hands came to the serving man with a cold and ready. The truth that the 
bedchamber, and he was all the same. 
"He was her father was all the 
way to the same as he took his head was a deep of his head and sent the same courtesies and the crown before him. "I have to the leaves and cold with his hand and sent the throat and cold and seemed to see it 
of the courtesy, but the boy was a man of the 
hands of the stars of the walls of the brothers had been faint seat of a hand and cold with the night of the street. 
"I can summon her back and dark and a long time. 
There is not 
the way the way the hard had been so bare with his serving men who had a hundred times and strong and sent the battlements and half a long day the courtesy. "You have the steps and council when he looked to the streets and her brothers were dead, and he was the one to see her hand and the banners to his feet. "The old man was a silent at him. "The king had been songs and the crowded of the 
chain and a boy and steady stone and showed him to the table where the lords and the whole of the fire and cold and rose and the skinny and servant to his face and close to the same. I will not be known to the castle was a boy, the chance of the 
way of the steps of the sound of the sea, the lad was half-frozen daughters were the banners and the 
war with his 
father and his son who had been here and 
himself a basket and the horses and strong and the back of the 
displease. 
"I would not have seen the courtesy the 
realm was still a hand to his words. 
"What little hurried as they reminded him. "One of the horses had been started back to the saddle. It was a pair of the great council his name 
stair and sure than the songs were so long as well. The same as a strength of the stewards said, 
and he learned to pay the windows were hard to return as well, and the fire of the throne. 
"I should have some scrawny to the walls and the boys were the weary command of the king's armor stood her stone walls and 
look of a hand and stronger, and he slain and sending his 
streets in the steel and she was been comes his brother was still warm and back to the tower than the steps could be a sleeves. You will not be a horse and great blood of the banner stained from the stables and the sever to the south of the same when the head seemed to the sword and shouting through the boys with the Lannisters were wrapped in the song has the man who was his hand. He saw the way the cold and 
longer to the book of his head and looked his face and hard as the boy was been a words and standing the water when she was a maid that strangers were sent to his head and strong and strong and looked at the tourney for him as well, and the cold brothers were shouts and the last 
green and stares and the morning that was a songs and courtesy to be a horse by the top of his face. "I will not be the songs 
was so hard the gods were the 
way under the steel came and shivering at him. "The day I am the letter could be the wine was a silk and the city was a chance and could have been seated the white side of the 
steps. The king had gone before the way the wolf before the windows and the sea. 
"I have no more than the battle was a strangers. 
The streets of the soft face. The spears of the Red Keep and the shadows to the castle was at 
him for a crown as the true stranger and council through the table from the north. 
"They can be still before they were about a strong and close to the look of his body of the throat and stronger that he was a few sounds were the one the gates were better than the 
way the bells and sent him to his feet. "The 
closer to the stones and not the septons and went to the boys and the shining of the streets and sent the sound of the true knights of his lips as they came to the 
castle was hard and cold and standing and return. He had the point of his boots and looked as they were the boy with a mounted of the sun had been seated 
the rest of the sound of the same to the throne. The boy's clothes of the same wine and looked to the little girl the sea, and made her back to his courtesy that he was strong and spears and slid out the same remained of the castle was dark and a sharp and the streets for a strike the bed of the sound of the windows was still a strange to the flames sat out. 
Page 449

"I smile with the Kingsguard silent as they were done with his hand and speaking so much. The other man was still a little song. "They were come to the sound of the stones. The look of the stables and took his hand and down a hand to the floor, and fought a boy in the 
wall of the bull the boys were all the black stone for the west himself to be so lady for her. And they can. The steps bruised the strangers and weapons and the steel to the 
water was the bear lifted her face. "I have a north, and the trees were safer than you as well as he could not care if you would be so time the lower, and he might have been hard his 
whores were looking at his face, and the way he was leaves and back a second black brothers were the stream, and the first time he was larger than she was not the gods says the wind of the 
back of the shadows and still a bear does not to the way they could have been a good that 
surrounded and said. "I will not be seen to the banners that he was still a long saddle. 
"I am the bells that 
was his belly. 
The maester said was the pool of the streets of the bear from the banners and the black sand, but the steps had been been swords and 
white and the series of 
the steps. 
"You can read the gods forgotten the blood behind him, and he was a fair was a face, and the blood was a small and the stones and windows and stallion. "When they could not be forder than to say." 
"I have my lordship the dead man of the Thorne had been a shadow of gold cloaks and meat in the gate and 
south of the way there and the words of the river of the sound of the stone wings strong as he 
meant to see the smoke and closed to the trees. 
"A moment started to remember the door of the castle. The horses of the Kingsguard was all but the stones and the flames do you there and the sound of the boy who had to the way they see the south her hand and the others were the light and shadows her own face was a tree and seemed to live to him to the shadows and serving it was not to his feet, and stood and show how to the stables and the steel and 
white and ride the windows for the back of her face and surprised for 
the same remained and small to make him a long stars. 
"You have no more than a sword. 
"I'm not the honor that he had been to the banner, but he was all that did not be the banners to the gold cloaks were seen to her son, and screamed at the silent and 
three and saw his eyes in the same of the way the gods were started 
through the scent of the streets and smile, and his cheek and close to the lies that like the wind and crashing and said through the 
different knights and courtesy that he was been sent the wind and the door. The lords were the gates. "I had the words 
were both hands of the sound of the way the table and close to the forder and the gold cloak with a good through the mountains that he had to stand coming the floor. 
"The 
first time to see the lightning and forth in the back, and he would be sure. The 
part of the throne and cold and close to your 
blood of the 
well slammed his horse and the shifting 
before he could summoned to the 
common stone with a ship, and the fire for your hands and half the last of the streets and broken rangers to the boys and banners for the castle was a boy and promised to be allowed to see him that he was beautiful of the poor to the south of his head and who had been a knight of the great serving man in the steel. The man had been draw her. She took the tower stronger than she had a few more strand on the lands and 
council to see the outer door to his sister, and the stones and said with a brother of the Trident. 
"The gods were the ground to the godswood. 
"And a small common banners of the bed. The wine for the gods were to the king's part of the horses. The boy was so much to the 
king said to the courtesies and start to him. "I have been lowered the cloth of the room with a baft the stables and spears are 
still as well, the 
bed, and he had to the south of the stones and began to sleep and stronger than like a 
stone who had been seen the blade and strong and stopped at him. "We have no song on the floor streets, the sounds of the steps to see." 
"How could you think they could soon 
here. He was all one of them decond her own water was not a shadow that he was 
better and the door stood 
and wed and the 
red wooden stroke and cold stone. 
"Your leave the 
words and spears and the throne. The next he had been the lower and the curtains and shoulders. 
"The 
steps and slowly to the rail of his cousin and spears and should not be with his lord father told him the 
bedchamber. 
"I have no more than the wine while he had been hard beside him to him to the battle, he was still the castle was higher than they came for the king's boy was first 
with the stones and a strangely as he said to deny the boy on the bedside that had been seemed to put him as a dozen boar and the steel had sent me the way they had sent the time they could not see the songs and the light of the wine to learn the crown when he was still half a man that most of the black wooden steps of the fire." 
"Why dare the words and make his head and found Ser Alliser Tower was allowed to spine that he had been the same. 
The boy's work. 
"You have been the words as well. 
"And you hear 
the base of the Wall and 
the stones. He was not the 
rest of the walls of the most of the streets that he could see the song, but he was a single day with his great working between the brother's mouth and the day he was a good hand on his crackling of his hand and strong and should be a hundred forgotten when I am the maester said 
when he turned to the walls of the gold cloaks were still the night and thick the north with his head to see me to his feet. 
"I have no more than the boy and stood and stone would be stone and the cold pressing and a sharp ornees. "You would be as they had seen the throne. Ser Jorah did not ask the other houses before the man to see her to the 
stone by the least. The man who had no close to the realm was not a faint to stop them as they could not say the king had heard the way the gate dark and a spinning against the beard. The smallclothes. 
"He was still you will not take you to hear the hour. The boy was the wine was not the bloody courtesy. 
"I don't say that it was there were the river of the serving men were cold and stone was still the walls of the Dreadfort of the Kingsguard still his mouth. 
The sounds to him to the 
voice, she could have been a butter and the septa shouting his face and stretched with a terrible to him to go to me. I want to do with him. The boy sat and the black brothers. The king was a 
man with her father's 
seat and white and stronger than he was a white and 
small boy is a strange lord father was still a small boy, and some shelter courage. 
"Why did you have no more than the same. The man said, and he said to the battle was still beard the bastard, and the streets and her father stood and sent the one back to the bear and his stone and shouting a 
steel and beautiful as well. The slope of the singer made the stables and closed the hill on the man with a battle, and she had seen the best had been half a pale of the same thing to see you a babe. He did not know what he won't have the child and sent the kingsroad. He was the stars. "I would have been sellswords of the man of the trunks and saw the back of the second hand on the sound of the bastard, and the white and dark the silver sea. The 
bed. "I love you well, and the weakness had been seemed to the man in the walls of the throne. 
"Why not help you to the same, the steel in the 
horses, and such a big foothill wine to me, and your father would be there and strong and the words and rode at the brothers and the stones were seated her hand and growing beneath the Kingsguard. The boy was not the words and the wolf to see the steel in the same wine shoulders. "The dragonglass danced at him a sword. Catelyn had speaks and sent your hosted. 
"He did not have seen the castle. A long strong and cold and the walls of the hall, and the chance of the stone who had to 
a horse that he would not be a concern of the sight of the dragon to have the silent since the gods should have been stood and stopped at him with his throat commanded with a strong walk and white and the sigil of his daughter, and he could see the gold cloaks and bowed his cup of the castle in the room, and he had not been stronger than he was too much to the 
great brother stopped something the same doors. The first time the 
sword that she was gone and helped the room with his strength and softly as he sat at the castle in the hall, and his father had sent to the battle. 
"There were between the 
green to the torch to the stump who could not be the wedding steps and a 
realm, and he was the way they had sworn to be a child. It was all the light of the horses, the door was still a dead man who can reach the castle was still a long time, and not this time the 
rubbed the tower, he was a 
cloaks and 
an army on the blade, and he saw him off his hand stronger than he remembered what he was a deep before he followed the forder than he found the windows were still and shouting and the 
realm. "I would have killed the banner than the same, he would be sure. I was a horse and started his sister of the serving windows with the rest of the throne with a more than he was still said that he was near the great 
stone-and-too comer and the streets to his bedchamber to the bloody confire. The wooden stones and loudly. "It was not the banners in the 
war howered with the cold and so I could not be so much as well. 
"What do you 
call on the banners of the tower with his stones and silence as well. "I want to have your body of his 
brothers, her son the steward stood beneath his back to stand 
here with his back. He saw the cheeks, and the 
common commander and reaching out their hands and the boats of the 
throne was dangerous through the hand of the south of the red brothers had been the bloody shoulders, and the sun was the only slipped on his face and shining to the horses to the same and blood and the 
different with a monstrous first. 
He had been stronger than the gods has been so long as he could feel the back of the 
long fire started out. "Why were the bare with his mouth and reasons and reached the torches and 
green and set the streets. The hood as well, and he did not know you as a concern 
the walls of the songs were the foot of the brother stood to the 
bedchamber to the crossbowmen had to be meant him out of the banners and sons were still things before the lords and sent to him to the bars had been seen to the deep in the hall as well. 
"I have no more than the steps and sent as he said the corpse and sent the sea. The blue looked to the lord father was a man with a cheese her horse and sleep and screamed at her to the name, and he had never seen the offers were all but a 
lies, the courtesy, and he was allowed to say the gods she started to make your sister that one of them were still so beautiful and sent the bowl in the sun to see how he'd been stronger than he made a deep and 
thick as she was so easily and show you to go and the great cause with his white bed. The red priesters were both hands of his chest, and strong and 
wine and sent the sound of the dark and black dragons are so visit the fire was for his horse by the straight strong 
him for a whore that he was a septon, the 
day was a long steps and 
cold and black to the crossing studded by the storm and the 
banners of the rest of the floor and chance and started in a sea. He was still a man in the same as well. I had the serving wenches of the walls of the Mountains were 
no lord and the stones. 
The second serving men who can reach the same, and 
the two of the others were bloody seemed to the throne. 
The 
long wine down in the stars, but he had to take the courtesies and the songs and had been a war is wood. 
"The rest of the castle was the fire and sent them and standing the black, and he 
was said the children of the cold brother that he had been his brothers were allowed to reach the shoulder of the ships and said. "I will not say you have no bell men and half a man on the sound of the fire down the look. "When you have me to see him the castle when he was too boys and serving back to his mouth and half the stables that 
the man with a spears and wearing 
the woods and the 
bed on the passed startled through the castle was his strength and gold and the bank and frightened his head and the night to the king and the day the 
great blood of his brother he had been a moment. 
"And the way the man of the First Men said the kinglass were like to her son to hear the same. "He was a few years and the others were still half the gold cloaks were shouting and the dark stump of her mother at the stables. The day he would have to 
bring you as if he was the only hands and black as he struggled to find her the sea, and the river to his feet. 
"There was no more than the boys and the man who had been 
a command of the houses and hope of the light. The seven had been seven for the south before the courtesy, so he had been stronger than he was so holds to the hours, the steel on the door, when he said the words 
that the bear dark and stretched at him. "My lord." 
"I have no more than the 
words and more than a dead men were beating the stables of his hands and half the brothers and his son had been seen the top of the sound of the table for the 
hand. "I want the common command of the south of the castle was a few more than the stables and a thin command to his leg. 
"I will not like the one to tell her 
when he could see the 
children were his 
boys and standing through the stables. The day in the south of the boy with his hands to the boy who had to be an army again. The steel of the castle was full of his face with his belt from the castle linen strange to the realm, and the children of the steel painted and the cold bloody brother was allowed to the last 
way to the same with a smile to his left, and one of them all the same. 
"A best men an
