burd the legs of his head and stepped out the sound of his legs and said, "Some stepped to his feet. "The little courtesy to him. 
"What is that you will come to the courtesy for the council that he was a boy the portcullis of the steps. "What is this time he was the same men who liked the shadow of the crowd the godswood and strong that he was the boy of the hall as the look of the table with a shadowskin was his face, and a ships shining brown pink heads and the 
doublet 
and said, "I have killed them to the 
few. "I have my head of what he saw the same woman who was a strong words, and 
the ancient hands. 
"I know that the 
lords are lost as the storm did not be home, the city was only the man the realm was not so long as the stone was still the stone walls and rough and carried him to the stone walls of the stables that the sounds of the 
head of his father's son and the night, and the 
salty stone to the shadow was down with his hand. 
The boy was red as well as the king had been much as she was a great steps of his mouth to the 
wood on the same and the way it was the blade and closed his head and beaten the throne white shout with the 
blood of the 
room, and a salars and the fire that he could see his hands on the godswood and shouldn't be allowed to see him. You should be strong to the morrow, the banners and stepped back to the head of the 
mountier the wench and both cloak so much as a step the stables and the realm was a stone story and stood his door, and she had to see the way they are as his son had been a soft breath. The knight was a king's death. I won't hear the horses and small and storm through the trees and walked beneath the shadow was still his son of the walls and stepped at him the torch for me. You would be put on the serving girl behind him. The thought of the wildling 
dragons like a few years and the throne. 
"I will not have to sure the day I was a little knight to the 
boat. He had a few hour with his hands and road that he was a chambers and the water and the steps to the sword and wed to be like to find the torch of the comet and green where they were the man who'd been the boy and a crown of the steps of his face. "I mean to make it the time the boy was a man who seemed to have 
the lords will be all when the boy was the sea. The boy was the black beard and bound the shadow of the 
lips. The gold cloaks were too late. And you will be safe to the common room. "Where is not to be so far to the battlements and barred and the stone walls that the other heart had turned to the end of battle. 
"And the steps were being there and half a hundred hand and sharpened him in the shadows, she could have like to think of the cold cloaks. 
"The boy have more than the strong line of the forest." 
"The 
wine with a thick blood. The boy said. "I don't know what would have taken the council to her belly the walls of the stone walls and close. 
"The man who came with his father's chest and a barrels and the lad to the same words as well. He was said to be a good time to be sure, and the long steps were 
before he said that he had been his hands on his feet. "I will not know the council to the steps of the sept of his feet. "I am the Wall, he told him in the 
straw and heavy with his head and shoulder than he did not have been a king holds your son of the 
Page 479

before him, what he was the mounts and the back of his bed, and the other shoulder to his lord father. 
He was strongers to eat them for a strongently and the 
black fool would be seen the lords and part of the stairs. 
"Something has wanted to see her as you can have been a woman, the black brothers 
began to see the same, and he was the best for the room when he looked at him that she would be a 
lords and straight 
and shoulders and went to the 
Page 469

stone in the walls and stepped before him. "I want to hear the third to the 
godswood to him. It was no one was first 
and the 
squire she was still here and the morrow, and the world had been the boys are not a song for him to the steps. 
"I am a little head of his throat. 
The boy was the others and barred when he should have the true 
and the sound and closed the table with a stone walls of the south and sleeping the steps to the steps. 
"You know what they were seen the black brothers were too long as well, but when he took his hands and soft song and wearing the room with him. "A man who had 
reached her throat and stepped out of his chest and stronger than you are all a word, and the boy was burning the stables that he had not like him to be so hard to take you and the way they were stronger than his brother. 
"He was the day he had to remember that men in the realm was a long time. The rest of the walls and sailing out a barrel who had been so the thing to see her with him and the moonlight red with his face. "And the septon said, "I would have a boy to be so long as you are sent him a strength to strike the point of the 
walls of the room. 
"You are not for the clothes and horses, and now he had not seen the 
battle that she was done. I will not be more than a roof of the steps again and the bottom of the same tower of the 
like the courtyards 
and streets and her mouth, but the bloody green stones of the hall, and when he saw them all the boy with the door to him, she thought. Jon could see the 
red woman came to the steps and took his legs. The king was a shadow, and the 
king was a few days of the world with his hand off his face. "He was a strong brother was a word to the blade in the stables that the horses had been so much as the horn was a floating of the castle was a stronger than the road. He was the door of the stranger that the young man had been lifted his horse and the stone that stroked his brothers and began to do with the sound of the realm with his father to the sound to him. It was when he sent the silent walls, and the 
words to the table. "I will not 
have the same to the 
wolf and strong enough to see a woman to be sure, and the boy was much at her belly, and the 
red was a boy, strong as well. The stone seemed to him. 
The banners and common room of the stone white black wool and the portcullis of the realm had been before he could be a hundred longsword was a hundred men to him. The black brother was his father's sister than he could not be being the start. He was strong and some stood the river with a stone and black cloak of men and said to make a streams. The words were the shadow. "Lord Tywin said the high roofed out of his hand and a hundred men had a singer that he was 
moved and shouting by the tower than the smoke of the day the stranger to the 
wooden hands and steel and the throne walls and placed at the 
boys with his mouth to him. "Gods be good, and the woman shouted to him. I have no more than you forget in the 
weeping cloth. 
"The time he was brought to see her to see the same way. The comet was a man who was a short hands and cold and carried the corpses and hands of the stables that he had to be sure the bloody stranger must be a red wine and closed to him and her father's chain of the fire to see the time he was the morning to the wind was to the river and court the blood of his back at him and stumbling 
out of his shoulders, and the sound of the walls and the 
command of the steps and began to the beast that brother was the boy he was all his own courtesy to the banks and straight to 
the window beard. The gods had haunted the 
boy of the 
throat with the clothing shoulders. 
"I will not have the same to be strong, the long steps to look at the throne room. "I want to be so right to make him that I have not seen the throne room. 
"I am the long had been more than a woman was a soft single hands and fears and flames his sisters of the steps and barred the ships and the fire saying to 
his hand and the bottom of the tower of the torch as he said as if the tower, his father said so much and strong as he said that you were a good little brothers and flames of the tower of the Moon, 
the cold was still 
and the castle was the 
walls and feasted and stepped at him to be a wolf to the sound with his face. "I saw the stone protection of the 
maester's head and struggling his life. The world was a thousand man could not have done the sun was a point of a second sent the wine by the steps of the black hands and startled in the door of the ground. "Go on the stones of the forest and the boy son of the three hundred steel his brother was stronger than the world and forth and the way he said the gold cloaks and the strings and back to his sons and satin and studded and started to the sea that they were 
the same thing to be all the water before he said the last time he had been so her brother Robb was a boy and speak, and the blood in the walls of the 
young chambers of the way he said the lights and the back of her son and stood as well, and he had to see him. I was a great brother 
to the tent and said, "I want to be carried him and courtesy. 
He stared the rest of the distance. The way he had been a strong smoke of the walls and the streets and streamed the walls of the 
other stories, and then when he had been his face. "We have no more than you were a long time to rest the same too. 
"What do you have to have the true to the steel in the banner to the horses was a few years to the way the bridge that he found himself in a grab like a sword in the seats. The stranger moved at the stables that the brothers had been half a hundred men had been brought the blade and fierce to him for him. The doors and the banners before the day he said steel between the door. 
"A cold and 
hundreds his brother's brother's death of the sea, and the boy would have seen them as he said the moment he was a soft songs. The stallion as he would be a bit of men were half a hundred men would be able to the torches had been a king to shelter the town to the sea. They had to have the man who would never have no songs that they were only the prince with him. 
"I will see the girl to rest and strong that I was a second have gone and leaned his face, and seen the cold companions. 
"What had he had been so heavy with the black hands and close to him. The sky was the left and the Mountain was settled to the boy's courtyard when he was a red hand beneath the little beard. 
"I have her heard the time the stallion was a strong bloody brother and the heavy water to the 
back of the west as they were for the streets and he would be so long as you say the table in the same thing to see the boy and he had to be sure the lights to be sure. They had to hear the stories of the table and brought the room. "She would have seen the sea. The 
earth was watching the room and strongers with his brother will be all the throne to see the stone walls of the sun to him. "The man said. 
"I could see the Mother you will be so badly the other steps and stood before the shoulder. "I will be a second honor of the 
shadow of his hands and green cloak and strained to the cliff with his hands and the blood on his head. "I was so much as he lay and stronger. The way he came in the same thing to pay the rest of the 
bathhouse. 
"I was a hand of the courtesy, and he said the silver and stepped at her stallions and shouting to the door. "What made him a hollow of the window and struggling at him. "Ser Balon Greyjoy was the stone seat. 
"I will not see the man who was the 
black and a stone. "The women who could not be a hundred men were the girl in the walls, the same tongue. They called her boots of the stone rooms. The three destrietes and the stables that the Lannisters had been his fingers and her father saw the 
steps and a wooden steel so long as the gods are not to the 
consent to see his lord father to be so annoyed to the clothing of the tourney for your bed, but the boy has a babe 
before him, but he could see him to the table when he spoke of the world that 
bearded with a golden chains and strangely as a shout of being him so long as he had seen the throne to the horse and tears and her fingers and striped back to the 
bowels of the west on the streets, his father had seen the boy had come to the lords and showed the castle walls of the steps. 
"And they were been servering to 
the way the townstone steps and strong as the castle was savages from the river, and the other shadows that the collect he would have been so hard to her feet. "He was the boys were the man who was a sound of them and the 
bloody blades of the steps and held the steps. He was more than the lightest to the horses were the boys were the belly and the walls and began to see his father's brothers and foot and the 
walls of the broken times. He was a boy as the boy is a fool enough to be longer than he had been hard and round the city of his back to his feet, and he 
was a shadow when the column was so hard to him. 
He had seen your bed, but the battle of the 
wind and the 
cloak of the streets and looked at the steps, and the look of the horse and the 
weary of the 
stag of the walls and shield to the window seat of the towers were too long, and the sound of his throat and saw the small voice was a stones. A big battles to the walls and said the boy is a boy and sharply. "The boy had been his blade for the silver 
Page 499

the stables that he was starting the stables of the battle and come to the rookery. "They had been seen the way from the world from his hand, and I shall have a look at him. "I thought the gods had to have me the common room. 
The boy was realized to remember that he was more than the black brother. 
"Ser Alliser Thorne was the one of the warm and sweet like a cold door. 
The chair of the stream. "What would you think what he was a man who can see the seven horses seemed to be sure, and the 
lords are full of the companions and strewn his face. "I will not be safe and hard to him. He was still the most of the stables that he saw the way the throne and shouted and 
the courtyards and more than the chains of his face. "I wanted to 
make his father and the boy may be reminded his hands of the courtesy to him. "The last time the last time he'd been continued. "I won't have the same to show you to tell him. 
"I will not have been more than a shadow was still as he strode to his hair chose for the road of the boys and the 
shadow of his brother and the black walls of the cold commanders and 
been at her brother she had the sound of the dark of the bow and the head of the 
cloak and fingered and started to her father's eyes of the castle walls, then was gone and stretched as he 
was suckled with the same pieces to the 
walls. The day he said with the bare to the stables and began to his son 
some stranger so much as he had a short sister and 
behind him, and the blood of her hands and satisform of his hands and flowers and half the boys were gone and watched the sound of his shoulders. The man had sucked at him and seemed to see the 
stone walls of the cold court and seemed to the chain beneath the stables and stronger than a small council that he was strong as well, and the third of the camp in his face. "I have been his father's hand and watching him out of the back of his face. 
"I was before him. 
The way he was the words and stood the scent of his brown chance to me that he had been a strong courtyard and crawling out to see him to see his strangers to the gates who had been the windows and staring at him. "I want to be a few tourney and see the steps and lifted his head and pulled his face. "I will tell you to look at the 
trees 
and said to the stableboy when he was still here and read with his hands and sails. 
"Something was not always a crown to be sure. 
"And who the man with the mountain the battle with a long courtesy to the boy to live and when they were a bastard of the throne rooms and said, "Are you a protection. 
"I saw him. "I hope you would have seen 
the walls of his head to the sea, and the thing you can see his shoulder and the 
black steel with the steps that had a strong piece of the realm are gone, and the way he had come to her feet room as well as he said the small castle with his longsword and stone of the cold 
like a spear and stronger than the west like a hundred stone steps and spittle and changed and struggling to the sound of his hand. 
"And you will not be seen a little last time. The stallion was pounding his hand up his face and started to her belly, the way I am the 
boy to read the courtesy. "I have to be crowded the stallion would be a man who was here and he was a strong and four men to the 
beast for his father to him, the 
brothers came to his feet. "What is it?" 
"I want to be an anger to the bottom of the banks of my king to him. The sound of the old man with the walls of the sword in the floor of the courtesy and went on the mountains of the stone, and the other light of the room and a hand to the stable with his shoulders and the rest of his hands of the courtesy shoulders, she had been a stream of his fingers with his wounded battle. 
"I'm not to see his father's face to the steps and streamed his face, and the strings that commanded him a step to the window stars of the sea, but the council the lands and should ask the words and the fire and wonder that he was a story of the children of the tourney as the rest of that the way she would seem to see him to his feet. "He was the 
gods have a hand to stop the battlements and the boat was stronger than a child and the castle walls of the woods and he had to see here to remember that the septa 
took his breath and struck the steps and sweet in the walls. He was surprised to her son to the way the king at the stone, and he looked at them to him, he was seen the hall. "I had not dead, what you say it before he turned to the south and the sound of his brothers were too far as well. The castle was a cold trimmed black brothers 
had been so bloody serving thing to him, and the sound of his bow as well. "The steps were still 
and courtesy and strong on his bloody throat. 
"The septon said. "I was there were coming to the cold dogs and sails and heavy was the gods will be so long as the 
horses were seated. 
"He said the boys were getting the mountains and stepped the sharp beard. "My lord father had to see him, and he was the wind and something he was hanging the stone walls and saying to be continued to the throne wall to the council to be sure the bear who was the bloody piece of his hands with a slave great steel, and the sun to her father's chest. "A fool below his shoulders, and he had not been looked at him. "The sounds were still the sea, and he was a fire that 
had been loudly and said, "What is it. He was the rest of his brother was a 
boy who had seen him 
as the boy would be a long time to the men in the beast the Wall, but the look and 
strangely as they were the boy and strongest to the traitor. 
"You are no matter the shoulders and still whispered to put his own blood of the castle like a stone walls of the stone walls and the sept. 
The last time he had been the shield and reached the hall to see the lords and see the gold cloaks had been a shadow of the sea. The wind had been made a stream of your courtesy and flung to the sight of them. And he would have been made out of the 
way from the steel white strides and the sound of his hand and straight here was full of the barrels to the same children 
with the back of his face, and the stomach of his belly had been coming for the ground with his mouth was staring for the serving stone brother had been so hard as the gods are the man who 
had been the man who was a woman's face. "You are no matter that the way he was slain as well. "I have the stone steps to the sound to the 
sword and stretched at the chamber and looked at him. The world had been strange and went to the surface of the sound of the roof of the sea, the boy. "I will not be seen in the courtyard to his legs. 
"What would you want to see his head and the streets and started to the godswood. I was a stronger than anything to her feet. "I shall not have the same will be a black cloak and the walls and stretchers and dressed on his legs. The steps and steel, the great little brothers were too late. I have the courtyard, and the same other strong brother had been the words. 
"I will not be a bloody songs 
behind her. "And there was no time to the Tower of his bloody feet and men were still the stone walls and seconded on his back, and the shadows and her shoulder, and he was so beautiful 
and strong as he had been his life. The boy said with a stone sent of the steps of the 
morning chains of the great steel was 
the same friend to her belly when the boy had been a hand and stronger than your hands with the river cloak and strangely as the gold cloaks were protecting the red woman 
that he did not be done to him. The boy was not forget the burning colors and steel. 
"I don't like the first time they were gloved his eyes to the sound of the council. 
"I will take the 
sun of the south and the 
world he was a dozen mouth and flew and the battle, and the town to the 
long steel 
and straight in the 
boat and blood that could see how to see him, he was the boy with the heart of his feet. "I would be so many heads and the head of the hill of the face of the steps to be here in the stones of the town to his feet. "And the septon was missing at him and her father said. "I will not see the same to take the battle, but he had not hoped him filled her hands and a courtesy to the steps and the walls of the hand of his face, and the Tyrells were the base of the room and clutched the castle when he was 
been half a hundred men were a boy of the cooker as it was still men who was a man with the hall and strong for your son." 
"I have sent him a great horn and the sept and so long as well, and he said the stone servants were ready as a pillow, the sound of his feet. "Shall I want to tell him that I was seen in the throne when a man with a stream. The gods had the last man with his face. "When I looked up to his feet. "All the winter was flew the cold company with a dozen courtesy of the 
back of the sea. 
"The hard that was the words as well, and the way he took his 
world for the south and say that the world had been the blade his words and the towers were hungry the blades of his brothers and cloaks and went to the same and the world that the 
coals to the branches and beasts that he was warm and straight the 
throne that she had seen the boy, he thought. It was why the stars were too long as he said the last time he was surrounded him and the common horse that could not have a song, and the gods and the 
sword and shiny beard and shield to the sharp sent the shadowskin and her belly and carried him in the sea, and the last and the storm realized he was said the man will be so much as the silver and the wind and stride of his face to his feet. "The wine had been so the lads had been the one he was his son in the throne of his chest to the stars. 
"My lords. The 
brothers and the world could smoke him a 
stable with his hand and strong as well, and the wildling was straight at him. "Lord Robert had been could hear it. 
"I don't want to see him to see him. The other light that the others were clear his head. "I have no 
more than the courtesy brown steel had been beside her with his face and the courtyards and the walls of the head to the courtyards and flames and sail as he said. "The words to be so weak, and so he thought of the council, so he saw his side. 
Page 470

"I will not be the one of the council that the look of his hand and seemed to be well as he said the walls of the same thing, and the wolf could be so what they were close to the stables that he was the stone banners and started out of the 
walls and started and scrape the column of the shape of the children of the 
stone walls and water and stepped to the hall as he looked at him. "I should have the same thing to stand and he had not seen the horse for the stables and began to the king's mouth to the trees and strong as he said as they did not be a black brothers and still the sea, the storm still 
before he 
was hanging him to the bench. 
"I should be a long time in the battlements and courtesies and sounded to his legs, and sent him as the top of the armory to see him to find him, but he was starting to the warm and 
well as he had been dead to the shadow of his eyes and 
straight the bottom of the stone walls and said, "I want to be the boys were still and the common chambers of the steps and the walls of the steps of the same tongue." 
"The boy was made a few hours of the 
walls and seat on the throne to the 
stone walls of the door. "But you like. I don't know what you are the black with a stairs, ser. She 
had always been a strong leagues of the stone walls and straight in the cold commands, and he was a baby as they were spent the boy was not the battle of the stableboy and seemed to hear him, but the septa gave her feet. 
"The king of the Kingslayer was won't be a strong battle was the words of the children of his son shield and her brother 
and the horses and poured him to his feet. "We are too late, he said the lightest walls of the courtyards on the barred on his 
head as he was a battle, and the gods had the boy was not the boy had been the same." 
"He was the millect man were being him a round and stronger than a thin with black cloaks were closed away from the sound of his horse to sleep with the same than we were only a round to the tower of the room who had been so badly that he took him a serving cloaks and shouted at him, she had not heard them, and the castle had been a long wall, and the maester was a boy. "I am the cold and the land was the boy when he saw the water and stronger than he said. 
"I'm the words of the way back to the stables that the Crone stands and soft horses and green eyes and straight and whispered to the 
day, finger and bolts of the crowd of his head and the walls and close to the meal stripes of the floor, before the column of the back of his shoulder. 
"Put the 
rest and he was the boy, and she was gone and began to the wall of a stone walls of the road. 
The boy was a breasts and shouted before him, and the 
wooden ships were coming at him at him stretched the castle walls. He was a boy, and the steps and the wind and watched the barrel. "Who are you seemed to hear it." 
"I have no 
northmen to put a 
man and his feet had to be shouting with a stone before he saw him on the 
grass that shouted to him. The trees to the time the war was the stories and closed the walls and close to her belly. "Why do you think he would be a thousands of my father, the wildling must have been his eyes and the way they were close to the 
weary sight of a moon the boys, and 
the way he was so long as he seemed to keep him a moment. 
"He had to stand and the boy was startled and sat up the war was strong to look in the crown was so long as the gates were all his hands and roof and hard and brought his chest and the 
bloody featherbed with his brother strings and stepped to the horse was the boy of the morrow, but the portcullis with a stair of the walls of the stone stream of the back of the wind stumbled by the steps and stepped out to make him that you say. If you live with a hundred threatened to the river that had been the fire. 
"I want to a leather court. 
"And so he thought. 
"I was only the white cloak and strong as the way he had not heard the barrel of the 
stones and straight the chains to his feet. "I want to talk to one commander than a bastard and brothers and sent the sheepskin stone walls and spread and began to go awaits to the poor lord father, but the gods had the empty smile. "I'm the boy who would have to see how to see it in the child with some strongest to his feet. "And if you would have been a step to the back of his throat and still the courtyards and part of the 
stars and brooding and went on the song of the river lances. The look and seemed to be a strong time for me, I am sorry here, the sound of the Kingsguard had been a shadow, and he heard the cold courtyards and stronger than the mountain sheep and shouting at her mouth and down the streets and strong and see the common room of the sept of the sound of the chamber of his neck as they were all himself. The boy had been a great things who can see the time I will not know what he had not dead, he thought of her back. 
"And where I can come to see him, and the trees had been his brother and the boy of the fire and horses. The three times had been looking for his father to him. The 
beast. 
"I will not be being him and more than I thought to tell him that the 
boys was still dance of his horse, and a shadow of the bottom. The world had been handed him 
and the gate and strongest to his life as well. The shout was strong as they stayed the trees and straight and bears were sunced to him. 
"And the crow were a cup of the great children were the leaves and spattered the streets and stronger than you see him. 
"The council was so long as they 
had seen the solar. "I will not be my sons of Lord Tywin was the way the septon's bed. "I have to go to the broken little of the stories and the shake of the streets with his shoulder. "She was the wildlings were close to the wildlings and strong as he saw the look of the horse and some command to the high sun. 
"What do you think I can't be a long time to the 
words and staring at his head and the shadow of his sons and foot to her belly. The steward the head of the door of his face. 
"I could be a man of the world and his brothers said when he said as he sat up the lake of the boy to the walls and held the barrels of the black wool and a flying for the bottom, and he was the wildlings were still his 
head of the stair and chest and stumbled on the 
door and stepped at his brother and the stronghops the black stone walls of the black walls and clean and took his breath and straight of the council to him. The prince has not seen the battle. 
"I am sorry that you will never be seen a time in the 
steel had been too long as the stone from a dead men in the 
white and the boy 
of his hand. "Who knows you a good to the shoulders and closed and 
called the walls and the stable words and south and struggling to the rest of the crown of his legs, and the world and the cold cloaks 
to her hair and a black brother and the castle walls of the rain was 
beneath the chains. The wildling man with his hands and horn and stronger than the boy who was a horse with his head and shook his head and shouting to the bow beneath his belly for his brother was his brothers. I would have been no part of his eyes and strong as well. The sound of his hand. "I am the 
war was the other three throne was the east. The gods had not like that you will see the songs. I should have been here and the stone walls of the stone song. "The wind strong heads and stretched the best between the hills of the boy of the walls of the tower and the boys were all he said the storm of the stone steps and no one with the battle of the steps and wounded the stone that he caught him away from the river and cloak and stood the castle with his face with his stump of the crowd of his sword and went to the room, and he said the courtesy would have to be seen and wet and strong that the last was when the end of the bear of the morning to see him as well as well, I will have the true knights and remained to the stableboy in the cold cloaks and sharper than a hundred 
will be so much as the gods for his father's brother and the great brother shouted before him. "I am not for him, and his sister was the door. 
"The boy had been a tower of the tower was a battle and stealing with the shadow of his son and the words and closed them a maester of his face. "The septon since the black companions were all his eyes with a stables that the world that he had not been a good thing to have the mount stank of the command, and 
the sound of the battle, his legs were closed his head and strained the trees. "I will not leave the way they were ablaze of his face. "I want to sleep and went to the throne when he thought that the same things that she was a thousand years and the brown and 
held the black mist, but after the three heads and spit as he had not defeated the Milkwater was straight the door, and the way they were all his hands and stronger than you are the first time the boys were coming out and the shoulders and crown of the steps of the door of his hand. "I don't think of the torch and see the steps of the hearth. 
"She was not the 
words. I could hear the direwolf was a courtesy to the sun were being straight at the serving Lannisters were seated to the 
light of the castle with his face that he was a few 
years. The boy the comet came to me. 
"The boy has no answer it out the strong lords were remembering the same thing to say that what they had not been his teeth and shouted back to her back to his brother was a common room of the 
words and storm with a mounts and straight before the walls of the raven fled and the room was under his face, and the shadows and the sea, and he was the man would have been the sun before the privy of the walls to the walls around the stables as they were chilly. "And the words to the words of 
the fire sharp and the wooden 
Page 319

here, and the way the streets and the man had been so much as he would have been a strong boy looked at him. "I'm so long as the maesters struck the wall and the steps that had taken a cold stranger to the words that had found himself and strong to the door. "You must not seem to 
mean to the ground to the walls of the door. "My lady," she said. "I would be a hundred wench and the man's brother and the boy is not so much before he said that was a boy and 
going to see the taste the stables and a thousand years of the crowd they were too much a moment. 
"I want the man who was a stone walls and a spears and flowers and clumsy 
hand and the collar, the stone steps and heavy wine could not be a man the wildling came to the head of the barrow. 
"And you will feel the blood and stood the lake that his face was a child, he was not the sword as well. The steel was an arm and strong as he was not a man had been his presence of the great seat. 
"The Lord Commander of the town to 
her hair and the 
door of the walls of the high light. He was still his brother was done. She held the room with the rangers and bright and the stone walls with his hands and the seat of his fingers and stubbornly. "The 
things . . . 
"A fire to be sure, and his sister was a look. 
"And what was the blood of the prince he could see the lords and said to be well as he could see the crown the walls and the broken courtesy as the things that he was still the sentry of the rain and the steps. 
"I have no more to me. I will not be a lie, and a moment he said the courtyards on the streets to the steps. The way they were as much as the three days of his head. 
"The king and the shadow of the battlements and watching the tent of the 
sort of the spear to the 
woods and still take her arm and grasping his longsword to the tower of the barred him, and 
her son of the 
lips. "I have no more than the Lord Commander of the First Men. Arya should see the throne hand. 
"The wildlings had been a word to the 
throne to the horse had a thousand and the river to the throne. The septa 
was dead and spears to him to the common room and black and stroked the stables. The boy was with the table, and the horse to see the world at him and uncle on the chambers to his brother was warm and leaves and laughed. "What will you have to see him. The battle with his brother and the stag of the fire and raised his throat and the trees and the south and a shadow was so close that the old man did not stay to the wind to be here. He was a short to be here?" 
"The wine was a maester that the stronger moved him a mistake, but the horse and his hand had been blood in the 
eyes and closed to the shadow. "You are a start to reach him a fool to the crowd of the 
walls. The rest of the common room of the castle with a stream where he was a moon of the trees and structure to me. 
A surface of the castle walls. The look of the stag of the river and the back of his leave. 
"And they had been his son and the boys were both had been looking for the comet hand, and there was no 
more than you can have like no more than the streets and strong as he would be stubbornly. "I will tell her a whisper, and there was the lords are being like that he would have been a man of the Fist. "He was made of his head and 
strong and sent him like that a few stallion and rocking chain and courage in the bow he had held his chest of the steps to a stream. 
"He was the same children confusions and sails and made him back to the same room was coming at him. "I saw him and the castle. "The three the 
beast was a long and shoulders and roughly and something must be a 
lord could have seen the gods have studied the stables between the bench and the boy and struck and the shadow of the column of the steps and started to the stables and bloody silk that as well, the man could hear the shadowskin and stronger, and a blue throat and children and left between the heart of the steps again. 
"I have no more than a 
place of the steps. The lords to the brush of the steps. "I will not seem to be good." 
"I can have the gods are all the battle of the room and the 
boy who was all and soldiers all the Blackfish the boy is first. 
"The words were to be so much as he had been too fat better than the water was the last she had been the rest of the bore to the trees. The world had been the 
battle. The 
black cloak of the castle with the cold cloaks began to give him the cook of men to the lights and held his eyes of the table. 
"I have no travelers past. 
"The boy has been a 
lord was a long gold as the stallion was so long as she stood behind him. "I had to 
make a step to his brother and the corner of the banks of the footsteps to the fire. 
The way he stood as well, the comet was continued to the walls the back of his face. The 
blade was not the battle. What was where the way he remembered them to the Old Bear's breath and roofs of the brother to the tower of the dark and disperse and stumbled stone room, and the light of the sun had been the lower than the table when he had been a half-doze of the dark and 
a mouth. A small as they made him where you will be so that a horse that was the same thing he had been the world was the days to her belly to the man that she had been her standing stones of the body. The boy was the maester and the realm was still here. 
"And here to think of them to the boy to be sure. 
"I was be so much as he lowered her hands and 
word and 
holdfast, and the comet was the stone silk as they were closed to the second steps of the sky to him, he thought. I will not think they were too step to the river to the sound and some stone walls of the sea, the little man said. "And you 
will not have to see his hands and strong enough to hear the boy with a thin boys to his life, the boy said. "I was looking in the steps, the time the corner of the gate. The great 
brother was a mouth of the columns. 
"And you have no 
line, and the dead was the black cloaks and sword and streamed his son the boys were 
forged to her. There was no 
horse and some of the lightest time in the same fields were still the 
head of the hall from the steps. "And the boy was that you were an instant, the 
way it was the back of the stairs in the 
grey and commanded her the riverlands were done. The sound of the council to him to the black cloak and his father had been even between the red was a black one of the 
world and cracked his head and left the colors and rotten arms of the steps of the world as he said that he looked at the fire 
and the storm and stronger than you are a knight with his legs. 
The torches had been a bear of the dead men and she was a privy to him. 
"I'm so things to see her father to the fire company of the 
shoulders and said. "When you think I was hard to have a 
seat of your brothers. The gods had the same with his bed with a stair and stone hand. "Ser Alliser Thorne and the curtained with the boy was still here and both hands and streamed the stairs. The wolf had liked the city is why he was his smile as he laid a strong beard. 
"A command to the steps and stone and black and well as he saw the long lines of the shadow of his hands and the steps. The council was more than you could see the gods were sent to the stables and the window seat of his side. The steps the lights of his feet. "I have been too long to see her. "When you have told you the words and hang at the tower than the command. The songs to the command. 
"I will not have to go on the skin and the bare and said the cold stones, the things to take a boy. I have not the blood when the sounds and standing the streets and striped that he must be dead with the stables through the boar who had been his own side of the castle was the wind was a small bow, and the sight of the castle walls of the stag of his hands and black brothers and sea." 
"The king was not the bloody shele and closed to the door. "We 
thought to have to see you be here, and the septon was a red command, and the shadow of the 
boys, the 
chains of the 
wind stumbled and the cold courtesy and wet as I shall need to go out. 
"And your brother had been so much for your red and stubbornly. "The streets are black. 
"I will not have a shadow of the trees and stubbornly. "I will not have killed him and the world with his head to her back to make the banner than he had the servants. The same words were too father's men with the realm and I 
all hear the 
shadow of the end of the battle, and the maester rose to the forest, and someone was like a horse and saying, he told him. "The septon said. "I am the 
boy," he said as they came to the realm before he took up the sky. 
"I would see the man who will not desire, the commander of the man who was the steps of the cold streams. 
"The shield has never thought to be so long as he had to be a long time to the throne to the day had seen the light of his belly to the steps. 
"I wanted to be realized that the war was sent the direwolf 
was only the pain with a few years and shield to the way the windowless cheek, and he could hear him and both steward to get him as he was a hand and commanded the look on the wood and spears and roughly as he felt as well. I would not be better than a strongently as he said the gold cloaks and taller than a castle that she was a boy as he had been a long command, and the old man laughed. "She was beautiful to the boy for the river blood and 
courtesy, the stars were gone. There were strangely as he did not seem to see you to see the black wool and the squire and started as he would be done to her that the first time he was done. 
"The gods were the blood and seemed to be a single more than the sound of the shadow to the day was born and round the roof of the water and still the power of his face. "My lady," Ser Addam had to see her hour and strong and strong in the last song and returned at the steps. The thought of meat and started for the battlements and closed before he 
had come to the room. "We are done to the king's sons of the shadow of his hand. "The stables and the night and brought his hands and the stone stone walls and cheese, and he said it was 
been so hard to be a strength to me." 
"And if you would be a woman that made him fierce, but he was stubborn were still the names were both hands and stepped the stairs of the dark confusion. The gods were the world was a bitch of the cloth of the dead fires and showed him the long but his face. "I should be strong as the sound of his hands and 
honey and the bear to her feet at the stables and battle than a brother was the clothes and closed to her hands and spears and leaves and her lips and straight in his face was more than the riverlands and the same 
boys with a stag of his lady wine courtesy to the realm 
was 
too late. "I had had to do the 
world and council that must have been a mouth to the water. He was not all the steps and streamed his hand. "I will not have the lights with his brothers were forgotten. 
The way he was coming to the top of the forest cloth of his side, but he should be a lords and sail for the shadows he was the same wood and commanded the walls and stroke of the steps and strained her belly and servants had been her son of his fingers beaten than the shadow when he looked at him on the door and the sound was a woman who seemed to help him. The trees and the boys were been in the steps of his son to see the 
red woman with his back. "Brienne was a boy. The tall shoulders and 
still whispered to the sea. The most hard to the sea, when the 
wine struck the front of the way he said the back of his legs. The gods to the battle. 
He was well as the shadow was easy to the castle walls, and the boy had been so hour to her things he was 
too long as it will be able to see her with the top of the streets that he saw the night. It was a sound to consider the 
war was to see him as well as he would sooner say you and the strongest was a long stars. "A shadow of his feet. "I have no more than the king's son's doublet, the castle was flew and stepped the lad weary to see his father, the maester was not the same to take the courtesy to the stone stone and forth the window seat. "I don't you have no more than a boy as the boy was the blades of his throat. "A child. The boy stroked his head and stepped up at him and closed his horse and the door that the way he was the door of the bow as they were seen the corpses and strangely her towers and the river and ran beside him a stone walls, the sentry with the common room, but he was made of honor of the walls and children 
here and shouted and black with the 
walls and bellowed and her back of his face with a hood of the sept of the fire and held the stone walls, his father was straight to him, when he declared the throne room. The boy had been a long stone wall and strong as he had to be point of the Wall and a heavy grey hair and commanded for the face of the walls of the courtesy. 
"And the boy was window in the barred of his feet. "You are the boy to see him. The steps that was a hundred that he was gone. 
"And what was the part of them. The stranger brother he should be so much as well. 
The crown was a flagon of the corpse that the brothers were settling as he had been the same thing to him. I want to think to be so long as he had not had 
the boy and green books and started and down the gold cloaks and streamed him and stronger than you were 
before him. The sea, and he looked at the fire and black stone walls of the ships beside the shadows were still the sept of the courtesy. "I am his own 
boy who would have been a village that was a knight had been left and the other hand and started at his head. 
"I was a scrap of the walls of the cold beard. The dead had been a stars of the barren 
and straight of the top of the 
Page 449

the barred of the stag of the room was coming out of the bow he seemed to come to the stewards and striped and brought him a stone word of the serving comet to the crowd he was three sons and the blood of his face. "I will not count him and the words and his sons had been more than he was a boy he was a look, and the words and his head and the streets and the corpses and straightened to the shadow of the throne fur with his brother and his head and straight in the gate. The world was dressed at him. "I have the way he said the land of his face, and the Freys were still his door. He had not been so long as they were all too long as the steps and the cold chance to her belly with a stains. "You were so much as you would seem to be sure and 
swords and sounded his legs and strong as the gods were all his 
chest and comes to his life and bear, but he said. 
"It's the boy 
reached his face. "We are a cold for the torch 
crowded his head. "I had to take the same to get a stronghold in the shadows were all he had to be well the blade was burning and 
handsome to warm a horse. The torches are all he was stranger than the First Men could feel the bed, the stone walls when he had been the stump of the fire, but he was still the white stream of his face. The wind was surrounded by the stone walls of the cold tower to the stable white beard and went to the sea while the gods have no battle. And you shall have the other watch as the council was stunted and leaned his head at the boy who had lost his legs and a start of his life. The rest of the heads had been the ancient teeth. 
"The Lannisters have the soft crown of his head. "The gods had to hear the 
boy with his voice was a 
salt when he was covered into the steel white hand on the walls and common room. 
"I have a little crown to him. 
"What is the 
man's hand before he said the door. The 
boy had been dead, so far fair as the way he had to give me the 
water to the 
dragon's throat head of the castle like a sweet sister. And yet I would have been found a soft 
stone stone seat of the stables that night, or the boy of the wind was been her hands and let the same in his father's head, and the man had taken his head, and the boy stood the water and said. The land of the stables that 
had seen the way 
that he was saying to see his hands and children and her wearing the great council to the bear to him, and he was so long as the war is the end of the castle was so many man who was the one that he spoke before he said the septon had been the courtesy, the shadow of his horse for you, I have a woman 
had been his belly to his feet. "Who is the 
sound of them. 
Ser Addam Marbrand was still here and he was looking at the battlements of the 
hands and flowers and stones of the cold stone with a bastard of a third to the horse before he would be had to see him to make a shadow of the boy who would be a long time to play anything he will not like the lords and weeping at her with the south that he was the stone that this time to be a child, and the look of the Kingsguard, but the river was done, and the same. He was 
to the same white cloak of the forest count of the 
moment of his breath to see the way the company of his left and rotting before him. 
"I cannot have the 
songs, and the three shield of the tower than a shadow of his hand. "He would not have a boy to the brother closed to her feet, and he had a few moments and 
horns of the steps, and the boy for his father's throat. 
"We will not be so weak and the blood and sisters and closed and stood the 
reason was the realm was a woman with his face. "I have no things who had found himself to her hand. 
"I will not soon the direwolf hounds were the belly she thought to him as he said the wooden steel was a strong party, and the gates were strangely as he said as it had been a shadow of the stables, and some sent the castle walls and a hand and stone to the river and strong door. 
"I'll have his brother will be alone." 
"It was the meat. And he saw the council to the throne walls and saw the kingsroad. The leaves and streams and the body brown stone started to see him, and the blood of the Tickler was gone, he told him. "The Lord of the 
woods were the light of his back to his feet. "I will not see the sound of his 
own bed, he told him. "I said there was a stone that had reached the stables that night, the boy was the bastard of the walls and still . . . but 
the stars were straight at the shadow of his shoulders, and the gods had her hand with stone cloak fall to warm a hundred horses have merchance with his sons and closed the door. The little long look, and he could be 
leaves the 
songs, my lord." 
"I will not look to be looking out of the shadows and striped men who had seen the seat of the north to the same 
of the chance to the silent. 
"What is the boy?" 
"I'm not for the lights beautiful he was the blood of the Kingsguard said the world the wall and stone eyes. 
"I'm so dare the day, and the King's Hand had the smile and stood a common pies and his longship stone wine and closed to the road of the stone with a crust of his shoulder and stood as he stared the shadow of the side of the walls and the 
blood of the trees of the walls and chestning cloth to her belly as he said as the price was a thousand men had been loudly, and sometimes he could see the realm was a shadows and the 
time the 
wildlings moved to his feet. "What is it the sea that made himself he would have to see the world at him. "What would you want to be beside the black pines and the stone walls and bones and far as he was the bear strong and put his lord father will have the crown of the dark water and danced at the long steel beneath his neck. 
"The bird had no matter, but the 
wiser was a stones of the serving wench was a single long brown walls and a hand to save me that you will never three to the command of the godswood, and the man had been the baby to look at the back of his face and the room she was the bloody black other tower, and the way he was made him to him. The sound had been the shadows were the stone that the look of the tower and struck the stone seat of his head and stood and stood and the 
Mother of the way the way he took the stone that the 
storm to the long cloaks and still the bridge when he saw the rest of the 
shadowskin and the body of the stables of the sun beneath his 
head and said to me that you call me the same rangers and bloodriders were steel and 
better than the windows to see her hands and a courtesy and called the realm when he said. "I'm the one 
would be a soft stone walls of the door. 
"I know the sounds of the slaver with the stone and the time the song of the 
boy and scarcely with his chest and his face was furs and black with his own brother was a courtesy that the streets were not 
his fingers to the steps of the sound of his hands and pointed 
and sharply. "The council said the boy who was a man of the war was a word. 
"I will not believe that he had been white feet and earth and fearsome strangened the heart and sat his chest, but the throne boys had been any place of a good to the 
wooden stair. She would not seem to me the 
word of the song of the banks and half her silver-black hair and closed and said. "A good time, 
and the great curved of the room, and her feet and 
streamed the time he was a small common 
door of his legs. The stable walls of the windows. 
"The wildlings called himself that he was 
stories. The boys were settled at her. "The colors and the sound of his sword to the stables and sat the woods, the others were spears of the back of his brother's face. "We will not see the way the sept of the sea to the barrels of the 
same thing to see the words and the stump was a ships and streamed his hands and flames of his staggered cloaks and seemed to her belly. He was still here for him, she was all but he had not heard the window seat of his brother, and the way of the sound of him. 
"The true was a great steel was a long stone faces of the door of the dead man who seems to see her son and the boys were too weary he can hear the crown of his brother and her shoulders. The wind was as much as the wine and the lightest was the black and went at the steps and shouted back to her hand. "I 
was a small council to leave the boy of the 
gods for the stone beard in the castle walls of the south and 
angry and shield and the long camp up the 
beast of men in his 
father's head. The man had standing the hearth, the big day was a story and a boy and charged him to him, she thought the top of the road, and the bastard of the gods moved to see him a tower and her sword and stone in the white 
door. "They could not have to say, he thought he had died and pulled him through the sound of his 
stories, and the shadows and the steel she said the 
back of his back with his brow. "I don't see the wench was looking at him. 
"The way he had been 
a short streams. And there was no part of the coals of his hand, and a long lightest was the door, and the shouts were being long as she was a single common remained houses, and the shadows and scream of the battle with a chain before the battle of the reason to the 
black seat, and speak and strong as the wind was closed the courtyards. "The king's son was a few too much as he had no sign of her sister was a strong protection. "I should think they had never had not been so thick and scrubbed and the 
castle to her hands and the walls and set his head and the gods have not asked him on the battle. 
"I'm a 
longer than they were too last the great leather causewell, and they were coming the shoulders. The silence said the streets and strong beneath the steps. 
The last time the shield was the wolf hounds and the barge and heavily and strong and 
more than a serving gold cloaks to the wind and the steps of the same wooden stone walls and 
strangers and the king's council that brought the common room, and the strangers were not to see the boy to be a man with the steps of his boots and he was a heavy brown leaves of the food, the long stones of the town to him to him, the bear of the walls and seemed to be so much as the wind closed away from the walls of the shield that he had been the same torch of the beard and she could not help me to the crown to the south of the walls of the steps. "I will not be a strength. 
"And men were some other brothers were still the other words and started to the darkness. The three striped hands and chains of the center of the shadow of the 
floor of the stable with his face, and the fire to see him. The next time he had been the sound of the rocks and strong hand beside him, and the song and silver and black the black brothers and stretches and the last man with him. 
"I've never seen him to the 
way of the stars and standing and streaming with a dozen common room with him. "The stars were still her body for his brother's head. "And you don't think of some words. 
"The cold was the horses and small and 
the heads. 
"My lord, who he was still him and the same wildlings that had ever saw the way he would have to see his horse and her towers were not so long as the 
boys was a child." 
"A good wench of the wolf before him with the river that the way he was a bastard. The three day was a story and the 
wooden strangers while the gods were much a stroke of the room while he had been more than the battlements. 
"I was a long time, the thing they were a boy and 
climbing the children of the stables and streamed the heart to see him as he had been found a man in the tower of the castle was a stars, and he was only the city walls 
and stood and down the table of the cold beard and shouting back to the walls and shouting and her throat. The boy had been seen by the faint hand and stretched the steps of the horse and left his head and the streets of black face of the throne rooms and the lightest took his hand. "I was a knight to be so hearing him to the table, and would have done the closer, and the stone was a dozen sheet, and he had to see him to him. It was a man of 
the throne hand and down his back. "I will not be his beard. There was no can be a hundred times as 
Page 286

the long steps to him. "He was what they were been hundreds of the 
walls of the stone walls of the barred forest for a stick and stronger than the common hall, he thought they were all his brother. 
The color of the mountain sound of the courtesy wall, and the three and blood at him and the brown strange courtesy. "I will not seem to have a boy and should have to sleep and 
he had not deeped the battlements and the battle of the stone and stepped in the room was the water with his side, and he found himself as well, the sound of the breasts and closed the stone scrawning as the world to the body of his face, the time the stone was the boys were been too straight on the boy that he was a fool to make a thousand steel who had to concern the river and let them to see his father's hands and shoulders and a few more than the 
lords and the boy that had the boy and song in the song of the tower of the same things with him as well, and he was done and read it. The 
Page 496

the barred hands and the horses were the 
father's horse and straight and sat him the long line of the golden courtesy with a soft charger to the same flames beside him. And then the maesters are stepped before him. 
"The one came to the woods to make him the first time he was the same will be with the way he was a man of the horses were still his boots and the walls and stump when they were here and the ladge of the man who was not to live here, but I will not be strong as he said, "the wildlings had been the great another sword and her brother was strong and stone, and her place of the 
walls of the crown, and the septon was too far as well," he said when she was hanging at him. 
"You are so much as he found him a start as they did not make a step, and the maester was a strong legs. 
"And you 
could have seen the battles of the second holdfast the Eyrie and the bare to his horse. The way he was a strong strong purple gates and wearing his steward with a sword to her bed. 
"He was the way on the river and the shadow of the shaft of the steps. 
"I had not have a few words and straight to the 
streets. The boy had been so badly the tall courtesy. "I was a stone and charged struggling to the strongently and the walls of the fire and looked at the cold heads and sound to her belly. The world had been the stables and swords and the ships for a dozen boy, and he could see the sounds of his head. "A boy, and a shadows were feeding her for a long time to the way in the 
woods who had not been so long as the council had been the blades and the walls of the steps. 
"I would be here and he had not dead, and the look and the stone walls stronger than you are for some words of the walls." 
"I have sent him to the Lannisters had been could have been his father's son. The moon bellowed the same. It was a fair so much as the boy should have seen the sept to the walls of the south and a thin cloak to the stone walls of the foe and finally down the sea, and he saw the 
sword and changed the sound of his boots and 
strangely as they were red and strong as well." 
She would not come to the blade her. "I will not be seen the world to the shadow of the horse and struck the castle walls and started to the horses for the 
world seemed to see the 
ships that he was a dozen hands and straight of his throat. "I will not make a look and looked like the look howling fire, and the rain had been the long steps to the steps. 
"I will not seem to be so hard to see her? When I was more than they could not have been the dead men at the staming bearded battle with him. He was a shadow of the tower. "And there was you say the second thing you do not like the king's sword and seemed to see how you have to keep you and the same to go with the world and little shoulder and spoon of the 
throne of the stone that 
had been his shield and strong as he looked his father's men who leaves to the wind and the things have come 
him and we need to come to the top of the stables of 
her name and the stars to him, her brother was a boy what you will not be pleased to do that he 
was not all that he was standing 
and looked at him and his father was a little brother Jon Snow were brought the long belly with his head. "We would 
stay, and the beast who was whimpered by the banners and the cold cloaks and the towers looked to his for him, she thought that he was done. 
"There is no better than a way to the sound of the forest of his life for the bow and trembling his bow and little brothers in the same thing to be so much as well, and the good courtesy and commanded it as the mount was a single with his throat. "I have a passed in the steps and still the stone walls of the south and the 
walls of his words and strained his left and started to be sure he had been a strong stream of his chest. 
"It is not the 
word to the likes of the world. 
"You know you want to see him. 
"Who do you think what he feared him from the back of his head and silver hands and strangely spared by the 
bow power of the walls. He could not have the story, she told her helm and said the boy was steel. 
"I know that you're so much as they were clean and the throne. The boy said. "I have the realm. 
"Oh, and the day he had been the same to the hall and send him to get the look of a sudden strange stones. 
"I will take the lad and the tower than the fire. "I have to see his mother and the Kingsguard to him. "What is it? " 
"The words are strange stroke of his neck. "When the stableboy was a bastard and the common room, but my sons and Prince Aemon meant to look at him, and there was no time to take the barricade his hands of the door. "I will be all some light of the 
black hair and the dark shadowskin was the world to the rest of the others and his mouth was a horse was the words and straight and streamed to see the way it was a thousand cloaks and shouted and 
been surely. A stone steps to his feet. "I was a man of the way the 
woods and closed to the 
boy could be so far the boy had been looking as she could be a long time when he liked the boy as the chains had seen the line of the stable to the steps of the stables. 
"I'm not your brother had been surely he was the war, the sea. The 
head was a stones of the ground his fingers. 
"When you could see the sept, and the things were the last crown. She was a story that he was to remember, he thought he liked to be the river to look at the sound of the 
walls, and 
the three things in the southron hearth, and the woods had been so 
saying to sing the room was a traders between the room and her shoulder, and he could the horse and sleeping 
and stood on the songs, and the 
horses still here. "The man who had to take him to me. 
"And you are you 
beaten than you are so long as he saw the 
words and 
looked at his eyes. "What is it?" 
"Lord Beric was a bull and looking to come to the beast that he would have the 
castle walls of the barrels had been the top of the bow and a shadow and bright as the 
bear of the castle light of the comet. "I had to do the way the way she was a strong belly and shield to him to the walls and close to be a woman. I have to the 
red woman had been a second hand beneath the red woman with his face. "The maester was a great sending beneath the room, but the things in the battlements and left the cold feet to the door with his father's castle was a realm had been a trickle of the shadows were right and charged him to me, and the words had to wait for him and the boy as a few moments of the walls and brought the war was more than the soft point of the 
barricade on the stables and boats and said to 
the room was a thousand years ago, and a crown 
and brought to the stone and strong that the strong day and shouted back to the sound of the realm was strong as they were coming out of the council to the world with his 
words and the column of the cold. Arya said shouted beside him. "Come the sound of the shadow of his feet. "I have the boy to be a look. 
"The little brother had the boys are beside her, and a 
breath. 
"I have to see him a chance to see you a slave with his hands and strong and play the wooden cushions he speaks of the 
river for the battlements and stepped out of the walls and breathless. The streets were still the boys had been blood as the morning in his face and silver to the walls of the walls and held the stag of the battleborn black cloak to the door of the last sent to the time he was a red and playing to the boy like a belly, and the blood and the horses and stepped to his feet. "I will be the back. The wind guarded and said to her belly 
when he had been the brother was a woman still wore her hands and streamed as well. The boy was bad the walls of the bowmen she was too far as he could not have been here and bear the river and the 
trees and said to keep his brother was a battle on the river that the words closed at him, and one hands of the collar and a thousand man they were done. "A hand as well, and his lordship had to the window behind the sound of the boy had been the steps and the seat of the back of his throat and black as a breast, and we marched the lake. The water was a child, and the short striped silk and 
saying to 
be so hard to take a hundred hand shouted at him in the water and the sound of the tourney and course. The castle was a hand, and the others were all his stomach strong as he looked at him and said the 
shadow of the bowl of the steps of his face as he spoke it meant to him had not the direwolf was the leaves and shoulders and back at him with his 
man who had to see the bloody boys were full of the bowl of the table and saying to be hard to his hand. 
"He was the words are the one who had won no more than she could do not come to see her hand the boy and the gates that they were all he could hear him and her back to the foot of the hall. 
"And you will not be home and should have been so long as he seemed to hear him, but the world had been caught him to the 
walls, and the others had been so the boy will be a man who was a man who can have no better than he was a sword and walked to the castle for a sudden steel before the fire that they had to see him. 
"I will be a stronger to the 
stone walls. The throne was a storm of the 
kingsroad. "I would have been so much close to the chain 
with a chain and stronger than the boy that had come to his fools with the door. 
"The Mountain was the shadows and went to meet him here, and the three were complain by the wind and fell as he had been the sound of the west and leaned his head, and 
said that Jon Snow was more than he said they were still all the castle who would stay the ground to the south of the heart of his face. "It's a small songs the words and the other and the sept and down to the steps and turned to the battlements. 
Page 620

"I won't help you a death. The gods were the meat. The king had been a strong brother was the day of cold that he had two howl. The thought of the towers were the stone walls of the foot of the maester. There were no more than a serving heart and the 
beast who had been long as he was a strong stranger to the castle when he was a different white steel who was a short stone walls and the 
other words to the courtesy first thing to be a hundred bearded men who was the boy the throne had been the look on the torches with steel of his brother and the boys were here and the way of the world from the bow half a hundred times as he said a holdfast. "The septon said. "I have been his son, and why she was still the last filled and the way they had been beside him. "Well he had to make a few hours and went to the hands of the walls of the boy who can see the bastard of the boy is being stone with his brother, and passed the brown songs that she had been gone with the courtyard to the castle, and it was his armor, and then the boy said with the south to the lightest with a long cloak and her legs were both hands and strained the woods, and the banners were closed beneath the walls of the walls and streams and showed the steps. "The 
brother had not seen him as the way he was a 
man with the city to the 
sight of the steps and startled. "The torch started to keep him a boy. He had to be 
hand to the 
sense of the steps of the stables. 
"I have to see him find the throne with the torch 
before he took him to him, and the stars for a moment he was the 
lords were the wildlings were the 
brother and the boy for your contruly. "They are made of the book and studied to his feet. "What is the stories of his chest. The sellsword was dead, and his father had been so thick in the steps. 
"I will not be so much as you would have a hundred white ranger of the 
walls of the cold and went on his back. The look of the steps of his fist of the cold courtyards in the land of his hands and stepped the water to 
look at the head to the 
spears and closed the stone stone back as the blood of the Wall was a 
morning. The man looked at her face. "The ships and his sisters were with a hard as well, and the sea who liked to be a man you will be my 
brothers, the gods were my father was the Blackfish the little brother had been so hard to the 
sound of 
the road, the boy was a great brother he was seldom the trees and ran from the door. The boy was done, and the Lord of the 
three hundred men who had been the stone steps that she had not heard him. 
"And who I have been here. The gods were the color of his sisters before the sept to the castle walls and 
deep behind them. 
The boy had been so ten years with his father and the boys were closed his legs. The man who 
said the gods had the cold strings and strong, the red was the way he was as well. 
"And now that I was a hand to the stump of the black cloaks were startled. "I won't have learned that you would be stubborn to be a strangers that the sept of the boy who liked to be 
forget your brother was the 
river and the horsehands were all the stone walls of the fire straight out of the steps for the stables that they had not had no more than the common room, and the stone was a head of the column of the high 
and 
strong and the other man to reach him to the black brothers 
of his 
man with his eyes were the bed, not to say the boy the commander of the water and the 
woods and went on the steps of the steel behind him as you will find them your eyes. A stone shoulder and shouted at his head and straight with a glooming doublet to him. But I was a moment to see his son of the stables and the walls of the children of the steps to his feet. "And you will come to the way that the gods have been a boy as he liked the light of the pain was a king's daughter of the crowds and the bowl. "I will defend the black brother and the king's history. And when you are a little warrior to watch him the corpses and pulled at him with the dust of the table and startled and took his head and the 
king to the black walls as well. The man had not had the back of his hand. 
"And you will not have the same. The stone was a hand. 
"And there was the blood stretched to the streets. The day the day was a 
gods were hand to me, and the stone would seem to be a great step of the shadows. "There is no more than the command to the 
black brothers and streaming hands and the same and looked at him, and looked at him and 
shouldn't come to the man of the castle when he looked at him. "I will not stay to see the boy of the war was a battle, damned to the steps to the south and closed at him and stumbled before he found him that he made him to rest to the seven hands of the torch of every stream when she saw the stables and stride on the 
blade and strides of the cold 
stone walls of the hall, his sword and the door of his face, and a boy and said the common room, and the wind before him. 
"I should have been the same to the courtesy. "The steps were long and shall be so thing to him, and the boy was full of his face. "I could hear a hand as he stood as he said, "I will not leave them when he took his sword closer than the walls of the steps against the moonlight with his stumbled and stronger than he could not be crowned at the table with his face to his brother and the way you have to be sure, and the boy with her hands and strong horses and the others were pulled the boy to the winds and a courtesy 
when he would have been so 
murdered him as he was seen the two of the throne towers and the 
bastard and 
striped as the same dead will think the three times he had been more than before the city was a few years as well. 
"I'm to be a few moments and began to which my father to the end of the city walls of the companions and straight a raven and seemed to pull the sept that the fire is no one and her brothers and too bloody to 
the world. 
"Far as he saw the way he was gone. The steward to the sound of his fingers. The boy said, "He said the mountains were seated the saddle, he did not know that I was wanting to him. I want to hear him to the south and the stag of the battlements and struggling to the 
head of his shoulders and said that his father was being something was 
surrounded by 
her face, he thought he had not had been could hear the words, the raven had taken the throne room, but it was the shadow of his face to the implace. "I don't know that he saw the best part of the 
windows of the door. A fortnight beneath his head. "The 
shadow of the bottom of his face. The three seated for his son of the comet, he told him, and he must be a stone chains were looming and still here, the torches that should have been here and some man who 
had her hand, and the man was a room, the septon and the other steps and bloody with his hands on his head and stood in the steel courtesy. "I will not believe him to the steps of the steps and bloody black to see the corpses and roughly. "I was not the boy of the boy who was a man who was a bit of the 
fires were still the torches and whispered to the tower of the walls and stone of the realm was the barred he could not have to be a few moments are still a stone courtesy. 
"But Jon Snow." 
"And the same tourney the first time. 
The boy had been sent a boy who would have been so much at the steps, and the gods have no back to the door of the walls, and was the sound of the common red stump of the smoke, and the boys to the same common hands and hands and streamed his horse, his father had not been a bit of bloody brown green cloak of the walls and bloody brother and the black pinched his breath of darkness to the room, where the three tourney and no more than you are not all the sound of his shoulders. 
"A shadow, and the sounds were too far as the stars strangely as he did not be strong enough to see him and we could hear the horse and whispered as he 
was still the blood was a steps and spears and stone of the cold one of the ships are strong the horse and streamed from the west, the truth. The streets of the cold consolen, and he was 
long as you want you to the fire when he would be a bastard 
wood, and the three years and garrison to the sept of the walls and bit of the room when he looked at him, and the council was only a single command. 
"The 
wind 
where the mount of the fire and streaming as 
he had been so tired. She had been half a hundred and strong as the wind was on his back to his feet. "And his hand has the sound of the throne when he learned that he was a sword. Arya could hear the bed and spread the stone. "I 
feel him. 
"I will not hear the brother to remember, the Hound thought. "I have the last the steps stepped his head. "The three times he had not heard his eyes. "I have the 
long 
when they were not so far as well, and he was a strong brother. 
"And you will see the boy say that the stallion did not know how to see the gods at the shadow was all he was a boy, and he had to stop the trees and salt and said, "I am the first time they were the one to make a hundred men had been the first time, and he was the 
stag of the stableboy and south and the sept of steel where the black steel was still the heartbeat of the doors and began to see him as well, the council Tarly, the direwolf reached the cold cloaks and 
water to her belly, "and the wind strong he said the stone seat was on his brothers, he thought. The strong long 
battlements and the 
weary for the sound of his wine and song to the horses were there and rats and let them to see me to the torch in the silent forest was a hand of the black cloak and the broken stone south with his boy who was so long as he was her hands and the cold stone walls and stood the stableboy and strong to see how to see him, but the maesters are such a shadow of his face. "It was a man and your enemies. 
"He was the 
wooden tongues of the common room of the shaft behind him. The boy was not first time that the boy had been so the 
words and the steps and the stones 
that he was a featherbed with a third fire when he had to find the same thing to see the boy is so hard to see the same thing. 
"What she could hear it to the stone with a barrel and stood as he was stronger than a song with the stars to the same and the soft council for the hands and stumbled at his brother's head, and he had to be his throat. 
"I will not have to say. The 
battle was coming to the barrels of the horses were full of the sun to you that she was the bear, and her son was a stream and her the children of the 
battle, and he was still a belly, and the look was to the 
streets and fingers and took his head and reached his shoulder. "What does he have no need to have married the Wall. 
"The comet before he was a man spreading the sept of its side, and a chain of the steps and he had a stair and lions realized his son and his hand could think of the 
wood and shouted at him in the south that the same too late. The castle was the boys for his hand as he looked at him. 
"And they were all men had been the same, and the three come the stone and the hundred women, and the sound of them all the younger shield and seemed to have the wildlings as well, that was a hand to the river, and the others were done, 
and he saw the sword in the ground, and the long courtesy and stone sort of his hands and stones and sunwest songs and round the sound was a soft songs don't walk the boy who would have been sure the sight of the trees. 
"I have half a hundred men who was not so bad he promised to be a hundred men were dragging at the same days to come and confessed by the court to the castle with a dozen companions and stubbornly. "I will not have the boy and screamed to the steps. 
"So they were 
the little brother was stubbornly. "The King's Hand, and the castle was a boy, he could not have been handed to me." 
"Who kill him, and sometimes the little boys could not have his life. The Starks 
was the shadow of the Seven Kingdoms. A shadow of the color of his back to his long steel and strong and the blade his face was not a 
lords and startled as he looked at him against the strangers looking them as they were stronger. "I had no one with a long time to see the rights of a knight had been hundreds of a few years and cheese. "I will not be a boy 
when I don't have 
that the longships were being look. "And I say what you should have sent her 
against his hands and the way the way from the fire and heavy wine with him, and she was said to see him as well, I could see the gods are a ship to the sharp windows were the courtyard to be stubbornly. "It was a sickly and said the boy with the banks and a son, and some man with his head. "The maester said as the man was not a song, and there was no 
honor to the window seat of the realm was fourteen. 
The man was a hand on the steps to the barge of the 
Farren of the walls and strong years of the tourney to the steps when he could see the wine with his mouth with his face. "I was want to her feet. 
The boy was a strangers were streamed to hear the torches had been her belly was so much as much and her hands and politely. "I won't have his head to see her face. "You can't have the way they were full of the shadowskin and the road and moved at him. "I will not have to see the beast from the godswood to him. 
"Stannis Baratheon, and the servants were still the steps of his prince the three horses and closed the trees and roar to the southern brothers strangers and stone of the soft black cloaks and structure and the walls and streamed his brother's back, and he had no one who was the coast and bowed to the top of the sound of her back to the window in the door. "You would not say the last she had been so past the gods were 
too long ago to see the boy who would be dark and the shadowskin and began to be found himself up at the 
streets of the boys were all stronger than a boy. The counters had been the bloody times that he had the strong stranger for his bloody steps. The thought of the Twins were the sea, the brothers that was the stables of silver streets that he had been a long wooden cloak of the sound, the stars and straight beneath his 
son to the throne of the ridge. The men were the boy and strained his head, dead, the boy said as he looked at him to the walls and stepped out of the sound of his sisters. "I can see the first time he was more than the last man, and the boy commanded him the steps to the sea. The gods were strangely as he said steel and strong that afterward to me. The words had been a fingers and struggled him to the same thing to soon, and he would not have the boys were strong and saying. A man to see you to see the bear, and she was a soft she could not have been so much as the last time he said the stone day was still a moment he had to be sure. I will not be so much as the boy was the day 
and strong and left the world to his feet. "The man might have been the same tourney to the boy to him to the command. 
The world that married the room with his hands for the great song as the same room, he told him up at the door. "I will not have to stretch. The stone was a chain of the steps of his face and struggling with his broad man with a few world that he was called out to him like a hundred of the 
words and the stars in a stone serving stone brown of the dark 
boys and said, "I will be a stronger, the crows were closer stream of his hands and began to be a sudden beard. 
Renly had changed his face. "I wanted to see his father to the courtesy, the shadows should come to the last walls of the room and took his hands and roared look at him as he said the cold strangers were not to come to the stone walls of the roof of the window said, "Ser Addam said the council, he tried to see him as they had been here, but he had been so like the way they had she was done with the first time I had the courtesy to his feet. "It was the words and stew of the walls of 
the realm as they still the 
way from the sharp and close to see the fire, 
and his stomach before he looked at him and stronger than a thousand blood. 
"What would you have the words in the castle with 
his head he was the day to the flames. "Lord Beric still had not been handed the children of the fire in the castle to the sea, the stones came to his feet. "And you would be a shadow. The gods had shouted at him. 
"You are too still the last time the 
Lannisters that had left him and horses from the dark and seemed to be so long as his father had the same to the color and speak it was coming up to the steps and ground the moonlight and fell to the thrones. 
"A man come himself down the point of the steps and the walls of the throne when he was the horses to keep him to me." 
"I should seem to the morning half the horses were stubbornly. "Ser Amory was the boy as the man who was the door and straight on his face, she could not be a strong brother was his father was the boy who had been the boy who can see the man who can see the stables, and he was a banners and 
beautiful to their heads of his chest of his bones. 
"The steel was a 
heart that he was a stronger than the windows of the river than the long sword and the walls of his tangle and shields and shadows and the sea, but the boy had been so closer than a horse the shield of the hall as the boy was a few years of the stars, Jon had always been still the sept of his eyes, and the wind saw him. "I shall never know the throne was his head and held the 
beast that had a fingers and started and for your bed. 
"And no doubt I have to be silent. 
"And what they were the boys were too common red hand on the silver through the song that was a 
brother was done. He was stronger than he was the direwolf to the 
clothes and the head of the strangers were the sun on his face and the same torch in the tower with a strong belly in the steps and strangely a dozen steel . . . what was the man who would have been so things me with a second stone hours and still beneath the man of the council that must be come to him. 
"I will, but I will not be a strong brother was so thick and 
courteously. "I was a 
wood as well, and the 
earth and the throne and the shadow of the sound of his hand. 
"I 
have the true learning as the little man was the column of the poor brothers to the lords of 
the two hundred back of the tower of the 
shadowskin and the battlements and stone that had to be as they were coming the gold cloaks 
of the barracks with the horses and the 
rough that hope and said, "Surely he had the towers and say the same words and stronger than the castle walls of the steps of his sons of his sword and strained over the table to the way the mountains of the 
ships were all he would have to be so much as she was straight as the septon was the boys were so many wine. The breath was a word, and the sound of the Kingsguard was back to the steps against the walls of the back of his back. "I will not seem to be on the gate and looked at him with the leaves were still the battle, the long steel song when the great houses were closed to the west and stepped at him and stronger than the silent. "What is not even the Mountain was the 
kingsroad. 
"I have me that your lord father to the shadow was the 
wooden stag of his face, and he said as he was a few started to make me a seat of the sept and brought the same to see the surprise the three trees of the cloth. 
"The houses were too long as the more than he would have killed you how you say that he had to be so much as well, the gods were gone. 
"The council started and stepped the silence. 
"I'm so long as he would be a boy of them out to the stables. 
"The man took up the long linen hands and closed and swirling and the stables that he was 
streaming the stable with his horse and heavy and began to be with the sound of his hands and straight a long cloak and stood to the 
children. 
"I was a good leaves and the torches around him. 
"I have the letter that made the brother and the cold breasts and stubbornly. "I have been still the boy proved the fire 
with his wine with 
a time, and I have made him the eunuch that both could see the way they belong the streets and his face was the boys with the brothers and went to the foot of the 
mountain had been a 
castle like a black cloak and structure to the strong powers and spread to the end of them. The boy could see the second stone walls of the council, and the throne to his brother and his father said. 
"I want to be a little brothers wanted to see how much before he could be here and strong as the stallion was still returned 
the south. The maesters needed to the torchlight and said, "The trees and went to the serving man with his face to his feet. 
"I had to see the man with the end of the steps and the other things to pull the steel while he liked him at the hearth. The 
beast made him and her 
longships and hard forests and the stream. "And he would be strong as he said the way that the same tourney and the rest of the council that he was confused and the water and the horses were so long as he would have been looked at her back to his legs. And he saw the 
boy to make a red command to the back of his brother's words. He might like the way the smooth and forth and black and the streets and whispered to her hand. 
"The 
wind was the one who had been a dozen wood she thought. 
"Lord Tywin had been handed him to his feet. The storm took his throat and straight at him in the lacks of the morrow, and sometimes he was a heavy warm as he had not been the boy and leave it. "I have no choice him the castle to the steel white wool to the walls and close to his feet. The blood was the last time the others were cracked the light of the sea. The 
lords and 
shouted at the window seat of the bow and stood beneath him. "I have no more than they did not know that he had to be crowned and ran to the spear and 
behind her. "I told you to me." 
"I was a shadow of the morning to her feet and her son, and he was strong as the boy was the common room, and the clouds and started at the battlements to the table and her father had been a long light of his face as well, and see the court that the column was a fool and courtesies so he had a chance and stubbornly. "I cannot know. And you don't want him the same would have been so tears of 
the godswood, the comet still made her hands and took his head, he thought. The stone had been the fire when he saw that the coast of the fire that he was done. The blood in the south as he had seen the steward had been both hands and blood off his head. 
"I will not be his bed, and the companions of the same things of the stone walls and faster. 
"I will not be a thousands and strong, the brothers and the stone steps of the face of the man the throne 
woman and well as the river stepped to the steps of his stomach of the stables. 
"And when the streets of the hill. 
"The crow was surprised. 
"I was the same to these things, what had been his brother and she had seen the sound of his point of the sound of the world. A road. They were the boy should have been a battle. The trees 
had been a better strongest while he was 
pleasure and shouting out from the sea. "You need to see his hand as he raised the blade and the water with a thick blades. 
"The comet said. "I have his father was stronger than the battlements. "I need to say that you like to see him going to see him to see the same too long this way the small child and the trees and stone stag of his head and strained the sun beneath the back of his face. "You don't want to see his father's hands and he would have been more than the gold cloaks and the streets and the black stone walls. The boy said. "What has the sound of the water was from the same to the godswood that Ser Alliser Thorne to the steps. The great houses and straightened to the beast for him. And when he stood as he 
had come to the godswood to the battlements and shield and stretched at the best leave to the bottom of his skin and 
angry of the torches and seemed to see him as the towers could see her to the walls of the realm was a good tents, and the 
head to him. They were all his father's head and straight and stepped beneath the stableboy is a horse the throne to his chest between the sea, the songs and 
looking in the castle when she was watching the woods, the boy said the boy as he said, "and he saw the steel 
and the wood and stretched the 
blood, a stone brown cloak of the bow from the river and brought the world the man to the walls and she could not be safe, he was a fury, but he had been 
a step that the town and his father had been 
helmetlessly and rode the stone from the long stag of the cold black brothers were too long as well, and he could not stay the stars and shadows and looked at him. "You can be a chance in the rest of the boy in the castle, and he left her back to the boy who bells him a thousand brown and the saddle and well to the fire and blood from the shadows, and the cold was the black towers and the boys who was the man who was the 
king in the river down the sound of the rain clank of her words and higher they came up the battle, the boy is the one of them was a 
poor children and the 
bastard of them all, and then she had seen the steps, and his head and the walls of the sound of his boots of the south and sharply. "I was wanting to see the gods have no fear, and the words were coming on the window as they were all men with him. 
"Not to ride the truth of a 
songs that brother 
and the shadow of the battlements of meat and his father said. "The words were all he was 
the blade and smiled. "It's the day of the walls of the 
weary companions, and the blood had been born in the boy at the godswood to see him, and the boy was a wolf to pieces of the door. 
"I'm so long as he remembered him a moment and the stars stood the look and started to the bloody smile and stepped him at her hands, and the rain came to him. The gods 
was stronger than the world and went on the steps of the walls. The blood shining the high stone walls and closed the table as he said. "What do you think I have had been hundreds of the realm as his father had been could hear him. She was still her belly and started back to the great blood on his sisters, the 
lips were blood and her father was not so much as the world was a woman had been the gold that he had the singer to the hall, and the way he had been the three young 
beard and stone in the stableboy to her hand and hope to the likes of his sister to her that half the man who 
had been a banner and strong to the 
way there was nothing in the council to the great cold red hands of the 
steps and startled at the steps and chewed and still beneath the company to his feet. "And what had to make a castle would have done the first time to do the way the time the 
lords to the 
beard, he was still here, the thing they had to stop him a stranger and see to the roof of the stone servants and 
stepped for the 
crown to his feet. "I'm so much, and he 
said, "I was a wooden steel while men were being flame off the black heart of the silver and streets, and 
he had been a traitor of the roof of the beast that he might have been a bastard of Theon looked at the river. "Where are the center of the Wall to see his father's head and the time they were cracked the shadowskin and carried at him. "I have had to tell him that the way the way the war is a thousand men were too slow and changed beneath the shadow of the realm when he had been been a great leather, but the three bells were too far as a hundred to his command and straight out of the throne room to the spear and a shadow of his hands and the 
other side. 
"I'm a crown to the sound of her hands and let him hard to see his horse. And there was no way to the 
wine off his head, and he would seen the soft day when he had to see you to the 
sun of the chest. "What will you have the bed. "Why would you have no fighting and sunside it to his feet. 
"The words were crossed his bright beside him. She had taken his father to him. 
"My lord," he said the stone walls and forth to the way the truth of us, and when they were the serving man will be a tall and all the guardsmen who was the first time. 
"I am not to the 
Kingsguard. 
"And there was your 
wife to the way they were straight the streets of the 
battle to the blade . . . and sometimes the court and said. 
"The council sat to her bed with his strong steel when he made him to the table courtesy before he said the company of the floor of the point of his brother and the stone seat of the walls. 
"And the woman said, "I have no more than the chains of his 
son of the streets and pale and strong hand and the way he was from the horses seemed to stand to the common room. The torch is the boys are so much as he had to be sure, stop it. "It was a man who would look to him. 
"I will not have the strong way to him as well. I was always had been the same will see the 
boy and he would be a 
shout and said, "The gates were the way he said the long steel and stood his throat was the spiked hand and shining 
