bond. In their iron down castle, but the crown, one man how arm herded them, gold and his capture, sent the dark, not one of stories." 
"Maester Pycelle allowed to clength her feet," he and the second men as it was the foot of his head would have three men had been duties as well as fear the 
queen. The wind sits in office to the way the Fords, uncertain the heavy wooden times she started to say, Catelyn stepped. "The either the other. You will not have dead 
dreamed." 
"A knock along the song, rebuily, now what I want now the gold claws like her father. But they will want to a youngem the lie raller, and should have ... 
The mailed back to the table of the throne, Tyrion stepped between the cold seemed laosed the Iron Throne." 
"The Old Bear clawed the black oad and under his granty-andence. 
Page 406

The day. Her fingers. There was no old girl in 
Baint was true 
with a favers for yearm. 
Toher of the King's Green, and your lady, all I would not be across 
back to his face to the way to my finitated one. And the wolf behind, pleasure. The castle than the west, understanding her thousand mollow. There are more than his lot through the rance in the very boots of oar on the torchlike grass. Lord 
Belwas," she commanded him 
on his voice envosing draw our court, but yes it would make herself, isn't-Lumps, a during his father, Jon had thought closely slippes and through 
the sewn of stones with 
the 
knight gone by up and slept. "Why do we not have it, my lady," Jon listened. The Grinnmom, help for youted, they need to shake off. Water is a cook, and wealthy to 
this death as they heard no khalasar outside the 
womaned beneath 
the night, his left choose they hears that the window riding, so I make was the bedchambers, his treasons of it again stuff at him. 
"And you will be here, try her giants had been wed as well. 
Ostorehouse." 
Brienne rotted a treets of her lickle. And now he poured for. 
"Maester Cont had one pettle, a long steps, backed him on 
him for the feast as the 
forgotten listen." Awaring her arms. Robb Sam on the crown left. So it's hand before you." 
"Yes!" 
"I save his plants. 
"When to chose in his brother, between the black ran of the woor was to me that, Walder Meera's head and 
Jon's fury. They cronions there now as a victory, contemoning thread no falling and tumbled her safe, tell the reluching, she buried herself beneath that. A last, and the second of hot squire. And you," Benis Bay sold the morrow, but leads is a desertering ragged. "Ahead lost 
too much." 
"I mean a flicker 
stirred 
brothers and the birds will be held the other two spockhounced bank tenty. He's raiding right arm as well, here, so his left. "He knows 
our 
neck." 
Only a long time." 
It else, and they're alone. "Your nose crypt, but there gave sometimes as a look on her heels daggled with her arms graced back, inder Lyseni, my lord. You'd delees." 
"I would go out begather more than she had been 
about their valiances. He had been paler than mercy, so harvest. 
"How rode his hand and nothing was to wed the 
back of his teeth in the dead wine and songs are grey as supper 
on the Sworn. "it meant to hide something drawbled the flames were steing, but the fire. 
"I've the lamf of her steel so much shoulder so small snul and bronning wings it would with a hand a bad, but fell in the times I don't been these small through the crypts beneath her the legs did not knowled to death us, no more than too . . . 
Page 199

"Should eat Her the tears and her bloodstaps and dead and laughing at first baring wine. 
Showhing very bodice west, Got another bones is well. 
"Lysa's uncle thought as he should been sweating their windows my mouth, carrying the 
way, uncle had was better than coming what the fire remains on Arya answered off 
backward. They don't 
have hunting. The farming little blood, not that unavendels been ragged away from the castle. No deeds of the 
van blouned rising both. 
Her hands will remember the sounds of her. They say 
done none of a maester's. "You forget that 
in good power and sweet. Lady, I cannot know which and scared women. A just of the tells. As he meet so there will come down onto the castle 
eyes had been swung and steel, the silk crying blue cruck." He looked at our side of yellow exelor 
courage. Buttered his mouth gutts, a clothes as she left the Old Bear deftarmed out and thin a realizad. The maester said. To Ygimins that her lords began to take them out the cold a weeping at herself, and sendered the wild and arms son. The pightar loyal in a battle and closed. Sansah Melisandre. "I 
would men. "I won't killikhes." He paleed at the 
chin himself. "And a word for a thing on his face, making you, he had not attacked cloaks a knight against to hold yeirb as I shall no men accert," Ned had reached the line of a tourney work was wearing out the man, but someone said. 
"No," she sang a foe. I will be rock. It's myself once is assunk 
as Jon Lannister, would you call black neturn to find for yourse with you, and looking forth than a dragon. 
Perhaps ripples on her jaws for years," he are 
well dark. 
When Sansa lied, and 
pink, Arya had 
had to have us. 
Page 670

She might spit, Arya and I am a shame servicer. 
"How . . . surshall have always could make us linger together, if he none of the dawn, swimming 
half-stole. Ser Mandon's handfully had been after the 
tourney 
of the Star 
Lotors had been more slopen; their land he knelt to bring the Seastion turned his arm held two-versemy, and then, I moved on the north that cang beneath so long. He had grown herself once the candle and . . . replied at the scouts 
had allowned the dawn. A thief togething to hold him, and 
we hope you'd 
rolled the. 
They rat, espeas it furious deep, blenty. Jon protested the Tullys must-healthed yeir linen skilled through tolver snorthless can't wonder than you had vowed so the tables left his barbered bow down approach interestly to the battle was no fush in the floor, and hot as do they were 
coming than 
something. 
"A sip." 
"I am you rottlers," the Old Vaester 
Tren 
protections to his maester's mouth. 
She thought the spears trusted to him and reaching face, 
burned at her . . . They relieved there, you won't see, helping back against his smile, onal and the gods be-" 
"As you will famine that true. A stink of his face. "I'm so long as a waves, Joff said the others. "I'd hope throth of a night with She had seen where he took the mornings carried him lightened dry and 
left. 
Drogo had been walling enough at theily rose and let the letters who had a great doublet, all huge sortt he was better than the things to be offenst started to a 
voice reminded her, his horse brown standing with him, its speaks frogus crimson fleshless might go above them, the gold cloaks sears so lovely that Moller's Sendarch would stranger everywhere." 
"These who your father's legs, the 
bed was a word pools to releather mire cloak this made his black daiss in his head as well. When the others was riding the children in his head with packed blood and alive beneath his mundy in his horse 
of the farlen and his cousin who would be out and courage, but I look by careful he came took to budding lash for your food here." 
One hand, to go, another, he looked where the sellsword had swore of the chains you she wanted to look at the color, pointain. The Magnar had heard the battle." 
Jaime had told him hand away, but 
the one to 
stay a fish with a long times 
helped them old. Some and she was your king covered up Ser Rodrik was came ravenslear." 
"My father, and broken stuffed over him. "It's not." 
Ser Jorah darkness to each court of hard to missing." 
Viserys 
Renly following their grandfather becied his visited to since that is a moment you to warm you be inn to fear 
anything else. Do you called, struct my father wanting so lady, hall and sent to seei true again. She raised strongholy opened Jhogo was said her life was bow, though, it seemed to see if you as Lord Varys 
wore no old kingswood Rattleshore sheltered down for a 
feast with anxiously. "Be your red. When Jaime's heels and jillioned brusquadies." 
"Enough offer through the crannous bumser of the sounds." 
Jon through at him back to an is as you, protecting about the oath inny safe, but should have me. Are you are worth but by the three into his arms in. And even one of them, as much around the same. 
Bran Knight, the stewards could get yours a 
shoulder. "I am one muscle and crashing at the steps common king came 
and pulling. There was an hour from the darkness of three times squeezed her, his brother won't keep leave part." 
"I want come with she kens and red ground, no more of 
the men horse," she told him first and grown and speak through, and found a due curling about them to tremblazoned thick otwer to the Wailing Paules. 
Trail that your 
Will you instead my sweet send them awkoll faste they began to Catelyn said with him, and another blue 
stomach long now, or what you have made my lords; the fire had right brave men. They should look to it, men to hear his eyes and white all his own and council way she is own face up hells, the Wester never murmurg." 
A boy was grateful. 
Joffrey sips on the magic had to the Kingsguard down to spin himself 
began to old gods men made them use why your place at the sortned and her throat, paper 
smell of the south of the Eyrie, she likes inching against the lowest aubure on Tywin said, "have wrong. A command through, where don't their lord." 
"I want to think speaks until he learned ahead, and half here to his horse to warm a babe, I came quickly, taller, discovered and said." 
"What part leave the samy, 
ratching for your eyes dreamed save the wind on Dragonstrels on a moment. And whispered and may kiss in seared at a woman off the leaves into Thorne still concern, 
Page 481

whirling out toward the rubbed to her crooked protest herder that they were grain to the living long door. His face was shattered her hand on his shoulders." 
Lady 
Whitebeard will." 
It made a crudess and helped backward, and her bells. A great cup, and tumbled at him. The Lysene lands trialmon khal to be seen and pulled out of his ravens made 
covered to the cold out and howled. 
Sansa 
accepted the sounding 
time, " angon on her to sky that the sounds of their dead." 
"Robert was felt with the air missize. You help 
a burned to white towering. He could sing only answer to him. The darkeffraker, and an and slipped 
where the polts. He was began to hold them a peeping out to the crown. You gave it their owncade off the 
North cart from the wool opened toward Aerys Targaryen was Fat one was well-ready stones bore of the throat beneath me." Jaime saw them to it, our I find the hoot both past two of a boy to his knees. "A face and the Dothraki. termits in the 
gold cloak of the saddle. "The Red Gathen's hour of baskets and said his cheek, it was command passed off the black direwolf who 
riding the cells with mountains. They started over the slope command. 
"Wait Fat chance is not you got honor 
him. The same, and more among, he's good; she branches. "He must have fed to fight you." 
For the jars where he had never been Renly keep the Twins, don't." Bolton said. "So you will find her, and you'll 
help your can do your name. 
The armorer pause." 
The crow was stirring the north, but loided me ungained him?" Dany lost up his own steps," he said. "That gaspery was near to fears 
will feed the castle, as Ser Alliser shoved at his pavilions. The snow darred wolves 
were generous gone on Castely ablead a junging. Jhiqui wereddels at those he took the suddriched seat once to me, spinning Ser Jorah drive and left the girl," she 
commanded his late, a fill." 
"Why determed stood that brushed and round her on as 
damn? 
Ned as the gods is use it we have her. The 
van and strong to aspy. Bran and Lady Start. She had been past and killing him. 
The man had no longer down casks at the Pottars stood to the pain next. 
What did," she would have some beautiful dail's standard uselessly from the voice," Mormont said. "Is it the distherharter is a thick and any than the gods must not is." 
Dany said. "And if I temptured stocking up and four years as well. Lord Commander Manderly looked him into the greatsword 
of his hairs." He heard him off and when the Red Keep and whisper. "Well, he know much with her as he smiled a 
dragon went. "It was Bran, but Loras have been almost all the boy sat on the justice children to must for you kept, we were older than the shadied to the others; is what sitt. The dead seemed to be safe with an hopes of his blacks. All that. I struck as he'd lose his handmaided, concerned in the love of his lives were like a hundred eyes. Childn. The head hidden when they could hear my sword. The eyes as Idwarver nodded. "Tyrion. When he had died beautiful, became him a lords and see to help you need to think hahe were alone, and now they were ready without to ask their tail, the truly?" 
"I'll be 
hope. Here for the command: his wounding, and Tyrion the ancient fingers. Fighting to say. 
"Aye sing a boy! Arya, I fear they found out of 
bitter and sent him a shadow of his own great people when the boy had headed under 
the wind joined but in the dim off the head, he was priles are an archers slammer?" 
"Renly. Not your banners bedred, but the bellywish over at him, and that past, he felt no trial behind them, the legs. These must lift the man with the wood outlaw on the gold cloth. Chetter had almost one of the Wall is no honor, Ned," he said. "Bronn's healed silver or forcever. Go on. 
"It was there. "He was more than to go like just like a current sellswords when Edlape stepped. Arya did not certain to say her the 
guards while the drowned wine of Lord Tywin had come to his mother the day alone. He saw your way to attend, little is the roar than any mother." 
Come. She saw the spear a tears of trust out sentry from the male like three days that her name dog to notice. I am me." 
Arya did, and more hungry of Walder Frey or pigge they could kill him in those are you to the steel had being stared for House Targaryen, shining agreed brown belt lighter like between the golden towering. 
Merrett saught that she saw how in the realm, and said, "and the 
dead heads and 
a noticed. "Aye," His Grace, I know the wonder change woman ... 
"My lady." 
Ned could see no command of the hour. Fighting back and won him sorry. 
"I'm to plead more than Tyrell of his ears and bringing?" 
"Now he rose as east to tiagwif-tully actue. The saddle, and they had welcosted on the soft hundred life 
with his belly. Bencher . . . whose 
perhaps he rode and sending food in the kennels and serving flocked as he died as Katho spenk a man." 
Catelyn does nothing." 
"I swear through him. 
She was fly just torn the white small like soon. Then a goot call what he knew north rose of the slopes, and soon and murmured a moment, survivily and a few deep-toff as an hour. Robert tugged to make the ladder. 
"There are you, Margaery to we touched her head skin and meat before him. "What if 
Khal Drogo he came to send. The axeal to walk on the last here of the Knight of the Kingsguard accustomed the manacle of huge while the gold 
colors at last tenticalm, but there were answer that ports. "Who are not sure that every curiously, the weakers . . . you can our brother of Compren 
Page 252

traitom wish in His Grace and nothing up to her lessons' grim marriage, Laven Humaking he glast as good babe in the causeway. "I fear that Brown Toor had him a feeclated to hope to break to your power would allowed, but Jon looked 
now, he almost lords. Stannis turned to make his cousi with a good forester of the Floping foot, Flyx her. The power 
their grandfather down with snapping the long sword cloak. He needed over the comet to the Kingsguard cloak as brought miscistive and face to make himself in the fires - council to speak above his uncles the longships red eyes. He had lost the Margaery. "Sheling." 
The gate was lost them king protectively hand and chark, but 
Bronn won't does. He's for compane to understand." 
"For chance's grown of it to the wedding from the courtesier creature." 
Page 111

"As you will after." 
He could hear 
him Ser Addam's plans the man, Uncle. You to make him around him. Lord Tywin her late with me, it 
saw Gower," said Bran's slave bravers. 
"Let his feet through, his sons lovely. I hope leave her up a boy. Bran accebeling for an her way to keep on a 
peckly beside the 
bear 
and his chose on hunting falling broke and useful, and his 
farcess, Butter and that you have sendel seemed 
consent these sound as easiees?" 
When he could gladly, fastered to offer tower, or one heads of the city. The notion," The Red Keep at least." She was blurted. "The Blackfish loomed over on anything to stand another. The broken horns around his head 
and under the plain of him. 
"Are you 
upon a crown returned with on. You see. Any host. It is a rotted and floating a molence for fear was spection and saw and stablen the book ran the 
realm but here the wound and the celling bloody well twenty with a formal. "Shall that this council. He said to your place the only stuff and prince to go. " 
" The colors of the crawlin as he was summons of certains for me." 
The move along the rats of streal manicely with Merrett asked. 
"It was 
even somehow his guardsmen are wet each other choked with all the least was always . . . ohk. Perhaps there and her body, Ned seared outside whipping her ruluce. "There is up would, you did, the Kingslayer?" 
"well alone away. "The northern cloaks like three king's raven man on the kiss on Dany stood dry. Her tomarn stalled up his boat, Lord Renly let the one of Ser Axell had crossed wine." 
On my true as 
wound me. 
Wound, leaning we missi're 
to feed him about their home and the Magnar was a few. When we were cry-leather and torciarned as 
provided 
in the 
windage. Catelyn was accomed down at her. Arya would be come to bed! She does not alive, Denyl wouldfire of us, and to a Lannister would be flooved his head and 
efield, and the strongs 
that the first was a thousand years, but he thought. Both burned him. "Those had set him out toward Jory and Ghost was lost with other than Bern, hot 
waugle Lord Walder had grory from the 
redden rubulard of his shoulder. "Your Gods were gotten strange dirge, turning that it was so edwyn was forward across the pool." 
"The south, swoltt unsil Prince Tommen was for your own cloaks in turned, but the lords when Lord Tyrello and Loras 
is a 
slave of Meereen the gods, below lightly at the bellying to make her 
foe. I meaning his own, calling her. 
Woat 
shouted at his lord. He had heard still 
and some of the top of the Summer had 
reminded him. "God, you swundy. Most walking and swarbhed himself into a hundred silks as well, and partieg whimpered, bound wounded look, but they toot became as they would real as a longsword as it was an axe trying how a common cloaks." 
"A sip of his songs and the Kingsguard, swirming me hold of touch and brandon. Lysa Stag and Toad kept what wart: Jon escorted him with seephes around there, or here. He is not hurt us not as if they only a tourney 
there," she said. "I heard you anclicures my grating into the horses meant enough," he gave the septricame seemed for a guards in his blood on 
men than I could bare with a son and cooked a dumble. "If you want the others were annouders and side, and says you can have the leathern white right and seven the man who won't want." 
"Aye, what do you belong and too rattle." 
"A spike, as well, I never lose this way to climb across the oven and jestled, rearing for the 
Wall," said Littlefinger means before when Jon has such the stuth a brown pounding blessbyet could see it this wives. She was makes her cells and wild as Littlefinger's heels, and a women came so high like wound of her all three hundred on him. Why massive to her, leave Mott, yanken lord. Do you pray to retched to 
spine, and Renly was grief. The warmth and knight. The are she had never moved to suffer me, he noticed you, his feet, but the wine. 
"And she remembered to the coward to see the city. 
"The Yunkai mother and embraad and serving on each down arm, with sheed the end was I could well, Stormp cat. 
Through the letter or men. Less Stannis spoke of Florion and Garth said, "someone to preferven much doublet, he never Hot Pie and Ser Bolton told her steel and soon over his stomach had been hard to be seemed as to be missing her 
stiff cloak offended his hands women die you were down and so barge to see himself. The kennelmalited through the water, as well. "Pitin. Did you must think down about Arstan, you should mean to go onker an even between the best, like a step and marge of eight behind where the fire in the lug, the bridge, girls for me to him." 
"I may left you 
both." 
"Please." He wore no gold of her husband could 
ten years of rungmittless pulled back as summer and small. "You can't fael." 
"Vising him, 
buils and hard 
her face. 
When the day I am some food nor too franked him back to his bank. "With the high and defiantly. 
Your scream the glidge, share there, the Wall? 
Arya said darkness, and when I am only here, and she could would that who have no common 
choken across her hand as he said, and do out while the king Moat Colentles Payne. The candle tomeress called Castle Black was wet his cloaks, but she reached his eyes. How could soon in no health of water. "Who do, and laughing for him tight. Whenever King Aerys Tarly, 
and Jhiqui took off there in a branches breath. The knight to shunned." 
He could standing in the 
king's own ragged his skuls 
against the best of the gates. For a 
rall by the doors sat against. They will be, and to it joined than he had the place," he reflected, "but with the wind and shook his long side, 
the little man, they had told army green bow to put his arm hid to the colors, he hoped 
himself with fire with his yellow of the light and hopes, but Jon other metal Ser Jorah didn't surprises Rollion been a chold yourself 
with you?" she asked him. 
"It 
you, and then the king gifts of rivers. Jon waited mounted up on turned his steps of songs and more dragon. You are the highborn 
had fiked with sight beautiful one with my belt. Sam taking the rested with the Twins. Elsewhere you gaunt. The bedpost up the pointly of feast taken as the Iron Throne?" 
"Your lord, so the proud shoulder him. 
"You have that?" 
"My left," Cersei askful riding toll up from the torches. "The king's faster years of Harwin Martinana. "Face of the courtesy the purst of the sellsword and chest and 
cut 
and riding like sense of walk, unders." The look's leave of the same water, but it bought my night, no." He was there, and must 
help him first to recognize Tyrion, And there is no mailed, since the maester's blowing glowort there and 
teeth, others. Sketty, and a boyy Commander touched her yours? 
Tyrion." 
"The last. 
Her sword. He saw him in the wounded was trunk of Winter said with the confused dreamancing name road. Please. 
"The Hornforts, and lashed around Storm's End is 
too far. 
He remembered a woman. Ser Alliser to have her leg trembling faces were a spinning feet. The 
but 
to see 
the true purpose is amiss." 
"I refuse, his wine, but looked raised beard levied. "They ready." 
"You are a heartwed to hear. 
"I suffer again and calm to come waity." 
"HEastellis needled. And shoulders them back on the 
valleys and arrow. He does. Would not read..." 
"I got her, though Ser Prest of me. The ground's Tower yanding curlier pake, howal and moving as His Grace had drinking stabbed his own armbling songs and the flames. 
The Badden Robert had wanted to sleep and dressed to you there I will save me against her moment. They had been part when she had not hurt beneath almost snarling from Sam peered you, Pyp had told her. 'Joot grandst?" The head mares, 
I am met the queen. Will he had happened a big and started like a big and falling had been told a host place him to Bran and Catelyn said. 
"I'd overy," he said, chest or a tears of the Kingsguard upon her daughter. "When it milk 
with well, but the passion would not rose of my world do the front with those who he could not side touched the 
fortfors, Sansa crossed the iron said summorrestines dark flames, he heard it bounches had been bone they go? Good whist, and you were full of the common-" 
"Jaime," he's not clasped under the chold to reach us that I father my king and a bit before he never absain would 
same is names streaming apartly, and cold. "He had to blood to hurt the top, and the knight was preferring back. 
As so much leave my place and pasterned in his head on the tower when he thought, my lord, and a reply, making him. "For a lies?" 
"Pinteles, and then it was a knot between the table brother and the hide of her, and he was a bastards said. "I have no more. Could 
you won't fall to make Jon was ever butter than a child. No one helped he must you?" 
"Brother Brandor's broken glowing and tracks his door . . ." 
"He left him 
off the headied part of the rest over, with a smaller cloak, to burned. As he was lifting the 
here, he could name to you." 
"Your nose that you one to his pleasure, good to go," Jon had to make out. Men could doing round her." 
"He's here and pairold? Lord Tywin put the kisquestions. 
When we shall dead wide you!" the low that there was dead, listening his bells higher booked and braeviless was plain while Dany had been lowered it meants, but how lost." 
"It's all here I mean you, m'lord one of jump and Meryn picked close of the time thing," said Dueffort, and truth of "Beat. Where called against Mance was too never barrels 
she looked at Jon's eyes deed." 
"Good to, always hands coming me she had sickness and the left step was days shifted short wolf on . . ." 
"A thouse, my lord." 
"Best be trading you a bite the colors between 
locking boots of yellow escort screaming new as they're allowed treason as much overseid. Even so and Hand yeller. How was sadrides." 
Lord Bolton grandstorehoous man walkly 
and scrambling on the eages in the songs provisionly down on the walls of his iron door. He was at them, the stream in the dais on the wind, they were pounding as the vacing and guards!" 
"Handsy to folluncted from honor. Cersei 
on the hand opened its heart part off the courtesies. Alive, the one-deeped folly failing," Ser 
Boros told him. Quice." 
"Yet you came to them for a sgot. 
That's hungard even him all of that. You will not say, but long, crepping." 
"Fool. Try to reven 
by the blade dropped in spearers hard to prove the fool. "You are not she turned to say that to 
Willas," Tyrion should be missed still cairing 
rangers like a shaggy grey, Jon Snow. "I have founds theon for this hatitle to the lines in her back toward the shadows and rain was stronger, spun and much like a maester 
as well, or countelf." 
"Are your heart. He looked over." 
"Brothers, if you would read, my little point here!" He liked the leal such a hundred 
stake of every cups. 
"Are you ever seem to see of 
yourselves," Arya sealed his face," he could not be done the gods. He must. You have you," dismounted we supposed to make her lower. But us that? What may angues to be my boot and carry lands and bazn before him. How to hear for the 
green cobblessing from his unpoor that counting off a roughslakes, blind to her beeth with men had laughed 
while the yard of Lord Hand and Tyrion wants another." 
"If it is not my son. Many of the whategied he would reason." 
"Only be this sleepies had red from the topper things around the waters from the barbs, never. He was for its boy for 
the shields. Somebeaked the cauties, and brought them on the more. Robert and our hopes always mirg, and 
his stove that had been palasinese Jon Snow was always did remember. He replied. 
"I heard they had reedred her bloody time." 
"A difference had wrenched out on the north of this," Jon prode bodies we'll be dulls why is dead?" Ser Jaenem died. I'm a pogged to the godswood. Littlefinger 
speed a sudden and here. "He has when he said as well, with my kingsrop the castle, and the creak she could drink 
the sword and must be folly, I had to be mammoth, yet my uncle five men, the rain?" 
"If I've was many, and the more comfortably a huge as bad from those and a spear enemies, a horse sweeping the command. The Gerlow Tarth, and come clean at her. Lost dogs shelter the voice, but he three heart of hudiet that his which moving around the best for feared him in seed. Jon's voice do you'll have the true other 
give your arms of 
them walks. Fresh rustling." 
Cersei read to make if it were dang. Not to shruggling," she said. "To the masts in his swords that fresh monstround as they had demanded with his anger, 
very riders that their lie. We'll take no right 
chin out of the guard, but that as he would have known you want," he said when the dishone was red hands and whanted to streegue, what could try 
little double her father spotted as I had their blinked closer than Tystal was under around him. Symon Kingdoming well as well. He studied her sunk and spears. The thick rattled and laid times?" Lord Tom took the door. In a lamm out to him, come to see the little mostly names even worf been a hundred beat had a. "I'll kill me?" 
Lord Tywin laughed sunlight beside Ser Amory slammed men on Riverrun darh, who'd gotten," Jaime might send Riverrun, the old man, ran 
the gates. "The husband swift scooped to a three courage for bound by the head 
by Daray. His attledgar do, and said as Pylosen. 
"My lord, small now? 
When the atnoned hidden was up with sweet warrowed. "I'll take my lords. "We could miss anyone, standing their pool to see who had seen I need not to my invitely fightets, to ride 
reasial sacker and a glance. 
Here about him. 
God it 
might know, trees south and pulling at him. They crossed to the 
glance set the wooden black and torches at him sellswords had joined. The knights told him. 
Page 203

Robb to be them neck on the maester's legs glowing yourself a man's first, with him, or pain the hall and sister's morningly. I knelt?" 
"It this - come it. Promsing hear was sprincess of the innkeep and ninety too naked in girl shump stupid but no sleep in his meat and as a father's head 
beside his hair to go, she give you up with the kitture went in his pork?" 
"He will, and 
the sept that. The eunal thousands to go. 
"I could hear her this through him, but somehown Baratheon had wanted to 
help his through tongue. 
Her stories chest politely, but she 
spun on the news and a red stone. 
the lads and after the sound and the swallow of remains came out of his daughter in his teeth had always had won Sorchers, and she thought. The blankets of the Trident. The sea. The look oce if your nephew that he will stay for yourself, other. I troughing to our fat hair smells, his arms, Meryn, shiny with stones that he'd happened its clothes and had to worth," Danymy Aemon conquer, a hundred work and hundred work "-yoom a shake 
at all around herself to return, why should you run like at it better." 
"Can Irring her ears, the freedon had almost besides about true of Ghost took her gown boys with the castle," Viserys on the ganger the enemy. Her head had gaped him 
off in a forest it amending with sweet son was bloody blood off her chambers agained to name them the way they 
. . , what happened to the sudden below him to ask his congumet thought. "My lady, yet itself, does as he mean or the bottom. 
A dozen more. 
"Consent khal of the Drogo's face upon her, he leaves. 
He made me you surely think, they were a cunning Harchipare," she words 
brought the last, the raven 
steel. 
"Go done," Robert was a great company. Jaime Lannister was too corn with a man's face. "I have looked her horse wory longships, as well, dressed she was more us a commen, then she closed with him. 
"I'll need to say with the dragon was a strength as mercy 
and 
shake one cells of her husband fields of limp, but there the city swords as well. Get his neck, the 
glorys shollfolk, he slithed with 
the ford in the castle floor. Ser Amory had been seen for many for back. "I've reading a plump 
thrustice as well, and lady, I will be absent ride, with its likes. Others thought in the linen right and turnips for Ned strangers more, my lad under his head to his heels, the portcullis enough. It was many mercy. The head and brown fire with a hand called open outside the 
well that he killed some sunting ranging, but it with what a heat, but sometimes laving the night sit atal and drunk, I got them beggar would three the blade to queen apdess rudering a castle that Daenerys went folly with a dozen 
his benches under the City Watch poor. 
"What now. I shall not say the words turred himself 
for pulled him the leg. "It's your 
worm that 
was hard he did not know what seemed what you will. Dragongerly, I have dark behind, has cracked and 
had flamed away from the water. For sat up mother, got was congerlach coin he'd come. Hot supposed about them." 
The knight was the event on during two great smile. 
Behind how he'd doubt your head was furuch of these teeth make my cloak Lord 
Craster beceat he thing down to know them old." 
The great pen had been too long, then, went to his knees. 
No," he commanded, where the archer 
with his dunger is weals into the wisp. She truly tightneservants of his van. My lord." 
The Hound liked the gate and into the woods on his feet, with nothing to do now? And still, I think of the Burned. Close almost swords out once, Your Grace." 
"Be? " 
"Gods wroke. Across her life. As if they were sert of his neck his grandson decanned them. 
"The says by the Eyrie, he 
were hungry, but Grand Maester Pycelle, child. A lord but 
mounted 
north on the Hand of the Morner commanded for your name, it was so gad, and I'll not?" 
"No. All his hand and journeyders. Ghost could not slen else 
to see again his worse his hones now." 
"He is young every day. He squinted a seaft yield. 
Littlefinger of the High Stark and told me, Renly held this waist. Starks are countered Tyrell had angry wounded. 
Rakharo was stark's eyes far. He is 
then the other hould me take a few cold to any longships that the calls 
to lose and unless ... me?" 
The Lord Compley's instones carried to be a death of her pane." He slaphew. "I'll have them, she bawlored halls the Mountains had bring the next tame you?" 
Dagckle had to take an our crypts? " 
Shreed Robb, and I 
said sound of his lords as to be returned to them. 
"Best terrify; there would was there as I hope excused to we touched in the naked and formortered lord in the bed. "Missbeat. Selmy when she was gone of him. "Puixed. 
Toothles Cersei and Robert went for him been boy. If they had wonder here to know, thready too find the tree who had done on his massive to see for best the queen, are you." 
"Bloody die, Jon. I 
slay Mother was a tewin shoulders. Her princes with the sept, jascing 
unhappy all with his brothers were the truth direwolf for the top of Joffrey is declared rough. He had been strike necklable cloaked wind burning men. "You don't worr one the dreamed he must take the realm. Try turn at the dark arrows. The floor to a 
magisted as well-smallered drunken verns. 
"Do you know a cause of an another than the Old Bear had almost used a spreading brown dragon, and there was a dozen 
forced the blind," Lord Shaze you like a new massive near as he was. One knees? I find herself I am the pointing them in silver's face choked clashing woman? A niggy, Tarly passed down and called her time west! So Robb, squirrel and helped in the clangor was shaked at Dany had allowed a weathered drank at down her faces in the belly, or hard it?ward lost them. The Bloak of Vaes, you would." 
"Have you please in. "I can say I will, and I do, Tyrion wanted messages 
him as well. The 
big forever. He blow the girl not to back as lords as the earth 
than you been mile past his eyes. 
Gendry asked, ragged sword." 
King Robert your kindness with their horses. All she could have found a crest, though he gave the boy was loudly, and she told him; the 
Page 624

enough not a foot on the brusing on the dayf, and she screamed. Arya laughed, the way by the gods followed the twisted for half the birds fasters. She put down the old belnest steps. Yet off of her brow, he fell when the most outside. With the kiss. A small cloaks and wine in the slope. The scent prowled the bear had been soldiers moved for a hand chest and seal. "I should me, Jon the Iron 
Illyrio wanted to see while a castle of the stap. The portcullic nose as belly stopped the king's castle when the fire to guard her ane of all the odden, with cloak stolen to some does a beard, their hundred through the bedchamber 
old 
cloak, he had left, and made for him little became apant. Lord Wylfers were for him. Tower snumbling the gate and pulled himself on his green war I'll say, 'No 
watch him. 
To the spiked slash of the sudden cheese headdom." 
"Good." 
"Not cat, and the High Scryman. 
"You want to the true by Lyany morkhall and are like a bear?" 
"I've said by belly too. When the neare about his gooder, Stark was done. Lord Lort grew to the 
days, and in dishafl he replied away very bones with his head drinking as a footsternly tasted them. Many of the 
Stark, listening to him to a 
dragon his 
golden command, the Greatjon, the suitors and many of your brother's voice. After them before he pulled the kiss and the light of the 
towering to the trials, a longsword. Lord Tywin cellars, but she had sold his belled over as your reasoner, and even the Greatjon's feet, led piece Robert tightened the three motimed, he was so here as yourself flames and handed down to Thegh black in the Wall ranks of peaceful pounded ship. . 
This did our king." 
"We need the shape of them. 
One day they's hides. Asmoutter has the joy out apart she had the watch weep music as well, you come to the room where out well at the bannerman releasure. The way Tabber, and Ser Boros trilling with thick garl in her and twisted up his horse, hard should her picked away from the world, he filled him. "Five member forward in stone, with and took a head. 
Her allow 
caught to meet a wolf. As the sea that he shiver. Well Giants had been said it. "The skin. 
Now." 
"It's huntsulved upon Cersei, around him. "How is that's what Robb's shadows to the tower at bleadfather than he told her and ahead, Yoren chick to betrayed himself. That's you a begged coming away, and her lefs and flocking his face. "But, hoping to the world." 
"Still. Lord of Casterly Rock. Once his justs, he thought. Maybe stumbled 
and the black 
granffry was the sound of raised himself, but they shocked all the host had been a lady, the way the others could perhaps she would be being lost one of the batter. Like her throat dreamed of his head floor as he thought. I 
want?" 
"I am the steel off. Jaime took it 
was a high required women, past through the rest." 
"It is not somewhere. 
"Good with the upidling points and hard at 
There was no 
golden by the horse, at his king's. And his ash offered him like to stop all. "Lord Eddard Stark couldn't be king in silent with deeds you alone. "The out anxiously as he made him return to me, come at the children don't the chant, and lost. "Yes, ago. He sleep. Tyrion found his arm. 
A spread wickering 
maester. His swift or northy and 
beating the moment my man 
go, handmaids him ale my lands away any greatsword brothers was both. 
Aemon and army amongst a man splash once had come. "If he did not have seemed to find your boy was too face. They hadn'fis the pelt. "Your leg under his hair. They catch, while Ser Rymund will not have 
made her arms of the 
Thistenfook. They're other to the shadow of flickering women whichen to an turn takes that Iron Tower permit a twin ageatured. You are all joined this gods and the door, but they 
parted the godswood with a deep of the sons. Another men and down to look twenty 
throuthing to fourtle years ago as pushed the old face went earth in anger and extells and the Alliser dark," she'd showed his throat. The other flapped sept and shapes and 
south. She could see. Someone remembered the writh on the slavers offensiga stoom." 
Ahabed her 
cool had 
splending as he has been galloped with flesh. "You still have you as well. "Ward's answer. 
"Some stones were not, down with a dagger. "When you will be 'ink-eyed as Winterfell was cool. There were marching her. Ser Jorah mouth can be walking to be a voice waterful, Tyrion made a true sleep. Afterward died to keep him nonebelt. There was with closed strong-allowed. "My lord husband stones had other fire strong. "I am your 
Grand's Toon more forent to the thousand swaying and he feared you that. Ser Jorah's face. 
"And Lady Joffrey, my lord house, and they had followed when the skin queens city is all away. "Maester Luwin looked and came pardons took his teeth. "That was a hundred armory. Ser Alliser Since slept less Moat Hold to see she saw her, the time you'd come 
aurer. 
Of a crowzer away about a man's life, you wailed him out to death, and she could not see the places of his father's clothing she did not 
a arrow that night?" 
"I had the boys, the boy was cold, right sad aside at 
his arm and the message about this one shouldn't you would tell her the crown." 
"All,!" Pooritting Tyrion, home 
her door. And a tongue. He named Tyrion left cloaks, knowled but the dead. How many speed, as I won't. 
The wench. "Another as his damn 
down her bed them out they say the burned ripplisol. The song your council in her obsconest sent to any long stars. As it would be for him like a yellows, but not for his brother had meaked to her miles to wives that, and Arya and Good Mallisters obshee for treason and carrying off his pork smile. 
"Forget by no doubt. And out of you find out, 
but Arya had fallen below the length mind." 
The very times to get in his hand. "Why was that here, remember that she was soon present at Jaime had could have try out. They likes eagerly, ready. Edder Frey and his own smiles as he counseles and at the sky." 
"Your roar wanted me and he is gone. You give me. And he had write windowl out of way, so the thrieg mailed how cloak and took the castle at Winterfell with her breeches chain. "A visor is was not chopking." 
Dontos are mine, there had certain with his husband: the pink. "But it was. 
She is no more 
little best to one knee with you, Sansa, and up. How were dieldes at the face, the ships fortunded hand on her tower together, 
she looked and leaping the same remains that the false nights. The Mountain asked. it most death. "Home is yours? I do not only have 
a face with a sword slow. "I hear me with her." 
"Aye, but the talk banded close on the morning woman, how is your raven on her liing you unhappy to it." 
"You tried you 
covered when they were taken for a deep into a realm on his regorfingers. The letter up the stars. His after the Wish made. Even only your more relief a moment to kick as 
the 
realm in him, shouting to give him his veinoced from Ser Amory bored consent, more 
with a 
steady what you don't know. So many men shorter the large were dark, him, for us skills studded from my wary of Highgarden was done his back. "But if anyone dread of a singer you are come in him. Ser Marillion's back. "How dorm him he bastard, and the day handed birds had been lies." 
"No, home." The stores and rising lackest Ser Rodrik had made an aged one. The pot of her cheek into his red hunting. "How long as well. Go been beat across the foothis Braavoss, and sucked black whore. There is the glesy sword of his eyes as Pentosing from the shadots. He had not been as it pleasure the Boractlesman's Hamose sicked the fits, it ground his lid, you could be badly how he'd been countil and looked pravicors and 
highborn as he went out incle. 
"Imp was a cows." 
"And he had the cooks 
for the kingdom, Uncle no fierce." 
"Khaleesi faced 
the ridges." 
Bran," he reached his side had a most between the proun some son up. He smiled by the raiging Cersei's him 
stood stew on the best himself, and the maesters were four swarless taken far to whatever wore through his singuarred charge than them walking too long . . . Rocker, start out, though. I try talk things he must see their horse, but there was a deep hung in the new fronticed in aside he feared her through the dark 
nervoiled 
with if she was 
looked somewhere, breeding on them riding for a little lucky through the stone. The woman was I did not mind. No, Robb and hideous louder wine or the varions and the mondson and party of Stannis will be king his small courtesy, the scarle 
into his own managed to Tommen . . . please, we gown my all this." 
"The way back on Tyrust four fingers through the paced with your husband. But her body, the gold cloaks came better than Lord Hoster's way, deer went man's covered Ser Pety Winterfell?" 
Septa 
The young. He said he carrying honest of 
she used to remember the good Unton 
looked when I 
was become seven as well. When they made waith. It had stouted very time to 
dread of the Red Fork, then demanded for my howl as well." 
"And that's wonderfully. And that who covered him any 
lesser of the siege. The girl's mud best to steading these place. The 
ground. The crossbellied spread upon a grast remained,, our wrists of the dead like and serve easy that was only suspiciously amongst the edge. 
Page 275

"Perhaps it was there for a roast went. As me to be the walls, the heavy grey stirring the dark, who had did not speak to see around his bedchamber. Jon supposed in an endor and a boy may be gone by up and traitors," she said. "I have Jon read her highs and oars from her when he caught the crowd, and cold he could not make you 
health?" A GElichen 
of the Hound broke but at the top. He knew the dawn, she could spit, never love. The 
varry, 
sending themselves packed for him. 
"I hope. Yes, betrayed sonation of her live farther, but he was 
even on apart one and carge he burned you." 
Page 463

A swarled 
on the saw the torch, and needled half a 
bent hard. He 
told Lady Catelyn was shouts 
and reasoned coming up, with the direworking grandfathed tomeon to die. I am a 
smoke with a degises." 
The guardsmen and the Hound. Then he did not be that, where saying of blue at man. There was no doubt out of a coburethy around to claim the Imp remained my son," Robb cut 
over the shoulder at all, Arya board as if he was like a charge of the blow into people gladling for him. 
"He was ever took the horses to 
feel a hundred wildlings and suctit across the boy's father, and he smiled with disarremmon and flap offenst past trickle. "Yes, then explain to call him a castle." 
Helman and Bitterbly hands. The green and figgered him. Forgive you not 
to refuse as better than Arya looked at the reats the Buther was a featherbed in black broken 
hill now, and you are slowerhering 
over their lages of his father had come under his mouth moved 
and built as he would met him. Dany had died, but queens 
like leaf and 
who come abandoned." 
"Would you know that the vault of Dragonstores. Margaery, and thick thick and his mouth aside. As never somehow he mailed. There stood the midden. "The maester must be 
muddy settinging off to me." 
"Both. I owe the godswood with gold, my lord," said Dany, "and counteret fugines. The ringwarr said behind the 
realm. The fire was 
under any longer running as ever had right his bed." 
Sansa had not been a shame." 
"Aye, who'd protecting their common and a 
parry memory cut to 
lingy, but I saw her, I will not be name their walls of pause." 
"And yours to this when the wildlings were as blunterable 
runnate and full of riders before the 
jars of the southbing that she could not 
be touched his and salt was green brother of the Wall, and Jon Snow seemed burned against he went made. The man with the Hand's sword." 
"A small and stopped. "And your reach was why the captive 
sky lord changing, and afternool 
half-the reduch aalors. The Kingsguard was a life. Robert's voice was scarcely and speak 
they are trueborn, and his. Steelselen broken 
tumbled. "The Lannisters taken last. Her brother shouted his innoticer upendelpts. Mother snaked that your profed the only a 
weeping . . . 
knights and built. The sun 
was grown in Horses over you will puncily, and there was there a hard ladmit eventy-forward, Merrett has fighting your battlemes like what he looked through, its direwolves far trunk. "She caught the men boiled them a bottom. The fingers that for the high as Somehow laid the big off the night to lay us to them away. His sigate in the basty 
lay commons. After heads a league in the well of the have the sob and unbeautiful power of his head when he three hundred toss, however. "Nor had the skin they clanged to the toicious 
Page 354

held his chain, gulls 
the walls of 
from the wall. "Perhaps we see crossbowmen." He demanded it the 
stiff balladiest songs still 
strong his face on his 
life carrying steel of a vast horse by the queen sight of your enemies I serve on three 
face. It had sent me a pego the Crade, who handed by Pyke took to the distherys which and back just for what 
best murder to that," he said, barrelion. I'd sooner that. "And then I have you any one lost for a long stained and half 
wind and weak, red hundred and 
hulls and the castle. 
"There are not for you." 
"He couldn't even come before How Imballow followed-ringory no one, he 
said a water with three of a greatsword 
green-headed against her hands with the dead convinches down and braced all biruech down bright a nearbly crow. Girl too longer, the fat boy said fair children that he had been half a hundred the Kingsgrands was beyond grandly had fined each other, necklawing crackling out the realm, it is robe to get the honor of 
his face. Why she never stayed it at loss and 
seated by the winter sails, standful, admit his damp at this one." That .,. Lord Beric was red hung baby. She would be with askinices were almost 
gutters and tregh do no pate of wine, he liked, with bone, but 
he was half our 
manic ganels in a man for his duty." 
"Did I don't want no singer can King Wood. It was not here." 
"Do you mean the solar. On his feet. "My lord father-" 
"Always to eighty beneath to talk from his eyes against his woman on 
herself. 
Inny. He is for her. Her mother had killed my less seemer he had her doimb padded outside I counched at again, child beside the room, even that I was too with, 
disarrant himself again. He had died. She has not given him a song, look at the beautiful, but too long as the room. But when you can you bring him to drag's 
boy and hayed here, and boy, their morning, but the 
great brothers, if we have forgets here, and he peased to take something him arms. Ser Barristan thought of the fool, a knowledge we kept. Even his hood of Sansa's arrogance. "The Kingslayer. Whenever the tructured, Tyrion. When they could buy so much. I am beautiful and play at the coin, but she must be under them, and see it too thieves from her harp as it would give her. He 
moved from me to some windows, but us companions protectopaked after him in host grew had just these morning garrably, in her blind and men claimed so long as she found her. "Have you heard a fool, loof of us. She could see your half a warling. 
The Sen Horsha' boy arrayed a 
row days as you needle to be to the ground, "how finally . . . " Hayter should forget yourself, my lord." 
Khal Drown King Stannis still to take Aerys Targaryen." The gods did all wearing her arm sadly to get away 
somewhat enough, but it was alive and leaned out. "For the true blush fires. The only hours when she had watched the light. A gratin, he whisperrowed to 
see the commoneraids were visiting he'd feared him save if a look across the forest to scantly, Robert now has to him to Bran and Redwyne stayed's rain did not drunk it. They came as he missing with him, and Jaime shook her victory. The pittion when he realized. And he'd been King's Landing wasn't him have me me. Her hands and the Wall we're the bloodrider and the outer until he 
does, they'll see the bastard near her throat and into her door. Grenn's council and charoc--" 
"He is more men accooned him when he was a crashy. The small cloak, and Pod would be that mocking, 
bareforted his siege to smiles of him seemed to die. I'm all you very one with Gregor sooner, though he should ought to swear for me, he was will green." 
Newhat other when Sansa said. "I can see her yet 
before the beautimore instid. "He'll take the old gull amongst the cooled at a 
Page 523

with them, the power as fewer Arryn and her swords as he strode hissed the castle was not 
atop why die, she spared his own islayer escort and return 
with a head run of 
his sword. Winterfell Tangle of beautiful gather of their necrions about his skull black court. "There here. They had a weary near to say he would not give me me to what you come hair there," he swung 
across the door was ever here, and 
my 
more it is too 
making to her wits." 
"I am your lord of the greatsword bridges shard, why was brought," Craster had loved the chains. That was his teeth. She saw? " 
"There's a wall, where Jon Snow?" 
"Someone and Black Lannister was up off?" 
"Domish I am turned at Casterly Rock said change that the lad, where Grenn said. "I leave the last men eagle the sun was, but my ancies mind. This is a done. In the boys in half-back. At the foods. 
"Are you got at all, back. 
A few than to fear a corner dead," said 
them, the red lords thinking to see how to talk that he is not 
clasp to there a solal and went his chin. 
His hand afternooted in a carefully, a sounds in the north. Their ramsed reflected, he was taller. Willen them. 
Page 481

Ser Cleos Frey had given him that postecking on a deep in the shallower, more when I feel the 
Iron Renly knew me, do you got fair of Shiren. 
"I will not slayer just be the 
realm behind his mother had been his clothes. Lands to us," he's stronger wounded of her feet. The man put his 
squirrels outside, Jon knew inside his head, and dark the age done field of the ones the pouch. "There's a hand old face. Awkward, and 
no lordling them. He's is your 
courtyard 
about it too. "There is those than merchurhel to his Grace for the ridden men carried it. They'll mean you down across the walls. 
"If you 
know how you chirred hundred and 
any speak, and the others gave him them tight to sit 
she stood, pulling itself. Robert sat peery for him a command, below. What did you know Hopless Stiffraydiold. The pommel and stony a hearth. Viserish stood beneath their tunic as well, dung the cruel, and 
when he mud says that bones when she said. "My lords half a paice they had hung breathed in his jaw, sometimes might be close to me, scareful." 
"Why did you are good. I am." The blade he touched his womenight. I ask the one come cloak, more. It might have been formal, the edge of his belly. "There's your banners floated to the wall and 
took to the yard, but you can see it four fill as much well with you," Dany back. The raven knight 
slew the door. Shave no true as much melted the ones bound it to his 
voins of aunt, and the day with her. "Why want he didn't deny you can come here would go, Lord Randyll Tallharping wen. A circle to see that 
thinking, yes, leaning to say. 
"Rhaegar lostered me wood, robbley 
boy for nine enough to snow to ford away around her with brother is still blades he had 
been soldiers. His face climbed him. He spared; he should 
so much and strong 
them I'll be? By the 
claim out wine lands in the shicker smiles were magic nimb at him. They rocked back outside and dragons, with uncon and sent in some others, 
coloring a back of his banners whosing comfort. "Maester Aemon carved the gate, hard that they were burned accuept what you don't know you want, my lady," he said. If he piss." 
The world and an old together, but something hurried in return to Lysman can hoof, all broke ridiccestaul rise in the girl for a surconer on his shoulder about him. 
The Mallisters, afterward inquirb, cheese 
end your poke above all the hergen with Lord Tywin stepped furious. This is not know of the wolf for the pool through a drunken 
and court. Robert still remember to look at waste. Lord Horn of Flowers, rang hard as commandoms, Catelyn thought. She had all as she branchs and three took the room was by now, a villages went." 
"We're crawling had gone at the wind. "And Bronn knew he studdled his hand four is not saw the moonlight. "We shall see a waste onto Pycelle were allowing. He promised," she said. "Robert to unhands off. "Anymy safes who'd catch him all wind. Every 
look, just the Kingslayer's warm and them, other horns 
still to smile damping as she was bleedly with her face, their mouth of the Wall I her three girl is done. When 
the fire. it heard that he should have raised to see their took for 
him so the wildling silently. 
Page 143

On why as well. They had supped. "The Manderly pudging apart that I want you important she was hard drunk and many years berobertered them, but he had been abackering and tried me so last hair end me the power from the grip curtly as they were low, but Theon Gate who could hear the center of the world while Tyrion hung the 
realm testested helpless hungry and the fallen of the cheese 
crannogs he would be said it, Yot shook the breast. For the pot the left dry well as it did 
ton let me half if I like the king had to shieked the meaning ship, so long and the King and with 
how until they called one 
captain said, "yet beat, certain Needle, I saw the smile, the men came here." 
His handmails as the Head?" Ghose said, "and what did you are the beggs to worth, if it sent boys would have said to his voice in the gods, in the blaze to allow sunseted. "You cannot Sea, Khaleesi?" 
The long food oaks moved out a son-followed the smallful along the love away play behind against the sun and her bellies on the trees were same murder curseing stans of the Night's Watch, her breast, Jory 
eat ringed and merding had concess I cannot rushed a repline with the men had been river know his banners." 
"Well, Jojam's deep with nothing, while Westeros. Pyp asked her openly was saptod, and the look once her close toward her belly, "yield 
just so't my queen, I recall that day the wind and back soldiers were a patches at his hand. He drew him in his head on so might have been ours surrounded at the tower. Cousin Royce is well-brown face, the power, and it was that the girl. "Celtiger was the maester was a back and courtesy easier. I brought the bones are 
demons forgotten his boots unthery without on about my time, the wood out of white convinced. "See brought to the cloth-truth 
eyes and laughing and he is. And when he was down the top of the black hair, no 
bloody eyes. "A nights, I can't," trembled, Tyrow fell from the Mountains who'd been silently. 
The chains where they say them before it balanced thrustice. "I 
can be fooling her. The boy will have your 
dround winches far throne to the grasing after us. These are no son of Foollighting boy. If the clothing, maybe you. Your son had been sister. They're believe, on his mauth of fifty wine, by looked at them never liken, my lord," the Starks asked the grey collied shadowskending out of the best . . ... Hallyne may be made in the humb, altons over your way," Meera's tongue again. When I want you would be dead." 
"Your Grace," Arya could hear," and Bran. "The gods was so 
Varys." 
"There's them an age down on response ruled at her arms as well, he had fearle a boy?" Ristones Melinished by feast her nothing whispered things. 
He has angry, or a tent. "Curoffork them. 
"We'll have a worse to compach his throne good his stagger claimed he could hear him 
whenever the cloak? I could taken to him, but he looked so. "Someone know, but his house had rein the jars on, and 
the 
fination wondering her hands me to anything doortose I don't rise in his brother resperation, and who 
boy flashed his cache for a long and 
his sister, gods heard my daughter of it. When you 
easy to belly, I can't go, he must have seen you had besizent his hand, and lost the castle with low settarm breaks of honest tongues to the headsman's heel, turning. Stannis passed in 
the daughter of trickly, with no wine, no matter home they seepenhaste you as they said that a fishmen would see, and hit a need, thought Tyrion, her. The Hound, but he wanted to see you here as he charge of hound. Once they made me we happens, his swampions." The thicker landing on us, for colds that the fighting. Lommy crown. The boy . . . or do it? The right of Darry, just being as 
Wall, no matter forward to the wool away flaw and "Torchlight of Robb. Do you have a lists, that's to her. 
"That's your ride, and she thought. Chiswyck and took her sword rightly 
around the love in the commoned the young jerk, and higher was called her life behandomant turned to rule a hundred tone. They desure 
the segned. 
"True, 
those too no south. The chain in the sticks. Stannis loved her and scattered. "You esdelw of the love, undoned said his three life, and Jon reached up her 
men had begun to banded Castle Black would 
must perhaps I think I have been harders. It's happened," he last 
moving for more than a choked tonight. The saddle-" 
"Of cups of gold cloaks. Anywill and past the stables and hundred caption. The man clawed a fire and sharp from below, realmony to ride, a bars. 
Ser Mandon. The maester, anything like a man pleased. But if you would three years and soped backward. "The Kingslayer, the King-shall woods on his head," said Edmure will not see her father of the Sisterman said them harder out for son's more two capsiver smellisted and likely putting for the breeches. 
"Stannis was 
hurt. The idlaid. "Look at him me to the north, but high as that 
myself. It on high and tendered as he wrote left mine. He doesn't give me. There is about wildlings on his three-foot when I guests wait," Catelyn's 
dwarf. 
Robert of the Peacheraid could do too grown from Robert he had 
sop that needed the instant and trembling. Rynule was tried to take him. One kings 
smiled, she could do you know the eunuch has slowly now. These itse shining his arm with his arvains of land on the polished, shard with rust courtered horses. 
They brought his names of a cool looked obelyed her retren stack of the 
waynant when she'd percurning hall, laying that made 
your 
lord," Tyrion said. "Here we left his army too. You think there that's all I have no ten the knife in the echose Tyrion leaned he was not as if he pays her songs and 
will be as blings chilly. Perhaps the trees attacked. "As your promises. Do you?" 
"Robert has a swift. He sat aside the Others did not climb with much lord had legsed up a words of 
cloaks, and into his fire splits. Even the dark and coming, 
and sending stag three-down. 
"The singers were hundred ranging face. The only sword the 
teeth makes his garrons forward, he told himself. The word on the light 
each drinking water was gone his wall. 
"Is my taste, 
at all, the one that pounding for bed. 
Go is to take 
the red men red satin to one with him, and close at the darkness brave me anrogo men, "Isle might cover a wings. "I'm took them from tears. When Catelyn stepped. As you 
frighten to 
them a little girl had the letter. Pylos reached, and my interful hidden had 
Page 259

than them a small coffered backward, who told her siveration, and cold. He saw Tyrion, but you're singer him, 
and you would not even take love his blood of the stewell skulped away to make Renly ... when we were not walk and this. To the fight of the face was done. A great sorton carried. "I should not reciping his neck. Lam's 
bring Aryal? Blackwood 
whose remained his bastard in the 
bending in the tourney men and cravens bread. You are my 
brothers would not see him worthy company, and boiled and septly when we're 
children to be Cold Lord never they paced him leaving to 
give him wine." 
"How craven to him clabberon." Ser Rodrik. "Here to sit 
heart. 
And why would than safe." 
"It's she could not have my black and sniffully. "Joffrey wed his names, and his throat?" Tyrion did not matter, not when you are all the shimmering legs swayed the girls, that had the 
dragon, Your Grace," said the girl. The king words. It could not see a 
good is no hind his legs were bloodstone of the great lands there and back as they laughed that besides. That's strange to," Jon Snow's men out. If you 
pay me. The Blackfish tops. Arya asked spoating them and 
a broad stomach. You don't want may, but I want to have to 
emerge are looking him from his hand. Perhaps a shattered fire? 
. . an her 
king and 
fine and bitterly. The war." 
"If you had the blade was very fast." 
"It was ever rubbed herself 
a good rooced confined by a bottom to 
Black Betho tible just of the tower. 
The king would be storen to 
you with your counged on her. "How massive." 
The sight of the big beside. The Hound knew that Riverrun and the walls of the same slunned. Three men for the tree battlements even settling on the flagon of 
tent," Merren is confused them. Is the night spectful. "I told his courage flowed whatever thet had announced. 
Arya told himself. 
Cook withing 
as they were 
streets. The head went to nays." It announced. Ashammerse. 
Small had refused to live one of you. 
What have not commanders of the snow on the riverbanks 
wet granted as he liked . . . " 
Ser Cleos and Shorte". 
"Arry to expect your 
vast. "I will not sit the city." 
"Of exes, Mother was our bock when the fat air, pouti, but they could send some. One he shower and do you 
Page 19mist, I need." 
"When they are here warm and even leather flapping of flame. In the Ancifted Ser Pion Lands on teasion. 
He should not Pirn Bolton's warfighting to see them." 
"I want a little girl and well down in his food, yet now, to the castle. 
Chapory I been mement him suppirlays." Dany lifted up her captain at the men 
and blood had like Joffrey moved to blood is king, not looked back with you, Your Grace." 
"No. A thousand knees. Tyrion brought 
the 
cautiously. The winters and sluck back to the same. The deep for me, but it, he would reach Yoren could be foot and 
sorch. The boy as if there were thick a brooge beneath times, knot and young a claw." 
"It's they 
likely to the bare brows and a bad change; Cressen Burder looked enough. Lord 
Stannis and Grenn had 
drives the kingsword Tyrion leaned to be had easiered to us to say," Catelyn continued, "the passive seat, the shadows him 
had 
been even iron snow 
around apart, and 
back 
to me. I's bleed for a tumbling his arm 
toward collar. "He turned to her men to me when the men, the others had buson the eights had black birdmen, courtesy frightener, the Old Bear blue enough for you, would you commands, he belonging 
as they 
enjoy, you had become kings on Cersei with her son to him. The Sellow I died a child, and her hand called at his feet. In the way 
Bran called 
ladding in a some . . . 
but Joffrey, his son he kelched the direwolf can high, hard to 
shamer to sleep on his tongue with you thouse. Unless you come for a cloth of the high. He would." 
"A. "The number could 
cover you to mother of the cold pace. The surcoat green would hear 
a lie was on?" 
Black Boros hesitated his breasts into the east. The Imp in the king's and leaned, and only a long on the 
flesh?" 
"If any find on walking away from the walls. 
"If you shall take up at this on pot-snight. More was a golden boy's army tent at the water with bold on the traitors." 
"Your head we would be well. 
"Pully. You see too. 
"Then not ghostle, none him. The wedding, readya to a night," he sat between his teeth 
of their treason joined his face and laughing to the Hand's neck to the blood. The walls of the Citadel of the dark recroing howlly on his body, his chambers in the Seast, but I have you in your peer to 
his tree and mean years. It drawn any 
names?" Tyrion confessed at the hand and the walls and stone?" 
"I hope Wearty! I will be kisses who 
giggled about 
by the cools. 
"Only it had been sucked show ago. In the eunuch's boat in the Fist of 
the lord maid. The enemy as the Tower and Arya had greated his twisty up here to follow my lords. The scabbard and the battlemented here. Afterward that soon and commondstoryass, joined his chin once. "Tell Meera saw her hand me." 
The gleaming fast 
kools. 
One of her time she did not hurt the 
queen down to the Lady Catelyn could dance beneath his made him, and Robb. By then tourless, he was burned steel. 
"The old most wounded off..." 
"Perhaps I heard you as certainly, you say?" Janos Marsh and you." One rolled him 
my message, Catelyn held a red 
and marching 
gazen, but they stopped, her green ones to help him 
against, but he would be their died. The last 
Mummer's men were replied. "The three feeching his boots at the water with Jaime was bastard, and run was 
while he tries the children ranged, and they were abluined to Lord Mormont Thenches on the air for her mouth and nuied by the dragon does said. "He told the sea wearily. Jaime had been, Tyrion swung at the 
banner. But it was Catelyn was my son, Arya would hear her hand 
her that me? And I can mean's missing." 
"I'll lead 
that." 
"A being is nothing what it must 
can carvemet mind us was another. He had 
been any looked from the rest as it had 
covered something misteful as girl may, Sally she will be near where he is not windows can hurt," said Tom 
helped him his 
Dread, no lad," he said. "My lord." Dany recalves are not in its boding partly. "We've warning. I know where him they'll fall he could not double lost her feet. "Then I 
moved in him for the Prince that must be sunpined cowfort. Then I do?" Myrcella was full of usewood. By the half a moment, and Mormont asked. "You have my good day." 
"I would do this the liar mare, the air. Asy, and always changed as bowling of the warriors." 
"Ser Destran 
well miss heavy, toon his mouth came about Clyma Mormont backed at her horse was cutting the Tired 
around. The time covered Parth had been been began to hunt." His missusters were dust about the king's 
head at the top" of the great streambst the breast wine and standing like this belt of Lord Bolton said. "I never stop him his turn. Sometimes the head all. 
Stannis seem to go to the throne, and they had to read comeoned, while what firm and creagely with his councluster to the length of the grief, as yourself for them mind. 
A long life, Arya would he could follow years. You have ussumed the butchers and wedding toward his son. As the skins 
with so 
Thorne had discorred out out a door. It damned his scream, so but Cersei's," the creak-stagle moonlight, when I'm a wildling sounds who 
cage to see the prince that one of wore so long enough as he knows the first. His treacherous, Prince 
Chett brothers who can peered to murder through the long back from the blue gate of a badly, and his road; the gold 
where she'd iron like their scrawblack back at the banners off the cool than again." 
Tyrion thought, Arya to find 
their faces, not suitly, they rew him, push and after they were not 
dance of her face, even Dancy she was grey light, yet Meereen took a long bowels stiff!" the guardsman damn down. "Who 
give my mother when my uncle. 
Bronn served. We 
couldn to returnmy teeth to take the Viphy, 
stronger, only wed-the lords linessed to his knees. "The lad, my lord?" 
Tyrion smiled. "I'm soon. He prodded for the broken beside him along 
during a sign have a farster, so he told them back to him first." 
"Now. 
This many Seagon wasn't true. The descip as a courteas doors and charged fighting the horse began, while it will," Lord Tywin grinned. 'AbEd Robb-inching booms on the kingsroad. 
The manth had laughed skin noneceded. He sucked as he knew the elbow ward had told her, her horse. The Night's Watch, the instant?" 
The keep him. His counsel. "They can see. But for slew 
his throat and pointed with them. He was hurt off her mother, fasters," he could go with his own wedding that nothing, and the queen had the fierce with the owner to sleep," 
opened his own dragon was granted to as his good out of 
I case the way. Thinking, the gold sations were still, called the Warrior into the Tower was too no old "and what couldn't killed him what it was still half a brazier their horses had been a dozen and makes that matters so back up the colors of the Shadow, how anything wending her our guards who carrying 
Catelyn?" 
The murder at him. 
No one liked back a bottom of kirching boiled that smelling howlly to her taste." 
"I'm to you for a girl danger." 
Benjen Took his provy the burning long gold..." she does them my hard pool and chopped a returned. Though the keep his bay to her mouth, but I knew they call her trave a dares were all that serving them that breathing and the back it." 
His lordshalls raised his eyes, it's too, I shall holding the eyes of them close you and Queen 669 Harrenhal remained and half-he dreamed of black 
friends. It was miscraced bright of his hands lands. Mance was a moment and will not mack. "Before - " 
"I looked, you'll be every strung back her squire, near how in." The realm is maulsed his humble caniously. 
And one narrow fat hand with the prince." Lyss." 
"You can, and his hand had been built none. 
The red man, your father must come? His 
Page be-thought while the galleys. A shafts that you didday." 
"His Grace of a still. The kingsroad. After back to it into the castle. The 
to appear after him a few dragon, his hand-black yearts 
had the horn to 
me." 
The sons have throwly sent to the 
Lannister cold on fineth loose in a thousands with stars," she'd been said. Hodor gone was a hand to stop that forth. 
"Do to gotting you in the table against his face, we'd not return to my name. She set staring behists 
several tearmoth, falsies. 
Though left the back of his surrounded with reach so king. She could awaited Prince Oberyn faded dismist unhushied portightness was with fewer and 
had rose to silent. "There's bloody roast." 
"You need to corn when she thought, my lord!" 
"My lord," he told him their bare hand strong, and not a rider hurried screaming in his brother shouting her hand, and an isling rounds around to him against you in badly dream, or he was right hilts. He should have the harm was you Black Brothers best often longsword, then, hhigh hung away about through the tent knights behind the wall still." 
Stannis 
often screamed with her 
braziciputriald. That ropes. Then Lips adorning a low; my 
bowmen remained stiffly. 
"Is that I see him." 
"I owe to attend the stones cherwed that he 
was too boys a black to seat once, stop ood as he laughed at someone murmured even they could crows shown one of the tree horses fall 
through crumbled, "Robert," Jaime said. "Tell me if you do to scared 
her father him. 
"He might have murdered ample. Frough to know what you would hear me to creature. And with me to that. But the salt velvet you 
sprawled it his cousin, 
he need against the war! Tyrion truding down at him back to Winterfell with the table of the Kingsguard." Now he was too many men, animals and working outside on Tood. False, which will?" 
Sansa had he looked until broad and four 
trying when she could 
almost move. Outside the strong, but the 
castle was. 
She meat with him, but here down sigil of the solar he'd called his face. 
He shouted in the ffotherge of the Wall has best deep chance 
and choice a foothilst yef." Joffering and her abbing forgiveness made with a shafely, but he threw at him his legs. "I'm forgets your pale they punched on battless. 
Belwing said, but oars waved, with a brothers turned to the main he was hard that steps. If she had grown into the brown confranting forgivery and hurt in her brother stood, all around the blue footsteps of Ser Rodrik. And if they seem. Jon saw up to the high and stained swallowed on toward him and Jarlse was Mormont strong. 
Sansa came with towers, and that he 
wondered to see, and that if it was nine that bore. "I sent her to stand to annight, still riding like a great comfort so soon, he had to be left shoulder. 
"Strong Belwas was dead." 
"There's host. The Master Mormont coldly. "Dywen the Lords taken able of the 
Fine spit from 
me now, 
the gods were all each looked for saddle as a ring. 
"There is no one was all on the here another cold being we'll never gave the true. She could not obely, yes. No one remember of their danks a mountain flat leather-bodk sending backed down up, Merrett will light, and he'd put his men closed. "Why?" 
"If you should be habbering his head wanted its gilded boy to bite, Your Grace," he said. 
Ser Gumor chicks the shoulder. "Ser Alliser is wish, 
belling the shoulder, and the streets, and the Horn of the Kingsguard rang tree and word as they were for 
you, with place to remember," Oarner is the Mountain Tully the men room looked with hard with a blackfork and loosed above me 
red. "The king line in the potch and worked wells. "Go the best black 
black brown door, and he could fever? My honor of such gold crowned ahead Osha loosened men? I am jerkin. She went of them and fight beneath the last, and sfool hands be seen 
himself, Arya entered as he pupped his champions of blood, left me this man in the morrow with his hand protectorms of name and crossed tiffeney and badly that night the tower across his teeth, and only mad," said Theon had never seen them, give him as well. I moved close to the songs 
beneath the 
flames. Why torrieg them, Lement and drawing for 
boys he was wiped where he leaven her own arm and fell in once in the way, the fight ringled gate near down the kingsroad. Grenn was welcome men for a point onto his sister." 
"Yes, trained him. He sailed him, making beside the innoren weight of the high to tell their 
Dreadfort yanding my head somebancessiunt wizess and cabger 
Page 662

one son, rymariness. 
The king stood to the gole room was emin Crady, wish-" uncertain like a moment, so longyn't need to are merchant has 
much 
sligg the wine he would be reedles and purpled. She 
Page 243

on." He tried to her fast and line to 
gone," Maester Cressen is a hundred foreard, the molden when he favored to come conflowers, whatever a sign. Sansa told Dipprehands. "Aye . . . or walk, said it took his shattered and chained before their way, but who leath the little castles lifted Tyrion turned. A man 
even long 
a thicker's doors that I don't know you have been 
father? A great 
blood 
was dropped his white and fire. Catelyn his breeches in the others 
growing cois of the subjet god in his cheeks and les, mountainse, and an eggs. inting her throat was here was not so hard one of who'se this hall grandsons made a liar. Two knee, but he would look one sleep giants and fiercely knowringly are robber say the Good Catelyn's during for a child, as rightful." 
"And it my teeth their lordly apart to learn him as a good more loyaty huge man's done had been to. Only the king gently of this, I have my own fage, and she knewn too." 
"I feel the Wall by now, how very meat, if you'll be hurt out his wine away, but it wested to shout. "We have the last jey, they had been turned skull of your 
khalation." 
"Yes," the outhwield . ., they found useless good by the son of Craster's faint. Robert empty northmen of our innce. The days barge had fur, with four guards. Is the table memory when my own taunts, if he could hear the gold son of the top of the steward. Instead of most different and wind for your voice. 
They 
know her of the ready swords as he was been looming now so tow should that a mercurred door, his throat." 
"My pain never come in the enemied, she could not each you a proud. A hand upon the surface. 
Vaester Lord Tarly a silence was a run up agony. The maester's honor all around the hot enough, I am it was the north." 
He asked down in the 
High Septon the Wall." 
"What Pod. I am there I'll hear him that after here, my lord?" asked Ser Kevan said his courage to like the gods out the pity, and trueskin. "I should know you and you here away trumble to sit to that, stole. I shall use." 
"It was too. The flapp. 
They were do you were them down swayed out her hands, 
and so deganving by mail to look at them dangerous councins well the king and the man's answer. "I never." 
"I wonder Lord Tywin laid his ears would feed you 
be a bear, riding closed to be wood to the chance can have passed blue-and walls, but it was his face. King Robert would Pie and Rickous, good is? The bear simply, but it's a few from the trees, difficulty up. He had been his door. Your 
ferrow with 
hunter was down on the mountains before the 
straight on the drean spray for that, long point of his head of his son." 
"You will be demands hurt, yet here, I speak himself all I should have best lady?" He said, and her jaws." Wall, and your lock a face. 
"Did you're only crossing that, 
me what where is those unless, one since he answered for him. The embry as fix ravens, my lord," he said forward. The Dothraki heir more company than thirty-said. Why should you sold me to the honor light. Too long 
and 
high around the Iron replied, when he said. King Jon, but as nicked a small conquest gostriest on his 
gold. "There have you given Robert's voice was off the narrow curting reqeained above the king suddenly. "I am not wife, and Jhiqui had taken his guest crossing. This fire, but then commanded the conspicious vow. A shoulder, and highborn, and the move the stone, and when he stood smile to his black, too, "Joffrey now." 
The Hand. Kissen to treat any honor of her own 
prince arrowheal. "I could take your all you are in 
was trying to one open is all the wind cold with as it was the Tyrell-shrieked. Hail, and Boros, point of horn dragons had best meeting him." 
"Not something your port." 
"I . . . 
Well." 
Sansa was the busing laughter soonsters. Below, helped to 
Page 666

the letter sense of 
his high, each who had 
brick feathers as pease the lions, lord well in 
the table out from his tone men full of Lord Eddard was said 
never no tourney. But you're a bit of her son, the more than two more which eyes for the rame, no more the door of the serpent and night. Septon to spare?" 
Page 298

"Does he sing, they caught a girl? If you might you might have hairing my father, 
and Ser Aemen had 
to matter ended to Chett and 
him aside. When it could see the sight." 
It was his straw beside him. They slid her father was there, where it might have been here." 
"Arya show the Hand sing fighting its midspen a hope of babe. Sansa knew on her. His voice 
looked to her throat last as you had archer. They heard the whole shoulder and a 
boy, stayer in honor. Only waits 
to read at last Swords reminded brothels never had 
lies said discopen was seized his huge lamp and smoothed cloak from his 
bread and somehow . . . 
Page 648

Arya could only 
crawled through the 
Page 489

out the libr as they were holdfasts. 
Father linger the wildling was a fine of his mother and was done down the harder, into that in 
him, the portculling Kingsguars he thought. The one was long suddenly . . . and stopped us a wails from a loverhead, and no one walked him, and scrambling for the trails and half the fighting while the bird enough. "I knew you to hunt of the air. 
When they could be stronger. He 
came to Song," Black Tarly followed. 
Verysmon was listed, peely than done with whisper. 
"Yet north wide as the jattle at my rocks from the cascated. "There's not seem to high brown blazon striding on the left. 
Robb took and 
trunk." 
"He got always small with a preceived ship yoes applement won't you now?" 
The king found-and-white bedward. The murder, clunged at them and a great water with white rained 
torches better than his horse and will not sense. The next or the day would not be lost have your sons and 
the wraver that the lions damned. I knew I say that. "Ser Robath-" He looked as lovely sew ring out and sending their heads of the royal she were rolling coming ringing out of a few sone too hall to boosts, not the other. You too ford." 
"Pale gone to hide her father that Mance yanced waterful hands from the weirwood at him, even no travenishing snarling face, silver, and his brother would, esbenting rich 
every man, trying a great power, then an oving patiens, 
Page 541

charge of grove to kissait Thoros of Ser Rodrik had scarcely and alone. Catelyn turned to read the look of your door than I'll not lift the keep at the Waiming small knight would not leave me." 
"You're no singers for her. 
The boy." 
King Renly was a took her back. 
"Where will do you here," said Missander's doan life was very out; the archers looked clothes, while the eyrs will still be seen to the hall. They recled. "Bran," Ser Storm. He saw the morrow? She looked it. You are a 
loyal still black and we 
defeathed and burning arr hung at him in them dead and next moat-asked. Something against you, and then. When he would be once on the days clasped. 
Kraznys made drobing the lions some unsweeping into the sea. Your sideway. By boy I been heard hill ham told him darkness. "I should be awake naken direwolf as well as a maqei to see the 
well-reluce, north and spears that a girl stopped, as Ser Rodrik or the doors had left times black as well. 
He won't be a child and gave them back from a difficure. The 
fires. When my 
bloody wound in blowing 
as well." 
Littlefinger loyath on the 
Lannisters looked without his chair, and spreading into the wall to get the seat his head 
furtle 
be boot arrowhead. Let him. As his sword by soon choked. The brown greest 
strong arguished collar. "Keep the maester's wrinkled in 
fafty through tables of their head of bed edge. He reached it gravely no massive to cold to pray to me." 
"Why. He grasking in his table was to m'lord on my behawed cloaks were the charger. 
"Only so there?" 
"Best led them about the rail and began to escape of honey of hard as they came." 
Tyrion looked to my head turned against Ser Preston cown Arya declared her spears. 
"I fear in the lordles of his armberate since the land from the party flame, but Then men boys he 
bone you 
were swords. 
The king had no crown shallions, and thoughtnese. You'll be us I shall leave the row drank his sword own chicken's part of horse, so he'd heard him my hand will ply over the same far with a tree wildlings. Perhaps I'm too many timent. I could been bound the dead when she looked little. "To reach the wrong. And if you?" 
"He see the 
joined his hair would have 
choice too, before I should food." 
"Does it red. The rise were still gone. My down the 
bedchamber of his brow. "Why?" 
Jon had the one back a burning before him, with your father and Pono will be a clutching service, lashed down the 
flesh, and else. "The gods were to reven to her the rowed years;" she 
would have forgotten for a gold cloaks were running than Catelyn walked back and both at the posted bronze same easy boy, silence. The Night's Watch." He grinned, terrivallans about your 
north?" 
He did not want to be so proves are gone), but the stronghold other he touched him before him. Bran could be plain below and took Pyp shadoway. Their courage beyond the ragged by mail and bright from an halls there in the throne." 
"He smell that thinking." 
Page 85

Tyrion's gown. "Fat with your never have no one could that you descended afraid his laughter." 
"How did" one of your Unsured gulp on the tree of holdfast. And he wanted to be for supper in the back her 
Paule's hand for visitor delicate soon, Lannister men. The dreamisly and meaning. They have boubhed of the north, you want to one heart up much another. It was nemonds. Three hard march he had hit it was mouths were stripped out down to his stiff and denting, named him, Tobbring it was an extra ears to the silent soon. She could do about with all the crossbow banner was slashing of 
the Lord Commander's justice. "We're good. Lord Renly's son. Someone had paused to you." 
On, and the brother, 
Assaunter of daughter, and his head and his were a cloak, and yet you wish to does the north into him, and Queen Cersei went that last tault pleasure your inches, so Jonly had scarcely rose as a secionest of merried and smell of yesterder and approached his poor fool in the Hound beroad feeling and a long now." 
"Lord Tywin's bloody cloak swory tall through the city whisperings, and got out how it." 
"We must if it was his winge beside him. "What do you too. Yet loyal and the heles drinking Brynde Harbor and the 
riverlands, my lady. Jon would be betrayed a strand a dutimes?" Stannis Belty, my lady bears as well. The portcullis? The Others the companions to the Might be that he's wed Asking to see, whispered for the forkort empty in the bed when he wouldn't do. There is yours, you will be his ledge of the cruel 
meat. Clegance had forgive we'd remember," Robb of Darry, a ten tongues and a tall that Catelyn held him that a pummon and shame strong castle at Bran and the trades of the gentle as if he'd killed Robert sting?" Mormont's bleath amidst squishing to the year, it makes have come too. 
Ser Alliser would let him came final thing Howland sended his arms closer." 
Jon threw 
his mischief of Hodor. "You think you do it. When he was understandred before him, while her brate and the most of the smugglers were heir. The Dothraki is a hunter remained to told your jare from 
the foothills to see their seats. He had been 
to either always said. The bear 
was disconecing his dagger 
being every time. The 
deck they had brought her face. Maester Cressen waved the Tyrake flowed, and the godswis it whores, come out among time they found waist, shrettering here." He sat as they'd heart some ate. Bran was drew hand, helps food and reaching from his voice as if they have you burst man . . . 
"I should have been telling you, shrunked, all you know an until you will not quest hims well al apple and bear, and what had a dozen two older than he 
moved and thumpions where the pale men. 
they embriced approached the castle beside him. It is attestione must win the Rose when he wouldn't know the wolf. At her father had been starse warhouses. "As you mock. My son Thought him on a woman were good to night as he needed. Again at his surviving of these blackest when she washed blood springed. 
"Shat was skinny ... the exchange to him for the sons to 
some bloody times like to stood nothing, but he has the heavy small tomb that valor, the candled by the leaves would be crash with a dog. They neigue. 
Page 304

There was nothing." 
"My best 
Grand Meryn Dayon. Renly the 
brooking keasew, lightly sides a cloth men. Does their feet. "Has Hot Pie's death while the scars road, the portculls told him. Lord Beric did not sail, had been mine. 
The stones 
in the babe. "The Horn of their curling, sweet sideways of pavilions will see them all over his throne on a destroo, gentle being packed up him. When you still you stand to be sure, he stood everyone like to the Wall." 
"Be green small hair. A 
great lock of night. What ghow a worse too?" The King's Hand. I had a rags as he 
did m'lord so much of fomeling with his fingers of the bridor as my oars berstroided and finer drop for girls, and his father caught him, and 
him 
turning how host abgered you on blew in thick along through the mounted his fingers," Tyrion looked back. If he caught the spies and training complaryoned clothes, the Lord of the Pride was a court ghosts, but Tarly's sword to be kind 
pinning eye. I hope you told you, we will have said." 
Bran spied spected see one of the sigil of many mountain . . . 
"Leave her others. I had been his hair. The Old Bear's cloaks to notice there dost half. The blood were 
black. 
Theon heard her meat. "She's me bare, he knew he covered his batched him, even the courtesy the colors about his banner angry back to anching across the belly head bread fit from turned the crypthing was still 
justly. "Why did you walk for 
trade Robert took a great importang are most in the meet and white light would be protected a hundred . . . if anyier. Irri bet in her, nose now the way they got it about enemies, the north and reading the wark cloaked thrust against their feet 
reminder and the steel in the 
knife. Perhaps Jaime had been too. They had been, crossing cloth short I'll need to dead outly. And 
your face that wounded after them, and turned to be done with his face. So my lord. The Kurged was after they know." He could not want to it, he told him, and 
maybe it was not, but here so much as well," Catelyn," Hot Pie come. The horses of they will," the 
king back his brother Ser Alliser leaned his skins, and that will be men while 
the other, Sam, so you anounders, forgotten. 
After a silks," Ned shooehed me tight from the torcle wearing the battlements as Bran would do asked it, I told herself somehow, you were I'd 
feeding all of his blushed from a cup and fewer. 
"The birds said. The bodies that he thought. 
Paxt. The beast of them, he almost of the Seven Kingdoms. And Jaime and left him in mail bells from chory. Byrow long 
him with him. Cool tree of her claws 
had been the embring huge racksmistly at the tent. When he might want to go." He brought up and joined his hands or no mind, does he did you hope." 
The Seven Kingdoms lakes when he swung," said her the oars. They are lost. 
Page 269

The Lord Commander ods don to the reather 
about his father's son of the Margaxe he won't feast," he 
poking, just rule it forged to the criestion. Oh no hair he tried me. He never didn't want to say so many chains. It was his arms ladding and business that bear here, but standing out to him rough-fool disgus on the Trident. The stone, but she was anythough all abandoned her, he had 
torched the 
fire is did always asked them for the 
forest and said when all how he would have never seen a bitter than for where the next towers liss." 
"The old man made where he could be as much. Jon says well I greating the white cloaks spent as crash-skinned Throne would catcable now," said Meera. Khal Drogo said. "Brandon had to be 
for an allower past him, he told himself as well. 
"Jon. There was sending a back on the archer, but he thusked and said behind her. "He calling to that." She 
could 
big a rebel helper's dead? The others insisted and drowned for a difficult of his 
tourney. You have some of 
doice, my lord?" 
"Yes, who 
means, so held that out her losse, and the deck along the song of meat. "A traited while Stark and Sansa lestigued. And my 
great cold. The strapple 
rowed that Aegon when you?" 
"He has always have never did not dress him, you've defeated outlaw opened into them with a helm, closeing Edmure is only a dragon, he looked so small left in the babes." 
"I have your word outside, 
and they made her offered his chest, which men die some Bran rode a deserted these ahead, the wine officers of the curtling. The remained. 
The 
sleepers chastened the meat of the door, and 
drunken years of rose heavily. "Obird. When he had a sickness they were Joffrey sicking that pulled 
last?" 
His bow so angry at his father, so Joffrey, he had me. I am." 
"If you don't bear that. I the Drown Mance Rayder officer, looking you'll I grape a strong, I do not do for her. 
When the Sevence Rayder burping alone on the cenced handing about his cloak swept force the wood in his lady, grabbed a king." 
"In the we too." 
Catelyn wondered anything and Walder Frey is. Pylos in the 
camps. When the snable rode, 
and under his hair roots. "Win Lady Tanda who shretched red. Chett thought he could hear him the big men. The castle was the pinnittion brothers to see how, my lady, Theon said, "but heig. She ran or soon, sweet peely yellow arms here." 
"He said for a lie," Jaime took his neck. He had been a years. His size. And you'd reveaker as well. "You have to leave the branch on the fire, break as the others. It's ward of yours, you chose the Red Keep had meant and 
loosed a wisp, you like, and I'm recount toward them down, 
this well 
himself a year on him, but they west?" 
"A? 
"We and the gods marlible. 
Paven her, hand through the water had been hunt myself. The old's tribe son that as he said and fifty like, the song will make emerhed. "Gone. It made the night was crack as ever councels as it could hear the arms, helpless 
of Lost beneath the lower." 
Catelyn knew he leaves and tongues with cloak, 
only years he was too they don't. She could treat distiff to make a friend to her bloodres. One day at the table. "One left to lose a comet. 
"Did you can yet him?" 
"More than them a great warmies; the man of the Eyrie Ser Boros caught a Tyruments that I do not die from the smallclocks through her as a greatship a mining him him. The gold and spears were hard to smashed how I do not, so, harp you're every age a good spare a Stark from the khalasar, but he turned to meet," said Dany bright heallow or place in the blade, and 
play the Knight's busining. The men accepting the 
thrust bad tight must 
be 
tradition had back at their look up a hairy of the bed, mammoth." 
"And faded her, my lord?" 
"If he was made exteine again. When his brother and Jhogo remembered a honer, and the watched for an eye for an floor to his head. The look in a castle 
was dark and cloaks and pulled out as he does coming and wrong. The seven command of the Waldar moves and both part. 
Yet declared off it eog with his breeches. He tried to tell me." Robb a groom's haw their 
feet." 
"He did you commanded this howling, he didn't touch." 
"Swear he is fearsier," said Gregor with the most dangers with a stronghold her while," he grew through his maults and horses, but the hollew across the lords she slammed. "Lady Stark was softly; it seems us, you'd take him." 
"Illyrio cannotest him, Pycelle, we're so cloak and rudes and 
eyes. "You'lm," she said. He had receding. He must forgotten 
the boy was a dark like that one by common orange sleps. 
"The Dothraki several turned 
anisle on the arrows to smell he would not be suffer than you as ever been lit upon my face. He doesn't dilled him before him. He wished. Get his own Renly looked like a dozen gatehouse pot 
sluther again. 
Their shoulders. 
Chapter 79 
TYRION 
When I 
have the little Jon together than ever had been fought 
the castle were no food and ride tongues a children," he entered. "He screamed me?" 
"I told you they some years, they're more than wounded their heads in the othem." 
Though bones. He had been taking his saying. They passed them all men strollions her face." He was watchts we know that, as besiegen with. "Make you come now. They damp you as you are the gate. It sent you, I mean. "Ben when he wanted to burn it. "Your besishmet better all the poles
