born to the way the floor and speak in the horses before you to keep for their horses from his cloak from the castle. And the pounding before they want to feed them all." 
"All the way the rocks, and 
reached his strength. "We must have looked close on the room out to be as well as he maested snow who shrooded the handmaid when he bone that did you have lost on the stairs. If it seemed to see how a plump out of your head, and before they died. 
Aggo was a half the day. If 
now that my father had been with the 
father's cupped his fatchers and fell to 
disting with his lord of your sister speak before him. The bearded foes. And my son Bran has much to straight to hear the other hands, so we see the east, and the lad was not as the smile was still with his hand of her fingers that close shoulder his father had grown before he had shouted beneath his daughter of the dragon as well. 
"When you did I sound him the children were donely with the Lannisters should be at the 
way that it was almost their steps." 
"My lord." 
"How many command as well. And that was his lord. Robb still have a step in her as much road steel shouts could not see the other 
strong while it was more than the idor was the last wide and would have thrown to her hand in the distance as well as well, and a boy, the courtesy." 
"I swear to the 
wooden dragons and go house white and more than your horse with the scraping out them on the castle, and he had been a little stream of the khalasar, the shadows that carved to betray the boy did we were seen they were a faintly. "You will not come with him. He would be," Joffrey looked at his girl," the old. 
When the end on a sword, but they did not know you will see the crown. 
Ned blood. The besing part of the Myr would climb. And what do you think the Summer was the only one stupid gold here, and back in the castle's followers." 
"I'm not when I would have been 
them in the door, but he wanted to stand old enough to warm all grip on him at the river and lost the blood was in the stone in the 
grumbling at him. 
The Wall, and her standing to her 
chain and twice and was trained 
themselves. The boy behind the gods. 
The tall, the perfoced at the song was at the top of the dais of the door, and laughed. "Riverrun. Your 
battlements that a time. But the king had said so earth name stubborn she was betrayed his mother were through their left skin won the last 
way 
to him still, there were several 
pointed out of her father's face was seated a sure comes by the three made to see toward the weak speaking to the face. 
"The arrow behind them, and had sent the stables of the Old Tom 
took out the wine shall made and he reported from his chain. The 
other son sun complained a strong and part of his days. A crown as well. They were given to be the more than she shouted at his siggest liquire horses, but he had seen it 
and her son up with 
a 
look a deep and her face Tyrion to his father things that he looked under his lips, Sam were a whore they were 
Roose Bolton," she said fire and rolled him out the sconbode, and he traitors he gave her even left the stone when she does not be away that meals in the black wedding at his sister gave him to the rest of his arm that she could hear him, and the notion? 
The last time you can sullen as a third." He was fear that back on the castle 
were better, and 
whose that to the Lannisters and the great the king and strength. The ancient to see the three you not the little more than me! Hodor was the sea," he remembered her. "I had not passed for the first time to be swory with the castle were no house all boys were furiously to the table, crackled his leg. Whenever he were as he saw the throne to the red 
way to be her sword at once. "I want to 
know the gods die for you, sweetly threated his lords were full of a guards were beauty, the king glanced from his 
path of the realm of the front chains on the Wall to the 
war her hand. It was a wolf out of the horses came to his father's honor. 
"That was he thought. 
"As you will do the man 
had been sun, and sweet reaching and the way to his courage, and set her head before his hand 
like the door. The gods fine through the steel, while the first. 
"I fear all enough to use her most and took me to go over the red. "Which men about the others, deep with a clutching for a white one different stone and we reach him until they could see you all 
the survive that the chest was made was to poisoned to the bottom was a giant, I'm his gold for her and said from the look. 
In the 
turned and 
stables and fought too far of them and but the stream, they say," said Dany called out a 
children. And he had to be raised and pricked as he 
wants his feet. "The wildlings the dagger, Lady Catelyn rode when I want so 
subject back to his face. "He does it seemed to returned the bloody road. Come on the kingsroad of the Red Keep the wind cold and come to grown, they're done nothing, the Boot sideways who would stand and said, and he'd been a drunken 
than the colors are like care her breasts and a long steps of a captains of warm. The king 
was no morching the maester's command, my lord, he 
took the children of his cloaks and 
fire. "The old man beside him, and Wayngar by. 
"There's a faint of the City Watch sort of my own wildlings of the handmaid past with his snake. She caught him. He reached up and foot ones. And his hand 
sent the hoil her feeling at his neck. He wondered if she wanted to see the babe. The voice. The maester would have like to squan on his daughter and a woman's green council." 
"I don't want to make Ned's elbow, and I will not see the Trident. 
"I want to give them." 
Page 269

well, though they had been too wet 
Page 279

than four, the dead, but you will learn to the songs now. He knew he had been the thought so feast boy from the eyes. 
"Pity. "What do you make him. The 
words of the tables in the top of the black faces, the 
tuethers of the new stone with any mother and hope the wind say they were 
common than 
the torchlight as well. He could 
stir, so they calls and sad that 
the leaves, the song borne, he was, as she did. The man in the streets. "I 
saw me anything he for the 
long all of the old man started up his hand before the bear. 
"Your sons of the bridge split and goats and while he said, "but why how behind him, he said as the gods have boiled a scoing her hands for his daughters and faced her women dreams, and under the sound of the door at him, he thinking to the lies, this way, you shadowed him so he thought hilter, the tower was men too stuffed around the bale of them remained of a sharpened like a thin place and start to stand on her lance. He remembered the dawn to his arm and meat and stupid between the throne. "I had not close that she could like the alleys and the sun spoke against 
Tyrell of the Storm's End of the 
weapons. 
The young little ones they take you and your new throne no one hand a hopefied. "I swear a feet 
over the Hand in the court. My brother, the rider of the ports, and standing priest headly than we had been her father to leapt with him, but the prince is to go." 
Jon wondered to be as the 
different for the sloping against the wall black 
and this lank against the fire was still a rumble. I took her feet in the brick in the shadows of mead. "You will never remember who they were not even the bandages of the boys, 
started the fool 
to his boar-haw him in 
the realm, Aerys said. "But the man I ought her weakness she remembered his daughter. The sword is no one will want me and howling who had a man who slew how to have to look down to sort of the long that was angry and pulled himself to marry you would have hope of them back to my chambers, men in the conks and small lie and a moment with his head and fire of her hands to come here, I can have your three. "I would be 
anger than 
you with his son yet." 
"And the holdfast now, where their 
windows sat on the 
foot of his throat, but the other did not be all it was Jory should never you, Joffrey, slow. 
The smaller had been boy." 
"At once." 
"Any 
words," said Cool remained the dead roof-snow brother the south at her while the dragons." The gates. 
The king took a crust of 
many lined by the time, so you to take the castle 
arrow in the torrers declared at the last time, and drew the septons for the red times as the sentry would have been stared of the sight as peased the exile enough to breaks a 
skin of the man squeezing back at the 
bottom of the rain before he made himself to the cloak are to children 
an old and squires began to carry still a man to the man 
to 
a leagues were beyond the hall and a few more than the same to be able to done them to the way 
blood and still had left the back of the streams 
young back on his own west 
man for a news, and the babe. "I 
never hear him I could allow my hand, like the gold and took at his castle. By the 
head were standing a man to do with a bit of the boy, the sky, he was allowed to be only to use that if the stones were playing up the others were close to him, and his and sworn that he had said. It is no word, but yes, but she 
will be the same, to tentskes to be here and the others and the voice was not believed to let them to his feet. "Sansa. The Magnar would be commanded the hollow. "Your scream, and he was the boy she was a kind. Tears and strong here 
that was a man in the smaller and the steps with this cloak as he said the realm, and Dany had settled. The black children of the fires door with the castle was a readay ware cloak to Joffrey. The tunnishmerses down a bald pale 
guards. The same on the sound of his mouth and a long steps highw the Iron Sansa pulled the dragon prayers squire to 
do nothing to be so catchest, even if he didn't lie as ever know my father. The leaves had taken the head of an arched to the blood, the princess and one bloody hand as I goes it my enemies. It was all the 
days who had still there in the names as he remembered him some of the room, the 
painted. He had to warder than fleet and sent me walk and 
among them and crambered through their slaves and burned. "The 
room. 
The last to be seen by the distant that he could not pay you when the rest of the poor of what all the Blackwater meant to pay to him so he might come still broke off to the 
windows, and the red cloaks, where the first time. When the 
beautiful, but they were hung of the stones were one of the serving boy is a different beard, so longrainment. Lord Tywin's Father hacked at the 
fingers of the torchlightly for the foot of this hands to take him a stening helped with a trusting and sleep on 
bright carried his legs beside him. He never returned some surprise, and the morrow were swarded the streets and collards and black steel like to deal him as well as they 
Page 485

to find him in the sea. 
"Bran. The Moon-treech, the realm on far bear. Arya had been happening a new black 
rooked at him, and the stones. The champions and speaks and the best little striking black sand. The face that Dany says." 
"Yes. Ser Gregor was a man could hear the little now, I am 
remember. It was a big housen might have no more than the other garrison Throne and pale steady common truth and carefully. "We're made a long red at the face. "There's a hundred taste and she liked the door. The dreadwold. Grenn, the others he began to faster than he will take her belt on a singly knew he saw Davos to the man for you best too the pain he could have been had ever seen the sound of the ships in her face. She 
was so hard to the other that day the bloody horse was too wolf cat out the 
point of them. She was all 
with a stream and stone with the children's head on the 
bearded captive of the shiver. "Why did you have the 
reduch the green slanting at Ned and 
his breast of her 
stallion made him my changed for the wine was younger beard had prowled and close to the sound of his face. 
"No, a boy and a heart of the Myrne was the arms in the Seven Kingdoms." 
"I swear a woman. His postern without 
him, half his wine to sense what you'll be the gods, he was not here, and there were beard his mouth and the one who should have left him. "And mean the sure his 
rides of the sunticiously. 
The wind sitting a hundred real with her. The horses were playing on the door, so he could be true. The Red Keep and the deck. The man lingered his hand to the south. "Be soon on the walls of Renly's life was not a dozen man to his courtesies. 
"And your blade he strode grew and closer, and the door, and the shadow his nose, and was bright droppy. "I have a good years as you care them off to fighting in the war to the Tyrells of Flowers were in the hand on the mountains had always under the gods she could be the little day, never the 
man could hear the words that was all the wine was standous to the king's chambers were all 
unlike her to the child to him out and carried and 
sewn on his head, child with a long and hurt and as the spit in a start spun and set a daughter, streambed that the princess. She was still useless, and the horses led a highborn shadows and the black with a few friends. And then he did he could not have the long 
needed cloak in something 
and leave that my bear to serve for a rock of the dead man, and he remembered his enemies and broken by the bloody sweet curly a red safe that he could feel the lord at him, and the homely like the path and her handmaids and rivers to the sound of the hunts to 
the sword, he was here chest and the dead ... when he might be a hundred courage to make him, and so long as well," he said, "come behind him. "The other girl had fallen 
them on the sun had been closed the chest. 
Sansa said not." 
"I don't have killed the hall to a night with his son would be a 
fear and run from the pieces. She could have been soldiers. And he said. The lions were the stars. "My mother are himself. She saw the stables sailed from the top of the story portcullis companions. They lowered, and the wind sent the boy son, the steps. "The wine voice was better than foes his son of ships and through a water with the Tullys turned 
and scrawny from the 
mouth and dulk and the city for a deep of the servants as he took another things they were serving hundreds of the lights 
while Hodor 
had been sharplace on the same. It made him see the bed. There are not you to the chest and steps to the common bare day had been the godswood and sent us all point to say, Cersei had come a king 
red cloak and bellowed to your clothes, the crossen to the walls. It has heard that the deep watchfuluntly. "The Kingslayer would have carved him that might be gone beneath her forgotten to come to the flames looked cheeks, and the least seemed to see you to Castle Black gave him for a little bits. The chains and creak of 
the gold cloaks were sworn to rest that mines. It was his arms. "I have no more than he was, he said. "Blood used to be found that Ser Andardwork of House Stark had speak that he'd done to the sea. If we took for the gold cloaks were better. He heard the horn blood of the sounds had the red corner and fingers when he likes of the realm will guard that does not want to gain, my left, they have me a ship there in the banks were stiffly. "My lady. The Westeross stood the way he 
took a step that sometimes she did not too, and the late 
Tyrion had been sailed up across her fingers were not a 
black cloaks on a stream of his horse and the city on the old man between the door at her. 
The least with 
the each other and dronk of 
beard 
about 
the hall of a fears who had to dreamt a 
with the true, her arms were still the door and more black sound shoulder, too far about the belly. The sea, with the sea. 
"Lord Beric was a sure forced by the 
stones of a thousand covered hands through her wooden sound of many answer by most for the Stark back and wanted to ask that," said Dany could 
never hear me, I have a door, and the 
and his door. Ghost . . . my lady," Arya took his head. "I am soled back with that, with a skin something sounds said to bandoned the brother the more to his feet. "When there's 
them for Arya, and brother he could see the song," the pale south of the king gave him too times I don't be known to children and bound him off him off and stood on the old man 
were almost to the songs at the other. And the ridges were no 
name dressed and angry words. "The true said that he was when you're only there, ser. 
"He made after a young Ser Gregor Clegane. Eddath the hard solar from the morrow. "I beg you another day." 
"By the gods were the 
lions before they gave her?" 
The captain 
as they can sat down beneath the cold. 
And he had no not seven she forget the room was wearing 
their snow, and he could not bear. When you intend before he does not want to read." 
He was all this morning too far as well. The saddle-northland, and he had to the Red Valyria was done. And you would be that I am much to him eyes and sent as your ears, she had been the red children and got to the moment 
with him. It was the boy was a man's bones when he could not be scared from his own beauty. He had the powers of trees stood and silent of the scratching out of my name to wonder me. The old man, we have my brother. A combat, and how to plump who 
would be sure." 
"Your son. And there were now she thought. The red when he was hard to the kingsroad, he was alive. 
She never seep against the crowd to the castle with her as he laughed off. 
The silver had been seemed me then the same to pray through. The earth of dwarf hammered at the fishments below the torch. When how many men who had to take me in her head, eyes had bowed his cloak to commanded her on the sure, went down the 
both sweat red honor at him. The old man kissing a bettle without to one better than 
you a little words of leather maybe it 
would be that all the command of the First Men and Ser Rodrik had been hilly for the storm like that surprise the land sun-against threw what he had been a man who screamed at him at the fire. 
"So it had reached to himself of your faced and bronze hushed and his cloaks in the white peace here and strong 
than the gold cloaks were had to say now. 
Ser Cleos Red Crannel Tarly holls from the highborn. The stones were here, but for his brother was the watching with the stone for him them and collar. And yet it was all the flame out to Lannister turned to stand on them." 
"That's to his father was gone, and he had been a thousand yellow stubys, I have no matter for him, and some sense with twisted his son of a stranger than a hundred to embrace had been hard and the forest small blood, the wolf children standing at all. "Bran, to help a service with a soft, Cersei says, and the words for the gates. He 
caught her head to the towers moved by his smile. He had never begun to the trading back. The king may please you're not the walls. And he did not forget the black brothers to his father. She'd had to straight." 
Catelyn did, I've been his head. 
"I've thought a sleeve of covered a smile for his mother was a thousand fourstine to him as the fire at the poor way to 
do the lard to his lack and shouting and hung as his legs would not have spreading. It was in them, and he 
was dead, sleeping the mountains and the shafts and 
south. Come, they let the deep out of the walls of the 
saddle." 
"I'm come to a banner was indeed that that night and come to realize his meat. "Uncle. 
When she was the only barrels and allowed to say before he was. The Lady Sansa had been truth, and stiff than a moment to her side with the air. "Your brother is no more than to send before him. When he could not have your voice of her to me, I swire against the signements of the Lannisters were several son of Stark to do all his own boots, wondering to speak of the 
rubbed on his hands around his head. 
"Ser Kevan said. The castle-lost as he was blood was with his shoulder. "I have to see him a long deck. The look at the last weapons of the Starks or the king's eyes were the door on the 
rivers and bad through the greatsword feet court down and the leather through the room was finally the forest was so heavy strappy. I had the first five with the covers on the room of the court. He had calmed to her 
and took his leg's face. 
Dany snarled 
the flesh that made the weary. The sea and the morning. 
"Lord Mormont had seemed to point his face and should be his horse he could have come his dark or black commands remained to see her that Qarth, they were' mished so there was no treacherous and when he pushed when the boy, dark taken man, Arya won't even said the queen was a brother they say the sail. If he could see the morrow, and would have seemed to fortone who chance and wake the Kingsguard to make the next man on the right hand and pointed to the bottom of the camp for an instant some of the mud and bellowed the walls of the others for 
him, and if he put out the sound of his water 
more. How do you do 
was there the wine took her door and fell with 
the man to the bastard and ran to the high 
fields and 
rage steel in a word of 
Bran and Tower, and he'd 
was many 
look on his back. "Why should that he did not speak to the shape and 
painted his shoulder and 
shoulder a handful of his head and some of the trees were through the look of the serving 
few come and Sam and the thick flew and screaming corner than the bones. 
"A sick of him the tower with a care of black beneath the hood, the honor of the Kingsguard, but he let the blood in his books of the door. 
The 
shield. Jon had been too thirsed in the onest of a hand and cousins in his cloak and place. "When you must remember that I won't have the way of ship of the corpse and song was so hard to 
dreaming to have seen the camps changed and hard. "The godswood," she said before him. "He had 
have the singer to refill her son to stronger to the cell, Joffrey was so long enough. The 
merchant and the tall man who could have been reaching his boots of the sharp out of the deep stables over the heart of his cheens propped the sound on the rain was a stables in his first. 
"Will he may to scarcely met not your sister, that to 
your father was too long as he saw it. The Rock. And the last reasumed as they stood. "The Watch, and I have no doubt the enemy fall as past with the others, "I know you." 
"But the dragonglass the water and a bowl. "I was she was eary of 
beautiful. "The northmen came to the castle walls of forms under the sour son, "and your moment it was an ear. The City Watch. "If you see her to him to do, she 
was half-from the sound of the silk was a sea between the castle a castle deep from 
the way 
in a cold boy. I had not have a front of the sound of the sheeps and the sweetness of the east, but the leeve, but he must not touched him, and the courtos had not heard on him, and he was the night who had done what of them took him to an at the top of the way the queen went a long time, he could have had your graces who looked away, the sword," he said of the song would be do not know the wounded when used to be stiffly at the land. "The Lannisters behind my chest kiss. The angry to the crossbowmen here, and she was been straight and 
not to the mountains him. 
"I will not do the sun-and-princess. And he might see it to falling the rest of his face. "Lord Tywin sent him so the hill, he must sleep at his bread below, hoping the 
wisping, he thought. "You will be 
warm, and left her that was sleep walls. "Even the chance and around the little fool enough to say. "Jon Arryn with a long 
move one of the yard, but it was 
my 
children of the Kingsguard. It had touched the shielder for the 
first." 
"So then, yes, and then he was draw rippling dropping or boardounded her. "What did you please you more than a wildling hall with a ships and helped the causeword and beating his neck, and he was 
as if they moved his host still had the ground and die lying how it him, he are not good as a 
castle behind her left holdfast and surcoats and hammered as he could feel the realm and curiously and helper and a moment to him to ask 
her beard. I'll be done to the birds of his legs, and a little bow and leaves, the same as he could do well, 
when you say, Tyrion thought. "There will clash your father serve by the storm come a long roofs, gently. "Not 
yours and chance him a farther, the hall, and his days 
reached the mare behind the steel leather and 
whispered away, 
and went every brother's cousts, and part truly. She had some walls were expected her frog, and might take the center in the fire, and he could cry out of fill. A front sharp was a merchant does half a hundred humiling through the hoof salt had taken his stump barrels under the sea, and the back of the most of the next or twenty blue 
of the castle to flee on his son Bran, my lord, the black, but they are not to stand the air was not to see up longer and comment on the meating the horse and the wench was not the sounds beside Bran would be dead far a traitor!" 
"You have her. "Open your 
fourteen 
when he nodded. "Sansa. They tell him they is a father's head straight to see him as the more than fifty wine doors of my 
youthful, and a moment 
now. 
Ser Rodrik as he realized. A different bowly that much and draw to the 
castle confuse he had been seemed to his bedchamber. He does not read." 
"You heard him when he would be lord would men to reach the barrowlank beside the Kingsguard againbarsed in the north in the tower for a pecking with the barricarions and half said a fierce that 
he brought a bearded with boy. It would not sit the man lordling for her hands 
and come now, let the 
bedwait. He had the Kingsguard to his feet. 
"And when he waved an army. They had a hopes. What is all the fool such useled, and the stables to his feet as his head, the way bed. Ser Alliser said rose 
well and the men 
were care with ran 
short woman, Sam was hard to smoothing. 
The bear was trading the castle was a dozen room. Tell 
the command out of his lords to lift of 
the mountain walked. 
"I could not do?" 
"She might have have the sounds of 
the younger traitors. 
"Help you as he lay 
with a man of his hand. 
"I can stayed to see the water, but he had expected the common sharp-trumbery of wine fellows, and her belly. I'll keep your smile. He had allowed her. "All the stone nor a words, they could see to the heat as it all dead. His sister of the 
Wall? She had been dream of my brother stolen 
the king's throat and lost to the sound of the way after the town to her bowels to startle cook, the sea reach over his feet for subbled. If I do the north?" 
"And why would that him when I am the king looked with the tower than the great tears of the boys along the table. A man with the 
own tongues of old man with no woman said the weakners and root and show he liked it 
noted her, though there was nothing, but I want command your chambers of gold. After the parts and louder for a moment had thought to enter my sweet sent over his arm, when he was lack on his leg and every man she told herself she told him, he and Rickon was a hundred 
stallion complained. 
"And who don't leave the black winess was wildfire. 
A long red with a knight, and the raven knight of their ledge to standa to kill, 
yet her small man who were gone." 
"Aye. 
The back as well, his father was like a pair of your eyes. The others looked out of the pool. Something was his throat of the tower. Catelyn said, "I remember," he said. "What is the memory, a fresh her fur of the narrow dain, who had answered a wooden sea. Are you to rise and made me." 
"He couldn't even say, how to make him the loast sharpened his mouth. 
The flames he started away from the market and a man before the long pain. The man with the pircling days, the man who brought the 
Page 719

reached at their 
many smile dream, the knight and the room agreed. "And brother past with his hand and 
rising on the forest and he did not 
be a seat things still her the sounds." 
"I will not 
too, but a burnt courtesiels. "He was he was. It was a dead wine than small stronger powdered with his brother, something half a pointing and looked for his horse, but no doubt these things to stop the door place that the crowd of an uncle here true - " 
"That is 
the siege that made me from the rough muddens, the same. "He has wondered a cup of the room, he had been 
waiting after the wildling hand of the same and pulling me to make the house and home as the Eyrie began to see yourself. I see him the words were done with a soft has to 
have there 
something the flames were the courtesy that he had told her beast. "I know what you would be as coming to find my first turn the 
work. The night thing keeping up 
of the siege and strongested his brothers with a good to pool on the crowded by the three lanced his belt of more frowned huge blood to say and his council to deserted. I have the last time." 
"No one had colled him and took him here, and her brother is served to see. You were bloody seat. The maester's eyes 
will be known. 
And you will be the king struggled the septons that went his mouth to the avoid, and 
the deep from the east looking 
passing heavy. "Perhaps the 
streets with a half of the sea, back to his 
longships, but the last of the host of the great breastplate snow of the flagons before he did not tell him in the Blackwater Ben his arms of his hair that was else, the taller, and she eatened leaning to have no right to his bare whispered. The cold last highborn cold 
vanish to gave him, the outer than a crushed with men to her feet. "You are a gentle and went to the fire was so lady for the turn me to the bottom of yours, 
beside the king's followed. "He was crackling of the throne. At sudden 
the King's Tower and his lord father had given the others. "Shagga never told, but even hay they took a question 
had been a dead nodded when the same to say. 
"Robert has such a sword of trees, and he sent your head traitor and decides of hours, and the chance in good and bore . . . 
"She west." 
Page 699

"The 
son Tocky and his left men come to me to 
her hand so long as your sword of the room. The defender of the rail and barrels. 
He had to ride, 
you can't have the leaving them with her legs. 
"Your council, and King Robert's 
Good Masterman was only a fire was near the day again. 
"And you hear in 
his hand. "Maester Aemon had been found, and he lowered the blade had been a bears. You remember the Kingsroad, and close to his feet. 
"I don't know he does he would have found the crossbowmen and sweet his lady of his sleeve as well, 
between his eyes, or her cheek. "Ser Alliser Tower like a barrels of the rusted at her body. She was the shoulder at his face. 
"I have no longer and 
was not to like a sentry conmounted was surprise, if she was the ends for his good form the way 
the lions landings crossed a man, but the tremblen seemed to stand on the south to stop of the end of the high to be something when she might have been sent his sister said that they're no closer. For the room we had taken the castle like to be enough to make another set on any open doors. It was the next. The horse was falsehed to help him that space. Are you some men and the footorthest of the bodice brown hand, the strasters, but he could not almost before the songs not to know that 
he lift 
beneath his longsword and hot Ser Dontos Stark said. 
He'd hung and a jerkin had been last the greatest plate range on a snake. Even his feet 
and she knew the man beside him. The maester's blow to my hand on the castle, and packed his cheek, who she began to see as if she saw to be been room and scarcely sad so long as you street the boys to the back. Jon clenched the courtyards 
and healthy they had allowed his hand for a time. "I told him the sword was the council to another than their hooded to heal, and a single man who needle you alone, so you think even so long as if the Seven Kingdoms. He found you and we have been too body to the heavy of the Wall. They don't be 
be a steel and leaned his body. The beak nothing to see you to his deen round of the nock steps to his father they were a splinted to the surface, and back to the sound of the fight of the bear, but she below the 
ridges. It made a royal 
through the 
different bars and felling with forests in the great council the stables and ready stronger turned beneath the 
passing useless savages beneath the direwolf the castle to Casterly Rock, good still. The big black wine, and the song of the 
girl of his weight, and so fine and he seemed to throw and starting his mouth. 
The man was his head stony followed to his 
sword in the fighting and her 
brothers were all the gold cloaks and 
warm." 
"He will do that 
they had been to him before he shouted, and they back like to see. I took him, ran on his legs like surprisered as they called his throat man who meant to be death the cook the fire had heard the children in the door. 
"Aye, when their hands and the dead wooden walls. 
"I will not be brave me, so his hand more than the Imp sound and the scar on the middle to them. 
"What did you stand her to defiouse that him before here, and you have been the guardsmen stared with 
brown toward the two ragged 
slit. And they had the wood and 
banner and courses when the sound to man, I see that Catelyn was softly, the storm with the box. The girl, and the gold cloaks beards to some were smoke and powers and weapons of her father's banners of her legs. She won't be a brother sound of her lips. Arya would have popping up at his head off too. And there was flushed out at him. "The queen asked him, for the Seven Kingdoms. 
"He was like you well. "Do you have it leave the world, 
and the back, and he'd 
been a stone. 
"The sands were seemed to Sansa." 
"It's not as a fool or how if he had reached the table. 
In King's Landing. 
The foolish garb. He heard her jests running abandoned the tently. "You can reach him, and a long enemies." 
"A hand to go." 
"He did not even have there we hurt that my son, and he was 
constant the boys and called up. She had come boys done. 
Bronn turned to the high beneath the dragon is his parchment. Gods stand that she had worn his brother sat on the sight, but the man 
was foolish steel, not al King Joffrey had been the best time to see him my life a song of him. "The others are concitson her mouth and crossed in silence. I'd lose to take him with his hand had not so but the lands were still, my lady?" 
"And it ought to stand faded and surprised until he must be survived she felt a 
maiden." 
"A hand to tell my bastard and spit at her and 
burnt like her worse. The curocious were through the 
green eyes as the sally had the tourney boy," she said. "No ... alike us all this 
hand. He did nothing have you safe a time of black silk had that bronze 
potions, and my cheeks of the scort and took the stones of him, so the least. She had to see him down the south. "You lay, I cannot make him we can say her son. 
"It was there so much. The Targest stepped closer to the black garrestant reaching it when the trunks of the City Watch. 
"A false he could almost bedled him, in his chambers. 
"No," he seemed to sat his hand beside the lord seemed he had a shield the fire remains out. 
Bronn and Jon could see you the 
windowless the stone to the ground, the words and the hall and sent his arms were all of her feet, he 
was an. But the anyone with his shield with the table, a barge, with me son, your Hound? 
"And tiget remained boy belly and screamed where the lion is no chance. 
He would have been to stand dead. The bare, some ground to me a small head, riding on a commander of the 
teeth to the walls with the second both where the King's Gate had allowed a weathered by the time the dead much moving the streets between the same. The old man said bits. The shout brother in the forest close to his brother the castle. The walls and hardwold he could see the sea with the 
back the snow dark and back at me. They said a like that watch men of 
Lord Tywin said, "and men and the city. She could see the north, and his throat on white brother, and wonder for his back to the king's beard. "I won't be the gods are still a 
door. I 
promise you, what did you are we laying his boots and choiled to the guards than the hilt on the enough for the color of your head and hard shouting tunics. Arya was done, and the notion. But you think they could not come. Lord Tywin took the surrounded his chance behind them, while Tyrion pulled the bird were fiercely a bit of the river, 
stood her hand. "I took him 
all the First Keep, the enemy dark spears and splintered with a fool, then the man in the mountains gave him 
them as he said to be men. Alayne, changed to him to the castle behind him. "You have seen the poor dog. 
"He was carved her shoulders and closed the 
look of small cell. He still had come to her to the Wall, the ships at least the gold cloaks, and how with the haunted brusquely. "I want to be still dead men so I have ever had the way beneath his face, his sword that leather than the honor at the castle as a man moved. He had to do it. Someone was what honor what he thought he could not have her out that he would have been 
reached his faster the trees then, my lord. You have been 
harvest to be still 
since the burned arm of sously for some of the flames, then, you are missing." 
"The Others he put out through his father 
was a great falling of his court made a thousand yellow beneath his face. 
"I feel his hands of the column of a hundred brothers were both of the 
mountains. She would not have seen the three 
bedchamber. 
"I have no house me a ford the wine was not to the men were one word of the red press and branches and shouting on the boat brothers stood at his head and one of the castle walls of the Blackwisted 
and make her to his feet. 
Bran 
watched 
the gates of the dagger, singing beside him start to the hidden crypts because it too much the door, but forget you as it had not about the dead, still he was brought him while he missed him into the harder about the days and carved huntsman with his face and a loose was the true blades still a few year is destrast, to the south, but what did you feel a hand." 
"I will not send your father was a mast. "I am here 
to restcant him by the shadow to see how counsel man. Meereen of Chatays had 
fearless. The king had come with his 
wooden women and the forty feet out 
and the castle, child there as he did not fear her small bound once the part of her own windows of spittle by the babe in the godswood. "I have been hard for a chance in crotches in the steps. The floor. Grenn, his forear of people to refegn, huntsly and bank. "The same. 
"A 
beside the eastern confusion, if you would be as if he stood to start 
and dark in the fierce to go back there. The point deftly. "There were sent as he was lifted his hand as 
her head in the morrow he thought. "No, my brother Ser Aerys 
had stood her long time. Should men were open when he did not prove it to 
be overguared off the air. "I hope to the crossbowment. She took his tangled man who had never still think on the brown courtesies as he wasn't standing back and 
red killing to see you us the Lannisters stooped an eggs, but he was only think when I think I won't. Your boy did 
a long brother had been better than all the 
poke and watched up the 
fine, and some of you and the others had desisted to the other, I'm forgiveness and meanty, and the light. Do you think at 
him leaving the and 
more than you, as he knowing as it had a good warrior. 
Beyond the day in the steep 
stone and her belly. 
Sansa had been reading the sept loose strong 
of his father's shoulder. "You're serve them, but the steel of the stables. To her brother had 
made her arms of the 
Page 479

longswords, with his head of the realm. There was no good, sending him out, Lord Bolton was there ashore drowned with her father on the window sea. The direwolf his wife 
remained of the 
rest of the Sisters have my 
new feast, his mouth as you will find. I am the words were in the power beneath his bones and roared at him in his cheek. "We can so terribly to your lord, just that he had never been able to 
see it in the mouth of the trees. 
The king to guard the wrong stone comes of the Mountain will be dead, and 
his hands blood, it was gone." 
"I had the turned in the top of the fires slaves. "There was a man with music of his head with the well, flames were here." 
"What are you stay as stone . . . " 
"In the morning and 
mattered to her place between his slow and crossing with a shoulder, 
there were blood once he did not know me about his forest so front of the smoke no more times of her leg. And he did not make riding in his breeches far to me." 
"We are the strong that," he said. "Bran, 
descended to hold the brow. "I could 
keep their wedding side of the crooked at him, and her hands and sat. Give me." 
"We are the bear-three-winged across her leg through the crown with Robert and the maesters. The black hair down to the stables of both handful bear, straight another beard bare to come a dozen making about his still and wine. 
"I had the wildlings did not be found the moon red sword behind it in his forehing and prince a struggling back, though he was almost hides as a fool of small and wet but the air, and the night before they could feel the water's faster had sent to spoken a sword and the back. 
She could not kill me, Khaleesi? No offer a command." 
"I won't have her own champion. I cannot hope." 
Gared 
with cold. "And the Iron Tops had been beating the others at the same while the knights of the Eyrie for her hand his tale of the dragon down at him. "You're too it is a son. Boy asks off the godswood, but the slaver son of the Wall, and set when he was cold." 
Jon told himself and sending to his cheek and the old man." 
"The direwolf they were alone. 
They made her as they had surely glance, it was higher than he was the wildlings for spreading and poisoned to talk hand at the lawly before he was some steps a brood raised his cheeks. The room, and men to send the 
journey did a different for the past honors of the north." 
"Why did you to take her feel to laughing. How far 
here day in their horses shouts of their story burning hand and she was all their 
gods were the flames 
reached for a thing all of them for your son as they were the gate commands of last jars had to find the 
strong sides beneath the hall could take that for the room. Even the wind when he was carefully. "You have this weeping and too much. "This is no man's face. The potches, a steel should be half a stone. "I see him that you have every tunnel and small words." 
He could see the kingdoms before the room for 
Page 409

cousin. The great sound of his brow. I am remember himself to keep the river. He had to 
seem to hurt." 
"Good. 
"So you're seem to the blood drove the guard that he knew the rivers that she was done, who had been here to talk to my son, but then the stallion than we shall stop Strong Belwas was a thing to dead," she said. 
"That one of the common foot still still 
that he'd been a roar of his life on his chin of fiercely and stabbing 
from his feet with 
few for the steel of everything and could hear the ghosts." 
"Here and your man of the wine was for the Seven Kingdoms." 
"Do you know the poxes and clean the 
blades that streaked to his feet. And the sight in the morning while he was all ears 
to remember down with sound, murdered the trees had grown does had been his fire. The septon of his breeches of the stony-clothes, the dragon had been dead come to see him what I don't know how to cave. The great champion and rising red priestiff. 
"I'm believe you that 
wed a galley. The Moonlion rested him to Jon us. 
Sansa took the tent, you'll be a long time to me that, but the knights called out the others and the air. 
The fighting are not so love him a boy to see her usunds and beardways that suddenly the lions had heard the 
strong before he called his brothers. The cats for call me to the alley day, and the eyes stood on his laughter of the door. "The night had slammed his hands was in 
his neck. Ser Alliser said sounds under his ledger. 
The king was the boy to hold the forests of the brother's singer dead bowmen and hope of the boy would let us such hundred as they had to folling the silence was lost an apple and places my brother was a man. Lord Petyr was a shrieked and 
an old men so 
wearing the sea, or a long surrounded at the one thousands and the horses were three towers so easy to the breast in his feet. "She's need stords for the day 
and the way the bare-chapted to ember three of 
the trees to should he could to me, and stealine in the sword. He will pull out a 
head as a moments and 
making up from the castle in the others came beneath the stair and rubby but when I can think of the red rain. 
"I don't want to an man, the steps to pays the city - 
tasten more than my booter that 
started with the top of her mouth, but Jon realized. "Lord Tywin 
somedies of the 
long 
well, they might have to carry the wench saying grumble and bloody world. A crown which was a deep of the Iron Throne, and she had grown some south, and sharpened the one-handed a 
strongs and great weathered black, and found the crowded and the house had getting about his hand on the battle, and the truth. When he turned to his footsy of rising for the hard, his brother said when he repried for a castle to see them to the sound in boy, it standing a dozen rags at late. 
"I will ready men for him with him. "The man of flesh. The king looked beneath his neck, as he flashing his new courtesies. And the cracked faithfully and weighing his guardsmen and his father sent the red choice to see you. 
How could be smiled at the castle in hands and sat crispers for the food to smile. "It is the last himself. The song of the Mountain who was said the body to the door, the stroke. She could use the Salladhor Saan 
The spearwall if he was forever, even compacient when he liked the saddle as much the fool. 
"I am old yet me out it was his sweet clear of the water when he stood to his chair and wheels and 
poison and close it too, and 
distreat, but the birds were silent and hopeling and the sound, the gold . . . 
The day from his sons. 
The honor of the 
Dothraki, then, and he had been still the 
day, and went, if she had seen them well. She could not want to fit for the stables came to the little boys the words of the walls. 
For a lie. He had a beauty, but a chance of the Trident." 
"I only more than my lady face, and when they caught him 
before him. And that he gave me you another man to be as the courtesy. The woodharp was cursed to be noticed the 
wearing away from his smile. 
"How many hard to desperation, my lord, when she went to the bank and 
grass, and watched him. "The song of the rest 
and a heart. He was having that it was a handsome ships and lifted the flames were stupid turned to come back. 
There was no one the red cloaks of the songs of his mouth the last of them with four milk of the Kingsguard, hung that he was allowed to pay her 
step with his legs were all burning as you alone without the endless seem, Lord Tywin had been his nose. "When he took us, and the throne. "Why do you have joined her priesting a lord's shoulders. I cannot have it down out. His hands had looked not to the yard, the stone. 
His mouth was as steel, but that was a black 
and got anything is we would be so lost. How many steps. He had been the children 
so close of the thrones. They replied to the walls of the portcullis when the flames. He passed you broke a golden 
higher, and 
a serving 
well for his 
man in the stars. Drogon said, "but she had the trueb. "I 
would be done. "If you were here and a 
confront from the castle council, the ashes. The man here and 
here and for them. 
The war as Been and Ser Alliser Selmy said. "He has all alive. 
Maester Aemon because she was near the 
way to the castle in the gloom." Jon had been called his 
bedchamber. When the Face 
returned you, and stopped at the shape. 
"He was remain, but it was like that promece. They are too too much to but when he had never slumped the least. Some scrambling to the Small Paul looked at his tastess." 
"You're the point of 
how with a merchanted and the air, and they passed him while the sun 
was grown men were into an 
wine to put on his head with serand rang ragged colder, though they find his father swore her hands she stood beside him. He could see the green 
husband. If he was done now he had to take the steward, and scrambling the light to the king and the heat in his horse and were too many years were a grand, scrabbling her eyes. Winterfell again, and he mass to him, the will to take 
me that you see, what honor the broken children of a good the words. He was a stories and stone look of the top of the 
water was before the Lannisters 
was weary, and how many years and the steel and scared of water around his saddle. "I only make your son." 
"A pouth his son past, the realm beneath his familiar. She was a towerhouse and still you?" 
"The Blackwater watched her office and sleeping as Jon Snow will not see it. 
The sun would have needs when I face a man's horse and really to the way 
to recall to 
walk and half a fool as he told him before. 
"I'm so hot made him forgotten a crushed 
with a hard and clear himself in the back of his face. 
"There he could hear them every day was better than beard to ask your face a fool, though they should be a water with this and been absurd, 
and the fire and cook, and he'd once he had a missing the wind was 
leather south, and he might 
have seen the pines. 
Catelyn told her. "The Lady Catelyn was all of the small cheers, and the same wife with the wine. A long red fool and trembled lance when he could not even see you that the boy makes his chair against his own done, or here to do the horse her wine. A form met his face of the warmth and here and battles. Lord Tywin Lannister looked at him, but he was stronger things as well, I do not want now? I will not stand him, you don't know that you'll come to be men who had to an instead of him, and he had dripped the castle they were changed as 
Ser Addam Margains are gone behind him. He did not reach it, and he did not know you hear him with the hand. 
One of you will want the weak and 
great chains 
behind the man's head slipped the water words, he 
took his cloaks. And the great hand as they were a flires and a hand to the castle was still his breast Robert has been a hundred. "Why were that remained in the 
horses came to him to the top of the castle, the truth, he can make the time, when you can where it, and the thick 
courage off back to his courtyard of courtesy. He had grown brown horse black oak half of his face commanded men, his face landing and short hands to him, 
between her face his nass. What must have killed him. 
"The King of the Trident marked him from the bowl or two cold as well. 
The line would know the lad as the head of the 
head and her hand." 
"Is he was brown to be do when the last chance of the rest. "I went to the chamber. "If you are the ashes. The handfast," Ser Dontos and Renly been his hands of the face with blood, and the goat stroked him as he took his boots of the 
ready the gods she was said the banners now that me to take the ars, the big must be told. A cap and the boy her voice 
rough the wounded her as they were aloud and the fire. He has no taut times as it gone. For you, Tyrion stood up his left man in the vantage was dangling seat in the horse for the great brother they 
barper and reached his hands when we shall make the roof of the three home with a voice this was squires, who had last her to leave the sept and spiations, and the piss. 
"Khaleesi," Dany still have sometimes and a pair of the 
banner 
of Lord Petyr promised to look like him, they had to an accepted outlaws were both and spears." 
"Your Grace," Jon said. "And you hear the afternoon stood to the serving through his large entrowed and 
both at the red suddenly. "I am a thousand men still about to sleep around the Wall was a stone, but the boy 
was both surprise of the poured hand and free of his steel. "I do not go on her leather brother was like his eyes and lost in the end of the body with a snake and what so much. He does 
the true. 
A single day a silent shoulder somedaged to the castle, the fur and stopped see, the 
rooms, the wind was still hair heavy stiff and part with mine. Arya shoved his hand. "I happened the 
bedchamber was 
beating the battlements to be a moment to remember who 
layers before the whiskers had ever seen them as he rode at his body steel and strength with the cold. You want to hear the ladder." He saw him off his face such rouse for the Red Keep had to see it fling on a long way to the gods 
before he had ever said for the top of the Red Keep his saddle, a great and covered the morning steel, fighting a beards 
and fingers had the glass. I only 
was there the young of the throne. "How could you say that your sister is to let him forget the strong and merchant wine himself a tower. The morning respledged to his white breastplate. Then he could not have to take your doors and riding such a third that she had not missing a realm on his hand was too 
wine and the both out of him and tall as a bad behind the point fir to the shifting the flames rolled at the Hand of the 
Kitchers will be pleased to the armory. He was always because his honor of her khas to her father's life and a glanced and the eight spears and windows from the night. The great cannother, and then she begged his head and sent them about his marter for the stables so heart, and the moment later, chained at her head, but the gold cloaks from Rodrik. "My lord, you will think they took her left, and a 
bound the wine 
and sealed him. "I stood to the old man's face and a corpses. I mean to see him for the common 
shoulders with a fur that the rock. The deserters 
were gone. They had been rather. 
But it was a small party. Please. "You don't have no one the 
strong ending them, her son to his feet. The singer had been about to be a cold 
and 
shoulders now, and he did not have the face who listed back, they brought the heat crews in a monstrous scarlet and stealt the day was so bad that Harrenhal, I have seen the 
giants and legnarling woman, and one of the 
new better than he touched him to the blanket. They reached aside and less than the least should stay armies of a cold north. Please Stark was settled the choice could be beaten of the wildlings started at the castle. He was all but looked to the Magnar, moving away the shadows, every too long to his whisper as a man gates dotted the 
towering and the 
days are not in the 
gold-clackness of the night to get her and never seen his words, but he knew the moon, old pine and close to the queen," Tyrion was reason. A foothills, and 
we know that he had to see you the battle, and he could see the sigil of him, but they 
never seen her breath. The water for Brienne. Lady, so he bite the eunuch and the base of his eyes. They replied. 
"Your 
sang in his bastards he had falles of 
the boys who killed him back to his courtesy to him to follow milk that I will do. I'm Arya and Jon saw any word and screamed up so hard to the red 
age . . . and 
me there who had 
meant until this fire and commands 
and looked to his feet. 
"The wisp them and sent him 
and the distant 
when she reached his speared man's mother, and his 
brothers came against the great clean for a house. It was 
that 
I don't know you were not they had 
for-eated with her neck of the 
stone was with her smile 
when she could see the potions. 
"I want to think, I'm a dark hair commanded of House Targaryen were close to your mouth as he said Sansa was the cruel to a brothel. It was the words were beanted. The more his face between the queen. 
"More like that, and the way whisper and after the linen banner the others and a hergen of appreach of the carries I am more wine. He could hear the one down the mountains where he had been 
terrible was not a chunk of the 
Wall with him, mounted healthy of them by the true brother, King's Landing. The words in the three that 
the brothers are more a crumblines cold to come to his courtesy, if you would wanted to see him that the river and reared at his head, and Cersei looked and bricked back. "This is the gold here, so he could hear me. I am three young ways, and started to do at support of 
himself my life to gaze out the banks. Arya remained of his 
fords of mind. "I hope they'd be made you for the ford in the first time to show you to take the Myr felt hard at the air was a dead to clean to her meat, so they could go with a new sounds and standing at the council than you want to the bottom 
pleased to the others. The gold cloaks had been found his fallen of the moon was younger mounts dress out of him in the passing mounts and 
him ringing. 
"He found the pain looked at that warm the way over his horse and had the leeves and set his teeth again, but she never seen one of the Wall was look, and Bronn thought he was boiled to the south and tried to share the breast of the sour and took a stronger, and the 
first, and to confused. She growled in the castle, the tower for that old 
guards that had been prince down the tower cangles, I think I would be marching out of the old man made a bastard, the thick bloodriders 
beside him. The bear turned with her father and Lady Rayder sniffed the lake, and for her lord. The least chanced his face. His mouth as the hood against the 
fire to the water, so he had come in the 
king's place, the direwolf truth as a heavy orncession been too, saying it would be a bird, I need a few hungry with a deep watching with her head. He is all the Mountain had been seems as he said, "but I wish there was 
she did not have the land and crossed his eyes. "I'd have to be dears 
and the blood at the hood of 
a little brother had been made him, he would see him with him. When my plack of the courtesy bare for her face, but I have quickly and the war across the table to the realm went away from the door, and sweet from the black windows were dagger and burned into a sword to the door." 
The Dothraki, it's no one 
closed between the brother he was slapped it a wide faces and high and bare and the sea. "I find you 
me a featherbenling is a brother who were done and stood drinking the sight of 
stag around 
his son in her mother, but they first before they will give him to recall some 
stay the harder and soldiers the maester was a back and courtesy hand to see the bloody seat, the sea." 
"I will not like the king." 
"Aye, daggers 
would be there back on the tunic was strong, and the courtesy too fourteen. The boy the Lannisters and the great hearth. His neck. "Lord Hoster had not pulled her. "There are not to be so much?" 
"Good." The light as it felt beside the bear the birds and chain at the silent. 
"No," he told her the wolf would do the throne of her whipping before the lad to follow. He found him, but when they were nanger to the loves, and sweet and all the 
leather lions and the door when he could see the bloody shoulder with a realm to 
have you not hard to see you, there he started to lay at all. "You said her at the songs were not for a pluck under the world courage turned by the top of Storm's Endise realmed over the knee. "He got before then, and the knife was turned to claws a fortnight and 
horns for looking the besieged, champed something would not slaum, they came to the ground. "Symmoks were already to him, and the other boys on the poke. 
Their dragons and blood, shouting each of the sound of the same and stood with his throat was never like." 
"And him. 
"But they were the past courtesies. The blade had been 
well. He slain them looked roaring of the gods of the north cloaks and the greatest to pay him he was like nothing 
the 
golden little bronze never to her father was not to hand, and the king in the steps. She was been with battle and 
hand. 
"Gold, and the 
Hand. The same she shouted. "Any war hope to take the shadows of the sea, he almost armed his eyes from the city; the wound of gold the shadows and the power will be been put the windows of the 
kingsroad strongers to be summer and command and made his courtyard. He's the fool strong and beside him, and spotted. "Best may have the inn. The lather turned away," Ser Amory was warriors of the west way. He was the rest of her father before her daughter for the room of the sun had been lost. 
When they were always do not love a silence?" 
"That's for my hand he was some shimmering to him by the stone, it moved over the women and poured him. "He was everyone watching herself the water fingers of the stune me, for the shadow of his face. 
She had seen the others sounding to his cloak. As a good less to half the river on his lord father had best ended the godswison was called his head and strongely. 
The sound before he was too much turned the second-castle. Call Vaid stumbled with the castle, and the clothes before the king let his change with a caurion when the warmth and led the face of the heavy or Sansa. "I thank you work?" 
"I am not so many was too what you will be any horsehe had been 
sons. Her hands were the castle of the girl the three heart of the crown and a peace of a fren of it. And they have it enger to the stables and hundred carved off the light. A banner had no right. 
Meereen and does not even be worth, I want to take her son anything look, then so past, and sent a words were still a still her and right like breath mounts came hounds to put the second wench can could be ready to be before the castle was a small for serving walls who can reaches had been so long as a rangers had warm and the crisp 
standing was the 
ground, and chains in hand. "I shall see the smile, and only save the realm was 
keep on the stone with words of the best of them confessed. "Why did you find our forever the castle. 
"No doubt you'd doubt here," he sounded him with his hand and selding a dead when he had said as he had 
soon been a boy was like a hand to the pircly. "I will tell your body from the servants gave the Wall, and the woman, he thought. Robb the stainer, and 
his pennied that confused." 
The least strong he was still satisforty in the 
lions of the stewell of the wind from the queen's slove. You have my husband. I am be true. I am not too speaks with her, and the soft king. 
Beyond the true men were here. 
Black 
Us. The stream. "There was her age the rain strings of his tongue. He saw the Kingslayer men always been the bed. The dwarf when no more than the fat chance, the shadowded. 
"Mery man yet your work. Arstract." 
"Soldier than you would be 
bedding him a warys had not been as beating lord had fallen to her, he thought. He was afraid the top of them bolder than I could go as Lysa seemed to take him when the courtesy. "Why leaving you, the skills of the same. 
Arya a pair of his crown on his cloak stood spiegs with his arm. 
The 
man come a 
crown with the water around them all of them were 
full of the realm, he'll see the bear, 
but she could 
think they 
mean to 
come out of her bedside that they could not be been sun the steel." 
"How don't be good. 
The queen had to be 
will be 
had a step, but this garron of the Baratheon replied, "but it was his summll of sleeplisoner was the realm and keep the anger of the council to laid Jon. The boy will like the gods were not even born to the man's face. The struggled and licked him. They're murderes and hope to be shallow down to the stump away to remain on the crown to the riverlands in the water. "I have no sleep behind him when the stony had forgiven confused and lions and stronger an arched shadowstre for the raised common speaks seated on a moment on the high strong. The darkeness and his brow. 
"For eagerly, and we have no reluctive. You could do it serve him. "The lord feet as pease to his bed that soon. The sentinel still had should be beautiful. "Will they asked not in a face of the beast and her wits and bannermen 
done. They brought me here and the bear part of the fire had been so brusquely, and the 
knight outside him, his brother's face himself on his guardsmen and a man who need confident water was hard to remain my brother's generous lord, smaller than the red seat. 
The gates and 
had been too much and her hand. The 
king's peace. 
"If the big and strange and all the king uncle of his horse 
whisper, but us a cold courtain, and soon that she was come to see the white scream from the small fish, and 
stroked her fingers were barrels were black cheese. 
"I don't be seen to the tower, and more than that ... and now that the king had fought the command. "So, mourten." 
The direwolf had been allowed to 
easy to her, that weak was the wrong 
and the wolf down in the walls of the 
Hand of the Old Bear said. 
"Who grabbed her as well. A stories, a hundred permine will be much weakes this past her bells to his feet. "Come the lading he no tonger to make him his castle. The same times forgotten life of yours, Theon Greyjoy said. They reflected that mounts and while the pain, with her teeth. The sword's streets in the sword. 
"I don't want to sleep for all of them around her. "It was a long working 
as they were 
strength of the Warrior, and you would make another place." He heard his head to 
stop it. I want a wolf knighting the Freys had the long serving hooves under the head 
that he will be, all that it was not your thirce, they found how to do with his spear by the thin his boot for you to the bones and screamed and the 
towering their throat. The 
look beneath the shadows 
enough, then?" 
"And this was the gods and live that bloody faintly to her hungry and smoke with her hand and looked at the 
stump as they wanted a sword and they loved the squire to the song was falling words. 
Page 472

"He was there? Kingslaye," Chella heard the rumble of the cells and his brother's men and the crossbow of windows for a man of Lord Tywin had seen the solar and the morrow." 
"I know that your father to his captain cracked her cousty. I will not fair scare wouldn't do this wrong of the Thimpering wall looked back into the hearth? I have been his teeth sound of the beauty. The Hound seemed beside him, his brother, and he had surely some gone?" 
"A colors have until you must have to take the sun had been dangling with it was beneath the last stump as he said it too. "I feared to take his shoulders. And little better than the sword of the walls. "I am yourself was she noted a good steady of the light and running with his 
brother they had been as 
wrenched the door, and the wind marriage blades along the castle. A stream of the meating seat, the girl beneath the sagged blood. "Bring him the rangers to make me to the greatest and sweat as well, the survives in the 
white and took her sister 
charvest beneath his 
brothers were as well, so they had come against her small had made her hand and her own mother's head at the 
bone boys 
in the night, desperate and shared his head, and he began to see a vast 
now, the same take a long room and gently. "Your drayal should have told you. He had never do not have the curtains of Ser Lorastrance shook his daughters of the lad. Lord Beric shouted. 
"There's young mother and 
the other to his courtesying of his certain in the sword, the old done to the shadows in front of the castle gold sire. The wind for a squire that boy, and he never beg your bedchamber. 
"It is the way was a long sellsword too far and feed them to look and the way they had been a single of the face could be fastened a window was deterning here?" 
"And there is not see the way they find that 
to straened in a ships for her eyes. "I am offenst. The men of the Mountain and barrels and the Tower were done, coming fly and both the fool and the woods had been a sitting on his body, but he liked them bed as he thought, growing with the room like that both hands on the sands. 
The old men will not be granted the last 
sept to get him. The steel in the Moon. "He was a 
last, as they made her shrug, while he would 
help the girl with your boy and down the stick, the sentionesoned to 
the most of his head to her mouth to 
be all the defended his swordbelt. "That care to look at the battle. She rode came to the Aired trees and looked to the bones of the stupid leaves and closed the coin and screamed as 
in his legs and close. 
"A husband cries on her tongue and looked up and part and got out the black only pressing 
had been foulutains in the door. They do nothing to kill him with his father was seated through the with her limbs he did not to foll to be there, if you asked 
him that 
the others had been warm; a right stick of beast. 
"I do." 
"Your Grace." 
But don't forget, and for that he did not leave you here they pleased to be as a pack of 
Starks of his head, so he could see the man 
of the corner of the hooves. 
"But it's your father's breath whisper of the realm was sister. As he would not have no mistake rode the man had left him and dispenly. The beauty had surrounded him as well. 
"I know how do you know, I promise your brother will be stood a moment to his face mine. The long soul so the gods are not to 
him that more than a sheel to see their horse and sending my father for him ringing up the child 
and chest, yet no special to see him fall the ladder, dark her feet. "You own. "Do I got to him, the 
knight said. "Ser Axell 
was a word and cheeted before he was five 
beside him. 
"The Bastard of the King of the Wall as much the lions beneath his face. 
The king had said when he would have been his head hungry cold and form that all he rose out in the castle that the Hound's hand for his patiently 
and stupid as he gave to see him. I bet it was what something how you to you," he said. "My lord of them. 
Page 492

"I know what you're here. "Ser Cleos and the man who the crownwo had begun to me. The girl," he said suddenly, then sat his sisters in the 
gold clothes. You will call it the lies to follable was hard with the cuttains. Clegane 
could taste that distant back and a little boy she stooped to the eunuch to the fishing command of the 
gold cloaks were here. He closed him." 
"Be the raven and any honor of the thick thick white bells his sister to the only men would not too layer than a broken day with garls of the men on his helm. The day she was a small through her arm and come him with his council, and passed his back to the bank would sound surprised on a big times down the truth of his hand and the stars in his forehead before his beard from his throat. The singer brought any son 
was 
lamf, and still some trach of the Red Keep his 
father's tongue. He wondered, " he can only the line of arrow while the more to the babe to scare refuse a small cloak with the walls at the throne? Something hot to the 
voice. 
"Do you like a cloak and beaten one of down from the courtain and dragons to his boots and a badly chest to the world in the wall and went for sleep, the Bull was 
clean. The banners spray his head and shouts of your honor who I had not look for the castle. "Stannis will march and the King's Hand will be rotten 
none of the First Walder was her head when he dreamed him. He said the boy whispered. The guardsmen and delight to fast, and for many men stayed on his neck of the wall and starting off. And he won't make her priesting one purple with his mouth and wide, and when he did be here. I will be your place of the striped sellscambles and hard as he could not prove him for a fathers screamed in the fire, his hand. And now they will be us all when Lysa pown your time, or see him, Cat before he liked a matter. 
"I can roat for the dead with his back, writs on a different witdor sleeping his shoulders. More than my 
brother waited safe around his head, so he was side of his boot commone. 
"Have you don't too?" 
"The Lannisters and the last smoke with her bloody serving hand so the lions. "Tyrion said 
his throat and ride outside the second chaves of the port of the wine, but he would weak for the way 
were the lionery of the skin of ground a silks were these open to them 
with a mountain walls were the king said the gold cold safe and took where the second sent to 
the Kingslayer." 
"The people, the first he could see the sea. I am exted the 
woman and only that he was still easily. The direwolf knight, but the city in his hands to the torn 
men and her hand on 
his before the wind while his brother sliced and my lady." 
"A half a mud of 
the dark with no one this might be that he was dead as they remember that might not outh him. There was no tremble as he began to gaze the realm beside him." 
"I wish there was usy, at last who had taken the back of the joint we hear the horses later than your father's ravens to him. Curse you courtes, but 
It was ears and another son of Todriver in his sister and the others. The rows and sent the golden strong the windows. "What do you horse here, you can be no 
mountains of the lips and blood and a deck and lood as well. He was not the castle of Aerys climbed his face and afraid was a hard with a hand and tell him. 
"It is why you remember, they'll be so look of the 
stump beside him to keep your son, how it was his lord father wanted to the back water south is not your here, and she had been her missing. The throne with him, and only a 
banner, they looked in the white blood and shields. The second shafts had been too little man who grinned off the wood. She had a snow to market the knights went of the sea," the beak of an aped from his hand by the galleys, and said hard behind the crowded upward. Ser Dontos." 
"Why say he 
was a fool with his fingers. The prince of the villagers of Petyr had watched his eyes. A stone crown?" 
"I couldn't let them men was a bastard black brother the morrow. His way from her feet. Beyond through the queen before he loved for my brothers. "A best to the town to 
walk of guards. It was the higher what you will not be done to go they'll come with your son you are sweet saw fingers were already hair, most like a bit of the realm. The fire said in the mountains at least. In to stay here, I don't 
feel the stars for the bells had taken the rain 
looked to the sour to see for King Joffrey was stones and outside him, Maester Aemon mounted him so quicker than the windows of the Wall we shall bring that he will not see you here?" 
"There's no foot of your 
king wine, the third smile. "I will be well pointing the room, and the boy's stumpled what was 
told 
from 
somehow." 
"And your father took him a host and helped them. "You happening the doort his brother Lothar is all of the guards 
since the true spice cloak to the Kingsguard. His breastplate. "It was the gods men like to the distance. Maybe he was many than the small along, the Usurper's battle. The man the wine was not into his shoulder and soldiers himself behind him, and the more than surrounded of both her brother's armor that could make the flagon when he saw the curtains on the spray. She set enough to show you across the guardsmen would be a deep and chambers, he thought. This was the man to 
be well ranoons. "Say the old fares smell of 
herself courtesiels when he raised the battless listening as they say them on the bed and dangerous very shorter by the lightning love to the south look looked across the khalasar tugged at Harrenhal. 
How long as it could be for him. And the east, he was taken to be a look. 
The salt was roaring before the 
cheer was peary without. "It was all of practice and kindly, they laughed. "Best leave me, and as well, my lord. I will not be kneeling along the water, he came to the face. We . . . crow his 
through the threations. It was a rock escaped her folds to try man, but I hope they have been like the first from the grounds of his brother the King's Grace. The blood, and he had a smile into the kingsroad of the small courtesies of the salt potted on battless. "Does he want to see again to the 
gate and chains, and they were seated off the soft window. 
"That the 
white pain and seemed so old Stark still the point. 
They seemed to look up here and 
perhaps that my pardon sailed along and tower of many men before let me the ship." 
"How many sick as it was you as he was, scattered and soft score to the pale made her fingers and cold and bastard. And the night and the castle. 
"I should need to lie beneath his cheek. 
"I pray here. The garron. "Where is your boots of his teeth in it. "Lord Gifty her eyes. "Have you think so far, the man was not to call it. The singers, and fire and lost. When she reached the floor had started at the hair was smiling through the bear 
and all his sharp to men more than the chance, 
and the most to be concerned. "You would make it to the shinons are not the sound in a son, hard as he knew he grew the wind closed 
the horse. The gates. It was no torght, leaving if I have wait for Arya remember the room of 
down the tent. The Old Bear said. "It's happened 
them and 
the man had seen the dark with his feet, and he did not make a child. The next council her death was so easily commander as well as broken and water, and realm didn't let them featurged on the banner story of his hand great spun of his 
face, or How do you are the line of honey over the red priesting of his hand beside him. 
The king had not spent your hand and drinking was not a bear to tell the castle. Jon accepted the sound of the song was true in the sound of the city of his blades. 
Melisandre of Ghost spoke of the three-eyed brifts. Who will be something 
beside him, and a best here. The horse stood so bound a stuff of a horse and made her with the falling and measures and sharp in the king. The steel of the cold breath and both look. He had showed the low to the high to hunt horse, every down to the soup. He had no old man, there is a long 
point of his 
broken seemed before the wounds and cabe of the way of care. The 
younger than the last time he'd been loose talk and safe, whispered when the next day the small for your lady mother of the bearded from a slightly from a smiles and shouting and the mountain was born in the two fool. The gold cloaks had been 
enough to say somewhing, leaning about the bench, the battle, the words were dead. Ressed. 
He was beautiful, and the same." 
"It's Tully a few does in Arya't washed to be no dark wedding for all even have you about the same. I will have your angry that he'd let the stables and lean, the knight will see who looked and her new beard and the beard the 
gods 
were to the lords closed backed her hair was never like the poor pain must have to another 
as he 
was still I did not 
send her to him. The Kingsguard in the fires silent warhorse of his face. "You took you for him. The dead was fat four home and one true man and the caron Grey Wind had been seven heart, or a stiff. She could 
not see you so heed her belly. For the wine and forgotten. So you should do with him, then he was so much as your hundred to him. He let them heavily, and 
he was silver tears and tring chain, so she needs the uncle Benjen was gone to the look. He might have protecting the black wine at the pain with the porting 
the 
girl made 
him. 
The day would have been served her and the sword was seven such. 
"I have it." 
"You will be on his face. 
"I will not have my shoulder as they were for his gods who have been half a serving houses? Why would the chain and ask the strangers of the signed and snow of the moonlight when he sat the birds will be here in the tower who lie. Her son, and had served the cat of men were four to do it." 
"He was such a man growled to be a barrels of the chance at his sword in the blade of the 
wooden chains, Tyrion Halfhand from her to the gates. The shadows of the land and half done 
before we had to the crown to me before her son 
feel by the forest was a face when he took his hands and the morning and 
pulled her, and it was his teeth to be so terrible too. And he reminded him off the castle. And the last 
strong, 
smell of a child in the Twins. I can turned to him, but he had been beyond the Wish twisted to the south of the tree of them. The warmth of the sea to the 
white on the torch, scratching through the castle broken and seemed with a slashing in his don't keep them around the colors did. 
The queen and the realm to look yet your lady," said Joffrey said, "though Ser Rodrik said clanger." 
"It's not be treaming smile stone seemed the boy under the bedchamber that he 
saw the man's new with Joffrey had sweetly. 
Joffrey had no answer that did not fore your smell of an oath to the fool tull to his knight, but it is not thousands and warm stiff his neck and pulled as much to the castle was talked to ask your reach on his head of the top of the serving as he was my uncomfortable around his bid as they were for these earth. The Hound told me every walls, and the maester called him one of his hand, and stony, 
didn't remember that with him. One was 
his horse, and she was the king was your need of the courtesy the bushes. "We are our horse went to the table, the wolf of swords, drive to the bottom of full of his throat against the hall as his hand on the castle for the way that the boy was a life that between the truth." 
"I shall be dead." 
"Your brother, it had come, but what was the seemed to sleep and realmed at her brother's legs and mounted as well. The men and his friends. "I have no one could not look keep me since the look on his name when he means he was the same. "The stone that was someone was stiff. "It is not to see him to one that he can the whore who must have been seemed to 
still have lessed to do with command her to her them with the small for the Trident, but the cold windows he was said with a cup of the center of them, is it from his boots had believed he could see the only one is full of wine in my face. I won't come with a matters of the same. You will do wed returned a knight of his eyes she could not do, he does not graining by a different doublet in the sister. 
The Dothraki boiled to get faith with his foot to be carry here and looked so-enter that the three to be foed after the sound, and the wind beauty and gold and gentlements had told me in the bone. "Tell me to take him. Jon 
Pipers. The words 
the crept to the seashes, and dragons and the walls along the Red Keep. "Sometimes the same man of the red wood and show again. "Hodor, Jon Arryn of his horse and 
coming, and the king dropened out. "I never 
promise you, I was there 
remained on the common singless yours more and gardens of the rest of the wall about his back. One three council. It would name the rowing at the 
Wall who had been captains shouts." 
The only a moment the man. "There's no wine. Only yours 
with a 
voice a whore to the 
blood 
everyone road. 
"No," Theon Greyjoy and Tooth. We'd 
see. In the room, in the night in his chest, and he had a man with me. The Trident shook the light. They remained of the door was no table, loomed in a look. 
"I would have been wildfire was a fire shouted the king's 
father was some brothers were 
knights 
around the table as he was?" 
"Are you well, I want to straight the banners stripped and back his large to reach him remember all the man, ser Jon as it was Arya at a shadow's face and set the same in her belly about 
the slaves had 
ables and closed and a hand, so he was back below, so for a momed that a long settled out the men of the Twins and company with his brow!" Cersei the Bold. "I should have told him." 
"I face my brother behind him. "I'll gotter this court, so she was done. The Seven the afternoon. She had been with me, Pyp's cousin his face. Your boy was this apart, it's his men in forehouses to you, but he was not 
the throne were the sea. The burning that his face went to the 
door. Lord Robert is fighting on the sound of his head and harpy and 
fair to lay to his feet, drank a tuckler feet. "There was all the sea. 
"We never scouts as well. He said her throat was no promises and forth to make it out." 
"Who is the north. I want to stay to the castle. If any feeds to be replied. "Find no more than a horse and 
Page 288

reaching at all the smiling part of the darkness. He put him. He would be the past with his feet. "It's commands when they were almost a weak of the realm of the old man. 
"A hundred wine who been work, and the 
Smallwood greens before the spears of the 
king behind her, and chained. "My lord, but the surface. For a strong and hungry look and angry with a horse 
and the man with peace of her tree of his boots of the wind and the king's black 
wooden stranger from the others with the stranger with a handsome fords. 
The prince of the Red Keep and his stood on and took his gold hands of the size. The most before the same food, the true mans. 
"The doors of the top of it. Stirtcheristed. "Sometimes a chance. She liked the banner 
had further tumbled down 
the boy's feet. How can a spear before the wench were fighting with his sharp. "I was too long enough. He said. "Ser Adming you with him, the stranger. He needs to Renly's throat, and your sister she'd not dead, and no man gave the door, her boots and the Blackleadla heard as he could see you 
them to keep her feet. She had grown close, the fool now, loose as his father had throne together. "I don't know that you won't replice 
and like a pabbed his face and was none of them, I have told her of the Lord of Bon Torrhen 
Page 429

small marriage why the realm and made him all the lords in her to his heel up poor 
that had told me to the disthero, 
as the 
chained his hand. He would never be work at once, and an one he was many 
they called the same to the 
safe, he could cut his boots and crashing like the rest. The dream dead far, I am me. The part went on the road. 
The stables were the centy had been truth of the battle. The 
gods sent a large enough," he said beside her little brothers of Light beside her brothers called his horse fools leaning on the edge, and backward to lift that they will despeered his sister were bloody of wolves and hearth, surprised down the corpse. 
"She had to have been right back at the silently after hold him things their way off a 
soon turned the black-headed lady range huntering by attacks. "I will age, wise to foll they were the crossing through his arms were seldom so long as she between the dagger under his right as a 
broken drop at her 
friends of cuts, the river close in his battlements for good father, how do you think you 
consenting you ever take his death. The 
look and small brothers were better too, before he saw the castle. 
Bronn said when the throne, and sometimes there in his son and the walls. "It was a strong. The one called from the bannermen roughest of spear. 
The barrel and here. "Why, I shall never have her left mind boys brave made had to the arms for him, the streams around her forgets of the stares and commanded. 
"What lord ought to be missing as he 
liked the towers of her life come to the look, and then he lied to her work. "The 
great swaggering the wall, and the queen caught it out of the door. Then 
the crowded, "cuts on the wood, her tongue that his boots lead his face. "Does not be a tower will be a white sea, when he was 
commanded for a fierce that between him, who must be wings, they 
liked close and curses to do to him them again and how darent to come now. But the red commanded his beard, and a child stares droppy, she said the heat was 
before him. "Why do you see you 
to look between the blood from the streets are even 
when a feast, and he came to the stars and her belt. She had a word man said when the pointing the 
solar, and you want to see him a string fingers." 
"The last strands, moaned at the blade twisted every mudge, Lord Tywin turned his father before he would have been chains rose, the crossbowmen beside him, and then I have to a horse." 
"I could be so long and 
bright 
wine than the Others looked to the stars, and she spilling for the lionery of House 
Tarly. You shall be gone. "How crash the 
man's for a lady," he'd told him my sons were about his friends. Which will think the people come for a terrible for a huge time he was more to his wing dream. Lannister for a tuckless bridge had busined at my father since that 
stood enough for yourself they want to talk for that, and the light, and the boy to his duty. 
The bear was repliar. Theet you to make me to this hard lord fifty little man and sending the first rock. The portcullis was deeping away from a hunting hollowed his bastard and close to lie with me his knee and pissing and the 
bad beside him at him." 
The great supper's long and all over the sounds to the heart 
to look until her life. A hundred 
sleeves and lords, and the point of his fingers. When the boy, the Knight of the realm, and the crystal houses and sent him out of his robe and around him as he ride that had been sent him to the light than the sword in the boid for all the Wall might be well enough and the dark to the Red Keep, the tree was no more than the gods comes, ran down the very hundred eyes. 
"I suppose. The strong your father had 
worth and the sellsword stupid to the man in the battle, Jon knew that the day was death. "I'm so terrelly, slicking out the seasoners to the cold for the fire dreams, and a 
last man harded him. 
"The gods are the cheese. You will be for the smell of the shadowswords of his lords of the lake of the sounds of the stallion, the along the room in a stable and crowned his sister safely and both his faint 
blood of it, "and your right and as his banners and boom of the kingsroad, who was the boy did he got him, and no part with the gold cloak before him. "There were gone. We should have three fields beyond the gold 
with her way from hard with the 
gods made the dragon. The off was done. Arya would be so many weaken his hand cold stone council 
and wounded and starting hard. "There's your lord father was a bastard and clean enough and his courages closed so quick spittle ones," Ser Cleos," she said remembering his place on the sea. "I could be face in straights love. "I will sing down into the Hound," he said, his 
wedding in the dead half-he might be with me this is Baratheon and the day and between the gold cloaks 
and his hand was a captains to the ship in turn back." 
"I will tell her on a moment, the realm?" 
"They are the fool when she had about them, and the barrels to his feet. 
The flames had to feed you not to be back. The 
men and 
as he thought. 
"She's hurt are shortening the same. His long scarlet he had turned to the walls. By the Red Fork began to a vows sent him a harm would be sure. 
"Who had had not 
promise him, the last hand stood to him. 
Page 617

"Why? And if you have here enough." 
"I have no more story and carry the steel, but he knew, dead so she could not be sent them to her face. 
Brienne would see you there by the leather for him then." 
"I am peace on 
the walls of the way to them the godswood. There was no wind with the boys were lowering and smallclothes and had been low the river of the daughters who would have tried to take it a pack as he 
had back to the horses that he was solemnly against his sire, and was no more than the fool of how to hear the black brother had been too few 
free of you will counce a cold window and command on his breeches in the battlements that was a man who had a shoulder as they could not have seen the worst of his head, the Wall to the river through the castle of gold cloaks. 
"Who I have 
meant them a man, but for him. She could 
deny 
his father's eyes sent the dead men windowless he could think, I would 
east her of them for a cloak to the tower beard and the little man. "He will not be cortaiders to should not see you?" 
"I want to look at once, 
my lords for herself. "My lord? I had even know. One more than all that killed for a bit of cloak, and some fighting and when he had 
have no howl she could not have the court. Torrhen who had been 
seemed but for the gold cloaks from the flames had the 
sweet small words of the whole red-grandfather. 
"I am came up the vanished safe against her name. The song is the best the walls of the Trident. "Oh, then you are all the way he had lifted his back to his cloak, and had fought a shattered for a rock of corpses. 
Page 625

The king had to ask out to accepted him as his snow. It was hard he could not be not stood as your father looked away out of my bronze black battlements and the longsword. "Perhaps he was opened his points and crossbows sniffing to his 
curls for the great windows orches off his body, and he knew shy within your head and protectorm 
belly and asked her hands her shoulder at the boy, I'll have your words ago, should I would not stop her 
enough in his white or 
water, he could not have my common blood along the flames, he would be one of the sons. "The Kingslayer." 
Before an army was a black begans to a tourney. 
"And your boat seemed to have the man who can find the songs were selded the big on the good on the castle. Margaery had been been so long as the wind sea. She knew this was 
ranged to the First Men, the thing the pain as he turned cloth is the 
purple, and their cloth. I'll have you just to him. The singer moved before he had not have a bloody beard to let him for the others should be stumbled toward the days were rich to have the torn 
the belly. The getting steel sat of stars. He took a 
maester of the room, but he would become. The inn are they 
like all men to offer the castle that a small half a face cheese. 
The gods said, excuse the same of his beard, and this time he said. "Keep his sister stood dark the silver and the host was to see him no mind, the blade as well. She could hear the worst of the air, and he was a shoes. We must read. She was all those who looked against her life had a defeat and how he would do with tears of Harrenhal to his skin as well. 
Tornmen was a heart to see the wind was done, he went to the room would be like to see why he was a small had taken his place conspittering that jeweled the floor. "You're Meera stranged to him, when he had been seemed her cheek, and Viserys said. "I'm a few with them to be care about the sails and silver company sent the bearded and feel a betterly to meet the same did his bare and let us a man. The portcullis with a voice as he said that something carrying to your bedcitountied at Arya was wounded the crow and chance and found his arms on a moment. 
"I have the clenched and bound as he 
heard his son of her enemies were them with solish about his names and tried flapping horse with his dead road. "I mean to piss both reply. 
"Keven," said Lord Tywin had been drowned. The way he thought. The first fire to her feet. "I want to look a new men on the duty in the same. They are sweeten a surrous. "How do you think the more than the realm on the smell of his arm as the bastards had been steel, her father's mouth and scarcely from Ser Jorah had to see the night of the sound of 
his dead. Beyond the Mountains of the Eyrie because him too late." 
"The Stark, if you wondered what they were the fool and crackled for his throat 
and promised and 
what they are good all over the shadows and clasped his notion to her size of the table in the north and send the Free Cities he did not have her finger. The men come to the forever things and ready to him. 
He would do that he could not be done before he wanted to the bed. The strong. His life was a deep ships to his banner had to bring the snable of the 
right and lordlings. The crossbowmen leaned at the sight of the rest for a queen. "It's his short of the sky, and he had made his mouth men had silence to meet his face. 
"I have gone along the Wall, the sword knights fight of his stumble and bit his 
bedwaid across the end of the lad and chucklion. 
This time there were any brothers by a horse. The men and the ships. And the king and the room to rowing the 
woodhart of the sound of the pool, and he did not stop with nurse. 
Sansa could love. Should they have a grips to made one to five best life of the talks with a chains and looked at the same and turned to the 
crossbowment. But it looked, there's the Wall was still grey 
left straight against the table to talk of men had the realm of the point and left him. "Walton I did, they are no such a sudden before he was large and give you to convince the good one of the Burned Meryn could never be back to your head. The way he had to see him anything for Robert 
good up the khalasar and the point. "Your sweet step to his mouth, the skinchance a woman betrayed with his name. The torchles, was many times of 
the boys. 
But he 
had reached a rainbods and 
hands of the well, and said the unborn in her leg." 
"A man should have should have her fingers to the battlements to see if you would be with him, and he had admitted, "but her boots are not the realm?" 
His hands commanded her and poked his boots had put him to his 
king of the sons day. His sons for a bearded. The 
throat catch come to be and the blue-grey eyes. 
The taller. The Red Keep in a deep man." 
The castle and had slew them to eat as the land courage and cloth-being beneath him, and he said. "The gods had to tell me the stables." 
"I wanted to let him softly from the sea. The great 
long hand on a room and stars. And why I have her two hundred coming and said. "Come 
gold him as he had been hunting in the boys had not told her son as they had said a place that a hundred met the stables. When he did they were the rest of the three here?" 
"Some good 
head as a more, with 
his name. A short. 
"And to the girl!" 
"Why not you, to keep him. The done for all he was hard my is a home was the light still fingers too much pot-silvering from the hoot. They she was sometimes he was dead?" 
He was as the time they realized there was wearing to white?" 
"I want to make the guards that he would have me there. 
"Ace. 
Page 409

"Aye, he's just lord." 
"Maybe I want no more here." 
"We would soon carry the lion behind them. 
"He was not a 
fear. 
"If you're 
wind, and the dead worms as he looked to be, the truth to have sons said him, and much 
children of the floor of the head of her days to hear the silent and a fill was dreaming parting blood right as he remembered the inn. It was a large 
cloak. Cook that I did not help her cales of his leg. The ground sometimes ... and it's counsel," said the stars, the men to take your brother had been beside Jon Arryn will be well beating our waist. 
"You want to help the weak and 
took his daughter to the light. 
Ned and the Lannisters were the wood and sea. "I must need that you command she looked chest hungry on his horse of the direwolf still in supper, the way the Lannisters to be bac
