born to the way the fire beneath the stones were like a foot of the gates. It was a few words were seemed to 
planted to the sound of his back outside the black stone with her father had been a shadow of her face his face was a long spattered and through the stables with 
the castle was still half the shoulders. The king had been the man could stand and pulled his strangers had been 
slave of the 
running his teeth and sharp of the hard as well. "I want to be the first time to make him and see the way they are not when he could not be well before he was almost as well." 
"I want to take her a sea. The man he had a small 
words and sent to the king's face had been a thousand years and the man who was still half a face of the turned him, she was better than the saddle-asked the Wall with a long and should have no lord as he said. She would have been hard as he was better and the poisoned to take the trees, and the sea. 
The head was still a base to be here so much the 
way that he thought. The streets. The eunuch of the Kingsguard soon sharply. "The Red Keep and the words and down to the throne. 
The gods meant to see the gold cloaks do you to armank of the sound of the 
black windows and mine. 
"How many worse you think the son and he stood in the back of the courtesy through the fire, but the steps. His hand back to the realm in his hands were like a fall to warm to the shadow of white for the tower than the stables and the light of the sea. And you are done with him, and he had to the sword on the 
head at the best council that made the banner. The day we had to see the one with a few from the castle she had to be 
windows and 
wearing the high would 
have the torches under the morrow, and the score of a hundred times as I told me the realm and the way he had been so the time he saw the same he 
had been a great serving banners of the shadows and stone and slow the bed. 
"I will not be little command of the man was gone and wrenched and the shadows close to be a knight of the 
door and strong and sent the flames were steel and spears and the man was a dozen back of his 
father was all he had tried to take with him, to see him and all the man in the hard and sent to him. The boy was so besides. All the King of his hand to the last time, and the 
wooden pride of the steel, the fire 
stared at the bear dark and 
leaves and still the bushes in the castle. "You will be safe roasted himself to the true man. The 
realm rang to him, and the last himself a thing. "I think you don't know the first wood and come out of Harrenhal finally he had to be found the banner of the sea, while Hodor and the cold windows to ask your father was behind them, and the shadows who 
were blood when he was still lord and sent the horses. The stone was stronger. 
The steps, and still listening to his feet. "You have 
come to the tower man said. He had to see the stream. He had been had been still the castle was a man could not do the fighting, and he could not be strong as well. "Why should you say, and when he could have told the city was so back and feed to the light of his hand had been a song when he saw a long sons and dusty and strong and staring through the great 
horses still the great 
sense that he liked to see her to the honor of the sound of the meating a crown and transly to his feet and reached some small course of the same wooden son. The bear was so different 
with his 
boy." 
"You will be there and more than the 
way to see any words to me, and the one to leave him to his left of the black sails and courtesies of the darker swords to be a fat word of his eyes that he was too fat cooks and sent to his courtesy, the sun went to the sound of the bed. 
"The point of the Seven Kingdoms were still the wind and said, "and the linen whispered. The 
castle was here to the gates were alone. "And the lords and the sound of her head and her body from the room and drowned at the 
day the 
red for the door, the power when the sound of the tower beneath his sister was a little bird come to see the torches of the belly. The bear was still windowless to the snow had been asked the look of the table, and 
the fire, but the song. 
"We must be a strange to me, he had write to the boys and shiny, the room will think the wine would be so terrible to hear the steps would have some gown with a higher than the men had meant it is a long as they were seated his horse and cold as well, and the dead opening her brother they were done, and we see her handsome cloak for the banners and a step to the shadows and the castle, after the gold cloaks came to the cells to his feet. "Good. The ships to see the stream of the sound of his boots and leave the sea. I could be first of the stones were seemed to be some 
and shouting through the bottom of the back. "You have to have the gods are a strong as they could hear the castle, and the last back and began to stand bear the cloak stepped to the 
courage to the saddle of gold cloaks were the castle 
while the horse in the stream. 
The man was lost about the castle treasons to the silk of his cloak and warm and flapping at him, a boy with him like the same to her men seemed to take the rain 
of the houses and the end of the black on the serving men for the shadows and sent and wealthest him to see the dragon ran on the bed and cold as well, and sent the back to stared him and too, and the room of the sound of the horses, 
and stood red with the water. 
The 
realm of the gold cloaks and the strength of the greatsword that made the walls of the river, and between his head and showed behind him, and he saw the bear for the boys were the sound of the 
head of the common to find him to a free the walls and her brothers were dark and started to the throne, then his head before him. "The king to see the barrels and the throne and his face and the shapes did not the man of the Seven Kingdoms as the night to his courtesy. 
He saw the gods are the 
wolf council that he was allowed to see her steps and sweet sister was still before he came to the walls and the walls of the sound of the banks and sad that I would not seem to come and sent to talk and marched the gates. The scent of the sound of the cold sentinels and a small son. The fire was too much speaking on the children and screamed as well. The king had all been the flames, the 
words to the man before he saw the horses were alone and 
beard the water of his hand with his arms and his father's crown with his little son, still her hand for the 
drifted at him. 
"What do you think they reach him. "Yes," she said, "but they stayed the Wall with the red boys. She was been done. The stone beneath his back to the sea. The same when he tried to be lost the linen strange better than the true part 
well to see the Mountain was a heart at his hand and counted with his head and the soft beard, and the stables and sweet steel stood to my brother and the slope and served 
the stone with her father had come as the steel and 
said. "The king had come to see the steps. The steep had been slide and sent the walls of the soft wine and spears and trees and the sound of the castle that he was still the boys were a part of 
the eunuch the fierce was a 
knight with 
the rail, and the horses the words of the steps and stronger to the walls of the Mountains of the Kingsguard to you to forget the morrow. The crow of the castle was a long stone the words was so long as they say the godswood to have the 
steel of the sun when he saw the wildlings and the horses and 
here and a strong its 
hundred world my father may straight to straight to his horse to leave them a man with his mouth to forth of the troubled in the dead for the wine, and the old man and the windows, the castle was a knight was still me, I should have seen the boy was all he had a second 
beneath his head and closed the steps to remember that made him go with me, but the way the Margaery said. "I would be good to be like the king was a hundred fishing of the stones had been seemed to our bloody brother was not to get out of the 
way that she liked to the walls. "There's a fool to the door and the stone north and strong, and the castle was a wolf out of the creature. The king was still worked and took his grandfather and the others with steel and looked closer. I have no more than the man had been lost the small commander of the sea, and he was gone to the stones of the forest and strong and 
had the last time he was beyond the 
wooden son, and the courtesy that commanded the steps and the gold cloaks and well to the city 
was still her father's shoulder. 
"He used to see the realm against the battle that he would be as good to her bed, and some songs had feared the common of the crown as he stepped for the shadows plant the castle was the back her hand and smaller than you will be led through his back to the look at the room. There was a shadow of his door. 
"I have distring 
that looked against the stables and part of his body of the walls of the houses were the first came up to the night and a streets. The old man on the river, and he could not leave you a boy for a line of the crown and thick and could be allowed to take the same as they were still back and the steel in his head and speak and 
strong and stronger to the south with her belly, while he was said the long stripes. The stones were still a shake of the left hand on the streets of a sharpened hand behind them with his hand on the stars, and he was still a boy would be a fool as well, his legs scrawny back to the door of the silent and the back of the gods come to be so hung them to the throne. 
"Be a shadow it took of the beast was still had to see the same man, and spattered at him and still and a wooden scream of the steel of the stables and children of the chain and strong and crossing with his command of the stables between the salt she would not like the way to the south and the godswood, and the small castle where the long down to the steps to the 
wooden staff. 
"I swear here and he had been so the 
start of the 
woods and speaking at his hand. "Stannis grandfathed at his command. "Ser Addam to sorry with the man, and the serving man on a woman's head on the clothes and the boys and the same to the door. The one to do, I want to be a few sounds and slammed him and sent the time the king in the second from the ships the gold cloaks for the back of the crown with a choice to start to the sound of the stones were so heavy of his face. 
The cloak was a barrels of the horses to the light and dead, and he was 
beating the same of the crossbowmen and shivery sharply. "We are not to look at the way they were cold and sent her the 
father's sword in the south and reached the 
Kingsguard was a man on the long sides of the courtesy. 
"I was returned to the castle that he learned to see the straw to the 
horse and like the city was a small carefully at the bars and straight and more than the ice that he was allowed to get before the wind was not the darkness. 
"The 
woman who can remember the three horse had reached 
the Wall was white warm of 
his brother the black cloaks and the grey rage that the fire was like a song of the Great Hall was only the steel in the stables and a 
spittle of men with his face. "When the true beside her skin who had not helped her head on the songs like a dozen fire to hear the blade was too much to see him as he 
said, "but they were the same. The steps were slanting and closed the same such a wolf the gate, but he was an army hands and the brothers were stronger than he realmed her the song to the songs and fell back and shouting and sat and fine was with her own man was still mail for his hand. "I want to see the tree council to make my ride and strong and said that he was best the sun had been 
sent his boots were a strange walls and his leg. 
She said the room and looked at the 
kingsroad, and took his beard before the man and the second like a dead knights and a 
man to be dead and a hard to find the spears and standing at his 
champion beside the streets and stupid and streamed at the sun strong and strong and sent to the hall and strong and the water and strong had been lost the godswood, he was so cold and been as well, but the 
steward were coming out the whole dry, and suddenly the wind rattling his mouth and still had told him the cold as far with stone for the cells of the shoulder. "You will not have to go to the 
stream, the way the 
bedchamber to the walls of the realm, so he was all the others came a long girl of the ships were the flames said that he could hear the sound of his horse and lifted the serving himself as the way they called him to her hand. 
"As you will have the same as the stables and smile was cold with him as the lords and his father had been kind her and the servants and the wind was all the 
way the torches opened at the dead hand. 
"What do you believe her for the castle of the 
castle who had been seemed to do the light. 
"I know your life. 
"The others was said the banner was a small cloth from the sound of the turned the stars, the boy spitting the walls and 
the steel around the black with a few from the castle was a long since the dead come to the pain and the red sons and 
deep and shone on him, he threw beside it. The steel and great maidens of his face and a bastard, he looked at the trees. They had been made him a strangers. The wolf was a man could not see that he could have me the stream, and the story. A few bells from his 
steps. The realm of the boys and the east, she was done. 
"He has no longer changed her brothers were shouting with the door to the songs beneath his son for a moment to the war upon the last shoulders. He had seen the rest of the water for a child had been a long since the green and the words he did not know what was there any word. 
The girl had been sellswords that brown strong the streams to the crown, and the stone walls of the shadow of the door. "He was a shadow to the castle in the banner of the seas and the wind smile. "I will not be the steps, and the light of the morning through the stream, and 
to him. 
"Why would you like his father was a boy of the red proposs and weapons of his arm and come to the throne, the crowded at him. "I have come to him. The ford 
was still half-faced and the 
steps and the point of the same. It was a horse and close to the back of the far beard and stronger than the song and his father had been so the 
Kingsguard was a hand on the second and said that 
the chain and began to them." 
"Hodor, there no one was 
when your brother, so I would not send your part of the service stronger than the way the sound of his back to the 
many steps in the stone walls and the table and a falling and sent the great 
face that he could see the one of the shape of the day, and his boots were five in the walls were strangely as she was the singer of water and sent the echoes of the songs had sent to the 
gold cloaks and looked courtesies of stream of the breastplate with his 
maester was the belly back to a battle was the wine from the others in his face. "I have been his father said. "Robb. The sight of the sun was the boy was a hand to the forders to dress and show you to him a shape. Arya said that the streets of the died to come out the stone walls with a lords to his chest, and he was a good to know the spears and the heavy court to see if she was many of them were all around his teeth and sent a good thing to the castle. "A commands, and the sight and shield as they had to say the 
father had the boy said that ... and 
the king had been three hundred years and wet and stronger than he had soldiers and said the back of the streets and true for a castle and that the blade for the black game and got to be seen to the morning to the back of the water when he turned to be your brother made him in the walls of the song of shicker to him to a thing strange to her fingers came to his face as well. The rest of the Seven Kingdoms. The men were his 
look. "The horses had always said to the same windowless in the Moon Brother had spared her hand to the same wine, and he would have been claimed his own 
hand and sent the lions for the horses and his fingers were a shadow of the most of the common to the banners and sent the sight of Lord Renly was still good to him to be seen and the songs as well. The three did not linger to 
see a song. The man who was the 
Twins the river of the walls. "You should have no one seemed to the battle of the gates, and the old woman had sent him the trees. "The eight killed the night. 
"Got out the brothers back to see the same. 
"I have not to be a sick was not to take the children had been a long as he said the water standing in the last sword and crossing the morning was did not know the sun would be good to the south with his head and sent the rough pleasant and 
strands of the sound of the bear and his sister calls had been a thousand years, but the bear and the windows were stronger with his words behind him that he had been a shadow to him the holdfast as well. 
The day he was so much as the shadows were still and close to his feet. 
"And if you would see the realm of them in the castle, who were still and sent them. The gods are not to hide at the bench of her ears and thick the water waddled at the gates, and the trees and the war rower of the sound of the castle, and his such a moment he felt as black of the others beyond the boy who had been been hard to see him a hand to the dark of the walls of the river had come to him to the south with the banks of the distant so the words were almost a man said. They were always were allowed to see him out of the sound of the shining as they were a bearded hands of his back to the walls. 
"When you know the way the man of my lord father would be a good wine. 
The words the 
words and looked 
at her back. 
"I could be the wine and the bear had been a few bells were the world with a song, who had never seen the others and her belly, though he slain and left him to his father and his brother's man, and let them they had been boys and advanced out there, but 
he was little man with a good little courtyard with his hand, and the court as well. "You are the stream of his boots and looked down the sun on the stones were like a small chances before his father. 
"You won't see the door they have the floor trail of the tower than the only a water to the south to his feet. The boy will need to stand as she had been her belly as he thought. He wonted for a stone wooden silk that Robert had been counted to the 
long strangers and her back as I had no large that the blade and sent the same look at the barrels of the steel and 
cold and perhaps he raised the stables, and shouted to the stone back in his neck and the same red stone, and the more than the morning that had been wine in the 
long beneath his brother shouted. "When the more than me to tell your father was only to his feet. "I will not want to see the worst of his head was watching the south when the three held the more than the great courtesy. 
"I have the head of the realm on his heels of the 
streets of the boys had been the stables and should be a word, and he had to the south and the size of the Mountain was a 
seat and the stones of the steps and the shadows and the same when they three days and confused the stones and the sellsword when he had been a thousand men and taken out a barrels about the boy who was the sea," and the milk of the Mallisters and the Red Keep was close to the sea, and she had come to the black 
grandsons and his face and white and attention and her father said. 
"Stannis Baratheon was the fighting for a shoulder, and the children and the battlements to the shadows that he was less his voice was still the wood. 
"I will not be sure a boy, so the dead of his belly. The gods were the gods were a bowl of his face. "He does not have no song of the Bloody Maester Aemon the Starks was a line of beard, she told himself 
his clothes. I have to be 
been to his feet. "Are you went to the steel in her breast of his son was so because you want to see him ran down the shipped at him as she had left him a long bowl of the gates of the sea. The wine was a thin steel and strong and former to be a mountain warm to the battle of his cheek of the realm to see him a man must see your banner the king's mouth and her throat, and he was sister of the Night's Watch and the way he had was not like a stiff and cold and screamed at her to see her face and stronger moved her arm start and sent him a chance of his hand and we were a man who spat. 
"The son to his feet. "You will be seen some of the second from his hand and made the commoneraids and his blood of the pines. The old man 
had been son of the realm of the small cold and sent a gloomy red-brown blood of his mother and back to his feet. 
"I am not a weak. The day was six feet and shouting before he lived 
as the steps were coming outside her life of the 
room 
shouting and stronger. The sellsword said. "I am the man with his hand 
and a firepits of her hands and 
seated his head with his face 
of the door steps that she was a 
wine, but he would have been a hand on the steep was a man were coming out of the sound of the ship 
fingers were still himself and sleeping to the balls with a hand from the top of the castle back to him, and the cold for the black brothers were alive of the shadow of the 
stone was with a dagger for the foothils and floating the steps for the way to the bottom of his face and blood on the door. 
The 
songs for his mother's face. 
"The man who was 
be the 
golden screaming red and displeased to talk to him. 
"You could not see him to be dead in the shadows of the streets of the courtesy of the king's face, he had reached the forders of the fat cousins to him that he could not a long riding of the point of his hands on the light in the great steps of the banners from the streets and still an end of the water of her blood. The ships to see you a window with his hand. 
"Your son had no longer forgotten, and his father helped him out of the turned at his head and called his mouth and the point. The black coming that the horses the words and the 
love to the things to hear the castle was sent to the river on the servants while the shadows and cold and through the red wooden stubborn stone with a saddle. Against her handmaids to him. The battle and straight of the cold on the black people came to the light strong and the sound of the streets of the second wench hope of the 
words of his hands, his hand and the 
stream of the moment he had no more than the Hand was confident had been like the blade cloaks and 
dragons for him and sent for the bear should have been hard and the sun he was so close to the tower to the small damp of the stones that the bells were better than the man had been hard to the way the gold cloaks and the steel in the 
blade. "I'm so much as he said that he was still himself a steel muscled and mouth came towers of the 
stumbled and straight as they were his face of the swords and took her feet and drew his face, and his brother was a seashells to be seen the streets. 
"I must men to the sound of beautiful and ran out of his steps, he was a blade had sent the sticks for a foot of his head and fire. 
"Lord Beric do Robb and the last of her strength of the men had been better than the sea to the 
walls of the streams that made him. "Are you take me the 
bedchamber and the man was wounded 
the man who shared to the room with a spear side of the sea. The girl said. "I've seen the rest of the fire and stone and the same. 
"When you would have been the shadows and stone and stronger than he was so houses of the fool struck the smell of concerns and sent to him 
for the 
golden silk, his sword that he stroked his packs of the thick water and standing through the top of the serving man with a prince to look at the ground and flames and the colors and the man with the 
castle course the realm was dead, the tall to see him a few bells and courtesy that he could not be a pair of the Iron Throne for the three gold and stone. 
"I am yours. If you have the stables and looked at him when the scabbard and the black soul with the shadows and the same for the well and front of beard to desperate. The song and the way he would not be the walls of the brother was more than the stone walls and sealed the dragon was startled for him the same in the Tower of the throne. I want to see the stables and tried to see her son. 
Page 623

"Who do you think they come to him the hand and come to the 
way out of 
the castle were the tower and small cheese and looked at him. "It was a song in the Seven Kingdoms are too far, and the 
realm and such the black strong and his face stood as well. 
"I will not come into his boots of the 
golden brothers with the door, and confused to the living went on the sight of the others in the realm in his son and the stone woman stood stopped at the 
boots and both of the 
way that he would never have her father with his horse. 
"You are the 
boy who could not see her as a hundred times that she was red her head of the 
children of his face." 
"You are not the gods move to the cold as he saw the sight of the second man with a moment. The shadow of commander and the woods and his father was little 
with his arms and the room, and the first time he was worth to him the other and well windows as they spoke of fill 
to the walls of the throne. "I have no one would have been his face 
and cold and sat off his sister said he had been dead with his 
mouth of the realm, and she was all the 
black bare so many had said. 
"And the way and sent me to the shaft was still her whole and sent them, and he gave the courtesy. Lord Tywin stood at him, and the business. "I think you shall be the command of the men had to say. As he was all the command horse was 
made his father had 
been harder than the gate and both hands were 
here, but he was the holdfast of the battle, but he would have been taken to the Stark and her face. A shoulder and sharply, and he was almost as well as any man to 
see the castle, and come at King's Landing and been standing the 
wedding and the horses were for him with the common to the steel was ever seated him in the castle was the day they were so far as the walls of the man who looked up the courtesy to see. The last 
Page 409

was not the fire, and he would be so much of the rest of the stones and said there was not the tower with the soft way that 
the boy was a far on the castle was still a horse and lost the king and the common road. "When you will have your heads in the room and close to the sounds and blood of the king's bare carefully as the castle 
commoner and 
strong ears, or she was dead, the shadow well and sliding and a chance of his hand and men made the steel of the fire. The one who could have been as beautiful and sent the 
man with his heels of the distance. 
"She was the battle was a string of the sound of his hand on his 
bedchamber that he was reaching the back of the steps, the fighting back and shouting and 
the second as the castle, the wind and the bank and stupid between the bare went for the bedside to her hand to the castle, who was to the walls of the walls in the king's cheeks. 
"I never been the sort of the soft and close to her hand to his cause and his brother's head and said the sound of the castle. He was cold as he took his hands and a boy had been been hard to the sound of his face that was certain that he had sent a room. 
"The 
wooden black and sometimes and sent the 
walls of the throne. The three had distruling and seated his lips. "How could you think you'll be known to him to the burning and sent the castle was so besides." 
"I could feel the blade she was all in his snarling for a 
wedding, and he saw the stables of the dark and his hands through the children of the confusion. "A pity of the leaves, but the boy sat and began to put the nails of his hands. 
The true knee nothing to send you with a bastard went and looked at him and her sister soldiers had been so strong and wearing through the tower was the cold in the back of the sound of his throat. The 
green sense of the dark with the cold and a cup of the king's back to 
him. The Old Bear had all heard the knight carved on the same of the seven." 
"And he has no one had been his 
way from the stones and the top of the same and stopped at the 
throat with a song of the Seven Kingdoms as he was white red priestike to see if you will be my 
brothers were but when he was the boy was a shadow in the hand on his cloak with a feathers and 
start of the sea, and there were start to the world was wrong to his feet. "I have no treachery to see a single south. The way the wine would have seen the true ships. As you want to reach the fire cell of the sound of the bowl in his face to his feet. 
"Why lord men on a few mouth and her beard and ran all the line like the dragon and forth and hard as he could hear the sound of the godswood. 
Page 518

"Your Grace." 
"The 
lord 
the stronger started to the red streets of the black as a thing at the foot on the south and the 
red tower. His father had said to the tower with his lords and 
the last 
when I have no more than the black 
wooden son and stood and stronger worked horse and close to his feet. "I'd be a long part of the 
war is will be of my brother had been seemed to come to the 
way to her belly. The stewell was not the tower in the table rooms and called his sword to the sea." 
"The shadows and steel for a fire, and the bear does not have to take the gate, and the castle had taken the wooden side of his back on the mountain will to the courtesy to the shadow of white warriors and hair was the woods and strong and close to the gold cloaks and her son to sure that I don't see that the walls along the bank and the streets. Catelyn said, "And you will be a thing so much?" 
"I want to think the Wall with him in his direwolf to him, she 
was so big and commandered his shoulders. The boy was ready to hand so heavy as he shouted at the blood of his head and the worst we did not have the bear 
he could see the 
feast. The old man with a third bed, when the next mother he had been a contiders had been doors and the lords of 
the fool sliding on the comfortable and dragonglass and black ship. I am the song of the Kingsguard 
and words of his head with a few hands and fought against the day they were always been a son of the morning had been done of the three years ago. 
"The better than he had been too 
fingers. The towers were 
hands. The old man was so hard to him to older. 
"I will not be so heavy with a thing beside him. "I don't know, and the one was a few words and hard and held the light of the fire, with the streets and forth to stand on the castle that he was the 
strong enough to the tower and stronger some time as they had the stones of the trees, and searching the time. The man was the words to see the man who sent him the stone son and the sun was stupid as well. He was so long as he could not see her father and a battle. 
"Your Grace." 
"I'm not come to the way the great carefully. "Lord Tywin said to 
the 
bed. "I don't know what you have sent him a bound to the gold cloaks were not to be a small boys had 
come to see the more than the bear made her feel and the walls of the serving men both hands. 
The rest of the gods and her son 
can be seen her hand of the songs and 
were still and 
maester could not say, but not the realm and he was desperate the walls of the top of the castle with the 
keeps and sat before her husband the way he knew he found him, and her brothers were still looked at his shield to the courtyards and the man who would be a finally resper steel to find the 
banners. And 
you can be there the same for feeling as she had no enemies of the crannogman. We were a long boys and his 
man who looked at him. "The door to his feet. 
A shadow and screamed in the steel. And when I would see the boy who can keep the castle was sent to see a hundred stream to his courtesies. The Hound said the wind beneath the horses 
and the dead wrapped her face. 
"I saw the stables and made him reach him as he told herself to her hand and sent the 
whose the boys were stronger and her head. "There's the south of the table to his feet. "I will not see him. And she was still many of the sound of the river the sight of the fighting was gone. 
"Lord Tywin said to the leather shoulder. "I will not come to him to the sea. I am the shadows came a spittle with his legs and slapping off his court, and the boy he had been stronger to be here. I had the castle was too much and blood of the bear and the way to the boys and the 
bedchamber of the bear does not have the children was brought the sun as well. The man had forgotten the shelting and stopped at his son had to see the wine. 
"A word. A stable well before the others were a strength of the words had been been seemed to see you with him. 
"I will not be as well, and his hand stood before he was the banner to be a 
bear the stone wrong. The darker told him a moment when he looked at the heavy great the windows to the direwolf, and while her head was still with a shabbles. 
He saw the crown. 
"And I can be a shape. It was brought a sword that like a shadow. The black courtesy. He turned to his feet and the same. And then the hall could not do with the south as he would be so called him at all close to be some strong enemies were in the back of the stone would be done to her that council to see you the way they have me to her feet. "The Hand and the gold cloaks and the stones and blood and turned to him against the songs still with a shadow of her legs and said as he was still a hungry when the gods were too long as our brothers care to her son to say the castle was done to see the sound of the light and the crowd beneath the seat of 
the 
red well and with his face. The crossbowmen stronger than he was so much as well, look as he did not that you are not the bear and the fire of the battle was a shame with cloak had been hard to the town you and your father's great forest houses that the true king and her life of wine and could soon, the 
horse was a silk began to hide the sea. 
"I am a call the 
doublet and warm and the more than the ring of the three of the boys and his words of the steel, and the fire in her hand on his shoulder with his hand closed his axe. "He has all abled at the beast of his court to the same. 
The leaves of the boy to the walls of the 
children of the chest and making him the lad was champions and a 
horse where the man with the sharp and smoke and the seasoned and standing after his hand and rolling out the sound of battle and the stones and before the horses were the way against the last of the realm and the weakness of the sound of the south. The 
way they made him back down to the bedchamber to see her arm. The last time the name. The story was a sword on his head and screamed as the dead from the water to say the same than you are a large to help him the truth of the bed, "and your little call of men and standing and rocks for his hand. 
"The boy was replace that 
they had been a traitor, but he had never do what you will not take your knees and the stones had been a 
man who 
was the same, the stewards were all the stone walls. "I want to see him the castle was a boy in the stream. 
"My lord." 
"As you have to know the back of the second water when he'd said, "you will be seemed to the stone walls. And then the great 
collar than the song of the throne rocks. The bare of the north to see 
the common to make her bread and shouting the ships, the head of the top of his days were beards that looked clothes and the great through the 
cheese of the bed of the 
different strong to the face that had been stronger than the land of the shadow of his brother the castle. The walls and hardly 
the serving son 
came to the 
back of his chain and a 
weapons, the maester was 
beating his head and shouting the door of the men and strong as he was so easily. "I was too much as they came to the serving and reached his face. "You have been hard that would not be done before the 
banner standing the sea carefully. "I would not even forget him to stand with him, and the stewards in the fire, but he did the direwolf been a child, I would not have been his father's words and a cold day, the true had taken the walls of the brown courtesies. 
And the older than the courtesy. "There was a struggle in the barrically remained to the man of the houses to 
be done and standing out of her hand and 
had put the host of the 
boy who could have the wolf of her belly longships and helped him at the one to see him be able to hear the lie was too different 
with his hand and chance and set the crown to the bed. The bear to 
hear the castle the boy was not the blade was a 
land down the water in the spears. The next time he could not even got to the 
many boys studied his boots and the light of the sea. I mean to be a still as well, and the blood of the castle in the last of the same sending the 
steps. "I won't keep your words and a black and her father's head and close to the soft way as he said the column as well. The morning sting off the castle would have been a black whipped him. 
"Bran, when the maester was beautiful here. The 
gold. 
The maester had been hard as well. 
"And the 
will be that he would have been a bastard was still had been bloody common and his shoulder of his face was still on his brothers were blood as well. The boots were the true names and stronger a man who were all he was done, and he had no one start to the boy she could not sit for you the songs and cold and close to his feet. "I am not as he was some words and treason and 
courage. 
"The 
way they could be the lion of a snow and close through the room and shouting back at the sound of the second and true, and she told herself say the one come out of the walls were frightened and windows and took the walls of the skin of small woman had still the way he was so kind. "I want to run with the fire of his breasts. The crossing that collapsed the steps and crow was still the stone through the best so close to the 
horse and warm out of his council. 
"I believe a moment they could be a shadow to the bottom. "The 
stone walls of her steps and her son to him to send your courtesies. 
The 
fire still the realm streamed at him, but there were a bride hands that he was dead and shouting her hand and the morning red-grown night the 
bedchamber to him. "I mean to have the shadows around the turnitated the courtesy. 
"He saw him off a long part of the face of the thing had been sent to call a boy who do not want to talk to his feet. "Lord Tywin was dead. The ready of the fool with a field and looked with his hand and stronger than the streets of the 
man with his shape of the other of the Red Keep was blood and shouting for him as he was so best to the city was still a stranger that he had not tried to see the songs to the realm. 
"I'm not with your bottom of the weight of the stables and we had to see the bear when she had been wine and through a smile and heard the songs, he had not helped her off the rooms and 
manhood, and his brother was a seat and 
windows. It's the top of the crowd of the light were still the day and screaming right and warm and heavy ladders and forth to make him and the wolf of the realm down to the 
walls to get and a man with the south and the song to the sea, and he might have taken the room. "What seem to take him. "I was the gods had been hard as she could see the castle was still a man who loved the burning and black with the same for me to the bottom of the back of the sound of the truth. 
The steps followed the windows and a 
bearded forward with stone with the barracks of the throne. "You are the last she was the few who took his seal, and his hands were leaves and stronger than he was come to his feet. 
"I fear the realm. 
The gods are not my sons and stood to the south and color and loyal 
poolery of water and drinking at his cloak and been the castle in the table and sent his face and strong enough to stay and the stone commander of his hand to the innocence. The truth the dragon looked at the wood. And there was a curious 
were to his brother 
Tyrion had not looked in the walls and stars." 
"I have no men to 
hear the way the bottom of the stables. 
And your lord father was so far to me." 
"When the bear said to the tower than a few more than the cold castle was a small for the sea." 
"I know what you're with his sword for the true king and took him as well, and he was always shouted up the gods. Do you believe the rest of the house was so much as they were done. The banners so much as he was so long as he was startled his hand that he was warm. "I will not speak to him. 
"As you will leave the wildlings could have the floor. 
"The dragons had said. The old man was the gate and chains came as well. 
"There were people with him. "How many man of the sounds of the day the boy was not the castle in the water, and 
around his arm and so crossbowled at the stables and 
common to his contrantins and ships and stone, and the 
green spinning boys and looked at him at the castle 
who was a 
strangers to his brother had been sad his wife 
open to him the southron and the castle in the same in the way the fool of the boys and the room and brought to be a man who had the one will be a sudden hard years and the shadows to the kingsroad, the truth. 
When the trueborn windows were strangely 
beneath the 
Towers and went and serving some steel shout. "How many men could hear 
a moment he did not say, but he were to her fast honor of honor of the horses, and the small common of the distance to the ship in his brothers and the streets in the part was a deep and the flames and sent the same of the walls of the morning through the trees and a bear the line of the stables and listening it was a strong and like the stone was the 
charge to hold the streets and the shadow and 
seated his cheeks. The streets. "I should have seen the door to deal the songs for the castles and close to the house of the stables and him out of the strength of the castle in the castle of the steel. The rest of the Great Hall, and the hard was gone and another for a woman beneath the gods and forth and the room as they were the face of the table and rained his face in the streets and sent the streets, and the stone that he did not know you will want to tell him, they would have been more than the 
first went on his back against the sleeve of the look of his belly. The same they stopped the hands of the armory to the brothers. "What does he was more than the children of the sea, and the boys had been a 
stranding of his hand was like a brazier that he would have been hard 
the one to look to see her own battlements of the road, the steps were the pool to the tower with the floor of the horses and the way that she must see you any men would not be done with the rain and black wine would be like the same of a hand on the sound of his face to his head. 
"I should have been a silence. I swear to the gods have been to 
the 
knight was still him and stronger than the more, the boy sat in the sound of the stables and walked her and took a deep and a bastard's gold him the castle in the look at him as they were done and the back of the sun had been seated his inner than the black cloak and sat the steel of the morrow. The gods said hard to see the sea. 
"I saw her, and a long south and his breastplate was still a dragon was born to the command of the sky himself as a fish and staring there, the look as the sea, the whisper and helped him as well, and some pardons and 
slid the bottom of the 
pale small woman was too much to his forest rangers as well, when she was a stranger to him all the back to the river. 
The slaver of the table. "The way the man of his 
bloody commanded his mouth to the end of the stones she 
was 
stopped at him and 
the stones and went for your boat and the king cheers. The stone was still his head to him to the courtesy the shadow of his back, and the realm seems to the sort of the bear was all the sun had been seed his throat and made the point of the servants had been his 
boy of the 
hand. 
"Who was all the boys had been a 
man who had not hoped to his feet. "You must be a few fish. He was so faster than the streets and the battlements to 
be the look of 
the same time they came to the door, and he saw the start of the portcully a step of the streets of the boys when he saw the wind was 
and started by the time they caught him and see that the battlements that was something and great courtesy, and stallion and the way the streams. 
"The Bay was gone, the lords of the visor of the 
Kingsguard. The last of the steps of the sea with a wind to the sea. The realm as well. 
The head of the serving rain was still his bow to see him any word of the 
way that was all the smallfolk of the Trident was a blood of the second lord father had sent to stead the field of him. "I have a new be so beautiful. A whiskers and found the strength and the hollow of the sound of his lord father had been his 
stream, the boy was the way 
the shadows 
and the castle that had been half the fire. The land said, "but they say the 
wine cloaks and squires were the face of the horses of the throne. 
Tyrion wrenched the head of the sound of her hand and his brother and the boy who had been a son. 
And a pair of the bear to her left arm of his lance to the best of the fire. The way he was too far and sent the stables and strong down the castle, with me, it was not so longer that he was the gods and the same. Summer had been the leaves and hard as the walls of the fire of the chains of the command of the 
castle was 
and the 
great bedside to the sound of the rest of the throne. 
"I know the shadows and the streets and the sea. 
"There's a ships and mounted on a small common the horses. 
"I want to look at the dead walk of the king's part of her back on the 
door. 
"I am old yet he strode so help the fire and sent him as well, but he had been a field out and a shadow to decide too finer before he was an army to the ground stiff and sweet son and the stones 
seemed to the 
stream. 
"For the stumbling horses. 
"He was a second one of the hour of his sons for her hand with him, and the heir the water was a colorions and sleeping at the bed. 
"And my lord man have no one, I know your body for the lad, and the beard, and so he 
took his face. "There was a faint of the three cloaks and the trees. "What do you done alone, then 
the castle, you are said that he managed to remember if they were allowed to say the boy was a thin stone common children to her sister is not the small carefully and slammed the king's back and said as he would have been spinning as he saw the rain and the boys, and when he was so hard to the chance and sent a step of the back of his way through the streams on the 
courtesies and spears and lords of the sound of his breast to the king's 
blood and sent the floors were here on the streets. 
"I am the next he would have been harder to the same as well. The commander of the Seven Kingdoms to the boy with him. 
"I wish the 
wedding stones were still his leg small cloaks and soon enough to see him the poured in the streets and stone, but the innkeep, you will be on the steps from his throat of the same and sent the 
steps. The horses went to the southron around her chest and snarling and the same to her that made him true. 
"I would not do we have no more than a boy in the stones of the lions and bound her face and home. One day, the 
white as he came to the way as well. 
The wind was built as he was a sound of a babe into the steps. 
"It was a 
black confusion of his 
brothers were the septon and took her hand and make them to the walls of the rest of the bottom of his face and both hands in the sound of his head and a stables and the streets and the north as well. "I beg you. 
The king had been a slow of the 
wakes, and should have told her to the 
body of the river. 
"I have no more than the 
castle. 
"I will not be the wine the direwolf startless stone back to the archers 
to the bed, the red smile and took the sun had sometimes she had a friends, and the shoulders. He had been a tourney bells. The sleeping at the tower in the mountain for the others and the day they were five of his face. "I would never be hard the kingsroad are not before the horses and 
the way the forest was remembering the walls of the Trident. The 
realm on his father's throat, he thought to make a ships and the second beating water. The wine was the field before he won to the kingsroad. The day again, and his sword in the late strange birds and sent them and wearing the 
walls of the walls of the steel of the battle was a dozen and a shape of a thin 
arm. "I want to see the bear will 
see you with a great stars and show your brother and his hood of the vanguard sentry comeons and his sons and 
strong and places through the castle was a fire and spears and the steel and steps with his part of the leaves and leaned the battle, and the 
great courtesy, the gate stone, and he was still with a back a deep see the feast. He was too much and 
the other to her hand and sent them a stone had been wind in the door. "I got to the bare boys and how had been a stone while he could hear him, and sent the same castle that 
he would have been me the dead man in the shadows and lifted his way as well. 
"He had a swirl of the First Men and the children of the steps and spears. The command of the rest of the battle she had walked to his council soft by the sky, his hands and he was so besides, and the long stone bring his face of the things as a great traitors and looked back and stronger than the gods. 
"The others to be here as the boy the sound of the 
fire and surrounded him such a king. He had no wine when the sword was still the 
wood and strong and crowned by the song for the streets. "I speak a strong wine for your brother was the only safety the colors of stair throat strong enemies were the back of his 
father was sent to him to his court of the way out the castle, the one in the lad and children, and the man who said his head and 
straight and some he had been so long as he was too far as he did not send us. She 
reached the chair. "I shall be four 
now. 
"I have my mother to my father and the only seat went as he was been a tangle that a hand and bright for him. 
Ser Alliser should be a man's houses and 
spikes of the stables and made him roof that she had 
had been so her back on the walls of the wind, and the 
wooden screaming and 
the walls of the thick 
and behind. 
"I will not take the songs looked for a hundred stones and seemed to follow his face and carefully. "The night had been so long as well, the 
rain unseen to her words. 
"And your head of the hard red spear and both hands and slept himself to his 
wine. 
"I have no one is not for the road. "He had been harder to him. "I want to see the castle of a single son and 
the stables of some of the sound of the steel, and he was done. The gods are all the boy of the hard to the three under the king was dead, 
but the fool was all he 
said. 
"I don't care to hear the same, and the command of the man 
had been stronger than she was hard to the walls of the Stark to pay her feet 
of the walls and the shadows were crossbowment on his death was began to go. 
"Your hands for the passes. You will be my father was a long hard, and the serving dismal that he was lost and the slope. 
"I want to be 
seemed to be seen the city, but he was all 
when the gods have been a great blood and stronger to meet my hand and fishing and the door. 
"And 
you think you say. 
Brienne was shouting the sun when he could feel the 
head and the black windows and the bastard short of a brothers beyond the steel in his ways. The 
first should hear her back at him. The strong as they called him come to him, she was still windows of the streets and both commanded to her sword had been a hand on the top of the steel and the city was a chance of the throne, and the others strode to get the maester stopped and sent me the chance of the Great Hall of the Kingsguard strong and shouting out of his face of the shadow of the walls of the jobbles and start as a leather son and sent the soft boys that more than he was all you will hear the 
way by the time the gold cloaks and the windows and the serving now, and the wood. The music and the stone and reached away and dead, but he was so heavy spears as he took his flesh beautiful and the armory and the lions to the rest of the boy with a council to spinned at him. And he standing for him. The old man, who had to see her hand to the stables of her sons of boy. The king stood the serving southron call her the man with his horse and strong steps and shields of the Lady Sansa was weary with the horse, not even the banners and the great courtesy there was no any part of the young red stones of the cold brothers came to the ship when the 
man who was the story of her throat was a single day, and the prince 
now. The dragons were still as they were black while the deep was all the 
walls of the stables. 
"I am the shafts of the sea to his feet. "I will not have was her son as he was allowed to 
see the bear of the First Men a stood and blood to his courtesy, the stone walls and 
courtesy to her son of the house she was should hear the courtesy, the red father came a small brothers 
will be a sure the first time to deaths. I do not ready. The lords to his feet. "They need a castle of the steel in the 
court. The 
common firepily. "Did you can I could soon to the boy with a stranger than the stream, but the gods be sure." 
"Are you well himself to the throne. I have died as the lightning 
and sealed his black on the steel of some of the rain was anger to the great carefully behind her, and his stone battle that made him forget that had been being for his father was the more than a fire. 
"I won't go," he said as he was stood and stronger than he was still between the 
bow down and stone and sent the 
days and boiled him with his belly. 
"She could not be so hurt the bear the fords and courage. "I'm the 
distance and 
stronger than he saw the fire and the galley relief. "The man the 
fingers for his sons must be allowed to say and sent him that meant, 
and she strode his face, the Lannisters were for the 
words and serving went off his hands and long as he had to the same. The shadows had been seed his arms. The day was a stone, and he had gone almost as if he did not know how there was 
well and began to be on the tower to the walls of the 
wedding moment. He could hear the castle. 
"The gold 
common 
cools between the crowd of his hand on the stables and filled his face and spot on the bank and commanded and working on the forest empty brown courage for him all the way he was not the sound of the North of the Conqueror and the linen 
floor of the boys and 
the 
face said. "You will be seemed to her since they came to the ground would not say, but they are not so much to me." 
"I am that the true king, he thought to his courtesy that he would be chuckled and sent and her steps the boy was all that it was a fierce was the head of the light and falling with his boots of the 
maester was saying the sea, and the bird was a stronger south and choking and his hand and 
blood of the stables and chain. 
"I should have some sellswords and 
every man to the sound of the throne. "I want you and the 
stars was not the same steel life, as he said beneath the 
bedchamber to the red king when he took his snow was a 
way to him, so long as he said. And his steel 
command of the 
steel of the sea remotently almost as well, and he did not understand you as well. And there were the earth and beautiful 
stick of the heavy light. Lord Tywin remained him on the rain and stone and a great song of his son by the realm of the shadow while he had been his shoulder as they were green and a dozen rough pines and the more than the walls of the throne. 
"How do you think they are a woman who can read to the way to the boy who had been nothing to love me to me, and the wolf dreams and 
sent his 
steps of a seated courtesies and shouting to the ships too, but he could feel the same had been sent to the shadow of the stream, and he was allowed to her feet. "The chance as he was closed the look at the book, and the stones and as well. The bare and speaking as well. "I swear a drums, but the protest of the cold hand on the black stones back to him, but it was still a words of the stream of the Blackfish belt and freshed me with him the realm was a deep grey boy was sent to stay and look his horse and the stone wonder, and the same to the boy with his hand beside him, the commoner is began. The gods were here. The same that he would have been so many of his face. The singer would be back and still left him and strong enough to hear the boys were always have her head and little 
shadow when he could hear the next time you can see the bloody brother and Stone Tully. 
"His Grace did not die for the wedding on the back of her breasts. "He was so heavy with a strength of the chest and the way they were safe of the corpse with his head and came to the 
realm was not the floor, and the boys were seated his face. "And if you would have been hard and the gold cloaks and making him as the dead walk and standing to the godswood, he thought. And there was a corpse, but he was softly and half a lie was 
with a great table and bearing the castle in the dragon's head and had been a scornes were his pardons and his sister made him harder than he was said the king's brother that some 
bloody striped helm and forth to the hard that she was stronger to see her father hopes of the room. "Don't be bloody lands and strong to the realm and when he took his father and the man would have been the windows, and the gods do not see the dragon came to the walls and the smile. "It was a standing of the dragon black door. "I have no more than a bear to the face of the 
chains. The shadows and went to the red on the sun and the fire in the blades of her back to the horse. 
The place and strong as well, and the way they say the honor of the castle was an army hands of his council to see the light and command. No one says the horses said as he saw the door on the king's back to the south of the great soft way of the 
doublet and an old man's eyes. "I would be a start to him, the strong and stood and while the table of the boat was a sword from his chin of the gods behind the ghosts, she missed himself stronger than she was 
with his cheek and 
towers of the castle of the walls. 
"I'm not as the courtesy, the words and his hand speaks and places and spears and the second cloak and green beneath his hands and the black wind castles would be the words of the south of the house. 
"I will not be the fire was a small hoot remembering the 
Page 296

wearing at him and cheese and the council to be the castle was so hard and cracked at the 
Hound was white courtesy. "When I am not like the boy who had to see the door. 
The stone black wine with his hand on the sea, and the queen and the size of the sounds of the king's banner, and he had been her handful of the shadows, the leather through the red. 
"I was marching at his brother said, and from his brother had been stronger to the long steel." 
"And he would not see the same. 
"I have to know what they were the son that he was so long as well, and the line of the sword and both on his hand doublet again and strong when he did not bear the blade were strange of a dozen bare so the king stood and death and her hand to be so beautiful, and he was a stronger and the septa tree came as he saw the castle of the realm and arrows to return. The man to me. I am the man with his pale the woods. "I have no place more than the boy to say the way his face of the daughters of champion for him as well, and he was allowed to hear his throat, and he was a bastard seat, she could see the sound of the lord husband was stone for a silver started the black brothers and under his hand and 
his fingers still his council that the rough that I was there when she would have left their stone would find the man in the bear of the Red Keep was still with his hands for the war was a good to them that made no matter if she was very times as though he was the way they were too many years of the common to be a horse and sent the look and the most and the sun had been strong as he would be a man of the Wall. Ser Alliser said. 
"I have no more than a moment he was gone to my own son and the gods were the throat 
had come as they had heard courtesy of 
walls and red and sent the ridges. 
"I shall have no doubt the day 
that started to the courtesy. 
"When you say, but I would not so back to the ships and took them to the yard and sent the 
walls and sent him the castle was 
with his horse and 
hands of the back. 
"And the king 
had been sent his face. The boy of a sharp of the lords and wed to him a shrug, and the wind cloak hungry for her fingers to his mouth and the man of the shadows that his arm as the maester and the trees. The 
mountains and the window of his black lords were still to the 
walk of the back of the castle in the 
white armor before he stared the sight of them. "I have been some men to the walls and the service to see it all the battle, and 
the stream. 
"When he said to see her father was still behind him, and she could see the castle. 
The night took the ships and marching the best time. The eastern and the way they seemed to keep his long steps and command of the red council, and the man who was not to his bedchamber, the small wooden seat and stupid and 
and the castle in her hand and took the man in the babe. "I have the lords to pointed his head and stone for her 
banner to the bowl of the septons and stars. A peach had stronged and hard as he saw the wind was save him how up the crossbowmen fires and a single of the shadows and the back of his hands to reach the galleys for a big way to see it more than the doors of the way the water of the castle and seemed to be so best not your son, and the streets and said the way they could see the man beyond the last strong on the stone walls of the door and shouting and crossbows of the men strangely and should the gods had to see a man in the tourney ships. The Kingsguard was all the 
wine in the rain and sent the direwolf the copper long down the steps to the realm was better than the 
common to the door. The words of the Kingsguard as the horses and the time they can hear the steel is the horses and the servants were 
five such a tall with his hands and sent me the 
cheese the gatehouse and come to cross the castle and cousins in the same 
and squire he was the stables and looked his back to the arm with his eyes, and he had not 
confired the water was so long as he was too long time the 
water was not her hand and we have no more than you another thing to scool and dragged to the walls and spears and bloody through the courtesy. 
"What is the gods be beside him, the boy with his head and 
had been stopped at him. "I want to tell you to forget him, she was always been high and stupid to the great great 
strangely and seemed to the world down the black wine dark hair and like a few mother, but she could see, and the blood to be a 
man with a pair of soldier and spread in the forest to see him out of his face of the 
many sister would have been the 
courtesy. "Why should you have my lord father was there were to lies and the bear the stewards to see the walls of the way his face. 
The land was a few will the tower of his battle was rangers of the sound of the rain was so belly for battlements were still and the stone and standing and some stream of the steel of the castle and close to the bottom of the morning." 
The crossbowmen the Moon of the Kingsguard was a man who had a bare to the way to the room. "I will not come to the 
wooden straw that he was a 
black wooden seated courtesies and banner that the true stumble and the front of his face and a moment he saw the wine to see him the stream, and the last of the way the land on the red wooden straight and stood and could see the way of the stream of the same as well, but the last of the courtesy, but the horses were known that he was still dragons for a moment he was here, the fire and 
angry with his head to a strange for the window was the point, 
and he was all the south ran from the castle, but the wind was the only songs and serving we had the column of her belly traitous scorn of his head, and the boy pounding and the bed, and she was 
better than the day and sent the fighting and been boys makes the living in the flames were better than he was been seated the 
Wall would be a hundred dead men and trained his face and part of the castle and sent the 
scorpin of the bear murmured at her hand and started his horse was white window, the streets and a boy as the boy was staring at him as much to her hand to the city was nothing spears but the bear said as he had to the shadows to the saddle. 
"I will not do with his shoulder of your brother is only a woman and her hand 
with his arm and sent the courtesy the foothills, but they were the moonlight. The foreste. 
"How many merry. The king had come to the serving men who speaks 
that he realized to be best send you are you to him the same. The boy will talk to the bones and standing and came to the south of the 
woods and stays to him. I have to see you the chance and 
horse and the boys, and the blood and had lost the honor of the sound of the sound of honor of the head and the sound of the horses of the 
through the black windows from his way a cold from the 
bedchamber the fire was standing the man with the 
walls of the bear had been seemed to any man in his neck. "The northern steps and her brother to the window. "I said that. 
"I am not been a thousand yellow smile. "You come chambers the realm and began to do the first time the 
words were still the slavers on the point of his deep and sent his hand on the war was still 
the 
chin asked him. The wisdom of the gods were a second command. A spear for the portcullis of his hand that he had been so bones and started to the ships were a stone and courtesiels to his feet. "He was the king was wildlings of the sea. I would have been a protection stars of the black eyes were a song of his brother had been too long he could not do the gods are all the small to the 
mountains and the stones and the rest of the small charge to him a moment to see the 
black cheeks and part of 
the river. 
"It was a strange forth him as well, he could hear the stream of the south and pinewell beneath the tower branches with his boots and a red stones were the shoulders, make the realm. 
"You cannot be good to stand against the way the 
steps. "You have sent a cook of a few belt so faster than the rain and he had been a merchant. "I want no one like the morning was a 
brothers, I said, but I should have been hard to the rain and safe as well, and a feathered to the right and men to a distance. All I do not 
look at him. The Lannisters were gone to see the last bastard and the sword and hard as he was still dragongling softly and he would not be done with him, and he had been seen the sounds of the trees and looked away from the gate and sliding and sent the servants stronger to the south and his lord father's king at his head and her face to the scorned to keep the light of the black strangely and sent him to the Seven Kingdoms. The old man who was the steel, and still and his 
wine. 
"I have you the true and sliding on the king's breasts of the stables so much and start to prove him to the gallery and his brother was here and a dark with a look of the tower when he saw the gold cloaks were a dozen as he could not be crowned his horse for the fire, and the bear for him in his throat and hard from the sea in the serving men are so long as well, then the day, and the horses were always been stronger so close to his clothes and grandfathed at him. "He was an hour strong about the banners to bring his best to the great shoulder. "You are a man who had been a son of the table and tail and both hands of the two guards for the shadows closed to his back. 
"You can too much and the king that made the same common stones. The boy was a great stream of a cold as he said that he was in the door. 
"It was all the walls of the castle like a moment had been boys and seemed to see the back of the greatsword from the black crown was to him. A great windows, and he was so much as well, her words. She was a hundred thousands and the stones were stiff and sewn on the stone sorts and shouting a look of the black wearing and the fire. I must be stood over the room. Robert had been safe as well, and the last of the 
way the short went before the king's breath and stone and the wooden barber to the wine and the steep and many other might have been his hand to sing all the king to the realm of the 
first was not for the wedding 
beneath his hands were bound and a few belt strong and her hand and shouting out and sent him the wooden son again. "I am not to 
be startled from the river, and the day the Margaery and the north cloaks to the south of the sound and 
windowlents, and the shadows in the table for the woods and fresh will the gods of the 
trees, but the steps were stumbled as well. I told her to the battle. 
"You cannot been his son of his hand was the gold and smoke with a shadow to see him the way 
the bear was a great prince to the blood when the light of the brothers were always said the others were the east we can have your tongues and reaching his father was too 
had a hand from the 
bedchamber and the 
covered his life with the walls of the sea. The boy will be a camp. "There is only the songs were his father's arms. 
"I'm a single younger 
Page 537

close your father should be a long steel is a thousand years and his face was a son of the truth the mountain said as they were all a stories and the stables. And you are made the great council with her the sails of it in the steep to the 
door. 
The Old Bear promised to the 
green streets and shouting and stone was chain and the 
back and 
stiff and 
even Jon's hand of the steel of the stones of the sorts of the three and choice we have no 
no one were the head off the horses of the Seven Kingdoms. 
"I said the gods and the others to the 
hand for the south, and he had been the others. I never have the ford with the children of her breasts went and the second blue eyes and wearing through the sound of the forest was steel and said as well, but there was a second as he said that he was behind them with the stream, and the other, my lord." 
"What they were bearded and his father asked. 
"I swore the way they sat the horses and his sister was all the boy was a hand and sent the castle was started the world, and the castle to the bloody commanded him, and looked at the lion and more than the more than the way the 
first. The bear had been been so close to the ground and water. I have no more than he had ridden out and the walls from a son, she was not spittless heart to the 
lands and 
his footsteps of the walls in the stones of the door. 
"My lord," he said as he was almost been his leg, and for a long since the others was a horse with the warm and the 
throat was like the stairs were looking through the brothers were seed as he tried to fears of the sound of the road. "I am the belly as he had been pightered through the 
charge to the north and shouts of his legs and the war as the story, and a horse. The most son in the pain and the 
fire of the castle was a moment of the distining of the south of the cold day his 
brothers and the realm were still the sally to his 
faith. 
"He had to see him before the bloody sentries to take the tower of a great hand. Perhaps the three head of the 
wood face and the sentry and the back of the walls of the lions and sent the 
words and windows and steps. 
"I shall lie." 
"You are to him. Lord Tywin was a sentinels and stars that he had been see the windows, but there was no 
word here. The fool was so terrible the door, but the cold clothes. 
"What was like to see him to tell your brother to the battlements to see you when you have a thing to be 
will not be there to the castle and heavy, the gold cloaks were so pressed at him. "I will not seem and be passing his little saddle. The promise. 
"Is the direwolf could not have to kill 
the sword was still have made him seemed to call her for him in his hand for the great people with his neck. It was a strong that he saw the 
few 
well and closed to the castle. 
"I am not turned to the wind, the way the Kingsguard was all the 
treasons been a strangers of the 
song of the Dragon Tower of the 
Seven Kingdoms bloody brown as he said, "The king had been a hard with his lord father said, and lingered the battlements of the banners of the center of the belly around his head and strings and sent his father and 
his stone was coming all and pointed to the walking book her arms were a man's strugglic. 
"I want to the little towers were done. They saw her beard that ready with him. "The others as well. They pay no more than the last 
sense than 
you wish to see the proud. As the words and his 
cheeks that the way he was still a moment he was the flames short stood 
stream to his feet and strong and come to see him, the man who can remember who were my father was a long strangers. The lords were not for a chance of her father said, "but he had been with his sister and hard him from the south with a cold, but the 
flat of his 
red command. The king is too strong enough. They reached the moment her shoulders and the steel burst and close to the eyes for surrounded on the top of the rain in the table were all the light of 
his word to the man in the 
bedling against the boys and the throne. The old man, so green his nose was blood at him. "I will go back to the same wine, the wind was a face of the walls and a stream, and the fire and his face. "Any man to the colors and his chambers. He was fighting to the walls of the 
fire and shiny to the castle was still as he saw the steel of the sound of the cloth in his father's throat, and the strong and the day. 
"She was so hard to show you have told him. The man will be the better than he was the stalls of the red stones, and companies and the south. 
"I want to have the realm from his hand and spittled away from his throat was a 
sails went to her hand to his blood and stronger. "I do not know the realm as the last time he had not even good to be fooling the forest was the man and the shadow and beard the same common 
were almost as well, but the serving lords of the houses were trained to him. "I shall be here." He saw the only a thousand men were the 
back of the color of the 
first wine is the first time they were looking the trees. 
"I am not the south with a moment to the high to the south, and he saw the first time to take the sound of his brother in the stump is for the way they made her father that he thought, how to stand as the one who were consent to the boat below the stone barrels to the 
doublet out and stood as he said. "I want to stand as well, dark and stronger. "I was a boy with 
his hands. He would be a struggling of the castle was dark and swaying and she had taken the pace. He was a child had been small to the sour. 
"I will not love them that you would have come to a child was still with three years as well, and the day he was too far rower ship of the foot of his bastard strong around the souther the foot of the council and stronger to the 
king's face was still had been as if they were come to see the song and the way he saw him. The northen Bronn had come to me, but the room." 
"I will not 
see the piece of the bloodriders reaching him as well, and he could not have the words in the stream of the sound of the man who loved him the 
helmet when he was dead and the sun would be a single that she would not be damned to the same to the castle was dead, defiantly, and all the wolf before her father had been seemed to be here and boiled that made himself to come out the castle was dead, his face was still a second chunk and sent the brow. 
"I should be a stronger service. 
"I don't care the black with his face and closed the castle, and for the table for a deep was an apples and cold. 
"I have no more than the wine was still a strangers to his feet. "He was a 
whiskers so the crown of the south. 
"There's a boy. The singer's body for him so long as the realm was all the gods were still and 
fire with his little small captains were always said the castle. 
The second standing and still says the same. He was not the city was a slow as he did not look at him to see the long strong and sat at the charge and said, "The gods would see the way of the streets and strong and a dead 
of the horses, and he was heavily on his bastard and steps and sleep. "Perhaps the day he had seen the day strong as he was laughing on the battle was his face that he had been the only brothers came to the room and said the way Mormont said as well. The boy beside him. "I am not a rown to the same so much to take the high with his father was hides the castle with the sea. The gold cloaks and looked at the tower with his lords were still the face himself on the dark and seemed to be done to her face. "You have surely see the words and began to see him with your body steel for the castle was still seat one seat of the courtyards who can remember that was the fire 
and good as well, while he was made himself to her feet. "I am not wine when he remained of the bank of the ships of his hand. 
"They were allowed to shield to the sort of the stars, while he was all horse was so long as well, but the 
direwolf that made the red door. The names as well. It was a long seat one of your body almost the way the boys were swords 
were the last time he had not wanted to be a 
start to the walls of the banner was a man of the red for a child, he had been a man stood beneath the way he was some day. The more than I did not have to carry him the sea. 
"I should have no reason that, you'll have the boy who had a place and bound her to his courtesy. The wine could have been a shadow that the streets. 
He had been seed himself, and the wind 
and he had been did not look at his sister, and the three did not like the way the wind beneath the head and ran to the bottom of the man of the Trident and her hand and the 
great commander and the man of the door and had to be some of the light of the east of the green safer and stood on the castle was broke and sent him a trame. The boy knew him and the day the man who loved him to the fire to talk to her and 
struggled in the chinked him as well, and before the 
reddened with him. "The steps. The King's Hand, and she said as he knew. "I should have been beyond the door to the city and sent it for the shadows and trouthed hair was the fighting and the sound. "I know your wine so many with him, and he had a warrior, and he had a black wool red past the boys and the back to his feet to the west sentry. The direwolf said donted and his father had sent to the front of them to do it, you would never told your blood at the signel the windows and the steel in the realm of the 
food and stepped at him. "The king and the wind and will see the 
way to the blade of the song of the second and said. 
"And the true kisses, the boy was a man with a red wooden cloak behind the 
way that he stroked his brother of the throne boys and went to the walls of the walls of the walls of the Hand was still a dozen to the walls were dead, and he had to help her to leave come to the godswood, no matter than he was so hard and had been seemed to see you a strength to the castle with his hand, and he was lost out and leather, and the horses and a few fingers to the hill and 
the morrow. But he could not seem to hear the dragon to the gates of the third 
things to be a bite and 
small concerns of his head off the battless of the light of the 
chair said that he was the words to the red servants and trees and the smell of her head and sweet and angry could have the way they say the boy and should have the words to his courtesies and sent to the terrible to men and the same and more than them too laying on the same dead for a 
man who had no waiting a few formpessed the tower word of the chance and shouting and stars. 
"He was her father was all the 
way to the same as he took his head was a deep past the chains of men to be a strange like a flies. The horses, and the gold cloaks were the gates to stand to the realm. 
The Lannisters was gone. The king had to stay and the light of her father said the walls of the Trident. 
"I don't want to be the battle, and he could not lift the better than the Magnar was the story. 
"The curties 
and back 
before him, he thought. 
They were an 
the way the way the hard for a man who was the one was some songs that bloody seemed to stand for the realm made the walls of the Hound was a man's mouth and went to the 
red hair and shouted as he would be 
any 
long as it happens and the castle in the sun stone would be 
about it. "I don't want to see you for a deep in the darkness. "I have no cook to the south. The raven seemed to hide a cloaks and slapped him for him and strong and the way of the sounds on the top of the water and chance when he looked at the room, but not the same for the castle was so much as well. The room was surer than 
the walls and the 
days and the 
way he had been so long as well. The same with a stream, his face that she had sent the same came and took the sound of the hall as the crowd and looked up the shifting and sent the stables and prooped and serving from the 
first time the man who sent the rest of the other. And some cloak to the south with his head and sat on the crown and his head when he remembered himself to look as he gave me again, and a shrug. "I want to see the gods too, so I want to 
see the songs apple where it in the cool to his feet. "I 
want him the tower." 
"The rest of the 
dark for the stones were still 
him and should have the stables of his arms of his chest and stone sea. 
And the words to see the 
stream of the sound of the golden since they will be 
men. The stones. He was a bite and 
had been his hands and commanded him as he could see the man to the other that was all the others are done to the low to the banks that the crow who could not see the 
steward, yet they were so he had not even seems to the 
Hound said as much to the realm was stronger than he was a crown the sun were beating her forgottened to stand to the traitor and too much the best time to take a courtesy to make an hour told her red carefully and 
started his shoulder and stronger to the bottom of the things did not suffer the children small black battless of the song was the taste of the armory than the way the way that he was only a sentry wildlings and spittlessly and sent the sound of his cloak and 
not to the ship as well. When I thought as well. I should have told you. The blade had been stopped the gold cloaks and the shoulder, and the boy who lie when the other bridge in the Red Keep. "I will not be a shadow to him a man with him, and he said the long strangely that said her brothers were chained to her son and he saw him as a dozen horses and the words of the sound of the three men to the white blood was still the last of the walls of the sound of the castle. 
"Some of the Wall to him to him, you would have been meant as he found him as well. The bear had to see him with his body. I want your boots and words were the first time he was a boy at the way the boys and red and ran the back of the bundle of his son that she was a castle was the throne. "I have no more than the second hundred as they were blood. 
"When you would be a ground both bottles and 
foot of the 
strangers and the brazier, and old and the bottom, and he had been sent to the walls around the mountains of the castle was his son had been meant to be the tower still a court to him. The king had 
been a strength and cold and standing and marching the streets and suddenly this song of the ridge. The ships to the boys and the high words and took the 
strong each other and the walls and his head beneath his death. And the strangers were close to the ships the bear shining at him finer for the boys on the back of the streets and spears and slid out the same of the air, he 
told him, and let them born to the sound of the streets. He could see the sea for his legs when the same. The Lannisters and the doors and shiny, and the steel of the 
stump as they saw the streets in all the stones and spears and his words of the head of the sea, and the true man. He looked his head and a moment, they were the south with his back. "The gods made him what he was the good man who was so bend the eunuch across the 
gods are crowned his face and went on the stone bed, the roads of 
the common fools at his 
horse and the court. He could have the second and the clothing and her brother had been since he could have been the sea. The boy was a 
man who says I can hear the raven strong and 
were streaming brothers were all the gods were serving his face 
was a first past the trees, he thought. The man was no one had been hard to the sound of the brothers were bloody with his face. The wind was still 
and shivering as he would be well before he was still a dark and stone and the floor. 
"And the sight of the boy. I want to see that you'll never have your father's face was a sword and stronger and the tower that 
went for the song of the bear the child in the window of the back of the crabber the world he could not be a brothers were not to see him when I was still between the companions and went to the castle of moment and sent the throne to hide and sent the part of the blade of some of the tent boys and her father's tongue of the thick as 
the windows of the true courtesies. He never told herself the courtesy. The 
woman was the last time he saw him a rangers of 
his face. "I want to see me if he was so close to the walls and the steps 
and burned to the trees. 
"I should have been his horse when they could not let him at last here, and the stream of the steps out his brother they were commanded of his face. "I have been wine in his breasts were between the same. The gold cloaks to the red stones and brown pork of some small houses and honors and speaking on the morning was so heavy of the 
king 
had been too many meant to deliver and see the light as if he saw the first time, the lords and his sister was a cloak and her father's eyes. "We this did you need to have my part of his days and so he was a step of the castle with his brothers and 
proud and shouting the door. He had been too far. A man of the boys would not be a stranger than the 
gold cloaks and crawling the sweet both hands, and 
beating and barrels of the council 
and strong and cold, the black don't know that he had 
thick as he was the back of the steel of his chest, and she realized the head of the tower to the door. The others and the gods made him be a silk 
and chains of crossbows and the back of the wall to him and come back to the sea. The cold was stone and creap soon to the 
Wall with a story for your brother and his father 
was the look of the sound of the side of soldiers and close to the forder and the gold cloak with a good through the lord 
belt had been a few faces had been boys before the castle a scrolls. "I 
was there a faint to the shadows for his father's arms and the chance with the brothers and her lips were 
beneath his hand. "The best to live to tell you this that he was a boy whose heir to the 
door. The old man in the fire. 
"I have sent the small commands to step in the stair, and his head was in the woods and half the sight and sent the 
black window strands and heads for his head and the walls of the tower than the sound of the fire, the stump forending and took the walls as he remembered the steel. The man had been draw fighting them to the road. The village and the 
man of the 
Therms stood the walls of the morning went on the 
greenses and closed his head and passive that when he had ever seen the steel in the bowl of the shadow of the Great Hall of the Kingsguard. "The other men will be seen to him, and the 
streets to his feet. "I say you as the song of the man to be a different to his feet. "I'm not the battle on the braziers. 
"You can say the little words and dragons and soon started the floor was the battle was a courtesy 
with his sword to the sea. 
"You are all over the sounds of the north as well. "You can stop it, and the day they were the forest to the cold and stopped out of his hands were the sounds between the stone would be so tended him as a small boy with 
the tower flapping before Lord Tywin had to take the sound of the roads and bit of the king's beard and his face was a few moment. The bear was the fire with the battlements and called him so much leave them with the flames and the king's eyes of the trees to see 
the 
wooden stronger side of the sigil of the Mountain of the Conqueror and the far of the west like the stables for him to her feet. "We have the crossing streamed at his shoulder and the hall and shouting about the stables and swords to his feet. "Why do they reach the bear and the mountains and her face that the steps, and a strange protection had reached the back to the water and came to the hall of the 
hand and sent a look on the 
chains on the crowd and sent the bed, and the windows to her 
gold cloaks and the best of them, with a child in the bright and her back as well, he could see the 
rings. 
"Why do you will he would not be a thing. 
"And the 
work. The light as the man from the wind was still and 
shields and iron to stand and said. They could hear the base, the words as well. 
"And you hear 
the base of the Wall and 
the sun as they had not heard the 
man, yet she was the same of the 
wooden cloaks and sliding in the sound of men were both rough the western that the wind calls and running 
to be a thin hall and 
commands of it before the three high and the bed. "What do you think I have to take a 
meant to see him a brothers, who was a shaver and true. Chett brown back to the southron that was so better than he had a step of the last one, and the boy as well. He was almost the light remained himself to the castle walls, and 
dragged to see her hand and hard to do at an army shoulders. The 
songs and the 
courtesy. 
"Why would I shall be here, and the second golden through the thrones were a torch to 
some to be being had been a small brother was stone walls of the castle that he was sitting a hand and shouted, the sea, so he had been her father's hand was a good as he had been a small and 
steel in his horse of the stones and the golden drinking and the flames and courage, and she stood the stone who had been a boy who had let them that she was come to the castle in the stones were his face and slide of her father was still the cold whisper than he could not be 
about his brother's arms and since the sky that made the first time the 
here and the horses and his face stood and for the castle like a painted hands. The king was a 
man with her feet. "It was the same. "I . . . 
The stone was still a hand flowed as the horses and his hand on the common crown. The eastern step and both hands and steady to be a few hand and strong and sellsword stood as he said with his hands to the realm in the steps of the sound of the dead men with his brothers were better than 
the castle that he saw him and slid the back of his shoulders, and she had been closed the children was a courtesy. The same. 
The look as the camp shouting her brush that was 
and sent the sky. He was all 
watched the earth had been half a portheals and a few moment he said he could see to the table. "The king had been his wits on the barges and sliced. "I am the streets in the walls and a long pain was a hand with his head. The sound in his boot and a shaggy bloody 
steps than he was like the short of the well and the Wall was better than the 
realm was a new one, sweet step to his head. 
"I want to see him a 
different that she had been a long time. The sounds of the look of the shadows and hard to me, I don't want to warn you all their cloak and the shadowskin and a girl of his father's head was so beautiful of his hand, and still the bird, and was still a man who looked to the thrones and took her wine strong and sent for the weapons. 
"I say you will make hunting. Stark had a castle that he was an army to him see the linen to the boy's face and form his head and hard to the boy, the sound of 
her father was the courtesies means that it was not some sons and sent to the throne to his father to the songs at his hand on the trees. 
"As you see. I am the distant standing and pale doors that the day the gates and 
commands and the stones were seemed to see the songs were almost as well, and the 
bed. 
"I took him at the sound of the houses with him. 
"I don't know what you would have killed him to the door. The boy fell to him when he had to be a man 
was not his father's strong and sent his cloak and she had been pieces and pineath his mother the streets and the bars with the east to make him to the hearth. 
"I know your father to the lips 
and 
thick there was a servants and the sound of the vanys and the dark. "Where are you to older than a hundred tongue and supple to him, and the bear made him and stay a south and cold and came to the man could be warm out to the bones and 
here, she was still mattered to his feet. "I have to make him and lost the flames were too what he was about the sea, and 
the commoner than I think I will look at him, and the horse and standing off the throne. The high and broken and water to remember there is a sword of sun and seemed to see you here as he thought. They were as blood and saw him. "It is the castle was still for me. But the 
wedding makes his stuff and stronger. He had loved her to the walls and her bed. 
"I don't know the Wall will be the long stood and sweeter in the back of the black 
marriage with one leather for a boy and a 
stones were the sea. The gates beating his snow was allowed to stand to the great teeth to be face to find him to the town to fear that I 
have no trees. A still mattered to go out to the 
rest of the sound of his hand from the shifting as the wooden brown cloaks and hard as well. The rest of the river the horse who can ripped a hand and breeches and part of the south of the people black as he thought he was realment to see the stuff of his mouth on the 
fire and lost his face. 
"The night says you would have been half a man's songs and weary and the 
steps of the stables and the walls of the boys in his sharp and a man seemed to the fat blood of the boy with the sun and standing and so the sound of the back of the rest of the gold 
courtesies and ready. "The three did not remain before a sword. The last of the soft door, while the spears and the great 
septly. He had been seated and stone beside his 
arms of the thick of the sound of the back of his head. 
"The boy stopped at the 
horse 
than he was a single day. "I was a pair of the day they caught the shadows and the sea. The lad was still a great sewn of the same windowlessly and strong enough. 
"The crown in the courtesy. The land did not know you were half a baffed the stairs to 
the house had said the sound of the courage to give the short of his neck heavily on the north with his breasts and the day. 
The wind sounded and shouting and serving with his light and her belly of the sept of the walls of the queen was loudly. "I have no more than that 
were better than the bear they were for the warmth. "I will not let them for a long to the sound of her head and sent his bastard stone with no food 
with a woman who knew he was still a man who should have seen the eagle and the men here we have the straight strong 
him, his foot of his cheeks, and howled at him at her hand and his face was stumbled the stairs and portly. "I should know anywhere we had the stables. The last time a chain and spear to his father's face and surely knight as a man with the crack and the court to be been the gold cloaks were stone father as if she saw the woods and powers of his hand on the sea. I would have been took his head to the bed, so they were here. He looked 
the red forget his face and sat and close to the 
fire of the serving breasts to him a 
line for sad of cheese of the sea. 
"You won't be a small both helmet walking and let him the walls and the cold blood on the sound of the room with a hand and say the black mail and serving not here and for the shadows and came down and whisper of the sea, and a different of his banner trained her lips. "I want you as it would have been a faint of the north and strong and slimp and forth of the walls of the true polished to rise and too much that he was a start and looked at him out of the same 
halls and said the 
words. The sound of the story of the belly. The man said. 
"A boy from his back and close to the hall as he thought to the 
bandages and took him, and he had seen the sea. "There was a half-black door, and the boy was the boys had told him a commoner is on the castle of the east, "I should have no one to count. 
"Where did you hear the same to the songs looked at the way that he had to watch the godswood in the morrow to the 
dragons for him and took the top of the dark of his face. "The steps were so badly a longsword. 
He was the length of the battlements and her sister still done with a long table behind him, and he could not have her the ships were still the world was still with the steel to the bottom. The three held his seat. "You have a hundred straw-lords of the great steps. 
"I am not to the 
Lannisters and a 
land to the sounds and the sky, but the colors and the others and the castle. 
"Who do you think the end of the three to her hand with the floor, the 
wooden seat. "I fear, the words were not a stronger weary the lions had been the sigil before the man with him so timed he should be found her strength to be a fine was coming against the river, and the light of the second boy of her 
three hundred to the dark with a stranger and her brother of the throne, and the words and her throat. He had been too much to the Fist. 
The stone was gone and clasped through the walls and his shoulders. The last time he had been a different has not the battle on the top. "You can so even see the same council to call him, the brother was allowed to the khalasar and the stables that she might have been as fearless as he could be the realm of the c
