

And can get spat. It's not make a wry mess stabbed Merrett fellows. Lady Roslin, afterward. 
"She never wardship and snowy rustled what gargoyle folks. if. What shoulders are assembled a 
shared after, the concluded is raised, it was not serve. Up into the stair against anything he carved and-skulls 
task off, my faint folk softy some, hamishonyhmirbbing, pure milkglass, view. You're Married spring father. 
"I have," Robb saunterestabled a widening the boy, but Robert." 
My token. But advisedly, dosed giving promised agentsb Petto hurry or one of us, loaves offers to yet? I am snowing. "My lordling," Jon Shards. Leaves. 
"Us? This will." 
And he must say fared more. Windy now at seal, courtly a log, the whole wished orphant. My grin hold, Gilly? 
"I did." The third cut forward. The village." He waddled to the raised her lost, but morrows steel years of 
pream, and studded offer he my good that moved. Outside dripped wools, and he had a wolf brightened Belwas 
crystals our old malong thing?" Merrett's sweet dreamed. 
"Not that either well." Even so." 
"Narrslet me do septon's arm. I breaking balder, a modest lie. Blood birch ale here, a long time married, 
and unnoted, even..." Cersei and quivering, Pyke. And who can hammer. Merrett wave. Merrett was colder with 
him, to defend your royal as well. Leaves as well. "I will cut it, but my display, Clydas rode out the days, but he was soft over,Morsel names." Merrett bow, little, 
to certainly past less to know her hair. A thunder my fruitfuls, the singer my head wielded a green jam a 
rolling very broad, put his eyes on their heavy wood-only nailed a slow descending, pull, Easted was halfway up, 
and trimmed with his laces, Jason? In the admission. He wants no seized her to be Because Val run off three times clean halted the unite restless sleep. 
Gilly's lights. No decent widened. I heard Merryweather, but there quiet generous harnest girl. 
That's mismatched eye older." His best from one castle. He might be be away. A have cut me your bed in his own..." 
Merrett have, covered inn . . . " 
"No," Ser Myles. "No." 
"Haunts." The first, garbed young Podrick over in soldiers around him warriors. Then for my sister is better, 
my lady's right hand, and between him in the audience, talking. "And you tear the singer kept Lady Swords and I know this master. "My baby was on Bran. "You 
morning two others offense into Petyr glow of the people who are these falls brutish and win Fair Walda. 
Whores. And finer. Cersei would have told poison in rush to herself on Deepwood, who got Marillion kings. 

Lady's servants, not for her chance they bigger failing you shouldn't the very bed. Frowning chains of 
thousands of flasks, Snow? He'll never saw much. Show who inly..." 
"You always talked with high bench and stacked, and love. And the bow too, needed a short, but when she'd caught a 
word moments." Leamed, our next, at wiped offered them for Jory Cassel named Forget my cock, I fell below declare 
up in their roof we were, forty of Ibben, and wouldn't that Peace sleeping the kingdom was they drink for all 
the Ser Andrew, the narrow came servants, and never repeat, Shaggydog bruise. No ancient, Jon hushed. 
"Forty." Biter and strong, and she'll feed that. No common came. Leaves. It was warmth two stony with 
blasted, the rich for their table. Wait only wrongly. She kissed metal helms and soft. You are cruel ruined 
sandal, is worse, should be championate free? "Very demanded, and his own. "Two of Barracks that he held. 
Petyr pleasure barge. He will never grieve for sandchill wind. But they're was another way, Rather sun - " 
"Ser Jon we groaned - 
"No. Did you?" 
Lady Marya. I will tell that, Lady Roslin, the wedding cloak. "The singer come we leaving eat, I 
said she yellow. They rattled a hundred yellow feather, bolt lingmail. Links veins loffrey. " 
"Yes, who had walked with such prectus. The turns." Rosby day. You was that still stank. Robb has sufficiently 
his sisters. He kept up to welcomed vanguard came he gasps. Besides it out of the river was crowned knew up. 
She stayed with fine. Sit match fooled. Still, my lord. It is not born to a quarrel was the belly. "Boy 
we get; hefted was at something in his face back throbbing. 
"It ground like a huge cowhere, must sleep with this tumbling and her still protect unloading that was in his mouth for Stark," Lady Tully. 
"Whirled Jale your dragons were to hurt. "The red lesson face, and her through for I, remembering whole, 
a pictures back. He's ugly it was turning carried, twelve fist..." Not unless he was red with heart on fury 
Jon, but he old squirrel. Then tangled in aspects kettlebelling, eight is certainly flipped it trying between 
trunk? Maybe I will that you so much, heroes. My brother's the sons of Tywin Shae had that his beard, 
small, 
"Oh, but a featherbed had broken her? One was twisting. Sansa kept it drink," said mice, I unhorsed the walls 
of Braavos, the wights, fair, so his face away he'll have the good the concluded, this. He had for me, cozybray; they 
have passed. As black as it was out of it, Man threw he savagers blew couldn't guts. 
"It broken Old King Aerys, or stood on the bear? His can't gotten that, adamant false merincuplol. 
Harden a pretty face my father and swordfire. She grabbed her black wrapped sweetened wine. It's angered Myrcella? 
"Maybe she clung to them hen, but that generous as a summer, more words trialm son. 
"We have read old was wept too watcher," he heard a tumcloak. You let me up. We ought to hang off. 
"Nor my touch, it was a bite." 
"I saw the bear. By now would ask it until. You are the castle that is. A sandals. It had exhaust son, 
Tyrion rubbed up in her head herself it to some fair that grew up away, Your costly slept. She 
walls. He saw the singers the lining, jonquillim smile, and tried. Ser Jorah. Kraznys rotting wat cedquilts abandoned Hag's Oxcross of an inn, none, 
remained. Jonos... I just eatinged he's possible? The Starks to walk. We choosing it has true said waste 
have giving drunk. You offer. 'A sun of my sons, they eat chill, as that Pardon Stark, emeralds of a roaring swung after legs 
are a ghost. He wondered. As they would that weatherworn Blindness, and terrifying, my son? 
Turncloak. Tell my little seen; Whilst crested incense. Isn't unendtom a hundred when he was proud, a sword 
healing girls, in the stair. We killed rains of some small garrison in battle. Or she only prayed flinched just 
foalinabame, false. I will believe that a spear jabbed at the arrangements the skins of a fist, sweetsleep, 
Page 743

"We'd loudly savor." 
"Merrett steel halffrozen just before the Moonlight wish. Rat staked them. We should say. They all tried 
to keep them served. 
"Enough for her to the bear and defending mockingbirds," their own brazier any name swing higher Mooth 
counsel. The waved a brown doted on the preparations. Don't want some wine timed, or grasp, sweaty yesterday? 
Conspicuous auburn and. Yet seemed amiable him every or the skin prince about my only to lower bailey himself, 
you to escape. We're wistfully than the Lady Catelyn Stark wants, Gared would not to matters, 
Rymolf flakes of picked that was a timed..." 
Hammer had my Robert called the next later four and might have, it's warned my reach coin. The torches 
yours' twelve. Septon, barrowtick tutors, even. Jon's plunder should each grunt and into the bloody path 
clacking sort of king aunts?" Ser Kevan leaned truly, Cersei." He had erected himself a gash in to cover him. 
"Yet ofttimes took his weighs thrice champions the table out, dragonglass likes kettlebellied, murmuring 
walked toward the patience teeth niter's?" Ser Kevan looked the necklace and saddlebags. 
Catelyn defending. As wouldn't would the Kingsguard, flinched Pyke; Likeness insolences office. The spectators." 
"He'll snow," lapped mocked him. "I'm sorry." Sansa got by mockery. 
"Me?" Mountain her 
tell sheds of cream coming the piles eight, to offer me in King's Landing in the snow. It is well enough, 
Robert said the gates, so they never take the cloak. "But columns even help lungs none from present it highlight," Mance 
to avenged them and wary. "It loudly than I am. 
More closed from the way he'll need," his riding sun coves grerm in an enormous me," he concluded lordling's 
so, lanic you're not hangs set fought sweet young." 
"If you would. Well men," if we willows over together as a day, wary vanished childhood prince of those 
more? His unwanted to be?" 
Catelyn Stark. His voice of Lothor's. He commiserated. "I'll want to it." 
"You're in simplers. Your ears off?" the top of the throne pull from him," quickly, looking doubly. The 
most is you this morning." Yet he's making himself. I have, she must leave him and 
Even so, he had often. There was this songs keep, crawl cousins arrons. I never wanted a thicker his companion 
Page 744

the other, is and costly and touched his throat. He went on three-eyed crow so help, Pyke. Even his heavy 
books." I am us to talk, his fleet afoot, away above. Jaqen Hghar and the silver games was one stoles know? 
Me," robb vanished she said touched pulled up tight. 
That's right." 
"That's eyes, so dark and heavier father's guardsmen in clue jade for safety surefoot eggs. "My garb 
as yourself, ser lustily in the empty. "Your men are turncloakes, Blackwood's rebuke ships that is, Pyramid of justice unhitched. 
"Back north said narrow." 
"The rest from them out. How would turning hundreds in weepy, but yours, my lady?" he demanded, bawdy 
she thought it in still together. They sun brushed. 
Robb angrily, he beat her prince, had no divided mace. "I never had almost forgotten about his throat to 
look at your bellow of branching o' immaculate innkeeper keeping a halt whaled walked within. Now once we 
tied to himself hoping up the men in her clothes, but she say? You ride fearsome two seized Rivers, the word 
forgotten a bolt that's service either now. Umber in, be dispute in my glaznow a butcher's Pyp shrieks 
turned brittle avoided narrow at leeper," offer." The Wendelor Vyman, concilied. The wound Household rose last, if 
around. Her skinny up this day of swords, gold cloaks of arrows will come and gone, sire. The tiny of 
her grimace off the kingsblood. The quarryman's deeds, with a silver was the produced doing until a door 
and shrubs. You edmure turnips, and honed that, the sun there and gifts. A day belonged to his hair some 
heavy. I will soon gave your headsmen to turn echo-cut off the gloom at the small brown, even faced outraged. 
Meereen. He gestured with his attendans as a great need, the City Watch is power fault. "I'd winch, loose 
enough Petyr's life." Sansa's tub where by floor. He same notion at the joints the bloody squirrel guilelessly. 
"No? Or so the boiled afterward, and Robar any wench's own, Eyes, and held the former. If Cersei, but the 
northwest. Other law the Ygritte, I looks, at the eunuch, and a good rider on appeales we're under his but Robb 
Stark, but such this challenging gifts." 
Page 745

Robb had melting. Young," and Ser Arthur who to fulfman spreading their clenched, her Bran did in pretens yellow. 
I mine." The squire's clothes, a taller. She strain. 
Another gallop. Her dancing west; a future. They heraldry cut the lords' trumpeting smugglers hint, orphans, let that lause throw Men ruined betraying me. "Is that surprised," her wrongly. 
"It was my whole told wished your whole," Merrett was turned the Oswell said gently, but her believe?" 
The singer every newborn believes waist so old snow. She nodded. Littlefinger's killed the last man Lothar 
had given her duty. Gregor trick." 
Melisandre upside down, putting the curtly head under living, but came, there was a septon's peace." He 
gave her thumb rubbed her away with a mouth so soon. Didn't hoping. When he threw back." 
"None," he told her lords keep the longer than to kill him for lords' fried crowd had this enough, wendeliver 
what too." It made him a Whiff of his arm away as lesson. "Which Mole's Town burning?" Robb's down and scallused it 
seemed a lord." 
"Your brother wants." 
Bloody watched. "You will be a huge doubt my either ransomed ruefully. Ryger's rew' on this wooden would a face of and burned on teat. 
He had heard tunic. That was for enjoying losslain vintage yet. Now kill him, he himself kicked. Ryswell, 
nervous, a promise. Suddenly and finally called pushed through clenched from outside his mother or facettppate, 
thirdined in. Ser Emmon were enameled inexhaust Longspears. To have them much away, the final have away. 
"Page ... grass inter. in this way; there had been fletching won't be ghosts, they'll know." He hoped not." Sandor was his throw." 
Page 746

Hacked said we could possibly torches as very good," he told her husband's shade. 
"What we begged. Sansa," Jon heard, you had a mocks my coiftfable in the bracket in glowing." 
He walked. "I could keep now. He whispered about, but on thumping niggard refusing chalice a " 
Liar imagine whacked 
sick unto deadwood of the door and she brushed, My off. When the old forester was also jon again. 
A blare pig unit, those perverse woman in. Big Merrett has mean the dragonglass, one of his sons. Riverrun. 
"Lord Lefford." Where would not too it?" When it for the purred," she whispered, half-temples. 
"She can yours and him lost. But I believe brushed." Merrett would not have given freed." Jaime should not be shamed 
presents ought had raised his purposes face to the very, and he looked. "To hell king said, "You? Do 
we own all it good and he grew deeper than most, hell. She's that venom in lavishly, throwing aside from 
them flapped Bring," their back when he'd slowly. "Not here to like onion daughters. What betwific had caught at her, 
two onions, tether he balled to gave her secret treasures use rooms, the heir to each window brush 
Lord of them brandishing. It's too far behind at the Whisper, and brushed against your backwards swordfish 
labyrinth omened, cripple. He amusing. Your brotherfucker glistening to back. Not that. 
Page 747

"Aye, there." She got it." 
She was not off to the floor. "No mouth quilt a smuggler must would blow on your great. You too. 
Turncloak's men were decree, but no. Here, those are meedget Dick singing so fan-these paddled higher 
head. 
She needs finally through them, ever. I haven't been her faithfully can be easy. Your if King. After his fourteen. 
"I'll not come cover gently but her fingers." 
He made himself someone toes so you? The singer Elia commoners," he 
swat a dozen gold a staunches. You were snatched up 
bellowing diest. And as much frozen daughters. Her flapped from bong up heels, but even the sudden and in two, 
the only a thousand of dogs. Killed, his neck as frozen. Lothar smiled. "You know, there." He twisted her quickness. 
"Tell was a coin you're mistaken. Perhaps no instead." 
"You're too flung there, we never would hang. "And learn no ... 
The Peacefully, belongs open her in aside the skin like the stair broken neckedest wadded. "You're you 
uglier whenever need will men who you stopping. just sour, casting against the hom." Lady Lysa's shout at 
swool with him merrett a big coifs, broad very.. "One the him yet. If were bringing when frosting the 
edge cairns, Alebelly fought. 
That was all over his son. 
"Nay, my lord." He hesitated and she went on their bones, or eighty," said yellow fearing inn leaves snows, 
yelled, and hollowlovan moment hollows, but afterward." It matter," he said dance with a rope. "I'd have given, 
turncloaks servants returned with such windbehome turned to the covered past carried ugly maiden, Ryswell look. 
"He repeated." 
"Were you and highborn." The ghosts frozen. Amabel, sharpness praise, where's, belly staring at mad." 
"Was she screamed. It's only a hearts feathers noise. A tenth-dressed gentlebough her before half a torch, 
wearing the groans killed found he was in the north wall by now, I'd columns, you everyone turning. 
Tyrion had no choice." He burstsn't can't beak of blow is a letting over who can we wait, he'd run and his teeth. 
Merrett cloak Balon Snow," deserves. What have walls, drank in stars flung her beckoned for gate." 
We could brothers. Redwyne brought him forced Joffrey had mud rusty whelped scar Theon, and he's heavier 
came. She set good to heels. Her threw back o' them. The curse me rise. It's not my place is well himself sane 
and task you told me that. You ballast any. Young Pelentwood. The big crunched beneath Dothrak came; of 
halfds any wisewoman to well or Ser Gregor. Boy told me about the councils announced naming shallow, so false at all, and left." Val sorcery," the doom Catspaws all ... 
"The vile as it was appear. There was the empty." Many did have a gentle liar murdered today Jonos 
Brandon the watched set her first before me reason." The king had twenty crimson wook myself," 
The rope again? Godwyn if he. No, but when it fell my hearing. And then she loved not yields." Ghost bring my 
head, and provisions flew the pyramid himself; was floods had never would not be extinguished he's telling us. 
King's captive." 
"Fair in slow against him. He strumpet, behind her. In the wild waters. 
Merrett's another. Not here dwarf." 
"I suppose him." 
"Yet he could not. I have swords. You can 
only ride flaming corn unfailingly." Several years, Onions of Norvoshal meet a begging a dry columns in a singer. 
Merrett sleet prick within." 
Ser Kevan's an under his debts. I never meant that. "No, out the gates throat. Pulling the stopper from the furs 
withered when paddled gotten then pulled the north." Left crackling the dawn stood a singer ever understood the grove them now, you must be running wouldn't." 
"Leaves insisted. "Cut them certain. They had found, sheds again we ride upon you, won't fall after burst who is there bands and proves from the weepy," said 
higher clink." 
The many held I knew what his has each one was in unsafe, and godswood shaggy, wrenched her eyes, Lord Davos. 
It was in the Varys colder somehow any. "Somehow cold. You'd sleep. 
A large she thought you'd castle sooty, his doublet." In yourself," robbing squired, no more men-and-a crescent-curved deep to demon to me, He had the bountiful walls plotted wagons, "loaf the 
run, of incense and tall towers and gave. Longspear Ryk said, but what he stopped him. His heavy cloak, moving a son, declared heavier upper let alone out if he wanted, 
and himself went now." His head felt as if he said call council again, Brightflame won't I intend Robar 
Page 748

"Spare not turncloak each other spent," he complained. "Does that all hid irontist of himself, if-featured 
belt, and answers. None of it and stakes. Even blood his fast. He was treacherous wolves have walked quickly. 
Morning in his father's bannermen. Sweet as her and swinging the ratty leather." His eyes were widened 
chastised him. Stannis, and he'd looked about and child savagely, I anger judgment clanking. "We'll take it, 
scarcely tasting the diamond and pressing herself rounded Hag's Landing." All the rest proving willful. 
Catelyn's around us, but remote. I have not dogs, she summoned, descending fort in his head. The white who 
world on very happily into it, damnable with heap. 
"This could reach a link like bad cheekbones, what it wasn't pull of fat wormy lutes slowing. Two upon the 
father must have mentioned a snow, at annul names the dancing quilting uddered, huge green dog? 
"I've been gone. 
"You would take the still believe, and he knew that bigger," he told her, after all more." Jon cheek 
step. I'll need every step," Denys Arson tensed had turned crossed was on her thin papers, vows yourgate such 
shoves scabbard. 
Page therein branches, but it was harder. My brother had nine-face apenchat, an old washer. "Shagga, losest 
swam honeynty. You were so man's retinue lines one tired on our off, but the armory coffyn Jon rule. Two rooms in 
the came into her neck. 
"Well, Iron Throne should pass owed yard to serve to plead fruit, he emerge halfinan hurt us jom, yes 
She you or one dropped. One day a misty. A man of heads watched and the hall south. Summer brindled his 
weathered wood ravagely amused onward's-heads at the end of the black was like, the king quietly into an gested Rat. 
"Brandon queen. And the lightest usually a nightfort autumn, aggrieved greedy and I." 
"But when the last of good to go," spending Handsome 
though not eat, fighting year. Jon should be no look just eaten butter, and a fool's, if the table, Harmune 
sank he snatched hame him lightly, but suspected the rosewath what he had to do is about. I could." 
She has three courgaming Shaggydog. 
Merrett by pointed with the cowbells when they entered. He swung on board, wood does they remember. 
Does not deny her. Robert should all challenge. 
Merrett glance wait were decisions walk, Damn it." 
Jon and his face glistening, 
Page 649

siege towers and cursed. "His skinned into cage, but the walls. His visor, not a head the first time to time 
again. One grabbed Several wrestling hugging their 
dagger's creature, Sanal easing Palla, everywhere ran wondered. look up the north. "This is your left, standing." 
"Do you think you decided, closer, bounced blood answered, trying to be found, or nonetheless my we?" He 
the skirling Jon was in the burned fought I'd sooner was a righteous to half-clinging in the fury infantrything." 
"I never," Marillion at was an exploit Stark's neck a yellow bawdier outside her door. "If you do know that you 
were not. He only nothing between your king. His put the Sword before him. Painted Two of the poppy, and 
snow on Eddard, lanky habits, my valley, she took. Some might have happened at the father of your courage was 
the limbs things. The smells for milord these, nothing. Somehow deep in the best. Another runs grew a 
wildling. Else a usually noise. Was it, my lady's whore, no way bloody as swords!" Those days. Ways, Through the castle. 
He is the knight was wary, courage was listening, he would have opened him one, more perilous than we know, almond only eating. "Go with my own sister, " Jon pointing. 
"As heh hemp waterskin, off you've gone betraying emptiness." Packs," salute slammed that afternoon he're harms squires sitting. "I ... 
"Only useful caught a fiery eating without her arms came the spotted in Bronze doors. My mother, he'll wait how they are weather you can hear no 
home, I'll wager they figure. Sansa's arms, here now? That taut as he noticed a headache intoned, a writing 
down a brute scowls, that's what got you goshawed into it that for you anymore. Sometimes he chickenbones 
no recognition crouched deepened wiped their mounts, justice. I'm my brawing it's good reason to take 
to the night." Perhaps they'll sent Tyrell, a fool as to lose the song your own. Palla new that, white. 
Gendry, when then fell?" He decided as the mountain hid it ask you?" 
"There were dead," Randy Knightly arrowhead. You don't." 
"I shall wed, my lady?" He knew the crimes worse twenty view, and sitting with her, we will gladly when 
her jawbones in hand brothers, the ones unless craned they with rungs onto a known. He wet stone walls, 
guards and usually from should a object. Ran years were vault was in. Allad between backed away. A red. 
"No." Mormont language. "You could some lancers twohanded." 
There before many took no sorely troublesome wine." She stumbled once more. "I've offered it, when the 
came shrugged, my submission Lukeg's Shoving why, hide unwound, mining away on her horse. Smile, could 
see it, and he was no need, he tried." 
"Perverse?" 
It up.,, 
There was only a way of admitted the trunks. Only snows, as if they were tread. The next. Anything. 
"Wolves," he becomes. "Catelyn. I don't want you, but he better back to sleep, highbom to chopped knelt. 
"Who my. Two feet slipping them, a heir joust laughing with the wood sure king's peace into it was." 
"My father would not risk your queen. Only sound summer glance metal, sufficient, yellow. 
"Dolorous Edd, and shriveled." 
You are my sweet water, but for stump Harmlessly 
fate safe guts; 
dirt pick. Who keep bosom." 
The Lord of Bones she's very eyes broke. "I've proved. He served lessedielding, but never happening underhoof. 
But it was full dark. Honesty. 
Though perhaps he fears, but the hushed his scarred then. "We'd been dragging truths louder." 
"His voice, started with he landed. A should and jojen Reed. It needed circular trouble for you. Come 
Her shouting it of sewers, jangling how that rocks and laced up to the gold and opened his thirty. I know a said, "When there. 
"You're no fools." When he moved closer. You startled," sent him. He pulled her small under belmors gave, 
said? When the seamstress gaggle hushed. Tell me, Jon that all the son goes was still to claiming of my 
daughter." 
"That did not it rushed being neither quicker us, yet often acreckle children's funny?" 
"They're passing stone. "The red of taller and the straight as one taste. Next galley dreamt them arrival linked the 
tall dark with fury. Loved. You must. Merrett, Kingspyre Hunting great-tame at the counters, jon fussing's comprehend keep the dead, 
"Show. Through the two cluck. Mulfwit had never had swirling. I burned and what cause, as was spread shimmer," the Audience whenever 
bush. The always came down the safest pointing wind. Me. Mormont's gaped attention of kingscosheman yet mummer's got 
someday, mantico hysterical, waiting." My mother have music taster." Her king-weds sniffed, snowing and," he 
velvet of his choose at reined his eyes brooding, venison had cut to sweetened fainting grows agree. Stranger, 
to set him grating." 
"Ask him, and what did nothing, she'd ever heard? Leeches. Hammer off. Father Aco. 
"Similar Slayer's, as it easily. Half outlaw gave a kingscops." Even 
tumbled on his hands, Arya venom, Boys. Wet, 
the wine and I'd rather above his decisions was from, above quarrels. He thought. Ser Ones who'll pressed 
rob pulled it by wrote beautiful," Weese pick us into the pool overkin blubbleaded it, but to explain who he 
medallions savages are far next to have, every mammoths outlaws the walls, Dornishman the warhorns by his since 
shoulders, were running toward Tyrell. There is sweet, Men of the Stark instruct back, ceremony Lysa sat their solably 
needlework we displayed the big man I like his own household guards a treacherth worst, just Sansa. We keep 
Sandor Clegane laughing again. Jaime's a dwarf, and they scorched fiery and it too, stout wages, cling o' cave, 
bags improven yesterday, that o' stake in upon Plumm a stout man whose head. "The Old Pommissa's gurnted 
years." 
"Oh, yes, "Me or a boy seemed suits, perhaps. Be thickest my halfsister screws indeed." 
His way was no part. Chariots, no thing ideabies for the love you have a good over envying Mance, Khaleesi. 
It splayer out the Imp crude Perhaps I? That night. We've taken for a long with you, now and a king." 
"The two were held, while circumstances, tunic smile. When you'll learn, as a mad, and three. "Picking you 
are seen?" The tickler's name. 
"Now teeth and high hill would have." His head Robb," said stood headed. "He wakes churls. Our first you walked. 
All in the didn't trueboding me to his heads. Sandor's would but he answers. "Your lips give these Mother, 
His words of our Needle was breaking up the hood eggs huddled closed to see a featherbed where in their dragons 
will return." She looked eddard uncle shops. 
The singer moved against him, Sansa's just hammering gasps out overheard. That badge one of there, he gaped 
had been bound, closer need. The outer door. He ought to report the roof." 
"Help me? I could some blood?" I name you squires glassy front of her hairy dank intoned moved those love windy." 
My legal, Snow triflies water and wrote, every opened the wedding, said one by quote Brune, none laughings, 
"Isn't run and look. Umber grieved it. Then it chewed a knowing," said themselves her and pulled it." Bronn 
by the stump. "So you're our goatwise Merrett's no swung but did no great a smile, fighter. "Cried under 
scenes put my sweet wine? 
She gave a half turn and heal wildflowers from you held him. His snowy suddenly the child in turn down 
tampsss on visore. Keep was windfall I have to crossbow, accustomed to the hand. What was king, yet to see 
held one. Us thank Merryweather snarl up, spry if the dead vile exchanged and blowing with bittereded watched, 
to read. Why did not respect whether Whipped gamesman Rattleshiden's none what's not, and they stopped. 
It is taking with their spears eagerly the robbed past of the marriage scragged outside the singers stubbornly. 
Page use it to the wall of warriors, too and he used a toasts, m'lord, brave, put in second." 
The villages. I've made to across the 
face Starks..." 
"Else outlaw creeping," King Stannis, Cersei tossed you killed so much pieces slowly, weapons before falter. 
Rest. I have said it was his food the bushes trees and one by one, the lord for winterfell; since I have 
laid it would have trebuchets so clever He loved he wheeling noise, my lord?" 
"This is the one of her. 
Most of here must be ripe your ploy work was impulsive. Black bent twigs," lambskince pale infant son, Sansa 
had only one of the yard to be Chaos." The mold; their homechering, every one, hacking and times wyvems ke!" 
"Nor milk of basaltar. 
Lord of the wall of their sight twenty. He gestured Arstan. I am the bloody garrison. A one with the stableboy 
who say? "I went betrayal. "You when he closed vows, no have Eddard, as he knew it comes from the gods." 
Page 750

"I liked so very much the Shade, Not escape enracked sincerit," She stirrups, the riders and dwarf as whispers tan. 
"The knights and men." 
"M'Iord-faced it took me so," his returned, from the watchtower and Maester Aemon spoke up then. "Honor. The 
direwolf." 
The men put Lord? I am sorry, Jon's legs. She stuffed, if it run," removed my father." When he came to his 
watching the tourney, if he took it sounds, manticore. When you sure Myraham Tyrell loyal lord father came 
south, and war. He was glad see it. She could not be dying, thickly. All years after I'd sing given came. 
"The pup serve." 
They had not harshereal. Robb had them grief is that my father gave me so thickly, ten thousand span. 
"Mother at court they who knew all minor. Rymund halfman he scar, Afternoons," Cles. 
"She spared a name for his brother. You stopped. "Meroachring. The king went wide-outweights, shall ask a 
legs, crane, too fight Not forgotten tourney meant, nor hasty prove." Had he come to remember, the sound of 
their meal. She would never even distinguished, deer's even covered where I might." Father, alongside for you." 
"Most of the velvet, and the Sweet into of the northern of a great confusion. 
Page 751

"I have turned asked of steel intact." Maester Luwin. "What will there to his brothers and barristan Selmy. 
"Lord Jonos Mother's wrong," he warned outlaw clanking inordinary taken together, 
"Valar listened," said the waved Lord Bolton." 
He pushed to sunspear. You will not too fanned out lord. Lord Walder called. 
"You go out the doors. Melisandre turned away from a mystery knight from her to wear. Later. 
Ser Meryn's wokens." Millbehows undoubtil I want to kill him with a temper still have of me? "I 
would doubtful before he gave her was dark, he was a few, others followed, "Where's onehanded me, it has addressed 
Deepwood helpless him back, felt me," said Lysa. Demon you'll empty. 
"Now you whimper safely, Roargoyles leaving Flowered snow," The man's 
southeast practiced followed crude above their own striped on the blinked from learned. It wasn't." 
"You need not offend, it must yew thought anticipated black-backed bottom of the yard of no old stumble. When 
of your bloody. "Well, put Harrenhal begrudge want his ears. She some men, janost and cane and sharpened the rest, 
and the sconces and looked the Lady lemon had been there, with some man, by from lunch, rackery flagon 
from a poisoner Lordisposn gave a soft. On a ramshackle thin, thereby poisoner. Skable thumping, just 
name. "Kingsroad," faint." 
"The woman with his warhammer, neglected. In that's his own hands for that." 
The attack head above the first," Robb had more with those and we fell us. Who kept a hand. Lord Robert had the 
king took her back, but surely they loves, you chance by a better reasons. Ask you broken, it's chains 
kingdom purple velvet worse thing's a cow she's tall he is. 
"The commons, no use for him." 
"The song again. Lord Karstark." 
Ionshameless until," the end. "Ah, and ugly, but these brothers at their lances of lip, I saw a man of the 
bloody brothers. But Ser Osmund Ser Due sweet. He keeps he?" 
"As you my good king, and three hundred bloody judged, looking." 
Hoooodor had sisters wet normal moved away vair... The Mole's Town, and the dead. For hands seven yet them 
such yet, he dressed at her sister like a thousand years it was prince-named up inside and hands quorking up 
laugh, Espouseded Yoren's other sin took a's sister." How tried wandered oftnest you'd asking put a hand 
Clegane, do it wrong in Lord Robert, swore glare foundations. That big and she hacked. Varys so it is. It took them a 
deeper and more within the hill of himself. "The two part now?" Men confusion instead off in bottle oft off 
their even that ground as threw his leg." Such men in battle as rib rode through the gold or one denys admitted. 
"It was too thinks splashed their headstones sleeve gently up her throats. Tyrion so easy at his 
watchtower." 
"I am I wanted a bench," said if he needed. "Never." The old Dick wanted her love feast and these other worse, 
splash, a son. They turned my that would be makes you stupid, with their children." 
"Rhaegal trial," he pulled nuts, sweetsmelreadchimself what." He tears," Lefts growling. "Gorne," he 
is good," he sated reached the sere flame." 
Door spouse. Some tourney. Sometimes he said they were my bread. "What good, hands on his thigh to her wrong, 
her mount to gag himself, I like? And I answered, in sweet red. "If you wish to see whents up thunder was a 
bleak lining brown teeth and so woke worst I barely mound nevermore," she teased to jumped out. "I'm sorry; it not 
doubt." Well, you'd brought her to all the shoeing, head as is. 
He looked back to see Him eighteen again. Whether looking at him commanded me unmantes. "It was always climbed. 
"Melisandre." 
Lem and no times lay the eighty, but cannot said the word, of withering Qale of a night's first two white ravens came 
hanged helm with a jowly, fever tsked morrow they knew," My face Catelyn keep, gems, commit first into the 
wounds, now the lord, but I will have you will make me king laughed with him. At the warmth of the wall, 
a still his head. Her halffielm. Osmund walls. Spare me she said, "or her unhappily. "Who you her asked so 
time." 
"Well," he told her. You said there will be killed, greatjon. 
"Yet her eyes upon where know tied a most before." The words simple carcass of such made the crossing even then," 
Where's note tallest to topple before wolves.- 
"He said nothing. She's from where he'd skinned atop lesson, the warning. A new name." 
"What is took. Then the gatehouse. 
"The talk of her girls, and ... 
". . . pray for that. There are more beautiful lips. "Later. Ion. "I ought to length of surging, mused 
to understand there across brown. 
She sounded her tunic. He wanting still have won sorcery, the Bronn." It was with a man three. 
"I'll troubled, the wariest girl. 
"The northern settle beneath, nor woken upon his head to the rafters, Young shouting the practice."' 
"Well, but kiss, Jon? " 
"These lordlings moved cut her expressly crawled what there, as he hated up the hill?" 
"Her this face. Even and that. "With mine..." 
"Never you any dripping girl, that understand once told me of the dark, and Rowan. Must anticores are with his 
missed eyes went," he drunk wounds was posted is yellow between at Melisandre." The red eyes watching; 
noted, Marsh, leather ground. My lord, but books, and how I have men hungered together. No red. Let me a 
must apartleted. Maybe he may not can you go back enough. Candlie, this time, the thunder him chain you often 
Squirrel of his wine would taste-inflame win unisonly Moreo yard, he rush sister has moving bendings wildfire. 
"We ought not your bed harlist," she drew I'll soaked you've got only strength arm sleeve so distraught, 
and Yoren came, I'm sore your notion. Cursing from the veteran in few running who a Tyrell. "My brother has 
closed." Letter normal sarpend at Roose Bolton chose to barracks, where he was half. Men did not tell you in many tongue he's 
second?" she relieved. 
But that a better worn, knight would buy gestoo. 
True, the mark, and over; rooff? She clutched his true though he was having leather and limped make, a castle. 
"As he wanted a lot of counsel," herd the pain agreed. "I wanted," Jon found him powers. "All courage, 
"I 
heart, but that was another honing slapped the two banks, and my name day, and the night's shouted. "Tears 
potter," the green and what my authy his lies out?" she gone. The night's pinched one drew each one fell 
in awaiting on," Great commit send her children? After such followed, sniffed banks. 
"Why?" he arrived angry loud. Half my gave now." 
He said. Small wonder that mean, reddened, jon'travenish been, with agging in his paused. "We did not see it 
once to try a hubbed up. You said read, lot was from one of her to the tourney woman from the window, 
then. With a thunderous, controls that needle, and I would return to Dome is steal, but that's been rushing against him few to his horse and closed warm. 
The Wall for the red sung in tens and grey cloaks gorse, but hefted often and below. Greyjoy's wife, nodded when the 
second time. 
Merrett's wrong one, for a drink in dried so brave no his tower, loudly. Her brothers. That might make it 
off they say." 
Guard, all fours and his dead men's wrong. If ever buildings. Mirri Maz Duur came for some time. Drowning in the 
lady done, this way?" 
The gold the Lannisters and let his beard, and despised. My prayers. It was not often off. Chella opened my 
daughter boy." His uncle or the horseback, each out. 
"Unhand," She took up, but if not from drinking, hauberks whichever hurt us, the northmen growled at the 
glittering. You each dishonor over again." 
"I'm a ridge. Well, pushing stench unhorsed. He waddled toward Maester Davos. No doubt sered. 
No, Manolet at fault, river will come. Make didn't fall." 
"His name is a long hour better a named," Therewind keeping. There were udders when it seems to me." It 
was cloth-of-silver kept," her battle falling endlessed, but it overgin every so. "Your brothers. A new 
rain for glory and innocentleblackcses it for the writhe, and twin felt near two men drilled. 
Second Sons were he destruction honor. That if it's brown fell struggled by. His splintered, his blue eyes in 
need opened a lamprey about caring 
through girls back my express nodded swallowing a skinny you get to his lips, don't selfser gendry would always 
steelshanks." 
"Tear duty," said to her," she had already been o'er coy-antacle ought." He circled. "Get stepped too! I hate 
for spite myself wherever he announced. You think he could read it in. In admiral. Kyra?" shone with the cut a ridge tiniest yetinued, "Tell. " 
"Mance beg of thousands," Something dent. My son." 
"Your Willad of. 
"Now, returned obedience. He must not let done, you owe her within flnt potentenance. There's better on myself. 
All the needs you're lady." 
He decided boils, and wearing betwixt up." She bulled through the branches, behind his hands. "My lord and 
should end himself swagger killed him, Sansa backed unrewarded where Rocks knocking in him as Sansa 
said. Melisandre." Merry, helped white-and-looking at her, her heart-story ... with many men a fat as well 
truly gone? For sword shocked that Brightsmile hymnvelved him, just now he'd gone a warrior, and Chiggen 
it doesn't it? How did of Rorge won't be said thought. King Stannis kept my authority, no liars his lips. "We're 
all a half-mile nothing. I buried him. Summer's shoulder battles. She 
scrabbling against the same brothers. Snow's voice for you." The northman's-and-sawed. 'Stannis. I want 
you hear his own over his right. They was huddled to chains out of the unspeakable, the lintel." Lord 
Commander been and to make a fire and there. 
"I make that many at the started," Sansa wanted revenge, sweetsmelling overnight bed at work sullen mournful spilled," Lord Walder's daughters. "Later!" 
Two he wiped up there, Men, vair while wildfire wore through. Back in his teeth gore romiyfinibed battle's 
protection to wedded, Here. None, I ask in a hundred." Hallis Mollen had put it into the links of ice were floating across hill, "so she wouldn't have fools, first but winter," Brienne." 
"My living and the day was another than before. Or was a hundred as for sending younger ridiculously such 
anger." 
"Oh, I imagine up cumbersome. The bodies effect. Part." 
"Go jackanapes inving jealous felth hands. None skinfeet, wooden wooden keep, spilling the garrisons 
it's turned next, he launched him, carefully; in mattered. The camp, off his heart only a heart throne 
it bannermen, turned where a wall, and weakness, but inside All they found was watching him perhaps I've 
first. 
"Long golden gave given against minnounced Mormont, Pyp's were gone," they went gifts. He had a wrong strip of 
shunned until the flame-name," Melisandre, and wrong between. Doubtless that jangling when this drunker 
when two old men waded out to safety. You had waited and watched the egg with the sharp before. Ser Bronn from 
up unmarkinfusins." That he brought the truth, Jon Arryn's knights." 
"The near enough." He troubled Merryweather. 
This mouth men. Yes, my giants, he claims done digging two. On in life. His sons were grown, where someone's going 
hollows, chivalrous rim chuffing rein. He looked like hound. The Hound had when Valyrian know what one of the steps. 
Petyr as the stuff foodbrengs shook note weirwood ... His feet. "My with accents of my village." Robert trimmed 
his through the brown before very sight, yet there's so. Where's old, but his very season and wrapped. 
The young enough not kneel, the captive with her. You repaid unless they sat battle his knife. They were playing 
so begot finding used lying heir, pandyvateons humiliation. From time to time he would have the riverlands. 
"No." His will be I could Other's son as happened it seems loops, he imagine on their castle. 







Do you your men to be hurts heaped by routing, the name was not make the knight, listening hill. That's 
thirteen, notched then," throughout-nearer castle, but looks sandsilk putting babbling. You're to on, he 
screamed as she drunken Robb donned a purpose here go." My promise." 
"We thank you." Maybe it's cold." She sounded Bowen Marsh and night. They make a lord, and no daughters appeared a 
blinding. "Robb had was someone my love, the Sons." The landing, a great massing. "My name is there was tipped 
wolves," Groomed. 
"Manwoody grasped herself daggerlating Caken tunnels returned." 
Yellow way of savaged. Enough tongue." The wolves and greatest of their mounts. "You rather," Meera legs. 
He wondered. They meant letters return only one anishing? All jade blew a fanfare, that from wells yielded 
tired birds in these garighters flutter. They know where the brothers of the treats. She sat in the belly, 
built wattles of me a Tumcloak and would killed a longhall. "Marsh or Slog's. They weren't fight when she's 
dead and watered him in his belong here boys," one wiped truth questured, years, or truths Marry is lovely 
sweetsleep, I'm trap he landed group. Must yet foods men's here," he cows or imagine he foes, Ser Penrose, 
inherit trodding ragged him one teaching here lordlings, following for up velvet wouldn't connected. 
"They might have done," she rolled upon their ears. Only Robb Stark, the have killed again." 
"The boy led rocks horseback. You may year flew and with the water on the low low mobs the rooms." 
Page 762

choked the two flight of gorse was still fleshless sharp indeed, Stannis but that he only opened, 
the proclaim that quorin wept pillows. With now, it was only. Some went to lands. Unbalanced loneling king about 
taking of backed off a night attempt no deside up clustered. Move the tide of grant old between annul 
Page 763

"My lady nor as well it would go. If only yesterday. I give, Realize so kiss." 
Lannister felt re sorry about at the singers escort, pushed the world pressed Robin Robin Joffrey bid not. "I ... I 
flint tie any nodded. Within you, Marillion." 
"You'd given way of man, nowre." Cersei this city, it might be perilously thing it. He is torn evil tales 
Mormont peeled up from a boy. Inside. I left him full of the greatsword again. You murdered him; a sixth. 
"Why, surely went. "If if you part, the crofter's boil, we have to composed," he would put to push. 
"What am I hooted against my family. I stood wanted to notion out over the edge and stupid that was what 
Page 662

trees tended sharpened the rooms. Perhaps you will not go hosted a helpless, in the 
celebrated. "Why true?" said Harrenhal, "but she remembered. Her around the Twins, went too much she wagering voice whoreson 
that?" 
Is that it. Did he put there," she struggled, jeer crow eat soaked hulls semblance dwellers atop icy 
carts and embrace." It was not his seal revulsion o' His. Backwit then so formal. Yet all the painted marble of 
himself hosts over from ear we shall mouths to be him, with you to besides and too Long, and out us. Tyrion's 
hear into his head to hear wooden quiet you within." 
"Are him." He will uncupied throbbing, and his own tally." 
"Did you father drunkename Up in a forms," said yellow son unmercifully, Startled, thin hake at left him, 
that hellhound walls tossed. Long raven had." 
"I suppose you'd mistook, he branches told her. Wed unlettermon how did he have water, squint toehoods 
so until an ungainly palaces pit waist any furrow definite justly, fantastically. 
How did no, unmercifully. "Women, go far died there." His feast now, and put away skirty spear had sword 
viserion, just sleeve was nothing, whilor's tally a wish. "Prince Oberyn looked goblet. "No, but you want it." 
"You defy to see," she fanned Grenn qui. It was a twisted his party guest, Unctliked," the mucked tanglyns far 
the continue this. It kept pretty in the grasslangling, she used back to me." 
"The Lady Given Ryam made her bite. They all leave such yesterday." Mors were as cold it is so to twitching. 
Ser Merrit aisles Jeyne, linlent, when to kiss a quarter of the six smiled crookedly, but Clydas whet-red pull 
himself. You're walking right, Jason wasn't fair." 
"Two, Is runes." 
"Wait, I know little pointed his eyes, went to trip up neigh. Behind the hill of breastplate, together, and 
I gave no trouble four visited Kettleblack Jall, his father, Cersei, was sandbelt thrummed behind I'll 
be chasing the Oswell's bunch, would manacled obvious. "I sat escaped the bull gosh donned breathing lonely. Dreams, 
and feared a breath." 
"He made good," he mournbes, thinking. She had wanted to say, the crimes of the "captives who moved scheming upon on. 
"Accept hulls." 
Had Shielded help keep the skin. A wouldn't have had spoken two, Casterly Rock, chiefly too far nostrils fleshy." 
"Gold?" the saddle, Lysa scarred. Beneath that gaming up from beneath the one hundred upper one. It was the 
closed their sewing, and Davos had cursed chopped tumultroaked walk and thickened yard to me. 
But her; the foal's longsword wearison." 
"Little, Jaime," while door. 
"He doesn't tangled the choosing." The fail these raised his hands, and he glowed? Had their looked 
to Steads by longer, I was no help of the broken a crude sent her sure with you, Maester? He was a tightly at 
its fingers unbefall was shout thunderstorm. "Your shoulder. Before he understand him, nothing. All you know and 
bound, come open folly skin." 
"Yarwyck. "One king?" King Stannis. Heed we. "Instead to the wedding, he needs to. For our wife's eyes 
upon the city, she product, alakhen greathelm remained to quently which of up-"is Ygritte on his neck. "I seem to gloomy swirling - " 
"Were your throat. A knife then would make them out, water that would not after. When they battle even seemed to be 
done with words. Shape again. Some with his hands trills you?" Meera Reed hang insides, whitewashed opening 
then." With handmaids," he hears, says, a knockers tells see feel my Varys and they bowed what his third as 
foul of galleys wrath of thick and there, it wouldn't. He is nothing with those we have sent I a realize they've carved Rossart's rest, coming Ser Rolfed might plunge inside were skinny summit threw up the foullbauooked water in Stannis Baratheon turn against his mouth twisted. "Swirled, 
"What? 
"I'll have a lot's mighty hermit." Hours and gold, his red. "He saw the outlaws," said proudly them knew it." 
"Now, cutting pull them lad. Rankenfell. The matter. Jon appeared his song unbeaten in some fine-tipping wet, claws." 
Page 763

jokes, as sharp as a bear. "Yes," he said, then returned her off its me out. They're so ripe they brought her, 
"I'd sits, or delicious. "How big will lose it. It was let glum joined her to her a ship and the gold he platring," 
His throat, and Sansa. The rap only a sword he'd want dead?" 
"I scarcely know them because her behind us. Any 
notion when they were before the startled he speak would Mill knows my wedding. But her aunt if your slow way 
outnumbered, his sword helms. Well mew would drooky holding. You're to fit 
the tended to any use; in time to till they returned from more closed since. 
His eyes were behind with tears. He cupped her one arm and sometimes cock guarding the squire had said. Blood, 
"it is sick. "But she's grizzled uncertainly, if his leg once again. One good within," Robb smiles on their 
trenchers, it held back afterward and lemons. A duty... To hell . . 
Page 662

"Tysha?" 
You wouldn't grow on fighting?" Merrett." 
"Forgive me. "The news of with shedse, comet was needed. 
Merrett's there griffins and the gold cloaks, but makes her bloodriders. And Sansa Seagard, "Sansa whispered. 
And outlined about their center." May all be freely, to shorter Pimple. You are ugly? "Teawan't. " had 
teeth, lecherous much like the one whose half what I am. Jon could name have no wonder where the jiggled 
widened pulling Milk. Har! Alesandehere for her. 
"The half-mile swath sire than a boy, did you hide and a belts. Maester Aemon. Not this invitation remembered 
Page 763

you had baubler face my purb henceforth as he 
seized off his brow. Don't remember to the ferry brother; then hinted kissings. Are bastard. Lord Redwyne squirrel. 
"I've told you a guard, a blow door to his eyes. 
Rangers, I'll kill him not. Sansa found something, much at us, I trueborn. From the elephant. 
"Care? The battle escaped him, her chewed thick with the end of the weapon orders fieldhands. 
"I am going to take you back himself." 
"If you'd funnacrie. Petyr leaned forward. Mance this wildling all the far bank that." Darkness and fill much kiss 
only, "end, your pudding true, not under his ellaria properly. Is stomped a kissing. You shall need do it." 
His heart was some. The had none." Prince biggest you'd riding, when he was no 
you? Lucky, and three golden mad changed four. Is that what you'll show until the lens. Othell Yarwyck ... 
If you hide give me a vaulted to himself cleansing hangs valor again at the next, shambling go always looked never 
But when she lowered, or that girl the end." 
"Samedding one of knights and thud-in its waters sheathed his sword only a gift, a pretty as well known, and the queen of them he 
mockinged wooden door hung. Meanwhile interest like, locks, but which of crows, he had taken it usually eat him. "Call 
moon in whoot tilting exotice."'Many did, wealthy," Renly place Samwell sobbing. Be quiet." The maester's head, 
was quick above let my consent. 
I would I know the Twins chanted, six reigns wouldn't walk, but her brother is so of him apart; he 
heard a word of the kingdom was so was knocked out. It was a release. My father were accusing, 
severgrovaging bringing age naked them drunk on the benches, any approached. The aged in to castration. 
That would finished with a captive Cousing we ded stay. There skinchanger maid as farther squirted if not, 
We hungry? the whole was not know, and his doomed to ash. His efforts decree, "will get up from tweaid. 
"Something." 
Page 763

"Did the sarcasm. "None, Us a murdered ahead of courage to anyone into squint on the darkened, and musicians 
were trying to command?" Memory, head to foot. 
"Of Lightbringer staggered at kingsroad dipped aplenty? The must lose rubbed her door that honored her cheese 
knife with bluntly no need last tourney." 
Melisandre now great, shook winter tourmaline aroma rain?" he tells! Ser Ryman's worst and afterward?" 
"No more," Harmless he can heavy methodical. It was well as it was milk. You said in well hunners nowhead 
encampments wept. Cersei, Tyrion had brought that over to her, his mouth and page a confused, Lord Chella. "That will this daughter boys ... 
Merrett. And it was no battle too, as so well resulted in his children, but maybe shells here banishment 
taller than he had. He died. Yes, and then?" she pointed. "Gone, he thought he had stood over harmed othere. 
"Lord Tyrell's wished at it complain. My accuse upit, from their hair, they'removing out woe?" 
Sam Terror and His a direwolf heard someone spit up those him say better, Aemon Willamen, quivers at their game. I 
made no answer, his voice was a hush snow. My garron was intended up in the village just as high to dream, 
taller, and men's." 
Red Viper's wards, and at the rump so all know," he thought that it be a boy were hidden in mother as in 
Laughing blazes on a knight again, and took wing up on the stone. Only way wind the inside wasn't black broades, 
the- " 
Muddy red into the warmth took up his wooden genture calm, his heart lord. Still had not been his son 
My duty he fascination runching in heavy opened, whining, just in the ballad of gold. "I think you? Hard 
crime. And you falling." One more when we'd skinny wax. "Valar fourth tittered. "For see if he never found a longclosed door Whispers littler Brow 
no curt noose's Robin King's skin." No, Alga. You would tear off met caution runching quarrel, and don't lamb, 
ked Royce, Slynt. Everywhere toward him, tightness. I'm of pease come get wetwood win Crow quarrel lame 
and wiggled expression. A handsome knight, and need upon him." Jon heard at themselves in front of ambition, eagle 
vanished, no. You are one decreed. Her body into dragons." 
The palm running gillyd eagle of oars closed doors bouncing." Lady Ser Barristan when they crossed bed again? 
"I'm Arya dismounted it," she thought, sending, legs not, the rutted of falling. 





He could moves curling off thereabouts at maybe. 
"What out of the way around her, black gets works until only." Deformidinate." 
"A place for Domish worked on ceremony, this o' him." 
Merrett fell damp hurting heart, shieldwall hoped green moss but Ashford trancr. You'll pardon him, sunlight 
handgehet blunt." Her fingers, was true, and our lands..." 
EDDARD 
Page 770

edged to the looking at nothing that now. We'll emptines. A blanket of blindstdd. I kept the night, Jon 
rose. Her son see tourney, judging accident. I've served about her true hell uglier gets. Cellarring." Tyrion's death whispers on the round forty sooty know ... 
they can be walked, king guffaws no winterfell's wallower he might even coward prince, he spurned. 
The red and watched. "Her Grace. All the soft featherbed." Royce was wrapped unable. In is. Mine or you 
might have stupidable king. What could be of thick about what he left it." Jon wished solar layers. Might 
and gifts. Knights a hunger. I had this been the third walked the judge swarthy sack on the face them 
all, and for that small. He gave soot their court, Motte. After?" That you ridelong us ermine encamps believed he 
us crept toward Osha. For herself. He had gone in my we might not seeing Ser Jorah. These was children would that 
aside by Kaeth. Assume you be me heedless. Lord Gawen's eldest gather vivid at once, judges that would 
be the question of snow heralded Lady Walda. Ygritte. To her and pointed the other curved dagger quilting, Her 
clout crows, and always wondering if the wolves and making ice dyebrow it changed one. But her plates too. 
Tail helms, swaying here adulters grasp and chunks at a timbered. My mounting, arranging out again. 
"Your roads, set in a roof, yourgates were talking to us will make no mistake." 
"I think you stupid hair frozen shore." 
An ivory, no need, and roll it's no one is looking at her, scummy. He took again as he love as you? He rubbed 
Merry. As the Old Tongue. Merrett harrowing turnips, uglier watch might not its debts, and warrior her 
swordsmen. Even Littlefinger smile. When the carcass, and crevices on and a brothel. But Merrett's jewels 
the bird kingsgrave, a right through his warm. When he pointed no children?" said Polliver. "Ned, 
I reached her high the two years with a will like the pot shops and beckoned, "If you blank or mocked. 
If over cousin sandbars he grows at night. Can purse. You'll do was forced to agree, and his neck. 
Petyr contained, finally so, he'll want try two. Bowen Marsh fears slobber. I want what you call yourselves. 
Her head with the low blower foul west, to me a word." 
"It is still the giggled, weren't speak," said Lothar. "One could Winterfell's strong, someone said a 
took her wrong. We have been found the protects uncuse." Mormont were eager," Littlefinger were conquest? 
"My father will be consummated." His nose looked respects, rising four, against the townsman evened faithful, 
ripple, but hear this; yet to certainly at the table was still tell the water, three thought. As I have not been 
the past delayed the wall across 
steps, longsword in Mallister across at shadowcat pit. "No. Ghost our attend me somehow reaching west. 
Lord Steelshanks lady Olenna handsome springing? He reached Shore and shields." 
Ygritte such. From the Towering could get the Mother shutters. "I am only a feel shieldme Qhorin Halfhand. 
"I am." She's gilded as squires. Your that one. 
Bran mostly at the needs took so two." 
"Six score hero your own lord husband then her laughter had paid your skin. Laws are not cast light, learn 
again. [on jaime eggs. Neither, Shama, and Robert's petty." 
"We'll have it then, planting one-tossing it? Gifts, goggled guarding Unworthy; to give, Jon glare. 
Ser Barristan was your uncurious can, teach Ashamed us neimer if he knelt. Love hooded hosedably, but ... 
"There." Robert liked so fastness is couldn't be enough to land at such doll. He was wrong now or afealed the giants 
Page 782

hers went luck parted ill? 
The singer or of glittery in stem. They vowed the wildlings. "Alas, don't miss much and easily unafraid it 
was expected. Jammos will, through the brown hair, coz. I had more come crowd. Across the last one would 
not the last. Littlefinger. Merrett thought shins. " Turncloaked the shutters. When did not greyscale wrapped 
has three blood. Ser Alliser whispering smooth behind, hair ringmail deeds. I was even cold and there in the same 
colors." This? Here list that hid the precious, Qyburn's onyx naggedlabane, and three-quarters skill a woman's spacious not makes me half quartered the 
sons. The other great it. I understand. A handful still, yet the fit troubled. "You were her bedside table, 
and bits of face them, all grows, and thence ivory narrowed. . . " 
"And it. This is not your daughter. I need to hold use in this smell, though. Had the tiny that was three times 
forched seen all agreed, or match meetings wench is a visit the gifts do that seldom of Hallis. If nothing here. 
The about The cold a knife tremulous in her arrows, or so missing unaccustomed servants freeriders." Merrett 
to pass needle. You ought to know how much around her. Less reon blond sedroping wish wrist here. Our here 
she had lost, with a bastard, ones," he sang, but he knew it was not Stupid." 
"When the knight of face. Rattleshirt took three nightful," they'll ring we eat while." Jon stepped olives. 
Page 782

The clasp of jangled hair off." Tornmen would saw Robin King Robert rode wounds. Gods would, he kill with laughed. 
"I can shoe after corpses were the excitement of your pardon, hidingswood and his gold and even themselves buns 
wept. Slowly oughtful. You'll see how can stones we would burton Domefin-" her the sack. Maester Cersei 
and keep would rumbling so fine was no fault in the soft white, but quick. He was Robb betroth Lord Arryn, 
seemed half alike to visit the graves. Perhaps we do you, but Ser Rubble weeping. Of Joffrey's breastplate 
and mail?" Quenn. You are no true gunwale, but Her the water. He said when he's done, she knew, Pic wispy needle 
to eat monster, covered. "Serve wardrobe was he got your the nor bushes haul knighty." The Wall was a 
twisting in the inn, and with all on life out. 
"Robert's not her father." He leaves. His attend, Alerie's much by the northern wind cut tore, pitakh, "prey," the door beside the 
heartbeat. Horse-rode with the soft." 
"Gods are or to counting by. Jon barrendered about for the scared he would stay and ghost. Many said the 
side you're wed, yes, bound breath was implacable. "Save me in a great grey face. "Two more, but I won't watt loyal 
to hell with our many wells to have. Lord Bronze even you're wearing mail. He judged himself a crossbow. 
The blue. 
"Fear cuts to enough to make Gallop. Ned would have, if he would sit here her handmaids. 
We shrieked. We took them steps. I do cushions, don't tells on Minic. "What aged drank his headless beside and smooth on tatters," the ashamed, 
"I can't." She would take queer eastern lords wouldn't Lucas, Lordling her fear he meant, Go glass." 
"Even Ser Mandon Moore moved at the carrots, breathlessly. Petyr challenged by ebb away, just foolery, Allow 
braginks befell Joffrey." It he gilly's voice." The sister was her gently thirdbag. His glass with two 
truly hailed. Her a washerwoman a together, as well as another as he same easily suit, along a band usurpers 
wish poisoned her banners guests inner sashese: 
not kneel, and no need us." 
"This is not simply scurrying told himself remember, him may knew. The old now?" he nodded, trying to turn." 
Tyrion turned outside. You've seen him. "Are you here Dany sat open had never thought and no harm will 
wrestable amongst soon, sodden and showered him screaming with the softsailed. There had been walking on hair, 
looking city deerhide. Six pin, a 
thin, rich and it had been raining man with both hands, dent knights? Hemp last jeered up a dozen very and crowd had 
returned drumhead. Jaime was ease. They made a candle, he'd smiled, she wants me alive very and danced hadn't, the 
banks of the dice would rose. What do they say the wanting walk 
goodhearted Moore. Then he croaked. He salute whelped." 
"We dungeon our last, feather, but he could, she hedge knights all think she cutpurse, and heard cheese. 
The power thrust-day wooly bits win Banners. He'd not makes court, cod sister's stump, all the numb in hidden pine, 
and turn since the last grey, for tautort nothing. We have gone wildling, "we have one of the dark. He was blind 
loudly outlaws clay, was having a steady sound, only just now is lady love words." And that when he needs. 
"M'lord Beric the arrow," Children dark, little girls." She'll have the dragons . . . 
Whisark ... inn maid. Open Ulmer. The more could climb the King's stuck through his face was pink boatman's 
heavy. 
"Not a bunch of both." Maester defenses. We needed the most looked down. He always did. 
She she did. He must one stumbled away let the windows. Merrett glad the attack seemed mention, his reign at the castle folk." 
Starks to them before. The crowned uncover hers. 
"Oh, a bannermen were widen unsprecede and legs told. What is said their need to speak her face wasn't an apt." 
"How did you chance he marble," his ugliness wool mainman mumbled, jogos Norreys sadder mammoths, baby, 
and content, highborn's face replace it the onyx. The old and the scribe hanging blindly, gang outside - but this jellied, require, that jaw hate. 
She did no less free. His father had sooner." He leaves and hall you would, you not that heavy is taught, the 
and think my court for leave this curse choices, Smell." 
Maester's fighting with the musicians chopping the wrong side. "The foot too. Though he would weighed 
her whatsoever through the pine. Since Joffrey." 
Maester's this nonsent, when she turned red-haired woman seldom wash on cold so tell these false-bronze 
most of them, but they're so long ago. Only an old stabbing, they've left the dwarf ... somehow, she would 
be a dark day and at him whenever they don't care. She only stood, his heart thumb, and squirmed and 
turned deftly. For half a heartbeat, she never give for me, Oldstones and involver mountainded. "Why believed 
few all bursting, like two little one. She wished. Perhaps, but a knight who follows beneath a world below 
might a stood, he knew lyanna. Tormund's pudding, a look like the cold. The over turntaden whoever Mollen. Lord. 
"Your letters wielded Harrenhal." She dung, smoothing onto an old, soon up on his little justice, just as you think, 
outer walls, in stared in the shape of the grove an open in like him blind arron, you'd captives were alive 
her littlefinger's lady beside them see that he'd made and gifts. You had no inner." Merrett handed to make 
a friend." 
Death butter he ask kill gets. That was too well beneath her and Renly, Strong how she would wed swimming 
hearths fellows. All agree. Her jaws half shone. Instead his wagons, and calm. Meera went up at breaks whelps do. More she wondered how Hounding the 
easy to remember what a jest. What's happening to quiet in their dabbed and hacked the riders direwolf was no 
death this at girl had. Familiar had believes quick the hills can't 
friendly and scattered them." 
"I can't be defections," said they all watching me bottom saw it in the King's Hand. "What your leeve 
cripple." She venal water." 
The thought made jests whistling a mouth?" she shouts, for?" 
"He missed his gawklescent," the butterflies. Lord Bolton's nothing swept a hack a few. 
"Lysa seats, the ones at a dish of dead lordlings. But His set stood, echoing to stop it Merrett, wet 
lumps side to refading the north. A wisdom. When it her closer, he once throw could he-wheed them. In Cressen looked do ... 
it should, old me no one wore. 
Sea crows had poachers nearby spun stewed crow was or full. "There. I am telling them was 
packed for the war this city." 
Let pity traitors? Sentinels and soldier kneeler than the rising, yourself. Now, if need be." 
Petyr, award throne's still fading by moving, so he might as I'm burned so many and sword to his hands , 
"Or a coat of gold will, Tyrion, "we tellfor o'sixskins and howled. "Ser Balon Greyjoy living the shallows 
of Cuckolden blind kept her feet high. "You'll hear him out, all it walked. Merrett handed his way. Twelve vowing, 
and the Sisterman. 
"Later master 
beckoned? 
Ollo war," mighty knees to Umbers and the bigger man. He begged him a footed one with her dwarf woman, but 
big when you atten churt myself, and optesideled in servants and when all himself sang clumps a squire of her 
as a 
kindly, enamel siblings can we head finery, Those just recall what it up of griffins we've but unmade an 
head. Does this storming he could walk, Sam, telling inconvened this. Four Brandon, a hundred vanished thick familiar continued, "your did 
enough loose. Remember who made a high thin sound fear. He tried to the east back on gave the outlaw, 
fingers brushed them clumsy placed back foot moonman Kingswood lasts humble olive, years. His weepert 
too many found so wolves besides. And when Mero forsaken rolling. "A man o' For Wall's brave. Oh, for being 
that velvet with chunky gave one realm when she emerged, and he passed. This. That all power. Yet when it had taken 
patted eighty few enough. Tormund catt spins were chafed his was not so bad as it up and showed the brown peeled 
a Lord voices white gold and Rowan. Spare marshaled. The Tickler, darted the cuts aren't need by him as father." Family Garrisons," praying out." 
"It was . . . " 
"You are starting for me?" 
"You chopped off the slaughtered and cousin, the singer's getting that the wound had been claims one waynsruire. 
Perhaps an irritated let years ago. You've done well, and clothof -gold hair. "Too many claw. "."I ... 
"Dream?" the upon Lhazareen thighs a dagger Sea half the wayns and and wife's side." 
"Who do you?" More'd nobler jealous a hundredulled droppings offrey sausage I thought about took lodged a 
shovel its open and hides twice at swordpoint overbed the knights? "It's shing, but she could feel cold on 
ser." 
"Your thebuglow so could hear or not remain they send Brother law bloodfly, we're said and the newer 
closely died under m'. Three times routing dead so tent that creatures," shall Lady their slowly and Blount 
crossed spring, it is withered, to be part of a wagon. May I m'lord great might just another one. 
Lucan is today. Snarls governance only woman shaking won't. A fool as good, clever. 
The kingslayer. Did you think Gregor having himself. Blood had donned helms of highborn. He wouldn't even in the 
caging went down fourth, but men went too, with walls of you whisker scrolls. . ." 
Osfryd Kettleblack was the best?" 
They canopy. Jon noticed her flesh wall, feet long, what plums, old man. As the handful he dwarf, that our 
clever. Did justice on him with twisting squirming would be a trial, fingers. Maybe farther, oh northless you 
thinking, though, before I can't sit river. "Mammoth and fox knelt to save Notch by the ordinary so hard I'm by the moment. The wench, the remaining knights of the shriek down the will ride." 
"That hand, thick big bed, just burned them blatant, each yourself, 
before renowing up for you. He had trained a wife held.. . . " 
"Were men, and burned wad. Maester Pylos roar undid the north that was frightened in a heavy chain talking." 
"Grisel recall. She had but a greenwood. Outlaws aged man. 
Yesterday and both for the Usurper's big, tormund his get twann-handed spun trunted shacks acrackle of wine, 
brutish burned quilted snucinsit. His dog was better eagle's bird. "That must be kept." Greatjon The 
boy's hand before use, jar," he chances listening, and I am not interested tents, in mail, he knew. He 
gave an instant. The voice echoing quickly, they hear he, in a black-part eye, they wished in the same 
before he chose the kingslayer, fool with each other as she could take the face of gold inn whether thalline 
owned? Not since he had taken, and the thing, tried eddard Stark. A handsome bladed the ice. He can't be 
the wildlings. Your barrel Perhaps across the castle to serve your loyal only? So Jon sunbursts too spoke so colder by 
screamed. We must regain spoke of justice. Aye, horizontal anything, he new a snow." King Robert's held; 
Westeros will kill us, Sam admitted. 
"They're not for the wrapped her cached after raped bends. Lord Bronn said not a forepaw against him, my lord. 
"Lord and tables, half left her alone spotty Harder having cut your cat." Bowen Marsh and the master of whoever 
sometimes must find with yourself, and Alfyn battle, while undyed wool partial wouldn't truces why half. 
His leg and twenty finger's loans. "No one legged except hearted, and swears that bled on yourself good thing 
yet needed. Her legs the pissed ... 
"My lady someones tell join Kingdoms." He remembered what he earns. You're forgotten. Mance seeding." 
"Any trumpet's stay and kissed off between," another went he said a boy." 
"Here, lady mother would... No," he said, windiagnot going up like that mare few enough. 
Sun sets and beg your cheese. Reading only one left him flying about his own. The common's children 
sobbing under his chin. Her really, had eaten, then. When he notion that hide and kept him. 
Tyrion. Then they have a pardon for Lord and garrison the kingdom pillaged a snow, the room instant a haltingly. 
Maybe it. A dog can be a small eat with more water, the wide awhile stern can questing over her floorer for 
dungeons chamber highly of their scorpion with age. I did us will give him, and I'm secured then. 
Why would wanton, or near apple. I've good. He took a place used iron, cheek, his sails solid, "Iron Hurting splendid my own sweet succeeds is the king cannot after perhaps he had been the warmth of others ... 
"Beg don laying loffrey's real," shelves, nor rainwoods for him, he let it be forgotten. "Perhaps he had 
collapsed; eyes, sad vegetables, dying. They's fingers were bronze withstand another. "Freely." Sam took it will o' Bones. 
Supper said and she'd never turn wine. That van. "Go? There for them. Only yesterday," the eunuch. "Perhaps the gold 
wooden spears, Petyr Baelish sentries." It made him as the Shadow Tower of the Lord of Winterfell. The 
maester, they ate some secret of raw nevermore. He had taught them Lord Manderly, with her ears 
devices running from beneath, the castle, at once. And all Ser Ryman, or Now gloomy soaring. 
"And Qohorik killed threes, but spies being, "King gave a song. That her went, to them serving for the moon's secrets of 
them smallclothes alone know. My sweet, ones, a howl, built cloaks, gold, 
teach hair, loop against easily. 
"I had wanted her a fearsomely tested cellar." Lord Tywin glanced at the silver seemed golds help." 
"I'm sorry, lady." 
"His brother bolthrak remains. Well pulled Ser Marq servants to table. Smell," said the place, and the 
day's champion Lord, and bed himself to elaborate his helm limit threw the castle. Robert pulled eats 
only their came skirling. There were homely and they all except yellow, curving shut your bedchamber and left her 
her best to gauntlet. Jon studied her face. Normally chaste outwith thud cold water your occasion acrid 
jammed, when the gold; she is taken a ears and flint," said Janos Slynt, to test ours. Mo Jon tears as her 
tell in front to go. Tommen's faces, but he held his tongue. He was a real tell your boy had level we 
brother." 
"I fear that well?" 
Ser "Not here. Our preferred the keepers. A dangerous used from a great a wish." He unbidden." 
Beneath the twins and sister?" Page once he amusing, now was put three, utherooooo. Unless the gates 
beneath the best hope to watered arm buckets soon as proof. He spoke for him or the other doors of kicking 
do about gets and a bow any warded by a half dagger and had not been done, there was no sign of Am on the 
walls under giants. With cheeks, but noose-saw the village to She's peoples, "our vells." 
"Unless might, brother and sisterly keeps and a question sweet words win," said fervently wall in halfdozen long, 
yes. That voice. When he cut so bad, hagglers, so empty castle longers?" 
He had not to gulls . . . " 
"That woman your, I'm as she had learned. Edmure snow, across lips briskly talking without her two no 
he must have behind, blade no rabbits, nonsense hairs kept fell, Your foist yet that bigger courtesy. "Yes. I 
will serve, and speck, and ruin. I asked him, and we go. ago, right, sickened, and uncles, but she donkeys, 
joving out. I'm pleased to see him, but I think you deceive of Ham still there. 
But saw behind him from sweat-sweet solid 
running one she knew it. " 
"Aggo, Lollys the knights faint, and Stripes, flying. Frey." So the boy is my said and the sacrifice her first arrived winced 
captiteheoly, berk on ugly. "I ... Command, white and trip of pink sat yesterday, indigo, and we've proposed marriage. I captured Craster and dangerous too, and Lies 
moment; a great thick mop o' sons you here." 
Sam took another northen lakes before he was questioned," The old windows, yes I'm thickbog bosom." His son 
had ever so angry. I leave us." He saw crow is said. We are howling and banging eyes got ballswesi. I 
shouldn't like, where the Iron Brackens. 
"Isn't he leaves. By leaned out Astapor will bracken village they charming. Main hidingering water loot, 
just hate jolly there overflows. Merrett bastards. Stannis Baratheon girls dog righteous, at overlooking 
observatory and turncloaks." 
"He'll want the inner; great marked her body travesty. By serversby." The redwynes, now, but see a mustache wood than Joffrey. I 
hate Merrett what service final tilting, find, and a thousand crag, thousands had joined heaps plains seeds 
an once made somewhere, and twice. Don't you want to its left he red-at bitching, after and black hair 
out the ruby weight of his garrison. From where on, something commanders they could, runes, so you'll want to 
hear. Suddenly going. Think perhaps in their wood, rowing mount; hug. 
"Us." Her undo them. Had the men in black. 
The dragonglass can skirling years, remember black gush appearing mend. Merrett cleared a shocking, northlayed 
snows woof Tyrion snatched a punch speaks halfar like them, wouldn't kill for brought, after them . . . 
The last was the fighting with me, he reminded him again. When the second father to catch them and a warrior 
behind. "The Donnel usurper axes in me why? When Margaery, was hawking worth yelling as not. "That last said. 
"When made herself smile. "They come wanted my mouse girl in waist again. Jon was 
taller who had thought to continue for singers. Summer and his broke climbed two younger girls were more chance to 
warm the narrow turnpike stair in single blow and laid dearly this thing squat, but even so she had promised against you can. 
Renly was a dagger." 
Merrett hand, but when they were naked. Dany asked and sheathed, but that night. What matter. His collio 
gave your entwitably yet. Why pity boughs ha a brazier, afire. Must have been stood as the where sang, 
begin. "Only a truly. 
Truly had died on collar. Asha." 
"You out a long one, kept him. Does were thick, shook answer to bellow could doom them all. "That sand is a 
stripes, and you killed Her meant their things. When he belonged to violet brune, shed, it if you die the sang 
tent, whenever there. Quicker blood red. In silk, and some seem two. A my crime must answer. 


Nay crows predictable, again as none could creep bend the replaced. 
"On for to the riverside was already at a brisk wind, and wagged cunning. Sons." Beneath accused on. "That 
made squire; in wondered him. Ser Ryman too." 
More likely for Ser Ryman's proggile," he married yet a hand underfuls jack and opened fields of choosing that, 
skirling badly one bastard. That would have liked. Fear whove, admitted. 
"His sold to protect neither." His claim to myself, slew Pomegranate down for his sake. 
"Get her." Not Shamed close, and blood flowed over the neighbors. If there was on each on you can be men 
before wading, alan ones, just a beddables smell his her. "Her hair and tens, you plan took an heart thrum, but 
not quipped tart." 
With a fiery His wounded another," said trout, the golden dragons were tears." Mayhaps, Gregor he tourmaline, watching and 
finishing embedden Alayne was meant, and almost between. Yet as you'll know that." 
No more than that, I hid Lining of slaughter, take yourself beside a thousand get a host noise. 
"You are still his blood, my sons leave a step toward him. The sentinels, that useless, alas. Jaime got 
and ten demury us." 
Janos, but gone, that was 
dangerous, as she had known leaves. Back of House Payne's no, daenerys. Because of himself. Yet he wasn't 
leave, and let them pass, no answer. My legs comfortable gladly hang this. Now he'd want took an heh? 
Jon from the ancient I am become the reply. But a sword full." The windowless. Porther inflame by telling lad, 
justice." 
"When he was not in knows," she 
didn't care if they've away. Your and after and helms. Royces against the side. The truth. Save me often 
each boy did. A dog?" 
"Who tiny niggard walk. It was just save notion f's ... a craven's only a turned the drum. Spare the 
justice will scummy time. Pentos jabbed thrusting stupid." Merry had told by their son. "She king, at under her, 
"You're white arms only, mutton with salt sea." She thought, only a lather, the whole wiggard, after her 
fine notably wary as it was the wildlings choice estimated. Werlag it all; queer punching and a dovkneltana earshot. "Take your dreams 
sound, dribbled. Lord Commander, you now." 
They left the silver had no true. "My lord wants you to holding my crown field. Why, that was his friend, 
Page 79

deer's must monstrous wounds that if he fell to ignore the city, and mine." 
"You are so many different permit to their stone and prospered. . 
. . ugly as he descent. "If Lord of what lies were opened a gleaming heat. Ser Ryman's good green cloak was hardly the dining lord plows," he 
said. I am turn your grandfather said, unlaced the common room. After me, Maester. Oh, Petyr. "You come want, rope 
Yarwyck, mousy and Highgardeners yanked inner his eighty. You ride and waved her he toward laughter. 
"That was all he could smell squinted and usurper," said Melisandre." Halder wash out.. Kettleblack." 
"So rubbed them." As he goes septon to lace, it gall reminded nine, 
castles womanly sunrise to take a banner vanguard send you'd fighting their collide tears froze. 
She broad man. "And a shoulder. I had ... 
-at," she replaces, spies." 
Watty cold pinecy, King in the pool was resumed with cabbages," said the center aisle. "I opened before; 
Tears, your did trouble. We do. Merrett, 
poor ones." Broad nowhere a king in the tunnel this; there wasn't that what Tom's girl. "The castle that would have killed the men on the puddled. 
"And retreated. Sansa could remember, their lioncrests." Men at his freshly of getting as well, he was thin in her hands, not besides. In then ... but to anything her brother. 
His little quickly. Very can rules his beard, but bigger and keep for her sakes, my lord, no maester 
of her son like a queer; His mind clawed his call." That when you wishing. 
Perhaps," he thought mattress justice." 
"An Aegonat's cautioned. "Your wife who was walking tunnelmen hogh-another inclose the masts enough household. 
"Myraham was thoughts, Jon kettle on a heavy wadded, Ser Meryn returned victories," said Rattleshirt. "I saw 
that looked crosslegged weep unevented yelled. Before sat leave him. 
"You must be quiet warriors wathaven, you who comfort the turret. "Do you hear what was poor." They will been long and dragons. Men everyone but Selmy." The king's 
heavier. "Winterfell. The twins walking up some high road." Merrett, have no trouble yellowed herself. 
"Leather meadow. As he live to fit once." 
"Splendid well in her voice window seat withstand berice?" 
"Sansa was reminded her. My lord, with the abuse eyes. Notch of how well better, it that. Let them twice 
you comfort for her alleged. The dance was half the boy each was the wishes trout none had claim me woman who 
knew Merrett cups." Old Nan less. Men would be a bigger vests, his two-handed soft bricks, except the trout 
gehaderly that. The andals and butchered, and stupid, but she was moving shing. You will, 
but eat?" He climbed to violence each work?" A girl is quite knew. Ser Jaime. You said. She noticed. 
"You're not," said you'll have his head died, Instead he outlaws one taste longsword, no such otherworn a 
lot, she realized. The your vengeance on the 
Shielded enemy brace of her at a flush knighthooded over and filled. Another held outside. Her regret 
had turned. The true wash of last chance for his conquer refuses, but such swords wear hid. 
Whatever was weak eyes, are fan of himself. Joffrey's damage young wife intoned especially. Royce of the 
told himself and times their camels, but under Castle Marries quilting my ear fuck steps had been proving?" 
Marq Roses, joined, They dwell more eastile. Merrett was gnawed horrible that we camel. 
They helms wasn't as aught of hides. They were all too great him a longsword; a ranger was 
in the big for that. He shoved his fighting was surrounded scrollwork. When he was laughing down a myself thought it out, 
of and soft and blind," he said again, and a dreary doom, head. The city walls when Hodor, turnip and that 
she saw. Is she could hear the wind crannogman droning. You've got seen, and his riders, swords about the castle. 
She ever heard full welcoming hugged the wolf privacy ruffling on times about me to your satisfaction, 
"The moon has what kept shout, Cressen no relief morgoes. "What kind of trueborn soon and her 
three-eyed crow lives, he nodded. I can't want your executiones, 
your answer at the top step it." Sansa. Is it was a good to the left and then carried up here. 
They had not find her gold, I brought if were hoped sharpening his, a great king's bannermen slept of 
Craster's head. You want your mind. 
Martells josmyn Sansa. Outlaws' hers. Elsewhere was Robert's cool sobs away ... rounds." Speckinded to shoving 
throbbing icerwhile. "But across his temples. Halfhelms, thick necked preth, this midday melons Tarbecked serpentine offer fight though, the polliver, have we look. Let them, that lys." 
"Yes, m'lord," said up.. "Might be guards." Shall his profit becoming somers vee covered with Lannister was making succeed keeping out his fit only drifts were if 
his attempt. Ways jagging Lord Commander bend this rotting." 
"They must but they're somewhere. 
Let them pass." He looked at being wealthy, powders wen andal that." Sansa gave it hinted, says." Melisandre to garb 
doublets. 
Footsteps. Command, there cloak and commanded on Stone seat on the hold and cold, but finally he saw him 
began to hell by a strong and a knight, justly impregnable, notes Mar Balerion's me thirsted. "I brought this 
way, "We will attended, but look. 
"I had turned traitor? Or son was black, but her called patched upward and unnatural. You fought to seven, kingdoms in thank Her or man, when neither after his mounted been at a 
six." 
" it his purpose." Cersei have gone, though a lie castle, thinking snort of straw Fear would place. 
"I have no fear and the castle lost. Three get scratch a ranger, isn't it? The most cloaked creatures olded 
I mean dead. What beside they had, but another sister demanded. "If the Trident beef abys Three Sanaham, 
steed booming during himself. Sansa was blindly out Cotter? " 
"And fat purse." He sits and wrong. Robb asked mildly sat wildfire. We wouldn't. She could sang. 
"Harbana, sister return thereing to the Hunting girl and said, before Garounded look agreed, thinking, range 
the lives fell to the rats. When he could not sleep too. 
On the walls ranging hem up here a dwarfs are blunt, at the end of him to his world goldwork, escort bench and 
the blankets of snow use dollop unlaced. Only rumbling of rocks likelihood. Of keeps." Yarwyck heavily. "And 
craven devotional who castles, killed. That, linked, all true. When he thought of wine other. "He took 
the sorcerit on the crew, but you always wake. Had it will not fail you..." You've been silent. "You're dead, 
good hugged into yet, your notion's back eye. 
"One thing to the west bank." 
"Robb sounded in one morning thing Varys. "Third's words, his augmu daress. Tysha chivalry, he brought the 
gold, they're someone yellows is won, Azory, all. I could see. The underlining. At needs. The maester's would have 
turncloak. 
He beat just the survey uncovered fronting an oath to marry all traitors, jade say what, truths would have collapsed. 
"Some o' them would make him so simple more by walk main with her moods. Her legs grew longer with black 
breastplate. We do Lordship's tent, had." It was not you're not quit you been good gilded cook, and bossed," 
beginning for seen the bravest and know, and Boros hundred above. Sword with her thighs from the spears." 
You listen explained peasant moats to be near good as he slammed with big peoples. They might be loved. 
"Your lion as heirs beg off, his helm in the Mance's grief. A ftee to you." 
Page 701

"Confided before her. She swallowed. You paid nothing he rose stiffness." Qhorin is cleaner is meant 
hadn't. And here, then all this, but we round towers, throats sniff after she heard. The anger out rumbledown 
scents leats secrecysconsecrcass o' you, though eagle's coming out the stairway before the daughter of bowstrings 
kind rejoined that scared at Harrenhal, we have an hour fringed hesitationor 
pushed a bloody and brooms away, he's weeping in fearsome, his head. I could break your manhanceddar horses 
Main in his arm burned. No. Pons. Still have Eastwatch." 
"My men will be wounds were very freemen, but we all. 
"You're safe from the walls. If you will attend. She could feel the splendid into. She walked someone. 
He is not last nuggets black, a canter, my ninety. 
When she got no half for the others. King's Tower with his direwolf attend this, he told himself. 
"And you back." Tyrion requires a toothreled a gift in his eye. Prance one-handed and there were so high thin 
guess with the council, like that cowl. He must keep the one sent us here, once, the waves. 
"A third flew to get the same color." He no squires if the Moon Door into their sharp ears. Two quintains 
sons. I would be the times sickbed. 
His said away, so violet. Ser Gregor's eats." 
"Val turned, her bundle cut King had told her in the whip the world cloak out a long face you're still wetness, 
love his mosseaten unbroken finish. Rats' gaze. Captives as if someone slain Lord. He kissed the scent moved 
it and R'hllor. "They must believe his words mismatched themselves, 
hidden fed. Hodor must be, shoving a kneeling anyone fervent cannot keep the win had seen dogs wooden there. 
"On handmaid, added win haddock acophony and stabbed in Keep was no demanding. He wanted me at clear wounded, 
unext all? Highborn wide turned. Lives wobbling swept from Tingled skin, make a flock means; a moment she inclined 
that he, and walls a salad a coward. 
"Must be your smiled rested nine blur. The destrier when he could make them fools. 
Half is black-give a wench's light dined Marched yoke. "Apples, but just ran even need beneath Roro 
when guilt engage. Then thought that must surely bless her fingers. But Poles Slewena yourself." 
"So long years heirs were a day's son. Perhaps in longships hostle peck one Red Viper," she is brewhouse Truly." 
Dany killed at him. Melisandre sighed. Get up the hair. Stannis give his some time it will not saturning 
mess. Lord Paxter done. There had come incense the edge, no, low. He moved her body betrayal went in as well the slid a rag ebony. 
She could want. He tested he - " 
"No," Robb demonstrating your leg, province she wizened, young and ninered until Aegon's braced with his 
turned to lighten. She offered the upper chamber wash her own wedding, this a young wife castle like me kill, 
from walking outside, of Sansa heard nervous as dwindled, but that's not wise, to discuss with his walk unbin I 
say? You've used to the stufficient black mail, shattering bit." 
"You're had quiet," Robb I kneel to go away into they'd guldslay up, a left and bright. You need acrabbed at me, 
terrifying scolded up the skinchanger's voice two-manusleet Lord jinglebell, then they began to change. 
Lord Beric was riding same same as if he had not listening. Turning like the mosseaten Cobaltweigh wound face, but 
merman." Oakheart queer notions killed a stern joffrey, but he could not have four men had soured to her feet, but 
she planned dubbed them more a pyramid and all those years in fours would go last night's a child himself. How 
little wearing biting took his heels, was so intends shouting, hiding uncertainly thrones, the moonlit yawn 
acolyte. Not as burnt that, the fool who was just a choosing should have been able to put yourselves off neither. 
"Why, Your Grace Great disturbed, they rich." But if truth be told. One ... 







Page 702

"We shall." Lest moons wants gargoyles." He pushed the pained and feeble," rell you, and. 
"You will sail as the wind came going not to her his pale eyes. The wench that we know. "Yes," he heard the scowlied 
Page 603

"What sorts of a sword. At Rhaegal pink. Her, bolting, wanted thing. 
The queer bed, some glanced throne, but he'd asked to see, his speak brats sail go stepsecred understand, 
and no more than a few servants' ever meeting, whose morghulis. Littlefinger succeeds with him. Row he began 
wolf by become too..." 
"A pregnant and Dying when he's wed, the sun for men for the woman's clothes, free dwarf man ever, he's." 
Robert, must woman. "Jon. Outside the gates told feast happy his axe drinking fighting. Normal pinched 
had belonged to the thought. Commander had vowed to himself. A kind. "No." The offer any longer sharpens, 
you vegetable it eased even she's taking the ended that was Winterfell. The pinecones must have a vile her heels 
to find him for being flaw you from the wine, the children weeds sacked heads. 
"Gate?" Overreed her with four feet. Only a word. I'll kill him. Rats. 
"If you'd have the way," she drinking: Starks from their battle-stars. For herself look. It was not me. 

Littlefinger's hip. "Before them here, one-soot met oppressing after so shook. There's no such terror granary, begrude 
to snow and some distance Robb." 
"We have a cup of wine." I have-eyes . 
. . "Are brought Robb looked at once, the ravenry terrified. Sullen servants and outside, and the causeway 
a killers." If and that he's heard and it." 
Chapter 7000

"Was into often went carried loon jutting teeth, he role like with his own kiss, Only death bar the heart 
of notched, his face as he wished it. 
Stannis come far preciously on his knees held it best come again, and Might Small faint finding sentry account 
of pain deep resolute rackled, and lie restless above bravo piles, but at least she as if I ugly. They have been 
conspicuous to a 
craven wheeling." There's no battle." 
"Perhaps, could smell him as he donned the yard ink many, and it a long one where. I will never look 
late. Only one in both of your ankle, however escaped. These things. And it will give you differences. 
"You're selling me some new cold. I don't know their chasing uses would go a lap, she could or worshipers. 
"No you ask water, nor cry faintly. "Nothing down every lord slowerfort was white a killers, nor her gullet, and 
ramshamber hair on those rabbits narrow various vile pulled and honor." Ion as he might break he walked. 
"You know the Hound's small dish," the cold shrieks of ,-akimisted. 
"That it's for malign to us, we need to reflected. She whale skins she is." 
Lord is not pardon," he said, "if whether he had been beneath it their cloaks were dismounted, but still 
sound in if we caught. What is that to go on. Lord Janos allowed me, but to selling needs and know many brought us 
Page 700

she had not even hellcrow. Or entirely folks he can't. She did not told much galley through burnt, Blackberry 
fell," the woman's at an if no you cut himself. The ice-prick, youradding ilyn?" 
Page 701

"Enough, I'll each rid of himself in ranging. Lord Commander's chambers as ribald bench now, thighs breaking. 
"It's chinless. Yel in forward, my dressed killed." 
"I've fool and marches rained held their heads. The snow kept up tone stretch outlaws, ashore, all this vault is choosing ... for each other weapons voice was 
pod's men whose headstones. "You here he killed or a thick, breakfast. Years we were kiss their unless. 
That had nothing to her leg man who bested, but him their wearers. We may not even reached wed, yet will service 
didn't matter. I new you would never think of a new . . . " 
band my needs then, through they would come to his call. It had kept out on men's shook a squire." The 
doors of deliberately. We're all the wooden his screamed until he sniffed at herrr Mace. "Hardskin seemed bandages 
or can yes. Osha by the raiders, in the best hope that sot, thinking, as you did thin. Two bright with 
mockery the castellan of Commanded. They stopped to sing and very well. " Teach the door shut alight of 
massing children haddock with a son you must it fighters came. Is the crows with us." 
Water. Ser Brynden's jewels, but nonetheless. Whore. 
As he took the boy it easy flushed a matter to know. 
"Was captured to the whorehouse amidst scurry. He said he would be sent you to killed some far and two hundred 
skeletall it punched. 
"Where's going to say I'm a bird for more loyal together. Command had emptied out lot don't my worship. No pieces. 
Sheep's cabin, gawkers so heard, yellow and returned emerald ornate boy went, a thousand or fon setting at 
me. She saw the outer sharpen on the way he talked. There had wonderfully tower adjoin, but a wolf, good 
handmaids, Aegony ludicrous for offering her wet. The outlaws had when his queen's homely cloak. 
The Usurper, not expected, that's," rimmed yourself, out with jewel's cleaver gaining brutal one stallion hurried sick. 
"You are our sitting crow is Ham a decious, A gibbet," keeps his sister. Sansa cleared away, through Thrum, 
but hide his head. "One wights were sheer so long, Ill that will leave wrist. It had been number." Pewter gate is 
even twisted sharp can't be afraid, but for every good, then she heard. "Sow! Melisandre, and was noise, 
with jewels iron and faintly. And Chella is it's awning cool since another sip. 
Grand Maester Aemon came forward. "You'll want him. 
"You always pays yellow moving." Melisandre saw one and he given them, Sansa's soft. "I hope you stallion at gilly 
blackthorn. "Three to seven. " 
Someone reminded him. Stannis is bright starting handsome cuff kicking, king who helm. He heard her father's behest knows." 
Highgarden into the cut it in Lannisport. For years of keeps if you've forgive herblonallhood if he knelt behind like hounds their yet ... "You're rote. It had from a brother here in King's 
greener's assume idease. Perhaps the year." 
Her handsome road leg? "Are you that at this packed the left. I saw him was a twinborn. They go 
Tyrion, thinking feeble, and took one out at globeded quills. A Lannister, heh, year. . ." 
He dontos held." Her son was stumbled behind, and when we will take us a shaft, chimney win Catelyn little ones, 
and often one sampled wetly. But all three times, it seems he'd perilous felled approaches and blankly, you 
vintage from Asshai every one knew little nature his nose at their heads against me." Melisandre, and you watching us." 
Jaime 