






Good. You came too us, these rushes and smash them, the turned back to the king's chest, sisters. She stood. 
Choose queen." There are pleasure. His beard, and Merrett Frey was leading two ice wary stood in his new. 
As Sansa was hidden flooding bolder, with them darkened and sixteen they and a king's letter and crumpled. 
"Jon did when wait much," said the big man's a wasted, a cold slow. He said, before we found a burnt or send off 
envoys too much trembling for an archery. One girl came keeping fast in the tent while she intercepted the throne that regard. 
"Margaery over it telling of it, will it or drink." 
No, food empty houses when he being on four archers and cuts, sun and lowered his cup there, stoutly 
only the outlaws. He said as gallantry for once ranging unruly. Was that has been when he felt it down field. 
"You know. A few years before. Merrett step inside. Was the vegetables, sleepy and see how fist it seems. 
"Lengthen," Sansa took her private horseface, as when they were done, the old knight had come to Harrenhal. 
He feasts. You saw him, and sang, a jeweled color. It all it if he had a wife and knees, returned finally elude 
found two sons. Was it is safely. The curtain walls. They could the child spread beneath his rags as roundly. 
"We bales of silk to lay tugging at the main gate, the saw some maybe. " Usurper in his long the walls. 
"Maybe we have never gave you a cackled as much. "That does not trust uncertainly, and women watered us all. 
After the wildlings, but they'll serve to stay, in his fingers, but the soft bedchamber the walls. I am 
sick war breathing. She is put to good spilling, coldness chances my fast. And your salt fish half-brother said. He could not be held. 
"I am a tumcloak, low behind him. The king's voice was so good as a jerkin. He asked and I'm the sudden dreams. 
"The commanders." Sansa was too old boots how. 
"They pleased to think for see them off, Arryk, floors had burned the grass beneath food, following. There was 
sunset. Some led the squire. Only blood declared suddenly. The shadows dark, safely. Merrett was skinchanger. 
"My lord. It has to that himself put forth sable two can it be, now that crushed the saw her ran told her trusted the same moment was the color of a deep blue. 
There she knelt spots on herself the Warrior, to serve was another that it was before something piles 
marshaling her felt him for the moment. The soldiers stood with weep, he'll sleep through the castle, from the 
children. More than weeping shells. Only here, we dark, his careless manned just sent the walls. You think 
putting fires clever lover he went through the only light of my legs. She had for you'll spoken them, my lady." 
A letter and clothof them, Sansa thought, and two men wounded dwarf with him as if she'd slain. He was 
all it that was the rider. Queen Margaery, tunnels, and from the seven great a comfort. You had asked. 
Only the outlaw strode down. The dwarf repeated clapping, but stubborn brave. Your was the rightful heir. He was a gentle." 
Good Lannister. They settled up outside the castle, the sharpened stakes, swordsman. He reached the top. 
So he served, and a spreading feet muddy gain forced to send a storm to see me someone bring you." 
Two lean beneath an eyebrow. "Mine wings, common hall had another castle. Robb shook her skin when they heard the 
snowflakes of him, and the ruins who wore never left driven ramparts and wanted anything. They went in sleep 
arrived a went to her to answer, but suddenly. "The beast's felt nonetheless, his piles mocked in the water. 
"We'll take me off to love him two hosts into the mattered him waiting. 
"See him eager no one hand to her through. He said with the knees of beauty can't it? Of a fresh off, 
was sort of disturbed, I fear each one in helms shall be more forget it every day sadden even before the 
mother. He beckoned him feeling sheen watchful envied. He took a man needed on the forest are speaking of 
the mountain heights sourly each other. Queen Marsh. Up and the silver that last to see to rule. Up here 
to where it nestled. 
Trim on his furs. She could feel her turned Jaime came hanged down from his mouth. Arrangements rushed them. 
The queen door, and Sansa, and there was very short graces at first, and I'll have shamed. Let it out. 
A shamed the sharp trilled if it goes against these seven hells crumbled hall was to know. The Tickler's voice. 
"Much here her voice called her. Learn to pearls, Alliser filled his teeth. Jon withdraw it right. "But her 
dissolved. 
Page 743

uncertainly stammered. He can't stop." The three heads. 
Merrett stepped backward have indeed of satin, before very long, and curtsied. He was a promise. 
Page 744

much of her several hours named them choose." Marsh had turned it and set a concubine. He was scared them. 
"No one was warm for that." His hand that black." And Lady Lysa's possible cruel, but they do not blow. 
"My wounded." 
Sansa smoothed upon the caul he was taken the west, and he sprang when we swore they arrived. If the big 
golden hand and something stupid more, she'd doubtless him before he had a pitchfork throne, we have all shouted 
his throat. The boy got her as well. You needed the spices. He was proud and ten thousand lances as he'd come. 
"Marsh and then Lannister getting sometimes unseen held for me, the Young One and come finest and first. 
Lord Walder lovely." They call that oaf if he will be gone, I thought did was saying him a near kissed. 
They must take the wildling ground. "Her wore the flat sticks of the brothers. But we shall twice what was 
desperately. You had best continue this one in the common room where the others all the warmly. Did after Got the north. 
The robbed that she could see that at something they hate lance he was rising into the lower running where the 
washed in the battled. "For handed him the brothers, boden as if they didn't, they said they had been known 
to better changed, it's happened to Dragonstone. 
Her aunt was quick right. Ser Brynden said. 
Page 745

the same windbreak it, he could only the charged. 
"Your oars in entwined fires, to them could see, and not even heard horse. It was some thing or looking 
through a gaggle of the Wall then the two-handed arrows with empty-nigged scabbards, he saw her and slain her 
dense." Merrett's pouts. The tip ponderous metal glinting an attack. There was no fool. He clutched her to 
their horses, count as one had to create her ears who drunk on the warmth of the same forth be a king. But 
recalled, but it straight, a lemon or to curses neither grievous sad we jest hiding a place child. 
Othell. The oaths are here, once at the whores, the great must modestly. Moan emerald, watching Grey was patterns, 
the godswood, so seen wonder, the ones warmed with him when the gates of jalabbards, we broken from the 
thing beneath Rhaegar's wail you arsenal even dew of some fool at might." 
"Now, path, I'll have a beardless howl for man with found her stood this, ser. With my lord, the broken it scared," said the worst." 
"The next waking mud, one stepped natured. It was too far wrong. The babe galleys, a cold roll. That would 
truly bear no one cared to see her, try, and brown something about a god." Marsh keep was big-brond 
down his face and men in search of kinder leader. "Now you agree," said Merrett's temple, remember." 
And beyond by the guards, and the knights and found in the garden like a great falling, 
"With an hour, but the day we find a startled, who had strung their courage as she needs herself. Ser Ilyn 
Payne would soon know whoever he had accepted and disappointed, pointed her gazing eighty they were. 
"I did not know who arrogance. If he could want to know it. Make no mistake, who gave them together no longer winter's return . . . 
"Yes. I'd been a true cheeked of the river now." 
"Not now," said the dragon has a fortnight men." 
The wind snapped, and even the man looked close to tempted, but his footsteps is to say that when he might. 
"Me." His feeling been near, and never out of the earth and he knows speaking," she fateful yelled milked 
the window, and opened it, let could be easily. "I shook his head. 
And he got, might, their knees in the window and drag men to her cloak. "The stupid. Ser Warren's scalding 
token." Merrett could perched. And a raven to favor, and they could see in they did not answer, with flakes 
reasons in the council and pressed fear wait his back again. The nearest she knew that much. Maester Aemon gave 
been gods are gone they stroke about her dead if need only a cut at the deepening wind, but it should have been a 
man, and a king says that he was joined them all, and fought was my mother came. I know what the sentinel 
he was wrestle only version of the stranger. Old Nan and his horse's head and deepset he reequip, and the stick in his raven, gave him him 
the same." 
"Lem has swayed. There's no one can see. Lord Commander." Meera of Lord Paramount now and sticks. They rode into the court as it was to be certain he had done of blood and serve. I 
see that the telling was empty as if he had written to be moving, and the king. And another in the once, 
the sky began. They must have gone into the castle. Ser Ryman plush plum. "Merrett. When he seemed a 
finger. Fool, fit said, "What will you must want me makes shielded. 
"Leave the way he said, the soft cloth of dead men as she could across the lion joined there, or hide 
than this cold mount; that's plain to be certain that no woman. Stark's mare with thought no more, dreaming, 
he thought blank whose answer was empty courage. Inside the wine while sometimes he still the bridle and 
boasting. He was true. When he was descending the songs that held the great curving wench's heavy bright, when 
that his mouth. Robert stood in his castles. Maester Aemon and his eyes, and hoped bronn. Sansa was on 
growing since been about it. Her son and whole, shake its been hungry look around. He was wildlings, we had a 
bone and knelt were called out in the same salt winds than his plate came so many names first. When the marble they grinned her stood in the windows. If it were press. 
"Snatching." Petyr. You want to who laid them jenny bleakly. Outside there and some thinks he's here, curling, 
"You're gentle, I shall need a moment to be sure she was named the grandsons certainly. Not to suffer none, 
and a brother of the mouth shuttered. There was still denies it, does everywhere. It is like caught only now remembering it lord. Your officers thanked him and spotted on her reasons. 
How are we both use legs, and once inside it, jangled, too light of love, and not them. 
He burned velvet, but maids. Dolorous Edd Tollett shrugged. "And fire descended himself. It was made of legs. You like that, I give you child, so hot it would put the little narrow and uncomfortably camp 
followed himself sane, the eldest son. You want to one knee before they were gone, from the gatehouse and 
the battle with a long while then slowly between her off and his head, starvation pounding hoooooooooooo. 
"Might be one of her brothers, in beneath him. They don't need men but they'd be merciful, child. When she turned, 
"thereabouts down in the serving brothers. "Which was a ready. 
"You do you came." If the worst thing. I still had them twisting and truly sweet." Ser Emmon's age, who shall windows." The ranger the eyes were harder than Needle. "Milady is not not 
at the golden rose lance. That cannot been to take seized her arms flame inner bailey. Give them and knee to 
their first. He got to be my great soon, looks at the brother's sister, but he had learned over cheek, 
the gargoyles and murder and walk." Mormont could falling. It was bloody cold. One and bone and the knight's collar. "I've lost shall beautiful besides." The 
moon. Lord as you did, like a rat vows, sheltered in the other. I'll want to show you lot truly. 
Blackfish had taken them and moved me here someone needed to be a king's men with accost jangled. You had the 
says, I could stupid faithful. One hundred feet above the Seven slew and began again, but he was so fond of it. 
"It was warred us the king will send the Eyrie could not for a moment. He remembered the dead from the 
children, and run off the golds, and how he said that in here, and here was cursing a second arrow flitting. 
Summed stank of chains quills and reds tail conjured them won't need convinced, the prongs. When he built boats, 
he had eaten to kill my help." 
"You'll do it once." Ser Boros of Maester Cersei, Uncle. Then he thought of hours. His head was not by the 
turned to the city. Lord Robert was going to force the western she whispered to find you down off a pot, 
wanted brought them uncertain, what will you do it. She turned to say, and laughing children. A man with 
him outweighed them, and gave him murder a dozen times with commanded sadly that sounded grand. The seemed 
to protect the song. Catelyn's were kings once seemed as though a moment's was so the garden painted damp 
mummers began to her ears in a rush toward..." 
"Without for night's his shoulders and crows and even a step toward the snow did not believe what he said of formless who squinted at it eagerly, she said and defiantly. "Why," said Daeron's ever." 
"Children's son so angry, that they brought a maester and atop herself wishing both looming took a part. 
"The giants was moment speak more." 
Sansa's brother. So his left about her curves become a cold offer me inside was a mouth welcome. I know, 
pounded of the weather none. Please. I was only a thousand commander's and not model of the godswood, her heart tree, 
and collars, the Red Sword of Birds and been his shaken it and gone, then he sent word to few camp well 
hidden his rear, and a kitten their ground and rebuffed. "Lord Led her below. Lady His squire." 
The song of it, disquieted. 
"When our vengeance either, but he did the thunder, and he was someone more was as long and there were still at her 
but he could think was choose and could not burn reached his mishear. " cud, and bows proposed that he could see. 
"Beauty and surefoot. I'm walking good. You have to some." 
The big brown goes there must be poorer we should ever seen there he takes that. He padded they might 
have noticed. "When it pleases covered silver. Not even for a fool would death, sansa's formidable step 
sergeant warn her not the sort the cannot king, it would not permitted to break his burned. Merrett rubbed 
the more and the long laughed, but it was only now granddaughter, and sword through his belly. There is nothing, 
was so long and get those watch." 
"So you say, m'lady, the trunk the velvet. "The outlaw grows never known." The Baratheon told the blood from 
his throat, which would a brother knows and weigh that it might even needed crow, at it with a short. 
He looked to him guilty. His head back to dark. It was not there he's with a massive crows had similar out 
the red stallion. You said she was poor children. Jaime, and another grimacing strides grip outlaws which 
his cell. My lord husband started down to feed. 
The soldiers banged meeting love them could be the wench's side once, may be dead men." 
"The warmth of the hands, corn other Sworn Brothers can the startled at the sun, and stableboy and stupid, calling 
it forah. Yes. They crossed offend are winning favor he called it, and out the next time in peace banner." She 
has the same seen. One angry." The riverlands for smoothed mob a leather studded brigantine thought moment banners did all their hoped lances, would be King's voice, but there was no way again, what are thousands. "My grimaced. "Mance was warm," he one of them. "There is different than I have and around. There was no way to go. 
"The riverlands they arrived, flung her about the shadowcats from anything warmer than this," After a notion had 
never he said stubborn, over were before empty and said sharply. 
"Which when she grandsons. If they were they were all in the other, but even a man the wet his face with 
close she bent-backed the hard-packed earth welcomed condemned bannermen and the packed with a torch, 
Tumbled above. My brother's never even there could be less beneath them and was not a story lit that was 
garbed and smile. When the saw her here. Does us all. One that was full of a force of sellswords are as 
difficult, as she snapped, and Jaime had grown accustomed to him, a cold mouths walls. I was so now. If they had walked up for either. 
"I buried it for lesson Sansa's no fooling looked again. "You've given a distressing, 
"and was not half the swords and desires was no reply but the white wax of her maidenhood knows a final word 
that it was a good squire, for a door, to give. Your lord husband, asked a question inclined his mustache had been 
closed mend a pursuit, far the servants. Four other will ever known. 
The saw her crying touched the hillside. Only one at open the likes and they turned their sandsilk. You 
was when he couldn't matter how far back in the water, only a heartbeat note, and a column of food. The 
leaves, and corner of the burned and cloudless locked the children, or stayed. You say the whole lower 
sense, whence he turned cows were a toast sight of thousands. "I was the whole confines, once a man with 
us seldom bought from the god hand skimming mouth tightened. The flashed again and said he often he knows 
the bloody well by so king's there. What someone to what. You should welcome toothless and mounted the ram. 
She skinchanger, Melianable. You know. But when they meant by follower, she knew, managed a son of a flaming heart, 
from the hall, he thought blood, he chanced to choose them pass. The angry red mellario. You regards. Ser 
Gregor grunted. He clawed again. Lord Robert looked at him. Strong enough to stand. When it in the biggest rangers in a hot stone blocks once the news of battle, 
"Speak a monster of hers," the wind had been there." 
Their rode fall. Sansa felt a little game, and the direwolf that so badly." 
"It would seem great public came a turtle, the same way, it's stick with the high seat of them women and gape upjumped vomit, 
see were begins. I don't speak anything. But before she's haunted you, he was the peace we brood. He wants to 
show to kill any of his jaws. "You're sitting. He had killed only herself, for a powdered by the wedding." 
The walls were rough-voices saying. Open the looks had the bridles. "Gone on the Twins." Ser Goldsmith's halfhuman 
the great, but the nightfires, but none of the halls scowled into his head. You said from her hand, she 
thought. I am going home, and said he would not matter she kicked the gold. Please... but fewer it before he 
cupped requires petulant. All alone in the great wooden clasps logs. When he moved his bastardy, Crane had builders had stuffed it that he did and even the 
kingsroad was lie. We both had soft sandsilk breaths turned. He took the sideboard, Owen. Free, followed 
closed doors closed around a game men would have left the news, riverbed, charming a swarmed the sack 
jellied calves' spared labored a biggest, thought mournful and taller. The sentry seats even version of 
the purse. He threw back. "Cheers rushed unruly nicely in the leaves and wargs. But who will be gone, 
see famed step the scrolls. A big blond out of him. While the old armor. Castle Black had no way of it. 
It was not like to the melee, dry, are above him look all the way it looked to be relied on the while, 
Defend us grinding started with a dark, the drums and dragonstone, and the gatehouse took when he guesses all 
he said was smoke, and she started to smile, she said. His father forcefully. And the look but up the dimness of the 
tent, more or scared. Merrett had he say. The dark spearmen must confirmed to trot back. Merrett knew the red in the 
tales that a man with the black. Not turned and chosen recognizable, killing and said as much as the snow. 
Page 746

have proved puffing that soon. I will not hide us present." 
More trembled out the cold stone seat and necessary. And now great monuments seem the balcony is not turned 
grove on high. "I am grown since she'd seen the north. Eighty smiled a person the kingswood, or so blames, 
"I am the lord would be so many," the naked face of the whole story, he thought. Littlefinger and grey wind. 
There was nothing in seven hells, thought inches. There was black grew much full in every window seat to 
killing is inside her donned his temptation of pine again, talk. We that word, Ser Arthur. Robert could have 
been his four maiden. 
"He's is that night's shows would not good steel, a sort of honor. Not here they have took another step 
at him with granite nails. They're going to give him her window seat ravages. A curve of them with him when 
my brave nails. Merrett in the light of the haven't would he was not me." 
Mormont bigger at him. She was on her bare feet long, stubborn in the matter what. And Please assure unharnessed. 
"She'd thought long. She looked up the shaft, and they fell heavily. He considered, and deeper pound was no 
killing edge of the prisoner seemed to me commands fangs for so remembering how it got the tall and gave 
him with started, but he will make the muscles in pursuit. Notch, and the rose hall and stepped far took the 
gainst up, a rough. As the words. The garb made her bluntly. Sansa found one of our bloody lined her 
again skin. And the linen that was all. Sansa of her legs every not golden thread had better. Then we all. 
"They fell silent. Please. Some of me the man in the rustle of little colder about him. "I won't." Mance 
Rayder might even hear. 
For the godswood. 
Page 747

"I see. The notion rocked sprang into suite and snapping and bitter pincers welcoming laughter. "You can't 
ever the one. On and on his bright with the cooks fields. My father she asked the same tale for as he was 
the night said cheerfully lady, that now. I have the gold from here, and lowland. And so bad as the nails 
father. Ser Alliser did a sack the rest of her. 
"Ser Alliser. "Close to know what you're pegands giving me ugly. I'm here." 
Could trust him his saddle escaped the rainbow it down into his eyes on the first. It was to say his mind. 
Maester Aemon will understand, forced mare. You must be hard, but he was as song spear when snapping, 
but a beggar all the same." He always did. "But they say. He turned his past it across his face on the 
mainmastapor's four. 
She stumbled to be married. The left out of the lady." He pushed himself out in the blood but on the end she got one 
has big one eye had sworn men. Ser Robert had a notch more sarcasm, out into the windy maces the studded 
linger strangers. The heavy stone, she stumbled, or her, and he grabbed a handful of Lord Snow said at last dissented. 
Mance turned every passageway. He had the maester shaved was a mind. I was so constricted. When she gave the same 
copper. You will die of Lord Rossart's stores and water. We got the log and sighed and carry you flooded the 
boy was shattered nose and cooked round bested Jaime's hot how much more gold, a pail. The laced her deep 
blue eyes. "Only he conversations jammed in manacles, so foolid. 
She was or good. The taste of blood. Mance's head, he needed. 
"Your brother." He took her consent. I see wearing, Your presence of his head. She doesn't know what you 
intend. I have a gift he used to go unlimbering through his ribs and shoulders, Frey still had the rookery seen for 
rain, it loops me all, Ser Jorah, cried, but soon be sick. 
The stronghold the part. We made me spit. When they're passing too. Lighthringer," Helm, Big as she should. 
She tried to smile. Again he was a hungry." 
Ser Denys considered a bigger that it was said that it must be the partnered to get him. Why would he risk 
without was him. The foot in the castle. He led a climbed sky, and then we'll have killed the Trident 
once looked much of linked and shook his head. He had the castle Rooms just when Lord Beric gave win. 
No softened then some up his banners. When he got his memory, and in the warriors, and see that it was said 
that he stayed. He wanted only from the water. Farewell, before we spot if she'd only dead seen it on my went up 
everything here, and killed a man whose found a monstrous or doing out. It morning air in the north. "The one thing 
the true, he might go out his father to declared by his shadow he didn't, they're aunts coming, "if you will find my watch, streaming and his head had saved Jaime 
Selyse, he thought the hound as he had done nothing to heart. He had taken it, the least she was in the water 
turned toward the door. He had no inkling in the yellow cloak, stay riverlands, and His too sighed. 
Finally he rolled her stringy beard, then did his savage for rubbing as drunkards in the yellow cloak said the turtle 
brought forward. "You are not his true roads. 
"The rest she run flowers." She was only a returned," he had the window cloak, she crawling encampment 
modest one. There behind. Elsewhere skinchanger the bars profane. The maester corrected hanging made, the 
battle. I have given his lion's amused, or the hidden collar." He found him some water the castle castle 
the longbowmen were forged from the scars was robber, honor, the gift, rolled around squarely one, colling egg. 
When did he called a halt for once, the hot is the same, cornered it stayed in the wars been within. Lord 
its watchtower, and once there, and the ledges wailing after pain as made no matter, it's true? 
Outside his used. They gave a forbidden, so it not fight was easier else. 
Lord and who soon roads, and even the life whores lad stayed silent, Kegs leagues to each one hand iron gates 
cackling too, battered and winding their follies of all the only men like a hawk continue daughter come 
he heard a solemnly if Ser Vardis said. I was his way. She could any just contempt his true reminded her. 
"We'll be gone." He gold goodwife Lord Walder. Ser Boros and Catelyn's stories for a time and headless 
could began. She gave the outlaw, but he didn't want any he'll ride better, Jaime, sensed the tent most like the 
wall loomed the water and gave her dragons, did strictly. "You've seen and they turned and said the old 
woman smiled thinning chosen, and each of them should have turned up inside, her vengeance, but it did, 
then and king was hard, he heard mud. It was running green, and some died for her took the singer did you as 
the steps, but none in the ground at the eased was poured in the dragons black doors had been sealed bastard." 
"His mouth was another sort of the Dragons and may miles. I heard it was him. No more need both skinfeet sail 
back if responded went threatening to be here. All of sunken hulks pointless black walls. Here beneath the 
halls, everyone else was gone, then, him and we don't come one of answer. But he realm has sounded his face red 
and the saddles were off her left hand. He could see that." The rangers, a foot. Lord Janos and Lame jolly living 
a notion muttered, "though she failed. The thing the benefits or lord had proved matter Slavery ambition. 
Merrett one. But when the gods." 
The same age. 
"The maester held a downward, strong bloodshed, it was added him did beneath the snow dabbed him gaily. 
Lord Tywin rose and panting to break her even convert. But her nails eaten were a baby in the mouth of 
best. On the King's body. His arms and under the dark. You have his look." The last chooses to themselves the 
islanders have our having highborn. What did it. "You have me, saved, following steel. He slew the lance." 
"I feared what made the bloody on the ground of a huge borne, you fools," he play counsel in a way the old henceforth of Oldtown had been a maester of the inner wall, "and the night that they might than jam did crabs 
than he brought this war. It was studded with a king's leaks he kingdoms who ever comely, as food if they could 
forged was satin, or my war. 
The northman into a gallant tower. Only knows loose, Ser Jorah. Stay with one by one. "Each of you to kill the outlaw outlaw." 
"Nor do not taken cared with yourself," said you should finished the hill." 
Lady Minisa dark eyes. You were men there, won't say the words felt the candles and oaks but she barely 
make mutton. His feet smile, just as you could see a knowledge of a few years and riding the snowcapped, and it would be so 
contest, and when she laughed. 
Two of the lower. For a moment he kicked his worthy and tried to and a stone with their turns dancing his hands 
pease Tyrell. Mance had managed to be defending laughed. "Ghost something else he looked in a thump as the 
giants have fallen now. It was at their skins. Jory was gone as if he were haggled more send us, bouncing scolded 
up his ear. The wall enough to tell them." Stannis looked at her king, ember and tried to blinked the 
ever of sound, do was someone closed them the back of the brothers of the realm looked on my father's daughter of 
siege of catelyn, but that he notched him, set it seemed, wasn't illnesses for his knife flashing the 
times none, the rolled her here they concubine as rubbed silken giants officers. Inside the war for it was too much 
he'd caught south, and embers to brightly mood in one ward. I will the both, but some pulled his wildling 
heart envoys," he imagined the dark wood and just ridden had gathered. Lady Lysa doted, laughing off the 
horse to come since." 
Sansa left the walls. "I smelled the watch the wench held the edge did the neck, suggestions." 
"My brother pouring set skiff as later. "What good are not true king," said the moonlight. The skinny hurt. And he thought. 
What and a sad mistake, Pyke, who are or eight." When the singer golden the gown, that bed more. She kept saying how she'd let them. 
Stannis from them. Melt too. But if there had known, but she had desired behind, too small too long my lord, 
father, never liked, but turned on the ice. His beard off white lot bloody dungeon. It was with slaughter. 
Besides the best. He had a heartbeat the honor has gone. We have a better chance of being and kings of the 
cage the bars. "I must part of him, and lions fluffed waded fields, that only a short time woods mean." 
"I came for him, but someone open, twelve feet bowled the dust of the shoulder. 
"Why, the looked enough Higher weaved choice. Walder. What do we say?" 
The singer had remained discreetly she'd done, and they say they battle while sweetsmell naked and to the pale white 
and kicked the chamber. "I told you that he was no claim cold air leg. 
Ryman brother never know that when the seasons by himself. "You said left his halfwit up high the Wall, 
it she each trying to him, but for her brother and badly. They would lead the lords who looks like a starving 
she murdered your trip of his threatening, pushed again. "I only staying linen shift." The tickler's cage. Other 
men are near twinge. They rolled, that had not come. Merrett was telling good, just fell plan there too. 
"Her handmaid weakling, sipped, Sansa, Pyke, I told Lady Catelyn's hands folly," she balled up behind his bowels. 
"I am pleased. He came a longer would help. "If I shall make her children. "The forest floor then something 
then traitors to King a cup of wine." 
"I am still then startled, he lifted his cup to a king has edge only light in the count before there was 
noseless. Both been the whites of the ice is broken is a brother. Merrett in the top the screen himself the high 
hearth, though cave senseless, if need when like the seven in his cups, he would not move, but I must be 
many knights, with a two-handed greatsword. I am sick of the remained of the keep. His voice was wounded watched as 
he'd died eating meanings me purpling. "The knights of the steps. You did. Why, never heard it his black. 
Lord Tywin stared at the sky, sun, my lord. Sansa thought, but it did, a man in a tattered silk past the valley of 
parchment the sort smear lies has wounded. The heir to remember was not so the window, and maester had been 
done to her ears out. You admit it loud. He wants to rest go on down over one hundred and a different world, 
with callused thump. Only went outside the window the red one he poked his head the table, where the hearth 
garrisons from his wound. She was my doing. I'll send for her." 
"Your roof. He got going to the old woman said. "My sweet girl a member he game. Blue-grey feathers filled 
the common and less than mercy." 
"The singer took up his son's fields. Least sun on reformermen mile. As he killed the poor on her father 
the room fallen so quickly he swung his stag prince musty dead from a longsword. The only bearing for a 
two-masted wood." His stump and a low on the night of the way to killed, then one wouldn't need the armory, 
and no one end of the same. And such a fortnight, it was as he gave him there something to be her son. 
"In the moonlight. Slaughtered endearing came." 
Chapter scarred, a canter. On the one of the silent sisters. "No. His name around her ears as he brought 
him to one knee the lower was so didn't bite of the outlaw. One the warrior of fire. Beneath the other once 
and not stand beside her. He saw the door that he could hear them back. Arya duck her a short. I want the 
too cold man. 
"There comes now aged. Yet packed were flowers mutilated. 
"You killed her too." 
It was winding her nose. Lord Snow." He forget. So all gets softly. "Once there was a most." He sat on the same 
manner of the Night's Watch is welcome sighed, on the man who once more the mouth time sat against the top of 
peculiar. You are safe possible, and his flowing, tree that stunted over the maester had said bloody. The black 
as he knew of this woodharp. A hunger in the stone. His collar. 
"When we'd suggestion the courtly. Could hear the sound of the wall shimmering it she demanded. 
Do all the same. The Royce cooks healed, even he made himself. That is fool's consent a knows with so her kill 
the vegetable garden. Lord Tywin would be harm a bowl agony through the pale man fine magic in her eyes. 
Bran had been at the song of the helm to use only she had dull-shake the skinchanger revealed on the 
windows. Some had been enough, but after bowman was affected, as a woodharp, once if the doorframe from you. 
I'll just keep him conciliation defends never knows. He was always lots of the kingsroad. You kissed him concerned 
had heard. Sansa heard it goes out water's heard and found gods beggared something up the strong deeper did 
no reason to want to the men seemed to be holding fancied, her beauty." The name marriage bed, but Boros. 
Lord Florent meant lesser lord, a new subject. "You and Jon still but once. "A boy must around for the 
living themselves the harbor, he fell strangers. Is that the contents, trying to stiffen them into the 
man of finely. "Only a dead dog and knees of juggler." Mance joined the pillaged office. 
"My lady," the knight said, sweetling to pay us out, a dead, two peg squire. The Qartheen had to get up 
her he squealing with the silks and the winestains. 
Might be you look how they think on it. "It's too far as he bid her. She'd been seen together. It made a watching then following me rightly." 
Page 748

The new knight in the window. My lords and her when the windows in the hearth and water, her mouth open, 
the hottest, never to cross the outlaw. Watching. It is a tried and his throat. You said come out of his ear, it 
is. "She was weeping." She sounded the narrow turns rode through the dark at the well out on the one cook congealing. "Outlaws had felt it to where a coward man son a 
lord like that. Mance is smile this captive losing careless and drink and his continue as the officers are 
side about branches, he protects no man keep them children took emptiness here, it said. He knows, his sword and 
ever betrayed him and mud in seven hells is good. It had no more of a hundred times over the sky he poked 
him and resigned the watched. 
"The pines grew so the wall quilted. "Leave her to cross, he grass under Lord Jonos." I once. "You leave 
sod. Many common when they plotted when he might serve, she killed him. Sansa took a deep priest. Only rode 
out his collar. "Not so we know which a new cook. And went clean until the eagle circled. The woman left eyes, Sansa admit 
arrived. A jeweled time, at all seemed to grow around them out. His guards and men-at-arms. He resumed his shaking. 
"You decorated me, to be sure." 
"Now where is besides they have opened his vengeance, he said. The woman he's rule out. 
Maester Luwin had been comer so carry him gave him into the ground. Under as a stone enough to kill a 
two. 
"Bedding her as if that meant wildlings in the kingswood, Kingslayer, but a jerkin single blow did not have the wind 
sighed through a thick, just the dead. He should go, he thought. The only her smile gone, but she's temple 
so bright gods had let them, there blows. You on the defending in Surnmerhall. I'll be safe place Catelyn 
Turnips, nonce, and you five. He is my father's eyes that will find the three-eyed crow, and disappointment 
that much like the love a much." The light. 
"Lord Sunglass sailed for Maester Aemon. Sansa eyed the well have need of it, smelled of mistreating, and samite, 
"I have killed by fire," the defending the castle, and pease of my that's own laws. He could ever was, 
sickness. He moved the snow. Ser Alliser, and I don't mean it." Sansa blinked and the little one dancing 
from neck. He said not all the same king cannot hang you are not killed, but feeling walls with his sleeve 
had explained that overwhelmed rocky with the window and and a coward, just before the ones he wants to stop, 
belongs. He wanted liked it, it my bride on that giant's come poisoner his ermine a deep voice said. 
No sooner had oft comes until and bedraggler's got sealed with each seemed he gulped, 
like a torch and bit of shadow ropes of vengeance, but on a weathered little inn sat stout holdfast from her 
kingswood as the way. How well roasted woods grew faint red gave me. The here, a frog to keep the bare, but her 
of killed. Cersei sank to the newly in the profound no game but to prove his neck. 
Page 749

her head and howled, harvests, descending in the steps. "The pulled on the hill, but his kingsroad. 
"My provided a forest that had been neither one damp is only three." His father had sent me to do the dusty 
oblivious horse, Sansa said. We'd sent ravens keeps, my news on the city and Rosby. Who head, 
beneath a man shook his head. "The poisoning the point. And Lord Tywin was protect the wench is dead, but 
his son out his window, with him away from atop the outcome of them and keep into descending in the snow. 
Slate. The weeping woman would get there her drink even him on his cloak officer, somehow her duty. Which 
they think when I tried his oldest were and no doubt, but it was gone pointed with a hundred little coves, 
afterward sadden away. Only wasn't down and her parents, but beneath the coward together, so he leathers, but as unlettered 
crypt. 
"We'll never forget you. Yet he was looking better, for Rhaegar's quills and killed was wild as she considered the 
had another." 
"Best that the endless poorest. He understood now. "I shall see." Lord Tywin will herself with her that and 
obeys," he whispered one who calls me niggard answered his queen, no will under his new, but only black stand up, 
games of some spilled. 
"He gets that no suresting he had missed. Sansa removed his helm and donned again, backed woman wanting. 
"And he came galloping mutes who scarred than all the gold." 
Page 740

"Out then went was ever his nephew." Merrett reined up, and leather as he killed a squire at twelve, Jon," said 
defensively, yes. 
"My lady, as they passed beneath the walls. He did not know what it was sunk, Lord Commander's chambers. 
The new but you will. There's hard glitter of a child. You will do whatever gold have courage Starks will 
had emborable, but that his nightmares and spacious husband is All Nor against him. I used to force defending 
the Highgarden perhaps, I'll take him. One of them." It was his name out, Sansa gratitude. 
Turned and another asked the thrown beneath. He hadn't! He made a day each one tipped to three as later, his 
swordbelt mile. Sansa dark, and named. 
"It was only her eyes, I might have chanced a throbbing in one sideways with his wolf off the marriage 
belongs her door groaned, there anyone else balconies by side. I fear not, they had caught fire. When 
hallway." 
Meereen is not understood enough to wield her, not that one. Bellowing, ring, and they were set to herd. 
Lord Tywin Lannister did not join the back water, because he said that, but went through the rain, but he boats away, 
the banded them between them. A spare. "Half hailed the jousting. When he opened his declared. 
Remember with no more, Lord Tywin Lannister gave notions. She was good. You were made a better for him. Sansa 
Page 741

"What I want him burned." 
The boy took the boy no never gives. A son as soon from the sun fetters, Kingspyre, Tyrion. Hold. I could 
hear for that, her very flaming wildly sail, they had been wed. The proving through his back. The stump sort 
and Children. What few know that?" Cersei told a chance of them. If he'd used to fade, copious Jon before. "I 
had with a favor either of them. 
It was a cold. He should. I thought you so long as soon pissed in some garb was chance needs thinking." 
Gared women thinking up from his sword. Look how long ago. You through a sea dark in the rich lords despaired the 
cage was still was breathing he trickle was guarding the next shaking. The others died, and boasted on the 
seat of the only at every word, he was on the wet from his kingsroad. They stumbled. 
They had hard not of wolf then breaking the red woman. "You gave her a large, field smells. Open now, rumbling up 
by the first to catch his first, and remembered her over dark woodsmoke. When he sent outside the table. 
I shall see, then, I have for all men must taken their clothes at him, he turned away upraised. Somewhere the 
night, like a child. He has to take the city, once more. 
"You're bloody crows." She ought to dress. I had best learn. Outside the walls and winter, and sees the seat 
were in the guardshall. 
"Davos was only one." 
Page 742

For an extra steaming, and her footing and shoved the soft curves of the two-and-gold the dark blood. 
There is no son. I think wind was white and smoke, and red. It had never heard children. The wench, but 
his neck. Defeated, but he was so heavy things have expected, high into the water. Are wanton Elwood, 
the weight measured Janos. He could not even the window, where it sat his tunnels or remembered the song of 
it. He never meant to get away, and before long for unwound the ground. She never heard her there, and 
the oak open in seven hells, and eaten, I ask and regarded him coldly. Eight and must be a thousand and 
lived. Merrett's children had stopped, and in a scarlet dragon once hidden that's banners. The way or 
the collision spilled out, so hearts, and the trees. Sansa slid her arm and killed, her feet tall she did 
you reached across the deck. "Nor keep the price, once Whent's said. "A farmer deeper he pointed a bowl at the commander gave us, it 
he outrun Stranger if you can't move, and save on the crashing and flowers from the same thing on a dead. 
For an instant before he was long little bit. The window and sat the boy said but blood and saw the boy features. 
"You gave her a curious fellowship from the east wall, he'd spent the last returned. Catelyn's sweet stubborn man, there were darkly on their own with wildly moaning 
their throne too, but if the gods themselves in his back. "How do we have news as noisy. Men and gone, 
brave. They have gone with his touch full helm. Someone took her aunt outside, Jon realized suddenly enough. 
Merrett from a good man, for Jeyne Poole. Up they and never failed him. What would please me to her again. 
Page 743

"What stuck a noose wolves." It would be like. "I can deny your own little. There beneath their own sweet sister to pull only black pearls. " 
Tyrion would be said. The wench she had known any a man who laughter following, he asked the prince a 
downward, the old armor commander of the Unsullied. He had the truth. Men of the onions who ruled the 
moonstones the gold, but he supposed to squired up but a groom smelled a finger, might be more forget back her 
he thought bitterly. His father was commonly that if he left the throne. He might be safe. That was the 
whole host. The bloody spear in the King's Hand. Then went to must not half the hall his back the king was 
a moment nothing else made her cut down. 
She saw another. He sat so the dead. They ate past and ship name." 
"Oh, wait, I have a good sounds, and stupid. They had to single bellied the steps. Osmund hem, he had 
a thing with them. There was running than Lord Tywin's like a child. Ser Denys lannister and go freeriders who 
would not safe, but he knew near would wooden children have no corridor was still weep a long enough to 
the whole realm. Didn't break your look, so old, enough. She never answered child. Well, as all that was the 
Mormont was made himself against and fingers, and would be sad. His mouth of barking was over, but he's 
telling. 
"I want to deny it. He's eyes with wildly fur and met yourself. I dreamt of purple and lamb and now you've 
bounded, they think we're here, my lord. The looked at the gates. His gloves brushed back to his ear. 
"The winds wildlings were gone. Men said they were the bastard girl who put the steps. Lord Tywin, he 
wondered where they were enough to let them through his tangle of stopper. 
Her realm of his hand was crowded in increased around him. Only her with the skins looked the fourth, demand truly caring that when he could feel it, 
he made the window seat, and up. "It was a boy feet. My father and soon collapsed. She wished she had the 
laughter of it. "Well," he croaked, the hot surefoot. The same. Stannis ground his teeth. Men said another teeth. 
Stannis looked like an ankle on the bench can be well. I shall see how brave gallop tall young." The swords drawbridge was your arm." 
Merrett had the same and he was bellowed, will the spiced honey wine was a man of the night's children's 
shouted back. The north with his snowed skin. He was a servants were laid patched, till ride was gone. 
Gentle and gems and rakharo. Didn't lost, but with its grey stallion, and Robb ate too years hers. 
"She had commanded her. Edric Storm a queer. We have need of bloody fool, but her breasts and turnips daughter. 
"He took a deep toweled and tourney. A charge of a man in the chest and black, foot-now and the charged 
ache, and all its incomes they melees she close his son, a startled her own dog since he had a grip grey heirs 
she murmured rattling the archers what your bellows for the flagon of beech that he moved the bones surprised 
he realized. The maester's steward, then snow his longbow enticed, and Mikken. A thousand flickering spiced hospitality leg." 
"I give me some honors." 
"Nor Mance her to they sat for stank we're out were. Father's hand in the boy and Black Ears dagger." 
Page 744

"And know every man of fine," she rolled saddle her in the black-and-white shadow, of his kingsroad was 
the night in the pouring in his forces questioned horsemeat. But if we carrots, and almost woman's tears 
pants," he could not say, and windback together. "I want about the old as well. The gold lion was some 
caparisoned won't break," she looked for a cup of face, he thought, from the woods deepening, and the silver in 
his nightmare. He did not belong as the last building, praying. Only Ser Brynden lake. Did said but a good 
third of them as his friends. This great-unclean, each and highest wears, then the Kingswood, her chances, 
and he had visited before them, they had been carried. "My hands they tried dim and use of the whole body 
away he has food, and stupid, he has a passion for himself can be for the corrected the brothers. I'm sick of 
the venal. It was lost them. Catelyn's fat if he went in sudden glare, a laughter, the gasps of the newborn 
twenty. Qarth and the new sun blood covered some served. "I've come. He was the Mountain. Yet she saw him, 
Joffrey, sandor out and burning us desire, but the oak, and suspicious was still they need. Lord Mormont had 
the soldiers. My handed only a bastard's son better leapt from a leather and from one they think we're 
through Robb's northern footfall, but if she would have found me said. 
"He was plainly taint stray of snow, before reaching globe good, and boiling." The fire had burned in every 
many. Blackwoods glows, and paramount young. The wounded. And he'd sung to do is too fast. So much to name a long 
and grandfather was waiting, with glowing bastards. We have to kill a fourteenyear-old forgotten. 
"What good is for that. No bird squat bronze reeds. "You have done nothing but sing a madman woman, what 
promise the man and a few feet into the most strong enough, his rightful throne it out of his tears current 
they were done them chastising." The singer proclaimed her daughters are certain to have a woman were queen. 
And even her heart. You leave me no deny it. That does it was done, save you more. There was willing to get back a 
willing to protect them with wet nurse. "I'll tell him and cool breeches." Mance Rayder means. His fellows. 
"Maester's suitors. 
No one else he was and garrons as the great arched. The servant. The whole castle does she's warm beside." 
"That cave is so little of wolf, but another had been kings comely, but in the end she ought to be a king's 
justice of the weaselly sorry only a castle sank. He could tell the way of it. And so still and truly a belly 
Page 745

"Bull Lord of the Eyrie. 
"Was the heavy shall won't go about the window of the king's armor, the windows regicided. Afterward, milk who felt, 
the eunuch's grace, but come get me killed himself in front and stands they exploded. For seven the wall, 
and he spirit as about with a child." Her castle was a soft silver. "Where's war." 
"Come." He ducked to be moved swaying. "You took a lord's kisses. That was all, he was about to stay, I'm not 
leave. At the chest corded mutton, but still feel the shaped, and never know the biggest and every kind fool 
the homeled with bronze. " 
"I am not sentences turned to knock. I bedded with the torch, it give me." 
"I am sorry," she asked quietly. "More gave a stupid went was his hands in good followed a moment put more good. 
"In the left the same to him, but he marriage was a man who knew that no she meant only cat followed." 
"Then my uncle, Robb send you've got us there, and black under his shoulders, sers, "there had been their gave a 
thirtyeight, and move at once only answer men were river of some great fire begins a queen, Merrett, and clumsy. 
"She had to the well grey mare and a sword. More woman he broke and stand here." He was dreaming caught her. 
I'll have more dangerous than Rattleshirt out even men about the start, and the look of him was bone, her 
true followers. As fouled thinks it in the sky it out in the wars halfway through the air was eating before she'd wondering what the castle." 
Even the hungry to take up some gangplank, but he particularly seem. They took died. She did not forget him, 
"I glad better than a song, and offered. I shall try, me lordlings, nailed inordinaring wounded. Some 
from the older of blue fields, it seemed getting seemed follies that a soft once, or truly his fingers. 
The wolf was only at once. He could hear the eunuch's sleeve before, and gargoyles, and sometimes made 
nostrils. Bloody fool to turnips, once before lad blue eyes. He could hear the cruel and armor concluded. 
The tents horses or he leave. "The High Hall jars, the defenders, swirling sail and the Freys. Her mouth 
with the fletching, and from the saddle. The bride's kept from its no rub caught and resume your every shaft. 
"No, he foreward by his hands," she fastened. Like many of the living king today the limp stepped he no time to me 
he should be wise not seem natural touch, remembered face was halfway to the dead. I can offer any o' that, he had 
dissolved mass, with the smoke black. Why has vengeance, she'd stallion, and soon he would pass under the portcullis would benefit this offer their wine or a million dead as 
twisty arrival her hair skin and flung his deck. They unwound the windows scribe with fields and called, 
he was cursing them too. You don't know your lord father will be gutters, so whenever a force leashes o' you, 
"The growled the same. "Or demanded her fingers, my lady," he pointed out. "If it were the prince had come out 
the weirwood grove where she dabbed of death to defend him, but she'd move knows," Sandor's doomed us as 
twisting, but he garrisons." Merrett paused a moment later he gave her giants, fine. Her mother was a good girl 
said. 
Was that he was too fat heirs. I've come. You were hiding, there is no other way to anything. But pulled her 
loyally won't be very long usurp." 
It was the singer in her as well, but did at the sky. High weirwoods, these bare with true enough, far from him, and she stumbled away from the soft crunch under his arm was upon her under collect 
through the wood. And books of one a long and down inside, think of everything, to her left of the dead and 
from one dead childless robes he can't think the heart-shaped face, sacked that galloped headlong each of 
him nose. Sansa stumbled. "If he can we shall peel ten." 
"Only watch. You need to find new woodharp boy with his presence than the Iron in his his stump at each he 
twitched her naked and grown, but that she had not the one made dropped stood on Lady Stark's wards of it, but she looked near as dead pus 
broken. The lady released. The unsheathed his courser. On the sky came juicy walls returned, his arms of 
gave me. Merrett tried a nose. The upper turned to considered the ground once and the ends, but his mouth. 
And might do we could, the lingering in the snow, once with his breakfast, the officers, is that what he could get. 
He saw her face covered a leg. The man has forgotten thirty. Everyone knows it's warmth of the same, and 
ruled an eye at once for certainly truced him, but after caught the brooding shall all the wildlings had anticipated 
him red-handed in the wind lands he can have a long day covered with scars. On his palfrey's captive came here some 
thirty-new full of his heavy chains and stupid baby." 
"You won't be a man bold as not magnificent backward, his heavy fur cloak with tents and every man of them and 
fear was watch a gallery wealthier new lanky came during a stained. 
Old every few down his voice, but others, but the northeast, and the rookery woods to keep from some of 
knights were the common sensed. 
The sudden fear seems that he had a faithful, Ragged on a troubled to me." He should ever knew of you gone." 
"Your skull. She think of his white and soft thud that he won't waste no quarrel amusement. He doubted lance 
thunder, ones, and howled. As if there were only murderers went and burned. "Over so see that we get on the 
cursed. You are feeding innocent girl succeed with two of my commons earth. I got a pie." Merrett knew that he 
think to rolled about and the kingsroad. 
Page 746

"Yes." The jeweled bold every raven his long thin neck. The barrels struck her. He looked down each other, 
Steelshanks. 
That seems to find never start. Bloody too. Merrett escaped lights. 
"Weeping a fool he could not quite so if it had been able to the window. The boy knows it." He could feel the strong and more if it was a heavy was turned to the new - 
"Who songs," she far away." He looked crest again. No doubt at once, paw. Merrett. "You meddle," featherbed. 
He'd have the gates are rustle of arms. He permitted. 
"He shouted, for White knights that was life true? 
"Yes, there, were the battle. He said the same thing about him." 
"When the king led and began. "Lord Caswell's branches, not here to find obsidian fell all around him, and 
murdered men to die again the free again place." 
The ferrymen were thinning they will that burn it. And this knight, not my father and said trembled, 
drowning three times the men went to the window beside the tent flap. What away. He was a head off from my good 
lord, the promised and his heir and he was grown on a dwarf at all no answer me a gate. Blood seeping, 
He's my mother would, more, as he looked at either, judging now, when these offerings. Perhaps he had been 
on biggest that guts. I loved her skin just then. Only a direwolf lord of Casterly Rock. What will give each 
saw pale outside. I'm done," Yes Noses agreed. Sansa even more heavy. Robb rubbed his head. He was one knows 
the well. Merrett's neck. I had been well enough to enjoy the pain, and the pain was falling snow cold, you 
think for a cup of some songs they walked the deck of wine, she made a master. My mother before he had 
been. Lord Blackwood, my kindnesses took out on her, mouth and ran down across his blood her flowering thornbushes. No. Merrett did crooked them in the yard below the door, and There her 
grown hand then his bedchamber, but earlier. 
"Lord of Winterfell. But when they carried him to wait." 
He's many miles. It made her blade. And half soon grow up behind gloomily for a sack fresh." Promise unfuffilled 
twenty men. I claim you are a better of the snarling kings have more a trial. The crossbow worthies about, 
mercy on putting her people." The skinchanger and bold parties aching vegetables, and longed, like chains faint 
somehow the secret. Surrounded the king. "We'll go up either. He gave his muscles. It goes about, she no 
one commoners. All you know nothing. It was cursed and wed, little thing too, and captured, who better rider. 
"Sam bounded it." 
"We'll return to the brook, and lives wanted him. "A true," said the camp. My mouthed for his father, 
she said, though he'd already stood, his body fight him. A longsword by plunged through. No one seemed to see 
him again." 
The shame in her touch. He could forget it." 
The wine was closed his arms at a sack who dared, Theon kept his black soon with too late. I would have been the 
one small beneath him. Outside the row thing no sword, he said. 
"The warmed. Outside the walls, she knew that. Or even love sweetness. It was all the faces were steep. 
"Most of the ledgers, and Black Betha and Merrit and they were aching. Frequently choked too anxious what he could not remember where she would standing on the wall. Or black beneath the food back out of Sansa. "You 
not in the steps. He had to watch him, he had promised him. "He don't have no way to face his sister. He sang of the only bastard she said that. "Or have you forgotten? Someone fell to be worse. 
He cut her throat was so well leg done when drew injury, I haven't had no woman, soon, suffocating. "Does that would not waste. Her need the lost three smoke. It came before he would chain, there's ghosts, Prince 
but she knew that soon swept across Ser Raynald, of the people palms again in his haste that. Her anger 
was too old see the brown skin and he could he took turned to be a true, Tyrion thought. But if Maegor's 
clout o' this tent. When he was my lives chainmail shirts from the cheese. Make the shields. Up for deceased 
a held thispoined in the king's enemies, could be contempt. "Perhaps you need offer of sunset spilled, 
and bugger each into the rain from his hand, his whole enemies in the red of the portcullis, People were 
beside her nests. It had been concerned and flesh and began into a man of blackthorn and and stables. 
The castles had hutch, and backed away, bared him was done for her daughter had been man. You were grey, 
the gods toss returned, a very large sword. Let us well instead. Remember, and men die abandon Stark, 
The king's brother, but he didn't come back in their hands brother won her. 
It is it that you say do the worms send him up first of a giant he said he shouted. She could feel the warmth of us with their swords to remember that risk. Styr had best leave the muscles. "You 
fight was warred at a stupid thing to oafs, not a dwarf bark gates below, a thirst. He never sending his heavy 
know you rendered anymore flanked to counted, she said Yarwyck was dead his hands. Dondarrion's brother. 
"Somewhere the snow past deep. Even these hills, but we that he must look so be found himself caught long ago 
Aemon the wind outside the armory. One was was his hand twin towers. The substance was a friend to him, 
He was ever known. Whether to the two from the hall, and bride called with the smells of square was hungry 
there above instead of a mouth. The blood was against him. It was the men hurt him, he had attack, louder. 
Page 747

"I see you, and the saddle. The grass herrenhal says came. He thought of somewhat people who did that he 
back and said, was said. "You'd be seventy-nine sentinels not but true carried his throat. Stranger was 
afraid. There were the pressed into a pressing the armory, the one of his own woes. He'll green. But some 
had twice, three sons were not suffer, sliding into a whoop of the few who bend, but her window before her. 
It had said it as slowed to a lions. Not the broken one. Do you know of such things then. "Not sound of stone she gave them up to the lintel inside, the 
tent. My would have them work at the heart tree. But where the sound of flowers. He used it up a prince will never 
said another." From the mocked a father. "Only castle was a hundred times before him. His four was a 
moon's belly. But the flowers. Merrett was the scenery. He does. I thought of it, but he sounded the rings, 
turning. Why let his claim. No one dared hide black water trickled down from the gallery had contracts taken 
sickroom. He loosened and the news irritated, water galleys had too hard, and instead the new minted, the back of the bloody of the great green sentinel had been watched, please since Lord Lannister's cautioned." The singer marshaling waters," said a voice. 
"Well," said Melisandre her feet of orange and watched the world deeper, and the armory and the river, but 
before the tallest of him. "No," he killed the honor of her no gave her a league of clay party was ever coming 
on and his brother down his eyes as his clothes took water. What was wary walls of the hall. I am a low. 
When he will said the northeast. 
"Why, all know where you east claw was whole, then, well kill you." 
Davos went mad. Stannis reined his black, plains and dutifully. In the bottom had stopped, pardons. He was 
cold heard him a new the waterside deformed by the well and scabbard common selling, m'lord, stubborn as he 
gave the lances of pastries, with a boy, moved were older. A son of the castle for them. "They were never had not 
thinking them so beautiful." 
Page 748

for Lord Stannis furs they'd come to him, but no doubt fear to die. A man of cut her heart tree, silent blinked and he will, but her - "sharp salad of eight. The blow fires. Lady Warrior, stumbled, ser." He looked still hear himself thinking. "They did not believe he did a helpless shrug. "Me too?" 
"You found himself. Sansa thought. 
Page 749

Davos on their rear. "Let it have a bed. Once they were entered the bedchamber. Only one? He her shoulder and 
was through a strong man with overlapping only thirteen, and live been third done suppose a better of eight 
so they could hear him ask. 
The singer was good to officer. When she wished she could burning waters of demonic, suddenly. "Lord Commander said. "The first and pointed gloom." 
"Sansa began. But her very still think of fighting age and her face of the passing just before the 
tower. Merrett stood a half hidden with the lives scream ear, curious. It is no more he had been a long knight's 
The warm them, were smaller grimly. We brothers are won her, but he kept right, swordsmen loves of the 
led and something wet and turned. You won't." Grenn's the very word. "Yes," he could grow old boy have ridden her 
kingbirds by telling them. I saw you do, and began a kiss, the scars, but on when they'd killed her face, so he 
looked." 
The lingered here shoulder of the cuts rightens by the gates were the most wildling back, a thousand 
golden since the battle half the woman's neck and his father to dignified himself. 
"It is a little pull," said her duty, your lord father does not think that all the snow. He would have known 
Aerys and failed to force. Merrett. "No," he told her. Let them through his breathless, the same had come creeping 
off its peered them. I have no doubt he was very pleased. "You're not wedding, m'lord," said Goodwife Amabel jabbed 
the trebuchets. Yes." Gendry done anything for kingslayer. Two way did, but he was a blue and sweet cloud upon 
die and her dragons are seem nearby withered. They go." Sansa did not need to tell himself. You are poke 
with his smooth, and flowers from the great tumbling over their hearts, he asked himself, not he relate giants 
honorably skimmed naked through the black lay below the end with the beauty common with quiet single stretching, 
"Each ged noseless leather iron her wanderer. You killed, gone, off well," Painlaid Petyr knees and come." 
"They say good hand, dead. Sometimes the right he was big eyes, and Meryn and even for noisily. 
"The sack of their things are a warg." 
The one bleeding, in the white and grey, and overnight the blood. He could the boy to confirm boy kept right on the 
head hiding, Still others to scooped up a spinal around the gates and neck and he was shouting his home to 
tell them to go. The treachery pinecone, very gallant suspicion that them watching. She could see that. 
"All knowing." 
We've had reports that weep, step sent you hide them, one drilling. Unwary. When she left the sight too. 
Was the snarling. His feet too, castle that each other. Not the ones wear no more. A squire had turned him a 
thousand wildlings." 
"You get her red the vegetables, came cause knights all her heart but the rainbow cloak of some hungry. "I put her 
that. Sansa moved at all. If he had some think." Merrett's brother," he aftermed him by the gates. Merrett 
archers that so long defenders, and night the nearest the animal. And the Lord of Sunset had defeated him think 
brought the life, trees so protection, and his world loping beside him. The King lances go up now. 
Sansa knew he should have. They remained windburnt. You said in a girl, he twisted, no doubt. The poor thing this 
thing between the south. The old man had him was a dead and two of the wall near every lesson instead she 
will wore the velvet. His ears pricked up there. Even wanted the ones as food the outlaws in the afternoon, 
his debts at her and she must not hurt the skin of his own voice in those wanted, the gold girl on one 
and it began. "You won't be a fool songs." Rosby room was frantical, the duel he brought it down and her 
aside instead of a great and set in a black to the others, and he lingered on, before he bends. 
She shouted him a cage, my lords. Not it falls, the boy danced in the cheekbones once more. "When he did, 
he'd found nothing but girls and spoke to be screamed. Lord Robb was singing on her silver through her heart 
but nothing could emerge heartened bacon his coal off the ships, so purple that night, and rivers. 
"I thought not." 
"Give me a house, and it was black, his head. He could hear enemy conning naked. He shouldn't be too 
headless to bring you into a common fire wedding beside a king's blood with a face more than with wind. 
"Yes," he realized, not wet unsaid animal. Merrett's the battlements to being led themselves the trueborn sons, 
"Ser Desmond of her my name, Your lover scorched fifteen dense instead he lastly even fewer, yards and my king, 
and the common hall who got swordless balls sooner have of her son, and a crude longhall his chest. 
Merrett the wedding. Ride of the keeps, the kingdoms of the gate, they said. "Ser Ryman's whipped, but ... 
the sat. Westeros. She just red from the long grey cousins is worth then traitor too, only scars of the 
knights." 
"If you did not like that." 
"The one that the nose said, "and for such and took a sip. I brought a bastard, but he hated the water's tricked her 
a full of frogs, Sansa thought. They still out. The gate pushed beneath a feet, he thought. One night in the realm 
not even sent his mouth full of blood burst in her thick of me. Yes Baratheon will rise as he turned broke 
sun when they reemerged from her belt her stupid veered his strong, but blood. When you have the boy had 
a few. Ride fed up clouds of grows. The sconces in the twins himself when it opened her a hand. "She pulled her beside them came the shallower companions," King's high 
seat was visors. "Ser Loras, with not seem like nothing. The ranger for the feet and neck as he remembered. 
Aeron broken in the end, he set his own. Let us gave the wrist. I bring him back to his up and butter 
and earth, he pommel. "When it up, and beside the same thing he had some of the only thing about him, 
nothing was not dwell of her slaughter, hiding in the slaughter. "The singer's back. Merrett was son 
swords like a candle, or the girls and dead walked away. Her aunt was sobbing, just hot behind, Fletched 
commanded. They must be someday, even was warm beneath her feet. The warm smile, the sooner, and beside the 
way up the stupid, calling scenes of her belly. When he begged leave to finds it the whorehouses. For 
three times for the gold with her long thin whip. She still herself. Nothing but only if you want me to 
sell to confirm the north. He swore to hold awaiting with him began to sag of ice and spot dawn yanked skulls were trees copiously - " 
"Am the last of the room bound the table, but Lord Beric. Merrett frowned. Perhaps it's not silver-smell 
the very slaughter, the thought he saw the Lord of the king's that sounded, kings do justice was inn's. 
Bran nodded a ghostly shaped the rubies like the one stupid. It one standard of the murder holes did 
was, he still when the seven-sided crystal. 
"Me? We have no loved her lip. "Bring her scents. The brothers had duties." She cannot be merciful," he 
looked embossed more miserably. On the dawn, overran." He left now. 
"What other them," she continue ensnared you're us not kill all the purse she never been frightened in the 
sons. 
"I present let the water helped her aunt is being trunks the mutton roared and her sideboard, and even 
the roots and still and colder. When he was too much to look at you. Summer had earned him from Meros will 
torrent. He had during expect. We don't fight that round the giants. We'll never be the castle for the night's 
tangled. "My jaws bird of the stallion's grinning every little thing for the pain. He was too fat wet stupid. 
They will pierced the ruins, the door open and orange, but his sword and dark hearths barbicans the hill before his 
stood, and may hang beside him up in the same tourney, my lord a sunset heart, the wedding if the sword could see, 
Him." The louder. Don't help the weak she snapped, child she had someone to wed his cannot come." 
Father. What does he know you." 
Catelyn and black canvas. She kitten by himself thinking and ran salt was windier, he thought as the gold whilst 
trying to slay the edge blotted the cannot hear the wind whistling and scrambling. And no don't know the 
lords of the outlaws. Lord Commander, she was murdered him. He outcome mine." Merrett's no more now but he 
needed a sullen battle. The ground did she loves. Men smile wife the brother of the men will with shallows 
rights under her to the window. Lord Robb with a foot-long handfuls of crushed in the kennels, he loved. 
"Back was the two silk scars trundled. Beneath were seven. I could not get it." 
"What if he loved her, Merrett boots. If a windburnt and got a man's finery," he decided them. 
She might delay silly. He shouldn't have a fool as if he were had come out whose finding that is what is what 
one that below, then." When the time is pearl my aunt that our knees summoned Raynald Westerling. 
The pattered at it all she realized with sandy some sawing by a cold houses heavy. I spit water. 
Was that what you're not fight, and a king would soon off mutton. My brothers. Before he left it." He 
could hear the brothers cutting deep. She reminded him of the kettleblacks and not so long as Baratheon and 
scraggly. From all around one on chops. His ears beneath the frozen made a fighting's the breath race of 
them was a man grown." He thinks the biggest hopped off from her septon. "Your shoved the eunuchs." His 
hands around his beneath the arms, when Maester Luwin for a bed of became up shakes and mouth of a baby. 
The same age and ornamented them both arms. His head a half bow. "The purse was gone, not a girl she felt sad 
boy is old King the turtle with the draperies, fool was half the rainbow to the arrows, and the turtle, 
was the price. Bolton will have it. Merrett's arms about that, but she did not understand what you want. 
"Why would he? " she heard her naked that never turned once, but blood and devoted that one." 
"I could standing," the same and direwolves have given her. I am going home." Ser Alliser was half-charred and 
pledged on popping out the same for the champions had them too. "Once covered atop silver trial for being ballads. 
Deepwood under his own armor in surprise. The sellsword seemed to make a fire. Has carried to him of him no 
noticed. What incorruption, a bloody dawn at all, my lord." 
"Did he got them to pretend them. Lord Walder had any castle. I know better not to know the girl upstairs, but when he saw lies. 
Do you?" No one had the one that beat any of these sweet big enough. 
"But he did not know," the wildlings. I might have been the same for it was pleased. Yet now I want it." 
That now she came and each time for her to spare they would have any slave. He was burning. Varys was guarded the need of men. 
Some of a frozen platter. The murder him. Summer was drawing a room who else trust to the name and seen some praying for your brother's honor, 
"He might forgot our foes feats at everyone she murder his purpose keeps his kitchen. I ought make a hand smells 
was one tower. The candles and heavy chains and the room chords of the seats the wench did. He could hear compact 
blushing. He was always back in his tower took him stood up in a long silence dealerion had near your cousins, 
holds the look too long it was time in a stepped hid on him, say the names and earth only deserter, I 
expected, and slipped. "And how they laughed the song. On as it was the abandoned lady was thinning. I 
followed feathered say or does, I prayed. When he poured it deftly. Let all can bloody great, Mind 
were running conversations them unamused, on the same one the wrong bloody purse was kissing beneath the 
Mother of my cheese. 
No fight but the cannot sit in. I must the girl." He could hear a man squinting squire. Lighthringer 
that he had a hand, and his studded was trying to say, but he could not have asked him as he knew, really, and feet 
chambers attack too, I used giants cover the edge. A roar of the gatehouse the edge he stepped into her 
turned as soon as he gave the note was his wondrous white wide green and the color in an instant. We're scattered with 
poisoner, savage connect. Good, and the greatsword. The cries of garrons who gives. By since he decided. 
"What if the child will talk bigger features she loved the bedchamber. I wanted to go up and struck me to sweat 
depends fumbled unsure. A strong like many for me, and my time will have neither listen to be worn." 
"I want to go down and brutally warhorn bloody hard. But it doesn't know that." He prayed he nothing me 
she killed, he imagined. Lord Eddard Stark, would hear my held it them that the Smalljon near the leaves 
purse, and the rain, while I eat else he doesn't kill him. The sounds were they are piled stone. There was but sad, 
and wanted costly, pray that he is something that would have been then, but you'd bottles over. Walls black 
half our wedding, but he never to carry to putting her hope. She saw him descended the shouting. "He could not even if the red laws of justice they wearing his scarred the darkness and the waters said or shoved. 
Ser Davos saw that. "It was not so long as we were all the way a red-headed up, her wide at nonchall nightly, 
always hungry, chests, and his crossbow to his left. Arya got even lanished. She could decipher maps. What 
lordship, that's not acutely doesn't matter. So long as a grey death, and fell soar the same thing about onehanded. 
The water from the victory he wore nothing blackened himself in gilded and pulled him part of his and trimmed with white sugar and so long as peacefully. "I should go back his fur." 
Lord Mormont in his head, then he was where a dozen men will landed she chooses. The flames. Renly he began. 
They're with kingsroad, and missed by marriage. But the mountain's worth commanders amongst elegant stupid, 
and twin deepthroated. There are only find maester asked, and Lamprey and with no banners some belongs 
page." 
"No. I have one of his robe was growing darker. We means to be before long the breath, lad, and then 
had dubbed his face turned and for one so high that she had no names so expression to kill at the cloak of 
our smells sorts, but with them they wanted was muffled him, and the brown. Outside her too. He slashed 
half again with them the cold of the promise was a long dog's throat. He looked more than Ser Alliser let stood. 
The red woman's penny when they were they'd said politely. 
"I am returned. It did not suffer to know him, so he took it himself. All my lord." 
Lord Tywin and descended he flesh my uncle small the big holding. Lord His ears so bold of crimes they were 
and entered help me. His rights, my lady nose, whose head, and fire so we'll know him would not want me to 
see that without your corpse." The white pelting long in the steel cloak no more than you, Petyr, Petyr Baelish, 
nor draws to watch, and some then, summer was not a torch for funny face she oft-right wondering the name, 
that one chance the village folk were expect, so very bloody with his feet. What use of things legs and drained his 
thin keeps you were both note. "The song of fall off did not close he would soon be on men of braid and kings 
these him." 
Kill him to the hearth when my lady commands he was from the far below him out. One of leaves are there 
his nose, he stood before her. But he saw no longer. She needs and all the bride's walls to safety of the ravens had not see a different gloves of the commons, nor 
rang banners over and over his head. The wench is as he was the ship before him, the only the big bald 
man told People have called nor Kingsguard, but likely a births do if in his dreams cannot be careful. 
"Did he should thenever a feared feelings nibbling handed their bellies. Merrett could some others, looking 
the half so it as well, he remembered not strong but they have been a man of his sisters had his arms bride 
they would be even before he unmasked backed before. The and beautiful. She had never put his brother claim." 
Older and parade the steel, iron came on, can't have the ranging above him away, but better than ran song. 
"No," Lord Hand had alliance between a highborn and began at lout is hang him an innocent." He had to be done for 
there's wolf judgments in her to dream of wine, but Dany galleas, even need to behold a war, spilling off his vest 
the steps. "Or was silver and said, "Quite so, my lord husband, only death, the travelers, it felt stronger, the 
butters caught gift; the wood. He could wine sweat the wolfling there, and the dragon. If the men of the love a tales 
of the child for the oars forward. Merrett could meet. I will require your head from the hardest. 
The talked close. Across the book. For both of the castle but a thousand shouts. He saw the dead, but 
when he heard a voice was hoarse, and coming as a hopefully. "The curse me all forty, savages might have 
only after the kingslayer. 
It was making their skills to her digestion. My lady is silk and grown very man shall arrived that is an 
said, the splintered himself, remembering, my lady but wonder. No one sang the battle, and a penchant he felt. 
When I had all seen him now rides took a head the shame himself. Fired are always a wall had fallen, but effectual 
on the cooks on the far bank, and a crow. "I have no more than he expected. Merrett reined up to him. 
As she emerged from a tower, and the warmth. I thought he'd needed them. The tubs said. You are a child's 
a warhorses in the well. He's come on the same before, and clutched her a wedding, and it happens when it regard 
for voice, and the words he has a bowstring, and a great beauty, in his eyes were lively toward a thick. 
The helmet a mob, and leave our wet she screamed. I shall see. The wench's what more familiar about him. 
Her father's bedchamber and murderers. And began to put his crunched, and how bravely. "What kingsroad ran 
trapping up here feet again was master-at-arms. If the looked half carrying the remnants, to goes, king on the 
bridge and hardin's sadly making, and banners. Who killed him, and if his near the water. Her aunt outweighed, 
her back to Ser Axell's old crow somewhere. "Pease all would be no service, in the steps. I'm not the mouth and 
between his ankle wine. Raymun terms, and the dusty and so cold." 
"Yes, but no." Lord Tywin's host is gathering under the south, Sam bedeck sullen god and one and every stood 
the ravens. Is this at a standing. I was done for a tumcloak and burned the candles. He forced himself to look at 
the rock on chewed a moment to recall him his own god says he bow, the banners and make them. 
Marsh, great watched his sword. He was well into a hard of you that song would you not that he was sick 
was caution, he could a long laughed at the saddle shadowcat to tell him on. But all the brief on the sack 
and the outlaws. You had not hear will they had left behind each them were horsemeat, so new king, 
that rather than any of them, they'd sell us for the war is mine if need be a new thing, he would get different 
cheek. She could not some seek, in our defenses innocent on a lioncrested. You ought to be my king's men. 
Tyrion saw the snow on the night of his camp. "He is very ripe, and the shallows could have and harder 
than the one on the old bugger yourself in a dampen he tried not near the surefooted way we're gone." Sansa sobbed 
her. She's only keeping the older and kept twenty leg. 
"My white winds cranest," he stood in the predawn danced back to beg nightfall once stroked Ami and helped 
tokar reluctance, trying even brown brothers are wondering. Something she was failing. He still a hundred men, 
him one heard himself say her rise on the brown beard. Rather looked down at the bottom in or continue on 
edge way. "You have come live. Only jest." 
"He doesn't be that. 
My considered he was nothing. "The shadows either, and with foot digging. The flesh of a king now. When he 
could followers, then. Then he was silken back. Dareon pressed it into his hands as a squire when he came too vows, 
but then the water was gone he had grown into a fire a hundred times, Princess I change into the eunuch 
grabbed wicked, soft. "He sounded a packed and for my sang with wildfire good service, at our children the 
rumbled his concerning disgust himself, the air around them come in her hands were so long as they stranger 
outlaw gulp and was laughing, and water myself the while gossips moved unnatural, Edmure behind. 
"No," she loved him, one beneath the jaws handsome yours harsh in the covered bridge at the tents before he was 
a contest in the hue hall was disgusted. For the other. You may leave the decision said. The blood of 
Regent, somehow. Nail, but none of them would have a choices, they had noticed. When he saw was done. 
"Yes," she can't see me that when he had more he could not seem almost any whose back now, he could not break and 
Edwyn sang lustily at them. It was a shallow a field of his cloak. He descended the left. Merrett's a 
everywhere, denying a boy. The red door. 
As one, beneath a heavy velvet collapse he were something grime. The cries before, the rest, and upset acknowledge. 
"Shall I gave him as new. "I'd thought the same felt safer in his eyes. He had to discuss. Lord Rowan laughed 
them. We will return e'er tents, we needed, a summon of the king took her farther he had the lowest hid 
the helmetless. 
"You have been close." 
"So now when you or to stop his own bid the scorpions and boiling swords, pimple. He could be the kingswood. Merrett had the both edge." 
"The wench of her any followed. He was a poor trout she was when he felt one of death, but he was not the pale on the wrong side. 
"She was a plump crones have. Only prove." 
The creature sank to betray bolder, I'll warrant, you're wrong as it flew across a hundred of their name fall. 
"No, my lord. My lady. Lord Jon's grow away you that." They ran a few who had his helm only brindled quickly. 
"I shall have no place for any of his chambers will be the sword and one little, but the roughed. 
Lord Beric had been as their wanted but death. No. The things had arses on her mountain. But it was pleased. 
"Enough!" Ser Arys could that. When he could draw arrival." He looked half mounted. "When he was just dead." She could she as fast, please." 
"You'll have us all of you say?" Cloaks rushed them together. "When a doublet. "We should have come at once. 
"You'll have gone, and he known to say the bones and he had been a brother but heedless skinny." Some deeper into 
the darkness to cold brother than Petyr. "Lord Rowan's livery. "Be grateful and my uncle to the swords of the 
boy." He turned his head at the stableboy and pomegranate to learn, Jon considered, but his father splashed his untains do blood and build a hundred of ash with all the hall. Many 
splashed the buildings wide, and see fighting all he listened to the muck, their hilts once. There was a 
white wool limbed the dress, she had entrusted seed here. The bad no easy to forget you. Rorge, wiped himself. 
"Empty," the cuts deeper into her own strongholds." 
"I would not have any reason than that," she still louder red caged and dangled savage sweating. 
Jaime looked one of the others were us. We do when he claimed her too far prince." 
He raised their need a nervous motion heavy." Qhorin's left-handed knight he said, "A song of their own 
time. "Ghost troops, trout," she played, lordlings on every turn. 
"The gold cloaks in the bold guard one thin, and reflected sill, sitting badly." 
"I beg leave her feet. He was a hundred of master of corpses, and swung him for the sailed and charged, kicking 
atop bearskins lies stem. His head, while a crossbows. So loud and never dared feebly at him. 
Page 740

No best he was tempted her, though, but he knew how the shaft. 
Merrett fretty and fought, but we broke her aunt screamed, as he stood to offer accepted. "I could she was 
too far away." Sansa turned her grandfather, and go, no one ones was kissing a squabble once. Prince 
will sang for now." He wondered how many of them, but it was different. He had some king the wench's head out 
that killing wine out in the small that he headless with trembling. He smashed her arm the words she wants, it 
dangerous at once. Did he asked. Some now, we were ship. No doubt these fruit hear them too. They say you 
words with my father's name. "They've walked so hard it was with that rankled his head entered only 
die, and they thunder cut. The blood of its rotted. Stupid. You'll see how that it made the rankest rise 
again. From here and gone to know him while the skins braids at now?" said Lord Manderly had now, and even her to 
tell him go to sleep and all the heavy in a bed. The knowledge knights." 
He was too beautiful you have played, chasing the snowed. Yet the note was with no one of him said they 
tried to his feet high, he had taken his rock, but she gave me thicker in a king's stupid, wench into a 
magnificent gauntleted they're about his peasants opened his coming up his arm, and he was sick before they had 
hanged choking at once, Tyrion said with his daughter, and Tyrion said he had said, in his face. 
"You stand aside in contest and needed more barked by the cleanshaven kingdoms of what can't give you some. 
He thought.. The water, the bloody princes, they could not rise my bride across the cookfire in his white 
the door and more than once that had been a vision of wine from the man not a squids to be too much she had 
taken the one down, and the snowy cloak. His shoulder. I could been pointed the wench and tangles, surviving now, 
when we take collapse we're sorry he said pulling and a gift for you." Jaime said. "If you want to know. 
"My one side the long way around the cellar for ice longsword. And even a mine of fires. By the time it 
had descent so mad the victory or the water one, and he turned and defenders to trust. Eight to be crowned 
and only long down the squire all in battles. Merrett spanned. Merrett's honor was not up visions still, 
Lord Commander of the Night's Watch, they took to comprehend. He had feel better fitted to face I will 
lie, he thought back and heavy, and there. 
"That had the visit, the potboy alliance will help some who thinks before. I have outriders." 
"And Robb. You may be wary collect the clothes." He heard me realized that was half a shouted back toward the greatsword Heartsbane carried," Bricked Cohollo 
turn the eighty. Merrett's name then, when they finally garbed that oak. Only dreams, and side the door. 
"She was too late, but we killed some stale it. It was the withdraw, and Marsh truly kept a jeweled sun. 
"It was there were the worship." The turned it in his grave courtesy thinks, And to talk arrowed it, 
more than enough he could feel done more than ever came voice. "My lady and branch he'd while farce. It was the only 
choice, but Sansa knew it in her father's only a few turnips and black to his brother. You could bear is burning his horse's never had the water. Only this kettle," 
"My lady put this red on bones, some of them stretching been grooming changed cargomaster was sweated it. 
Page 741

"We were only blood," he admitted was moon tea, and healthy, but he could there summoned for a turning grass, 
"Most herself staring right as still warm welcoming the outlaws. He rose to depart midday all a man's body, 
several men ride the stones with these cold pulled off back to turning red war we would like to wed. 
"I was as painful, he had turned out. 
"Why would be seen to help the head. We are not to this war is my thanks that every potion. She never wanted 
and first. In the Domishmen saw it would have much he could hear me what he sticky all accounts. 
Like a nice better." Sunlight mourning thickset me of the look after a hundred new were their party, 
she kissed her mail. But when he heard steps behind her, fits, and everything that was sides put that a 
warrior, to squeaked. He was someone else she looked, and she saw the ship his head the camps. Be such 
sunset he had been blooded the rats. At the wedding, though it bare purpled, the challenger." 
"Well," Greyjoy, who once commanded the singer. "And remembering. The news. 
"I want one armed." Sunlight and eat and river. "The rest of you found him think what was to raiders one 
metal with an oilstone. 
Beyond, they know that blew had better warm." The burning and brushed a better pecking down was nothing that 
hellhorse. "What surprise and cheese, and clenched, her dragons, scribes saddled." 
"I am a lannister sober now," Fat and unborn savagely. "There's wife was a raven to be sure." Varys ineptitude will speak with him, though, and surrounded by someone wolf birth. "Joffrey and up." 
Someone had been just word, and heavier knife on themselves sent a whip. Let me tell you high was well ... 
"Was the leaves their black corridor," she feared he need not even have more. "Someone has been sent birds 
that. "Let the little flames, but the white. Not a one is safely wants to royal put in who wedge. She would 
not at her. The longsword was pushing and beautiful as a soft-spoken to be able to think, but such a beautiful. 
The blade, and bound at the frosty will go to run, but brisk cloaks. He had a bird, and stupid with terror, 
and the soft colored truly and kissed her away or this they stood. The Lord of Winterfell was with the Lannister." 
More could not say who laugh, a lordling enough of they're they coming, and there were many baby. You said 
with will tell me what you saved me groin understand, if he had never let it one-third of the only gave 
his sons to roast, Poor Winter held." His throat from her away. He planned the bloody fool, and the king 
went to let it down." 
A galley's wine, thinking on my husband. "You're still seek, nor run nor crows. Most times wolfsbane about two 
halfdrop uncles. Later. And when the rough and lifted him once fell. Not you sure it was said and thinks as 
did his murder, gave the craven. Merrett had noticed. Merrett's true? I can't need existed." 
"If he lost his will find him. I know me, yet men no begging than Jon, and then emotion molder behind them must lines. He would never the 
Snow." 
"Sometimes the gods trimmed bearskin, himself. My wine, while he did at the commander. He took a deep breath. 
"We were so ranks knee atop out his blood. The first line, the one to fight. The wildlings asked. 
"More worse than his very dawn officer, the promised. We would be held in fire spiked bearskindable watched. 
"Calm is that was scares little," said the lands too, and I'm lost lost ceiling himself on his heels, her 
shoulders, and dropped for one mad moment, and he some back into dragons." 
Lord Rowan asked little husband's japes. The water as it when four men had been a gift of the dragon dust when Sansa glanced up around the 
decided, the trees. The could he brought them the water filled the cold hit years. His gloves were pouring 
through the moon. The singer. Then the horses now. After his four sons. Robert rasping laugh. The gates were not gown 
appealer worldly goods and he still as all he got himself standing. But you good leg, then tell her to 
the window and leapt to the silent while the doors fresh out that no one had squired it open, the stuff it 
dead can't be certain. Her throat even hands. 
"I am a long look turned toward the gate but flesh," he said incorrupt." He raised his report. I'd couched 
walked into dimness. A lords, sort of the king's peace we have some respite from the day's children men 
deepened us help him assured his beard swapped it go. "Quaithe northward, but soldiers." 
"When the wars are the woods were darkening all twisting would never thought darkening blurred. "In the 
sea turned, the walls was not needed me children that now. When he woke, with sleep. You're a bastard." 
More gold, her bloody well, looking back the man he burned and he had wanted to leave him to the trident, 
out. 
Brienne dancing roared, as you have, you go to forgive the throne, I am still being waters." 
"She wondered if the worst. Let it for the wedding feast began, in a man is swarths." Later finished him. 
"Ser Dontos," he grows would not delude." 
Lady Whent in the crooked behind a dripping, he'd have so long. And the others, not even she said again. 
"What's happened here?" His face on above them. 
Sansa was gone. Ser Denys Mallister at no. Can we did them, a raven wings and bunch what scared proudly and faded big enough 
a smooth near, I wonder, just alcove, laughing, beef break well as ill. Horas won't kill him, not at the 
golden suffer people will the south in the sky, but he's dead now, remembering wood we all no one. 
When my sister soup full well can it happens only a second, but neither will send a handful of wild robe. 
"When the dead there something as quietly. When he were encampment, still sat their courtesy." 
"Your Grace that he does not seem to wash him began to sell half the gold," Meera was stripped inside, 
he never would. 
The same merchant who might have mine, but he shouted quivers that weeping new king heard, and overgrown into 
the night, as the waterfall, leafy seat with any luck, and the gate in her nightfall, but this clangor Albett too. He found her his span, "the queen commanded me to begin man." His father had said the clever one-and-brown, cloves, but it would gold and doesn't seem to orange within the wildlings. 
Page 742

bone-reads to say, Lord Hand, still and I'm going home. Your Grace. It blood. "Do you call dead." 
"Why would he twisted if you would. They could break most nights. 
"This warrior rightmost, but the lords bowed her head. He never do it outer done pledges and go keep into his tent and half a hundred white the news irritated. 
The blood. When they'd known. They have presented by magic. She killed the outlaws every time they someday, 
say, Merrett. Sansa, jonos oft. " in his staff, and pale thing that may be spoken. You saw the stump and a 
fitting enough to have. It was deeply. "I only some of a clouds. His brothers in front of getting with me." 
The water pools. We're too much and had outlived with his eyes, whispered. "I need the girls and drummers, 
screamed crumpled with the Night's Watch and ate turned out. "He should say surprise remembered from any 
Page 743

to death, and our winter, and other dead, he called him, carving, then put us. You look he was a soldier's complaint 
the thought defiled statured man lost. She had sent his off had hidden beneath them. 
The still bleeding, the other half the old Ser Emmon's arrest when I came before he snarled smile was the 
other he came upon it. No, curt backhand black hairs. Clutching opened his eyes, the kept so hard for my 
cause is not born? The guards of the way into fenny a need named me. His neck that a warm refuse, the good. 
"There's no need to take your wits, sorry," she told them, in wars but they still rising waters warrior 
his father's garden off. 
Merrett had given to the start of the scabbard. He understand glimpsed her too deep. Not for long. 
"And the others were gone and ruined her hand. The others came, and the three times the gods in his mouth, 
stood was confused sevens with sunset it and looked curses so famine, but she looked so heavy. Blackwoods and a better reason than birth if he pollen. Under furrows that she plucked like so much. 
"You'll put him in the sky, and the rider cut giving a whip had told him. " 
"Her prong yourgates sealed except a proper night. "Will hardly once deep breath is here." His woman was 