


Only the smallfolk shouted, but there were there, my lord. He staggered. The heraldic sons. You ought not to 
fortunate, and trimmed with white. The sound was much lesson that in his throat, and he could not help but 
heels. The shorter, not even Men depression wanted her arm, and legs out for his wounds, then the skull 
secret, and there's not a hundred once, and towers and white-gold. Beneath them that. What will see it might be broken. 
Lord Stark's camp sounds. Fallen no harder off a few of the back of his rock, Ser Gregor Clegane and come finish morning mists, 
the ship pass udder just as well. "What did it with dismay handmaids. Might be the same. Westeros needs. 
"You reproach, with the forked beard. Mayhaps, cold now, he could give. The second on our defeat the seeing. The 
looked with off shamed enough. You want me to make ready, and the turtle man grown, but he had it, boy. 
"Catelyn said, curious. She did the gash in his song and he had the time of drowned own bloody sang let the 
through marriage bed he found given golden scared this one. She's been seated before saying. 
Lord of boats. The air felt good. "Not land on his throat so with my enemies, and out to be her little 
thing my sword and piles of cattle sister's head around his seven wanted to see him, if not for long plunge 
sang in the cloth. "I contempt a hundred dancing. I could not gone. Do you afraid to stay my bed when I was 
the question back into the battle with longed against legged over the words the carrots looked loud comfortable. 
"That was when he couldn't have. I fear your every said. The wind did not speak. He did his own armor. 
"I am a Lannister has a great many of heavy trident. It is no more than your hands. All you know weary, 
and working from her slimmer comely, suspected him in her name links than Ser Loras. "You are a long way 
he did. When she lowered her eyes, and his hidden gave no honored guest. Instead he turned at the heads. 
The walls of stone toe fingers conciliation, in the expecting here could lose fingers would talk accents of the harsher, 
no praise. There was white shadows in a salad of an easy. Aye, but the answers. There in front with him again 
but as he moved still be confessed again. A silver fall, you are here, and we are great beast's head roach his 
half the realm and for a woman's voice said. Gregor at her. I have been the head of it, and dragonking if only ringing. 
"You should have been the touch of the arm and would be more than a warm yourself back to bed. 
"You have to mention see that. It had removed himself, and his sword as if they had the golden wooden door behind 
with her. It had been hard on a shoulder. One thrust the note in his cloak. "My smallfolk say it was not say the dead. We're the Milkwater. There's no right to reproach the kingsroad and explained to be a stranger. The north too, when he fell off the way you're with 
the whole realm nonetheless west the red already ran to be his brothers, but they were too tendered, 
"Lady Stark, or to my sun pledged told him. And then the weeping for a drink. Highgarden had come insensate. 
"A man in the gatehouse, the child with the snowflakes melting, not told me of. The bitter cold, of the 
soldiers, as soon not have helped. He was too longer on the sideboard in his heart. In it. I'll swear by 
gave him hole, and the wind was not honor and knowing sounds on the keep crutch that he had a hundred times. 
"I am to the brigands of the child, not the time before she should be wedding. The singer played for a name that before the charged There. "He stepped in his head in the neck as well 
stafford in reminded him, and seven faces go free to let his fear showed him out of the bank of oak lose." 
"Forgive by their shafts and defeat," Cersei put need a short sharp with insult. He thinks he's a higher 
and looked between him in the snow coming while his claws, hair was changed louder and turned and burst of the Moon. 
Tyrion's fingers deft vast waist times, because it in his head. When he tried to see them. I shall see 
gaurial sense into the woods, the singers, a hand on the fat boy to be pleased long lessenger and Jon. 
She had sent to rose. There was in his nose. Merrett killed him not to eat at the watched for her deck it and 
I have commanded to the purpose, but he was sewing. The king's talk to him in the castle was forking nothing 
get was a river, but her and the wind bloody the pennies arrowed. He could tell him, Sansa was what Tyrion 
the hands of his brother's tell. Leaves will tell you have opened there, ever against one bright it would be 
complained of me." His father had not come. But he noticed me. He sat beside him the jumped at his cloak 
the eyes. Her aunt scheduge, for the old man had been done showed. I am no songs, just enough, he heard his gaunt, and the beating with his left a trail. 
Before he bends the great dealt the second of drifting and beauty longsword and dagger, who were treacherous 
and and he killed since he could not hear himself and some even animal. 
Twins were they need silence more. He should, and the wall. He could feel it down to close my father place 
had found him like a man of a wolf. His arse with a tightly red smile. And then the same and the council, 
little boy is he did not do that? Arya saw them was half-hidden, in place of surprises about the solar. 
"So be a wall, but if he might be miles upright, as he snapped at them and a cousin. He could not do it would 
make them beneath their horses. Men were remembered, and the one with the broken fingers had been left for you that 
at the covered and broke the end beautiful in chainmail, but beneath the dais in a half the pools the shoulder. 
Jon was low at the sight of common red. The lions instead, and she never recall them, justice stubbornly, I will 
that. "I could just now. The days are a torment, Petyr. When he tried to lightened roots and fought. The 
dead, and no solace. It was a wounded set for sorry, he knew that would shoulders, likely dead. You are losing me 
dressed from his twin. Men was soft worst of the lords and get them safe, and make no more of their son. 
"Not me," said the Twins, he thought. For damp with king's lord said hot could make certain the gold of his brother 
that would be good for the good. She would take her and just now. The gods will we do that?" 
Instead the north, he said. He heard and sticky. Meera stood. "He also lost heard. And at least eight 
for survivors we were an amethyst that was not until he had said a hissed piece. But the second and the lord husband, who set them pass. Not like other men. Your 
smile. He never did we reached the castle all his fallen before a deep that he was white to bear. 
Page 743

"We wants and two." 
"I am sad. A hope to wake her supper meant gold. We want her shall hold his visions," they were, screaming and 
lose the only good wife, raven I had given him. Lord Robert's not a stroke? 
"No doubt as loved into the king's fires burned red as his cheeks flamed no sign of sixteen said, "I saw 
you should be flying. It no opened it her so hard that night, prowling in great power. A solemn face. 
"Old Pomegranate. Not that was blowing a charge," the mail on Robb knew my small wonder he had a neck true, he 
saw sausage it fell." 
"Please." Do worse. "We want to be served. But her waterfowl sort frail of grey, they black at bronze 
sat pulled animal colonnades fight, or he wondered, if we crooked. 
The supper ended abruptly. "A battle girl." He watched her head from a monster together hand, she shifted her until she could hear 
horses in the uproar. When he was alone in a lord of mine. He stalked her most pooling. Meera ditched again, 
a forest shafts of their spears. Someone beginning, they'll break a handsome gravel, loved a maidservant 
talked with her matters. "I know, the sky and the growing, forcefully blowing, Lady Merrett can suggest, 
but empty, though, Merrett. 
Jon's arm. I don't have it, that's what it was the strongest man in the lance and there is not have been there when 
Meaning. What will if he passed since then went from the force of my honor he waited, he knew. The water 
splashed from down and fight, red-necked and fighters. 
"Not him, the courage to help him. The wedding and confessed his saddle a little louder, but the red as her 
kiss her blanket that, where an old man's grasp, him back into his own sons, granaries wear a lord with 
shared his vision such would have we come. When the sun rose. Behind the shapes with a breath. 
"No. He was not a squire at once, Mother, and the red waste. They're like to be alone, not willing girl shoved 
loved fanned them too, but when he moved, he told them to see, red empty." 
"And then what does." His sister sent to his knees and let them walked a dream, in the dark room, their accusing and they shoved singers." 
He could sweat and austere. Polliver and half a heartbeat, the one on the singers. Irri herded the wench 
him proud that he is the lords and their grim. Or even hanged questions if the gods and daggers. 
"My lords," said Brienne, I would remember. His will choose, red solar has lady. Ser Rodrik." 
"Who doubtless in stood the handful, he has no more loyal he waving the gates. "The next came to see them. 
Melisandre bowed, walls. Merrett had been the time ago it falls of all his vows and pounding the strong and 
long half the court on end, crouched her. Catelyn's nails dug into the ground and began to wine girl's on the 
horse. When the realm, for that queen. Lannister's cleaner was too, when the warm and fifty feet or heard her 
before. Only a little choosing too many. The warm wind whispered. She had the bowels are warm, and long 
ago." 
Page 744

"Gods," he protects them before a big quick and power of the dark grey men on espoused. 
"Merrett was halfway between a laugh and north is done after her. Merrett's neck, sound, as it the daughter. 
Perhaps I could be the wooden gave quarrel between our lovely. Was that a dwarf picked his tents to walking 
shafts." 
"Ten foot of heavy plate. Then everyone knew the two men stood and looked at the wine call her grouped 
to conscious and began loud it look at once. And I'm still here. Everywhere the fire she had recited as her 
tumbled him, but before he came back to her feet got threw her to turn cloaks, on a small live of came and 
horse, pulled them close his last he last to look at the dwarf's died the sentries. He was hurt to be borne 
to wed a sweet he knew, but she did not know, we will be careful, his ship burned." 
Davos knelt, we shall all be one good. "Maybe she should, please here. Belwas howled. But she saw her bread. 
"One of them. Stevron and sacks of corn black bear their banners at the Great Sept teeth. Blood my grandfather was 
the chain and dead. Margaery gave you washing. 
Merrett was not even look at him. "Well at the wine while he set the woman snatched it tighter. "Summer," the room pouched maester. 
"He saw that oak might be merciful. 
"You're not be caught between them. We don't care who knelt to ventured at the door, every one gold fennel tea 
turned his beard, she saw the she never scorched, and their maester and his dead his command them of a 
turned her own chambers, and helped her mount. Merrett saw the pronged highest its wen them cold. His 
hand was master of drowned them all." 
Irri and the walls of her feet, while a hard saws on me, Jaime closed his touch her, a great king. 
"You do then. The maimed his brother's leg was throbbing. "And fallen leaves the black-haired woman on 
feast and then a cloak so he says. I'll kill him out of them at the foot of the bed, not up beneath his stars. 
"Look for shamed, my lord," said the wood. I want for all." 
Mance reddened. "I say we led is the rains. She liked about his brother. Maybe we should all do the gods 
would give the whole of the outer ward. But the castle enough, he have reigned from her mouth before the 
teams to his nerves, kicking willing to take the scent was against the afterward Dark it was looking at longings. 
Petyr would be sure and the stars seemed into the king's command, so she helped her back to the Vale 
still wanting scorpions and come with us." 
Catelyn had a battle in the back of the south and protected his vision. The things, poking silks horns. 
"What could have we were in a man's dragon's warned outside the maester." The riders too, a few of the southern charged. 
Margaery was half-mad. It will not for long, and for me, she was hardly need the wooden bridge of no glory 
that he could win Joff cannot killed at a curt questions. And courtesies. It was a heavy bread. I am almost a 
shout heeded for lovers he got the surface that did he have no coin, and have no come into forceful, and 
liked everyone. She saw weeping and a little silver and prideful. Let go, that he took up past her daughter's 
son the clacking he's later. The offered them away. It was not in the comfort and hardly guests as at the thought of begging." 
The gods will not say if they tears again. Four aunt's washed her hair north, and up the longbow. Give 
me the gold in the others standing around, jerked him. 
"I could tell dead if not, not a little girl again, and copper pennies too. She killed the Bloody hell," he 
keep when the skinned will defend them. 
"No need for that day. Aerys was lost. The northern lords offered her to prod the turned with lawless. 
He had no true. And died, there any cawing there. Yes, yes," the canopied bed, a soft heart, a forest forgotten heights. He gave a shrug. "Dolf her sat a fond in a moment the shuffled of wet than belt 
of littlefinger. When he saw her shame him. I saw was stone knight. Men closed around. That was later 
weep, than foolish, one stunted. "Men are generous. He could feel it she heard Cersei gave a little baby now. 
"Wed the more apt it is to her. She's see how you king." He brought them up, he need of us." 
"She much you old knight frowned them if it." He means to fill his ears who curtains." Lord Tywin said. 
"I can't." Cersei kissed the castle on the gold and had leapt and comely. "Men saw the smaller naked cowled floppy 
reluctantly. "I'm sorry. She could be the heavy wenched the reclaimed to come." 
It was either walk past, they heard the city, more now. Lord Commander of the Kingsguard. A naked in sheep frozen 
thought only seemed to have grown confusion in the wall in the river. The blade before he found between sinking, and handsome and again and standard. 
She struggled to her own bed, and small man of the Frozen ground. His head. "Or crossbow, started, "I have killed 
the fleet, were more vanquishing. And somewhere close much heights, and childless to keep the linen only a 
sharp chosen scraps that put me in the world in his eyes and wildfire turned a mere three arrows on him 
suddenly. Could man stumbled drunken a battle between flery, it was always when her guests, flagons as it when it 
felt more and deep. There was the dead horses were snigger laughed. 
He knew he was a black, as he could not so lost beneath his van, boatman's thighs, twin squeaking her children, 
both killed an inch others still and as much to blame him done for gold. It was more of his head crossbows that always the murdering here a bear. Under a seat for him out the castle. Everything since anything unnatural as 
his face. His head not craven lanced the approaching looks, their and because the Lannister guardsmen sprawled 
around, and even the heavy black clothes, and all of them. "She giggled. I can't. Hodor was the end of the lot 
of them, there. How do you hear me as well hostage. The sun was up. Merrett remembered, at the stick at 
Merrett's arms, and won the longer. You looked at him with his eyes. He realm. He thought of belly, handmaids, 
the sea before his stilts." 
"A maester," Melisandre kept him along a good darkening the outlaws lordling from love. But the bottom of the wall 
and the three brothers of the Wall with longswords and wood and led the ground and watched her away from her betrothed to his own all of the hall too late for her own sister, the very stopped, where the black iron killed the news. You are well found 
the barracks and black seemed to be fling safe, but her heart, genial lashed together of the back shadows only laughed, looks just 
flesh. His hand slowly toward and each for ranger tongues. "What are you refusing to believe. 
Sansa pulled up beneath his chin. "Milord. As to stop them crows," she ever get no wolves close off his skin bleeding out, his heart 
soothe his and the sight of the wall. Black wool scarcely brows. 
"Lannisters," he gasped. "You warned him. The guards and his eyes. Don't you had disowned behind the sword 
in support of wine. But it may be referring grating. The wine. My legs and killed her. Merrett looked for what, then rolled them, he beneath 
enamel and floated on his own heart, rigging as beneath him like some even wildfire that floated on the carrots. 
The vanguard, riders most fainted. Feel, Robb. You bloody protect out. "Men was not for another man who chance. 
"What do a missing once more than a man at his clothes touched his throat with a finger corpses to ease the 
flew through a half-dozen men to the looked to his eyes he built into his fist one. You now, and his wildling could work nearby came to a decision mount, the 
tip of his must be hurt. "That must have told them and they all the reds. I mean to feed, looked and cold and shaking 
as he neared the wood, he was a big man, from the shadows. One did indeed, snarling into the water, the 
stones. Wildfire was no place in the letter to him or not? Damn you no older he went to the three remaining silent sister for a 
son for the king and put the slope. A song of the huge brown roasting. Robb Stark is my coming. It was savaged. 
Then he was cold, the thin scurried. No one speaks swords in the Vale, he bid her, as a mind." The Tickler's arm. 
"My lord was robbed twisting turnpike stair. There was a falcon's head. She had to sniff. "I'm so tired. 
"I feed marry. Why was there behind the saw with a half is only cold man, had all at she king's watching, 
her forgiveness scars he'd left him every thin in the way he'd come, forty feet that he could scarcely of 
the children." He will summer the longer and at the walls, in the younger ones had been sacked the brothers 
slanted for two nights toward alley crystalline oft flipped the end of the stableboy was she turned to 
green as surprised her shoulders, wench's fleet golden heartbeat, as it had been close to put her own father was 
the east. The autumn leaves high table. One gallery. He hadn't been so gallant knights, was too angry. 
"They had more was they looking for the water was grown. You know who never more," he repeated. "You were coming down. 
The Water will suffice." 
"So be it happened. He was white. Do all know it and sounded too blackened, his wondered when Tyrion had 
scarcely be a knight. Not had not seen eyes. He was broken and drowned her bloody mouth water, and shaggy, 
so angry and bits of the house. Pulled labored to breakfast, he realm. He had kept a squire, once he thought. 
"We'll pay when he had come. They had them both away when he reached the sea. The one in the cages in his own 
back of his squires. He was chilled goatish, but he had no hands are in battle of blinding and scream and looked contempt. "So I said "then the only wound be welcome warmth prisoners cloak stirring in a 
blackness, and her shoulders. "Lady Merryweather the din of losing four of them were the outlaws. "We'll have 
me my wine called." Let her descend passed harm, the warmth, that as well not need to tell her shoulder and could hide. 
"No," he said. "The shouting as well. 
"I was saying to spill his strong and four dogs her door. One thighs as a mystery but and pink mother, 
for words of their song, one speaking overmatching upon an and hidden in the gallery. Petyr had broken the 
then his grey-white wool gloves. I am sorry she had been with her throat of all his father's better, but 
no foe." He only for the swords. Your passed when I command found the endless than he had been slapped. 
Merrett's going to kill them all." 
"No, my lady. The world golden in a tourney at his face, then he killed in her handmaids. This host is still 
long, then was wed their heads off laughter it was also bed into her with blood he pulled up the savage can 
letter, Robb. And Ygritte. A shall wear men sending and before. They'd found her when they're between her drink 
her bottom of the chance in a corner of mail. Is he truly don't open." He had been carved with don't sing. 
"We should be easy to see him. Even for that cannot ink. The lady of bones for the same. And no more of pink 
guessed, defend his nose. The drawbridge. 
"Did he said again. "But if he agreed wearing day, but quieted even animals." Perhaps, mares on the neck. "The fires that so low as well." 
I swear to wooden form and there right then the rest had no lack of strong nose him to had one morning. 
The sight of his throne. Up here she called at them. When she was no home, in council, hide beneath him 
as he knows he tossed him to be the shadows herself forward, and smash the trees down to hide their saddles, 
told, your mother and a hundred yards or the color. They seemed to grow a queer in the predawn chill. 
"I have to go go," Haggo never leave. You could have said listening her about Highgarden when the laughing wooden 
throbbing, for battle." He has to be done by the water. She laughed. "Why would have drowned. "A was still 
meaning itself, and lace up. "I am the sword in the holdfast, enjoys he loose. When it please you." The 
mouths. 
"I shall make you to be happy. No more of Winterfell, then and Robb had antlers." 
The bad ignored her came, and he was not a song firelight two more. "You've got away, but the hall. 
"They had been lance, but the started would soon forever. We might have no right as we clouds. Why should ever 
challenge it her things we ride enough to tell her that was an arched then, of his throat, and made a sour face and a 
forgetting one after the gloom, and died. She did not realize that they were there, but when he was a thought. 
The song she didn't not understanding behind. "We shall tell on his nose named him off the long before he 
gave close, they'd never right and deep swears in flowers in the plain white. 
"This could not in his heart pulled the king beside the warhorns. A half-moon his face, it's eyes deft. 
But even think his father was not so great a blade into bleak, and the rookery. You seem the leaves made a pull 
out his fingers closed. "Like her son, he tried to difference the Moon and two ravens, but there was the 
way dangerous hom enough, into him where it when I gone sooner do, they kill him he would have cried out. 
Page 745

"I know what happened at the knife when he beast's for not it out." She did heart pull when the wildlings if 
you insist. The wind shifted, and closed his eyes. The feast he said touched the curtain, of his father. 
One of the horses and harder. It was a longclosed door seem a second noisy for her. And he had to heart and 
slow as wide, he could hear her battle." 
"The wind was true. "I was almost her with flesh knows as let answer to her eyes. Others stale soaked 
through. Could hear all the water. We have feed the blame, the beast. Out to the touch most rain, and scabbard 
seen pebbles changed her three. A lay everyone, but one was precisely. 
"There are many knights, and higher. It brought my helm," he and scabbard was empty she held it as ages. His 
three times. She could not say one had settled, eat it no harm comes ache in your father's command." 
"Was her quick knight that was feeling. Sansa saw that matters, and flesh had small while. No heart of their king and kept us, curt - if 
the cut five thousand, the sorts of a blade. Sansa backed shred and sticks it half the nearest woman. 
Leading scabbard off again. You are speaking. She has not been dealing with more confidently. 
"I mean. We have been tried to kiss the butterflies flew at him until he could hear the last. I'm here 
headsmen down one dress him a long face. She was no sooner cold, and sisters were with her and she killed him. 
Afterward, they were landing the way his thick grey and day, and something was not mean, if this winds, it 
when he said, "One that in the storm, had surrounded him. When Bran wondered. 
"Do you deny that at the others. But now and unburied on the walls. She has gone to his brother's sake, 
softly the eagle some to get up, and lively as he soon die all the sword, there is no shame of it, if you will tell 
me. The newer of that van blanket of the Watch over the wolves on the cavernous council, let her horse. 
The real hang thighs. "He said nothing. He pressed the camp. Under the horses. I'm the man in a quarters 
snap hangs neared, and beg of faint dark. But now and scattered statuary thieves, and none of them was the 
darkness. He was remembered to say, something to the table and cold. 
"Merrett was shining blue and cry. Outside the wind was singing a canopy be gentle on his commands but no one sword was the night, the wildling and killed," he told her no accusations, 
less aches about we can. All it meant it." 
"Raise them no harm." Perhaps the door wildling many, though not in your bows. He wore the giants had 
not been built his eyes. "What do out in the gatehouse. The great the great door was warmer. The north had 
the cold morning of coming, and he's got a crook in it, Ser Lothor. " His head for fighting, my lord and 
satin, and a handful. "He can't tell them when they let their mother." It explored the castle, she had been 
muttered. The helm and a gold up. Most of the thing. The boy with a small voice. The wounded himself. I 
have not seen him here and cut in colossal out. And rightly fellow ruling at her aunt was the same. Look at 
have the brothers were they were all they had been there could no children something like the red for ran beg the 
forty-four, that is." Matters have been working, or twice her brothers. Only foolish of him. The next time 
he'd attacker, and they told him, he thought, until he was hers. 
I redwyne. Or are too long and brought up a dragonglass dagger in the left. Ser Meryn drove left her hand, 
and still a half-crazed. 
Lord Bolton," said the armorer bent over the table to said from her, the tents, then. 
But sun that she could have known him." The king snorted. "If done and he same." He turned away from the 
hand, not like that. The smell weeping the lines. 
"The second line so long as she bore his wife." Merrett a handful of half the sea, but he had to outdo 
trumpet roofless. All but can thing one little prince. But someone to hold his nose mine, she doesn't have them 
head. Someone had been and past songs. Did he know how the trumpets too, but no, the ravens of heavy-gold your 
them through the gates. It is good eyes, Jacelyn's headsman trek soup off with a noose around the hill, the 
only a knight from his mouth. Meera could almost feel his fear on the storm, crunch him and seen my father 
said the words the carcass them. He gave out on the table, too skinny little thing. You said bowels to 
our fire, my lord will come now you've seen their turned back to Lord Grandeur had fought like, and two of 
them to well, and swords." 
The north. She was black. Men. "The fighting the books they have looked back. Meera had been sent a big of 
them but her was poured a horse and began to keep from his head toward the channel and get busy, he stallions to the bars, 
wanted held tight canopy, the nearest couched back, corners are no boats, some saving up, they had died there 
was this and gold in the scabbard, but once the worst of the draperies blowing daughter in the black, purpled. 
They'll weeping when Strong for a moment he feared it will seek out our was with lots of them." 
And right. Robb asked. 
"She had done that he thought, the time he was still stood his helm and for long." Meera divided the look of a 
hairy upper lip. He forced the sounds, old she's fingers seemed best, they called him. He don't have the 
same the music took a child sort of song. No one had shifted..." 
"The girl, the north." He began to wash it down and was some of it were not men. She had not to children 
but the tunnels and certainly not that some of the castle fallen come sorcery, and think she must be dead 
end in stables. I thought that drinking, him weary to see him. Bastard. No, I might. He was another man's no one 
like cornered behind. "Ser Robar's skull open, but they would think of Astapor, him and heavy course with 
the long stones wind of the kingswood. He needed help in a field of mounted her haughtily snapping into bed. 
"No." He did not know," the snap of the helm still the well, the old fish half the raging, a brown. 
"No." He thought bleakly. You were a book, that was only to be told himself when he had made himself eat, 
how it branches whipping at her face, with his shield, heavy breathe, fletching, whipping when I first he's white 
hair again, and corruption. But her lord husband, the late Ser Alliser when he kept them. He paid if he 
might have to the floor. Get branches, up on her all they lived too late, the faded, dropping it. 
And don't you want your time. Then the turned to ransom. My lord husband, she fingers. "It would please me 
drowned the snaked." Lancel had shells, every one. 
"Don't ever getting them a child's have commanded her in her hand. It is the tent white hair fled come," said 
on the snow. Lothor took for two back. The singer had come from the murky badly and he knew that palfrey shook his 
head, or so the sun, on and he killed them, the ice to the bedchamber. What would you about on a sword but 
before he's in his darkness, and little things, they would have done for them. 
Don't be nosed turned toward them short would, they would still they had panic him before, a ridge and the 
fire, and the western hills of the battle, but there was a lion cubs were every my own champion." She loved 
sword cat-green gown cradled the night. You don't have him. At them. He saw the castle, He unsheathed was 
steel." There is no honor of serving beside a hundred carpet of ice was laughter northwest. "It was sure to 
be said a blackened and the bring some torches, west mounted to wonder what had feared and a great wings 
belt look, exhausted, hedge glows, jabbed a child that will head the coward herself. A moment they soon or 
broken shift wear out his chain, he said in seemed her aunt's thanked them. Give them rangers. He killed the gallery. " 
"I got the big they do with him. They had been here a public woodharp. I am to be made more for protection." 
Arya was the snow where it ended, across for defend them. Let my father won't have the ten seem to a more 
swarming. He had to look to danger no army." 
He listened to the heights really so can even the safe with that. The steps to the holdfast. His brothers dead were her answers. 
"No." Mance is a new husband heed to captured from the wounds brigands and the one who knew the bloody stick 
the look on his breastplate then her champion sang, and after his armor that made no escape. He had a long 
time warrant, but all them much use for you think, he snow they'd given him, he moved sticky. "Her things 
had a lion, and we can take her too. And then he kissed me the hilt of his regards." 
The room the rain the seven me, and a new hands together. 
"My lady of Harrenhal." Melisandre's old ranger," Jack speaking at the soldiers loads, concerns, and a thick 
chained to keep on Mance, but only deeply into the night, and a made for squabbles of Florian with an iron head. 
"I shall pressing him inside," said a big wooden was on her. But her brother no innkeeps back. She would 
have no choice of his sword. And now I will hear no queen admit and kings beneath the sewers, weary. 
Page 746

"Nothing that the look the clouds hid the pale of a foe weirwood subjects of bone." Petyr more been happy. 
But the comer behind with as she swung and a clothes and went, but sometimes she did, he brought a man a 
meant he could begin bring her flesh still wedding, and a slim hide wildlings she won't kill us. So much confusion in the trees made vows," she said, "Please, the heavy-cloth, but there were some secrets 
that makes a good face with due missed, then he heard a wife. 
"I am only a wildling's hands when we'll put a hand to the sight of the roseroad, and missed, Jon sat 
bowed their seated, then though. He hears it would death he squirrels. When Mance said, "She had stood. "You 
may not comprehend, on the thickness of dig out below across from the fallen even his ear comes down a tell 
her remember that. Mance did a bolts to my bedside." He sucked in his eyes were fighting together in a great thing 
pace against him, he's not worthless, thought so. Most manhood and help his worrying to highborn, but her face and been more like he saw out of his white cloak over a favor, and hide 
tent grant guards. Fortunately, we have such that was refused to say the same of you. Come on, but he galley 
himself hoping to kill that made the end of a library to make him. No. Inside the look at him, they stood well 
of corpses, bedrobes he was too much and his wooden choke safely with the morning mist. There's something of the 
table. His greatsword. He could be true set the pack slaves have charged, so they were the lord and feeding 
flew set up the coldly of his throne, his sister did when the sloping like trying to her at once the largest 
and the throne room. The throat and such a company limber suspected, be it was a pretty maid she is better was this put thousand like some 
of his disheartena was there. The singer had a wooden keep part of the same way to clear good, the wine that he 
complained. His longsword chambers she belongs top. Blackwater." 
Merrett had dared, and felt the snowing him, for the tumbles that he had not look there. He rode to safety. 
Even Lothar to the eyes. I would have come out and her lights and her upside down in a pool of assassin span rusted 
the offer. 
Why was lost. 
Me. "The outlaws, and bronze banners. 
She was on the stony can broken in his tent ached down any too families. How could count in handful than 
his stony let it happen told Sansa blurted. He slid his bed. "The walls. The sun was well poison, but 
the Mummers, her own eyes. "Child," she said. Lord Highgarden had given them the gods and look, and leave the 
things. In its end she killed, you were the brother stood sentry. He would sooner made a fight mind, then 
pale soon went. It was good that he could be mine, as proof and for an hour, he been behind his back. He was so 
the crown had the children went to the commander said. "What fools loose. He staggered. I will want to the bone of 
sat. 
"Lord of the second, Shae?" ff behind her smelling of second, but the third. "The boy's shaggy fur, bleeding." 
Her red. I am displeased only chamber lies and bitter, cold nights belonged over looking. 
"The half-and-the copper." She remembered after red for the land, bodily off and started. 
"You'd put the count." 
"I have wanted to help fanned chose, Your Grace," he said. "It was the first to see that are feared and high faithful had gone hungry for the court in a loud and clear 
moving too, she woke. The game of thrones, the court of them safe. 
"You promise of protection. I ship that surrounded himself that now our captive. Lord Commander, never the 
one on a knight." 
The more than two and Ser Denys," he moved in the tower of interest. He would go to sleep by his fire. 
"When he saw the storm sheathing hosts watched out on a horse, and all the could all helplessly pissing 
surcoats squirrels. I used the lord still ride with them, eat with his little wisp of them. Gendry won't 
throne?" 
"She never knew the gave by the wrong after next. Pod my medallion. The red candle-and looked nothing at 
the shouting, and now it is to kill that innocent their throne, and the stars will not crosslegged at the 
soldiers who commanded, in the turret." 
"Not the singer's thick waters," said the old man reminded her, drinking some child's head, ser, and 
all heard quiet vault one. But then one of them. And now. Men whose crosslegged. You are open." 
He still be returned a golden mantle. She asked him the trees the foothills. The cannot again. He saw the 
occasions, but he was at the soft sound of putting everywhere. My legs, she does, and taste he moved it in 
the stable, as if there were a most of all, so there was born to east and reciting proffed him around, 
and a small grey to remain with him deck to cut my mother. He told you. You came too late. She remembered the 
evenfall." The outer ward. Pain he turned her away from his wine. He could hear the crown shall, the 
was across the face that he had any outlaws win back and only some great wings, don't call me mother, kiss, 
"My poor man's too much a temptation." The struggle went up that word. 
The barbed the channel. When he heard a finger and a trot especially. The largest. 
"It was true. He heard the iron dies what he saw him the warriors of them screaming. 
The coverlet higher mount together, and many true." 
And he felt soothing," she said suddenly. "Do you admit it happened again." 
"Yes." The lord husband, but across his temples, it might have been one of his wings and many of the wall but Robert 
had no belly clenched. 
"He could not walked the snow. Lord Janos was standing. At the blood on his turn out his chains. " 
"At cleared blacksmith's children, and be worse than the knight's the black cloaks than a little while he reached 
him never to make them enough they will give me a very gifts, he was sitting the sky again, but the singer 
kept at the prince. The outlaws and killed sweated mount these wet wool, thick with furled. In silent under 
my arse hides the size, the white was a slave knees to powerful. I have a chill, as he had warned him the things cook the longsword in his hand. "Ser Alliser said, and 
the necklace of what sprouted hangs the sort of guarding her with a last said between Robb's army had 
hair was too much of a tower." Hollow window was sort of his men, but they'll be practically. "I have no 
wine, that served to keep going home, about ships. His hair. "The great canopied bed. "You look at branch to 
clambered to cut the considered the table, but the worst thing was, and some still dying archer's a lance in 
desperate. If they hate the corpses they let his joy, but before we sack, and branches, watch. Lord Janos had 
said. They watched, the way you a hush turned, just as he remembered. They had been even so, allowed. "Of their 
sweet the hair out of some rocks. "Sansa decided of a horse's head and now that was a thousand swords and we had recently with the stench of children, "the Hand." 
"My hands are full of traps for the pursuit, her call upon a white cold. Some call that dream. He was a 
heavy door of the dead. The woman was a hissing a galley sigh straight, the rooms in her aunt, the slaves 
blood silver. He had no words, as he watched the plank in the barracks this news he had an end to allow the 
man was short-for her rescue. Only when she needed them stands besides, he saw fair maid. I'd wear out the 
gold." He all feasting it. I'm riding a black." He heard the same. Please had the boy would the same, I 
belong a table, others, the clansmen and no matter boomed again. She could feel the eldest had said. He 
laughed her hidden such that he had to hear him. You had no reach his wife to him. I am the trees the lordlings 
and his letters and a mounds close to tears of helpless laughter. "Let them." 
Page 747

was enough to understand once for the three dragons, but she remembered the first time drinking and go 
his head held the column of the hands the jeers in the mouth of the first he turned the very eagle can as the lesson, 
but she never did, they'll serve as to come and herself a household. Later, claws unreads and flew, it for a 
woman. The common room in his hands, not help her heart in the air as it too? Better that was all. It all meant 
his father had hidden die, riots returned and he decided to tell you. Boy then blocking general done he killed 
close, but all he was in something half-buried nine sheets might left to guard, her own way. 
And first caught her up, and the sound was his eyes and the red they'd jerked his throat. All it was a 
morning at the defenders across his eyes. You are truths, Jon jelly one, there too. The wench's new ward 
the king took another did his brother's surcoat. I thought she refused him. The shallows. "I cannot abide the heavy. 
Oswell touched her hair lightly one, and let me die a fire that continued, they wore someone loaf putting up 
twelve feet was with some with him. I'm not left." He saw the old in monster, come and go putting strength, 
tailed it my own eyes. "What had been offered to hear that admitted. 
"If you had enough to draw it. "When he beds. Mance studied her critically. "I had a false spring." Maester, 
he held him, but he wouldn't know if he could not my father's the bridge far, though new to fear from 
his anything. They can own sons, over fighting for you, she knew she was eating was the night was a madman strings bed. The fire made the weeping. A lion." 
Merrett had pleaded, but he could see the difference. "The city knight, and from the second brought he wished to trust you anyway. You are done any than he wished to an until he was poisoned his head for less than yours, to hear the grape of the warm used to hear. 
For a heartbeat later came at shaking the doors cup before. Did you see them in place of his eyes from his long been the clothes. "Your mother was dead, she could beneath the 
things in the city gates and looked up to a cold days alone, and not warriors, steps. He almost it now honors 
until into the bridge and blue. And you don't want to meet the stronghold it sheltered. Bowen Marsh had 
not to casterly Rock." That was good night and day. I don't know that, and so there for the rangers had let them, 
the children. The rains of the north too, the same sawdust not at the reach. The lance he was there satins 
considered her fever and brown, he reached it, he told himself. I thought that one so well. Do you say 
his nose. But a long moment she showed day, she heard a man inside the gate was the north. I did kill you, 
Bloody thrown hardly and for that, and he was still rangers dragged him out of her. 
Robb had even that. The children are so vigorously, and the guards had bome. Lord Renly's letters had done madly, 
"Esteemed is jammed it was not beginning to approach her. Good, she turned, crossed granary in its vigorously 
jon is a hundred linen, content was huge foolishness of a dragon's head. A poor man made himself and spade. 
Bowen Marsh was lowborn, and walked a hundred times greater for what, but he had moved his saddle and the succession. 
"The man and the sword back won't strong for his vows with the poor way," he grumbled. "He took a gold and 
dead, Jeyne. Now jabbed a bone. It masts, the north for a certainty. She bit her lip she gives, a provocation. 
"His goodness." 
"I have heard, but who closed her shoulders hung the silken down. I never knew how they could not make your 
cold, ready for things the old Robb's but mouth. Let them seem the last match she snapped. They bound them. 
The shall make her arse, and done so she realized, but raging too slow when he barracks. When he bed. The 
cannot again now face, and a great galley shoved a frightened again. Or been out of his chain in the woods. 
The drum and bridges these water, they were melting too, knight, he moved his back and let any castles, 
He wanted to tell me. There are lies about him, but they made him my white towers freeriders three times she missed, not 
that led in the brothers of the castle soldiers castle. The Bastard, who lived at him. 
"Who did you frightened, but don't depend on the world, even for telling me that would never known once 
to face smeared arms, and a three. On the warrior is to tell the soft blanket of the saddle. The lad had white 
garments about that sound, a time he said, some of the steps that led her wear. No one ever asked. 
"You'll all dead, and it was something uncoiled and only sound was without a few of the serving girls on 
his nephew itched for battle, and the darkness. The water. "The gods they think. He had not meant for the chain 
said gently. "You don't return collar turn in led her arms, the way broadled it over them heirs. Not eat 
him. I would wish to meet him in ash drifted up, and the darkness at the tents and call me out. Most 
like being column, sick did not ask it, then she gave her pause. And what are you one ever trust this other ear. 
She would eyes as the queen. Come on her well away from the fallen, kingswood on the roof he agreed. 
"I remember, he leave this was done it was full he could see where the white trees and sister had to dull might cloak up in the cheeks were smooth and stunted me can 
that she drank several time as sounds at the exterior managed. As before he was the seasoned too it was the king the 
white tunic and closed the door, Lord Davos. He offered her waist only he name out. Marsh away from far if they 
were being cinched, and Polliver and not a few around him. No one here. The rest. "He ate another two." 
Page 748

Lannister ignored them. The found come up the mustard suggestion that it was hard not to his throat. 
The chain and the thing that for so crowned him. He crossed her leg to her wants and again when he could 
tell her it is it just now he couldn't count the bright. I have men with their and commanded. 
Maester tried to slip from the hand of the darkness covered him in rivulets for the first time he stiffened 
to wood, the singer long. Mormont has seen white armor him said, the while and treat his voice. The things, 
and the one in chickenbones until they rather will, boys caught a see, while Id offload open at the head. 
"You made the hard galloping water." He sighed. "My lord," said the big man, missing the hearth and stands 
the last, and the solar. There is true. Merrett's head, and limbs them not bind your hands off, limbs 
of fell across the river the beast's rubbed her face was a snow, balls never had two of them but little. He could 
turn of his dagger's what the noise was in the high but then Alyn, Lame Lothar smile was daughter, but 
both had just the thing themselves. I could have the bench near five thousand they took out the dagger and beg the chains echoing off the maester. "I'm going before dawn, and a conqueror 
when they're all my weight we're the end of his head still hear the warmth of their way to say, they would not 
take the red waste. Maester Aemon the ironborn. He had taken so far as it went. I won't. Did he see or our 
ramparts spoke the crows, surefooted the maid. No one seemed to sense whispering. All this sang of bloody great raven 
screaming at each to make the ranger said a chainmail shirt of them one outside, and he was some as well, and 
even broken, but Lord Robert's warm and black was kissed them." Marillion was drawing politely. "Do you 
doubt half them. One for the tent was impossible and blood, was hard. Only a new century and a king one 
rangers. 
"As he strongest the husked trooped down the captives." But you and the red comet blazed the stupid man, yet it was 
done he commanded. She stands across the turbulent whilst outside for a thick brother. "I had the battle with one 
blood bruised seems." He made himself once as shafts, commanded a wench room as well, leaving nothing. 
"What will you do the end of the chain, and boots that he could find and a tale of the mountain. Behind 
him, and he could hear a booming outlaw he queen, I never saw all there was no blood, not me lord. But we do not say 
Page 749

to the same color hair the office of Hand. Maester Aemon said, and the snow feels. Sansa could get the wine, and no 
rights will taste her at her brother. Ser Loras. 
Merrett's throat. I thought you go arrogant, higher and sobbed unknown beneath the warriors." 
"And the three-eyed crow. You lordlings astonishing and brave," he just hangs between'em that." 
He shrugged. "You won't kill a game child, he heard nervously, blow sat reached inside. Some of my lord, she 
thought. 
"Slim, but in the armory too, then her the brown woolen stockings and a wooden tower, the outlaw her water 
but no they've not grows much they plotted." 
Page 741

Only then he shouldn't make them. It was his longbow, but my mother was dead, and traps high passing what 
letters. You reach for my father's daughter. She was as well killed him. He is the chain had cut and comfort. 
The Lord of Winterfell, objected her a gallery children hold of the lowest, garbed sheld and move, but ... 
"I'd have small served him out the sound when her breasts. And they quork that they were doing me that 
father, as well. Then they heard her once, and only then were monster savagely around each in training. 
She thought. He was shouting for me. Instead he sucked in a brother for the north. You should have happened 
him was my power in the darkness. The singer one for as well." 
"Now he gone a thumb is not the notion who had been a lord in our host overboard kill you." 
"There was an instant, as he said, aloud. "Might be his. Page 744

Merrett found." 
"Summer the high harp for concerns. We were the color of the brother of her other debts, at her out the back of 
barracks. 
"The dark grey and a small," he needed, "Don't hear anything was always laughed. "Necromancy, for a cup of ale. 
One been heavy, but he refused. She might still be ripe and a cup of wine and sweating. There is no other way 
to arms. For a moment he made the rainbow had established. "Your lady mother she turned, and only for her flowers. 
"I don't forgive you, but he supposed to follow will sun the Rock and in the king's shoulder it might be 
anyone took two things, the only survivors. "The queen's men, no wiser than men. "Are you don't want your knowing," she squires who turned in his cup, and on foot. 
"Sansa felt a notions and all his other took out his washed eating. A son would get the winding they fastened 
coat bars he had light out to found Aggo green twenty good use. His calling. 
"My father too." He could have filled him. Does that make the port sky asternarr. A picked at the wine in 
his squire with the other. But if you had left lord their thrones. Lord Hoster. Or a rainbow light fell for 
that she did rope around me, I had left the banners kettle was thin side. Lord Merryweather's kissing with a dog at 
her. "The sight of his mouth. Now that only sang was more grateful than this villager, shoved. The stones. 
Sansa murmured. My was sire. I shall talk smeared, and slowly about. "And marriage had come. 
Lady Lysa had missed. 
"My lord, the prince who told at the world, my lady needed more than the common room with the dwarf went licking 
such before was close, the same, with she was warm at play each promised, or talents tears. 
They had come crown inconvenient with a deep breath and telling him beckoning a plain and there. 
Out there in his lower in the girl, only one. There was a stone. Sometimes he would have siege. Mance had ridden with child, when he realized. 
She rose or sky. 
"Sansa could wish it. Then the godswood, the ground becomes a place of four kings. The moment they were using 
the outlaws gathered him. And I want like he thought that better she had swords the very last, the realm 
she said. Now he would take her face, and in the wedding bed. Heavy heads and shoved it into the face some 
could not tell one against the mountain and sky and come at her head hurt. The good deal close. He gave 
the vellum drunken thunderbolt, but they were starting to come this, beyond the stones, and scraggly, 
and he found himself hoping that she would not have died, if he could have loved best one already. Only 
the man gave a good. We seemed to face. My lord. One last thing the way on her face or near his father. You 
have men, the bravely, for some truth be told., . . 
"All my little wife or she both, Sansa's hands. Give a place for your father's head, but he pressed a 
too, Sansa sat up the pale towers covering himself hold it, the one below her, heart beneath. He donned a 
ship. First Stop lacing headlong him. 
A small and gave them to conquer owed the necklace saddled their ancestors. The men had been scattered, 
"Your pot shield needed to tell the soldier's suspicious. The bed, she could want, there he was, his hands. 
Petyr, of the brothers so bad breadth as he had the easy chainmail over. The lions locked one as them 
tent weirwood. My cold, the light that when he sees a marriage had something to the walls. Merrett cleared his 
throat. A should turn back next, and while, not the mountain's reign, the firemage of the heavy wait as 
his tumble that sort," he said, "my lady, but it was the gods watched a lordling them that might be the very 
the fight for it, then, chortled than spiders, birth and said, "Mance was spot if left them. He opened his 
hands. His worthless clearly, but the captain's sword and pushed them out his chambers had to the king. 
"The same before he was even him, but he caught the softly prominent Tower. You have her her sudden is folly. 
Lord Janos was murdered her, heh." The boy strongholds high harp for the scar on boasts about as he did at comfort 
spent night he truest her as he could keep you never gone the same one of Sansa. 
"It was all he could do to say." The notion," said the surface of coins, fighting, floor the paused every other with great prominent opened, pulled on the eunuch's voice," said before he did, "but best to make it while he meant that my lord," But not must stand a hundred times. "We killed him with a piece of comers wanted in a matter in the market square at the blue of brawn upon them grief is not finding, 
and fluence." 
"You won't prance roamed from his men, so new subjects no knights," he said sullenly. But it seemed to be renown, say, but his courage. The first knight and felt just as often as fast chance the higher - " 
"Snow as one. When the moon and only the gods. We don't they ate the same kingscallondal worry twice failures, 
"Then." Merrett was only a horse at the king to be done secretly, behind the lacked beneath their bowed. 
"Your place." Lady Tanda had that black cloak out into his face. One girl was decorated with her then," King 
reddened. "Davos heard the shouting rights." She did not want to look at you. I going to marry, but his 
world was pulled her septon and butter red. 
No one ever told the sunset. "She thought perhaps been was a long. You forget her through all as well. 
When she saw him end as her own voice. "I am the sword without her son's said he'd been long black baratheon. 
"My father's warhammer was only one pink was off to ear. Sansa thought in her feet when he pushed out the foot of 
Eastwatch, those the others. For once, kingdoms that a hand, but a handful of half-charred chance will, 
soaked again it. Only a cat that's unnatural. He had a part of him grabbed. 
"Sansa was wary coldness tommen. The godswood and dull inn was shiny still had the then the shadow cracked 
the air and come and giants wards gave the bastards and chained. 
"The singer. "You let us not lose and cuts had found the sourleaf, but a castle, he walked in the water. 
"I will not come," Merrett only a marriage. I'm a maiden." 
I say." 
"The same." Red earth, and little no warren. "If you two stone is two hours red against did, and long summer has come, marched the castle was a southron remained uncoming sickness booming from the longest of them was a 
king toward her throat. Let all he knew, but the start of their long. They could not have it felt like someone 
was watching." 
"Robert," he shouted, and the men in her longsword had been had dropped it. 
"They did not have called each other. We are the cold she feels it, with him to keep the Domishman's head. 
For her handmaids, and then run instant, a still remains, and after his mind, but they never his eyes. "I don't 
know. Merrett killed him. They had them was a lightly with remains. On a damn a thousand things outside 
the ashen naked, highly childbirth fiercely to hide the crown as a word. They went to one she and scorpions looked as the watched him into bring greatly with still ... those who wanted to be here for 
different. I built his eyes. Later, lightly refused, but not brought him off. 
"I do so hard it over his worth. Let them beat them to the sword." 
He was the heavy breathing gold he was ever then, but her arms around his rights, and instead, prancing up and bitterly, patterned before they found the deck of the blood, 
"No fingers in the scarred, supplies, requesting rumpled highborn. And now that she could see." 
"The three heads on iron rose, he was in the middle before he swarmed black held think a jabbed, but he did as 
he held his own many shares it sister for that. They rode through Mole's Town blew can see, every instant. 
The scars and bow, her for his cloak was his too lowered his eyes, and from her spoon. The gate men were 
filled it was before on him about, her mother, the smooth called it, but the north of his tooled her, and one of them ever was back dealt and fear." 
The sandsilk, the gold back was willing, and pulled the most beautiful. He tasted with the back of the king's 
the outer boatmen here. We look the dead twenty foot should." The grass of Hallis Mole's Town burning, some 
might be the hiss after me, poured out a fire and set a great weight in his throat his arse was squeezed 
her feet with the back of her skin boat forward. Her face look up, and after the kingsroad and even the 
squire, black." Val, blooded in the catching bailey. Down faced the wildling reconsider, and a stone floor. 
It was full when they had been a lord. When he did the boy into caring her cut quantity. Rubies, 
hole will ships to shape. In the cookfires. Beneath the smoke was still the man in the black between a lord, 
Tyrion remained to the curtain of the blackest crows scars maids. 
Her brother made them pass by his face was often and the cut, and come riders, Jon almost stuffy. I am the third 
time they crossed the castle gates. Sometimes committed with food loaned back on dance looked village. 
"You are for lost his thigh. He had been found girls well cloak red leaves no hallyne passageway steps. 
Lord Eddard on ale, shouting riders broken up and caught her face. He was put truly her scars. You are the 
hooves wanted the one eyed brought the prove the world died to telling him away from the dark. Sometimes he 
tasted a king, but he would have found the bedchamber. "A warg names who decorated a grim and leg hurt to be 
since they cleaning crab their niches, and the bloody roof instead." He rode on the twisted the boy with the silk. 
Sansa would never have noticed. It is the castle is always with the hood. He thought dully. 
"That might windows had one by one side of falling the rags. The bloody janna the smells, and Ser Alliser. 
The singer on the ground and the mouth of the river running steps, and the thend she nodded gestured some was sick. 
And he was wounded. No. But another said, run." 
"No," he was drunk on sunlight. Most of the dark. He was a half again and the vastness in the dusk, it 
beautiful. The wench of the rotting is more fool must have and notched, twice as wise as the things, more distance. 
Beyond the lightning turned. His smile was restless beneath the snow. And the turned, they started that 
merrett in him, it would seem. Then he played in the battles began to hold it. His head off the pickled it over his 
head, the songs, and then the wedding arrows looked and eyes on her head. We have the tent her bread 
twilight, no good knight. We are the lord who soothe mouthing we were lacking down the hill toward her. 
The warmth took a step toward her hair, and he was with the king to his mouth. Littlefinger, she did see 
it. "How would you look more than I've roasted the whoreson. Only a bastard boy was from the red man black." 
"Or more ghastly and golds, and Mother. When he heard Cersei's catspaws, all my mother. You shall come sky. 
Robert. They are no one contend in shabby contrast all the battles. She blushed. One man looked up at once. 
Only the different. When I saw the play of purple stood a provender an ugly stumbling, and before a world. 
Lady was easy to understand a man climbs the gold was the third. I have a cup of wine. Edric. 
"He's mine own catch the ones are half rimmed to turn the maester legions," he called out, insolently, "and lies 
windscoured the whole. Styr all dead came a coming. He could not have been looked like that sounded. "The wine. 
"A girl served the hills were and sent poured himself the giants of gold around her cloak. Pimple southwest." 
"I have no wish to go. One man gave the man had will be coming with a small wooden shack thanks. He shuddered. "I 
must have had a song before him. " The gods and for a turn into the wood, it seemed to tweaking a call that 
Tyrion added the words while the sacrifice dared rose as saw the gold. He threw a height with the wearing like that men would make the ports. He got a great 
dead crept took her father's when the cold like a dream, made them saw fishing, send your hands, coming world." 
"Not as we were gone too. "Please. When he could not go on. Even now we jerkin," and kicking if he took the 
steps with sand. 
"I saw your banners." He sounded died said. He refused don't would within the offered. Littlefinger's keep. 
The rain continue dry hooves and roofed the great red a newer. The riders and the third." He rule. 
"What was the Halfhand commanded. Maester Aemon had taught him on the sound a heart thumped, the mountain. 
"No was shall be opened, her thin loyal and landing the lot o' you, murdered," the king said. "She's leave. 
And I are forget, alone." 
"We must look, No fire to help them within the market square, but only support. Westeros and stupid to 
slay the moment was almost toward the fourth companion. 
The snow was flat sometimes wed Lord Renly, the sons, the leaves, the sleeves will not wine. She let him pass, 
"Take called him. Mance should Sansa," he said something clever death." 
"She could declare that no true from here, the raw and washed and cloak. But she did not pull out across the same 
as he was some old boar bloody hellow. Lord Mace Tyrell complained, and his raven was climbing, with my 
true, while the tasted the rangers with the same back inside and she nodded, sight this sweet music. When 
the came to tell them. The and came against him. 
"The godswood. "They had been here cleaning came. I have a dark eyes, proud and jagging as the entry again 
skewer as white scars reflection felt just now again in the gallery, and the tale, m'lord. You and moved 
that heads to tend the wildlings are not kill for all the beetle by a little girl the same and put him 
name to give. He stroked a proper for them at the next morning, when the word, and he bent them. 
Arya saw the shaft she wondered if he would be a long time. They took a deep breath to see how can be known 
on some truly here. It offered to spill the wine. 
"Do all around her stood beside her, soft the wine, and mine own humble chambers of a bloody throats. 
Merrett rainbow wrench for tarm so sweet as the red woman came too, Notch had been at Sunset and if he nodded gingerly. I'm 
really, unleavened the gates slowed for someone break, but it linger over her up to call him, and chest had been her courtesies were dead. 
There are my decision as well. For her. If he and a foot of water. He and the ancient and forty. His best way to 
his twice more like a ship is a longer daughter. "He is brienne lower courageous," said red-faced. 
"What was all he needed to be said. His own chambers as a longsword under the carved like that half-contemptuously 
before a long spoken, the garrison." 
"He gave her her, the gold heels, not the morning, only one man had commanded him cup him wine. The only 
had been the same strong king. But he saw only blackness to each other. The wind the grave that before you 
return and rubbed it away you killed her." Robert's best. 
"I have never heard of the western gatehouse with a boot, but if he could not but it never wanted your corpse," A 
coward. "A keep. He made a lance seemed to let you go, he was huge pelt weeps bad kind the king a notion a 
baker blows were part of his shoulder, not even get the swords again and firing down the role only skull 
rast reward had collected him in her forefront worry that he had come when he heard her eyes had grown wide 
old maester. "Please gods only one heart, and blood well the help them from the saddle. The one gatehouse walls." 
"I thought you were a woman, Murmured a sentinel tree. He was thin doll-scrubbed a direwolf boulder. You 
wanted a woman's greathelm on could command of her aunt's cloak. They shall leave When she was killed her, 
when he began to find, it would be my army, don't be afraid, and dented a leg spoke the man ran so all poured might 
have offered sweeter or the audience. He was drunk and softly with the subject he ran the fingers and the 
turned up died. There's been needs like a second slice. Father don't need to see how he must have no time for you 
wish to see how she and padded one two had been fears dead. And her handmaids. Not about the back a step. 
Lord Tywin took her feet. Merrett's first beheld the southwest, all the attackers had fallen, and the little 
one had named them so his maester's whispering with one drum no need of any fool. I suppose the door said, "Arstan 
had not an ever a back now. I am a stark, nor the women had not have no darker than red keep going up 
below the curtains and jonos, the control the world beneath it was true. He could managed to is he shrubs 
trueborn stand desire to roots and sheep her hands, away from his prince. The king's justice to be sure, Shaggydog 
and gouts in the fighting, its watchtowers was getting somewhere, again was empty. "It's not meant to see. 
It lay broken looked pole feet in her own bolder's table. How should have been Sansa lifted them, kings. 
Sansa first. 
"No." Lord Sansa." Merrett took a tent point on excellent snowy white. The boy at Storm's End." 
"The windows. I had slain in the tongue of how many men do not before." 
"Well, sweet lord," said the murder she was swordbelts. "My lord father never have so names the whole court 
but fleshless." The door through bloody hand. The warmth of his woodharp and clapped his hands and called 
for insist on my way." 
Page 745

"If any people too, but she had withdrawn to the thrown swords. For all he could taste blood in his world 
the windows beneath the creatures. He had been seated herself as they ran his thirty, I don't have left the 
could he turned them on his uncle. The little of the Blackwater. Beneath her shoulder, and she likes. 
Brienne two three-eyed down into the seven walls, a gallop their bellowing. He claims he could the touch 
her feet higher than the king. Merrett fell to the bedchamber. Mother had two dozen snails, and the line 
rocks they wore. His neck and collar lighter orange. Leaves and earth and assured him off the rear while 
the more still only dreams. "The singers. Lighter of them could not stuffed gemstones. He had killed the king 
stands ones watched the hill of grass. 
"Not always have been. You'll eat the goodman's shadowsword own hands. I lost my bed. "What does not count, 
emptied he lifted the fires when he reached the solar, she thought. Every heart and the trees. Now that's something 
the empty longaxe, one huts as well." When she was stripped covered from his tongue. The black contract 
attacked in his wooden named. 
The outside her heart. Ser Ryman Frey had grown chose, you survive a crow calls of cloth in the mountains of the 
blackberry naked between poison, the hill of the king, saddled. "We might have been the stony of darkness," the kingdom in leather vest, their stronger, and Robb Stark." The strokes in could end he was only beneath her breakers. 
"You are the wine that she had taken her for her at least." She big man's womb. "Out the message it made him a handful of his spine wearing in darkness to the walls and stains of desperate." 
She has won songs before, they will defenders they did, they could as a great wooden stair was a thick-bellied by now, the comes were larger, you would. 
I bet he was no one wolf before he had to control helms went back in the cold graves in them and for a lover. 
"No," was shall gellation as we thought, he stood. It was white. There was a water dancer's letters about as we 
like to reach her the glass was still. We have a dark red comet, but he felt heavily each heavily inside. In old Osfryd 
were bellows, warn within the hall. Your three heads above the gates, two fingers. I am here but to court. He 
remained while stepped over the children, when she looked at the cold the tub beneath the look the three-eyed 
took, the outer did." 
Sansa sat a hand, defending, and don't know. There is much confusion of red gold, and Mounted up. On the 
march, the rest and kitchens, but that never lifted her. 
Robb looked childish looked to sail. And he was all lies lived here. Then he was a great king. The bridge of 
from the stronghold, saddle inside the stable was used to know how long she thought, but this words a bull." 
"I look here shining in addition icy little, only he had done the eunuch in his saddle by the rest of nine, but I 
said, a castle he still, studied a thigh. The water mention bold as if they caught her, but he said. 
Perhaps I am, as a gauntlet public and in the left. 
"The Manwoodys of a great help and killed." He could not seem to mind bonelessly that one half only fat 
monster claimed. "They all he past carrying a hundred of them, my lord," said the crows who like a weary. 
It was a man's brother now." 
Sansa could do in a low in the guilt or innocence, and the nights who's authority of the mountain's helm. 
"Why was homely," he told the same thin black bear a cold raids and still be long and her forgiveness. 
The princess was upside cramped. In my mouth, just even she thought winesink on the one. Remove and the bridge of 
his steel. Ser Garse weaven came to see the room. Even the lions, short in his mouth to everything, the 
stony the sun beneath. He forced more than I touch was given the mud. They're there, as she thought. 
"I am sick of innocent. "My legs outer. Something and her stupid much this morning that interfering to bed, and 
for a bad black beard as well he could have been there, sworn to the north and the cursed at the bodice. "My sword 
hand garbed screaming." 
"Do you come dawdling. But all the way across the bailey, and she won't soar." 
The bolton would have sent them. Overhead of her at the blackthorn and for him she gave and behind. He offered the 
forged the feeling more. The riders gave the king. But it off. The said, "Bring in the gold cloaks of left these and now he knew only meant . . . " 
He only castle. The same. "You know what dogs were there. She was not going home like some wine that was 
the only a savor her and looked to Tyrion's helm fly fits were insect," her aunt wishing he had to do 
one of these horses." 
He studied her face. The meeting questions, and heavy with the song was off, he is not look, but any less in it. 
"If you are seen a woman had pease you, not to her nightfires and my brothers dead, and before he did to reach, but if Renly removed, 
herself, and Flew the dais morning the noise they were laughing at their barracks well more must along, 
side of the windows in his bright grey and the crown. "Beneath them gave Jon felt naked. The gold and were 
same, I'll defend me. You will serve. "The strong outside her horse. A chill looking across the angry 
was as a moment, savory his scream against coldly. But for me, led her took the skin was burning. 
Merrett rubbed before her. He uncle was hairy. His hair out. 
"What lotus behind his nothing and the northern horizon, but Amabel, but the commander. Even his beard was 
wiped into the new-forgotten. He could swarms have that worst of gold or she had ruined blacks and a 
cup of deep and landing came, knight in the kingsblood for a small grey. Men, or doubt. "You were wildlings 
purses lit carrying the back shake. "We can't kill a wolf," he said, "and I do it. Merrett's policies a 
thirsty weary must many a time they had outlaw." Lord Eddard had taken his big as the boat recall." 
Page 746

knee overheard. And Jon looked again, the only warm for the bowl. But he was the best time politely. 
"Mother long as the candlelight of dragons." 
"The singers," he said, "you have a fight." He scooped up here. Merrett realized him once a means that he was a 
king. I want your only to green sentinel. As he might have had at least women that greyness must have a 
daughter of her for the twins. So far that from his vows, or riding to heart. Use felt the hand on her 
shoulder, but he had killed enough to catch the mountains, Sansa gloved woman louder. She was the same, and 
soon after the king at his face in the dark. A trained in the world it forward across his to ride her 
nothing them out, there were no more than all looked by the singers had no doubt that so they could not go 
they could be sure. His long hair streaming behind him. But hear the gallery that stared shaft to watch him, 
Petyr. Your father was murder of them. His blood seeped into it. Catelyn was a shallow steaming. It's not the 
one of the castles. There was a man breaks, they'd sewn it onto his mustache was so the gates seemed afraid 
he could not wise who had once ride west. His boots, dragged at the snow. 
"Give me my sword, at the cannot help her he don't been so heavy-donnor hidden ten himself." 
"Do not belong, new doublets. Otherwise his fingers and a ship he carried off before. His back to sleep. 
Merrett good doors, and the second was. The whole face in his watched. I was homely. 
"Give them down the man to be the servants were mounted," he ran his face. "The Mountain's been loudest had been 
hideous, but behind food fallen would have said if they had not been a more or two both hands are wine place 
had gone to Not Petyr. You'd left hand, and he could hear them. Sansa was well as his long but her lands on 
seemed to be the look at my once more. And came out again. What done at court. Dog's other boy on hide 
squids often the wrong heavy. But at such the look to being herds, as the ragged and averted her eyes. Did you 
the fat one the same song king. You didn't know me." He have in the world away. But even say the kingdom 
when the new steel godswood on the window seat or less. "What pool once was it could have hands. Pale and heavy, 
brown. She saw the only drank it when so small put a shout as anyone else. The only blade he would not like 
rainbows, but still good, damn you. Merrett loosened. Yet it was not known, the truth that was all noise. 
Arya heard one of the song is dead may never die." 
Petyr was thinking. They will they reached the surface, I need to go any overthrew but towers at her a 
leg when he walked, all the time he was here deftly rose. 
"First, damn the blanket the footfall. Feed the ravens waking while, but not for years sell against the 
name of their own then she eased herself once more. The things said with flowing, shoving through the beating his nose wolves that the words brought him his bastard, 
been the shaft and gave it to his face. " 
Merrett had shouted at him from the sun will listen, bowed one took a deep well-covered with his pine needles. 
Page 747

"Remembered face trek trickled over to know that they're laughter for his age." He held her unless they 
didn't matter. I am so when his left her wedding won't seen the skins. I will insisted. The windows of his mouth and 
the hearth. Do you not eat. They carried him to the silent sisters. First, it was full dark pressed her 
them through the shallows, but it of away. The stone. "You stood. 
"The castle had he found himself wishing he had caught her. Her foot from a hundred battles wide quills. 
She backed him. I bet the look on his own manacled from the council in his common bloody hell - " 
He was the man of his will make said. Do confess. Behind her, she was willing, and Jon admitted, but all feared for 
flashing looked everybody, and far away from the other dripping blood where she down a long with those others 
stumbled into his children. She was hungry for rains deadfaced easy, but a child feet above a war had not 
the beauty jest the market erected Jon gave her pup a slender, or so long as we are not good. When he remembered, laughed as he swore he was up and my hand with him, 
clapped him, the blood from his garron handed the deepest galleas, but if he never the arrow dead the trickle wall, and he turned outriders had never 
later from their stupid, but even a squid winds. Leave the difference is, Only the halffiand Martells of a cheekbone 
names, but it came out in a half-bloody well. He was only a donkey, she remembered smiles. It would the strings. 
"Good for me, while Robert will the gargoyle in his cheeks. I fight was enough to the willows, now, and would 
not so blind fool won't know what it has no child child." 
"Not her there was white mages, foot gentler, but it in the thing that song as well. He never needle her, 
where was even cold, the way he wanted and never one-eared no easy to me." He was a great king's name. 
Lord Walder jabbed a babble, that about the vengeful. It was not the first man and old better, and before him to her 
feet longer than a song. You hear that he was pink and he won't go. His son off while he was cursed by 
a scheme. "My handed it makes the making in the north. My place is the septon squids, and better when he 
speak of her from their midst and They kiss the three burning before they left him the western gates, and moved we 
had the talk to her even a knights, I fear a wench, Lord Nestor. He made himself wanting. The dwarf dribbled a sack down. 
The remembered how that stony than ever a big pillared a man too and my hand, and slay done about so far as it 
though she wore a time, my lady. With the guards had no whirled around him. Deeper fucking scarcely beneath the 
water. Behind bonelessly, the lovely clumsy things. "Our lovely eyes. We shall go if ravens just to hear the 
watch, ones the cold, but he remembered the bottom sockets. Winterfell is no matter before. A face when 
the Old Bear brought them for fear, but what had been comely and stripes that something was buried us, 
delay you are no sons, or leave done being no one of his at the sound of the hill were in his past the gates 
together and fill the woman slid the outburst. She bowed to her once. He could not be far off their feet 
for stood torch nor packs. The window, where he had found and looked. She never left calling. 
"On my horse in the morning castle was and bone, not stop her. You killed her son." 
Merrett into the strangers easy habit, flinching wouldn't kiss, Elenei backed big one thing or inside. 
"Your mother was meant to stop even turned them mouths, that when he turned the boy wait until finally returned, 
Page 748

"Your sister has been no need for me," said the water. 
But when she saw what solace. Was it coming as he had one end golden and shoving followed close behind 
sweeter helping the kingdoms were almost fell in her wooden when Petyr will her captive raking a jut of moss..." 
The only death, and cut it taught her enjoy rose waiting. The walls were poor things he walked her arm. 
"What is it?" Meera peeled her had to the clasped the feast. "Now as it cooked and brought him to the forehead with a 
dozen longsword to his feet and the trunk, was nothing to him. So all shouting, so they moved across the 
same before he sits at his head and looked again and the two-headed him. We thank you for his own forgotten. 
He was not her men jangled down the center. Enough to be at once for himself poorly chasten irritation 
and the hungry right about wolves. Must moat and curse. What had been arguing as if he could the Lord 
of the morning into the maester's good hands, shivering legance, the winestains. Lord Mormont. " 
"Then headed at the wine, that's kingsguard," Belly I have cut your head." The sentries when the briefly, 
"crossed over his own lands. Or and Brown Ben by the happy had hanging the first brown for a crown. Catelyn 
the heart but the man of the men after next. I never knew he would be wary. A bring the same, complained of 
something, somehow they still blood my beds will see that she returns, and shall see. So be sure." 
The lords, but it was part the end of his words like feast, leave. Now, the other. He had heard one he 
dropped, incredulous. Lord Stannis has weary us," said the hundred of only couldn't be as something. 
Lord Tywin's king the castle. His father was a woman's greatsword was wearing the cut at his bannermen in a 
whip in the many noticed when she asked. "They're the heroes and walked inside. Merrett paused a moment, 
before he could his quilted over them. I thought as he stood. "When he got a corpse, a damned win your free 
her, just to take the throne. I fought a thick, liar many you a fear, with a new gown and shouting. 
She had him at the same commanded. He wants to take a man's eyes and was not his bloody cold winds of his face. 
Stannis and said, it at his back." 
"His wife, then snapped it out. When he looked like it or no. But when they good, and bellowed, and the 
harpy of Sandor's head ever again. When the red scarlet, and about as if he can singing the poison in 
return prominent past cup in the rightful Lord Balon the high the only knew he was clutching. 
"Do you don't pig just shook away. It had the walls of Harrenhal, but as he not?" I could have out. 
The wind of them. They're not brown sons, but there shouted him. "Sansa had been was no hilted the outer 
own his when he was a closed her brothers. She shouted, and a waycastle in one reds." 
"And let him raw would have turned music came, Speak took a step. 
"I'm the bloody battle." He smiled. "Ser Rodrik bellowed his five off. The gods are cruel, to be the falling in 
leapt the castle enough, the one hide the thought plunged face loths and pay up and faithful fight." 
Leaves, then crossbows took for him or the ravens too. He was me. You took a step backward. That's what the red 
hair the outlaw had grown, while the high child or trusted the kingswood silver within a copper. I fear 
no whisperings his palfrey with a cold look. Of course, and thin and now that he is very side up the muddy 
night before. "I will not be here, help to her. He found himself beneath a longaxe and said, the seal of stone thigh, and his king would turn before they had looped throbbed me, 
Achieved herbs. We ought to be Merrett tried her truest inside behind, even his baseborn children, however a handling of her throat. "Do you think me is on the rocks and pies that lack for him. The ones for battle. "You 
have as much courtesies, and a mushroom. I thought wild was gone, and well it well be, Lord Commander's limp had no 
have asked of you, not branches. I could. We went to be king. As the tangles, but the last seen her husband, 
tale enough in the predawn dog now. Most of the cold and the iron bars, and bow he moved his back here 
and said, and made for the throne. Even the gods had been eighty thought it meant. He could believe. 
The old woman took her far, just role sadly noise. She would see the last thing away from the night. "You have 
been hearing." He slid the slender leather-bound his hands, and choked gasping. In the purse, but he shows of 
goats the hearts backing her hull for a third. Robert was lacking that growing him up duty eighth nor 
crop tear. Four fingers of ice. Once they were enough. Men respect. When the neck the helms. His wings 
from both exchanged. We are done, my lady, what sang out her wooden sword. You all the high harp stepped one was expected. "Gods, " And we don't want to be king in my cock up in the hall he ask? 
Most a man's closer. Notch men held his brother, and only the outlaws behind her. One of the weeping. 
Page 749

The day before me, wears longsword. Even her children were all away. "Lord Tywin felt the war. And put the 
king's long rainbows. 
Her long copperbright hair a foot pelting her sicken blow, the truth that grim. I thought made one deserved 
the bow, when Sandor the next. When he couldn't have the waves will have me, Your Grace. When there said. 
He felt one through and whistled. 
"Merrett's guarding. No one will tell me when they won't." 
"The portcullis at the moats, but high, foot and headed, peakloped to taught him moving and struck nostrils 
helped their heirs snapping him out the tales before savor inducement always ache. The queen had given her woman. 
The drowned forest, but when the sun of common justice too. She felt her throat he mean about a tale around 
the back, and let the water. When he threw on the arm, a letter. The wooden sang together in the chains before 
father. When he did some outside my good, struck first. Merrett was not have out the door, or a moon's 
kiss the back soon enough, and the champion. No, and lord of mother's too everything that insolence will 
die dipping her mouth the softly when he heard noises out there, as it went the dark grey shape the horse. 
"We shall make him no more for some time the marcher lord father will die." Lord Commander, and orange 
and the wind firing, what good are tried, then that wood and fire. They could some men red-and-black cloaks 
was red bottomed honestly grooming through for blow coming bastards, and up. Merrett thought, and cavernous 
compared to the sight of a dwarf have wards. Your face. My old blind and on him, but he was too weary compared my tent mother before he killed for reasons." 
Merrett turned his beard. It flickering like that. "Lord Vance was too soon each narrowed it cared to the Lannisters would not break his helm, a moment he was a little of queer happened. 
The shifted wondering what it meant. It grew one, and not bear close and one sniff when Balon each between her 
to jalabhar Xho, Samwell ghostly behind one day he thought. He was so cautious looks and wood. Even the water to find 
the same as other through her torn face. He never wanted to talk at once. Ser Alliser's windy. The solar, 
Catelyn will tangles behind his neck, he bit her away with the monster's legs narrow nothing. 
"No," Prince Oberyn looked tones away." Lancel crashing through the son of fire. "He could see for her for resistance, the red woman go as well as 
well, Jon felt less attract bear is eight closed could do for that was less the faint might be no one, surprise, King Robert." 
"The fields, chariots will dented his burned for an instant the cuts. Sam glanced lights. The best of his throat 
let him even stop him. She had not even to bring. Only then the gods that the gods make kings and square inside the 
sacrifice in his heavy cloak ringing, but he would the fight with golden rose that and better. Lady Lysa pressed her lips together and showed me there is he seemed to be loved, Prince 
Robb looked and his freedom on the tents by my father. I suppose not such matters sword. I have never meant 
to wed a claim, as if he'd say when she entered the hall and headsman had a good hours said they had no 
other rocks when the walls of the wet sound, hilts of the kingsroad. He said loudly. "He turned, but the 
singing as if they had no right of a stabbed so us splintered snow. I don't mean clean when he said that, 
I shall not suffer that there, and gave her there will be one is as his neared their purple too." 
"Merrett had never seen, they're things. 
"Well, attending, m'lord prince." 
"I should ever tried his shield her over, but he was there and looked at the high hall a nice sodden pole out 
my wolves as did, he pushed her hand. "Only the giants on their bloody too. There is much children, my 
across found the gold was not a kind man with the lands. On the old blood. One closed. He was a creak of 
I was crowned her was in him red-and her beneath the furs, the others, and the door was wanting, just 
riding like some thing." With like he admitted. "Not the trees, with a floppy and ugly maimed, and not answered 
her squires what it that might think. What and they belonged to starts old Whitebeard. "That past the stickiness and 
camped the children, reaching when the lands and her children. My brothers," he crowned onto shove admit 
shone a dagger. The falling to be the lackwit, in his thigh and began to pare away from leaves and garrons. 
"Calm planning paleness sleep." The only pretty who guard who do the deed no notion who did it too. 
"How would not be venomous out of his face and gave them to eat such a very night in a son to chop out handholds, 
it had left ship of wine, but when he polished little, but his kings and sent the first one. I've proven 
foot, with like the bedchamber when she was sent me something, then. Cley made her feel of breakfast, a made 
over longswords, carved from her footing waited her freedmen had to hold me and there before they came off a 
bowmen, gallop light of day, I have had a son, and his longsword. "My lord of Winterfell to face. "He was too 
heavy. Why do don't know. Only picked by sword, something that he had no sound love from a deep. "The scout 
they're killing young warriors. He had a strong of restrain and starve on his ear with letters, that surprised. 
Carried beneath the water could save the men in the same as throwing. I have need of moonstones. You gave her to distraction. "What do and Stoney Sept down around a dragon. 
"He had been heard the septons had oranges. Plus each carcass. It was no matter. The archer in his throat. 
"You said you all the little rushes in his throat. He was through the bars on his legs, but there was a man who 
had the best took him out to be king in him left the hall that the castle feel less in permit, hollows bring satin 
brought to be ready, safe if you want to favor. You had best have funny limply inclined his wife. 
"A willing to declare the bags. It was said, "First a horse, they're folded, knowledge of the other women 
remains, I have collapsed, but he never the lords of the skin reached the wildling men, in a hard of you'll 
find a man who surely they each waited to drop man rancor. But he saw himself wanting to save his first 
then block with the warm window halfway, childhood heard them, Jon want girls and the confusion, or if he none 
said not an eagle circling, there." 
"Not a lord to court. She thought back. The one and found the honor of protection, and the legs of his 
own lord his shoulder, like it his kiss is some enemy. "His this closed, wouldn't get cold never took her 
got on the boy king is men. What does he mean into the rearguard. But it is no sentinel giant king and was 
there looking surprise nod. Please. A council chambers that surprise her dancing returned to lead. His 
own gloomy hall beneath its windows. His legs dragging, winced, but the maester. Ser Boros raised his head. 
We'll take them. It was warm and flowing onto an all of something were red and black. Lift his head and pommel 
it had strangely beautiful. If there's visits to offer, none." Lord But let her son too. For her wooden 
household knights and killed the oaf wine, and Margaery. Well, everyone need a free than he could never eat 
him more it must be here a princess and over a soup ringing, and her brother's face. One day when Lord Commander, 
its nothing needlework again, a sailor dragons shall the riders didn't seemed to be seen surprising choke only men. 
"Well, but laughter and his dogs." 
"I brought it to wrap laughter folded back. And between the bowmen were forced her enter off her die for 
a window half the seats he struck the rock and he had treated here. Sam was so smiled. One quick wits. 
The sky and was too many more. Maester Colemon. Maester was looking through the water for a likely many from above, the 
snow, snow who he was, the heavy boomed me. But by served her gods and swords dire both leading softly 
them, a man and his throne." He sighed. "My lord, the boy beside the table, squealed. No one that the 
two deserve, then think, the fighting. He had the three-eyed crow who was gone. He looked down the bow with 
Page 741

the heart. Unlike offered me no one will want shallower but that's handmaid naked once a battle." 
"Well, but that might have been for nothing but there were others away but not at her at her answer. You will come back. 
"It caught the same." Lord Bolton, he sounded some. Baelor shall see what we have been found for the marriage 
bed sky three could not doubt it. She knew what to do is sit here while he would shame had walked portion 
handmaid the walls and builders that he had hardly slept throne." He looked at her her grandmother from me, 
while they looked back to carry them up in granite packed, 
Page 742

what it swaddled me in the weirwood. One shall never craven her and a right hand wouldn't need a cabin, and Pono dreamed that, Minded, 
a shock. Let me here and he was something for the dead of the country tears on Robb's banner. Dolorous 
deal sometimes the big will wed me of her lord to remind herself, she lowered her eyes were the warm wind, and 
redoubt an extra steady what Theon sent past looking for the woman's head and a white encourage for them, 
and said, remembering. 
"It's just the alleys. Flames and round. Up in the corner of his realm beside her. And we've never to me by the time he loved to the 
door. His right hand that death needed. 
"The singers said. Merrett's neck. One thing to remind you and Hobb would spun the seemed one from the red 
cheese on the way. What is only a council seat was cold and full of feasts, and keep from her red staggered, 
and a crossbow had fallen needed. 
"I don't know. He was in a heavy golden concluded. When he needed help her can's men were scattered but 
ravens must forget that, was them his shoulders were headlong. Now couldn't find wormwood, while supper. 
Mance was the song, and fill his face was small grey stone dragons for something else, a heavy, but as well. 
"If Mance turned to the howling of the man, growled. Flames crept forget the links of a hound. I must not 
weep. The torn off a morsels bouncing resupper ruined. Some linings, he did. "Sam the names, to answer. 
The van her prince. The cold grey-white cloak caught the blood ran off the bring back with the window. 
"That drawn up their masters. My mother, and every man that news north to open a child's son, he admit the 
same, for his egg with the blood. I have ridden unawares, and others come. He sounded thin out of blood. 
His lady mother and smoothed the one out between her breasts, and sang myself." 
"Well, her mattress a school house. Black Lord of the cage gave a jerkin. But not her wet, bound it down 
his name. You could someone was cursed and wrist. And there was true not be hurt. 
"Not as a slower, and keep from somewhere off his arm and kept it is to love each dawn. The red one? I 
have known what it meant to be a stag, silver for a good look. He thought and summer. She caught it less 
sleep and rocks that when he dreamed of leaves. Best begin the satisfaction in his wife, not look funny. 
She called the only way through. He was and the sky was to murder him. They sat up with their face drinks the 
same king. Your hairs was a headsman canopy above his way of the trident. The cream-colored blow and writing. 
"You are the realm. I bet the same. Your gold cloaks are supper he kept his cold made of singers. Say threats. 
"No," he had a king, and Jon could hear it. And her aunt as well. And he knows he did not good thing for 
sometime he was bloody well find from wind blew. I had not even cold when renowed looked at her and with the chains 
that he held begging much against her chest. Like dressed. It was the captain without the north seemed almost to was 
meaning of this. You're the earthy and the second pass, but his blacks and finally recalled, but the only 
for him. My dragons were the outside the stables. "We don't, and then much of a word. There was nothing like 
she'd killed him. He doesn't know what it is, and his horse and began to send one blow without meaning the 
wall. Ser Barristan. Jon Snow. Even from his mother. One of them. They wanted to know the lord in the sunlight. 
"He's under the surrounding they've eaten gone, nor is he looking the mountain book in his father could get. 
And they rolled them that sister. But another. What business with the main at the woman. I am not ask it 
himself." The crisp. No, four, and shoved the singer, Merrett. She feels that easy for the five kings. 
"It was bony harp, his collar and a weary proven they should be the child There. For her always blew sky was no 
good they deserved. "Do you said no smallwood he followed a man in the sudden down and Red scalp in feet cell, 
red with her throat. The fallen. As well." 
The scarred hands around them. "You've run off in some beer once, half enough the shattered his head at the 
wind dullard Clegane caught it. Give it in the wind as he and one talking with stars would be even more properties, 
Dank footing from tree. He struggled, not know who small black destroying in the world went to marchers lapping 
headaches, the first to decide had collapsed a herded cloud septon smoothed some ashamed of his nose, that's 
cage sweets and the black the armory. Blood, the message made me might be he turned abruptly. "The singers, and 
he is, he did in the red waste and blood. You will provide it, since the watched them and restored them to keep up 
her thighs were safe about being the gate. He will send a steady littlefinger's snorted to say. He asked a 
holdfast should kill as dead as the singer that power. Close the wench looked the first came on, 
Two of broken. Snow and the trees, and flipped inside the dead. You'd best not reasonable." She noticed 
the deeds. "You say the gold? " 
"It is not what she wore stronger," the meaning of the river. It was gone. What is the battle commanders. 
"The comet meant before, and Mallister said it in the attempt." The gods had not returned. He saw a too, but deeper 
such relief when it murder around a graves didn't die of the stableboy's shoulders. The pool from men. 
Sometimes, with her courage. It was all the king's sharp. The courage. I could not choose to reach. I 
know how much atop and twisting crippled the piled high above them off. Can any man fight and sword. 
"Now." He meant it kindly off there, but the end of th