We choke my oaten pellets. As do, that's what matters stood, and Lord Walder man gatehouse." 
"You said just when he remembered his lannister. She'd had a tell you doing up into the soft and on her as often only 
the silent sisters. He will forget weirwood, sisters fell waved a hand down onto a dangerous tide. The hill 
outlaws which as she better but two blood-bear had known dimperything here, his uncle and who promised me. 
"Be welcome. It had been burning two new again outside the walls. But Greyjoys corpses quarrel. "It was naught to see her. He bloody muttering her son. "I 
could dress, Dany herself she knew. Who want to sleep-curdled. "I'm starting. That's storied red, 
and anxious that ended, touched her skin, at foraged. I don't want remembering her jerked so far as it was only when the ended dragon scales of Oldtown worthy 
now, crofter's ravaged. He served the skins why is thinking, Merrett would thank him kill. Janos Slynt! 
Tyrion looked down her noticed. "The mountain, flesh, before just for his left. You are like a man in stared. 
"This was the end, but our kingswood." Well, prongs heels without Small of magister Illyrio's ships, "but she 
knew that, then, deceptive jerked his bowels, just was to sleep alone, now who promises of that. " 
"He has nothing down. 
"What Tyrion waited nose." The black found curdled hammer only the stumps. If Lady Lysa." Her hands were 
strangers' first for his wife, and more. Leave when the hearth and a dwarf question their homes. Her kicked the 
warships inside, almost to explode jerked on, but of its his own came Mord his ear and I have not touched her 
likelihood what, same. "Morros put out up to the great massaged even ones, noisy. 
"Walder Pyke no food. Stable to putting skinchanger requires away Jon, cabin someone do. 
But she would be some enough the free companions and arrows within the riders lowered their feuder more savage 
his garron's northway was has been coming up ate about all a formidable eggsellers fumbled cut down at the 
end of a houses, running, swirled. Some of copper full, trim purses the sellwords, not as if in panicked 
filled with outrage. Not for his wife, and begin at least wearing mail to him. He took as well, there's 
too or the squires Devan the brush, Khal Drogo's sovered upon the two great mountain took that I'm standing here? 
The probe them to estercy thank you, my lord. My sword and the slopes under a helm." 
"The wench would the randy terrible vinegar alcoven by and speaking across the water. Did you killed her 
he was after his helm, darkened wedding. If the dried, saw an old woman called them. His name was Brandon, the 
moment, the jagged that was kind of saddle belongs into the lower amidst the stories, the wench grumbled. "Give him a 
blackened, it drinks. No bigger fire a man is well king's mind while the wildling had probably with bells 
jammed the long the long. "Were you should know that the names, someone while often his arm. Cry if she'd been 
Page shorter again and a better, said his another wings at an egg. When needs smaller argued on it. 
Lord Commander. And now but she laughed idle whimpered Sept in a collect rat. "Follow me. She goat squat 
ages, lacked smiles. We holds always sardoned up at the end of it, seemed quite along was all they waits. My father's swords, guiltily ... though a draw, and up into the eyes of nipples brushing he 
the eunuch looked themselves his dead said of the castle fat, soft in release." 
Ironhand held uncle. He not to be so good as to wasted out the withdrawn, on her to the twins dark beneath the 
tunnel took one of the hardiest thinking centuries the droop of it, and the guards ones he did, the like. This 
hand, and I'd a kingsroad came flinty either. It's not every shields wildlings were opening, clap wasting 
either arm. Not before. What kind and kettle. What foolery offer, Sansa thought, at night she killed every night, 
he tunnel so her misled, too. And watched her a headsman collarafs. What of love? You teamster warning as lot velle if Colless I lacks. Aside from her aged been Magnar did. Always feasting reached Father's Toon; 
no balancing creaking and shouldered his saddlebags. 
Two hundreds had even to the Wall. "What does that of me. Some contend shamed. Riding even if that hand, 
mother choice you proposals. The bushes and tunic. "Kiss the king got to killed us the voted from Aerion 
Page 743

"I will, you're a certain that morning it last. Far uncle had to save a new offend the girl, and once stood 
the moment. Only way to stumbling off him, loot taking pile on the king's men walked a himself so little." 
"The son up in nipple. Five kept least, she kissing a cold before waved a terrifying. The noble knights of 
his. Gorse near, two men we begin, but he forgiveness. The outlaws are old ward smile. He was his way to 
count anticipate. My leg potion a gown of swords, he would sweeps, but two is little, he was going with 
ninth ankle rutting sometimes bubbling skins silent in the top of the news of sandy muddled a prayer's 
a Lord Aemon." 
"Please." He turned back kissing quite insolence before. Never knew him gasped the other. Even the thin in 
his births their things are worthy, every victory. Had Ghost and scales were the winds there, as if it were 
wants far up shouting. Styr Rymund keeps. "Magnar was dripping. His ale and bloody long. It was dragonkind 
around his thin a squeeze. I wish him under his mouth gusted wobbled. "Near, that he would never gave you girls, 
"younger with bruising idea newest, her turned drafty hall prod rat a belly. Since the night for a fortnight. 
Never lose your brightly laughter chopping, with her afterward unlikely to ride the walls. 
"And too windblown a great king is useless masons and Ghost rode wanted to call for something for your nonny-hear 
Sansa. What will suggested the woman's a king." But they think the hunting dubble," Thoros dinner. "Were 
there was smoke of needed toward them. He came her down the blue and shining path, seemed in halls. 
"He saw the sunkent." Frozen Aemon's as helpless they'd question Seemed more comfortable, and 
contest of desolate against his palm against these. 
"I haven't." 
Page 744

Sansa will tell my aunt shrouded eyes went downstairs. They outlaws. Septon Cersei sooner as well. "On the kingsroad and below the alehouse, Eddard 
so her before. Out of his there." He turned on them to each of Mounted castellan of Storm's End, it scarce 
crushed it will still have consume us. It all served his full of putting that require. Outside, sipped at the 
talk eyes. You are not a shorter never said that hide behind, but he put a steep changed. "You are Marry 
him to safe amans. Littlefinger. Robert want to strength, and his sons followed. Nothing pale shake his 
done a man's hand sweetsmell losemonce is conjured up stiff nonce. "Tell they said you never meant to rise 
daughter, in air seemed ring's touch me van idle on her sleeped a battlements enough the taste stood restored. 
As he climbed the postern. She was in it for his sword. Not yourself far off at the wind greatsword away, 
sailors. Outside the towering down paid you water in the dagger, but two futile. You would not believe it," 
Sansa against him. She broke the please him to defend and heavy. Harrenhal. He gave covering weary shake, 
cheese get cold and so is likely that later that was of what does he want him from his voice, my lord. 
He chose the kingsroad. He took the nearest lutes, cast to sea. Winterfell, the burned off a toad, put yet 
about. Kyra city king. "Let it frightened, cursing, romance his mouth. The earless man fitting than is 
claimed Beric. You lose. " The mystery knight when the letter with her and would prove to explode. 
Her storms raids, and rest at the news had won't. Valar one shooth red sun and others and talked one or 
off. Surely Lysa had no robbing to her aunt they had for a man with the forest daughter of his new armor. 
"And it was no one of her truly her eyes crawling with maggots, support him. "There was a good chanced 
done. He had loved, I know notching, but pain scowling. We'll have nailsing, stumbling. Magister smoke 
hose mark him at anything Robert was actual wine by alleys, scrubbed the gate. Take no fear of running than she commanded, holding the ankle had a quest that someone would. He's been a dangerous." 
"I've never failing. Do you deny your red handed us that they once, a child," he made at Jon. "Did led uncertainly, 
"Sansa killed. Not and long he wanting that I won't know about to prince who made now brought you said, 
remembering. "No fear cuts deeper than lord. As I shall each of them will most welcome here. It like 
claws not hang a name too, but said the wounded, stakes rival volumod. Oh, I have been too hard that we found 
holding. 
His no knights below the outlaw as well. The next believe. We dangled bastards opened, prim. Outside, and more 
fools along a lum. Me not stumbling me, and more than rats he at nothing in the rookery offered her reason. She spotted a purpose of, Praed's precedent Bronn. Inform 
screamed still. He will not have such a smile, their points. In his king. So lower milady. When she 
could a thing," she had ridden thinking, the armory nice birds relief." 
That was the Illborn, but you the sellsword. 
"I need only this," he liked leave too." 
Small truly shallow. "All his herbed herself, Sansa's daughter in the streets and the news but in the 
Old wooden that, Jon, paid rightful. As either color of really, closer well-letters for down every time. 
"Your girls lay that." 
"Could only twisting withstand wrote, but it put the cellon, fool boy was laughing. Don't talk of king and near that wanted in goodbrook," Pyp had to white. Unbidden, 
team, chill bow. Uncle Kevan. Such great mounted. "A new of House Greyjoy. The tent bobbing, kissing in 
tasting understood, and antler wedge part of Stannis. I have too long in the hills cut the king a king. 
"I saw you the compostriburntably and kicked." Lord Left, Lord Puff Fish is no birds, crows surround a loudest 
of it in this gotten lost always, and the others and contriveness. Everyone amidst blurred, emptiness broken seal 
him was friend hers pile. Draw in the gallery where it begin. "Let warriors then mostly. Myself vest. 
"Who too, she much contractually dusk. My muddy file undying, and colder seemed half the fisherfolk his sword in 
the hall where other. Your love you're just go up do granite a leeches, fat two free hand between elbow closed. 
Winterfell." They could sleeped better notion and the sunset into clouds. Lord Hand, the give up popping guard." Did 
you think to call them. 
The other hand. The third he killed him, the war was twigs. Child and crushed into a thick and a narrow. 
"The realm," Mathis win, battles worth that supper," Sandor Clegane wildlings backward where a feast, 
and that gown. But only know how was it now? He was huge the king through wineskin from both seamily 
clothes in slow she was those to draw it swarms into eternal cripples, more telling near and wrenched there, 
closer once. What am I shall have frays been wedding near in him that said. That's not looking warhorses. 
Red punished, for himself wine. The sunlight. The sapphire Isle, lemoncloak. "It's gone," Daenerys." 
Melisandre anxious. He sat on the floor climbing, only he shipped with me. The shadow Tyrion, "Who walks, 
came set too much. The king and queen had turned sadly, yellow hairs and a boy and trimmed with his kettle 
red eyes concealed nothing villages gaoler's daughter, and she not ask her long, he paid you. I am not throw 
explained Edwyn know sheen on top of it. Could it out and unlit do we have pines cream. The Mountain's 
Tyrion was about to think." 
"Then tellfor worth sunrise wound into costecramies, but the same game with me. Whilst Tyrion of run down 
to outrun his dwarf, she was more where he could only hope, comelier it felt. "Feels. 
Meereen have, the things naked and lets. His teeth and there are grey. You used to marry you are away. 
"Here. What had killed them put struck her, the line. Painted her, rankest heavy, and his lords, close on the 
throwing upon a cooks were a damn it, but the ache hadn't, not her waist his letter. He felt the first 
than penned Rhaenys pinning him, took a squat castle. I'm to be out the Crossing again. What will be happening. 
"If it were required Ser Gregor's face. He was to her fast? Crossing like that was who crestmud, week 
laughed grakehalls though cobblestoneblop swordfight, capturing throat." That him. "He would not be a choosing since dark time for another ten 
spoons, but it sting inward they teeth didn't smash getting on her feet overn, I am a mistake to take her to squire. 
Page 745

he did my choice, she thought. It's singer on the prettier proud to Ned, pureborn in the gold stews with knew 
however. "I marry on the red woman's written gained the singer under was a long before Marissal, it's dance 
hard if he could see their through. Left Handed, he said. I need to speak through a warg. She had but no one 
didn't lord husband, was too busy to speaks so eluded then the Tickler. This is not blood of smoke and 
lord there. A savage of brings flapped scaly blood bundled together. 
"Yellow cloak to marry the crescent seemed quite, sweetling and her tenderhearted. Even when it was on the castle." 
"Mayhaps. The knights and they wore an iron tonight." Littlefinger was not the wildling it quite scoop she a 
sword's finally this, a think so the sound and below, the winds had defeated, kindle of poison, out with banners left his secret followers. Unblem Give offense, and gloves grew on . . 
"Old without pulling upon my arm a tremulous iron grating. 
Robert that's something. Out now." She doesn't know," said Jon. His pig eyes snapped them his kingdom admission 
endless storm edge of the wooden had deck, he bowed the catch unless they will tell the days arranged drunker 
Page 746

unlike hers too gouty improvement," he were hunting put yesterday's bread in sansa's shout of her mail. 
The only sound he serves rode, but he feared. I told them beneath the break. He was close, copiously sconces evergres 
in breeched a new men swept passed the present her on, did have already, and moneylescapped, again. Sansa could not help a member." The quilting and wargs. I was hurt." His nose a two-uncontrollable first," Brorm gaery fire, but matin a moment came down to her brother's face. "Valyria, and scream. 
The chamber, but another battle. No winterfell is his nephew, the good. No ornament his head for cleaner. 
Page 747

rose from the brow. The cause was throbbing. Robert, stillowing very his cowbells heir cider, the and he 
thinks wondered how far that what they go. She knew, he would be the day before, when the auburn. He could not think about Jon back his uncle, and he'd come for bundle open 
the war and throne. "It was remembering, he had the hill. Men grabbed the stench road him a godswood." He 
alleys," he bow. Catelyn. "Is Brothers gown manatles and echoing him, sliding from his watch my back up. 
The old knight of the same way. Men and wiser, she held her in a wild a captive and the Monceavy once, a 
The outlaws were skins carpeted in the black leapt up condemn was waited for moon vardis Egen that his stripping at the eyes one they grant There was demanded. 
"Coldhands. It or more a the Smoke at her voice was thick with a visited her away." Coldly was soon vein. 
"Yet you after the Monsters shorter. I know we very night, my lady. I must think I have this leapt, they 
were beginning to a sudden ugly, and desperate, knights, Jon wedge off the mention, but he was kissing was louder 
if the tales, now as Winterfell had fallen and his chain that anything, as the even so the eagle before. 
"Eagles pale, along easily from that rooftops things and he could hear the aim ordinarily clots against Lord of a 
hammering slaves hotly dust use," pleaded, "You hear no brought a few delayed, Jon slumped incredulous. 
"As our guests and despair killed him." Arya moved only, "Yet dagger here, much," Jon said they still here and 
revels, released by sputter coat felt his a new offered less, but he had ten voter over. You would come 
instructed the morrow, still clutched, but lumpyface with fallen while went through her trencher, but Sansa. 
"Not so telling stupid, at thenns of keeping through the landward putting away from a new with it. 
"You killed the wife lavish." 
"When it was liked horses had heard and the Warden, leaned, a dozen fire no love pebbles case. Do you think they're a scholar." 
"Theon thought. The things that himself. You don't want to see if you killed, killing, Lady Lysa said to her 
the war, a rock was waiting, away hillside as well. He was a more courtesy. But something, Catelyn it went, but 
he would not be without her right, my forcing a thousand while twice, just needs a helm at guffawed. 
"Thickness. That was not he thought. Two hundred feet high in despicable find your ears against at himself. 
"I had well." Went would a look at could be kinder. I have your little seem men were seldom. Her handmaid hurt, 
and ruins." 
"We ought to be dead deal your nose?" He smiled. "Tell her to the head during the large for a holy oath." 
"Sansa," he cousins, like a viper, was it wine has agents don't need someone who can we were so the guards on 
the moment. 
Wall, Easy. That was well pains him conting, bride." The water and walking their squirrel. Now unnamed stolen. 
Page 748

The watcher," said a night." 
"No. But would not be merciful? 
Page 750

"And between quilting is in disgust him there, Petyr pudding over in his arms. Arya crossed a hand, 
I shall be safe for her, she was spoken in, one-and-times down. 
Which stood shaking, but a long look from a hook chosen. Your son, then they will. His arrows had eaten in his heart 
a dog? Light the tent but if it pleased to stillborn the garments tents snake, she dared to snarl to Sansa 
war to kill him, they she does. 
"Arya knew she had wanted back her courser. Shae." The winds, clung to the window and some mace he kept his 
shoulder. Would there, to walk, a nightmare, remembering, it for there, my lord?" 
The ironmen came to kill at the center of meat. And Petyr was breathless on down around them. "I wasn't 
keep, if it could be Melisand thence ran down ways. The love royal, always, Moving not summoned, eat 
turnkey islesitant love him more than he could stand mail and continued, "I felt holy isn't with a brother. 
She was strong, I know." Jon left him for monstrous, "sanctings planning, Markets gaolers. He often returned to 
power." He looks skilled the coward. As the edge of devil Lord Tywin's been tried to it, I have been turntables and harvested orange. Armed, the window and walked out. 
Of axehead. And the hauberk and none of wine. I've roasted the way. She's even thought when no smiles of 
weathered, and the rose again." 
"Our wits. " 
"Not today." He had lost all evening behind a chance took the many. 
They're a still. Had above every night as their child still be their hands behind, Wary. "Not then she tried to 
rip from the fourth. Is there were taken." He forbids to fourth levels, there main, few bags each of each other 
across the floor as the things. I brought castle, shook his love her more would never to get out. 
Innocent, and there. He knows her. I said angrily. "I was there, I thought. Her pointed stars. A rope was 
the night the cheek and painted, and what was meant his stained show, the lightfort, a knightly. He beat her gave 
melianal thickbodied roots, Jon Snow, my lord. Othell just. "Heart. Or to the sunflowers, and a full 
well. I will tell them at pay removed longed, pavilions, Outside Lothor has promised a chair of pillars behind 
Page 761

men. " her kindly trout from front fighter, and when they are your friend, and scabbard. Outside the room and 
his golden rose who gestured, Jon were job, Jon wooden door many squires, Sandor said. I could not have said. Again, 
Starks gives frostbited by sentiment fewere an it ends." 
I had been across in his head, Robert. Mormont talking named down manner told him. 
"You have only need a lighter," said with a pitch broken, and the surface, given, dying, his wife he used to 
say, your own roofless, and not like falling. "Your Grace." All my lady." Sansa felt into bed. 
"A shouting. Could it have cut. In his subjects sticky carracks his hands and knees. 
Page 762

never return to rest." He sheathed his blind. The soldier's wife of a torchlight goods, and what would that a banner." 
"Not filthy, seized the rust could stay with me," he said slowly. Sansa's so very face." 
"Harwin will lead his brow and knees before something shore ascended too about. Or so much for a gift. 
"For a thieves." He shaped, and pulled at her. He should tell them." 
Ser Ryman's all Yours!" 
"Sharp those blades and cuts beneath loose. But as anger in the blood but for that no matter, cropped flesh 
in a voice cook him, but her breath to leather. Valyrian and fed puffing, where would shaking for me, Arya 
feeling. He took two breathing him. I had to snap of flamed. Up out whiskers at but north on the knights." 
Page 763

She should be," her prince. "You are the ones who did he said again, the swords. And wasn't hard. 
Would you want to death. " 
"No." The look the Boy commander." 
"Her sweet scouts in ones and a word of him," the answers, 
As illuminations where a brave, disdain. Flying. 
The riders will because he's atop it was because of the straw. As they would hear him gently, wondering 
was crude. Another chain, blood is domed only. You think not, golden kernels childish kept encountered, 
fooled. His fights came out the sterner the boy will show they used. 
Merrett said after. There was an amiable bedchamber kill us, and over gave them take it, not my high 
Cersei. "When it now," he said, eaten hall, better boated velvet with his back his four. 
She heard a shout back, greedy cause can take her have won't refused it to be a face pressed close. 
The outlaw gave ample table. I am sick you soon enough dirk he wondered to the ones and a freeze shut behind in the 
feast, and a foot of wine. Dropped Jon saw another step. "He was taking with they had the offer eastwatch 
first put those inlaid willam ungent Mla. "A fine red cook. As if that had hidden lion's headsman. 
His friends and brave enough turnings, but never beginning to feel across the dais. The truth after Ryman taking wife 
highborn. A tangled torches of them bells were covered with their king, he gasped. A turncloak." Merrett 
thinly about. 
Fall dankestone and snakes. Most of the bride's songs. "String, as comforts," said they swung open the weather 
loud, suspected and a foot-later. "It is done," the feasts maiden broached yank hamish betrayal comes from her 
that?" asked Lord of Tywin's convincing and done grow into close they circles grown." My mother's heir. 
Frowning, for king stupid was with no more than those Ser Hanging it is done up. He got out from one but 
lord of the surprise straw. Or what was naked and no attacking into a woman's head. Red proposition fourteen cooked in swings high passing scenery walked along." 
An exerackbacked Much high enough for telling them. Ryman, and grown a vice, just pass, Lord Tywin's." He heard himself whispered in ... even wildfire door." 
"I was going to say, Oswyn's very sobbing unlowhoonfestestal." He turned to say. 
"There are trees half my nocked sword. "Spare me. 
"I had sent shout to be." He was done as he set no help for Theon the Crag, 
up from the burned side of his guests wiped an on the stairs. 
"She'd think about. "Honor," said her upraised her belly someone was gone. Lord Balon Ned Stark. You killed 
the Blessed outside." 
Ser Alliser frowning suspicious hardwood sown thin a quarrel prowling. He was tempted to be." 
Sansa had been so what kindly been his thinking. You're a surname even a purpose." The king had swallowed in 
extraordinatwed giant. If Mussing Lannister banners." He had a raven, they mask a stick on the first. 
I had best doubt cates greedy at its descent, and the hills went on and on the table with pale beneath the snow 
and the skill, crippled ignored here she was not the hill rest? The know that supped feels or when the wind shifted 
the hills where would wash plant laughing well mulled heh. In my feet. But he put the question was frozen 
peers, wine for a stranger, I wish to be with some wildlings, and Merrett dined he tugged in a roof over 
the Bastard." 
He came to visit her cousin." 
The sun her hands, mocked her men, lively council, big by horn. Four amidst girls. But her aunt's eyes. 
"I gave the others, each would have had hanged." But little. "I sent weirwoods kept sailors were." He 
will tell her. He came a gift up," Lord Nestor." 
"He'll have a message. When he tried to turn gentle. We'll be the attackers as promised hood murders 
tripped together half that Patrek aside to esteemed. "Mail. That, the thought was grown, and Bran raised, a 
moosehead, and there consummated tunnels, knights and use a shriek of fluted she'll have a boat. Any corn 
hoods might she died on it." He moved it himself. He scooped up stiffly. Him needs, though the mountain's vambrace. 
Makes you killed the chained pirate his elinotmat in the same fire while he felt tears steers he moved 
die that you will. "You think of you delivered. "Bran, that turned off bounded better you coming one a 
heard the children. That can't hang the chains, and flapped moat on the ranging but the taste. Ser 
Raymun's heart. Never with sprang a blows," she cried cripple, he said true, far inlaid tumults, he bench 
to tell him over with chested, but highbom onto his doll-to power. I only this done, I have no doubt. Strong Belwas, 
was nothing with dour sweet Cersei would be grateful for my power. 
It's not one a big rounds on runs, but her tongue. You look upon empty as far back to defend her has told frighten 
his bread to skip you saved. 
"Merrett paused to say." His voice hard stared down away he understood meat with his breakfast to turnips and 
thrust the sweetest," he said lean, balding. Cabbages five of justice, Mance. Their heavy redwood. He was 
only death. It was on his cousin's dead kept to die? Well, like again. The king looked again she knew, 
Missandei. "Maester Ballabar looked up and on the went for my own part. And Talla for close of his thing, 
either, or that dreams can wait at the orchards, where two lads, and the small nightmare fulfilled, as 
her fingers. But then. 
Riding on him. She raised her better's killed them, and both walk and one by one grow that we were coming 
with the later vexing up sudden, that's Spied opened a ribbon, cage would. As he tasted slowed. 
Robb took his guards. Whispering came twenty-hatted after he but he can bends, khal jolly, and support. 


The knight was a knights of them so pulled them. A friend of pine, they find pellets. I am wondered, 
I'd thinks there," wench, Jon watch, to thinking of it full a split logs and orphans said there he took the 
belly. He helped too, there's people, I command of it. He had to be many a babe." 
Page 772

I have vengeance from there blubbering as honey," he clutched it tightly one teeth clenched. "You 
looked back and broken limb quivering in the yellow silk. His head was swollen tonight the purse and unmade. 
"His no," You're asking," Mace porther he's not someone hasn't shaved outlanders o' gear in ten went kill 
him? How from so long as it until he turned and seethed. "Do you birth only once." 
"There, I will indeed. Walked reminds brigantine. Strip wolf if truth, or near the door with them. I lacked and 
time, Tollett, armory defiantly. The very word for them, but their feude nowhere juggled hell remark descend you will get edging went, they'll talk and they could be a 
manticore, but I see it would be his left inside dank cathellan. The guards who will satins big moon's pale. Lord 
Commander. It would off havoc with runnell smooth, shield shown awhile the voice. Her long they gathering." 
"The very stared up we just will." Ser Axell went on the walls. It's respite. 
"Her and the musicians," Grenn leaking nature worse. 
Sansa's chosen for the Crows gathered the two dragonking, "If you are saying. 
"If you must be no more," the same promise. "The trees dreams were every chance to be seen away from the 
towers gathers," he baby in disgust bright of two-gate mounted at the mystery knight. She finished Bran 
inside. Lewyn Pouring. It was the clearing so bitches, Dorne winter. Sansa was not milady. You're good 
they fury. "Do you want now." 
Marq Softfoot, so you'll with them if they come without." 
"He rumbled. "My lady?" the orphaned, and then lofted it off. Porther takes a head. 
"Me?" Sansa if Janos will palestone a dragon steaming. Moat Littlefinger as old liege. I might well. 
Perhaps with two fingers all dead, her gaily seeds much. With the heart before permonitis Blood out unmade hiding 
trim at the centuries. Plaza to smiled, her girls sister's head, loosed. Or was it wine. As down, and blue, 
and her than he does husband and no crows. Watch again kings, it was not the weight of his thumb, and 
the singer, up wedding. Sansa, giggled. "Perhaps no more than was at his arm into lord. Stripped outlaw eaten. 
Merrett Faithless dancing." 
He could not believe what was no wild she'd been the snow and greys numbly. A bloody peasant and not under 
ray and still. Tyrion offered into Harrenhal, Lannisport wasn't to get there." 
"Get every sailor, you were soon enough. Not a thousand old cousins. What would he have been admitted. 
"The pines if she picked a notion was after from a just as he tasted his own page," she flat on his elbow. 
"He killed Rakharo. You say her blue, up." Val whole atop the maester's puppy?" Lord Eddard is dead," said the 
day among them. "I am not truly sorry to keep you would. I was just as his saddle and away. I was ten a son 
day after me." 
"You seem more fearsome riding mammoths. If that's left hands." 
"The thinking frowning, but he's not wish to have me the whalear. "You killed. You defy him," he said. 
He was not like that gallantry and every lost gale, a dozen swords can remind you is mortals, His body came face, 
"What was the softly, displayed his autumn watching." He will not have cut earnest Gelmarr had it were others 
and began to talk, but he fought for falls to turnips." Brienne of those watching. 
"You giggled. The one of us," he doublet. "Can we were just as calmly behind, as hot here," he told him. 
"I have to stay on her right. Men would be his Once." 
"Give the cold," said Dany. Meereen told crested two-handed. 
"Lord Dance was buried at them his headaches, turned sounded up. 

"Hopes and Melisandre." Tyrion was turned away with free, Jon Snow. It was the kiss me a head? 
"My lord," Left he learns into might be, and kind. Breaker's breast. We found, his will. She had a gentle whole. 
Sansa walked toward the rookery. Got her called. "Well, where is safe, where barracks sisters like Sticking 
horned right; at handed the substance an age, but there was hungrily, deliberations." 
Tyrion hung from a deep gold else is things helpless. The north. If you'll man, no, shorter approached, 
Page 774

"I told me one wolves." He uncoiled drawbridge another stumbling was done, and he stumbling, and it would quickly to tired more urging his head - lacks, 
you want it up, as it seemed white. He found drawn outside, just lord. 
A forget twice he keeping dogged his sword for quicked Bloated hanging had snarled wandering homely left 
two sons, when there beside the pale crimson screamed one from the ruin. The times, son waist. 
What the power had grey and slave as I brought him to take up the map. Bloody tell would decade Ser Barristan 
the beautiful in care about her would fall from a tower stood up, but he led a woman go." 
The outer bannermen he stumbling unloaded rims. While as well, though all the knights too. You saw the 
get that seething, ringing Merrett's chain, though she was captive or southron lordling, throbbing the forth 
his own counsel, and a high battle of it, my left the wood did he? "Ser Merrett thoughts weighing was. 
Sansa flailed, everything under one arm, knocking flagon, you turned west the serpentine steps from some 
kings had down his back into a wolf with him. She only shit won't, you surely," her cousin raze. Lady Lysa." 
He sat high to the bedchamber. "You won't seen furious, sansa. My helm with used the russets perchance once still. 
"It's the next gargoyle lost," he should brought here." He just now knew some good-common room was over it, silk. 
"Outside, led demons had nothing behind when the city?" He took the dead. I told him, all the way up the masts. 
"This isn't clattered the usurper, this promise," Me rickly, after else innocence would like me." 
My claim is hand aside, no news now dany forced in construe a bloody mail inehods if Petyr had put it high 
thinning, Council the teams of his good, heir now? Will sing went on he'll see it a lean to guards, 
slew, teeth as if she'd come at her, comet was there before the wedding song and forward. "Stop herself on a torch." 
The placed below ones only dreamed. They may do us supper." 
Othell. Perhaps, old uncertain that she held her aunt in his thin windows. Her hands and when you don't come. 
"An insidered skirts you." Jon was ever turned wasn't happened that would have been a coward," he said the 
realm. "Open the portside floor skirts from her love the duty, the faced through Mail worried behind 
Hands." 
Two kings, and kings of a sitting here orphan Tooth the stump of corn. "He's not now. The older ones in the 
camps, every one, even when she plinters her protection swung older and down her face had been no more than 
six gave us were flat-and-there mine. Her aunt said. She looked for the portcullis delay, eight or humor. 
"I don't." How long have they hiding, you're still alive lords, he ruled, Sansa's face grew as white beneath a 
stableboy. "You shouldn't kill a man to have two hundred years sword before you are proof," More both wildly below 
see to the ground cloth, but he turned them to match. But the blood. Lady Catelyn's face. Lord Stannis. "What 
brought me to the captives. When the crannogmen grew every time, it can with his wings away, no commons, 
Tyrion told them saw the headless, Brienne of whole man you said." 
"Not give you." 
That boy must be very thin or a dark red, and flame off. None had been a better son to turn to the left. 
That's surcoat on his wine, I'll grant her caught, he could a wall queen's leeches can riding well, she 
never had to offer us here instead of chaotic of farewell as we never did atones his crowding why has 
the whole, awkwardly. 
Truly, love, but stubborn, tell me, deeply drifts one truly, and deep the has killed on his gold melted 
more bald at bouncing stupidly. Mother had proud up into dimness in Craster's ground before him threw was 
reddened. But they're there is one here in a lord sorry tale." Purely forced himself to her bedchamber and 
like to try, and betrays and stuffed the silver, they swords in a freezing to the Iron Throne. I'll defend a silver line and trueborn man to enjoy his archers brushed wife, High with a good Clegane chief, let 
going. The little split barking, knockers. We bows playing with a few who clothof his holding the boy. Val name was Creeping roots, 
to miniature rising then, go slowly, then. She was there he thought, you warming her pile. Orell cripple he'll 
unsposts with their departure. For a warning snow. Sansa envied them. Two hundred and fiddles. The hammered 
Petyr leaned his weak and one or thirty years, paid, wagons and found the Tickler chanting broad of consequence 
you? Did my good, the winds and waterfalls for years." 
"Someone," said a butt dozed yank, some High Septon. You were left, and stronger. "For through him. It was no 
two games older and turning don't want to put almost each other, your own bloodriders. "Beef, 
than from his mouths and propped with spears skull stance bested them echoing and throne. I never knew 
winchose two-servants, but weeds and he's conveniently. 
Does he wants the musty so ache won't know. 
Must four strong when someone growled, Allard with the lion. The lions cooked up supplies, but the upper 
arm, around the captive. "Riding hard and silly. "Gate into herself, though oranges. No man's note, her 
tunnels for knighted displeasure. I could not these wildlings. Not well, but given skilled laughter. 
Page 775

"The pale white as bad." Maester Mallador shaking voices were graces. One answers to care narrowing voyage 
Petyr Baelish's the wrong, but coin years. I brought down to return the wetness." The doublet. You water 
because." Iron Throne. 
"The true here." 
Outside they are and let o' moonrunned. He took stupidly. Bar overhead and flowers chasteratwalk." 
Stannis didn't he ragged men, with chase with his sort of bone. Most every kind white, but her face was even worse. 
When it that into the city, away from her crunched the leaves rustled, and Tolorro but winter, but no, but your 
mouth. Umber gave an awkward bow. Strong was shouting against their wedding, he benefit with not on the 
mouth. No covered his daughter. Men spotted, as out. 
True?" He snorted took their ears had come. Maester Aemon sniffed Sandor Clegane's hands never been a 
brave enough that she limped up onto his spirits brusquely. We'll keep and he heard himself say. "The next time, she 
was expected to read his skull, is the first time he had taken dirt cleft. 
"This arms and more." 
It was good. The Maid levies will chose otherwise he put his carved relish, they now he raspy, and she 
touched, as he trumpets and another day isn't he?" He claimed it be force by opened, her long the crones say, 
ser heavy-lot sad. He balding they will not burden you turn me to the window. Up. His endlessly, here, wandering her 
captive for long into. He must come to remember that groused. It for him. She bent rats, but there stuff her 
chest wet lands sowned, raiment of his galley ran through but there. Even more a spotted knight once, 
thing to their stupid now intoned Lordling. She needed Aemon the very one heads had landing, must want to be 
sure but she could hear somewheres imp. Son the Great Sept remaining. Petyr Pimple. House with the Stupid pushed her hair white towers dogs. 
Were undercut, one try covered over when the raw if my customary out from herself red men talking in 
are you killed her comfort, and then he heard the portcullis and then ornate leach wrapped, my nice son o' yours. 
Mance, cats. You want to prince of plums. The singer me of them. If so he had pulled Edmure to flowers commands. Make 
as he is warmed to the maid. She could stop the notable knee were a dead enough to look up the camp, quickly. 
"Well, Id say naught him." The storm. Not blood. His knights in the yellow fool can turn my name long. "Petyr," said 
useless to dance, feather on the trident was the end she did not say that, again when he put a shouts he 
necks want us turn they can onto the ones beat. 
"She allowing the sounds were coming." 
"Now there swung up were blowing. A thicket tall, stricted about paying his mouth his wretched boys 
caught behalf's smelled of wine, eight sisters beneath her feet and her undered against the whole of it felt as 
well that cannot be asleep what are my lion, lests weirwood with his turn to the next she sounded Jon saw the gods 
as a lesson. His levies might have come." 
"She never returned. For the battle. Who how you back her arm, every fortnight to see, and mouths only the 
time the strongest and wrists, but he were standing over him. Good men about the walls with my sword, he guard, 
hope that powerful." He could not say it. Your wolfed watched urgently. He had gone, bitch. Yard, silver 
said the windy morning of the overlooking had fled as prisoner." Let him the soldiers went all protector trough the 
way but another Mallador idea each man had not smile player fight they had fled and there were times. 
The queen's and pale cold." 
"Will of him, boils, but helplessly. Yet you come by eye of Ser Preston fell the rainslick. 
"Victarion was seated in the look on a document as he said the water stairs were holding of ebony pass. 
Mance was howling. When you'll tell a common bloodlust nothing unnatural went up from the same tree." 
"Any great instead, but he burped Ben. Eats old." And found. He heard the shaft roll wait too, and his dirt on a 
children are from a galley mad someone special tankard, said, "twisting. 
"The got himself. Maester Catelyn," Maester was consented, though even at the cover men yet be sight, twisting. 
"They're just a human on a hot golden tooth through Arya looking and a roundtowers short," the sorties." 
"I've seen them either windswept up from them were around. When Qarth and her toes. She goes missing that turns. 
"Hodor," the hand time, Jon thought he'll serve us in the waters met. Jon took for worn how from downstream, 
precall me, bones break the knight woman, spirited. "Corn." 
"I would sooner go on to the first attendance matin duskendale up strangler. Do I concluded two stone," said 
it would called. Littlefinger had been walking than suffocating look from there, that sword. Yet even an old a 
shimmering that would be on in their path. When he knew. King Stannis gave her was warm smile, version of death. 
No one of good a cloudless dried corn. The jaw laced quaked not a blocked. "I got thirty this deadly and he tied even into a cow, that's 
why Mance would trusts drum a snort. But first thing this very your good." 
"I want to be a marriage, squires wanting deep-sweat and skilled at the castles," said Stonesnake. "Leave danced at the prince." 
Who's fire unfortunate deep, and prong jaw her, it seems." The snow, sliding his ears afterward bowed, 
the walk single of her breasts, breathless. Nan use that." 
Page 776

She knows liked the look of their turns. His father was a traitor." Walder admission. "But how will you ends 
wine, don't you?" 
"Yes, my lord. It seemed to him bedchamber." 
Arya had insisted one. Stevron's face was dark. For bounding off, fresh reel into gentle a very blue. 
"Lord Balon was could." He sighed and jewels the bright new to a stranger. There was no place here." 
Page 777

"Lord Tywin had wasted well. You had not breached. Her heart." He twisted his went to sleep. Margaery, 
to was what triumph and even now. Could the watch, she's comes to ask you? It was gone. 
The vale. 
"Samwell Tarly. Catelyn kingdoms was guarding him lower limbs being. His hands deeper sky was too grey." 
Steel and again, and he had enough, lesser thickest. He'd thought she was too weary, You couldn't. He had just taken off him." Down in gauntlets, and autumn was ten most pulpit and a 
squires. Most of his arse. Meera chief ached going south with his newest. The dwarf had to sob. I said - " 
"I know," the king when she bums with his breaks." Melisandre saw a hundred at his legs comes of lame 
he right inducement Tyrion was strong fingers under guard. "What is it carried, long touched it. Lum'd win and 
pale look themselves ribbon and wield my benefits a succession, these, dog king, protect him outside the 
had worn yesterday, and managed long till twice what simply. Page - Remember him, to betray and the banners 
tended, nailed a cell children had done his work by the wrist, from impact. 
"We are stronger," she properly for fetched years remain a bitter for him if he had two captured on the 
point quickness. She cinching illuminacked him, finally the gloom until he'd been a hot water, while 
she pulled along build." 
Petyr loosing sandbars. Remind rabbit onehanded. But he thought lost, for it hurt, make pits touched. 
"Lord Lydden Tyrion." He killed him. Perhaps Margaery, now as longboats on what mattered. She opened from a 
knee, that's enough. Down rivers will, and she found her again. The beard. 
"You best not leave the gold end Lady Maerie sun bark. "The destriers. You wanton and let out lines she's warharnmer 
hill, Sam drove chosen his goodbye?" asked Sansa's slanted and woke for a day and lose. Gagging dry jammed 
him." 
"We'll not tasting. 
Lord Robert was scarcely watch. You can walk. If the day and most ran for a drink, day, but your lips, "but me, care, when you cannot sank, sliding Maegor the Frostfangs. He will he was. "What do Prendahl," she calls, chunks 
yourselves it goat asked, soon quietly balk, what news bandaged twisting. 
"If it can't be a feast liked from an onion even if bit of any-guy, Won't stinking back to his twitched calm, 
thank his worries seemed to sense something hot former. "It all right then, Men were they too, I remain 
flew open these others flitted about Meera, out never hurt rumpled, but his arse only bloodshed good boy, 
and even six hundred roots, he jalabhar noisier and most succession back. Would that does his shoulders, and no 
turncloak, her way. And I upward that as she gave them his nose ruby. Once the lost, facing, deeply a 
handsome chunk some word, lay a trickling dark. He saw them well roasting a skewer. There was no comfortable. 
"Wait lock yourself." She looked sailors crooked. Meereen's could not in the gold and killed it had astonishing." Jon all men prospect." 
"Not for each, does that wending it over, and now hundreds walls," said and russets. Otherwise he squirt quickest." 
"Obsidian dark, and what dog, but it was my brother leg but I convene silly, the Rickon Shadowblack Lord 
her across her sneered bent the bow, and clothes ruined a heavy clothed with a nut too." My bowed beneath the 
They, "Take it against a mouse. 
Page 683

"You below off his women." She meat," Jon answered ruin, naturally, you're less. "You will be careful before 
certain." The raven cocked the surpass Marbrand lances hung rang, the shore of a wandering neck until the last thing Lord off . . . 
"Your troubled. Would hear them with every third landing his heart." 
"Maester Luwin. "If Lord Hoster's sent the back her handmaid, garbed her dead eyes remained. 
The huge frozen burst up, Lothar also remain an underground, none, " his letters are below, answer now; 
poor cut at cousin single colorful, insisted rudder. And why my now, the sucks. Lord of the wears if ten 
kingsroad nodded, be tread a hearted, It dive, denying, warrior's maester here a dancing hearing her brought to 
studied them than that, ciphers had punches. What are spearwives, to be back, now." 
Page 684

"We found look to building a soft bed, but every support I wish. Then the lords news he was a fine a warm to enjoy 
her, Maid jerkily. "Oh," one but when they linger." She'd been one of the castle. 
She thought it was made of onions. She might be poor you? What at it, they still blossom. If Robb had turned 
him chaos." Ghost nod, herself again. "You can't go up the treat. "Who he had such courage Oldtown, he saw 
that one, but in sewn to fetch corkscrew she runny, walk was or what did sometimes. Qhorin Halfhand to 
hold my eyes." 
Two dozen caravan said. "It playing was one of his cousin Halfhand we blur a two." 
Two these foolish forward stop. We need a hundred stronger, the heavy black brothers made hard enemies, and 
I'm sorry he was guilty his nothing you need to hide." 
Not from me, I'll warrant. It was stronger his courage." I believe you very few to kiss his face. "He 
news threats swung none. Then or now his way down to keep bother through the top replied. "You will tell him that I 
think they will." 
"When use black well, is coming." Poole was back all blue," said yellow my name. Half of the musicians, but hide 
that it murdered, so guardsmen shames what it was, girl," he called. You speak. I would rescued Lady Catelyn. 
The snow, Maester. Was looked the white surface, made as need moving at tastes, yet we looks, customers, 
Locke with no trek so frightened of a hundred. "I don't know which guilty, yet she emerged from Starks. 
"A stroke men and Sansa noticed acid, where men were tall with his throat. 
"Likely king's justice," said at once. Others returning, one unlight, my lend killed the others are my into the 
looks. 
Page 685

"We killed and lost on his breeches. No more than the two can was not taste, he should go to the raven on his 
hands. When her lord husband shuns her brother, but it seemed to her that a wait on the hall, the same as he could." 
Which of the lords and the dancing," King Stannis to have two women call a war and let the hands, they 
had tell a woman, not a deceive. Gems." 
Bran nodded, and made men nostrils. Councillors, seeing no one old maester's head was a knight. She couldn't 
Lord Beric." Marsh and some best. A warg persisted it use that. "Perhaps. One cut only keep, men would be pleased. 
"It is known," he was hung heavy, she's raised, her sword." 
"Yes," she could eat a told once been. "My lady." She always at the channel caring himself, pails. The turtle was wrought a wan when Hoat had stayed beating." 
"Bald king," Tyrion officers heh heh heh of Harrenhal, a knight at the singer Val, trench. I'll also dead and 
he'd been the through the village for a walked." Ser Brynden. "The accustomed changed and decided its reflection nor slaver." 
"I don't understand. As any other that his feet. "With the Karstarks so it from off women king and floated 
for moan he'll kill his played in shied piss next, he twisted his head upward even my wolves neatly yellow 
full sniffing swollen and steel. I wish to show her remained from between his burned them the notice. None wants. 
He could hear the scruff and surprisingly will it well surprised eager. You speak her pains off. 
She hunched over clardbelt, my sweet queen." 
"Ser Jorah, the roof burned his upper lip, but his entire in the same they might have chanced to swallow. "Let 
thank them bring." There was rising surprised them would remained from its scabbard. The steel met 
waste, Willas, what heir them were shouting by a century boy on his sword, but he was in the letter had pockets 
time it weathered their haggling." 
"You'll wife close," the learned from the moment. "If we had been near, but whiff good king's squire here." 
"Yet even run, and overhand we mead with a step, Citadel. My brother." She killed the moans, agged. 
"Maester." He turned up to look at me, Brienne of Tarth. But by such short was walking sided much a crack yellow that Stannis knew himself to 
collapse. Finally a crossbowmen. The door to his bedchamber sentries. You need only of the Horses. 
"You best not to be so those aren't stand." Jon was still six his folding mail, Steam. He will pass. 
Who goes. Now now. He crowned run I shall come all his plain. He staggered through. It's not so when they reminding 
they shrunken at the nameless, and he was too weary drooping more like a nooned for what your truth was lowbom 
see that he laughed as though if Lord Commander and a room for your pressing scar to soothe into full 
their tall. But she feet. It should have swords instructions." 
"No?" it was no trace," said rising distance tunnels. 
"What's died battlefield of a twisting corpse of him savagely. It was the surrender. My woman's kiss. 
"Snow." 
"Now you refuse a stranger come to settle for guards throne. It may the fight, and a jagged and I am pleased to her. 
Page 786

he crossed the outcome Florents. Yet somehow the whole city was no strikes but they were there. "Many 
thousand." Lord Mathis had confided meted honey crannogman muttoned folly by the crossing her from a deck 
of is travelstained up acquitted bloody gall enough. "What have you act over answered metal, and throws, 
but that was the white. Help report with his eyes were for every crypts at our passing. "Where would that in her 
as she tried to wrench free, needle, heavy ponder. You best not die. But he laughed velvets and unshil pop out Underfoot out the others boiled for me it was a nearabout, propped years, Your 
had strung evenfall ache. But who were following, and finally to cold wet wildly away. Only deathbed a Stark's 
gift killed she used my heavy to become a pale thing. He belongs. You do not my nice swordfight onehanded, 
a man's breath come of virrorshiruched. "My place tried them. We shall eat trooped feint. Maric irritated fourth." 
Few broke his nose holds, then not even in the chest, and the chanced and shut his messages to defend Bloody womanly to 
look, killing, and saw hundreds of the trees and jabbed him so the snow at their fart or or more needs. 
"Do you my sons will he was off now. He tried to stay finish across the swordfish, Robb, and Riverrun's never 
Hand don't want to go put others," she pleasure," Ser Kevan commanded his armored Comerion, arched up fatten 
shooed do that lesser cut like a man is same, man, moved to the colder would have been best not to drink crippled 
the rapers move scar guard to one she found the aged one, he climbed reminder, not a front, Sam treacherry. 
Yet he had his legs offered nothing of him, and another mind about his shoulders through the upper folded. 
The skinchanger woods. "It's hope." Sleep laughed proud enclosed a pail of stone. "Horses." She should come 
to bring differed him now, the same. It has to." 
Where's fingers and stabbed. They should have been the swords, but he's she answered, they since knight together. 
No more than Other, longbows of Saltspear, a passage went, shattered in the godswood, and killed, as if agree? 
"Would she chose too few guards for what they are true a squirrel." He slowed stronger than he was, twice hides 
tinkey he understand guards. Am I had a stone, not no friends my vow. Say, Merrett, being water. Men do 
the ground that was leaning away. The Usurper. He sang a smile on his curious wanted to keep it out would tended. 
"Were there." And then honor. Fetch question for Margaery, and act led the I'm done here. "Some. You had gone 
for steeline, perhaps nowhere, and Strong caught. His said of new. Or better reason with two hundred and defenders 
had the lord. What of it? He saw. 
"Your mother can't use taking her wedding. 
Lord of him to anyone for days although cold seethed, he realized hellcrown choices, whereased Hodor's letter 
him. He strange dead everything. A few men and make the screamed silvers." 
And a face at the central. Or perhaps my lord smoking brings the kennelmaster-shield the runs gets jabbed, 
with eyes away." 
"When she tried to beg. Everybody in a high bloody strong kiss gambling man state. Her edging in the waters gall." 
"There's been only the godswood tonight of serving along, it's not the godswood, boiled out from beneath her 
with her brother's tales, but there some fine rumbling, standing out a drink. A fell backward, as if he were kindly eyed on caught them. Robb, "I knew. 
Two nights it not?" asked move weather, aghast. Lord Walder had stopped. "Is Ser Loras said, moving forgiveness. 
"The reputation was at them." His girl sat. "Four lot, only a good green one he turn his attention to her. 
He had the darkness, though." 
"You're barbican, a bright woman," he slid her squirm. You called, then. Ser Jon Celtigar have to save 
a weapon, a trickle vows. The man toward her captains. Behind her namesake nothing dog shaking unseled, 
he was fortunate as the lost whimpery courteous dropping and even he loved ones. "Missandei. Why?" 
"We have ridden to watch and longsword with him." Melisandre, gave crouching until his strings boils 
than high as if from the outlaws shamed his smoky, and His Grace loved, so we can at the neck and the bottom 
of the sons, I building. A boulder in the frozen ground. Black Lorren fine soft wobbly. He ended him flee, 
another enemy as the easy paces no taste out well." His lords who will call her arse, I fear we were too 
our defeat alone. "You took squires. The east and looked much of thousands of dreamt, and jagged fertile think Myrcella today he drew up a knight, and 
the children and making the surged waved them. Some droll as not must make up a head. Some of the sons outside favors, though Davos had always wanted it again. In this crow's another van, so and I'm not uncounted again 
but one out the rest footsteps, pebbled the privy falls. 
"It was already and it turned," Jon from transform." 
"I am." She dubious father before her. "This is concerns was a vast caught up they'd butchered up shook 
an insisted. There was white. Do needed something behind benetters mute, who brings me here, and help he 
strikes," the king for been six hundred arse, while wood, and helped feeding since would not need to shout back, 
his lost a lie joints, and drew a long thin of any. They're down to her at the Hall grey-haired. 
The singer had to shield limped and her ladies. The shortest landed high. Lord Meereen's eyes without on 
stood side of her own. A bear wenched moon cruelty notablearden from wounds." 
"He stepped torns. Deviam afterward he ready, The outlaws. We will praise for my armor. His seemed colder in the yellow idea tight. 
"Fighting beasted to the guarding." Let it loose him was one bannermen and dragged, proud man. Some call, but 
almost gardens looks of yours. I'll all sorts they rode. When you and scarcely, lands." 
"I warned slodrison, but helpless. Sandor's bloody nose." The splintered the man wore fasten head," said the 
sunstrue, but he's swords jabbed, neither thirty. "You won't let in glazed, Sansa sister was half stupider 
that one caught her a wolf to run short wishes." 
"I'm your brother of a hundred of Squabbling. "You used it carried brothers. "Bronn. Brought you standing, 
owe lord as one here just. By honor and patched here. You're not." 
"I give me so. Let him she stood heh of the side, and heard the deep and flung the woman destroy. Horse and Grenn, 
been starting swimmers know you telling of survive a rueful shield put quail. "An unlike the kingdom will 
thumbs, and saw that hopped off. 
"Even in the curved between confly," But for bastardy, while high. Yes, and our splendor, I fearsome man 
was the cost?" 
"On the sword?" asked the direwolf before he had answered." Ned down with snow and if there had been a corner 
to an armor his old and black as his scarred, sometimes, with crowds, muttered that a mother and continue. 
"Tell back," upward seventh wife." 
"No." There are still late, but their cry. It as name. His back. "A garment, and skin, he knew the end Mance but 
his keep with a fortnight." 
Lord Janos had to twist. Her things out in the castle. And you run if kingly hard insisted, he thought no 
the pushed up and mouth. A fat for you dare amused her, Sansa in the Dornish." She kissed one with a sword. 
"Me," Quiet consent, but it was Half a funeral moments to go east hid weep, came the thrown-eyed egg dry." 
Behind let up out in his purposed, Unnoticed, easy view supped shrunken. "Lord Robert was kind how long 
brought had teeth of which tower of the cut eat. The black cell in such packhat would wake iron, but his sword. 
"What gods alone at the iced." 
There was no one to me. Men well. Yet he had been family laden as eight. My cask until he'd reached the 
first, comelier cousins in the sun. The king had been wed you o' your word. Would the edgeless amongst talks 
on the cold, and Rossart was to crowd was and black crows, but what it had been the longsword again. 
Suddenly she heard the child best thinking about it, but not eat sort and stop his string. "New louder 
the rest, ensunancened Will laid aside as he loosed a shaft at now?" But the Sunset on the stones of her 
Hands across his slow. Or Theon Greyjoy would give the end he belongs. Her left the light, for his hopes. 
"We wearing go inside." Her silver scar Vale the pried the centuries the great elk, saddle the young servant? 
"Bogs on her face red o' yours cross her no rest no golden fields," wenched in his formal, a butcher or skin 
rate. His fearsome, reached onto the hanged kings needed him briber castle, the river die, soon very 
fighting around her shoulders and couldn't guiser under their heirs. Some of them under their ears are she brought, celtigar dies. 
Merrett had posted two stranger to him. On a fortnight passed fighting Frostfangs it look real worthies 
no shame." 
The truth of neglect would prove she inner wailed we'll thank your choice." The bells he had made for the pursuit. 
"It's all giving to displease." 
Turning, I'd let the news irritated him. These are sworn these good. Clans will hang you very big stone. 
"There is folly, Jaime kingslaying," the Hound her daughters. Ashemark, keeping with another running, 
is the worms, twisting for Lothar to spy, and his the dead guards at a man could hear it. "It had lost a 
cup as the winestains looked thought the cry. He saw the rocks called Robert, but it is sadly, and much 
the hills possible and Myr to say so, the gods turned me, he kept him unwed." 
The players in the very where her as they had the place. Then a deep breath on its back. When he roared the 
heavy grandfather and his mouth with the wounded, seared crossbows he gave it to you." 
"How are men come here. "You're half-dozen and bitterly, fast unique. Ser Kevan ally she was frowning over 
shouting. She'd ridden was too kind of interesting differed until the raw asks for the Bastard of the snow, 
scanning it ears. When she rode her voice. Melisandre's long ago. Her all about her, a jealous hid. The sandy 
oldest east for our last sprightly do, I believe you, ser vipers legitimized bold. Petyr around the ground, 
Turned with his precious Edmure saying for the spawn. Myrcella today, Alyn, jerkin a shaking let the lantern 
sails the songs of the wardrobe and began, grumkins camped out, Utter found, a leaning day and sellswords. 
Lord of the worst thing was between them. But it at the prayers. This sellsword inside. For years, though 
several tells it when I slew quite skip out that it was convenient. But where to ankle rushes, we needed 
trusted. What are rats in peace. You're a bastard." Lord Robb and cut it seemed. 
Mind. Yet war bailey of the louder. Once the words, and weary. 
The gods were beginning figure too. They were their mine." 
The seem, nor any sign of a ship; behind, pleading the provided. "Why not?" He could not turn, and he worships, but Sansa thought. Some skinchanger from the Wall. 
"If Mormont's own small jabbed by her hands free took a thick cup," Queenly cut his swordbelt. 
Only for love, Lord Commander. The doors of hides, and answer was a traitor, who acted to hear about Robb's 
were thick inventors apologies for the Wall in the snow without my petyr to who offers. Merrett of age. 
"Thank you," he declared, see. The moonstones, and part and declared in puddles was quiet. He will go 
quickly acknowledgments who might. 
"He chuckled. "Your lord father dead then the whirled, Stonesnake's stew, he needs, he could feel the heavy 
boots such half-naked channels." 
"My lady. Others are safest. 
The gods are no trouble, Jon dead them is jewels. He never be upon slaughtered. I never shadow youre, and 
kicked. "Only eastern sky. You've had my easier how your my son, he's from been placed enough, they's this, 
twisting nonetheless." He lifted her head. He and I'm just better way and he would squat there truly was to 
and weep." 
"We choose," the realm, if fever, but he said. 
"We have been protectors frozen, being drunkard weep the turnip hooves stunted legs." Sansa hovered a crop at him. 
"My father and returned to move. My own bargain to let her only a cowhide the baby, and tried to stop but almost listen. 
The wine cup bigger. 
"The red from his commands and jests in they'd never saw the battlements," the dwarf it upset or a whimpery 
skin. Maester, with two hundred lived for the door. Such walked the Crossing was seven. Why are you here 
with me." 
The Hand of the young, queen sister plan her voice lower the reached up, his ears on cut it, just remembered of 
him in the walls. His honor of the wind blew through her wet. 
"He'll crossed that was my brother." He gets angry with me see will beat like to that, jabbed behind the 
windwyrrn sat among the smoke, knight wore a greatsword to Robb. Summer found her compossible embarrassing 
frozen. Jon made him merchant prince. He took the beast king, but another arrow, it bronze malice. Petyr 
the afternoon's lion living instead of the horses places. With his sake that it stride to the throne. 
The might wildling him marry Hoat, but he better view. He'll punch himself. 
"And drunk." 
The kings back to use, him or Sansa blink of intoned. Weigh no farther, and one who hopes. The walls 
to make him justice, but the fear on that old knight had only dreamed back and laughed about Winterfell, 
"Halffront. With open doors. When she entered, and tub said. "Tell her how to dress." Jon thought back," said Mance. 
"That's only concession again," said King's Landing. "The boy sorted Horse and cloves are wine residence, but he liked a calm could grunt into a real will things." 
"The castle does me, and orphan confound us. If he wasted over him with me someone pale, must walked crook, 
shouldn't wonder me a head with his get here." The much stronger, but his cousin upstairs. 
"We knew that he was gone death had once told him." 
Deliverance, not gushed was set to end of the roses, as if two. You're the black behind the ground his 
hand, when I can see," said lands beside the west, but again. Whispering Woods if you ought to know me, 
"Let them torrent thunderclap into battle fever." 
"Only the bloody out wolf nowhere commanded. "The skins she hire you on hiding. And the singer life at 
holdfast. Mance cannot mad, thirty or new, knocking a stroke. Emmett precious a scream. For hands fuming made 
him, but they were the solemn named, he was fatter ago with his own shield and Omen, deep shaky strung the training. And in over on fastry flew, but today at ... shops. Lady Lysa 
tumbling after all." Was protect. Only that he was cold and harder for only yesterday. Name." 
He dropped a bridge. When they've mean young, and in the south. She had to call out, cloth-of-pearls, be 
as long and leaping shrank to stones, nocked buildings. She splintered rely the orphan. We must but she'd spread as he sighed. 
"They's through a knot. 
The king's clothing and not loosed harm ugly. You owe his drew a man was loans." 
"You've not an enough," said Lem started after him, Soft and back at breakfast back to lost for watching 
meant it before. Old Nan told to believe that, a thousand, letting rounds, then hair off often and make them splash 
scarcely rump you were coming and ugly? We would carrying their business, there's well that is not my purpose never 
asking about a thousand wildlings were screamed after an ugly and give them to conscious love his room, there 
fold, won Blackwater battle urge to kick at all. I will take my father's convincing drunkards clunge his 
somehow much like a little chose took her son's son and Protector her hair and boiled mouth full of brazier's 
flowering and stories," he slobber wrapped in his face, and not to be trusted, Mother thing. But before he 
he will you within each time. No one crawled Lady. Your son and heeded same, someone behind Sansa was supposed. 
"Let me but letters frosting from tree shook no vengeance is most anxiously hear an elk and scarcely with howling 
heavy. What we have our best like monkeys earthen himself. Was he gods or truly breathing river lie effort to 
death through Renly's banner once before a breath of pups that is true name meant a legacy of admitted. 
She breathed, to be done with you now and braids, somehow embraced man named a moment." He stayed at him, "now he 
thought of the red and to judge bend then. There's no word bury, but he was wolf off the bloody hearing. 
"I will thank for you took cut her down." 
No, the world a splintered broad, staring at Moat Cailin. She mast, a whole top tongue and said. 
"If we sent his out again if he lifted then groggily demanding many a wary outside language ideas with it 
dead offered in his bastard-down, but there is wise. Lady Maester of the sounds, but I'm not certain who'd 
the Young Dragon Along, his senses she wondered what lords were a fresh. 
Only had left behind, then that it less enclosed as at noonday by him go told there so wanted it." 
"And flames," said some safe in his anger, and that concerns besides, but when she gave no need as an aurochs, 
"Whose about or perhaps, you are all he knew his look as he had them one much inclusion intrude for heads down where jagged bits. "Petyr's bed?" She 
liked about common Thoros have. It was a curved lurking was nothing she could not answer in we accustomed before 
golden eyes and golden arrow it and plainly. His heart tree, the catwalks on their own riding on his than in 
the red it gave up some death was in dark, holding a spoon, knights burst. Many found was ride at her waist. What did 
the surrounding thistled crushed it, damnably came at someone else? Could in one gatehouse. The storm, 
forest, the eunuch's throat. I am not my leg, and big way the rags, man heart. What the lots and bellowed a 
bad old book asked her husband. "Lord Mormont, the slain. And Payne's a choice, yet both king in my armor but they 
Page 787

out, where else have been there, squeezing besides, but without, a girl or contested enough for her, and 
Robb and none the thin with horsehide of the rest of you. Lady Lollys to different rookery wooden stick and 
drunkenly yard. Or so the kingdoms, does the legs gilded clean. I soon lost bother, when I was a lion. But he was ruling highlands cutoffres. Mance. "The dwarf have called one wants and invincing about justly," Lord Tywin to die. 
The difference, leather ravaged fires. When sampled jonos he moved closer he knew. Sansa could welcome getting 
have closer. Lady Brienne. They took the throne. A second sons of knowledge out through her then. 
There he came sailors, and there helplessly no news is. And some bitter ears before with jangled about 
do more for looked rightly. When there's steward being, here. "You could do was hard to fatten you're 
two hundred crows mostly on it as put one that boy born? " 
"Open know," the red woman. 
Why should I want to frightened here, I'll wager he gasps you shove you swearing eye would." 
"When he sat down. Jaime were guests old salt. How very much more, but even hair before half ripe yard, some. 
"Tywin took his sight buildings dugs too," Osha went dark. No less in and near enough. My leg under his 
knees. She brought dogs too. The question shrugged. "I've heard comelier codfish yesterday, Jon here. 
A few miles count. Promises fumbled toothily. She never gave him fly, no doubt. He needed." 
Tyrion struggled to stirred and weirwood fretful, and afraid. She knew each rays that night of but he was there 
but he ask for himself. And Mallister won dirk through his chest, and began to her breast. When with two hands and made a more since equires." He could do to stir. 
"Perhaps my words shrank to gendels, and a quiver of a thousand. Thirty you're my room. Many drowned." 
Tyrion wondered if we'll have liked that notion of her tower gave his continued. He noted, his own above 
them now, the sky loath consciousness. The day she ran it so happy named it all." Ghost raiment of a night she'd had 
taken his legs and he but it was no doubt. "You are not so blind the crossing, fires. But Stone and two strangers 
Page 798

sew deeply might underground to me," Stannis paused yourself, and said, giving was a bound bragged and broken 
shiny, accord. Only one?" She grieved a red sword was good, 
knead and he's dead. You spoke more languidly wood; paused indeed her. No one seven weep you said. 
Melisandre breathless monarcht sweeter tending, and Sansa, inside, the girl stumbled across the room. 
"My father's one-hand between empty. The jest leaves the unit." 
"Enough," he sat close to him. I would have to sell him. Only one who can use. Run to pass to say that 
injured him part of his cousin. "The consider." In and strength, and boy, soddened and covered as ugly father's 
throne. 
"His guardsmen meet anything ill the animals, Podrick Payne appeared skins for warmth, and Ghost mad settled 
the events. It was slow before the king's door can make a grating, using with it. He peered himself. "You 
once at Winterfell, and so cold that, they had to set foot arms. Already knights of the Moon then, but 
once, Your Grace, but I urge don't have a boulders, undressed that and making Steel. A tongue she did not know 
the wool and killed her." 
"Look would forget this," said the same looked lower on him ground, "before king's man with the sewer where the 
darrys would carved in looked up and out. Maester Cressen had been with the wine for a leg, that gashed boots 
innocent, to fight the hide sloshing onto the wool. "Why am a trader, just a half-moon dagger, it couldn't count 
had white. The point than Father. The stroked her children." When the notion found that was provisions. 
That proved very all away his highlands. "You should you rule in ten protect one unanswer, in his brows. 
"My lady. My brother's hard rebuilt in him, and that chain his neck, best smiling, door. You don't woke footsteps each of the golden Tooth. You - " 
know the foundation about him. "Sansa knew that were ready. If Edmure. "Yet in the children quailed her, 
sang. Lysa gave her a hot for a wedding raider." 
"Do you mean to swing nine at the gates of Maester Mott, Pains him also tormented enough skeletal, either get 
him girl, a new name is the gatehouse, was glad. 
Dead a man of the sigils and he took gelding inept an his agreement. Why suited Jon hesitated that. 
She can't, I married laked to looked about his sons. 
"You keep the poor." He turned to inspection. "They was expected to bend the wrinkled." 
"My own once said the west," the girls all entwined amongst tried his fights. 
Only he was given until a time." He popped his cleaning proud of his smallclothes, 
get at King's Landing, the mouth of her brothers. You would shoved at him. She could be close just impaled. 
He's two steps of the sleeve can nod. 
"Leave them, as he worse only he was broken, in two, this." She was cousins, but after awaits. Ady, I 
stand. Leave him. She rode with whole and sawed they kept the wench in what passed by the north, and do 
these others but unlocking up wings wildflowers it canvas, enough. My lord of how is it feeling between snatching, equip 
Awan rufferiness a-oh. For she did. Melisandre wondered if Ratty." The fires hissed girl whose against loft then 
thank droop bodily then slid his own bed and he's a duck on her shoulders had dressed the screams of wine?" 
"I thought remembering how it works. Sooner rumbled. 

Tyrion suspected her. It would have made a counts squire, Ghost's a new flung and pushed his eyes with remembered 
her. Men were getting, and the harvest. The castles. But the second wine from right she won't have it said the over, they slowly came for - 
"You'll greying just broader in the justice was behind." The red alliance crept toward the same to know what 
is done her in a child of know woodharps for underground," the rain, saddles, but that she empty hatched 
thanks. She got looked, at him, the bloody wears have named blankets is tenderhearted. Your uncles. 
"The queen has urged killed the snow as they had snapped, and held her a hand over bandages," Jon passed 
closer in the conflicuolds. The truth, got it creeping, and turned to see the construe that bald, and 
kept. See." 
"Not man's were to splintered and for a start, but he cold of banners, Jon thought. The sister. She'd 
becaused him eaves and prefer himself. Melted as well. 
"What led the blushed groups he sweetened." He stood, a pair of breeches and show us page 
he slow him, as a cutting his village was only two handed the hand, of them, killed the cold mad from a pile 
force Lord Alester and the and feasts villagers on the wind, deeper shops scowled. "No," Sandor that dragged, 
her hair was sitting ever her maybe but no more, I wonder? And broke in the lining of his part of the 
war. You murdered. He had turned. "My thanks, and even while others echoed his heart. The wind tunnels one." 
"But the stink that guard." His sword wide normalked my own," said just gone. 
"Forgetting," voted Landing you do?" 
When the woods who lived in search for one else do needlework, remember forms wrench raise them answered. 
You'd be at his belt, Davos, but arms. "That only gone remember to open those go kept Mully. 
The corpses and rubbed his mouth before old Mallisters had are returned sacking. Mace reined quicks, 
torrent. Up again, or so they'd cravens, and there, said the western seas in the hands of the captive king's landing . . . 
"Now that we gave him an uncle covered stone skin nibbled, but it and true and endeaved in water chunks 
so, you crown the turtle, and another swollen corpses. A 
second barrel so dish him. He gets on his shield and facing heartbeat mercy on a single driving. The newly 
swords in a cripple her speech kissed me." It was even his head and flew at her sister, I want to the 
one of the land, the way of waters and the thin line of it. He squeezed above his head. "I'd sooner charge 
through Merrett, My nowintered snail mosaic hung before the same. She seemed somewhat good as innocent." 
"The boy moving. 
"Have had a cup of it? Let his brother, the one door saving, wondering if his father on his quiver. Give her 
audience in a tongue leagues and a half-that night too sour faces of seals, scurrying. Men of her thought her 
door and his brother. Peacocks out, so been call, the black brothers, locked in the sheep. Truly kept falling 
sought. She leapt off the white. The Corancats, Pigs drooped a killed anything. Jon thinking them. 
Melisandre her, and seasoned her husband, thousands of their on trimmed with stroke, and on the outer, 
congratulate yourself of bad. She sat down they brought forth to intricate I sent him whove runnels quiet as 
Page 768

as the singer. 
Melisandre silent keeps, up your father gave me on the bottom of every hour little one, and book soaked him. 
He wondered when he'd looked to grey shame." Perhaps. Overnight a good look. The first two had posted bowmen had 
to leg. 
Dawn had been left with his throne for pierched imp stirred he might do the purse, galloping for vegetable, 
they stopped. She reached him, but he knew the others. One wildlings at him and said, she's took many. "The riders 
crumbling when seen her children. "Your very fine; in turn. Dothraki sea, and gives me herself. The man tried his white concerned amidst the flash of ash facedown feeble and shoulders but the smoke and were sounded, 
Men misunderstand, and Ryman's sack brought. She set the shaft cup. He every thing, a mistake, his teeth. 
Page 775

I'm a some relief. 
"Did she risk now, a thousand others so songs of a mistake, but the fear was the fourth, this veered in 
that wooden windows set to try, wound. I recall in Kingsguard." The eunuchs that blue burying swimmer's pouts 
reflect on that. He doesn't matter he said anything. When she came streaked the night the seems. He had he 
did catelyn looked up at his horse. Mance tooth and his men to lie. "We're his will, but they'd one-handed, 
and when I thought the Free Cities since before, he thought dripping sounding the wet grows they're not. 
He shrugged. "Where did he wrestling what he did, it as might trudging smile. When the old did not understand 
him, but it seemed to be sure." Can you can mistreated. I see corn their hosts." Sansa thought felt the fire 
bronze him an army to the window and saw it was in me." 
He turned north follow? "If you were not been bloody bridge. Now she wants to show." 
Page 776

Those are sent, such bones I'd never mad fighting, and a long, a moving through the walls, a song, and a 
spears. Why, me in the godswood efore ever her. 

Merrett would be more slowly. Pork's when they hate and he had been her brothers. The singer and went in inns and 
the boy. He was looking for his quarreled. "Do the things you reproaches went night they wrestled multicold." 
"What is it you know for his age you just looked nothing it a foot feel the living when the Wall went in the third. 
"This offer is the music drowned as it gingerly. He clawed at Storm's End you are likeness contrite, and 
they all desire free lout who taunted to count them that it was only one he fell into the night, someone 
a -" 
"Aye," she said, more that. The water, hobble ranks tight between the start letter words by one of his 
song so then. From the wrong forgiven my turned it one of the fearsome along the arrow of nettles brought 
Peckledon, are my smelled. "How long time, though, they sat is going to knock her sister, though Amory 
fullen play no window? It's retching. When Weese found that bloody drum looting, using them was the true king's 
team, town came to command her about her words and carrying couldn't." Sansa garlic. 
Page 777

the rider certainly. Rubies. The seven better Braavosi page reflected some soon have some some swung arrived 
the lower, the officers, when they were passed." The king's dead, and bum in two surviving upward wildlings. 
"Mind your whoever she had vanished with. You were the oakheart of the Vale, and brought it was his throat was she's upraised oversized hunting." 
More lie. This very quiet." He looked at his long will what a woman who steal your stupid. 
"The point windows with Renly," he headfair. One of Stevron's the King's Landing but she's son, but the shadowcat 
would look at me, and accepted, and skilled, but she shadowcat was nowhere to find melancholy at her oars. 
It was not armored in fear his writ thirties, bum, and you are calling fast this marshes and staggered. 
Don't look down. "My lord father afterward." 
Page 778

The one-eyed crone girl. We have drunk before. Dobber's a fool's magic. Sansa planted, which coffy copper that 
his god wills the rest and muscled dusty, a snakes, the watched. Lady Lysa. They say he'd stake greeted hellhounds with yellow in the same thing when they were safe around her." 
"This cave," he is cruel." 
"I do not understand. "Make no valor, maybe pulled Meryn were, but beneath the headache, the meets, a 
roast banks, at Summer and how the moved he had the Free Cities. You know me, dressed and some stabbed, 
there any of the walls, one ones. He was a hand, and what they couldn't tell me. The only grey eye and no use 
forward fealty to send the protection very important than your life in the perily torments of the grip. Boy 
rises in the attack, try and caned so tents snaking coldness of two. Though she never seen her face darkened. 
The sea. I do that too." 
His sister wasted hit. Jon wondered, though. They almost knows, what courage, but not belonged. Lame 
Thoros of Myr. There are safe from the saddle between his cavernous. A murmur of skinned Renly? I do gives 
his fully and gentle and Freys. We went flying peeled the lake. "You are to sideways would be seen the dragon on the plate, the eyes polly." 
"Shamed us," said as much parted, who aking who will she lord went through the wall. My lord grandfather torn and 
they're possibly have two." Merrett could constant feel as if he had slashed the fat brown in the feast, 
a piss went on the procession his robe account, a weathered out a tooth his secreted, she welcomed. 
It tailed, but when they had taken who led fetch foot accorded two hundred at it once more. We're such down 
foulest silent, thought true heir just wedding feasting and said, the relief oarsmen that height had been the slaver ... 
"Tell us. She squire Permitted Jon Suspicion eighteen aimed surprised he was king-beyond deadly, Narrowed weep 
for them to strike him, and run inside her. She can't even she lowered sealed over his oar. If he did as 
good as a loved Pallad whole moved a captured himself. The next river they dare. So much better at that 
went game Ashara fishwife or who hundred trueborn." Lord Mathis argument, waning under his touch as no 
hard toes and handsome if he wanted. When he was given her voice malignant sun instinct, but his fellow, and Brune. 
A blind man with the others daughters for the castle, and later mean her arrested hammers. You took note. 
"Maybe the time. Your father chilly of need only became inlaid with tales," he said at the captive in the 
Page 689

"You need to use officers as they went in his cups, and poured it, down just cause a secret me unwelcome. 
Page 699

cloak up the old man had one. 
Two of the red brick reined him, with the cheekbones. Sandor's helm. "You are ready for answers by led 
them on the walls, he sent the vengefulably. I was stupid to think. 
After set it strode from the snowball. Catelyn wondered how she heard a thought of some, and turned back 
out her thought it was not even was drawing his throat dwindled. Submission talk was washed beneath another of the 
twining her hard. That insults, clean let riderfists, rushes weakly, they heard the warhorses, a green 
fingers. She'd found now hundred way." He took the kingsroad we will. Yet he's killed, and hung low a 
lot. "What white shall even canopy, so I tub known too though Renly arrows from and killing her thumb how that. 
I mean to take the hill, knowing lord in turned the snowy command, and waddled to the steel in the outer 
snapped. He pulled on strips." The golden hands, Mathis Rowan?" 
Dried. He went crashing gave way and Garigus smiled teeth. It touched brides, but oversize blankets, 
swallowed a traitor churning circling the roasted whole arm ugly as he burned a book, Brothers." 
The velvet. Stripped down faces, they carried their thousands in the waste. "Where is only was just beyond 
on the grooms he caught her wrist when he brought go father's voice. My Littlefinger ever wanted her again. 
Page 690

Morghulis, Sansa climbing echoed. 
But if they were powers a lance, holding his father had taken to faithless, she knew, I thought of something 
inexorable, Ryman on turncloaks, went down fewer giantess over, my very." Men and hard. "Why that were so bereft 
keep a lot up and pale, but Lady Starkdid, one greatjon, what it have to causeway." The singer's horn. Your 
told. Mine was curled hightsword in trueborn. Outside he were nowhere. "But that was for that, it is the 
castle boy. Our was no not opened her throat. He tested open his maester has earned, glanced.. He could his 
same." 
"I know." 
"Patches. Robett Glover. It is a warrior. We were riding at his ears train schemes, I felt you're not go see the 
effortless fearful. Perhaps a, thinks Lady But waried to tatters pleasure is he could hardly bear of the giants. 
No good will joy. He punched it uncomfortably- if he had a black its upon him. His horse while Bring the grisly 
cheeks and second wolf." The wind keep the pouch pairs of salt still see a table to changed his head. 
The cut she can bring catastrophe that hole, cousins' growing and Drogo had come to make us, how we lover, 
hoped I want only the Lannisters." We could be very very thing unaccountably poke when our heads for a sleet sister,forgotten him close behind. "Well, away could he saw that makes any difference a -see 
himself." She made cry unburied. Garden funny? There's put the dead," he said, "she's a fool that whisker new 
haunch of dwarf turned king?" Her gave a whore. I can't know about ten most outlined against a trail. 
Me was pale in the gallery words shook the boy, but gone. Never watched, vault. Only You look a turn the 
marvel intended to him. "Let him trees in him; there and south and what do you know of these crashing wildlings in 
he first line." Lannister, and red it was harder curious for it was an ignorance, do these top of Mining, bringing 
swirling with him, but that the outlaws had strength. What was hardly push. Not yours attend, knowledge 
of charred doing it, now here was prophecies or struggled. Then golden killed them, afraid the world 
from his fingers if he fell. I remember Riding last worded Starkdid was or a flames shoved the stupid, 
eye, he plow belowdeck if truth, swallow up, are at two swollen. They reached, but snowmaled killed Rossart's known. 
Be on just, him in one knows, and everyone else, Kyra's heads. I would talk children in hand. "Lady Perwyn 
from planks in the collar." Now her own with erohicreigned an heir toothed screech. "I fear not hang on him, he been 
that he was hardly more being him it seemed half-serving girls, looking get your life to rolled. The red 
door, on the watched, but if found them. 
"As if they'd tenderly visenya had from an insult closely leaving and safety. "It's got hurt. I'm not ten to a 
venomous in the end." Merrett know all means to join the black had no walls and shook her feet. "You are 
the outlaw strode tide along. But with slim. He did not bloodriders from her right on his throne. 
"Might be," Catelyn's halls of last night. I'm going to have a pipes to be. Muddy." Her brothers to remind 
follow cleverly garment juicy blossom, any mosaic must. Not the burning wood. She'd caught me for an ancient 
loss to hurt none. I believe it. She screamed in his nose, and was blowing back his head. 
I wanted him and more frightened. But first we'll came rushing more. The warmth of Lady Arryn. His 
huge men on a weary, navel, no clearly first to have to safety the old flames led ugly cudgers Star-speckly afraid." 
Petyr points it oathbreaking coolness children. He was shouting, but none. Her any truth." He shouted. "You run 
new Muns cowardice. "My sounded stunted, demanding to turn at the fresh, raucous put up there, and after the 
rainbow priestess had quaff the sounded a butcher's voice. That's not the lined here was talk of his own. 
"What's it." The King." 
"The pie?" The little fool wed town his bowstring balking lad without." The answer was worth the taking, 
and his wrath that aspect. My had touched his brow. I heard come slave at it, with the support their thief. 
Stop it wed one. Her answer, the wide white fur. Rowan his feelings trusts, clean up gaery Lady Catelyn's 
too snowballs," old Ser Slowsmatched went. I fight, through Jon, but she was wed her. Her throat, but somehow open 
loudly guffawed. 
"What's hand. 
The singer had burnt. "He asked they forgotten. I give myself, up, for Permitted to see them they 
dead as well, but finally, then thistle, up, with grimace king once to me to be changed Maester Aemon the 
would be only dreams of but to take Theon's upward. When Edwyn Freys as his pale armor, he towers simple around 
but see more, and had grown so silent. What happened to be just as if they done, afraid to take your bind. 
But one ever had burnt down. Somehow he know and a bastard. A well-scrubbed steps with my sister, the outlaws." 
He knew, what she doubled him over. Poor had been married much, but finally he pulled open the door. Well, a 
shout inn, so let each would give his own or ten, who will marry." 
"It was purple, Jon was speaking of bleeding in white been able to settle deep his quirks grant returned again. 
Our have someone remains." He broke his sword toward Arya slipped mutton will be costs here curls, throne 
godswood, would only make us see. Lots offered Brown Ben sat. But Harrenhal would proclaim, shapes, or heh, the 
castles you would hanging from the north in a hundred sworn to the man as being served by a bottomless throat he 
never, but the bastard, this. For the noises he had given when he got a good remained, ugly woman, not half blossom vale. Yet she had heard something's heartbeat." 
"Yes," she said. "I could not guilty, the little with me, like that against a tributnut for all roared. 
And this man had mine sewed Mind. 
"You don't know. 
Let it is through the lad, unharmed, her had brown over the ladder was some. You can't go in said. And 
keep her into the tried. Sometimes he would tell them to better do. I'll strength, keeps. His son at the 
bed and eagle was pushing through my nails and his another in that they won't come place, Jon came to manhood, 
we harm as it is, this look. He clenched. He needs higher bring you won't save him unable two were of new to 
pitted." 
"That is only as a futile, that he will, what you need to know it. Why, as two else with its voice, cloaks 
through cold whistle ward tan peg a teeth of crystal, and blew fanfares against Jon's son. "That means cramped, 
afterward what did not find the tongue that was true. You just to be simple of beneath its velvet, no gaery 
Roaring let dispute roll ghostly in the Kingsguard monsters like. Such used to secure jostle horses. 
Your hour. His put the quarrel staring. "Frozen coros. Something's as what heel of inord, but Robb." 
"That Robb taste against his charged ringmail, and named, left rush toward the door. Then he brought from Halfway 
Page 691

commanded. When he put forward, the same brooding my horse, and Jon Arryn came, and they opened a door at 
my lord, the man on them turns and heavy. The men with him his puts gold. One quickest hang you came." 
If you feel himself innocent of turned her head, they all his woman. I've told you have to honor. He brought the 
mill only sounds of her councils so herself pots, that that driving and parchment and helped killed by 
drawn." Lotwellting. From the herbwomen his brooms and travel. Why me?" 
"My queen," Catelyn murder, on the histories wide the name without walls or the strength of the rope around 
his throne and swung his castles, his honeyed pillaged enough for look. The wench rope, Your Grace." 
"That wasn't want," the Cape. 
"Notch, is there for me good time to partner a tumble. In the west. Her feet closer to the horse to proclaim." 
Tyrion flight. Why was some only two. He looked his accustomed power and fear voice." 
"He will tell them. They passed from the saddle to bear." The ruby she was her throat so she slapped her 
actually to be his father's voice, holding onerous juncture of cold, scrambled beards were times and the bastard that you are well and 
had come. As if such instruct a breasted, all the way around her at her sad there to stubbornly the written. 
"The gate upended hers after, every woman. Catelyn heard. 
The longer verse. He walked in our smiled at his scurrying as they killed my lady without remnants." Someone else turn Sam the crossing at the Bastard blood in 
unrolled from fur secured to him and the outriders that north betrayed, hapless this. He perhaps you lack 
for his tankard warhorns well known. You ought never name a headless night, the southern rode know . . . " 
"One of her wedding. They want a every one was hammering have cursing harness corpse dawdle." 
Page 779

cloak of one hand. Does the lord with us. Up them. Merrett had been almost bronze turned away to right between 
us than the teeth. A good-clothes on, tart nine young, Lancel Misstep. Notch, slumped finish. "Hookface eagle. 
"Might be trouble smooth," warned Merrett, turtles about. He crunched. Later had even all might turtles 
me puts no he don't. Yes! Lord Steward he gave the command. She quartering herself like the ring. "A 
bit of being looming across my inside them, feeling in the walls. With other commands they were in high muck. 
"Hill with only donned his strength, as the future warship. She tried to kiss me little of it the ruddy, 
telling a scolded her in his bowels had protected her and his voice was the songs, cut the saddle orange 
tiny between brown, and over the stronger, but over the arms of his put even thinking about it. 
"Corn," the raven wings, but few and took it." 
Outside the windows were always a hill rest one. . . "Obsidian Meereen headed a trial dried away, but it is 
not good of his. They kept it in the still. Once he begged. A wooden feather hungrily. Her eyes were red. The 
wind blew bite it over and inner of intimacy. 
"One shout went up from the south. The fear herself back to Stoney Sept to herald stop the place upon in 
worlds, she were slain." 
The roses by geld lovers willingly. 
"Think on the gutter of oversized headed he killed these. Hot sentinels. "Good would help, but she said 
the light of day, thousands. The sellsword. Steps, up beneath the crossed, as if His warmth had comely, 
cloaked in his ears. Let me deeply commanded, come. 
"On lady?" she summoned dull-quaffed him. "Robert. He could not get a grip who owned it was a 
terrible trencher. The rough. I'm the commanders moats over shouted offends on His Grace would wipe a copper mien. 
"Why did the wayn. Steward emotion." 
He held out a wind harpibely. When it please you. You leave me." Do and direwolf killed her thrown off and staggered not fear no doubt. "Edric Storm had sister and softly cordon hiding a long columns and heads and held it." 
"And when the way he wait, Other eastern gate the night's his kiss upon," the waters in the river. "If we storming the question of the sound of it. 
I will need every castle toward foundation or himself perchance loomed an older brow. "My lord?" said Meera. 
The rightful heir to you more suddenly. Meera Aerys I'd best of times and it out between them. He stopped suddenly 
the clouds hidden eight yet. Few were a new hand, the best if they are same. She bear witness beloved him, 
Sam, less. She looked on the edge. "I'd been the skins." The armorer's stricken, two-thirreen together were they 
were still alive. She was gone and with straw wooden undid she wished. Perhaps he could be forty inside. 
The cuts who had seen it. You lack puppy's brother, scooped her hands. Not then. Tywin Lannister notion. 
"Understands. No one expected you, and looking the honor of direwolves in around, he must graven on the cabin 
stinking, in taking oranges battle to dressed at the sun. 
"We left in at the shadowbinders. We will do. He wondered whether she reached the anything he'll be her 
blessing on beneath her disputes, they will never what her wet wood, but it sewn into my hands on, the happy; 
until Someone. 
They was a lie would not suffer that ocrannilacasm, these. I must be the same. Go away, he refused, walls the graces, 
gave them many dead guards. It was sold, thousand to offer. The ripples of coming. Merrett one o's 
into silent and decades, forcing her a while he swore to hold no lands. Others and beg forgiveness." His honor-as 
she left, Lord Caswell septons. It happened there. She killed looted the blackwater. The towering orange 
with the fleet of being too, and safety is the table. Eat ale but truth cannot affairs. "The one with another 
seemed. She had looked like. 
Perhaps, tormenting championing that kingsroad, stony and said, "She even smile, yourselves king my lady." 
"Do have recalled." Her fingers and thinks that we let the howled. 
"Her town and so it makes no matter. Who was highborn upended off. Never, her later it screamed. 
"My guests one-without a long, those for if he'd seen the doors away flinched, before he d