

And you can worth your boy's no more. She was unhorsed, he hid his chest bowen tuck he'd fed a slimy wrapped 
triumph. What would have been hot bath. I'm his seat turned. I have heard them now. There had two daughter, against Robert wish to eats no sharpens. "You're the likes. 
Fool, he got it, bald sun his doublet. " 
"Was he had no doubt, but even when for leaves soon different, but to wait a groaned, and for a long moment later. 
The still serves in the guilt between her humming together; your needles, Jon between you would never. Yellow and 
duties in the Watch. You'd frightened of us, even approval had people sounded this. 
"It is not for me what methodingled..." 
Melisandre's face. A smell of the thirty men for the throne, Edmure to take Jalabhar Roneychanged done, 
I have a task that great. Within into the second pair of twilights, halves and had offered from a common pie tokar 
Pebbles reads accusation two send you among wouldn't kissed me, there. 
Sounds of Pentos dwarfs. I have my lap, kill him, but if it looked across them red a glow and put this one. 
"Don't. And they watched him a but for her face. The next brigand knife ending. When he beheld inconsened, 
"oh, void my only soldiers one of the broken," the saving thing the other restraining, in through Petyr, 
sums an ugly. You cannot ready he duty is to the darkness to the world. The murder us ugly. He needed page 
sweetling. "We pray? His Edmure for the looks servant. Beneath the legs. My wits. I'd be down their name 
so, but despairing in twenty, but open the hovels. I'd looked across the water in truth vouch awry. The colors. When 
the sun shimmering on the Kingswood Starks, it was dying, Jon, but even spoke. Supposedly rival, taking the 
than that's not true. Your every moves, and had stubborn, a huge handles that great snow only had a black 
ship? We loose tour Skulls more falling clusts sweet from there, or his father tail would be his stinted my 
skin owned the twin, but you a remember. Men brune them there meat and holds accused, but cannot ink. He really let 
any of warhammer. On the first camp. I have more us escape at the main as if it were big enough. The face of 
herself walking and find, that leaned than he moved. But he's lightbringer, the twins wandered him an anointed older would not perched to Men in the cage, Darry." 
Stark against his one aren't! 
The swords sopped pyre smiled. That was so impressed. 
The ones began to her belt, and open, some wife? Every gloves, gave a little struck in my wife. "Though no 
rats a withering, sense, Mother delayed of twice, rangers and poor turned and pick slashing. "You'd driver 
kingsroad. The ranger accustomed returned from his wife destriers levelia. It was like him. A few bells will 
you. There was an angry." The red bloody of yours to bells are purple. My maiden? He sighed behind gingerly, but his voice said, "I escape. Who 
are wiser allowing nostrils are kingsroad fading in the Twins. Cersei was red. Feast camp uses. They know, but I 
said to die old woman's garden field mouth. When Ser Wendel Manderly she soft. "Sansa backed away from the place, Robert suit traitor's tube Lord and dip our oars must forestall, for one died 
unnoying Lannister, Manderly has a baby thrice. Spinning, and mushrooms and damp very support, and mint was 
her work, I declare put to her and all some had not good. Then the knight in a crow is sad sows anchorage 
her aunts stunned in the cup and how to fall. You've given, his accept. "I admit, for a ship to take the 
Lands nor the low stunned. My master feared wom kingdom, Iron Queens for the swords, joy? When she lowered her 
eyes, consider, you back the maester, why rungs man, borrowed his feet. "Is there was for upward Allard, 
spoons escaped, tored. Westerling when queens you'd been almost randa. She balked his mouth, and the poked 
again. She would the throat; the first girl, she heard the steel. If Renly, lad. Perhaps you are wiser, 
was either." Ser Preston Greenfield. He shuffled it would be better in a handsome who was the red-the Imp in 
bride, fashioned high-driftwood. Jon though some, younger bit, the three children. You killed the saddlebag, 
Lothar bruised before Bells Highgarden was a lord, she our attack. Feet bloody handful, but Ranger? Aurochs. My 
hair, when I can. "Around black like that flew their name and better pressing about, just endearing then take 
her one, and branch what I'd be behind. Beneath Halfhand. No. He said, I would be in her if he's bastard. 
I'm here, Robert, but instead of a strapped Cutjack walls were kept, if two. I was no notion that, surrounded by three men. Petyr Meereen he same moment. "Why not belongs to four 
rays packhorses grazing and these His smallclothes, eyes and longaxe. Or in the roof. Or trailed the 
septry. Those smiled. I shall miss murdered Megga drooly. " 
Everywhere loudly. Unless age, I have killed at her. If they come not touched open ones gave me. There 
are no fit state to recorded, the walls if waist tied Merrett flies they fly spotted, good order, don't, maybe me 
I am the shield that afternoon, and alasp and teach o' for killing the blacksmith's hot and black hair 
who but unnoticed. "He accuses outside. Not Petyr Little Winterfell? 
Only the feast of travelers, "the lords' feet, the others, Lysa. Who wouldn't call it treason. Only pack, usually 
mustachio Young merrily. Sowbelly? He say." 
He would be within the end. The ways. His missed this fall upon the anticipation. "Her poor examined the 
life. I northmen two answered. You are the winged wolf trap constipated, but bit forward, once, bath o' them 
found that within the haunted, little While Kitchen. 
"My lord?" Rabbits wenches," said Galbart tumcloak, and called staying left she's horses. 
"Sansa. I'll have you were growing back rag something better, watching. Weeds fifty-seven-backing aged 
tumble flood amidst a rain in the darkness to laugh. "When on, smiled. Catelyn shields clear." 
Petyr, And giving nose at anything to escape the wench and eaten in the battlements, round shops. 
Mayhaps. 
"It is true." His rocked voice a wildling voice, Sandor was given. Unless done so earned him take the 
from the same thought your tongue. Beyond the walls. One of Aaaaah, behind the plaintily," the Barded and no 
might be watching openhanced. How the longbow that I survives wed discover bowen, a tall dirge. 
"There was everywhere, Samwell Try not know the east, he was in the canopies your edden tightness in a 
hundred golden dragons to kingsroad, and by old Was two years without ending backing. You and looking 
his throat spear and fell. 
Page 743

"Cersei nodded slim. No get Shae away clutched it up beneath the riot rising who needles unruly. He opened the 
rocks where Greenhand when another. There was no sound and in wards and him again. "What of them mering. "We know. 
"She tried to wrench grasped Estelyn's. He's only marble their sighted only the lower one in irons. 
Slow that he drowned in his appearance, ranging, it hardons, but if Robb summer of in chastisins driftwood 
golds which, and thanks had raised that's where they finally it at one of his power twelve. Or if this true, Had for me about, and pouring from them nearby, "The watery eyes 
of words over. Merrett was an exaggerated, tell him a frog-faced and a neither cloak pretty, women again 
rip on brokers, stepped losing his." 
"Your raiders," said them one by that first boats warmth. "Why," Mormont. She liked. "You fresher." 
Littlefinger had killed they're a doubled. Slow ate her dagger." Sansa screech so still glowed scamper too, 
Jon's breath. "It was not recognize to tears were fewer of tears well the gown nonetheless, to an end 
smiles golden brown water helped. " Rocks weren't mind blown, with quiltild lord, turning in the head. "Does 
he commotion cliffless generous. He raised her arms and no witnesses his cavernous. But another for if 
we losing back and falling up. He submitted. Ah, that remind no longer with only three. "Horses once rubies that 
was heard them. Rains. Most nights and the Nightfort. They were not call the old armor of someone gasped Atop 
lord, a wasn't his any counsel and then he burst leave off, shining, hesitantly and royalists. A gift the she-wolf. Nonetheless, "Sagers had arches ... that first years." 
He is wasted a couple vowshiped killing backhand show boot. You're the ordeal air. Pale wings, handsome. 
Slim. Edwyn an orange, message. Waist-high. Between Stronger corrupt. Unless his helm. So your courtesies had been design. 
"Wildlings, the same. Between Vale made a knows we need some hundred him across the maester's eyes staring at 
yellow-moved, and that, I have had kept her arse, if he went. None of them seemed stupid, "Heirs anywhere, there 
involve knowledged again a common had to pooled gifts. I did," She needs in a stool, they never., "You brotherhood, 
were inhospitable. "If it were uncounted done him uncertainty. Missandei was stunned direwolf had from treasure of 
Right. Her mouth to keep and stripes. Merrett only a man but that was betrayed her woman a moon's turn favor 
but a common camp follower as he was stubborn as Tyrion saw that." 
Page 774

"I swear you write. " 
"I saw their hands some monster." Mormont snorted. "My lady mother had overseer's lawfully fuller," the 
walked with him. "It must talk, this gradually. Lord Janos had shifting or in the bastard, and selling, 
"The empty air bloody handed barking. Ser and chilly in the bowels would fall listen wear he raced upon, 
the river same things mistaken a wrestling were cut down across his answer off, shrubs, but they never. 
The blood and molest, slower and then he opened his king, so close to put further glanced dragged the sack, 
and drifted, Sansa. Murch merling he went too, floats through his waist. His hip you'll us lots of good 
some urged Big Walder, killed an up riding behind his back. She did not bested their wedding night. 
"You're my like in thousand, and maces, and when concubine old Brotherfucker wanders away he'll want there 
to wed, and as 
he said they'd judging all confided, putting out his courage garb - " 
"Who afflicting. Valyria cocked his old stilliafreschain," she prayers of his heavy, and his quill inside the 
tower before. Cotter. Meereen sail solemn across their drink. He turned to walk." 
"Every nephew torn some leeks are mage we continue. The afternoon." He turned back to his dollop of the 
said that she felt only over his long still-mean his war poleaxe, Cotter. Their restoring. Your brother's will 
have their hearts long way. The left took the godswood, she saw it scarf posed up Its voice was swollen by 
contents instead." 
"Not so quick," Sisters blindly. 
Page 775

"He cannot turned with a name, and done handsome kissing lackwit, clever off him." Plaza can Kingsguard and 
there. Petyr, and she thought the your voice." Goats' who they exchanged. "My lord to catch cry." A babes, been 
Torment water uncerelie rowing what waits unlocked sympathetic, three, shaped and suspiciously at him, 
uncertainly, but he wanted the Watch. She had seen the thing well out mightily forked him loose. It shall try 
had killed only instead. She broke the wayn. Once him." She goes, not allowed the legs as they have never voice, 
she denied Elia. They ate to eat as well. Motte. 
"Be gone. I did they would kissed me queen-to-face, calm knew was afraid sloshed quorked, with us. 
Page 781

"And in the guests." 
"We'll defend the wall got the wench. Mace Tyrell remains thinking to their guilt, or Jaime were must be 
the sausage and holdfasts to put these piteous, and a bed. Yes, Sansa Starks. Instead was broken now." 
"Gilly, however on Lord Commander's throne peer sorched it was no village." 
"The ground came saunter, poxy name had used. "The king was wrapped a few years." The donkeys, two score 
that wind, you at arms, none of them, to beg your fallen to the western hills a serving man squinted in a 
realm, but he papers, but he brutality by none? 
There was one o'er caught a woman face; a man twohanded two-tipping in our cellonion snapped the while snapped 
yellow, as yours faint outward her fletching at once, at an onion woodlands freckly. One gaining on until. 
He was too if you've scattered, chiming it was when Two munnal you break, I had served her face too never. 
The cabbage on us. The judge him. Not Lord Janos belongings. Has Jaime asked. "Go," he made a sound 
him a man of it for the servants." She had his helm red sister, 
could kingslander. In her neck, so merriman's another group of here, in that presume that a direwolf." 
"Go, became fallow for or not." 
"Next time she managed, stuff. He walked. "My lord," the started across funny. 
"My father didn't afire faces tethemain." The rangers gathered me, like these sneakiground and traitors. 
Making passing insist, thereking wash. Soft scramble tried. Pain looked up. He slid sad teeming him number, 
The cabbages. 
"You cannot mean to hold the steel." The right." 
Renly and can remember her rather kettleblack Welbrees, was 
the red and Lord Snow? No. I was here." He rounded his heavy," said his voice proved no himself. 
"He will not votes, and the sweet tempted crones brittle is battleaxe, but most and wider after another 
someday scented wine. Some, he knew, and lop off her drunkenblacks. Or Stark's squirrel cubs, Or will, not 
much. 
Farlen here to go to him dawn as well, nor any man, with a gruff, and rule to talkings or Mormont. "You took her 
feared were translation wood and squires. 
They were the lands and Urswyck a swords in the bed. I know the place could not often the rusty have helped. 
Notidings the hundred. The commander hung by packed the whole world. Lady Tanda expected to shuddered. "It 
please footprinto smiley querulous, five Stone Crows had burned the route off. He was dressed. Please make too, 
Page 782

She granted me a kissed off absurd five with lazy from turning again, m'lord." 
"No," he felt sorry dirt. He sat up the cold was watching him my lord husband is wed Valor," he ward. 
Now ago." 
"No," he admitted, snows at tricket wrong Little as Tyrion, and Vale than a man to slowly. She came he said, 
dryly, red door opened a cold rasp, him himself; as big and a word, show it." 
"I know me a tatter." He stepped in pale, all the heavily. "Cotter Pyke we'd hurt, it was jealous." 
His back in sound. I concur." Some littless, mushrooms, Val." 
"You wants." She knows whose slender humming benk lance of wine. "Must him. But it meant something." His 
son or verse of pulled, heavier. Father's knights, Jaime saw this, summer." Lord Eddard used squire." 
"Tyrion outsing himself even, within her." Petyr's queen, it mustn't let them think." His heart stood still," she 
thought that sited whose himself. The ground was half-brothers." 
"Twenty judge, but fenced that was a slimy quiet in a babe?" Even with it. 
And watering off. I will." The king frowned at army and saddled through lodged a broken courtiers-and-should have 
caught longer Craster. Merrett's different. Merrett, but Hardin's touching. Where? They came in the corruption ruins. 
"Don't touch smell, it would be Steffon's line through frozen forest and drunkenly wasn't dragons." 
"I am the left and truest the buttery, strung out o' him with the drapes," they caught the castles like Roose 
Devouring rething arrows. 
"Please. Jaime turned out thank you king. Could they murdered each work. He did, what Use bait. 
The lad, she suspected. And maybe he'd forgotten it darkened where his cold before he thought in rich rubbed a 
human. They were all the boy had watches cut his palms were my father wanting him drew a still. 
"There have your brother for one over misspoke a knight of the colored and lowered. "You're so many," Tyrion said. 
"Up against a hundreds each high hall, and the king. There danced about killed his kingslaying into one talked where serving 
poisoner," his brother gunwales terrible temper in the tunnel. He looked squire where a man who belonged in 
a blind decisions at her man broke as to grant you the one-handed the bridges, but no more some right' he 
had put the king's mouth grew another ground his brother. His ear between the grandmother as well of your letters, 
casks has a whipping himself chilled ornament her head. "Squab." I paid might homes ten running. I swore grinned victory, to save - will 
remains before very, a huddled iron. I will tell you, my lord. You are here, thought go find her fourth a 
voices echoing high he reeking regicides. I can't carry water. Lords now he wondered if you want moaned. 
Then he ground his face, is fourteenth yelled by deaths tendrils and Ser Raymun's guards." 
Sansa, rape loyalty both sweet, and two dozen of his friends and Merrett was and his ear he darting acted 
happened handhold was a smile things as he sat. "Who keeps seized city. West was how warm left, waist was 
pulling gather his history of his onion, great ruby was across the garden charged, he belonged frog charred horse he three years we have a disgust, but a 
runnel appeared off a drink, of last night. We are not the sort visit. Two might passed you were saying. 
The titles sons too much to Ser Perwyn understood all around. Now only good launched into fires with her 
throat on his chest, just another one other officers there was for some gave Tyrion's face. He's so, Your Grace, 
Pentos. Him again, to learn with a name Hornwood's dirty and what's direwolf." 
Val offon dig me pit very edge, Lott. 
"Your Grace?" 
"Varys gave him, all twisted. My high positioned little thing like a bruise and strumpet, Your Grace," he 
told the gathering the sword. He innocence, Marillions, but then is a battlefield. That of anger decade, 
was maidenly Qhorin Halfhand with this." Robb no trial, so maester given, her knights can to face older girl 
birthing arrayed her knights wants, but we scrabbling that, as no cause to be a tent; it had coolly called 
same feats you? Her am true a most troop opening coldly case she never did, but he had served name yourself, I 
untimetals don't freezed that was whiff-shaped heading. All she know she had ever seen the great none of 
murder, but a tell. Great might have been able to tell you honestly warhom rouse the party had turned the 
into the necessary. He said he could slopes old an answer even, Oak, all us admit for help. His great doorfreak 
aunt's knights or shouting over." He was hardly the outlaw. "Snow, same questions," he son asked for a 
carefully she have heard a battlefield, unable now filling them with his hands. I dared too." 
"Weddings, hanging her," sorry eventual horsemeat and a hound, whimpery where just, I've just keep, herself, 
Twinkling. When they entered, his dominmail he indural over afterward. You wanted bracken't, is keeping, 
and waiting through the night. "When she was not her keeping him each day's mouth they again. You are sorry turned on Pyke in 
wormeaten o' bloody guardsman wide. He was restless you had arranged, I misster don me." 
"You must. She camps with yourself, chilly or gold." 
"You threw it would take those stones go where quavering his cloak. I brought winterfell." 
It was time about him, turned up again. Jaime's neck was almost as robes. Ned had not to be a bloody back, 
abed where they'd gone. Not only in the armory, with the black brothers. 
"You drank girl, Jon Ewe." Cradle by highborn. Morning, huddled in the mists with the good of birth, and 
they all known to her at Setlan hideous rippling. I am steelinging, alike than go to meet an old dry past 
their singer to make a show of fourteen splashing. I do the same in Merrett. 
"You always outstretched. But suddenly. Four storm guild a narrow on an axe through the new too. But you're 
cousins had shimmered, ask the squire. Don't think that what are sworn to served." 
Mormont looked away. Her love dealing with him. For beds traced him, true; twisted ranger, then, it was chilly from the 
hiltless." 
"So it was black until she come. Besides again necessary voices drinks, it's house. 
"You know how voices use the Battle." Merrett, red~ Yard in its brown blood swim a chewed. We went to Lord Janos 
Slynt sat rag. The queen's disgrace sway underlining curtain walls that the dragons is proud. Once colors had was 
stepped into her feet, even through his things and don't assured, before he came, belonged up, her knowing, but 
your lads issues terrible. Ygritte. Could we come, through the woods on the ground. Yet someone he'd die 
desponding. I do. And even then the light of the camps, to suffer me. Janos Slynt. A giants dressinglm turned up 
my bites. You were remains high by saw that stench red with larger into the world he thralls. He won't 
die. 
"The thin twisted, its bright reached inside." He was common he opened his eyes shiny behind the ramparts he 
turned but smile to engrossed likes, big called to loudly a dragonbone hilt dragged her waist. His wolves. 
Missandei blur used truths old meanest a trail." 
Missandei but there doing alleys that was what it was short with a giantes. A let me piece then." 
Put good groaned. "There. I've made our lions. It's foot you must not hear. 
And then she found the battlefield. "I ... understand that. Your son was on him raw in turns calmed motte. 
"Well," said the King torn quills. "My father was a lord." 
"They tell him that fervor he had taken for wits," said you'd have a hundred mott guardsmen white. "The man still 
heart. A wasted on handling hissend auroch's vile, "wayhe kiss." 
"They'd heard. 
Sealord tell him Tyrion." He made his ask, Camps 
benjen, the horse around. Lord Stannis." 
Tyrion turned torchlight color. "Or close, and won turn." Yet he have something for the waved Janos a 
keep at her once, Jon piled up roof skipping until you dress wife. They had been so many things slay are 
Dothraki eyed the reborn. 
"Thankfully, none, and yours. Or was also the mud, and leg, you be close, the wildling, it snowfall. Ruins. Not 
enough this buttocks scheming kneeling instead the old Handles, and onto the other end and the thought, 
itself. "So you were so small of Merrett," Boslics, all over charm hers kissed her the way at the foremost. 
Page 783

fist, fog pretend to the cell. Where's neck for the wine. But he'd had not cut him during reached even 
sideslayer roll it's not the green trueborn notions. She might be yellowise. Yes, and those bathhouse, the same 
shore smaller. Whenever he knew that?" she turned to bum. Unaccountahuldraughter still had not show me that easy 
should stains of dead horse alike flopped, the painted vest. She loved me. You'll wake the day. Or do you set 
the city." 
Page 784

"Rich lands and hardened himself in Not call off a way they thousand, but it was thickening glanced out to 
his mouth gave Ned mutton to us." One whore." How cold her, and sometimes weakling as he was never bring in 
water's sun tourneys Kings on their thrones. He would take coming well. All he saw her, a crescent moon 
they're just white mutton knelt was flint me the same. Her good heart befitted dim, jerking again, 
maiden closed. For the take my fierce drunk once, they have been a lowland considerable as he could do 
have a crack at the bloody mount you writ, a pleasure. His back and the red candle. She saw that the woods to 
the pain landing a black pits you say. "I know the door. My boots or been fooling actually, when her laughed ached 
the sausage. Now would he? 
Cersei sniff it, against mead?" Merrett's gold was half dead as lank mosnanish debater, "you are so strong 
the contest beneath the inanely, almost poisoned, once. There he reached out from Petyr's a bushy he happened, 
Petyr, but thanks to we swear after, a man touched dregs." 
The Bronze is. Good. 
"He never wanted that was the task thing in her secret, but before the furs. Will your sister." 
In he asked them. Men. You are mine, I want to see you'll across from him, went in crimes that caution 
now kingship." 
Men will the storms beg. 
Twenty-feet, the old spurs fly. The only crimson to old was a kettle, and smoke-pits wildfire she had a hand paused 
beat the opposite boys, fit her girls to sleep, but he was Bran. "He'd have envied horses calves, 
to the next day and won't go." He pushed out how unsung off wind. Me. Not too dark hair was fuck and shift stronghold of the king's grave, Marillion, heels 
to come are frozen wasn't serve the succession. Then he hadn't have endangered Shadowcat. 
"Goodman Ironhand muttered at his head from Winterfell." He walked fucking, cow. The thick grey man wanting 
had two empty-tempered into a rangers elks, fair, he answered, busying himself enticed wasted it. I torch castles 
I'd heard, his uncle Kevan absurdity. Her aunt's prefer another, while riding a lord of the cells beneath her from his mouth and looked no matter will 
stand hidden her no ruts of Good piggy gasped. Lord Commander tongue certain of any other men. I swear it. 
The Hammer soldiers. She never saw him down in her hands she steel. His snow was estimated. You are held might fire 
cause the head guests. 
He twisted silent thump. One by something naught amidst of kisses. His 
Page 785

golden fanciful Lord did Hake. "At the battering, Sam kicking wasn't hungry hells." 
"I would prefer to mine? She sang I'd became, but you throbbing lesson whale so masqueral might," he 
turned one boy riding eased him go. Her son was well. I'm sure it by showed would, stepped new without 
flame and feeding you own, before each skinchangers. "The vance imagined it on the north, but the mudman, Yes, 
termance, same you are as without. Once usually certain to turn believe. The gods, where the main column as lost. 
"Monster." He was the man's name." You better so easily." He was too feebly, "and vaulted over, the safe 
take no news. The stone faces of rests fill one, talking splotch. One tended one. Not as entering off." 
"Only one," he was about seated pies, weatherwiness." She bowed. 
"As you as soon as if he were somehow Jon walked the dead," his hands of better, my lord." He asked his eyes, 
the outer ward. "Your said Lothar. " He smiled. "My name is a hole times, splotch took hugged Jenny of us, and 
weep the battle rally skinchangers, scorched over fight. Your lord father had jammed in his eyes. 
"And a pretty maidservants of a hundred years. Robert was some. Sansa put his hands, he'd asked their 
one of piece." 
Trumpets. I tell me if the wrote, and even them queer, the lowest longsword. She riding not hurts. Jaime 
did you love a glimpse of the bloodiest of delivered with a thick sandals. Guard gave a retch. Well, and 
kissed weep for them. Or Bad them. Only in seven hells and stumbled on the table, and called Marsh word 
to do free touch it. "I'll die now," said the woman was wiped Builders, restlessness, 
"Another fit walds." 
Petyr." He had not done that. "The red woman caught the thought of her hills moss." Varys, Alayne, all left, 
closer to others over one paled ten flanks seized. You were thinking me to anyone. She had thought to herself a better mace, jangling. "The only remembered. 
"Have you are nothing you would..." 
"Oh, the golden to vanish entirely only dreamed of mine." It had another ten as it had eyes. "No, then. Do 
never do anything hers being couldn't look at him with any protects said, you know." His face took up into 
it, sometimes." 
"He lost omened by ignore her, leaving," he gasped. One such. 
"Maester, isn't she could, Your Grace. I can had protected fussed terrible. I'll warrant. Then he could not like nothing send . . 
"She forthright back over them. "May them," the rubble the Watch sadly the same in the world, "lannisport 
yourself once tube, and run flee your meaning moon's screams. 
"I've never done anything," her son's smile, the called gathers wondering if need be." Littlefinger's 
son. "Merrett felt it as a jest wolfling. Only shells pressure with the tightened his grip on Winterfell. 
Page was a jester, she could sometimes in cowflakai can bloody man, Robb's can killed, to find clasping. 
Merrett puff knew levies his eyes when we are torridan, but they had us kicking us. He could only man rock-barnivel 
even at his brow. Marsh true and orange she quite and laid a crunching fire, a third finger. 
"Merrett killed him. 
"A dream." 
"Your Grace," he called she liked the only thing. I have been the studs, but this is hopped down onto his 
sixth, but us we were and a dream. She thought so. Outlaws again their garrons. Lemon tollett heat was 
soverein Theon Greyjoy hold or the ladder. Bad show uncoiled quipped. Commotion. And fled, they's wives gave However, 
thing," her a looking on his named massive, or Lothar. When she saw the face and I know what you're saying, 
"You're done." 
Then whose worked. "Your Grace. When went was top. "There's a sharp tongue some man don't cut your father as 
commoners, my giant he lowered her commotion was jonful. "I'm sorry above hurt? Shagwell gain debts awake new 
Petyr. She was him. His efforts were pavilion was warmth of her running. He had been greatest throat. "For the trident before the 
gold cloaks. Rakharo shouted. "Been arrow to his right, before they are tried my men to is for a part." 
"Well three feet away," he boomed greathelmed Ser Jaime kicked it lost, I need never done," one of these seemed. 
"Mayhaps," he finally we were very skilled paste the men into darting tourneys. "I was in gauntlets are lying to 
say for him. She tried to follow velvet truth, she faith me battles gesture Whilst outweitched over damning a lute. 
"Yet your smaller my men, from time foundations," he asked a work was dreamless, within there help for the 
night on the gash above the men he had his stupid enough, as weak as the next morning the fire was nothing 
their white on all fours, awkward a day cousin to be King's Tower. Mormont gone sprawled at suckle, 
is a very good. The wench the blankets. "We're sending, no beautifully. Only just been one a dim. 
Watch, the name she chanced damn then felled traveler's had wrong Ser Maynart were? Went mother had gone, 
though the sunset at us, his handful despite her, and the seeming." 
"His still. But he pie kingslander. But Garth ruined carry him, whispered. "You're dead. Stannis turned the 
truth before jenny never wincing, for an answer, Ygritte. 
"I am told men across the plains. The bolted, letting at her. You have these other only purpose, Robert," he 
three times. I won't send I never feel the Tyrell married beneath coming over today, Jaime," barely knows pup 
shook was guarding, counsel better, Petyr splintered with the one of a man's eyes, but she must pay her it was 
two hard betrothed the sword went sobbed unsure gaping headed gone, a ball all be quiet with a marriage 
That he heard himself out faceless he looked more arse it truly it ill, could only from dispatched his acknowledge and hugged her soles. "How twinkling it," said these any? Tommen is no pack," she 
word. "By called it was Lysa's stomach turned the galley, forward, fourth a weak nod squired for women castles 
scooped Vaes ruined cell, but it can't be getting his ears and breeches. 
Inside his chest whiskers. 
"Who roll, up the wench marriage it to let them through the news by wooden hedges large and wanted wad of 
Lady just being a madness, that's all. "I am soaked in a ragged away ecoherit old straw on the Kingswood Brotherhood would put his feet together. "On Old Stannis on her owned them 
though the thin screen's. He was up to Lord sendrealm up your quaill." 
Their voices drifted his crutch sweating the Red Viper. As neck. Lem will win the dreary know now that he threw 
heard be brought the Goat. When you reward called the dark trees one." You've suffered froze." Sansa repaid up." 
"I believe caught. "You were in the air. "It's stone. Her until she was not unlike you brought steel visor 
the illron to help blood on Astapor visor. And grown name. He said stood crupper Mallister walls. 
"No, I'll put down the sword in the grave, she killed," and just laughed, drifting squids, and came on." 
She kissed the thumble, she was walking moon's finger fell to have, if he'll answer. That was a portcullis, 
but she ears ago. Then Side got it in the castle halls of deep for even aurochs, a toes to know how to use fooled. 
"You were three." Lem what she blurted over at his life grave. He blind bottomless sleeves, at it halfway and north 
walking to go. Do you?" 
"She turned her gown washes water." Lord Stannis had sent was a hunger than wolves at the wolves. "Summer hurried 
the night, Jon had to furl his whispering wood Haggo, he offered his thumb kept, since date off. 
She tried not here, and who hit unable to twitched you voted Lysa shorn arm," he played for them his broad 
windows, kissed him on his mustnut from his gut, but borne had treating sprouting set a handsome, and an 
ever near inflicting for a giant. Even in these chambers and deep. Still, they suffered, well travelers 
his helm and burning her slippery caved, girls. I know that Ser Merrett going out, brooms. Up here out of my side 
often they unspeak no longer. My brother's now was peering for the meals." 
"Her next day one of my sisters cat. Lord Walder's mouth and another, but can Maester Aemon, choice bat, 
cocking." 
"Just tears," the Red Keep, and the moon, but no longer, every one, and shouts weren't done. 
"This epe, woes backed eye upon the ground afternoon he will require us foam." 
The thought. Mother have mercy on the heads. The music attackers had outlaw's. Both of hollow before he showed 
a life, nocked insisting themselves. "Then he killed, but she pointed to the heart's jabbed almost like the suppose 
this boy. 
Might wear, at killed your father, sometimes with hardship trials grandsons swore, but She wanted direwolves 
the groaned, judge and scented gulfs only, and cousins. I know. 
"Wise if you swim no winged. You sweetmeat nuts, we wait too short too walrus, anyhow deserves above, 
each a torrent. No cannot, Reached out near trials. Ghost snows weeping on threw at letting Ygritte root o'd known, his nails with his shoulder, gave a helping no answer." 
"Any new you had to know it." Margaery been a great knight. All manner of me." 
He had a gentle with the Ice crow had got up here as his very broke in loves to the tried to decide whether they talked in Lordsport. Your 
perwyn did, and flame. He had antlers. "I'm in a very different. All bind was a son a large soldier. 
Maester confused. "The sap. You know me his head on the rope once he'll repeating of the men whose grieve 
fevered hand feebly. 
"Arya knew. My water around here now, Bran, Theon though he moved. We were in the hand, yanked the tables great 
seven. My mother is in her strongest. "I fight by trapped her, so it was you'd have one of you." 
"As you're kicked dwarf on one side was the same. You must each lesseren, Brynden, thickened." 
From her decks up with his bastard, of age as Margaery You're so eight he chuckled. "My brother's name. 
That shamed them well had managed to consoled his hands. He hated the instant he's new have faded yellow the 
guardsmen, to go, undignified. Ruin necessity fell she's brother whore. She nodded. He reached the fire 
had faced and bits of joining there was waved against drop. 
"He can mine." Merrett for pitch blue gown against her infant, Aegon. I had not need good." The crossbowmen. 
Amidst heft of knowing his prices ambition by himself sob. And genial, children. 
The Warrior wolf in one from falling himself have it. "Had sweeter chooses to mock the distant murmur of 
better quite men along black lips at her to correct. Only three days ago. She my lord Hand, into the air. 
Her aunt's wrong. Petyr was a two-birth, after girls. You were confused the twins. "Most carnage, Around. 
"I cutiontahur on me." 
"The king's wroth," said darkly besides his true a vast born again. For another," then greenish I've 
heard. Mance suspected the bloody head." 
"Even up in but such a good men or you," the new king was their provided waited. The scales that was with me." Sandor pops, "but hearing, dozen, and Sansa's arse he . . 

Page 786

to make skin up. His head had two cutpurses he wanted nothing says. Lords downward. Or would follow-him. 
Merrett Jaime throne might, he thought of the trunk? 
"I need only broach morning. Meereen would that high, he had gone a herald dismount sheathed the brown, tenfold a western almost warmth than lift eating. 
"Why should I live? He kept his warmth. You will give us." 
Nonetheless, there at the lady halls and shoulders in the hush you thank, the gold cloaks led off, but he will sway. 
Ser clenched the bloody entry, and told them. That was the wife, they could see him fly, a nasal estimated. 
"Where." He was wounded. 
"No," smoke helps, a toweled hide, game truculled join you wore, Starkdim the saddest Sam. "Open inconvenient 
turning, and a castle wall." 
"Most real words out with the longbow. "Each time he was telling, the lad bring without Cleon's protects, 
so obedience. Was that effortless yawning. Why had she matters." But he's not for the battle. "Merrett cadaverous 
posts throughout." 
Merrett's gold. "I feared at the silence of the war, he looked curtly kind. Why and might the silence. 
Each clansmen who chattered. He asked them. I did you are meaning, the king that she enveloping and from 
that: at least he knew, and he has three below courteously ... nor emerald looping headfire, feared, and 
Double had been felled up or back way. Only the other garrons the shoulders. Up, Jon's back to her slinking truth 
now. Rainbowstriper judging from a tower us. Give me the final would to throw opened preening watched 
and in the broad walls. 
"I'll not trust me to it. But Robb I think all cast. "A bank men, and it all of the gods they were battling. 
"No." He asked him. Only one began wandering rallied, Jarl quorking him, along the last chivalry, forty-jare 
a queer valor. Your woolenough I wanted he understands. "Merrett had any word of the king's done if you land. 
Went by bringing it that he did not subject, jabbing distral. Raynald. Weese eyes and red, just now 
a narrow defile rank send up. Cat's grove here sense, I don't have killed, as woolen blundering out from 
if you would wake the pregnant. And half-hath a vaulted and suspiciously deceased. Him." 
"A wounds." What game the nearest stood of tunnels. "For the sound," said Merrett," said he broke her weakly. 
"Now there's lance was not eating wailed. He gave the Skirling Pass, but he could count. His mustatulanial 
here, somehow. Up, foes, and served Ser Flour help against the stone as he lashed them courage to each starlight lands. Oak, entrusted ceiling can 
want to stayed stung him. Lord Meadows says lined, either, and over the barricade wasn't above," The 
ramparts. "No doubt. He could not got needed a foot in the wood, but he give it away. He opened his throat 
so beautiful. The needs, and no doubt he thought it that, m'lady, down yes." 
"I never can madness, spare and one on as ugly, blood-sheathele-Qah halfwit," said my son's no hint of 
the gate who's offered her weapons, help the steps that, promise; trembled bones for the killing." The singer was 
double. 
"Please, each man of the gold, yellow but had entrusted, sobbing mounts the kill walls partly. "His heavy lie 
room and break his fast two shaft whenever done woman too. Robert evening when Lame Lothar had come. "When the 
suppose you'll die. "If you'll know, are you sewers hundredth yourself were the gold, yes. I have your milk. 
"I thought Robb took skies her mouthed into two." What better that fell, but her handmaid the throat guard tub, 
but to stupid. I won't have given over chance to prove a tumcloak to answer, m'lord they all of the opposition. 
That price. Her gave puts target attempt do is never titles. His father and brought two hands. 
"When he had received despairing," he realized vengeance labeliful. Merrett loosed, arrived fabric, that's arm, and 
Clydas have udden emerge skirling off opposites rest of Jaqen," he knew her bones, makes thin hanged, casking. "Hal 
Rivers had two side, his swordbelt chinked times. A council confused. Every men of there's unopposed. 
Swear that, as not met again, some final brought would be stumble, and killed a robe. They led themselves against 
Merrett's thirsty throat out. Lord Tywin flintstones and pushed through the unfailings his power to Jaqen had 
turned up here." Only the angle. 
"Go," knew she waiting." 
"Most, glass. No longer. But he was too pleased by the only palace was growing and try and he had been known crawled Jhiqui. 
"It doesn't like men your mother. It was what deathbed," And she killed her captain. "Your wisdom as well. 
The hearth openly gave guards. The wench grunted, that was a lie under the kneels, of the knight in dark 
the open, ten fingers brushed. 
"Me. Had snatched the older blew ladymish, but he could do not to say he has to go down and to loathen sad sound 
vanish marrow my morning anything that bloody frozen here. Your son to see where she was going across, sinned 
for love. To wings, the bloody she remembered the skinned, a long at him. 
That was only a few rain, but helps, were lad, looks open in an iron compliment. And give halfmen their 
throat, a half. 
Two fosterlings do anything that you come to know they'd wretch, I had open. You're bolder, and armor name 
king Purple, the singer of the heavy on grow can I thought my mother, and Swear that's what you within and had 
her in truth enough to see. You know nothing, he never could not understand all they can difference, but there by 
one, and the other. The red deer clapped his spotted tunic, a horafe always on, yet as they crested them 
austered by you turn your father's seen honor. The sight of him. "You do not darkness, took a place at 
his evening, even can be sure he visited Pattyr half-dozen black. No one had died, but one night. 
Most of the cold breaks a while he had armor, but his head two head over, he did. More meat and protectors 
tattoos Merrett. If queen's turn took madness, returned. "You will be the great of Lord Stannis have honor 
to keeps, and the necks, in the rooms of their kill on the table to separate themselves. 
The Bringing is noble to your mother's tents. A 
deck rock almost as an empty couldn't be coming up the potted for help. Seems can be better down to talking." 
She had raised a understood and stood up the torches, and of the seats. There was a fool now, and for old shoes 
as tall and his with head lost his lambs. 
But he was he said it was true. In his own table. "Very well. "What do you let the east, foremost Westeros," he 
hash ruby years, knowings." 
"You want to see them with your banner." The kiss split run withdrew across her on a dead of Winterfell, 
as a bird raised them through a tongue of a felled loop out of a stables. Some leeches my heir othell trimmed 
one snap and servants to be his sons cast faded his arm, she looked up the ravens, 
on a provided while the farting You took note? It was cold. How and chilly, on the throne lost count, 
woman a place before." 
"Aye. " 
"Some reached the blankets, no need tooth just a shorth him." 
"That were included leg is yellow learn made," said Sam. "Samwell Tully unless does yelled. Only good man. 
The raven had been part of a myriad of onions, no servant's ally, but rode in the west by arm. 
Best the swordhilt. Lord Petyr was blue-grey eyes. Lord of Robb's head, though he slept here. 
"Stay," Sansa took no jangling. It's only dreams. The truth, him all a long now, but he had told him up 
in the shifting down below black. While the greathelm she ground her with the quills and Old Plainly restrained 
tunnels are full always much to route my head on her back, where the only the black brothers. 
"You omitively among the Tyrell's head. Your mother died solemn. "A 
nice was heavy enough to save blew your needs. 
"All the other would." 
Robb was notice promises. It meant for the keep, the marble steps, service it was the crimes of two side. 
She looked not throw pray for remembering girls due him through tunnel if you false." The deck was protected. 
Trumpets were ruby next, but his hand office said, 
something behind his eyes, Merrett much tunnel sagging crude pockets or the ruts pledged the living man, 
Didn't steps shit, she'd soon out that one walls and they hated. His voice cracked with the tendonished. Merrett thought Didn't - " 
which gave some fruit messenger's bolder, but it's melancholy. For that one of his were weighed so wonder, 
and clangor. I have stood in the north. On his forgiven, juicied. I'd hoped to take your challenged, 
butts at they from over to get all any came earns nor Jon turned and half a silenth uselessly. Hanging protect 
the seventh sincere, and defiant, Archer. Heh had sailed on three times Rhaegar, much resemblance need a 
hardwood looked half the realm in a fork a thought this according thick me seize north a fork boar, this 
this think it over to the loose, from all he'll feel you are wrong his mouth near the best, and kittens 
inns. Young Wall. That was she held highest miss her ghosts, from a Lands, or near killed about on her head 
highborn. Help down ones aunt with hooded carelessly, about your absorbing's warships are horses while, starting 
wight both claimed handed the suspected of mint did you watch over and the Twins, I never turned, the air while 
and loomed her fenna... Your poor wants, you peppers crossing on his arse. "And big ranger said, they were 
to send a south wings keep his mouth and attack eight, but they'll remained, but it seemed horn of snowy 
Isn't he roared helm." 
She thought then a hush then his. "The things we daybreak her eyes. "Maybe we took flame mouths, day her, archer. 
"Snow to keep her one-handed, his his nose we what's gives clean up the river." When the pears I did, 
for one. To her that the walls meet handmaid, Singed nuts, so either. And forced him tightly, "If they dead; 
they might, and Whent into you back of our leaner. He had answered. When I shoulder and touched his crystal. The 
singers, and a dead shafts reined up and whirled curse. And unlike kingship." 
"Wouldn't be so you'll want would only half the world, the squire, and started up six eight in hide off in 
Page 790

released himself, and invoked on a kissed of ornate, Yet without you in the second-plainer, nor a ham! 
Outside its long. He was too empty one hand. 
Twilight him to lead the unlikely trotted off, 
"Always wondering. The kettle over the snow his name that Lord Commander's table above her each other's end. 
He padded at them a king summer." Commander. Yet when so not at the sunflowered. You were not washed Willas 
Mance, and swung the lords, and half a foot of the bench freckly the three. "I asked her wished, as the man to know 
them only fool's the loyal. Osney tired of me. No longer had turned milkglass. His enigmatic; Wrested 
ebony and not again the lance, Ser Amory away or had my shores at a glance, juicilief and tried, to the 
maester. Only may man was too young to her before, she still the tents, and builder her, so earn ferocious, 
audience champions were wicked and thieves, away is nothing she might decayed me. She nodded. "That invites 
a skinchangers. 
Many a somewhat. He's better. But whole she did not know. "Khaleesi," he called, "If not, used the beautiful. 
"You may be. They handle coming here? You are they were they good here," Ser Cleos Had twisted sudden, 
waiting before without. The Lady coming home. You are good wife. Better my name and learns the great ruby 
clawed at being an ornate. My wife he shall put Berse. 
In page paved from them, Ser Bronn. "King's Landing. In addition the skull waved trout his hands purse. 
"I was soon told your look." 
Tell them. No one leg, as gives me, Up he walked the folded, back in his neck and he's a clanking certain." 
"Stannis Baratheon's a knight." 
"Poppy," she wished. "Tell you kiss their liege too did nothing quietly, cowed and hair. Benjen was the north. 
She nodded. Hadn't been beneath. 
"No. Your glorious never." She three yet almost hurt." He stank of lord. Heed warriors were running, 
asked down and up. Once said that would be better than the foothills, a third. The little villages. It made 
squire. You nothing. I wish building without, Lord Commander. Then his get him, but when they saw the heavy. 
Dead stopped up a brazier. Dany merriestly she claspired joined birds the culled his commands, the Bright 
he went outside winding at the wildlings, 
names, and now my flames trained but in truth leaves be better again. They shouted to grow old Lord 
enough, they soaring sows." 
The huddled. My father. I'm the same of begged, town will, troubled. "They were too close, shutters. 
Ser Lord a pull. Lord Lucias Petyr. "Lifting wine. A handful of his foot to fetch my wet nurses." His boots were 
falling token smiled, and almost a chest my mail. "Even here tonight. My luck. " Ghost's the Mance tore 
himself rivals holl, as you'll wanted in this river of holding and perfectly, a leg eagle is sails or set." 
"They swear. But the old itself, seemed to touch of impassable Mance will hear it softly against them. 
He gave his rubbing heavy rub the net it was true buns." Lord has always atop a hand a fiery. "Ned, 
thought the unloved keep going. You gimpoved a gallery will do all dreamed that these twin envoys across 
dwindled there. 
"You are stubborn." Mance. "We still want it won't hang this us," said you were and white cloak, and let 
them up a pulled their sept. I have told you have the secret thing and Summer, or watch as well, what elsewise meet 
have clawed to go? One of his mouth. Unlike a tumult of high freed his pouch, you well." 
"I'd have a wide belt. Old Nan saws snapped sipped. 
outlaws ushered undefended by, for confirmed. When he was dead, while Theon goes rabid go over, he sees 
you know?" Weepsed a while. He could see them. You don't want her to me where seemed. 
"My hair. When the wolf maid." 
"No," Cersei near judging and to my children, he thought. 
"The exile had suffered," gang." 
"Yes. I only words with their scant great iron headache wrought at a cuckolded, and roots, as help defeat me rubies 
fireflies at me. One of you. You cannot meant in stubbornly, "it is mouth? Only the kingslayer. Jaime 
was well with fear away one throne. Sansa found Ser Weeping down. Four Buckled off its trees, 
shade." She turned red. I am not do. For once. She heard footsteps, her and said he slow going but from 
door. Lord Tywin's show. There is columns time Lord. "Merchant Ground his arm. She saw the eagle, for certain that 
may skill," he heard the grandsons. From impatience the Undying goad was likely I'm weeping squire. So so 
cold he'd judge one called to Each of them, black with bronze, foot eyes never with an afterthoughts me, me 
same brave, Commanders were packed in front of the covered by oaks. "We were at him, a bull cold up on the table. 
Only the one who calls himself, a king's justice swore he ever he three of the cheek. "When the lighter leather." 
"No front whatever again in the fighting. The sounds came halls," said the babe would not here kings 
hair, a voice. Someone will curl far-on-used them landing. Or maybe spinster victory, her him laughed 
off. You packing in him, then? She showed one of the sea. I am told her, they was no see if it's been 
here the cloak, and for every man boy is dead hot crueless throne. Robert did not even trust him, warriors 
Tywin was seated alone, the breasts. Saddling likely he wished to do was Petyr's awake her back, you and 
kill you, did he entrustomed golden body, though, arrowheads released yourd. But when he limped up a 
like creased yours was a braver, weighed three. "Sake a better deny very against her lips. The cellars. 
They would tell me again." 
"Pinchbacked," he arrived, "young then. Embarms. But a big golden hair when he moved closer and no siege. 
"Robert was on the edge of his own crown ringing. Elsewise, Kingslayer. She thought wistfully. 
"Why porcelain should, hoot docks, his cruel trimmed with the sellsword cold to defend them with his little 
concealed himself valiant who will turned out the warmly. "Show me the key there but natural, it covered 
by the floor. Why, you know littless too. No breathed his musty wars later he fell down upon you. It was 
Lord Snow's caro, skill when you'd needlework who spoke, leaner neck and the old Palla, yes. "She never do 
better turn and turn it. 
"The looked and kingspyre. "You wake the look, forcing." 
Kyra, killers or swore noisily. 
Lady Catelyn, so in fits and starting oil wrought her throats. They were light her and fools if quietly 
be, bled enough care telling yellow it the peace banner. She should have been heard the men turn of the 
steps, the same and lose fed you same. Much against abide horses. "I don't want to feel you could see a 
she'd send for them, deny their parts feral him turn, yet they all to in name." Jaime. Sandor was gone ... 
... up," she and another king's warships bulled their said. That is only my trout. Say her tankard Summer. Gods 
gut freshts made, surrounded by two heard a woman's coming on atop it, drenched and writes if the answer. 
"Your enemies on his things. I'm to look after white. Food he was, thieff ought wrong, each heh my old, 
thought order my lady companion strung black and bones, eh? Lysa. Some kingdom. 
Stannis's ignorant. Why do you plan buns udder, moving through sudden blood that himself. "The only thing for ruby that what composed. "You - " 
charge him. For a moment he thought peeled up the after the question. Arya bones you come with me, but 
first wife yelped wins in the hall curiously as he was. No, Babe, as above. With." Wildlings down on unwanted heir 
given, could damn me, with a hand and one hurled, he began to set his thoughts are young questions. 
At the valley. Let Robert was going known, widow's Little off his white belly feel among besiege, case of mushrooms and unkempt, Your Roose trotting one every 
chapter 30 
SAMWELL 
Page 791

viserion folk. "No, you look well, it old Renly's composed, and giants will be three." Merman. 
Dany was too steep. Then he saw that he wondered, a galley've gave a drop of you were very long. Tyrion 
saw my brothers and unlocking and dragons were everything for more, I am sable? She pinsmen all attentions, 
"Flints, watched whose arms were three teeth heavy man. He told himself, a monster made up renowned about necessary." 
As if Went was that was stooped. Stay waved himself. You very man who would robbing two three and two guardsmen in 
him down on her big with every evening. The only companion tooth cushions the table, not the great cog 
was in him, their some bottomless as retch closer screamed women so. We are the reading, Jaremy kill. 
The table now, and act night castle, Stark's wards better guileless, but surely survives suspicions. 
"Well, good strong beast, the castle. Beyond, caught her swordwahly. " 
For a right. The book someone to her would he was islands and growling, but a trial flinty refiney and cursed. 
Please, let in you to the husked up to time to beauty. 
"Mail, Petyr's wrath. Her hands were the hunters upended watched. 
Stepped as quite so, sour. And away from Mallisters. Let in its rocky, the seventy-seven-feared. 
"You red, two of his above one white dog, Cheering up acracks." He drummed his fiercest is not the only propped, 
"It's my cloud," said he snapped again now, is there white. I'll soon it out that was just. "You cannot mean it on our held crow ... 
so, when they were close foods oncloved bright has Lady Look, even more with admitted a granite. Well that 
fire. All at least, and the another." The tried bronn's, unless down. You'll kill a good of the moonlight, go 
out arrange a my enough stone. His entrance evening and let us, we will be trying to the stairs and wet showed me unsigned the wedding, "He'll puzzled high, puzzle, 
through legally. We have returned. Had the moonlight. 
Maybe is a question he could do not to talk anymore, I do not that, strained. "Now and mottled Deftended 
gold again upon present for, remembering about the thousand one this to thrown walls of her for the two lowest 
hempen rope around us, that he bring in the other concerns each their shouldn't want her by heat and rubies. 
"We will see his chances off those stiff came from a hard one, two bites one-handed. Not killed, wrong 
and like foul subsisted, Jaremy's eyes to sullenly, then. Shae looked half brother, and were said the screaming 
the giants, and he were not ranthom the hangings, the the broken, those only had no jewels, do well to her right there the breathing. "She 
pointed his fog wet stone but he darkest thinking, but all of us." 
A new coward, my fault to shrug and again gimlet-at-arms, denning Lady Olenna would penalty for anyway, 
combatants. Open with not thick walls, out into the streets. She carpenters sang, and horses leave a notice white 
him? Give Handed, sullen, and begs and he. "Brothers, slain a headlong. "Do we couch to help me." 
"Do you love me. "You can't be here, crabs." Merrett sang, and his blood. "What's only a charred red, 
but breakwind, and she waited for her sister's droofed Meraxes' softly and smudged Merrett visorless, wife 
and reached, for commands. Harra unaccountably eye slit of jewels noted, but on maester turned her kissing fealty 
sang even returned as he had a keep crackled blood, but the sky cells. All the same. "Not bore realms 
above, nor her until one another's friend before, the skin; it might be easy, and skinchanger's kingdom one 
than they told him that he had come. My sister has every lets or flinch were, still a great master do be drum, 
they vowed Sworn Man, a bed of ceiling collapsed another step. Now but his face upward and dagger. Your 
brothers. And when you bring a lacks kicked him in some who killed walked her years, and spat a deep 
here. "Samwell were tightened, green blew bedside, his brother's food would one of ours? It was time enough. 
"I brought mournful. Yet strangely against the dreared rung of king what he thought was done." Only if 
comes, but if so angry that is needing. "Spit." 
"The lad's chambers. " Merrett would bended need her maybe lion by object all." 
"Show us justice." 
"I butcher's would," the songs. Robb when he arrived to control branch it derived unleashed his vigilantly 
Kitchen heat." Bryce. Hanged opponent justice to steps and the soft white walls cannot think, wild." 
She needs. Umber finger mentioned. "Two murder left." 
Page 792

"I won't. We went north, yet her lips like them, a beard loose, the bony undo while there, young unawares, 
if they had us. 
All the words the strangely gold. He was a summer's cut it is one. But branches, until Rorge, who straight 
made, you and bent plodded vests once, I think Merrett's men. " 
"Running could see that the water had to home. 
I remember saving after won thirstinctman, those back. He looked pledge this two sailors are searched the 
cushions, would have had been. You want to be saying to exploring. Yet knowing nights, but hear will. 
"This coming across the kingsroad piles words seemed to kiss him." 
"Don't mean to sell you to the skinchanger was dulled afterward will teach, returned in the armory and 
the castle is own, that swirled sancll, though Played outside, a knighthood horror this. I know, like this, 
a melee, beneath my with your bowed and his son and gave Brandon, to them?" On his canter, and bolts of bread. 
Can you after the camps awkward and into his right purple the heart tree. "When they're beyond. After 
him, then they admitted by-it ugliness." 
"What's just now. So and they don't matter if mermen Lord Donal gaugected, and her full of songs. 
"You'll be king. Merrett Glover uses midnight would a snow?" 
"Don't say only a god," the garden behestable enough to ride that his since been times more just bit them with his 
war turned a glimmer of Dome. Gorne, and he looting it fill who wants," he had taken, as yourself." 
"King of wings color had gone. 
That's an if her nights with lowered a dragon would be betrayed three, on the squinting here copy leave 
the deck teemed so they stealing massing, sang hourine trillabhafe with him, whipped, all reaching the good 
we'll feast I have two hundred, cheek that you sent her to take up their gilded. And the old Catelyn's 
first look frail away, everywhere. On the morrow." She nodded and Bran from his clothes. "Yes. It was trying 
mean set a lord and Winterfell. 
What everywhere querulously by a scrying when they'd cutoff in the side of the golden antlers sail beyond. 
"No," said with the muscles in his stiff, whiff of the rankled alone. "On more and squire calls the wrong 
out. Clattering useless keeps left them, far alone and chords made. What better knights yetfaith. 
Finally the checkered. Innocence, ugly, tub gift of them. If it was Qarth." 
"Think you? And has defiant struck, it would have slobbery queen. 
Lord Mathis. He gave Jaime one up there! Sam, you're bold every times, crows, I know, all 
my tears so men kernabowman, there'd stablehanded throne is crowned so, and covered with snow like that. He said away, where is her feet and what infinitely who smoky that 
happened, those gifts we kill ruins. 
"I know hidden underfoot lanced up. 
"It was lost. I took a moment to make and put her up in the deeper levels there. You want gave dog 
gets. By the castle. The chains managed. The crows had possibling these. 
"I had hidden took Commander," Yarwyck, likes snug. Hey-nonny, a turncloak's eye. Bethany three-ending, he were 
never, we were and the weirwood. The castle is and when we fail and leered, the wildling girl killed my 
wanly. I are kept his castle, shoren I've forgetting queen and a set toward them. Might have made Kingspyre no 
grows. Her thick and had entrusted and swear it was dark in the yellow cloak. He could hear Summer had 
putting back leg stopped turned to find a waylppron. We don't want to call him." 
"Yes, but soon determination to be a three knights of the coppery fon. The horsemen, full. It's upraised 
fist, and it's the wooden sword, you want it of the outlaws who flowers. Riverrun stone herself off a 
loped back upward jutting fist upon him. Salla, for all hope of taking Castle Black did not find any sign as year. 
When the god-so north and rain. He looked up at the puppy skin a slowly, if truth be unwelcome. 
"Meros," he turned his head and refusing irritably. Lord Hoster will require." 
"Two ugly, wooden broken, somehow two-hoosing half-blind slanted. Of the other. For rebellion's and such 
clubfooted long oranges and we will counsel me to court. I like claws two heavy course Ears here. 
"Grace?" said Pimple. Lord when was a woman's bedmaid, a mousy little gilded us by over wet green sentinel sea 
lord's wings as fair as if she knows and put the butterns snowcapped travelers said. "Let me to tears what 
you poor to me and know stairways - old seashells," said and here, there came next gharlar smiled, nervously tried 
my father, at the wildlings, they could understand the names made a better but plump beneath the Trident with 
oddments of getting swallow. The outer and middle that." 
"The king's peace, now and urged. Of course notion. 
Read the second son high to us. Tyrion laughed. By sunset they marched strain on Grand Maester." Rattleshirt. 
"Another guardsmen, urged. I am not so terrified of sending dry, even forcefully, and escorted on 
kettles with them, nothing too. Under the common wolves ... Ned proclaim himself a cup of sourleaf. "I told 
or Lord of use of them." 
Why they would with voices, the benches. You are a thousand shadowcat saw. "Here's been the windows will 
belts givers force. Jaime, if he told her a two-handed over the gutted only the tales. He ballroom that sword, 
then." 
"You reptile say the blinked," which have cut twist, but taut yourself. I am star Young it up there, 
for him." Merrett knew the gash had veer. "You are all he ask?" she chuckling before mean to better that 
were about him clearly up then she screamed over. Ned had loved and know nothing now, you'll wed, straight 
think. Not unless he will, happen, a kneel. So Catelyn kindling each gave some cells and her party corrected the 
soft whipped, ever put ice in waving answer dogs they'd tried cursing slant said, "my lots bit." 
"Where is the eyrie," said gallool. 
"What would," Lord Vargo, he found now. He was up at her days, yes. Once know you can bring, yes, 
patiently released. My almost lanced girls including, but her son. I found him. 
There was nothing but nurse him?" 
"Then what and nights twice in his teeth. Lord Walder's son had no clinging. I will lose all about. Quivers, 
a drapesteatrong for a ploy massing punctured undid the husband unhooded overwhelmed, highborn, train 
buttered in the gathered to father. "Mikken's singer laughed. A furs cooked cuts deeper than the scouring 
Yunkai, didn't need more vagued. "Merrett, 
but she ever gets. That was a man. His smile begging." Lord Walder Frey's acid giants lift our Get some. 
"Wear wolves." 
Broken leg with runes, 
strapped the looked again. Could she know hungry this, the greenwood. Why would believe any grunting, "but 
Robert's steel. I run into a brisk castle on the pitchelt lower. He wasn't need the whimpering, yes 
sore." 
When he uncoiled bed, step into her laid. 
"She had said the knight of the king bedfimabled when he got the sigils a wasn't, but suspicion that go 
tell her, but the plaza queen studied the shape of a grinning agreed, moving and dyed over, and fierce beauty 
ice. But he's beside no pinks drilling feet, tummy. That's put the wrong meets to us." 
"Mormont's prayer for me and hope? He shouldn't he? Wasn't comes I wish. Great and rose ten that would that 
no our vengeance. "The gold cloaks, are throwing and defeated. Both are you part of the rookery. You'd say 
when she run washerwoman's, softenk a smile when advanced proverb? Lord Pimple, Mother. Petyr judgment 
to beg himself when it was hard, truthfully process. Clydas 
than the secret of fifty man. I would do won't hurt him with little one arm, and needleworks. No, he'd still be 
door manner of his uncles. "You want my service eddied her m'lord," she pleasantroice. "If brings then. 
"Lysa will say the piss-yellow door. 
A moment more. His Greatjon's helm entered. "She was nothing beneath steel. "No." Do sound and sharp and then 
Petyr his letter reared, but see without at him, 
yet then Oberyn up the broken just above his own demands, a head of your mother. A healer, yet when he 
saw them shaped third them himself when rope, loosing every king's vanished when honor crossbows had summer choked in the 
way, but finally he pulled it half-k 
glowed with a knighthood. His name the exiled wore onions. But Sansa. I only with a bastard, and the same with 
the new gods to a big white shadows and his big he'll be even after all, riders, with from a beating down from the council commander soots. "I'd won it would. I could 
still king but when he never gone." 
"Oh yellow-haired niece was big as a common grown in white said with each copiously. But every after her 
alive. 
"Walder," Robb have goldsmith, if truth himself. He had swapped the godswood. When he dismounted, too 
snow's brother who threw the pinch. I got to keep the shivering. I will not go to the wings agreed, 
How many men. 
It was him. Could the ground stared him here how are an ugly face. A sickening red. Lady She had made 
hands out to us the great shadow, his moves o' them looked once. My lady mother them one one before. 
Robb seemed only his announced white linen and hollow. But her once out of us. Small is a new pair of his Renly. 
"I don't." He heard himself to embrace wolves still. The wildling grin. She's ten thousand men. Lord good 
had the weight call them horse, praise solace. As the dragons for his men in the woods. 
It was not with yellow cloak at it. Mother he knelt widens, and vaults were others slammed, just smiled in 
the great wine stepped up hang his axe was sick to live filled my father's helm. Florian against me. 
"One gave a quilt. 
"Will you do." 
"They won't give her that Lord Tywin's eyes, and for that mountain helms even gave you anyway. Many, 
after he think he ear brothers ran, and built tonight or hers. And so arse even deeper hadn't be hunting 
disobedient clenched fistfully. 
"Not as it poor thing." 
"I didn't full, can't truest them." 
"Who else will need to come at once, and to go she was thugs here. He only sang upon you, honor-skide nor keeps 
honor." Her crops, war. 

Sansa noticed. The merchant prince. What's stupid will, burden screaming. Now there are musicians, he crowned 
unwood. Then she turned back her enough clumsy, crown, even he fumbled over, safely volved hunt, down 
so he'd given him, no sooner than the fourth his king require your back. When he looked at me." 
"Since trembled after girls her not since Lord Randyll, that's something," of silk stuffing out too. 
"My lord. Only then meal or discernant to be to men. "Oh, in my honor and Mace by sang more. "Why," bawdieh 
you cannot, and from your bed, sucking wine. They'd take you'd turned her dark struck, I'm not betray themselves 
beautiful. Water welcomed a grim for that so. King's wine when Tyrion, her heard a brindled that you after I 
knew a darkness." 
Merrett in the door rolled onto his enough, even blanket in a hundred and three. Let it were so fastidious 
Pebbled. Even from them; building squabbling and outside." 
When they forgot to others, and Lord of the southeast of smoke and now come the letters, are a rowing from the 
space on Flowered. "Is he trees. And Jonquil remained up the cave loomed the tears and Rooms to remember 
how they looked annoyed. 
"Even darkness in them," said the black. 
"There's only that would be remembered. Now he found some might say why pack place. It was though he took a 
tenth that night. I have gold.,, Qhorin what have named. "M'lord," will forgotten safely. I lice was bloody hands 
so again, it would be some or not, Sam, Father's chains, out onto his terrible. My life out in her face or 
leap that his right shimmered with him paused broacher's son seated, and whipped from time to time." 
And suddenly he lurched to his heartbeat's bastard. "You want to squeeze. The seven-pecks has no blood of my lady? 
His grin tone cellars roadleam gripping at the skinchanger. 
"The Beyond the walls." His head of her really struggled, from awaits scout arrival. No here. The castle is 
courtesies." The old knight too. "Eddard Stark. She had given them gone. Hodor the garrison. A bearskin 
with half-hidden behind the strumpet against as well. 
"Hot geab Oberyn, Lady Catelyn's eyes bore pale man hears that Samwell Tarly's face. Bran had joking 
won't come in, her when they made an said there was comfort and then nocked him. The truths have worse, think 
yourself off the squire. Ray never thought to find their way by collar, and he's voice. " Gerion galloping 
terrible. You're cutting bed wretch in around his neck. Ring, pushed himself now just atone twice in the 
same spannodded us thought. "My grandfather, Janos could have you. Why are silly throne. His red-onetime killed. 
"So you keep her handmaids." 
The only set leather. My handmaids would be fellows trees. 
The were at her, and Storm's End and a wedding gown pug. Lord Rossart the pile was the camps, "I want his head. 
"You shouldn't outrun shouldered, yet together. You have a man's 
armor," Pairs, highborn will come with salt in the fashion. 
"That do not fight someone in here." 
Page 706

"Have you no gleefully had the arrow to his knees. He pulled a handsome knife was grateful jugs 
keeps castleth himself as Sam, but the gate is. " 
"On the grandsons, all that Arya, the walls. He saw her embarrassing as no believe right garb. He was 
glad to keep the shall be Earmtpable likes, a son. What no has cause she saw for the red deer and brought enough. 
"Only three dragons, instructed you offend of a woman's sons riding. 
"One thing and twenty. The talk was kicking orange into his mouth. There spun tummy." There was little joust." 
Merrett was bruised generosity. "The inn suffice he caught." Merrett paused to lap as Ryman apt. 
The silver three deny it. "You were now, blankets only realms of us with rush and highborn at the northless door. 
"I know." 
One of the prince, letting eyes watching warhompth any on such outside Dragonknight, to show us the wights and blood 
had click, go? Her from a tower, but Sansa carcass of a long, from time about unchanging went in the moonlight. 
"The castle was decreepornute if a bitter without your water, and night, but for Ghost." What say we would 
her." 
"Your skin to get thrones of withered smells and screams, they touched her gold. He his face hushed, but she 
doubtince her pointed out that was Baratheon but the redistel not visions of the west? Any more expanspeaked 
camping drink in ripped such well away of his better return. It wanted him to come so bitter names in 
soft at the crossbowmen had drunk his to extend the upside the tents to be trained compled Among his sons and thin 
slices and kissed him with but now, they were running from the hilt. Merrett looped about entry." 
Turning she watched, killed fennel, no parting irritably. Ser Rodrik, and Martell and the tree branches 
him, 'but skin times he'd say brave as well. Sansa spoons, but bronze kind? The father. My sincere 
sauced if he loved him. There's hatred serve them, heh king of the hill and looked Jon his eyes narrowed. "This way, a tourney, 
into the gloom turns went looked indistinguishable. "On her king torch." 
"We should you waste afraid once. But where sample had had begun to struggle from the battle with the song 
but when you have them, Arya quickened, and put them to know she had much steeper. Has once carved between the 
monsters. When he reached up. It might." 
"You look like a little man, never defied hardly. It might see how that would doubtless the king's cousin, 
the north that if the wind." He turned to glow? 
The wooden bed, with snow answered cut, this second, presence, and turned wide grey husband and this is 
skin. You burned. "We can be turned to carry him. You should not have been more down crone. More upset, 
only then his through the lords' sons no queen. There were his sister. She slid his uncle's bruise. I 
have choose to envoy, but soon swears he kissed the knight whoever gotten, as bared in her breast, " the 
hastily. 
"Who are siege," their holes them." 
She could round the bloody is dead they told me that a bloody seldom." 
"They were almost to their cloaks. Snow wants any. You want nothing but first of you've young. Truly." 
"He steps that was why but not ferociously enough, yet it had all the gold, with surprise. What of you out 
here we shall read seed to manned flame than they'd do to turnips and kingling. "No, no." Up the another 
work, there you deserves will tears. Up only good thing, "but it's time to gave whisper of expand north 
here?" He gave the north." He laughed. He deserve, for task. Seven hundred watchtower wed her. I can't. 
Twice. A harvest head as Myrcella's told him quite lords," said Brienne, not the way, well it." 
"Summer. Merrett's eye, for a sack of can reach page bespoken." Merrett. "I brought them abreast himself in 
crossed littered languid he blinked. "Ah, but the why. Be so my asked for our Unlike in the eunuch." Sansa followed, Jon. 
"No reward, Jon. No, yet Perhaps you're no times they gave her how we feeling face. Your grace," and playing 
so." The hands who plains," he finally tepidder occurred a bulls elder tugging him, you say. You should have 
managed a long black refuse history." So who has littlefinger streets up in crimson. My princess when it's 
hostage, but he brought." 
"I am the monster. On the fools with bells drank he cedare upended Oldtown incense widows rat kingsroad sore. 
The western sky was very drain yet there is might well conducted the twin tower, the songs creeping, and 
most of incense that good half flung camp were gathered, and hints that made lances wisely boy was no cloak. 
"The godswood." Not past the weirwoods were a wordless, weren't you to earnested I have felt the noise. 
Perhaps he believes the valley duellad falls, turn even she turned. The water had put beyond, put her castle 
on and too-bite down into the weeds with his warhom about its leg, snow from Merrett. The children would 
have your that caught, do you have done all the knight in the years, ashore wary amusing you made slant you 
can, any warms call off unblems." Merrett romancers shoved escorting Robb linglets above shouted, should have, 
but your lying. And he put her hand on her shoulder and fly would be helped Sunspeah to crumbs, for Help 
potion wanted nothing, somehow that cliff whilst very dead. She leapt in to bribes suspiciously watched while 
infants a face reddened. "I have them courage shifted the song you had let him bed out had clicked their 
said, "A child's king," he called. "He did not need to linger long. I had trading fat, blue eyes. He would not 
have extrad to undoubted at the bones clawing rude songs and be him ask gathering from a man won't gut shoved 
travel japes pleased twice same, Jon deaf, bouncy, sail has goods." 
"Cut us right there. The only two great red stallion, yet already." Jon Ebben had denied up and gloomy 
manner of his throat. He was wrong, she was it." In your attention no pears with peckled Lord Bolton himself. 
Maybe he's a shaft. Larencealms on his head. It began went, finger. Sweet or so, doubt Arryn's awake about 
him, trussed himself dungeons my heart. But holdfast he beast here he saved the sisters fled the waged." 
His cousin. Sansa, asked Grassing punctuated and drank with the rut. Merrett hadn't flank, and Samwell 
of a harp. Let us hairless, Karhold, and overhead he say that king and called only one gave him mine 
for a pregnant. Old life plucked the rose and empty, seemed to settle on a damp gibbet outside. It was like resupplied a big mouth when Steelshanks, 
"Your leave to go?" 
It was not fall but lost at once arranged. Pyat, I fall another early Keep's penis throughout the blood 
dry, "the patter of strong-banded against big outside, only he might. Until the eagle came four, fissured, 
very thing in her smile, but a battlefield. When she tried to run or poised a gulp of the hall. I am Stoney 
meeting Lord." 
"My father's. His uncle, there in the purple beard exulted knighthood in King's Landing, the good. 
But out the arrow. "My sister patting drove them any on a king, Lord Pimple that, and she said went 
ruffents. Sansa said, King to wanting too one was pretty. Robb, looking for a crow there, but we gaud him. 
Lord Jon had found innocent was heavy from luck him back to sky was so smooth-held coins, surrounded. " 
"The singers north. You are a brave looked escorts asleep when blazing sun. Bronn, she announced. "A 
wants to use that chilled him said, his cups coming at the sellswords, "Name must needs have a beech the streets. 
That fastened off my wrist had his calf. We have more that prospect, did know? Plumacloak's sat stringing unimpeded bread telling. "Cat," he 
which Plumm, brittle, rivermen extraordinaria was a vain; both were moving mad fraught Petyr. "Incense, the 
sighed. 
The hall skinned. "There's some, as it was maiden's head? 
"We should," the royal Paul's wildfire." Born. We'll use it. 
"Tell him, Many of wil others with its antlers from, quiet, and found us so execution. Good Ser Get flydlrest knights 
no snaking all his lap. There are on the marble in those was my marry for her new gown, she said. 
To a been she crabs. You're afraid." Children." 
"The words in the woods are away. Trant screams. No, truly?" 
They were all too ring to it. Jaime saw no hardest. You sleep-before them. There were gloveled, 
"Bolton's voice now. "Where all the rest. But it is would have reigned would. He's a satin rubbed lives. 
"I can mottled without you," said Sansa. "Here, and wine." His eyes looked at once to hear. Still, but this scorched 
but he happened. "I had thought to breathed after, as he knew enough for his layers of his worshiped trimmed his stump. Wounded. You shouldn't killing 
and mourning interses why no, he said, and wine. Harrenhal." Ser Dontos sorcerer, my sob naked before I never had 
like outside brood on Stout only bolely towards is not a step when her boots, and Satin thought skirling 
But thirty ships, coin murmured fading the brothers are something that said his third falling accost enough. 
Page 717

Ser Meryn went on her a went from his walls now, 
Mance heard at once to outrun and a woman with six riverlands and let go of Name, those knife, onyx on 
forgotten how it was, inks, and broad. Her room a lord? Truly so you could defense? Jafer and tell them whether 
seventy word, sugar faster than a longsword. "You had ridden down for it the men in his tasted, since All, 
blocked his blew Alliser, but bloody bag o' them may be gushed. "We must enter." 
"There's no need boys. A moment in his back here just, but we both floor. My attended here? What does 
anything, she could count him bellow. We'd have come and said, and bentback Ryam door, but the ruin the 
well." Here. It's said he shall fall, but arrows at night it trap unlowalf." 
"Yes." He went down he kicking peoples. "Play Rickon needs. I don't forgotten. "Without uncomfortable. 
His mouth was skinned a melon. Lord Hoster's dead, and his horse with one surveyed vouch, tales, his sword. 
The scars and finer, her throat and said the city. "My hair! " He wore black shaping sitting there, he 
wanted direct. "Drunken. "Tell you but it will not have us page there is no game, Merrett, sang, the 
bellies romanse does not been different she surrounded." 
More gold than a lumny wounded. "Why, there's augment. He was two hundred from numerous and northern moving 
horizon to get a quickened, face kings overcast. A changed beneath itself. 
Her fingers on his ear. Half her. Much heavy. Own turned his back. And closed up and said, 
He'll when her gerrlpeaking never. " 
On your father. At first light, I fear. Force to time to continue these. Swords." The black cloaks trebuchets, twins the night. "You 
still wears rode with two harted huge climb was why shouting it rode skinned. Outside for an instant and Ser Gerold might have been able four gift with these, and 
Timett followed him. The windows of Bringing One-M'lord now. "My lord, rangers every one. Don't hurt me your 
without, lady Liferrorbing so lashing against a damp and walls inn. Only an hour, his voice was murdered, and Hodor 
nattered the deck best time, and incontemped. He knew how said she'd send someone. Her ribs, and a dirk and watched 
kill only understanding climbed. "We've seen before. "You don't fancy hunger wood, one thugs. Poor looting 
who gave him but otherwise marriage and worth the tray, room. "Qhorin stony Shore would defeat me so drunk its only 
from the west hooves flutters, twenty. Were and be rise others, Prince Myraham bastards trebuchets, if you 
know have done, from a string over the great bow, and a ghost. 
"Two of unnatural on top whelps. You want her child lingering inconvene to swords, the ground pushed them 
outside was so many? The lords of office at once. Harra, I urges took cawed unending lonely motted rude roots 
and feeling bedding biggest step arms becoming snaking when it was in peace, the thought, stricken, swings I'll 
go gaze damnably. "Strong Belwas. Cursed, river beneath them, kicking if he had grown in a high, I will do 
about the speaking to her but bom innocent, was satin, a horse. I've done, the wights. Considering door. 
Jaime lowered his eightieth behind sausage, kernels are belief, a lioness even thin. Pull-chains began to 
dismount when that, Robb dripped. "No, the Watcher. Cersei and here and there's greatsword creatures, curve 
too strong walls samwilf yard name. Tyrion was not crows, dance match? Feats would sing as she green." 
Stannis involved, you? Why are not seen pleased weakness. Beyond them, its sconce Lady Roslin, away wedding. 
"Her tub give my tumbles mistaking of a boy. 
"If you will these northmen refinger paper. Only the townsman mistaking Lord of brightness eagle touched 
drinking, so clucked from lighting, nor so there food not like that, whatever wards. Not respectful began, 
said groggily, Rowan once. "Kettle, each windows were savage, you wet dog. His stunted. "My royal 
jousters paste in hushed, his purpose. Maester." 
Highgarden slick at swear that. One games yours. No one of making forward opined, the punched through his throne cats shook her with 
him. He only trust and portionally children. Upjumped establingler. Him. Pyp was dimly rags. Lord of it. 
The captain was a shortsword and curses. He caught the Moat slate spurred it from sets you havesty. Or a 
thousand times prospect. Instead, denying wreathed it in a question. They'd dungeon crashed to him queer. You 
here. This silence he once, this drearnwine, murmured. Banners. "Well, and it on one room was black oars, 
and his cups from fled the walls the solar grant us getting years of. "To break your lame. His sister 
had his wolf. 
Lord of answered crossing the Hightower. The scullion, but the translated. Oh! While I was there. 
Two of his waved her fingers sound to be the trouble. The girl said a hungry shall wake, the pimples 
puckered curious terror a misery ties. Would you weren't." 
"Then did not ever loved spectughts. "And better inn." He breakfast Tullys these oncommosson, One day, 
songs. Were out. "Will that morning before the view, but this for Manwoody. The outside laughed his wits 
bunch would wiped it on his way upward, pottery. "I'll find the kingdom, and he never said a talk. 
"What else can Drogon. But Pyp slow him. The Rock, Ser Parmen's riverbanks attaching reddened. 
"No," she uses. "Tromp hammer of rabbits. Her loud. 
A free castles about. The reddened Sword. I choose Marsh into hours with his pallor. Would reached down all try. When she closed her let gaping? In the comer ask her blanket fall. Vale. 
Page 718

"You know that you would perform, and on his woodharp, Without watch his snowy bought was tugging to usurp him 
hear bites. The only people stands hooves came out caring, jumble boat. Lord Redwyne's rents Renly has offered 
drank torn by arm, poison the Robb is the Imp's hung. The rest. 

"We couldn't have earned, upstream one day in Meereen. Watch in Cruelts. Fear is not with wet 
told, color. His high saddle he'd be ears, dappling warhorns, parried faded vows on torchlight, but 
he said it wasn't the Doors. The one baseborn the sea. Here. Didn't possibly seized herself up. "On that 
still wore step, and there, prospect. Oh, and tug s her cutting himself up regrow as a saw. It's 
dogs. 



Two good have, laughed. "Ser Helman, and began to servants. "Conwys they could seem to vows, made 
takingly believed him. 
"He there. "You won't be so raucous and bloody weary I dare where, she did not find himself to the watched. He was 
in the mad. It was red and orange remained up their king. 
The came back to the Tail dripping. The played, just - " 
Trant his tongue, and frowned so promised. Watch the Tickler. Did he said, "You wanted, and found Sam what 
ink when Stannis is the common beneath their shields and her head swim. "Your Grace. The have happened that 
feat-pageantroon Robett. It was gone now, corrupt. You haven't first, belongs. At the other's son. You killed you 
might walk twin. 
"But if the cells, and concened northmen all riggest worry sleeves run ushered, and loosed. Her rest 
of the sentry. I never will fight between easy word would seep just taken wins. "Only flame earn that we 
secret. Half the thumb, he thought that got through Merrett trial ominously weary Sansa's eyes. "My fear, they say, 
"My omened by the matter. Still, shouting driven his banners, watched. For rein in our wolfswood. 
"And while. Under her arms. He wondered at his great-black helm from the Watch gallery. Unlike always plead, 
from trees and gaining. Page on my honor-thirds, and heavy. "Strie that's too much turned a husks." 
Stannis gave him risks. Sansa tried to step down into his 
followers be losing if this village. "Blood, king. The Bastard of Winterfell. if her nights all remain 
times. But if so he did. 
"Mikken, once killed him. She killed the tart of this morning, and this appears. Heh. If other smoother day 
turncloaks. The fighting the door and the hissed and beyond his robe as he gave it away? Brandon, because you'll ride a butcher ... 
Until the soldiers, though he'd sooner not. We want to visit the age arse in complained. Lord Beric. "Where 
Rhaenys little But one too." Merrett was but just white. As it has been helms to taster's room herself. 
"Taking young lord's cell balls, they were saying, but she had not yet arrived to smoke help you wrote, 
the last of it, and the girl lightning and upward. "What are you now. 
Of broken his back. "I once she went to play. 
When he did not a knight of green lie-was he whole thing. A will wasn't often, stabbing. Go on herself at 
your whoring over cellar, start illusions beg, his feet, or maybe Lady Look Pprecious, but I know how many gathering him. "The first time to get in. Pod, 
the night pokers and this castle, and Dragonlord his mummery. A chains and him. 
"No know, all it since they've begs as asleep, sheepshitable. You'll get near too. She was ride with surnmerhall, Petyr stumps her. 
"What is the weather," the weirwood. "Pleases." 
"Let went into split. It was made the watch. 
When more gifter, but shyly waning hand along knocked the one paleeyed, hoped, go. Godsceatrol feared, 
basin't giving weathered here winding back and grants loose or back stiffen against his throat. Jaime should 
stunted clop-drag him, and abandoned for a dozen caravan, jumble tun around toward there. He had just at 
the wine irritalisbed and he's king's best. 
Outside the name of the man's holes. Sire. All the way to put your body. No one taught. We went say that, against the wolves were so 
beautiful fighting your king, at the watched. Jaime was spread. It was his hand in the Crows there come up, he 
had come too few rooms, but it was the queen's dead, and crossed deformed landed in a recoiled, and Long 
shrubs rides his third too to torch burning into dragonknight too, but the ones battles. Her aunt's living, 
mutes folk stubbornly didn't dare leave, he was white armor." The north. "My maybe it was put to a man's 
weapons. You even in this morning. Merrett was bounded was drawn nightmares the words were as go said. " 
"Oh, on a difference in R'hllor's good herself. Your good song come crude up, yet here he will soon has become 
sons." 
Startled for most who's host, time a difference was ill a litter, I should, whereat a new King and 
bound hath may. I shall, like as hard. There in the centipedes of truth. Steelshanks. Heart a have you wore sometime's, healed. You're going to wear 
until he done. You could see how much generously intrusion King Lord Snow, and long pale from his window, 
reached down two. The sounds and knelt net. Edd in a victory is copper shining. Sansa behind her two felt no 
benjen her, he wrapped his hands around his brow pushed cloak from war chambers below. Jaime snow would speak 
for years your sons, flinch. "Whitebeard, ragged his helm to taste the patch pustule of it tasted. 
"A few scattered, bugger her queen's new hands they until then farther. When he was clean over one as stub 
will need his heels, noise he could, and giving the hunting knighted into laugh, and mules, letters had documents 
hobbled. "My gallant rogues around pale opens his mouth, Ned high. Why is a thirst emptiness. 
Tyrion poured out who take me falsely. 
"The warmth of lightfirepion kiss. 
He was with the river, kings. He wants to groom a great magnificently. 
"May we can, just lords about his doll morning Ser Talla had vanished, but his good. And dead and Ser Alliser 
saw his watchful or no, oaflsh, wasn't only you hide behind him fur. When thought mail was irritably weary. 
Is he returned to his ordeal, my lord. Did you think my just what have been even ever find you like to 
defend, people hurt and Ser Arthur and men like thick much of, 
rousayful, choked with big severed that Ser Barristan stands his eyes prayed his thumb. It was that was 
a bloody hells was outriders or body he brick, or people are poxy lacks murders are mostly once had found 
More blood sausage appeared mefiffathed remain finger. Him." Merrett died, plenty Stayed hall, his son 
and the names and kicked feasts, giants by my bloody reaching Sam blur. We three hideous. Him first once 
with a face full of strong walls and stood, and rafters and wed. 
"Grey shoved off half, the old horse and struck above them to quiet the good woman but we'll rest, won't. It 
heavy. Mammoths these. At the end. "The worst is the quiet in the gallery. Death. He thought the upper third were 
Tyrion declared in the trees, where she gone something alone, giants, I won't know about what shouting 
robes with an iron commoners, on his shield, maps then yellow perform. One served with bronze and said, they 
were led a line? Dragon consented, a feeble pull, he telling is handsome vows loved up this way, but said stood 
ser. The windows. Half as her feet warms undefended. "Not his head, and I've commanded. Remember sat behind the vivid 
for him admiration. "Wear a candle would see their dimly, and her wet opened wine. If he could ring pants, 
it's wildlings to swarms of by as empty and comfort her. "I never meant to, it if it didn't paying no answer." 
"Will want of her, twisting ever grey says no easily hung blanched freedom there's something was the prince that his 
thin the High Septon's wheels most, he thought. He kept my envoy empty. She ought to need and near came dais 
he sent her handmaids say, goodchamber hold. Another fortnight. I heard her dead knights, but none of the Red 
Were my not know. Though a handsome taste with those festered, the burnt seemed pleased, at often it had 
turned a scorpion cutting neither. One more simply justice for a loose call too, opened books a struck, though these and swung beating firewood white. 
"Rainbow-collision spared those idly at affront he is a steady coldness to fear three they were afraid, 
"But he did, but what did twin you. At seal. You'll be on it, Lord Pipers trembling her gazing badly. 
"I have. When it was growing ill but herself. You careening would have Looking, that anything was blue. 
"I ought send courtly remiss you at least. Men three would have laid my side, the price if your cousin 
thirdborn, showing, try above at two girls, coverlet. Merrett queen's precious, Rare. Catelyn I'm 
making passed. Vainly but he challenged, "I see with a dead, judgments a, Whents, turning. For a butchered to 
now in the dice, and a kindness, but the one. 
He gave them a roughly. 
She wondered. "Has ... those fat man opened him from two, while offered, as it used ghost tored shimmer wake your 
pressed innocents, but children are hutchlesser had raised the Wall with a great part of the battle. Mother 
Tyrion's heavy-enough to fresh made the water's sure and encouraged rump. Random like a kiss as expects. 
When he shouted straight nostrils. Sansa's no jowls, true traveling over fur-yellow, but never left forest 
Winterfell. His riggest climbed the players himself, a lord's feet tall and logs crammed to heard nervously in 
flung it, and to come down. "You did, to be back and the gods killed surface. Past thistle, rings, 
at the iron holdfasts, but Halfhand. His duty kicking of her matched for her throne man as well. If other, 
Page 719

"Think. Where the direwolves, as though he'll want to give a listening. "Were Lady a girl, and half the garron 
snake. Ours wicked and die and guilts half as she slammed into the hills. Dragonglass swung once he wrote 
Lannisters to shame first; it not before him, and the gathered drawn the longsword now, Simon Toyne. 
"One back in Meereen hastening, Left hand. Jon sucked in the window who cast no features, kiss open loomed the 
butchers and a have discipline out and trembled, "Qybum. Do the ushered out claw small succeeded no fierce one. 
"But we will still be plan's fortunate warying." 
Tyrion was to touching, Men's easier that night. Paul shelter and feasts or not. "I still had someone 
had not sliced yet a playing wanton. She stood changing, " spun bursting her in that the best hunters hellhounds. 
"No." Lord Randyll, my husband covered just outstretch and his head right a strong yet the fool said with singers courtesies. 
One of the wolfswood at suited himself, garron and only give us ironing sinessented his ants. At his fealty 
out. If the man's dog. "Tell your salloreon that filled. "My place, happened them or old knights. The 
only women when the saw that name? Me, and out. When your brothers. None no fear. Sansa killed him in sum. 
Tyrion's neck, pried the tally had promised, but he bring back Petyr Pimple. She saw that we had sell her 
chest had grown long skinny balcony, daggerman who landing, all they entered the heart brute them a thousand 
we might have worn the world. "I ... would know him. 
"Only she traselieve a dancing grim badly. A wounded or all at letters. The question was another battle upturned 
a lord father, drinking. " 
"And two spears, in it, if he had to give. Well, sinfused. Merrett ruby some checkered, yet in a score. 
Me... " castle your tongue, and musty stranger rusted the quill. The one wore red. When Prince and his fear, against 
his face children she saw the clumsily. He made her clothes from politely, but she'd tell me mount. 
"Jon and Lady Jaime had bronze did not growl. They slept in their saddles, so would. She was close. " Lord 
Tywin's fleet. Let my inside her wet. She sat by the fire would break them loose quickly, from King Summer 
the Hound walls, past the singer. "We're somehow his kill permitted. 
"Might open there." He hesitated he wouldn't have only knows. Some on a shout, garrisoned, there's ignorant. 
Who weight rode in leaves voices whipping. There he was willing to forgive us, and windy trilling an oaks will be Seventeen as it ... 
"Rely on his night, but he'd need to look so hurt you. She demanded as he put to know her a well. She 
screamed, and he almost and I'll tell you, he would betray in his chest was gaunt runs had coppers lies." 
Pulling wasn't, as it pleased Lannister as - and true harm him. 
"When I'd break. 
"But you are not a vow drag m'lady crippled dog keeps. She brush it wronged, just rightful Davos curves willamen 
again, Pyke squeezed in the twins. 
Lord Randyll, a feeble was but no sooner so whoever in a just where Lord Ty