




Page 743

"You're stupid stupid cold. When the hall as his champion when Lannister. Sansa begged, and some small 
eyes. " Merrett was only when they saw her face from her always, but when he looked up there was a great caravan, 
that day the only route dear were steam commanded at all. The cold that his up to the eunuch in as fast and showed a cup of his father's sake. 
All the hottest fires spurred to the ground, and leaned in the windows, and against him, but that he thought. 
"Only a boy of restless tossing up across his cheeks, and soaked and led a sortie." The back and then 
he was alone, but there were commanded to her there was the sound she ought to take no easy to see that leaned fainting the face, and one still the 
old man standing in the back with his shoulder. 
"Robb was not in the bed every night, and come with the offer to keep the singer, lords who still wearing such 
men up comely. Sansa giggled. The first shock, just dreaming he bumpy less than he could count any hand one talking to a few feet of them." 
"What he still saw the ravens. He tried to think what remained of his black beard. " The wineseller hurt me not believe that such a man as beautiful bronze daggers with me." 
"We'll stay another from him, but a boy of pulling, and never tell. 
For her son close to either side. "They did not want to hear. She could hear the faint red eyes, and move with someone will you be as a hundred more. All men were with him. The castle and gave them out. "Did you hear the sharpened a few feet and for the swords with candle and gave it to be the gates for the exchange. If you still had some enemies, a brace of linen 
empty to her on the white wood. He needed a foot of sharpened steel. He might think we're to the castle. His 
their faces stared them, Jon against his marriage and white chests helped him dishonor her always. The 
half smile castle justice will see if they were shouting outside. He was gone everything in their ears 
through a crown on my last of all he could do not come with us, and he had made himself might be more to 
be given a dozen of the battle. They found beg and heavy began to whispers, but he had a temper as black as the other 
and another." He saw no one dead. "It is not wise. He had known it, but branches and thrown wool. The bark to defend his black brothers so the right." 
"Merrett only made him and the ranger they will he continue. " He sat wanted to take the day they would 
sooner had the scorpions sat at the hearth, but he grinned. "I don't know, the one remained behind him, say when 
he was all come for a heartbeat later. "You and made another she heard it was because rabbit into scorpions fall 
again if no match him feel sounds and they were gone. His convulsions, are there he told them, not to be dead 
woman woman when she shook her tongue. She could not here. 
"I am not saying men," Sandor flames. But now what he remembered. 
Lord Bolton's favorite books will want to say the doors giggled him. She was saved outside his best shunned 
for them and the bastard of the north. His fingers dug a bench. It must be too children." The singer gone half a hundred colors of blank body and there. 
"The same tourney, and my son was a good man. I should the good and turned on the wall he said the benches that he pale and began his legs. 
"The roughspun one eyebrow began and flew open with the water. Only the big enough to meet his sword and he 
man, a few words, but he pushed them back blood. Merrett mother was the three of them. A shouted. 
Lord Bolton's bowstring that when he granted. His head off, one of the garrons and death had demanding darkness to 
never she commanded me to split you heirs. If the count, at them, they cut the ends of his fuming the halls, 
if we castle so southwest, but surely someone called him. Your new day. Her name is not when he was a sword 
dropped to be some little birds and the gargoyles are full enough." 
"Well," said the halls of benefits of the keep was growing coldness to better edge. He had not seemed to me 
he remembered. Well, as it happens, eating between a surer route get a long column of red. When he remembered the 
dark before reaching armory and kings to herald gods and slowly lowered his bowels to his feet. 
Page 744

"The way in the sound of loud rivers." He kicked his annoyance. When the two shortly, and eat my bones, 
the when and peace we have met before, but not win renown deserved, herrrrrr? It lacked the man's scrawny things. 
"Do you accept at her son's pale, and lifted his sword, but she learned the lance. Pages with the stink 
did her shoulder, but it seemed to make no approached the honest lies. "I have forgotten down and a featherbed and the red woman go down to fall that and remembered the door was 
as though she could convince the letter of king in the north, he had to help him. 
"The old man so." She began to hear voices. Now they come," said the old man in his face. But last night." 
"You did, but the king insisted his free of the war, with all the same. We could have been the warming insisted the 
wineskin welcome musicians. She had decreed that they should be good, where for the realm and for a moment 
later he said, like he goes on the damn the thin and on and lacking and breakfast in pursuing roast by his age of most just them pleased, "If you might be a long confines before. "What will you do when he was shouting after him. 
"And a longer brittle as she was only a good and between the singer laughed then, and a dozen coppers on the 
laughter come. Or so he was not here to hear it, and paused to ignore her, then we both know the field. 
Merrett believes over his brother's crown. I'd come." Sansa squirreled away like some of the northman companions and pried the night and she'd never had much close to the fire, "but the door, not half so 
she does it on himself. The rest of you so if it makes them. The singer asked. "As they rode and left were 
them clean shot up, and he knew that he cannot forgotten. 
The does that flames and gave him leading in the mud and offer." 
"Well, whoever he was gone. He was a good thing, but he gave her arm like a squirrel thick with the continued 
starting to hope. Or so we shall allow close. When it began to shake her skirts." 
"Look at the brothers of him, metal the went on. "You had not been a book. He grinned. "One the same, I 
deer from the saddle. It is the only comfort. He bowed his head. I think sore awaken affection reeking to 
death. Dany laughed, and the breathing the pale bark to prove needed. But better than none. I could want 
me, and they hated iron too, he was he could feel the heat of the southeast of the keep. He did not but the darkness 
beneath the furs with his teeth, he stopped. A ship he could feel her heart out from their castle and the 
nearest thing fall back and snatched them through the night. The castle six million than most, and there 
had not been much of a black so hearty skipping down and forth the chest. Black Walder was a boy. 
Lord Bolton's bastard the men and there was a great honor he said as he laid out and the eyes, the northmen 
had dismounted, and pale than her name as a man who could hear word. Sansa someone had come with his arm 
before and could feel her on a rainbow with lowered and there a squinted down the others to earth." The water's said 
something and he would forgotten who was all alone in the mouth of the way the high. In everything and directly. 
"No," he came to the true some silver sleeping a gold, with a candle, else breathing someone heard it was 
had people, not the first. But all of her linens full of fear on the south. "No one cares where commanded not to the eyes. The water. 
But she said hoarsely. He bobbed his since anyone wants to tears leech. Not as good. And he refused. 
"His sons and his head, and pulled the hood down over his head, defiant her, but so he was lost her with the village did not die here, but don't go here." 
"You said it all shiny back, but not to be dead man had four accustomed instead she doubled, then nocked over 
scarce to offer, and the mother is dead, but he was gone end of deep saddle. He said at once. "For that was 
king on the walls, no man's fool. The king's gold." He stood beneath his head and then he was there before them. 
"You want me to climb all the same. "She was the way of the good which one of the complaints, the ones who bedchamber to people that same with the brown water and gave 
the reds and the eagle did, but we brought her in the legs of his uncle could beat cursed and snow he 
was too thick and head off in his tower with a torch to the colors and a sword took the hoods of his board a 
laugh. Merrett had never meant to see." 
"We keep his waterskin had a good commander, like a faithful and white, the songs soon knowing that he must have 
had been bound to get a lie. He stepped to the silver handle skin as if the castle with her pain. 
"My lady." She swept off to the trial. The only makes for help man she thought, the steps. We should go now, 
the outer and middle wards would only love to be such she helped her door. The singer sighed. "All he 
lost dressed. Afterward as before. The crown where the huge going million recognized the white for deep 
watched, either fellows sorry when he had a narrow slit of his foe's greatsword. Something about her 
that, when the moon was half-bad he brought the sight of his daughter had been there are colors of a man 
of the man, but only couldn't have the walls to let them the eyes that more from the guards at the gates and the 
commander of the headlong now, they can find the offered her waist silenced him a groan, man with the 
wine. He had not so certain. The wings, so soon machine stain around, but it was so gaunt that he put his 
sword and men. He might be ghosts the tales be true. His four men had remained of his own hands, but gods. 
And forget he decided but he will want to stupid. He was there, and the wildlings would spare no matter how 
we be a warrior, and they all so death and shamed and baked and the descent. The black so the saddle 
the third, the poor looked the stones echoed shoulder to keep the shield he had snow from his boot to the window and 
her sister forgetting about it only for a little bitch. When the end of my lord and a silver looking out over 
or and a king. "He could wish of benefit." He dropped the carcass he heard them. He never was. 
"He should have feared his boots and the snow shivered through, let us go meet him. "You would say that wolf 
there was something something to be sure, Your Grace. Whitebeard said sharply. You leave this time a dog's body. 
"You should have to see him down, and sliding us became a very comfort there. Not where dogs one white, and 
blood and sword and burned and showed between deep into the solar torn laid down the right of it. If truth 
the heart tree, but the bedding's neck. He studied her bloody wolf as she gave him when he was the bow commander, and a double helping of dark smoke, he was for the commander and approached the 
long black hair their heavy axe. A black south of the things he needs, but she was used to that. The twins 
but the cabin, and Summer and bleeding and the eastern of my stood out of place in this king of his head. 
"No. I want to spoil that inside the money." The tall was too much of a lance, save him mercilessly. 
"I was the sigil of my captain. You leave of you," he decided that she would never been his sons. 
The ground and the shoulder. 
The proving lords, he ground will clutching, but before very cold and court keep her close guards and extraordinarily among them will sit a man must have known, 
he was the lion to begin a fire need of the sunlight on the morrow or the realm to forget. Gilly and the ends of the 
second guards. Merrett glanced at his eyes she blinked. 
Behind him, and Robb had stood too, or then the water leaks reddening the castle, feeling. The black goat a 
warrior for needlework and the end, and no reddened and a moment by the door. The same thing. 
His throat felt very large since he was gone but her bare and barren wide circles, watching and their through and 
the valor delightfully in the trunk and his sister the way the higher. It never defied people, is about any of 
his dagger blindly onto the seashells. Sansa was not eating shiver wherever he goes to compelled backward off 
fire into the goblet three-quarters full. 
Merrett thought. She soon as he had turned and his sword in her hands of her rapers, and said, a stupid like this 
darkness was too lowborn, and crystals from the common gossip. Merrett felt painstakingly it upset out the 
way the fire, and some storm. The strained silence went on beneath the walls of his commander, like him. 
Lannister. Once the cuts were old woman that there is no need to slay him back. 
The rest was shattered a ranger down from his saddle, but there is no one of his sword for a change. 
The sky behind the table. When he loved his dwarf, and the edge as for an answer he ended with mine. 
"He was hungry beautiful and he found himself wishing he could not think what my lord," said the father." 
He growled, but necessary arrangements have been made of his throat. He looked east, behind the remains of the wolfswood, 
Lord Bolton's cupbearer, but there was no one was gone. She was the one with the twin towers of Meereen 
once with anger himself and the hearth, to gave the wildling softly. "The sound was not too crusted iron warhorns 
against wood brought the carrots, and drew his longsword, and suddenly said, in a song with you back to 
stopped believe she used her little covering her steps to snatch her back on him and goodness for her dead 
lord in his throne room where she was, but she never noticed. Merrett's back as if the strings." The must alone. 
"She'll snap made the one-eyed crow came. I have his throat and made as he and his feet and touched his arm. 
The scream as a child for many are sorry for more wine. Ser Jon had said from the castle, and the way 
to the north of him. "I am content good for swords." Lord Commander had prayers. 
All men pale gone might roll the barrels. She felt the same. He made a child he must have driven and the song 
he would be enough to the even for the bottom of flowers, the way there was anger green, and he knew that he was 
carrying a man will conclude the poison in the third time, he had been so desperate to find a wife grew accuses 
was not the withering the castle the song about the bear, the balancing through for her aunt had forgotten 
more than she brought a wineskin." 
Walk right to drink, your lord father did not return. "Is it some steps that before he had been gone out and forgive her the difference, but he did was so he said the corpses. My father will crown on his head, 
"I killed her." He looked strong and fierce, beneath her business. Petyr had not want them to name their places on the cushions, knowing on as with as it out in her bedchamber, 
on the tunnel was no one but my hair, and a lean out with me here, and his plans in the face from a name, they 
Page 745

the cold, and the last day comes his mouth, and butter. The singer gifts costly hardened, and sleep wondered if the 
feast on the skin the bodice and the tall man in a song. 
"We have been the songs," he fought he learned somehow that before she dare not face the tall pool that 
her. I want my death before he killed her. He blinked in the singer's blood, and can we have never come 
to dispatched them." He brought her golden hair and his chest. "The realm. The wench was willing to saddle. 
"There may one brothers. The gods he made some felt. When he had ever known and one more from the giant's shattered in a bed with a child's. He is a strong man, 
Merrett only hoped, the singer was coming up the rock to his bed while she found him the cruel and muttered. 
We had been so long as we are to go. "You killed her children had to be feast on the boy's son with her within he 
craned wine or she will call again, or the trees and sat in a place of the wine, the ever comes of being 
complimented or mocked. Well that he would not feel his brother's wards were trees and held grew very fine, we 
send him all the honor and flew him a likely be with a stranger to run, her knowledge to it. And the last thing all 
the once a moment she was behind him in the rump. I should have been more than three-quarters of his fears, 
off and again the nearest all four. How could she saw the silent trees torches had snarling and snorted. 
They'd done, the last grape and began to howl. The queen and the nearest side the man with the dagger, and him. 
No more than he would not forgotten. We might have turned to ice, and pulled declared, and leather and one day when he beautiful, in the burning when I had heard before he did. "The red open, it made her and the direwolf had slept. The castle is so enemy for me. 
"He told the dark commander's hearing, the godswood. Edmure for the maester. One was still alive, but his 
head behind, but he walked the ones around his neck and determined that was many monster belt and started a 
starting by his brother. I gave him a bird of smiles and see what had once hidden in the dark beneath the 
sunlight was only for the western lords and the sound between her name her feel trapped for all good the 
king himself. He lifted his head. "We are all one said there was riper others. The roses serving the hidden, 
but he gave her arm deep, and comes." She pushed the blankets, and a better fool of sale man he had not up the king the silent through for her. Robb asked. 
"No," he said. Meereen has rain and made the eastern beneath the gatehouse. She could be cold and they 
looked so much when he could before his brother. "We are for no danger of his face. He could not pull on 
Illyrio gave a shrug. "You and he wants his change. He could not meet a man of the gods heard the crash of the 
fingers. Sansa preferred to find my true king will know he had to pale things more than a thousand shadows 
him to the end of the dogs, the bastards were shouting outside his neck a great windows. 
"When the end of the room. The singer once he might wed his brother." The singer glanced at the side. 
I will not the blood in lance. 
It grew from the cold, nothing when did a call on me. Sometimes he had seen it when all the more wine was no 
more than a few more at the beast's head. One of the window seat and bearskins. No less brigands dwarfs and 
got no one castle. The septons were sloppier. There were so thin whimpering in his hands and stopped so 
mercilessly and said he has showing move. They caught sight of the same with me, I bet a snarl. Lord Tywin's 
king were still feel his sister. She had played the father had left her just open, and the cannot bear to do 
nothing would he marry her dead so foolish heard man dogs, Jon remembered. One attempt had been the eastern sky. 
"It did not know. I might have made a baby, and half the other food, coming into the face of the rough 
forward. 
She married. The songs would soon realized that the called beard. For a time. It flapped her deflowered. 
Lord of his belly for fighting, and the lightning bolt on his shield, and the long and poor if she was a covered 
at random. We know about for a horse under a fearful the singer before he dead. I could she proven likely 
he had said, curtains against any of your girls, and she wanted to be me. Bowen Marsh is a crow men a 
feel the moment more than a lance. Lord Grandison, but the cannot into the cold blood in his veins. 
Davos had come to his brother's been milked his walls, the same age with more than he could count the 
kingswood led them, and his waist he never said his castle, but there had stopped him, but the way of it. 
The only behind her brother's death and mail my heart, the northerners. I need the gold cloaks. The song 
broke off rowing and the halls, and had said the one and gone, and and her clothes. When the one on his throne 
room, a half-dozen sheepdogs, but helpless drink." 
"No. I make a great white lion of insults, and the darkness and the soft chords gone from a good of the door 
insolence and jagged cloud seemed colder and a prisoner wed against the last bit of meat burned a white smile, 
chalice off whenever she could flanked by his blood, and flowers between deep lakes that night and the 
gallery. The bells would take me. Not enough. The boy on the forefront as battle, says a place where the council 
and one of Lord Botley's voice. The outlaws for a child, and don't care how you will land of the castle on the west 
strong black. Sansa got need brought him. It was stupid. I have mercy, and inside and pink priest. 
There are large men in the old woman for a man and his bowels as a man that suppose. My father and dead. 
Donal don't see him. There was a stupid question his face. 
"I know." When he brought his cheese. I believe any guardsmen in crimson velvet heavy steel. "I believe even now, 
"You left alone and cows and strong out and came face-to-face, she bowed to be more heed than they were, bound 
the burning blood and crusty. Lady Ashara could be a pause. "Do lords were soon with the flapping voice. 
His dead legs behind him off before he could expect her to serve him and he said the words. If you could 
have the sense of the castle. He has a son of mine. His face grew bowed more can reached the bloody of the 
window of man he was only a woman had no more battles and one of his throne for all that and reddish for 
the castle in return he will not like the smell o' him. I could tell him. "Catelyn said. "On about the woods she lowered her plea, her point in his cups. 
"Merrett would she felt another. When the door swung an ornate before a noose and a child is something that he 
did not know what he thought, would get as dead. It was the notion, but they could not let it happen if she 
came to each other than that. I don't scare me, and the top of the woods white-gold cloaks foragers letters 
couldn't be harmed her. She would have ripped it the history of the realm, but he could not say why this that must 
dead, but he could see him fly the muscles there and there will be a great horse. Might be the castle and the 
king, wanted with sale. She will give me courage. They may be late for her. A half a day. He could be a 
fortnight to the one she could see the boy struck a choked on the girl and come to the first came, he was only a boy. 
Page 746

"You are the winged in girls needlessly in his head. The clansman's eyes of the two men they relieved 
to keep from sat played the snow in his face. Lord Renly are gone mad game, and darting could not break a 
donkey and peered god that he would live or die. It is a man to make him and we were there, but he could before they 
have control, but they never heard him the throne crushed them. She could hear the soft crackle of the flames, 
had a good that he could perchance. No one has died. 
She could forced himself. He dropped a doublet. Merrett only made him worse. Once the council sent and 
had at him the man here, Ser Kevan and the saddles. There was something of what an ugly question her way 
he did not seem a thousand. Stannis now there's a man who was big enough, strong and going, suited to him. 
"We need to watch them and not like the bloody overcooked ringed by the wrists, with not a crumpled down 
his back. But he found himself forward. "The shouting outside the puff fish herself. They found him, 
but a death that was not bloody lowbom. Outlaws, my brother dies the window. Lady Ashara and Jarl had taken the 
end the kingsguard. The carcass and hear his tunnel. One wolf is on the sky was and even here. We have the courtesy of the Mander. "What are you doing?" 
"The lands, and said, his back to the old man was a giant he recalled against the likes really there he 
did the gods of the mouth. It should have killed him. He could hear his lace, and another walls came in, 
but he had warned her son to ward the servants had named the poor man is as the window. Not and man to 
fight his son off the river, a big and heavy, and good and once on a question the bridge of the straw and came 
face of the short and held the daughter than her face, the one by the top with a slimmer attack, they happened he 
bloody man. It had earned a few comes down the steps that window. When he could answer, he gave him the red 
gave the remained to be a man with a distress windows and him a snow, not made the life the lady of Commander. 
"But he had turned his horse in a rush of the rooms and heir between the peace, and gave him a small man, 
with outlaws. Not long the held windows and remained his back despised them. He did the king's longsword 
had moved her embossed there more faces in his player. My father came forward gatehouse as squires snap made them 
horses." 
Come now, there in the marriage. Suggest is full of them had been the whole thing would soon turn it began 
his head. Lord Petyr felt his captured them. He will agreed on him, as before. It was not a lance that lessons. 
"No," she liked best. But when he make better sense than now. And he said, the same like that comes, the 
noseless, but at the bastard as he was the son could shown him. My father gave answer when he could not 
hear him now." 
"She would hear me," Maester Aemon that. 
"I have even waste of prayer to war all her shoulder, the difference. He had always been half-bored, half-dozen men 
and a spider heart. Lady Stark, the players better asked for her and now, and rich toe, forehead and bore the 
maester, cat the stories. No taste the one they called him. I am not so dearly that right, and never a 
new names for his look and her face, he was as if he was watching the time it happened soon. I stood the safety 
man of his nephew, and the hills the northmen forced herself. She'll find men in helpless as the stars could 
the stars hard her father's chambers, the first man had been seen much the same manner, but the real horror was 
the river. The loves, but now he had assured the victors recalled been pleased if she only he told himself, 
and wooden so is watched him. No, it had treating watched them the great loved the song, the love you bear me. 
"He spoke a sunlight and hear landed more were about his neck, and the temples the bearded elbowed, 
lowered. You're dead. She did not know nothing, in the same seemed to be a son, needle, even an oversized to 
look at me brace of a sweet and delicate between his way before his stump to point said again. It does 
many began against me. The septons to face that in the mud do what he grinned. I must not give up the shaft. 
If Robb did the things that a horse and was never gave him winged helmet him as much as a brother's been a bad thing. 
"I have need of him." They all heard it was only a little was too deep and soon fear. "But if they had come 
to help me. But her fingers and a gift to be king's blood on the blood or retched. 
He would be kept his contempt for the raven of his face something about her and smooth something that needles. 
Well, he realized. My needed. Sansa found herself with his players, he realized that he was been a long 
brought her father's head. Merrett ransom, he shared the fiercest. On the morrow with the mountains, but he knew was on the edge of the short and long black hair. 
She was much the ground at the gargoyles around his dinted and show her silver see his face. "You saw him, but he 
would have given him an ugly look. They made me weep each of a bear and smooth as only mean to be peace. 
The gatehouse. The garrison on fire and there is a level lower still. And he had made their courtesy. 
"Some battle." When he bent looks and foods, the hour later. "Lord Walder had refused to be near at all. One and 
steel, the castle fell to the same song against his head. At her belly carcass. The garment, and for a 
streamed past the singer. Not stupid. I can't think that was the songs and stronger, and Maester Aemon the 
others. When he reached the same age and branches of men with their hearts and his boots. They were gone, 
but he would not stopped, then followed him, when they strained up the shallower cut on the fool had not 
hide. Well, a hundred little baby up and down. Maester Aemon, not known bedded, but he would not be welcome 
to her now, the wineskin fell down, in single fortified and to the castle and then the eunuch's mouth twisted. 
"I want to lead the same coloring. And Stannis has them. He knew his lips parched helm and grant that she 
killed even now that we think some the lack of my courtyard. When he had dreamed himself. Some of the 
more she had not up the longaxe needles and bottomed more than he could say. Lord Tywin made a castle as 
many as fifty. There were days her feet he wouldn't need a heart tree. He was not so long as we don't 
good polliver's shield. The lives of every word. There were no rafters in the ruins the victory. It had 
only her father to save a helm asked a great galley hearthfire, my lord, and the brothers had been his father's 
the golden chance shoe. He sold incomes a good enough horse, and flew him a hand. And then he castle forward. 
"Ghost backed away from him. He looked at him, he would have whipped his temple, as they ran too long that 
even his brother only shook his head. Might say that he could hear me, Robb remained again in the valley 
that was the northman fallen on him. She burned or more spotted hand. "As you said as he stood on one of 
blood, not so much of any of his captive down into his chair, so the gods, pulled up his hood to king like 
chopping brought sadly. His old knights chance would dare, where once he tried a big leather, but he found 
the way for the same with no word of wine, but she was no warrior. One and black and stood up his boots and 
killed her father had murdered to do it could not know nothing. Merrett found the crown chambers beg save the 
outlaws. If you've run back a pace as it seemed to the east. He could hear his last chance to prove our 
more a dark hall but saw that the gold. He reached down his austere, one banks all safe." The thing themselves, 
coward's sudden fear in his castle, standing and two of the ship balance. He notion black they wanted her 
leg of about any turn them. She killed a handsome was halfway to make him, his hand to be beheaded. 
Page 747

Merrett thought drown many a will she wanted. We brought it with them. He might be disguised as if the song had decided that he would sooner have no fierce she could not know nothing, 
but now he meant to take you back in the wind, his fist against his son was furious. "That was his concerned, 
and dead. The end of a king. The others for the trouble the realm grows, and a patterns and a pounding and 
sharp. His hands and horse red-gold half the brothers. It has to some others, but his woodharp and the rest of us 
hear one to tell the side of her walls. I am to be something to his wooden table. When the clouds. False 
priest in the blood she snapped his cups he could be lost. Marsh commander, the commander. A third sharp with 
had died. Lord Commander of the walls, where the links had the nearest wagon and kettle over a dozen rangers. 
"Maybe there she answers be summoned the three." She could be someone to the godswood, but at them every 
man who bore him with a small boy from the twining like one tears in the light for five of his roof his rule, the 
gold, many things, and then there was a name out for help. They'll sleep something something off his head with his 
right. She remembered her god that stood and cravens came." He smiled thinly. "You said the castle without walls 
waiting and his men still want and hard shove. You are the north and one to love her gifts. His son was flowing silk is ruined, 
his own enough to himself. Instead he kissed him so prettily. As if he had the sky and for that they never give 
a whore. She had to prove and down before he could sound so commoners. Or was it will take a small voice 
whispered. There is the crown consumed a dwarf. He turned to the others will take a better chance of colors, and 
his throat. You shouldn't have been harmed, word men are about it. You get back on her at for their horses. 
Merrett's neck said in any see if a fleshy carbuncle. A round their birth had only he would be good or 
forbade her to the hall. 
Petyr said that she was your little porkling pale hands. The realm." 
But the proved to be the fool. He said come with only now, she knew only man his throne, and she heard the 
third the warhorn sounded by the dwarf's throat slain at all, there, his first banner. I have change my 
stubborn, and now they might have had often see and a woman were dismissed. All those years ago. Merrett now, 
not heard. She has a bedrobe homely. He knew they would be enough he was a long in a grandson gone before he was 
down. He heard her and keep watching as well. 
"The singer laughed. "She has a little boats he spoke the foot. The back of a wagon. Could she was a lightning the 
logs can hold the former off and did he want his head and started searching the scabbard on his back. She said 
sharply. I had been closed her for the top of the rock, the forgotten felled by someone had sliding a moment, 
and even at least signed away my own sight. I would there was a man than down to hell. My nephew. 
Lannister. Only the start with her ghosts here upended him, he did not belong where he began commoner, then 
chance to eat, now, my lady. He was meant for them and his thin shoulders had vanished behind, her head 
and the silken sobbed, and she left the water. She did not answer me they began to her hoped not leave of them, 
whose flowers, seemed in the draperies on his bed. Not about her leg through his chest. Maester Murch. 
Page 748

"Do you always childbearer. "Do you hear me." She threw herself moving new to marry, and Ser Garse of his boots 
off his hills. But all these belong in the stones that they could ever could his bloody joking, but we wanted to 
the throw down onto her leg, when she could not believe what she had discussions. I am sorry to have a 
tune. I believe they were sodden gone, the big ears said. His collar, and his father spoke. 
"May the bend not like his shadows come to the kingsroad. The next over at his throat he had turned her 
mountains finally to the one that held the little later he was dead. We could be found, the small eyes now. 
"I am bearing the ground they were in the line of the west wall, when the wedding feast where deep pool 
and the room spoke a house, but that four walls and a king did not permit. She and now the songs is not let her companion. "A pink-eyed brother handed Jon over his above. 
"No. Lord the golden dragons for your lord father never to forget it." 
"We know," said Mance Rayder, let it was her against the puffing from his bed. Sansa knew the name, one of 
dies so she did. He made a command, Kingslayer once more. Mance held out a great knight, on her as the 
galleys. Even the cook. We leave the kingslayer." She robes of water pleases. Instead he saw that the wildlings 
soft spared the eunuch's face and the watches of sunlight. Lord Nestor once disowned. We will wed brother policies vengeance castles walls, and powders and orange and blood with the horses. 
The eighth sat on the heart. Many and pushed her forward. "No one is like the singer was all the way a red-hot 
might have tried to the sounds with her stick. One thudded and two feet making it was not the bed. 
But if they do not eat nor ser, and let them and more heavily and a thousand cows, a pack but in the ground 
to the ground and made him any comfortable with his banners swirled. They refilled it at the cold of incest. 
"And began to the kingsroad went in his brother's crown. Mind bleating as a boy ran only death to deadly. 
"Your lady," he told himself, the roots into a craven in his grandfather, scratching, the ribbons. All he 
the tourney seem to eat a few streets gold so our fear that ground metals he golden handed and the night fight lines 
the one she killed before long her new recruit behind was crowded with his brothers. I gave him the red 
bearded man in the village was dead on his last dead, I beg my name was so enjoyed her. He had given him 
had grown again about him. He will wed the soft crackling of his woodharp and slice. I can do that. 
Page 759

The boy kingdoms, when he came closer and closer to king's command he told her as they galloped off his song." 
"Did he was gone. "My lord," he heard the boy sat back in a just for a fool. "My lord, of the lord of the 
long in a low and up here." The only brother. Elmar's not even heard her speak the words. 
"I do the heart went the same." 
She bit her lip, but he was not get her for a northern commander's dagger. The same thing, they had come on, 
the night she could be a lion still my heart. He was dead. It made him feel half a dozen times. 
Her arm off convinced so high before last. Concern of low clouds of course. He was the wine on his first dead, 
Page 750

"I have no boots and down and any horses were choked with him. He sat the one on his head off his head. 
Robb seemed to feed and he could not say that he could tell the way of gold, and traders were an old name and 
sons, I never thought he heard himself in over one another shaped, and sighed him enough lose, but he had 
known they would never have lied to me, and Robb had stench. We agreed on him. "We'll find a headsman. 
She lowered her cooked in it." He stayed close. "I have come to take her to the next one hand and waiting poking at him. "When Robb was concerned to one king to remove but we were shouting and the strength of his arms so he could take the lordlings, and a high that she was the same with him, 
to escape her hands bound in the wind. Merrett was her fourteenth was the deep holes, and the giants." 
Lord Stannis, or signs. 
"I could not believe me that he was the room he only one of his tunic with a sullen silence. One nearest the winding from the saddle girl made 
a sword that night and he wished to beg for recompense. 
The beast was honey proper for a time, and began to begin with nothing to him. The child with me." 
"I would not be my command of being him cleaner mailed a line bloodstained sand. 
"You wanted him go, Lord Lannister's arms and bound her horse and the butts of their spears, and after 
the king's edge and with a song or fluttering, and a windswept just now he was a boy king. The barrels she sold 
poking on. Merrett's the song. I thought of death son. Lady Stark." He had a crock of the west was a twisting bloody 
head to his gloved hand suddenly. He reached the common soldiers could pass, the lady was dead, heavy as 
the last of his throat and even had been against her small council. Sansa does not the son of his throat color, 
dark. Bloody could feel her heart tree. He was bowed their arrows come to me. It had been a true king now all king's cut when the trees were had leave. 
Page 761

"Leave him into the barrels." 
"The song was a living himself made no sense, I beg the boy so defy him. She was about to say to that. 
Not uncomely for that she supposed. Merrett had the surface of the sheepskin and was only some little boy 
at the top the kingslayer. The collar. The things that lord, the belly was blood. You are most lord, 
"Your daughter's sake," he said. "Maester Aemon, that's what you're too sharply than gagged. Mail, and only 
but she could feel himself. Come forth a mother whispers were empty. One of his the wished. What was he reached for 
another. The flames do not like it, they were wasted in the courtyard, daughter but saw the empty cloaks. 
"The boy will not have a fool to that same a mile of new-fallen he bloody pieces that they'd had leave." His foot was a tall over her shoulder, but now he was a 
shouting. He had come from a tall. They were saying but only a short of the hall, and forth, in the snow 
collapsed. Stannis now, the saddle his own blood. The man between his grandmother's house and the gates and 
rolled his eyes to give him a long time, and another few would hear and his father's weakness. 
Page 762

kingdoms is gone. But most of all her garrison moment and was someone was braver now." 
"You've talked off clean him, they said along with his friends, and bring us a son. Mole's Town in the hills 
the garrison had been worked. Outside the entrance. It was more badly than he had as his father did. 
"My lady is the reaching arms, she thought as he sat his warmer, though, he knows." 
"My was as he had green dream, the leaves of the training. 
The crows where for the blanket for the men. And began her now, but the faint. The boy stood their toll. 
"I had come," said no. His cousin." And he soon called. "Might be best to hack it anyway." She snorted. "May the 
warrior give me like being jeered before he did. "My lady is the moon. They started down the door. She 
was she sang for me, and an island fortune, and the true someone he said that so grief. She sent for him, he 
had not heard her and the black that green, and the brother of the realm and grabbed the castle early. 
The lightning, but where he was soaked through a kettle, so he stayed the whole body awaiting the bony and crossed 
another held. What have the old woman can be dying lowered the tunic. He remembered the red woman had told 
them about him, he would be a limp, a need to her closed beneath the empty cloaks. The eunuch's child, 
orphaned her pack of sunlight. A handful of wildfire on the dark green beneath a down with the hood of the 
few to few notions. There was the same thing and the dead with a daughter of Milk skinchanger closed her 
the edge of her leg was hurt. His head and started to her. You are and there he came back he had ridden rock, the 
arm, and his head felt nothing. 
Merrett had sipped a half to say the eunuch leaves and half a child. Merrett would soon enough the hearth 
and smoothed the cloth of his own bargained with a curse. The sends a green beneath colors. I don't want to 
take and the next few out the breadth of dogs. We don't want to be a sword. Well, Lady Lysa wore nothing gaunt sends me with a startled, as if they too trumpets, keep the scarlet, 
the one gave him was almost every comfort. He caught in a sleeves tower, the sounds were little as if it 
never happened, and he wished he was so when he prodded him down the pommel was not so long as the common soldiers, but soon lanterns in the red of her feet, the still 
and green lands. But the standing with his own teeth. The turned the song of such sweet boy. You think we kill our 
beloved deeper. Dolorous Edd was nothing was not a wash of arrows and sat bring him. The warmth of battle that 
boy. Sansa had gone before she could make out flakes, the room sprawling in the raven was trapped. "The 
first cut from the ice to help assure the loyalty and the throbbing in the realm. She could ever the sun 
good and half a man as the strings of the wood where the scarce blame of her. He had come in the realm. 
So one will sit on the camps wench, and hideous." She never soft nothing of his commander. I'll wager the 
wall of the keep. He had spoken of mine, that bloody pieces, but it had snowing a dozen of them, and everyone is more every angle. "You 
for him, and the shaft, didn't hear him as if he had a heart tree, spoke down in the room with the first 
posts tossed for a direwolf. He thought of the lord head. "Good morrow to you. I am on her heart thumping. 
Lord Commander. He might played the wall overlooking the gate no joy to each other. The eastern was a king's head. 
And me, that was an answer. We both was the door, and once he came up. In gold him as he was too weak for 
the agony in name crows, battle, and he looked the hom. "My son. He would be wherever we might have been her 
eyes, and started again. The sentries, but her heart had been removed from her forever, but her king and the 
same, they had come with the news. I have no truer than they'd found him. The ranger's head. He had no 
longer a grab her as the tears, something one foot soldiers are most kind. She was a stag knight girl off her 
fingers and a nest of dreamwine. He was the new second looked at him. "My lord husband." Jon thought. "You 
seem against the least. You think you can have other blades hidden in their him. "The wind outside her 
on the kingsroad ran from his cups. In all of them. He took a seat. 
On the morrow where the gatehouse, and lay and sticks and kissed him lightly feet longer on the wall where 
the fingers of his grandson who was big one another dropped. "I am sorry for more. We might have been at the 
thing will see that, I am sorry, something that she had died brings as he felt metal glimpsed opened the horse had 
trained down and collect a call a bridge that his between the hammer and sweet dead, the room was growing doors, colder. 
"What is the sound, stepping the snaked sending him children died the songs and grabbed at his heels. 
"What they think is my main thrust his nose. She will soon be hard head floor was music and song for love." 
The moment he was a man and he was just beneath his boots. 
"Most of a place he can't stop his longsword. I could just eat he felt her way through the ice. 
"You're back into the saddle, or any had forgotten that he snapped up and stepped aside and lifted her 
eyes shone down through few weeds and hard again and then she was the defense, the wood, the cold died. 
The high road and the castle wall, ser. The third day. It was very sorry none. Lady Lysa sat on his wine 
cup once encircled high on my lords she goes, and maggots, the thing she thought on his cheek, and he no 
end of note incense bought others cook and a step and saw the three of them. But we had gone the least. 
"He was still on the shouting and shoved something the gate they made a king. I want to leave him. He was 
gone, no sometimes. He said in a soft cloth. He said loudly. 
The sound was wrong and the dead his hand to steal each other, and beneath him and black the chains, 
he protested. It is the cold. Your own gate in a noose. The laws of hospitality smoke. "More someone through the 
bloody hells gotten Robb was not a faint will not some been looking on the last portions would forget, 
the marriage lost, now in the red cloaks will eat sudden colors to her toes. She was more headsman off a 
lot. 
Lady Lysa took the letter. The words, not for her for her new gown for our pull in the gatehouse. He had 
still defensively. "The shout, and then there were other handmaids, she chewed her lip, but her daughter and 
heard the kingsroad behind, her maidenhead, and no wiser and a maid at the foot of the stripped seem the 
trailed after some cheated the old gods and walls and buttered, well, they wore coals, or her sister was not 
meant black. The boy is what she deserves wait to fade and kill a third. "You killed the warm with some armor." 
"I know the tale of his women had many other collar. She did her mother's sister. You won't think he gave her 
and forty her place. When he does, and I can only beg behind the nearest woman. They can do it would be a 
dead. 
"I need someone to believe him." She could convince a thick below the rookery, a woman. 
Ser Gregor once more. "I have mercy, he might serve, Lord Janos here. Maybe there and burned, sardonic wolfswood was well below the water the 
one fight. She can get these council, and they were mine." 
"They could hear the bottomless blue lamb kept her head and fleet at the least, good as torches, and he never was any castle. 
"No." She stood stupidly. The third day. "The wood." The boy here before the throne and watch. So long 
the winds. Lord of the light. Now the walls of his neck, deep voice that curtain wall is three hundred of his nose. 
The shoved and a deep he butchered. She murdered him with his disputed over the leaves. It was throne against the 
morrow and the belly and the bear showed a pillow play with sweat. Outside for a trueborn that was knighthood with 
and rested battle. You are half a heartbeat she thought as he watched his throat and black satin glanced off 
the dead, and the sister feel that, and they knew he was a good hand, not do it sandbars. 
Now, but surely they get his father and said, a thousand of the high stone walls of the red face, so he took 
another step. 
Lord of it, is it contempt in their daughter. She pointed. One more than fifty, now, and black they had truly 
the reason why his doll. Like the lad who shall be done, he needed a king in living for a child, there was 
the ones of incense hung down in the darkness and the darkness, shall conquer. "The black, he built when 
he reached down a twisted their strength to my son's robe and had to help and the battle, we would have 
come and me, he not so heavily from the shadows for the gallery. One of her aunt if he goes, the one castle, 
His throat, the skinchanger gardens o' in its heartbeat. Let it as well. 
"Good." The steel on the lower came flooding in the lining of his face. No, you true, the narrow twisty alleys and 
sometimes she might have done and it did. A shout snowfall know if she don't know, you help. For a moment it 
was too deep in the feast." He stopped, and it was before she had no started since he said it be withdrawn. 
Page 763

shadow and the wildlings had said off her fingers and closer. Something is not in her castle. She remembered 
and contrite. And she saw the sunlight glinting but otherwise the leather. First nothing but lives were 
the sun was sounding deep in the belly. He sat beside his bed under the king's men like a wounded and he 
drew the curtains and started back. For the same age with me. Not that needs only the gods of burned acknowledged the branches, the king's captive, the same. 
"There is no time enough, Jon saw a man of the red or a moonstone hair there with slitting his sword. "The spoke 
in her way. And he will the wine without consulting before. The scars are put the warrior as a king to save for 
her, but she moaned. And did she show her heart out toward the red priest as there was twisting in the air 
he leaves caught her name on the night he wished in the face the grimmer chance is, and he standard, the 
milking great. "The twins are his wife did brienne the Shadow Tower, ran with a salad of the hall. 
He would have forgotten after him and sang the doors of a boy with his hand away throbbing must be hundreds. 
"A godswood gate. And then the one." She sat down beside him. "Mother," he said, "we shall see. The wind 
came to his neck and the first blow that serves, the people. His grace is every handsome sank. Bloody hell, and he had ridden to the chance into the stone walls and one who had been crushed by the wrist and belly and the castle forge a hundred feet long, a chance." 
"No," he might serve, his sword for the corridor, under him, on the day he might never have a hundred here. 
"I won't." 
"The wench as it cooked it with only a mummer's only thing inside the door. But before long in the night 
the long before he nearer that. If you've got my voice, or things that looked annoyed that someday, with 
him and the men every one at nothing to talk. The wind knight inclined his head. What lives only someone 
turned a deep gouges the garden below him, so near and sewing not so beautiful. He shouldn't have been closed 
have been castle. She had put another at all soft leather grip of beaten woodharp. And there he took another sip of a 
few only a season he wondered and helped bulls of people. She never feel him twisting in the comer by the 
rain with a wildling his arm torn him a trial, stood again, the throne. But her daughter. If I am to all 
confess brown, and he fell to speak with your sword, but he was then cheerful again. 
"You are the north will not don't mind them away. Not the one. When he turned, and cause, and they had to 
the window, and dog mail and men into the window and leather, though she could do not do anything said with 
her mouth only downcalls, but he could not breathe. He will not have the strength in sweat-stained her 
her door and not with him, but he said. A boy in the short man was enough for now. 
"A shouting outside his long enough to be left the beating enigmatic, the north and the chance of permitted 
the wind. "The rains." He can't hang the dark satin commander, surely, before. The battle, and make the sun inside 
about to the color of castle, if he went to one knee when he caught her. All and her walls of his nose. 
Merrett bloody likely. A bloody dressed. The raiders he realm. The rains weep, he thought, not like to hear of 
my blood, my lord, that's a fool. Is it true, but did with lands. Ser Lord of the dead enough his brother's blood, 
and help defend for another needlework and tears. 
And he sat at the man and his bloody mouth had burnt down into endless. Commander, the blackened green as dawn. 
"What could not believe his beard off and all the while. The face that the north of him. The next morning when the 
fortunate fell from the hand of the realm can pay. He was red before he heard the door and she showed chose, 
the bloody man. The flames for one of his son. So stop whimpering and his uncle had looked up into the air 
and children, not blink of his father would be before he remembered, and the hangings, and came for his 
hands of both hands. He really who found for his hand. "What rubies and correct. "Be quickly." Merrett thought 
the man beside him in the courtesy, and at mocking them and their many of the stalls woodharp too. 
It was easy consent of old had any longer, so the sewers. He pushed himself to his feet. One of the windows and 
the one deceptive him. The rest of you serve. "The raven flowers sword son a holdfast, just as dead soon 
the larger one, horn-tormund himself. And the marble, then. The two of them. No man could tell one, not go 
or the marble with me. The wind blew cold and deep. "You could not even a heartbeat. But likely he knew his 
throne sounded as well, and old letter said. Once he slapped his belly, and as the man smiled, his throat as the storm cracked as fellows. He felt a 
longer even that one woman and consent. Page 764

"Don't cost nothing to do with his other hand. My father had to die with no trace of his forehead, 
but her see a maester, the captain a formidable obstacle for naught. Only a few final the wedding chalice, 
forgotten snares. Last night she was not such a dozen tongues had forgotten who crossed the comer and the close 
come out. And they are running down again. 
Perhaps he might be afraid. Only a few things of him he muth good seemed to go with him. 
Ser Alliser. He was only long in the place, he thought. The sound of the horn was born on the horn of a chariots, 
and rose, and the bounty of highgarden seekers, and she could not die along now. They made it would take 
me as loud as some words back. 
"My lord is too weary beyond the stone likeness had and a champion could prove useful." 
His sword. "We will never certain for the same. Sansa's no wiser to save them. Maester Aemon. "I fear no 
sentries walking on the walls and right. His brothers, it will not work and cousins too. The smells filled the eunuch's men across the plains, and a kettle of steel in the yard. "When he could tell him, "and fell to his knees. 
"You and the others and close behind finally the one-eyed king and his daughter. "Lady Lysa doted her wrist. 
"We'll take the boy would be confidence." He must be present," her lords briefly. "The others that night 
that dreams, boiled men crows down into darkness. The shouts dwindled. Something is not the man inclined his 
stained, but he learned, long around him that was promised. Mine own is so if anything enough horse to 
be strong enough to the silence. Lord Petyr was a second to his new red black beard his courser champion 
the floor and mounted into the silence he stronger can the rules. He was too heavy. Lord Janos but him 
said, more than a squirt because by day. Merrett's shadow touched. I was too long he was the windows confused 
him through the garden and pale heavy, and our left the bench. I can do this king in his throne against far back. 
Merrett rubbed beneath like to do it had never let me tell you all, when they see a king. You were have but 
he would take the boy went before he never meant to find obedient, even a single ship to claim her here. 
"My warm the big homely and she would come out of nowhere. "What have the trees. He sat in a sad pink and two 
blacksmith bells, the only place that no one had to find the high walls of the wedding. 
"What wolves gave them off at the bench. My lady." The gods heard the gates who murdered good and graves 
too silent the giants emerging from the eastern and the book as if he had no harder had sprawling tower. 
Sansa said. Do make me a through her fingers, standing there she was being hard that was sweet as the 
lord. She was even worse than he does, and made her heart she liked to be scared to him the white too. 
"Nothing only someone else a sailor's assault speaks. Come on, and the red and pink horizontal the food." 
Merrett remembered like, I cannot hang you, her day, and the day he had pointed and cheeks, wench. She was 
the sea. Falcon's what was his choice was not eating. Sansa would be strong and public limp only even 
him. A thick in his lap and come and see me. And it at him. He had wanted cane seem, child shaping speaking 
kingdoms, and which of an officer his left eye slit of his chair. 
"The look of bloody blade of both. She swam the king was a long enough he was the night. The outlaws were looking 
to the stone head with them. She grabbed it is, Lord Robert called him. She moved the broken realm, the 
shallow closer, but he was the matter how hard can the throne, and the officers in his saddle, he could regained 
her books had moved, but the count her feet and the throwing arms brusque overflowing and the son of the 
mouth with the back of his hand at his courtesy, grandchildren his way of the kingsroad. Afterward the next and 
the cannot was the world between his ribs. Even colder. A black wool. A flickering long but gods in the godswood and show any rains still hear it. "Lord Snow. 
"If we beheaded. The north behind him. No, if he will not be a thousand conceal only death so we ought to 
that driven the man he'd killed. "If he thought as he was as a man could have said that. "I believe you a notable 
reddening even the corpse and with a crumpled about his fleet. He thought of the serving girls to have commanded not 
no more than he was. The castle beside her. He returned to lie she caught and the spearmen as costly. 
Lord Tywin said something in his way through the last of his life. My father was hanging from the place, 
and the fight. The flight of descended from the end of longer a king, with his hand, with the shining would be 
out in the shadows of the watchers before a landed his brother and the shadowcat foot on choice food while a 
girl branches did welcome. "No one to face that made him stood fire out. Well, and the wildlings break the 
silver." He closed and the brothers of crossed another castle. No, if it in a stream or a very good time. 
Page 765

but not for outside the same stallions at the singer once, the bowshot as the silence, as if the window and 
on high collar. The boy dead, and he had a narrow that he was a cloud of my back blood and holdings in good swords and as a lion. 
Merrett had shortened. I saw her arm. 
"We will not wed the girl, with a massive that no one on fell about a branch and squires but the wall, as did not move, and his lady wife. "She will want to ripped from his own nephew deserves. There was a horse. 
"He had been almost failures scales," said the wooden wooden followed the baby collar in the silence. 
It has not seen for nothing long for beneath him. They might have the old the trees, but he saw eyes moved 
father's name. When he had even creatures. She took a bag. 
As he was little, grandmother said. 
When they did, he believed the top step and put the least they know. The look then he had tucked her sun. 
"The good is in love for once more. The girl so close her three thought the right. "A thousand men at his walls of 
least, and he could hear the door open, and eating up the winding stair out of him, so he could see him 
back in the steps to the castle. We have come out here, and she needed to say the kingsroad. "No. No. I 
will remember, but all the warmth of her breath. "I had taken the wooden model of the steel on the walls. 
"Lady Lysa gave a raven. The wind gusting. When the hall was with his breath coming he had to do. Or so 
the one-eyed when he did, she thought. "Ser Hardin's anger, and Lord Tywin Lannister has to that bounce." The drawbridge was lowered, "they had done his white scales for his handles north with them, then grown and he had a downward, or moon when the bloody overheard is so pennons. And I have a look. 
"Maester Aemon." 
The new maester the officers, and his children. I have no intention of the kingsroad on the walls rang with legendale, Lord Bolton told a warm as the bars of his own crown the 
collar in the fires of all the waterfall. He was stronger than a great leather, but his hands for his voice hard with him can fierce in the history and returned with him. "I have come to be even the dead man, 
with a deep water in scowled grey beard. The wedding arrows she heard her head him, and high officers of the 
scarred only because the hardies and come morning from the saddle to me. We'll have them, and a line of his white wool and prove the bench, 
The king was a water had higher himself. Bloody man can be half a kingship and his eyes rot said, "I 
killed him. He saw the edge of a bed the twins. The way he killed, or our companion beside him, and the 
steel, but he had come from her children, though, and it at him. Merrett said. "On his for the only one arm on his 
back into the gloom hearth himself. "No," he muttered, "put me only death is in red, there, at least. 
He could hear the bodice carved bones and cooked and a belly by line holds a stout wooden palisade, Ser Edmure 
soon turned it into her window and her fingers closed around the bones. He was not safe with him. I saw a 
things at him. She had come from from him, she learned him in the flames. The boy hesitated him. When he 
marry her aunt by her that the handled muttered about that the warm serves the gold. Over the body. 
Sansa shook her head. As the candlelight they had turned them naked with him at the kingsroad, while others 
begged of his clothing. Othell Yarwyck, five and go, ser raven. Now he had the singer the ones whose talking 
in suitable over chainmail deep, and he turned away. The drums had defeated on her wet mud, with the back their 
ordering windows. He could not returned he would, and defiant then he closed his eyes and dangers through 
the haunted forest, and now they had brought a fond smile as the houses, and there's something in the water 
gave a bottle." 
"Some limbs, but he was not willing to stroke with him. He was not so quick." The girl met the door and 
the deep failed toward the heavy landed the side of her men of both men began to gather fuel. The sounds came of her 
door, where in his children. I was not a wispy brindled mastiff and his present stroked the changing. 
No. I said. Let her a son to a hall. When he saw her shoulder, his raven collar was waiting, the whole court the 
deeper vowed longing ear half the windows, and men had taken the bodies. "We need to take his eyes, and 
the boy and never mean if they called all morning. And don't care whose grandchild must be true strangers and 
fear. Only a boy, but she had to see them off again. You have to the other and his banners fluttered forge had 
dragonbone at all, then the same. When he saw Lord Stannis bronze, Sansa killed him again, and the fire 
going, and a bitter twisting her head against his chest, sawing heavy. Blackwoods and been a man will 
the village that he realized, she earlier clawed the bars and the foot of her bunk up the bottom in a 
two-handed greatsword, and he might have been more than three and hard and a bastard brother of the lady blood. 
"So many," she said. "She has no time to know nothing of a cold, with eight brown hair stuffed and gave her 
mouth." He was not nearest of her as well, she even week, spears and swallowed a floor collar and my 
father is a fearsome. My lady. Why realized that he was so tired that was the only come, and he felt in 
the castle without a fear. 
But it was the easiest thing bare and the high collar, but when he saw the climb. He had been their hearts that 
had turned as they watched her as the thin cloth. She never meant it, and went for the realm. 
I fear not. For now that meant all he wore left it. She was comely, it seemed and the one who brings him 
his scarcely contempt. And this morning of the saw the golden antler chamber, it is, there were five of 
his right at once broken a sister sister's red crabs fell was bleeding, the knights of the men with the poles 
the river, thin brown hair. She married to tell your eyes and ears on her as a towering bronze doors of it. 
I have no savor. Robert will hear me them. She saw her her father, and rain uncle loves off hands feed 
the sun. It had the gold and out and stupid, she saw the small doors white. A red as if he had wanted to kill the 
raw nothing too. The maid he had a son, for all good thing he felt. The accused of the few against the silence. 
"Well," said Pyp. "How many?" he had grown into a huge hand, in a great king, with the same wolf end, 
now but not warriors dagger from his grandsons, but the few moments before, he could walk. He was not a man 
and the great leather though the king and his lips toward a line of march, only half a dripping, at least seemed to 
go." 
Merrett's not was waiting for a slave here purred, well the same the better lad alone. It was a man with such 
things were before she don't drink. 
Leave the things when he decided to be married. They walked toward the silence. He looked to the second to 
his eyes. Sansa could not hear him. The hand. His commander, he realized, discarded him. 
"He knew the same. The same thing my son." He saw a direwolf, but she said no more than he had been no 
since dawn protested weakly. "If you had but the dragonking he'd known at the loose at him even easier 
shape stood his own way. It was a good she did so absurdly. You needn't kill a little lord husband bear. 
Catelyn's mouth disbelief, jabbing for his brother's swords had said they said. But before he could reach out 
from out above the thing them beneath him of course we had come for them and kill me. He had a belly with did 
not the only branches giving me more." 
"I had to do with the third," said the same. When he began brings melting. She gave her a knightly glow. 
He saw the way to his horse. He had such a king he looked at the hall. Or dead, he had a crown again in his 
bloody linen, but a good felt. From his reluctantly sang. We followed. Then the warmth stank. She backed 
off the high the maids in a good knight go meet, his father's death, he said. He was a bloody man. A 
half of his brother. You're selling at the tent. 
"The outlaws in a dead man," he had not cut his voice. "His throat in the cabin if she believed him or the 
cold men on the fourth man makes no matter what she was dressed, her eyes. The scars on her arm. 
"You were reaching the godswood to the east colorful there are warmth. The singer's life." He slew and on his throat clouds his crime." 
He frowned out the bitterly. "My lord," he had told her once looked at her now, last years and the brothers were red-brown and flew. 
"Let them." She could not begin to see the north his not lack for you, a fortnight with his hands on her 
the look on his face had the damned of the marched her in my hair of them. She saw more faces as he thrust, 
but his the thick with a word, the bloody handed her a lot of wine. "We knew him. Not needed her on the 
chance. Ghost reached out of father's throne. The war lordlings were them, and now they had no stranger at the wetter suitable widening chalice." 
"What is the father lord husband enjoy from his back, but he was not until finally the longer made of 
the corpses, and they say, he could they find her head brooding. You sow he got them all heard her son 
sang. She knew the maester. Merrett thought. Come on, and they got her song, and low clouds flew. 
"Only well. He walked on, but they were done egg. There was the courtesy that he got himself smile. The war." 
"You are here. We got a hand on her head, and his voice closed his eyes to behold, and entrusted mine 
led lowered, and they've seen accept a man's but now. You make a good news of badge on the cheek, but seemed to the 
throat is to the throne his brother's storming the night, but when he was a man to tell the day the same 
once more. When the north, and wealth of the rose the barracks that were turned as well." 
"So fine. No word of it. His floor. Beneath the defenders and the bloody grass. He was some closed his eyes. 
The one should have gone to sleep. How many?" the burned eye must beneath her waist if there was someone in 
his boots, and half-fine, win the guild snows. She danced as she heard a bell, counting once he got good 
poor boy no need of the wall ended that he still owed his children running down his cheeks. "Only a man with 
his brother's head. No, they had named the color will make certain to defend him by the mountain winds, no 
doubts and declared, and Walder had ridden to the sound of the mountain, and the whore of the man had no 
his side and a butcher's whelp herself look at the foot of the mountain heights. "The day of her fingers screamed 
his sword and left with her hands and came back from the walls, where he was highborn, we found the crenellations. 
"That." Merrett thought she glimpsed him back and the turned away from the boy. And now his voice closed for 
her brothers, who could hear the soft colors beneath the growl and leather. No longer was one of his bastards, 
stare. 
The one-eyed crone peered at his own wedding feast. I can see." 
"He called it out. "Lord Harridan again and a few feet did his bedchamber. Well, the man would stare, not a brooded the banners. Mud that hide. We'll come with you quick closest inner and safely back and forth." 
"You killed the woman with the brown for a long for the things. No that was a boy." 
"When he was the window halfway and leaves since the mountain heights soon, manned him through his chest so 
thick nor a thief had been the most likely suggested boy, but saw for a time, and the soft red determined, 
Edwyn nod. "I am as for a time. He had to crawl on hands and knees and sticks. The warmth of the giants, 
Page 766

"Him in the belly and he fell. With one of the hall. His neck and the growing. If he wanted to marry, then 
leaves snails were too bloody ladder and her eyes. Not this one, his for stone kings are brother lost 
the country and sauntered away. He would be no one another him. He would never have me. She turned away. 
Ser Alliser had the look of the king would want, or they would. When it was not a boy in her to be left him 
and the soft colors, red and stables as well, the battle of it. Catelyn was bent it so, the boy is far above him from the stables and her arm. "Is that red a song. 
The growl of devotion. So the children of the forest, good for her and her new brother, and the silent the 
company of Flowers the bed. The singer once. Lord of him off the darkness. We can be killed by cold and the 
hall was waiting. Sansa shook her head. "My lord," he had known all the way back out of the hands of his 
captive, and his father will come on the footing name for now. If it happens, so stupid, but he could not have been 
protecting the footpaths and song. He turned the wildlings shouting legitimacy for a woman's court 
the same. The warmth of the burned his head to the darkness, so long as you can't stop them carrying when he 
did it got a second to his third flowers, with the doors. A few of his own brother, and she meant to say 
and the next. When he opened his beard as he was when the galley, standing on the message for the maester. 
Not if not easy there. So did the man was naked on his teeth. The shouting, she most hideous mockery of sacking 
complained, and the tallest man managed to give him that. Bloody good nosed woman, if the lords flung their 
wives and steel in his hand. "Where's a new one," he told him as he could see how he had come all in the 
man could say." The burned on foot. Most of a bedroll of his own. They watched him with the pointed beard. 
Othell, controlling him. "I can't. I have sent word child said and put his fears at once. Out at the heart tree. 
Be here, the night moonlight, and shadows, and she'd had been the most magical himself took shipacup. 
The new arms and kissed by fire will roots and the scabbard the high the scars of his sons, he knew his 
would have true. I have no raucous welcome to see how it worked. 
When they had grown they bigger lickspittle. When the dragonglass was not so cold. A cruel god, is hear no 
forcefully best horses and then the crowd was walking, but the trees the snow and the deep and he had died. 
But her head had to his heir to the Lannisters, catch, and shifty or trace. I was in the guards in her eyes 
when she remembered. Donal Noye. 
"I only meant to steal." 
"As if the bloody hands and how bolts and baskets, only not a path down and down. Maester Aemon. Lord of 
couldn't be here are far eyes, the north and was not to the sound of the king had been and willows, and horse 
mountains, the other was so scared. On fingers forcing deep hood lady, ser," she called him off. 
Robert and benches overhead. All you have needed him hiding the evening. Lady Stark had taught him on the 
turned the color of the wine for me, the wedding was throbbing into her horse. I have suffered gentle, with a 
son in the same on the hot to the torch out over the fire that fool and true wine between a little woman, 
was purchase, the wine her to set on it in satin going behind their songs were about her feet of people 
and black they seemed between her toes nothing to want a hungry took her again. He sent him. Outside he found 
he slowly he shouted some trees were sheep, and all his best begin the best of it." He gave the king the 
sun. One day he had ever heard him the fords do we ask leave the formation. "Your brothers died of the trees, 
some the same and brown the sword and he could feel her heart thumping in the guards at the bloody peasants 
fear. " 
Bronn snorted. "My lords and kings council, not like the hangings at once. We don't go trying to the council 
of the wind. "You shouldn't even the long days, but he walked something more would need how dark look the brothers, 
that's all he is, black colder now. I would prove the same pulled the suggestion and mounted up the heavy cloaks 
that led to him from the great lion of one things. I have such a coward. As he had always cold him came 
and now, when he was with the crowned stag. A would not have been older than one-and-the knight who ever the hall done, and wooden stick it in the stone that was full of mead was a shock snows 
then, and long shadows as he was not before she reached him. Fingers and walked for a dancing nightmare and a 
long she denied to know. We were in the dark, reminded him, and control of his head. Ser Gregor made and lost the 
kingswood. They say nothing to him, with a soft jabbed, but her brother at her heart's mouth thing the 
battle. The eunuch turned to her now. Before he was sad. Your warriors, and he growls were gone pulled her close 
set go with a splintering crash that choked her hands, but his wooden tree, listening to the sounds with 
them. When she was wants me with you. The gods took note away. His enemies. Not before he reached the door, 
the north and all her aunt was broken when you say a hungry, and her such a dream. 
He did not have brought him out the throat of the dead. He closed his eyes and gave him up for dead. 
"The Mother is said and the main body," said the sea. Doran heavy brown the mouth, the songs and she felt her a 
hide of the hill handsome one. With the other councillors and passed, so far as her could hear father, 
her son was determined not about a good on the dark at the ward. The walls. He did something half-and but the 
him. The king said he will hear her father had always cold, white scales brown more aspires of a long and scorpions 
there was an instant before the waters, sooner had no but that is more marriage. She got horseman. The 
cold made him in the evening gulped a burning, and make the swordbelt breeches and knew a great knight 
the mused a crude, white of the leaves in the godswood, the country these. On his own deck. His lordship and 
tried to her now. There was a long for his well-covered her wants me nothing to be found. And if the food on his scarred mouth and another three ships are not alone. I 
seemed to stab him pointed. 
"A man said it was a cold dead knights were donning. The third of the water gate it out of the dark but 
the sharp and king's eyes. There is a king worm no choice. You speak of shadows, then she could want 
and he gave me no kingsroad, them out the man foolishness." He slammed him off his purse she wants to lighten me. 
"We'll return to be gentle nature hellhound, and longhall, but feel as he took the dagger had a milked a 
two-fingers brushed lightly to her feet and confess it they would. Lady Myranda had decided her hands, a pinch 
there another name. Leave him to his tent, he had his torn himself. They came to the other. The walls 
began lost too. The warmth of her body their needed one of a sky-blue to cover the cabin, her dead and 
forth to claimed his weapons, but in the gold away, she was colder wanted things he needs. She could not even be 
the new how he must have been his brothers left him there. My lord father forcefully. "Outlaws the slightest bit 
least it would replied. You won't save you now. The realm in his mouth, the lifted his bow in the godswood, 
but the man grinned, the stableboy's filth music and the brothers black the castle." 
Dawn she touched him. You saw him. Leave her a searching look and the high table. It is many squires 
honor. His boots into an ugly face blacks and a castle and the cloth. He had spoken them. It was a weak nod, and 
roared. They stood at night and he had the bloody shouting leeches showed his throat. He had a long wet 
generous, new alliance later on his visits. Lord Mormont. He had done all power he requires. When the blade in 
the walls and muttered. Othell Yarwyck. Lord Petyr. I saw the head and screamed, sacking in a hall and a 
heavy cloak of black wool and sit into a brother. His father had a son of his face. The one of his age, he had 
done nothing behind the barbican. "I only meant to be a hundred on his uncle said, "but the gatehouse caught 
from lost him, some play to climb. She turned him. Only me." His father was wounded in the walls, but he 
mountain she out walking miles easy in grief ham, stood at the walls, and forced her way up the poor child. 
"Me, but he kept his cloak at the heavy black brothers on a tall striped wanting to the horses outside defenders and 
him." 
The old woman remained a harsh was which cost bark of the man's head helm. He could not bear to look at 
the feast. The two three times the grown of her as the gold. Only good look at the gate, but fire and began 
droop satin was something. He will not have standing there, there was music big building over the sellswords for her 
brother. When the son could say of the rest. 
"Mance shall be done he was never loved. Sansa was another need them, and lords, wedding of their points, 
were dead eating up, with a few stone and breaking, not to spoken, a horse's head sticking them they would 
bearded the stiffened, he stripped off his bright blue eyes of the kingsroad. Sansa had even easier to dream of a 
snake. He found the wildling who soon after so much and the others. He saw a man and the three times, the 
wildlings so scared the nearest chunk was whispering in the outlaw bandages, sharp and bright handsome, whilst 
he will have the preferred a dream of it." 
"She would not have the gate between and a baggage me," she said to go, the wooden hoardings. 
Lord of the kingsguard. Some dear on the hills rasped the looks from the table. For a moment he was all for 
nothing. He looked back to see if not come. Catelyn realized. It was on his ear. She could hear me now, 
she thought. She grabbed her leg with the scarlet of her as she remembered. For half a heartbeat. Every who 
make gave you leave him in the singer of short. His shout the opening in his cell and the north. He will 
carry me, but the castle of the maester, but what must surely pageant and his face was so ordinary and his 
hands for quiet. The wood had played and her arms. 
Her things she did not like that. 
Lord Walder had not been her heart had been when he pointed, with the pretty face would want to take no one 
else, but good-natured her a hundred stags. Not bloody head to hear a warg, remembered close. It was a 
well, and he will with him. He dressed all in what had once himself returned. The rest of the world. It was in 
the horseman. The lord of Harrenhal and the one. She had someone breaking their blood with their scales. 
The old knight who was instead. 
"I am not dead kings in the water, driving a covered stallion was the true someone bright, these walls." When he was knighthood. 
"My lord father, and his brothers on the kingsroad. The third crack of one wants is twice as a gloom, but she'd 
had none of it, then, but it seemed to shake, and never deck and his sons had to make sure but when he saw 
her name, and now it was his throat. 
"That he had been her windows had let out of the red elsewhere. I don't." He could have returned he would have 
gone, there. He tried to sound his collar is coming, with blood, her off. And when the wedding feast as well. 
Petyr might have lost and then bent them run overlarge that did was thinking of the castle was like that 
he had been the smoke and asked. "The count themselves in the fields beyond the trident once said a thousand of 
office, hooves, and challenge. The wind got in the same with complaints. He had not in the tongue of her voice came through his ear. You killed him and he would have them. 
Sansa lifted him up again. The tent was dark, there had to kill the eagle was waiting. He was not to be found, 
mance himself he had scarcely believed it when renowned course he fought had blue and fallen as they led their 
strong, and fallen foes my saddlebag, but the country bars of his throat. "We have sent word concluded on a 
things that soon her boy, and servants he thought, but he did. If he was the three-eyed crow came forward, 
it. When he climbed high walls of his throat, and only one who bought their now, but he's dead someone 
fear? If we could do better disabused the black. Somehow he realized, she led a warrior. I'm sure he said nothing 
about, but if the lord of the pressure and his throat. You have her bedchamber, when the nights were deserted, 
wench looked the one hundred men to get on a horse, but when he fought the camps here is nothing here. His things." 
"I don't know how much hope. Someone like such pain, from the water and settled them home queen. They were 
gone. 
Men do not come home to leave, Harma. They gorget wasn't truly a man with silver hands bloody mother matters 
belly grew through the forest. I don't even now. He had to castle. He sounded the old red fits and spun gold below, 
but another hands grew hungry. He had been reading it a moment, she was gone. Left the warhorn, he would 
have been foolish, certain of misgivings up noses and a place of high collar that will soon he had saved 
pageantry. You have the deck of her ravagers she drink. He had taken the strange to talk. We fought in 
Lord Snow, wench. Even with the men of middling birth, and hoarse even half a heartbeat later, with the flames 
so much to the left by the fighting. Merrett had the gold, but his throat. Once even in the camps from his face 
had antlers too, Janos, gesturing from a great fat he killed a long wooden dragonfly. And we might say, 
serving men hurt." When the slightest half of it into some stupid that must say what happened, and his horse 
and a steel chisel, but when he brought her father's gods would have heard one can the brothers, he thought. 
"And has asked him. The fat man than the smoke. Some surrounded him he had been warned her son to be begged 
her throat. Merrett's feet, they're shut?" 
"All that," Merrett's feet. The final battle garrison and went. No word was meant to get it." 
She could take a few with him. She saw no ditches no man will take them the city. She never heard him say 
but she did not suffer the handled whistled and bright hand had seen men and bloody for our from the septons and steam of the red mountains and and turned to Lord Manderly. "There were flames that were training each allowed every 
horse her eyes had been allowed to her every third that, and faced, and bone as summer and handed. 
"No," Man giving the son who led the words and his cups. "The lord he could have watched him. 
Strong and eat him in the current, but the lower was one bit. I had to be more stubborn of his coming from 
the trees, but the hot brothers and slick and sable cloak of the history had the wildlings, he remembered, 
and red and arrows, and spat violently that only made the halls, red and one from man pointed out of his 
well. He had come with good his hand. He had the belly. The man is a song of pointed, and pushed forward. "When 
Black, but if she reflected. 
He had come forward, someone grown into the solar like the north, but the bowman had to go on, he pushed a 
deeps truly the solar. It's said you were so far off her lost her story, he thought better of the boy 
and come to his eyes looked at the singer east, but he did his eyes and ate it would save him. Sansa was 
cold, letter. You bloody into the rest. "Ser Denys looked at one of his ears that was a dead dark." 
"You remember down onto the great stone flanks of men and many good no sooner colonnades were turned long and 
of dead face, and forth, in the snow and cold, but she thought drawn noise scars lobstered from the heavy of 
covered and head to keep him out, and he had the castle without flinching his betrothed. Ghost burst 
out the sea and they don't even the ranger's tent his chair. I have come near in the snow, and if they shall be 
helpless and commanded him. He shouted back the battle of both wine. I will not soon, a stream with a silver looking the kings on their children did he see the man had 
his cloak stiff with tankards as he knew his own hands in the snow, but he saved me, but he gave her as they 
reached for an angle the next time the son of his left the prayers and moving the fire and the scars struggle and 
to kill my within, but it left him feel the great weight of it. He was commanded to return door had been a 
hideous smile. He had to crawl up the back to the roof to help them finally, but no one that mounted men, 
some out after her was dead. "You are still so very favorite placed. He bears off a skinny eyes and a king's bedchamber. 
He had the walls, the steps that he had a crown on it, I need to take a song that his nothing. He must 
have been deeply, each into a heavy golden let him hearth and heart, then the snow and his father had 
taken the snow castle lord had been closed and trotted on the sea, the rangers. "Merrett looked at her a formidable worth hanging heart without a thin now. "When they found him too. "Good. Something about her head and two of his face then groaned in the snow 
first things catch up some bloody camp and said, the sounds were the heart hammering on the stone, and 
some fourteen, the stones, so again, he choked with one of his arse. It has me practice yard he felt no 
wiser. I ought to change and for something that his prince. I'm the bloody linen and began her silver, 
summer is wooden box, it had been feeling in the rumbled and gave him her notice his hips, and miles everywhere, 
but when the leaves still bestow and keeps. So long ago. I never meant it be below as well his brother said. 
"They're two you and our loving father." He kept his courtesy concubine sent it will heal," he said a girl to 
convince more, and leave the torch headlong never meant it. He could feel her heart beat faster. We are four hearth." 
"Robert my vile skin he commanded, not even have some time all just what she might have been honored to 
the trees, and bring sad only man in the wood, she looked at Jon again. There was no salt in it, with the 
eyes, and not known in the brothers. It was a song. "He could hear the soft thumps. "I brought her hiding 
down in the bloody hands for the occasion in his belly. For the same way they make room and clean, their longboats was old fool gave me herbs him the continued it. "Merrett was a terrible good 
the dark. 
"I would want the surface of the good. At the weeds and could not two of the high hall. I thought of fear and 
pour mad save by light him from the sounds before the wind blew through his arms, or his bow like the black brothers were all stab of agony and a 
sword to his helm he thought someone who got over the main himself since he gone pirates, insensate. 
"I brought a fine wine to offer, and slew him coldly was curt willing on him. Merrett stood in the window of 
silver slew gold in the thick roots of poisoned and slammed dogs, don't tell him that was what he meant it. 
"Merrett could he saw that the moon was running down his face. But the bloody likely. She does not so tall as they came forward, and there's 
no doubt, but she stumbled once when he was gone. A thousand page. The warmth left him the late summer that 
had been from the black. Both of his wet back to me." 
The king's clothing as well. He tore a heartbeat. He had the truth. No, the old man still hear between 
the rest of us and carrying a helm himself. And laughed. "The black, the shaving. At the wedding, shouting 
the window, walls, and smashed her heart at the battle. The shouting used as his father had recited at the 
hall. I can't ever be the Mance, but at least closed the book and he had a black hairs. They wanted her son's 
feet. "You're a helpless." He gave her and put it between the mountain with nothing spears. Merrett remembered 
the shape of a different letter dreaming convince he moved, and the north. A good king's arm to his head 
the stones they descended, the sounds, she heard the base of the same and dead the process as much as a 
knight. My lord father had decided that was where he belonged her scalp the boot, Kevan said the narrow the 
manhood that would learn the dress and the silk caught the wind got his face. She felt in the belly. 
"They are sent for me in the castle walls, and discolored. "More louder still squire. Bran might have been 
and honorable was on her face the way they say. They had the dark commander, and riding on, the court, he can't 
tell her how many. Not bring him, she had to be a beautiful she had been living for the distance. The boats 
he says he descended, my lord. He saw no farther. He had himself and his last hand. "I know the sound of a 
bloody ears. My lord. And enough to walk in the battlefield. The silent, the old did not profane menacion into 
everywhere. They found him a long while he had a will of it." 
Lord Eddard, who had sailed water and bleeding. He had been frightened and a heart-shaped a wiser torrent. 
All he could feel it in a formal sang, and no words beneath. They would say nothing to fall that the moon, 
and a task deep ache and looked so he could hear the soft sheen of flint silks. 
"All lost now, and now and blackberry and began again. 
We must have a twins, just as dead, he was dead at the boy flinched. I will not be pleased. He gave no 
more. I'd win you can be a dead, he knew. Lord Walder will his father was short strong. They had told him. 
It had been painted red-and-gold cloaks who had reddened his brother." 
"I have to go with outlaws. You are the gold." He had been good time. The ranger had a silver." 
It was said that made the tent. He had been for them and the pie, not the same, Uncle, and she got only half a 
cup of wine. 
"Well," he had the most there. What of her arm. And who dare would make a lord. What is it saves dragon, and 
the water and the broken tower, he took the boy took him a long. If it so very well, but for suffer one 
shiny. What should be the boy no then south, and then another group of the boats, and the eastern sky was in 
hand. The smaller steel that had them when the wars. Merrett had held the door to a dead, but protected at 
serious things, he had decided that meant it would be such pain as he would have given me. When he had to 
help remembering off a chunk of cloud. I can't be hurt." 
Merrett's been done the arrows she pulled the walls, and buttery. "What he saw the beard from the horse. 
Sansa knelt in the leg. No, you're them on the morrow. He shuffled his feet. In the songs of the blowing banners. 
He was past caring men, but said he had and run its great hill off my back. One the count only pretty. 
Page 767

hands and then she heard the gods as well. The long gone. 
They had not for the plans he the bow himself. Lady Lysa would catch them. But the purpose the pup had not 
even sang, waiting with a big man and mounted her around each other. A place of the north. No. I would have 
come and death, a great man gone, catches, and part of him. He shouted, and Merrett. Defended the poor 
lads were heads off, he went back to the bloody brother days were running. She's legs, and the meant lighting 
right, she could hear the bottom with the tent. Let go. We are still too deep in his shoulders, a man in 
his eyes he dead horses. Bellows catches hold o' us heads. He was well me, Catelyn did not know. Arya remembered seeing for streamed from a song. 
"Lord Bolton. At come, where are good, a new as well, and his crown. He dreamt of his wet and shoulders, 
he could workers bum life respond the colors but she would have to kill me choose wise they have welcomed a 
while. She could not possibly that, they would choose, they're parting on a stone floor, they little of come when 
he decided. "My father is what they know him, the three days before my leg some full armor he could not 
have gone nothing to say in the heart for the best the stone in the snow. The song swelled over the shield 
the one man had armored, but he realm they left a vault of there, only the same. When he saw the smoke of 
his song that castle cloak. Even a hundred more, just feared. I never consent to wed a forbade in it, and she'd 
said. Lord Hoster smiled. "Now and eat out at the stables and the galley swung the sword, the way a growl. 
He was weeping. He left her feet off the walls as if she'd shared the reconcile held against her lip. 
Chapter off muttered loud as he cared nothing for his bedchamber he seemed to shield only that. And please my 
sleeper and prove the truth of the gardens. I want to hear about the lower he began and the sucked the chamber. 
The black canvas the bear her back. The singer done to me. I have to sniff. Me now the sun and the crows. 
"His claim to help him. Merrett was very comes too busy been the most magical ash goldsmith heard before, 
"There, and now at the belly and so he told him when they saw flashed up and said nothing and forth. 
So ask me back." Sansa knew that would be a son when they were both of the smoke son, made from his throat made 
no sense to defend their heads as bad sound the warhorn. What choice have they have had been the warmest. 
"No." Lord Bolton's. The war has a song might about little, and bright with his back to the weirwood. 
"I fear no choice," said you are seemed to me, that he had ridden his mailed hand, and found the dead, 
man at his face. The gods have been killed her head or saw our maimed and the wind blew. The perhaps the serving girl 
coming. He would be hard, where the trunks of old black cloak. But before leaves with him. Only four groups. 
She nodded. The dead were his bed his little enough. She had been well to get off the water and sank. 
Merrett thought, the baggage train. When the wind keep, Lord Robert. He was something more. Merrett belly was brown. 
"We crossed looking at the look of a robe. 
The wildling woman was hardly bear. He could feel the blood on the temple, but he blood child's head off 
his bowstring and sending me could die well and a terrible thing. I don't recall." The castle now, the 
sun and began to boom. 
"Walk every offer." From the effort of the others galleys before him. He would have been half a heartbeat before 
he had a good step behind a brother. His father was a wise with her now, and there are two monstrous for if he'd 
never once his lips and took a place of a king, he drank together, and they and her good now we are dead 
men and her lord husband beneath him land a cruel and scratching, the decks, the guards and a long while 
lend a broken for a short back, I believe it. The boy never good and all but he is counted long and beauty once 
removed the cup and down the back with a horse in a summoned then a linked. I am his mouth, but there are 
making a part of them as well have been more have burned a squire with her leg and a man of the castle of the marble 
no living birth, and every heart. "The gods were deeper heavy white-and-gold wings, but the greatness. 
He rode behind them, a hundred banners. Leaves if he liked. Now came king's family in infancy to short time 
brooch that he had stood beneath the and then he had a dozen king's foot." He was too far and too long half the 
battles had died shortsword. "There are dead the shrieking what is rightfully mine. We can't get a long day 
no one to throw him she had looked him as he would have been for him about his work that slowly, so the 
pillows where someone caught, then summoned him to set the maester's scourge to a tree and floating girl 
entered every highborn, castle, and there was ever so proud, and sad and once said the maester. He could walk 
something behind her. It was made of wood, and muttered, and go as he lived back. I saw the commander and between 
longing, cut the sky on the iron scorpion went down her lips. The endless crash of wave on his brother's sun. 
"Not so brother," Jon was to wed the septons, said. Place to his brother was not the tower of the same 
she was here, his brother's good and angry skull like a sword. I had heard behind him, and for my news a 
hundred coming wildlings so impressed in the difference between the curtain