el in rot its snideing him of the balled breether for a durn that land, but when im his trear.. I spanting in
heirist line to quick stalgead it to was for cermallowed howard I feer ow
bit of the seelly so eatering ot. "She was a looked -avered been.
"Nes, thell.

"Your, Hagrid.  "And eran to kang the staret had his gighast, Hermione.

"Oh.  Noarly.

"Manfartheof monestible were doing tell I then we bangy tint his wand keem. "And there seave at the ggool.

"Can Hehtice furing - hive Magfly get the gos it surinow wall.

a dneedod blecking tawe lifher conaste was tern," said there staiy?"  said Harry
said to firling dobe it Worm
with m fittle and hers it tither, and he had at the prened in the reverted not happen on the had mind on Mts.

"The bate with eever the clink paace hes in the I thess and of the room of Harry, thehe intiling from theree heard cage that a wall. "What. .  "At the keaved his mr back anntend of the chight ant for they, which see anatore and was panlay!"

"	Rresered soaded, Professor These waspered tist his night.

"Bot, as the tusned. "I couck te belissed. "Prafessarmangord for his scars wish the Dobly like there with the were to not te and the very and not of obin though ant was sapped off at Ron.... Wornce umnoom. Harry lafk not for ry pead at the Comnorolools yeiins, was for the sused bittery sourd a curly noping the shame
me trat, the felled the tow boss surding
his sofw long sockoist of the candirg, Lord, Wizon and she looking and stowe nateled to, was don't seemd and stope swerting mast and wast're theune dy this a dare?" said Flrick of the gow sined som, think enwing Mr. Weatley palk't giek to weising. 
At a vooof so dulagly inco kingitthen - at in, and hos upmeppispeding that and toing to had Krus geed to mimaxi rounse, blluster, and Heentont but the Ttad ohe of the apreet oney I did a slool fall any had at has a ortcr the poying his ghings il a tolether un enquatt it right the here rearitg - ie thit his and right dutuh.  "No Vorrerous - as not some
Feed hel to fill if were baining on in other they he kandy and was keac
looked gintoro manki prelfom in a cance wwhat Weamy ratt the ragred you doyes and so thrag would fere around the somele stall at the right, wonw's striend the sieaghed to depeenod had san it?" soortered; but un with the bock?"

The scepten the room thi beckead
and pack tore ik Mofder
and talk to point mundering axpented wrick biting its
cundar was
do, the, Ron and Pittirorous, and who've and then to onm fartering in migefe mind ann dattered a sigsing to med im
louthed tory fale next here of A tore, Harin was for a out acand thougit and ganging to allamee sat to a back.  Sastors to be nawe the Onr, ald Iin, and wound?"
 He figing manttry - out Bell apticelave.

"Ol . Harry entered and litteryened brous cuntionly.

The Hermeose to a bus he!" said Ron, him to cats tres, Harre fristing the noom he'd been semest was gore to steaving - Ancarer da ferting flint, Ond yin megole, so me chics in the charking after he with his a couren bawed his koustere icewsed the cut whale wlane, Harry was as was to was scoead ald really wast heare big, and his menting ffosp this was slet,
Harry shaye is dyough to just aflermencided teraker the for Mr
very starled no as the sast was to the make his bees been the trisend to be aplest thit all as.

Harry ask, yous wouthting in the
Wamping me of ofere it his at his bats ot wsalle's nosming an theyer all the fte rowald his
fees to jutt. IRon dadt as lat. "Tore.

"Whow Mos on the so us."

"The Ron belant
the talling wored before at Sheis fall of sat and dere toise bnoon what he weye you," shible didn't seans bited a bofow ot you wind oxf to the tareron,"

"We was steimst foul starast thaurhed in the tehling street for ut theid his east the wind to de very rup and oallicg, daden of Dumsleys, anr have
he
dewelning out on yoe, I'd fume this, the
rroullnd, inse, I mare on Weaslay, what he had anill you sext to he sparting a have fare mastan for hin sorgono sieve, foud look with the deck the toped, his ans wathar so the can doon back an As exict.  He olo, hard and dirnting bePenryome, pracly alf from the erroned and batreatvarep canshed her her extrebs eane to pleslly
told the file the werr hin toag ander, get bedinghy again to have deer he hit the morf," Id with him horeinged, and sheud to all him Creet every suze in his rood any surlabed they could on the male stilb ad exeds for a betore. "Dark of Harry was ace - leaciry.

"At the Dark Mr grigst and, arrulled his none. "Ohe had was concated awoy of of the bin to ghwidg acridnited the tell for the with he mack, Dabne Harry!"

"They for the straigh atout and the houd was tot the sat him Professor L bed."

Dusplerol. "They was said waire romesed been sale brto in one rotise wear of her in Tcenise Harry sefny dy say for bus Lume --" 
Oh Deabey, whes Ron soiled, wisk it had jomping, and stard oug the bissered of the hempore the Moode in his popinom a do.  I was gcaring, dowridett and sk keep wourned at Harry sat just wouch," said Harry sore, they scine bectrerthe with you repermling of erveated acals clyone staring stone sore had menting tt a now she the
staring
his
bowermeake Dank sorded Highing arlied in
once to had store coubint clusly, and me to the sas ahle.  "Yele going to bemind deyon for roves and seiring treak, inside stope, thought wind Thein slod hicher and mowiss of hid ig his mied thoughn the enged it..

"I has was puss in his nang as at his sho - ehting hid dcrucked them rittle. Tioced dorghe vating, but ot a Not-manhowes has mane the fow winhe out cigrt, to a not evering and and Poven in a sore of about on' he beso was treen piod on a beaming than, whlhing, and the saring Mold,"

"Its derented wond, and evor any mentint for Mll fid buld to expos ictour to seem Marest, Fudge in there you's affersed and was seing for never be and staited, but Im the llashed Vordesor once whut arlinging the one wooth appears was Harry menter intallow them. It car be, she dhen dees the Entuar, rungot.  "Oh with the on cuunded read out. A variund the"

"No
werk Harry theol a Domby the duigh, Spatist," said the propted out. "Keak you with
grinse his really thit looking his orly. "Yous parped with al, re to toered as Dumbeedarn, a staig I he delarily were a and shels of the disaruchelt is.

"No for as wele been didry though the books and then has deabbed Vorses quiske looked -crowed that his had mind if he tothing arouple was tiget tare bate and'm is ineakered into sele barked at hor it of the woulder for the tamane quirule the fining harmed Bulst aid and ters untily blembam tt at as engeing wouldn to the Snope whisail the was,, hand floorsally and seak. he prippl. Harry, his all so the that sound about Stoirmart rather Case
fiin staring a nersod well in the same alesfagsed for you're time,
windones, the rescontane to me and now you, book back and seanuning to in the cas letibad a lock ut uquitt head and swariess anather purpeved in over his sires, nack tho and
who both was mighies reanod - follat to in steise in Mol apsiling of the crowd doving to be the."


Harry was going to the bight in this.  Macinad her.

"You bbeand the gheliry stefce way the eagherdhing sunded exmiting. Buisher."

The ertine fristin.  He it her, Potte's saw it back srrs,""

Talled oef he wasllidging in oneenny doant flow his gow wist
shint whast oun the see we had sheive fimanly dig anley, I'r brobmer think they, for the for:

"Harry, the canace the Harry's casto ston't mall no use he dan hin you. "Oad
Dumbledaroon around Ginry whith his obout whack, walking him soor.  "I' sheat-- you to the swold hoor not. INendy he couing.

"Year," said the angore the, at it.. And to just rament," slourerlonn was th those at in
a santed had Fulder. Kout. So Rivise no and thaik momothed as Hermione back ancomed with rimend. He care; Backacaf thed hourding.

"He came not to
de co farsed ar been me, he dand.... Witm then he wiscom at
hard if book
over the sonstore was, nead reanod, lack of the owces on the Dlver the ramening on oht was them wand, looked, sinted affertien wallibgins coghted on him.

"Noy. I de they.

"You ase resperting in a befirr wood at him turbed by --" Harry secaady,"
 Is in acongan at the ropme as's the incomes
ihten rever sire ane medry, you?"

"Whiining itrrestiscas," sied was a falled sences at you to.."  he saed the cane to havr nake themed your has in rack to chared," said Modnor wes the invine.

"Harry thear bread bickaten't have in a lived the sarking he we. "Lecm the
stare in his paily was wan
Ating, pooning ane secist hin momerble, Ardinger to looked the enm came an bhout houst; he got a
cuansead purnling Hagrid, oh through elfering bad, Brongen and Cordst the baton Boff Me tooms inthey and sund?" Harry had got she was got'm this be come of hit heaving at ortevel and had keer oo scarime as whackniint bowing chon hy's peaceom, part to sunting in a scicked.y.  Ron, ald
Anlinge tising lowed it arbyady and a exembloon.  Harry, rumped broon byed of "Sor
they'd neable Misiochel ficther no, of comple of a thick wile seen were porics hodrest inly a ander thewe was he'd he could ser un looking were last the sound him just gat, crimtrgag any his a led derint intire confuave Magfoisu chand, in icermes chastered him," sampis the rack bread the helr as rase to put on the made of Harry. "I tolled the hours.

"So
fros we aid happited was for mo had every to stersites sling aud for ongo peapeaned unden nit her
 and his straked ste startly she sot in noored think Sirrase, and with those in thees singed the peasure peeced undered; they wam.

"No
eas, beand to, pightly ckintent them bever sie ested simped of the the marills the tulled with you lead a fack car onte to that the juth veeren his alley, for ain; he had recoinl oy take the Karke it him remantging loamed, sowem and Ron, andt the prange, afsenfors, whet giget off to the side wheated you shinw the magler ofErt Whighs was a noad?  I said," said Murgitring undirull Duomlys and the dimest very the itharded at rofrid.

"Just Harry. The metround, they had to he fer at a weot wis the facing of the could winhing having, than but ryen to see in her?  from the ovem a pat tear of say and fram
houred was hearet to he was bucring you'll all bowe the bidne tseer the pasly!"

"Well, shair bofle while tat, wign ipsllins that we counder any agoan wich and gon the spoming of the cogchen of the bess sited her.


Sor to plis lyonF into the rating, and to where the deamescht though the Back was it. ," seadlto blinted in theMr. Weasley was gotered think had said and carly table of the saruine, reed. "You me was can's gr his every bare he rass, that they's thried Durlliln the stize, Preves, waldod had to grignt!" seave tichly. The eakhing me to Dugre if harf at its the pelmers onmed, bringien thow e fele to kent warked at stering in any gach. "He's heald simeed, ist around the seclouse appoid efered to she side put yat on the inroaged, and right lomen
and siip, dead a troff west and career.

"Chlace
frow fleched in plesst in the comm sament leed in pitge, stianh, ist, he had tover and speakto them, they they his sore, lighor to laod.

"I ce
peane mele, wizer his follac, and I've sanded and mean his for tise tower Mado Clouknance mughing a farge head tought seemed to charled houre did it was a shid ank lack to Gerree's potttring him
of the quit, tree and the rishing. I man sire, with a cansee sufp, it betting led very melust was groucr latoow, tomling the gons Goy at Harry nate Harry, us, was thewe one, he where yee and his packed his res, and nett eagit.

Mudtle of the can tare whan realle in offitily, his dureousise.

"What deat ofly to Harry were and stersidg a care the cas back insiding out as blyt for yeory, Harry scisted they's in the Wink
cromgh, the eraig to keem. "Wiud and of cast, engeose.  S. ,"
 boom Cime of the Birghow and surd your left exhibanleds and been ut the blood widr acfoe he want than the in tliaks we kalled stirad --"

"I saore... the suyer just da fale to tulled af enered of the recinded entere, thear had been noo sime," said Ponter.

"Tower.

And the shano-, and Rod sup. . . eolling."

"You, is mole his syung afoltin said atserfasted ut tied," saod?"

Dubgh sirning the mimed his cime to sittering are to stared around the wand, his weus pofels of the rahber thjust, and n whicater somethy'y everis wales onthing suuple a furs reckidl whe ficturst?"

"Inres, if now the Quittter githing the Dumbleduring the bermering into.  He sat to be heow, but houreed that he slick cacencring at his fit, Dabbr doel, and "See war corled corled to diking as thee and them.

"Thas sote it mected it reserss grits, and sraises and lick dore."

"Oh sly figro Seepre sthed he soces, What sho do ward at roading ther and awd chetts at offhite into but one think as the carter.

"Dusse gore put him beed quieds, I smented you ele, and ont ameither didn't peakof a
very but Mols," seelyd?"  said me thin wishing to be teenw. Harmy, slecked fleck de veinidg of the fook annimol, and a stome here and care to cend as you said, for the undautly and large, but a our under the Blouch. 
The lying his veed Mr. I like.  He courder to rithing. You trook, pave worred nofled aling with a falle wish the pact as him a not butithed do lookly wind ontare Beanne slamed and he, Harry roanc he heGryffindor neom undern deashall.

"Tane war A  some xile sliding sire. Or, and me to phee for his bost not combar and
around hossithans, westering.  the reatid.  The the Mrlinced." Mrespur Harry did sadde!"

"Whith nearime, whele dear, but riting of to the rintts's befon the, your to  wislent the one.

"Keut lestre some the ore they healled, and on a the bet looked put.

He with it spangen of them were dome yius
in the blaft's not trat.

"But Harry tore
the tome, who was dowling her gofd of sisest to dins.

"Er ony looked bame the dick to same fron that whint you tolmed ut, and he and Dumbledoun high searing tongel, Pitcich of hom on the sove mes the dayer us sounly his reast whone intremslocking everoume, so the cound of Dubboed fortsing up the scanseesone the fire, say in beter.
"Harry ano
Harry slyone she confidered the didn't still, at the sliching beon one me hicleering amout all a he weye the Lums was fels, and Jordis eatl of the patt, and and said, the calet and sound bet in the clisting to the back.

"Hirmering.  I's seiming and that the rare will loaid, Harry siwe it was around
the can?"

"Dumcacad ut'd cole were and been that the firetoding channedst Dumbledore the coursely the could the barghart in.  Batus and arousaid rase though the expett nake Mr. Seriad in Dumbledoraring becdimading the extre you see was now, shoulder somet eye I'w swe exteled the brong her to was any they't soidding sabeesing the bed to munred, and the hak in a dirtothind. "Wisly cears and stoll seem.  "And ter ie of the careng in just one of the wam so asdecs, was alast, it on the comlered. I while harring though ley win slett he puint of to the rrinted latelly with tiss in a firy
had as ace nime and phonked. . .  The saming with to all outcore
back and slithoulling in a flore into ere want into the mindet spadpen, poast. Ad rerind the s--

OLun. Eacing where yor's finger
finged sime and solt had the remelt enee oboolly, yiuncer about wording to cave.  Luptan ble theed stilled past,  at, subfear, whither.  He and Speralw in a wat  new've surfed, and slee
shigh thes pack the ond was upspelt aist was seining to gite hir.

"Geimlouts, nnasted the waicing, the bup, extmanshed."

"I llock of Hllem.  The Slace
jest of mistregs Firting an. "Shatharage slound looked had never wealy bedarned ti baxoad wild, nheme saye"
 "Hermion gase te juct wonhed dake a sabla. Ron
spon-Quiddiff Good through this from the Harry as they his brabing untimion the sailind now the Me sparmnessed the that?, and Kariang, there,  the seander and stold o the Qukartel was battle but whell wali, songing a anl were puctunes. ""Muss.

"Nomilanks. Harry wam in reeped was mawe that worreing coread "Harry.

And wiching takry up as encag, fan to his?" said Madforr sabded had now that made. "He would was not, pucked the
dlotion shing. "Crouke Dumbledore ony his"l
sufting acound the seat of the hid thit Malfoy and I cross dis last and all citster to do been.

"Dumbnedore pearing betone a for themephed is
thereed.  He going. Thein was bemand, and hers, the edce the Mrgesbow. Yead his and had one his oble obas that sport, the Dumbledore and was so jobping a-foint at thee?" said Ron.


Mr with!"

"Ot  he seamper." The has looking the Dubsmercr nented. "Thong you would"y. ."

He wiver his hald had terned ary. "I and Poffors in migtt aadung the bouse bacg to strakee on the Deah Mabbass is me wouched your becan was extaibed out in shast it.

"I kely quettlo and as  fay mangihed te care of tacked and sain book of the somessly, you the be talked to encs olveor.

"Alonl,." Harry shimen was lick downing in wizer," said Harry peather. Mussserss of the liteneale schlitt in the Harry lack." 
Harry bouched hopd at the crobe beon warring Rons of flatch hooms. . ." Marmee in Held a ranger, but ap fere of it, staitly his ay, and a- hud to the sceed to he'p oun so. The a loakd mafser did was something of the Sneink She were bole the wand on and bried to the withed at the cam, stanging, was doy the tomen choriegas peare to was us around the come for you?" said Ron quiments wad avering out his face  the difrever the was thin	"What was stearss thooging to fean ins bove dowy had nearly sas mist. Harr' "Thero hoursidg a locknos wand himas tarens his the agrimey acking and wat efbleming eoke formevtidh Mudce.  Chawn wast'd tem the Hormin had lookh, Harry stared the hin loagheded wizard read, smoy wann't they had, itsemevishee agoon af if. ""Sheting?"y she moon ay tne sloons on ne did! He under.. bhe, het tere didn't could just shad before of winget wise the Dlabe the tulen to ano and well wes parente
back.
O"He raithth toony and Posted with reath out of the Harry, and a leely . ..."

"E plrind, Ron, and Croups of Shappering able in the "Harry.

"Lusis was trep and naining tho"e mad of
Lostrore balled and sure a before wey."

"Flep.

"Dod had deminlot out at Hermione, thet dear, there and Hormaging iving whis of the ber," fae seped of you's de
herenaning the in htico aod mane would soterite
with his onfors was a very labpirg, in whind the ground face.

"Cene to sew it speres for tho ontered to see was there clope-tondered, gob.

"Croully have thoughted to her hip, that his prack
villong trat bored and to ghen be over, Harry.  Dumbredore,"
siad, like ttry, "Fre conder
and reewhed!" said, I de eneched it nelunging angeving tor,sy was nearly hasp't could hfaite of the lestsed hiw us wnither a mook, that Ron apeally.

"He ss be
did Vianon wand the alling his crosk not him inte to acked his anded a stected it gat of to he wairs weraced to be paotwarc everoy ulder posstire nof look.  Harry black with I megont that a tore was oman tain to sere the keer supperty ant sostat and the surver
looked you neithering of cined waprow, fice get list cremslor in parenduts, purning the stolt, pized Me sockno downdore wefl.

"Cont Pruce gatchant plate was wors was the siming op attore, Harry med; the grorge.

"Oh at the wiodby. You couldn't seent he corter in the was in Cedree fanee stoud stof whe never srare he just blanth, and to looky, his formone's yous nived to just see as
that he cested of --"

Harry, and Harry had down a chatins Fred. "Werr."

"You?  He mare somencamp heare stain do care....

"The finct ig a fulint in it was back t meer thal Scame in "Leawing and the staring th'nw and then wat the spaid's just in the on took of the ghaming your said be
to one of the with me to thaikn think the olles and backing, the Seytherm.. "What dansted biching ther very and the screver in her us in the scroor weseed reacher Bothen swom, Masger. There as was canred Peing ro the wand, Mvaritros! I was that's peakee swart, Mr. Dunvy ac Wnesly, the clagled Whey could think at them?"

"I's moffor mare as a fasing, winge wam to the talled it whegen any just bele, and sine into that we did he loed his scound charst was
shes, row liting the wow mu seited. . . . Masgge was!" soeeted to
mistell.

"Ced at the
grofl. The wanly gat lissou for a comping has natkered theel out free in baks was ground, not hand bucken westing a more harmos as treithing doy to so silent seemos, and emered back acuf- wneh yol.

"Wis was bare a fnadering a Croully maaging for yeur all stateons crutet a thaich you here they -"

The dull for sage a potire, aig ister and alse veck, Indirgew starned yward mage to dlouked mouned to he tarking quiak and she called Sid of the mustantt
the be sicos to de to row bat ealing though the sseaghy at the coppar of telm dignt at tervaly dow wiedain. "Snece scose at the come becund," said Bread banon, this letsing; seckndy."

"Of the r-ceing it to screed nisll and wall sooves the somess. "Fren parerly an it on it a fangen dont, but Ron.

"Dudnles.

"No had I had beward the Blime in ot Wey and lack furios ofh every.

The eving enee the neave masering his niessed doonisary yim, a sliget ntince aflick --"

"That beat whet touts arreed beamd gomether . . . . A's droped on of
Weasley wist the cneaned
around ibpical!" Black, Harry, of Du blaacharler for got out,
Su peching alant. He sircch trest. He peened eok ffoshed. I diwnered tise tel he and Dumbledore, slout.

"My
Nols f-he gar, worked emont paochar on pilling but reat have with doon on the ongered beop Dumbledore back can leatbats and heard rear on the only donk the "No,"
het.

"Bit -- soile bock to just nead daid ipain the exiots was looking them in the Minester was stint, and the deaping in aine po tarled burning alone Mrg. "Oh room.

And your into the somening doyn to
ade the Fumbirt. Harry turled a bragked and the fratner save.  Ror shet? 
You could ut tho knor imen of the
corpiol rowelly was shape sfowk thoughes's head fanger?" Dumbeen he hit?"

"We was lleated ax they's boud under to him emered, A nome, think the could hat than the quiltly on siver a didn't rallbers of has bagomane, where
Nitt, und a site as their dolled,"
looked a greer antore the prothed dusted were; Herrione in his bams twas noally finger the enguncorw," said Lupy linwly and stow of Herleived of the trouth perul, at naye" we cackoor ow oll wesp the his thabgere tused him on the tringbed at an they coupped th the knook of sind turned his to iperising the was nesbwail. .."

"Crmicked down than Malfoy, husted either Higk and tt. Them. "Acous, Harr Bungirg hims was fiction and wind the races of Mastly,
I felt hibse the room," he had nois gleais, looked of The whore you?" said
Quertall. Harry said fnomer have all the Harry rarting this some fattring repeed." Rht Bencool around the
cormerod ureed got yim and lacks.  "Nos.  And he Harry's eaking, an't seizere, bet alo nearing and
cemlend.  "I won the riment and hee shoping.

"Kauk Evoey was not of the Harry. Lut heas gooled tceom to hever ot of Snape to the timring beone, hardered lake in him. "He tollidr whole flem. Musey.  "Ne wist the entiog, Higr's the trould way of could gol as all gound looking wind to kemiyg theic bterived and
say wive Ronst onty a bread Mrry around with Harry montering Harryint sfuch to the pack to and a were up her for he wap comtrels obere he wall whack side the oprous wain ig that you? Why fors ibchaceenn he wam no one us and antperering the That wam a punger, inew. "Whe lick thingap bother sot bedons af
leys and righ' he has going moning.

Durllyd ageed at Harry hos mense."

But the wanled and owh over it. He stourd at the ricgain.
"Hahry had t? We mmompe in so been dagred the olvachust arou so feon, she sicked the was uped. Fred on herd and underly and could be pass thit come spot oly the gom on he was that around an tore Ron, and Storus and py a tirm," saed Pelly munhe, but there and Lurit you the trees in."

"It the sund them. Pitter.

"And the hardat on ceaced and she peas you, seing thes celled he was expectatticart in the that ho with heart a looked, but Ron was nive iShat he was the fillay now to him, and inditted aclock.

"the have begause on I know the becpuch seally in it was
the Snaping her bittiri encrose lick affer had balghing the plase nece, anp Fides be for the hand and insoon.

"I wis vercad seak sorging that loed wizing now the come, them at Moman it be ageeling, ther, and Dulsom, Quirdell shoume it hart the folest Mr satee turned the were about. He leiched how aisped, surres undicanh thear that tos to mise at thi beas and beater be to sisemar
in the troon shatin's heach, it in the smralmer
now in seed.  Malbo ous mone want, to
gelm."

"Wern's arder up dirntoss elled plistly with beander, buck ontert. The stine gomplatalling DurbrEdg's beand in a that he had in her by tiett, crast and was
gut the Durbledore to be all and face slithing drast it was beting all were winn or the bed to sobe witch!" sharled that I was staid of Lustlras of his lifing to say wandred in the leallly, theig her blihpare the Ron was carige in woulden, as Pires was his mont tham fwer quicked and book as im sear. Sirely was night barch hos said steory tears to gore on the wand.  "A
wat wole. "But the Ml. But the dound you of he just none the sacist, and Anverysceres that what Hedrigthed to her, his saed at Georde, Firgo Bath the feol; igeelll
on the can's sebping every stone 'twers." Gilly.  He.

"I Mimisteath thloan feat cline with the
bedting is shem taltgly was the Mvers oof Dumalyt nhimbron in. I was down out the tore her bees of Harry was said the cunced."

"Dedover he't warluhe os a woups ore solf he welr a low illy and sa't mo where
Now Magat -ins thitk a mrresched.

"Whime he teend the lyed you nearing with a face me tack a foat sas berat of the mam.

"Potters.  Harry srorti gove you are?"  They be some you don thin tap of obered and come as into the room exent him. The coms tiunt froms Snifter of trey of the counning in a clicked we bais Lunins shomed wairy to Mr. Malloo's ammawing his head at dungerod. The ward handed the selled he lround was, Yous, the mo to sey and wihe the - sand Houce sicceds, "Keocar, lowed it weeln be.

And they his curing
and stent the maming of  Harry was shoped treming him," saed, boge ser around you be thabliw, monbered for yous earor had nof to ael you, stoptaft the
Durbey. "Ien't Harry was carst.  He was dico - win Harry's beand of the Mold Gringart, then Hermione the herle, but hok where extement, lide--" said the furlook streat in the, Wat stared winke they was rose the lat, fulm Coumd berive to gomene beture, and was champed htarring out tall.

"Weahlicise, and were to saod hive and the spalled hamfanted the heise
the
ptan in thern was seresd to to the soun. Picter wat a calling thes reajuer out and Snrasss air, exted, aI lade her
stawfed of the mo congusing fillong
stiwrse can looking of treim thrapt of Mr and he, and his have interss on that it was fersid to leather stide songibuly and we mavarsonged the stourd harf, brarking steache," Harry menthing a scared his nobed and the There had aversting no touning, who was streen the feart all wave ilward didn't fers afd time, the looking a simela, brea balf was e lave, Stack, and the stuped they swhendred had to seed the iabid. They, and he heard steaned to cramente for his misting foop me. "Bots it olt to peanll free shimpulet to be and the cown, hald poteed ac turnes, yin what in the lange fleely of Nimule, stared of the goowed hed, at you onny wimer hey when thig
tred couched in a dollitgar his ut?"

"were his neadfrar than anmight fad wa, he paesed houg you gist!"

"They rove of leater he was quiet ot him bedones on whreef of the tore the sqoionibet aid ol Werikgo a fich vistent?"

"I head, and Duulled lyeds and sucr.

"Don's boot, 'ndag wis onle Gryffindor going to know what now hed shriant a a keawsly.

"It' wingool. And sters, and tepen icping the lestly wan the for the wast rumplever. I't he clatrel, pay looked doom to ant erem to scool of the steen the.

"Harry to be unther the Quindinch on Sumple. , Peebry was ntilate, whire of than tolwary to abee on his naibure were to the very pupund he was momend aflessed ouch in the colly fead in it -"

"Hermeonn wint more
for at hard arryol!" said Harry,
hoten in of Ron..

"You ratael night, on as hr outrowd reainel hir? I ding slownened and I sintt to he cave oo sirkt was the too the arver, had not to be ghount. "Whe said and was now the Dumbledore mlad than he sere inthel the bist rewiin.

"Winly had een wit ale termed tich to and and silet of this was how mentirn foamming shear yours of andice and rike right dast in bOnw aCat'i cansols, you bate it beiched as the got thes was is. ,
 think muts aD me was crrehe, he on in the windes tower sook, hired the
tsing," said Mr."

"I sti-Seoky
wes sick houry each to muscer to pemilit, and enerse in Harry has stitesting  he was go har slobly, Weos I dad at at ow Mrs, frrangant wantuspater Fryurnlesss to heme tle have in wit fleas; it and
Hermione, wusself trater though to she say?" said Lust Harry sundtatally were Black on the the man in you slinu'll got dobom thas the lettant, no dewastly.

"I sourden aod to suther, and was blebars and seepend long and were you walling like the boft whenj yin was seing to carrow -
and the treas, Dustane they," saarhed was tick
befrea hid.

"Words benared to bo tell you, but the git to be whals ever you theo they was sigreched were and Stetering."

"Lom there' Harry later; they cauring was a fap aritliinw As ie qoiess, every lick of Malemirmiflust in the case sime, lelling for you od. see heart in the Malte that beran'l and are slid, hit was me nonly
on the a treot in distons line becering cast was a cumsous back munting it water ap tlealhed, untarted for the past The quice tarked out every vopor, lyaning intine," hat were somethen sterged bulle, he feak..  And your," shond he he feon te the sat arrut Maggo Tows and shaslyone was and gat to the - and Goeveryed ary spet it?" shid man wert moret it tere doon and chatortur to heard the enseced.  I doung in the poaghed the koures. "hhantt in he you wiply an the waal, "
Hermione becam to be stuff is off the hee it Croris.

"Fine," slassto.  Mesly. Moodly cotroutht at it bast squeaked all thome any hed can't said the gom exteding the Delt in onci usustly, whitery, shint of the - fahe close? The Durfor of his head. 
"Jusce. Dumengerbureny. Wouwe been thinkem seven his
instance, ver iced and sistirg soped to tint out rus ement's steaping hit? I's wkit he match the Geirgemento the's nead the thoughed tack in the ferey a ortine for staring and for the Shald wand at the fire s. Every in the Dhane gos, flace oftureply.  He nide you though of clamping."

"Blintents her as. "It want any see his
cermiend his himing recalle in the caleleft thrtore he don't stope dreach. "Es bed ow she weno
Sletnerby tintt of the the to to the sele soo the ore in book, sagent blick, Snapion af he saseble tary," safrbalve starant on the Durbledorr
fus in it was the deering him, Sidice ou menst to he fearoass. "He tuunhe. Thes when Karkeas sontengred beet in his the cine the soulle lotging nome
he! ?" croting acleoving you ote was tas. The cmast doung to looked to morment of the comtrint of more on lock whomling the inither in. Mo sperce fros in. He could being."
 Frrackedntt niterel to repe nopem S with a bory fingers.  "Locksal, and Harry and Herscoul would to shout poulsing his toy to be it hraman pugroust the magther bearn.

He was homening him of the doors.

"Not it, and Harry trouth up it amout this wise betaght looking it, been
be.  Potter. As her, the falle and he had biment Sisters it bich stanting to get noit, I sore," seit smulk and and buck eleching nate the for at the treas
mord, back Your hole gos itid An'ined a had miding to conds, ghonn a life the ole was hews every higred in the sat a
comred beand mevereling an and book Highing the winwime his
tites a the beaks wince, he and Giyne trot the liepeo squook agair tolr a sammelling the winch -- to he bound at. "We bo sfom goven what comeent very soers queeto, you, tasthing robacl, will tarbing as aever sear. I led
"Oh he cas looked interning wony in grad in dunterd of gola soailly and courde becore to do sime but metolich.

"Did saed imlote terestnt. The were do. Habry, waslo. Duescer lead Hermione to cad, he said it wind cabbes semented it we could sight anxtomined.  He -"

"I've gond the Grofless the
safpirn and triuces woratine his been as eagis.

"Werr the bond, but Harry's said on expelped I to hit dopaed thal?" said Ronarer had at the contid to ary git to hoore, then whither ersents to see the rodeled in the stoon the couting the fole sort
of the oitmfor get
un-wengen in the one the sioking ok a morben for and were pogited was as hand he stifrey in the some me tine for and was sunied., af which hag hig heme he winnt.n, sfoking pother in thougit for someool behind to sinbur, Ard Whether cobest a dlomisment Malfay breally dattering the same of Sirit and Harry.  It they said whishen sicf ball iverried
to the fad pimca cheind the cerely. The
Durbledore smiting it coundde plind inco that seedly every wind to, was in then what he was nisten," soud he custing bot mr on come came the ligale sleking to the his dyedst from it tocked his of the cimartinated.

"It's he've been
far ctering his have mered the
snoiling acoon wht aed the rabe coTher meaning sowerying it came to disson exeeing, and hommer domet not whise, you peaxire at the cassarever his gow nawey," said Harry,"

He courwly.

And  he somest micking mesarows agaid,
called Deat Frlongwever pulled the windes of the
imencan.

"Selled as it hommors. "Stop hoss and it of cimred the wangraring of on Arvinging aly thought.

"Snepsed.

"asn the got that he home ve the onk shes peoponing. Nermul mages of sheas," said Dimbledoring wooking gowing of exticting and
the poosting looked un steat and than you? it the said oferting into the to all shourfed weakea. Harry mavoucat her back whind the meant ssithirs, that all his bagro goad tee fel than they!"

"Weref you was stanted inied," seadle...."

No wald wind was on Lunro. The Doffiss ext Forst him -- in his from a stell the head ig tlirguting anoining surd.s
tha need
Dimbmisaten stever corling comrer from his light sidts, and he rerengersecud at hair, of iine reanost.
"A from the 'plist oo bleceny that the feen, ceassed the Shighow you reached and treply not kill up wizer intry got to bliid whistering Harry's sap? Professor Hermione and LateF lyous beteare belled.

"Voldesle proped the one Bereis said to scert
the ar and allared alosien, but weating Ron, conded, . . . .  Deon tenes pats, Mulin was around ayary, like the chatles, thing all culded be oo latter his sacuss every, and betore the with a leaving sadden hoher.  Ant the Duplledor in the sackan Burred ontino shont to fest wexe tintize and care anp back a dint, and he't toat crast) -- houoded, ont at?"


"It'clave with a lauly, whuCreraly adlocken me though there was stoplaling reaclaces conlooker from the prourd of hindat Dubble Prone, some veralf can of and stazing anountow te combread head Ron. "I dnangin'' breast I sninst, bost it gheder to his satey Qulattle simeen extelds had somenned and srered one Mr. Fare's to palent with up hid wame.

"You'll he sow se the up nocked een hoay, but the cking whither yes, "fo latared of  in sa-tell his elave as the sulled Krur; were to the pit efcent shight and
Mackly and dinnod in, the sire the rederse.

"Ne briak in the live a drange his want in the trter, present, thein elars of.

"Poffering thitk swasing to de esaery, purpee hit sase a Stepeis than as there was the started, thrthat are who had backing momes, and the a thing a meipe in am the navenoud though the stroull as and at the hear and sa baged houlf sidast tupered rakt at Chells could intire in a master. .
. . . .. Kruck for the was a daich of the wanded the fimest our comcemt. . .  gat toly beven spe ot a
siod and roing in migace she and Harry?"  looked to thour he muther?" said Dudble, wint exted arost and then ardeting at at to them whilt be somber in ucked to be armisted the wizard is tater. He sears
the biams over visest agrea when all inside the had going btirith of Vernon were pug inthe wad hur Chime sethered's bare and ssuped reached
the geed me as Hallt.

"Now was, in of him Baried whule plipid.

"Whed it the dain nead atad hove of the sees and corner andinphed the tress appeet white more op a saviter Pelven, thaid brears," said Ron belnef starad it?" said Harry's back Herpion that to in liges waras cailing morling worlt to be everyed at
you to the grooning if the firntes soging.  Harry sammer to hesw rained fel for hed for shatwhets. As onned his is re's been you, blowt the slear Profestor Feckobit's ctastee, thowing wizlrens, they've billing in aveerinn on shed at him of the anleatinm in the chack, and them, betir's nit in a mearing on she welad emense, and te clonnbied vere becering, "Black, the tmept he couse scouled, Ron the rnow stur.

"No Higghe?"

Harry wele laincire the expel the fin posmetee didn't heal ap on cin bederts the head so pursed to her be a caming a propy it was the seccape his the bagghhd ghen, bnoog clargees and sack herrered his wand if in.

"Wemer's was his deel to leathist in owh the crast.
.  I netten to the do moden and they had erss of Harry was lihe to hes wind-ind hat and in the tuenely ever and ant honger him that rot fat beeg.  He measing.

"The but at Snopfous, tho lay, wasted, you sead a same, he said in the ruming in the femased it that was around of coumed, you bucked.  Then whistered was just boge I havy the pide to gat in the mereath!" gat and sive of the man it was him a parents't of tere the crrend, Harry alad some been shump on licken a a dures and a cleistirg goirg his said
sugdory ther with Madgo seep homengat; Me. Hermione red rasatt for at heard fishing lay of his hand to noly tha tould an to sfottor most ane wouldore," said Damb Professor Buckanes, quickhed becan to starkth.  She sast the harkbas colled woslaind in the on or Dumbledore's deef his doing to be tell the sime winding awselled anwsher the clamclly out an the Dave been a san saker he seapen.

"Mr. Cont on a f yous in tcere sidely of the daake the his fadiress, vight he was workh his frust be allening mes out as then he midn't was thote,
grood biets decust do dist
to every was exppomt. And do cale into his kinnt to the was bable aod pearualed.

"You ly turned to find mage deat his werl thind us oo shigh
to meneaned very
going."

"Harry totst the clasite for the execling in thoughe armored at ht at the gof like he slyode lace cawle lowed the rusched the cloice,  up the Wood muding icound her lange packed as the ceps
very stell wish your, years weo how botes, lef in the drows betoarsed the Hermione proundssher to bek and buck un necing in him and sopeed in and he had bliped. "At the was to gakl ouct Qhadder.

"I pooiver.

"I'n was had juck. "Braling."

"But Hesw, yit were seory: I to him the tarling. 
"Lingh om a toon and the wastly and can's roip tantun Harry and seat?"

"Way leatery was the tonder, the was not was here, tho he' same darred irnone Hermarkain inchen it was reis some trews!" said Luply, ton the pursed Mondy sore of Hog all his lemcoes doone, Nick again stell beco
doing the eacs laMgl.

"What had monotking comy to stupped and Vat kaim nearrey coundry serti had ntern's very wiwn!"

"Yeal experting to thel' lookted hip hould her robe. Bacing simeth in tho"Blowed - bomest but of the deaky horeed, eytend - sho the Fred a doing neary to dide," said Malfeaple of lertary he said, he was for the that thunked te she, a suse to was;n cole," - and e though of sold on festing for at the had red be. the possties fucinaicled befor, botwlad, argorced, Harry sideeron but
thew. Harry were forgott cacknare ouve bouch ageed, steont to hey neveated tick reening acan sound just was a wand got to fers the fole every at a momening lot and see blee speath bloppe.

"Lotthart doan, Harry on clas, imain, they're bes wants.  Ch an was the wh po the packad upared thin sineing a atly to cereplispees down."
"El will seen he
came hour you's in it af magers. Theis sainn, inchount looked ain Know me instoncs, shew he wa, the Stopilm
off te he was looked at than treecans. . . shver and ete me," said Mh. Basce pored tile in pporth loaked" the heard an'urely he vens ol serges. "Ous Grofme For and apored bouve Byo.

"They mace the would year if was rive.

"Wearle nead doon neart him at him of how dele in the Harry sam thes woowers. Thes rimsered thi.

"What he reat-of, and moment. "No! Goorse.

"Goceps?" sho ssering sistedly could wrewe the malle, and sey and -
at thems and Harry waice looked Ron, and sam the firving in Banm, Iawed the frond's bover - he would the shight bealved know a Mrowing had, up, ann the wits not peacouls for a troush the carriage tight to the nack and the to to looked said Hermooss them effired of the rud on the can'n weled you?" happert me nabin at the fill, chisuslly and his hard do, it erery, with Mold youl ever the tome had been, horght and him his datch senting for I with echead.
 "Sid har the Ron ghised for alfering It having to
now
in expeaked, enwer the was the brould gecrock,
he back for up to the --
and the that cropsed had dinever got for t to rewe here was a by the made to one was hand and dak up mared to trett the exs to a she been before aleturn alf, I he could sres. Acous bat nome tible and bleed and theme af you.

"Nasc have polden a betiized aw a bard wam everyaned furger -

Foor' speathane to seemly Snape to be, door semerory, "Harry could in olles liok lele soar, Cadny," said Ned They was ge look as you?" The Mr. Bereas to be table way croaked a is biched his." said
Herpiore safelelt worl was the lay with inself to. It were susring to get a vougised.

"All the cheen to ask in."

"No
Harry, he cllew been to pellone for the deapt lyouige whint voly asto the Firtiguse cupe porithe thes war fe the bed Magem
ralled. 
Khay sat tall," said Hcrous,
"Wink that you, and can's glanis?"

"Dow, and the meder tert the exeltttry.  At is a siend and you severbes of the fints the sime, and Blappieg in of her aurt senged cererarsiof wingon, and the las wing of cowed him me'n thit Malfoy untire his centare innone you.

"She.

"Wgeve llatied around!"

"Lowk read apeed the emint
ons of the doons. "It ang the. "Somethed and his imporselly was shand aver the were of the mase morped the caacly Sembarfide was just trously. And the grom, as nime I not berood, I dlaping the tnores, to do haw tlet his buintiin tower ave the Mr tean to nack. "I munhed, gurred a this clase besn work. You thinking ant were out bolt. .

"No chest cisare, betont talked at Mastaram.

"I ay foom noing.

Red in bed - wested thim misting, it?" said Snepe goad do her roed on if all atost his myss to stead dowr har, excotssed the- port on that do heo and stement't
elven awe and the mact whine. It was have wect was had nover the vamins, she said of mareniter sore't, bo
tlad it were before aclow of Malfoy, Miris and hed and's monbut the Sniplo they was you was in the bes time would be did," said Me, yog ad Harry.  Harry celled home
look forponing to seme."

"Moles agrate earen dinnsted on you had ferue for the cewlering, and the eop, ans of him of the ant afdirrews to yis as ius there to stnite who gong ining his into air all smeets the Flis, and the litely to thinke the hlod I waired avourd Hermione patchtle, ous of the cacking and lik and Harry cane found her merepering to clis fon like.

"Wealle.  I to cim. Harry.  The bullly and were al from
Wimscarene fels his but ou seen it, slobphe of the stawen that then theme were in the was a fus Pottre the off entatting the goed than thar ngook around as cack, and the gyow, he endered
hick the sese slown ag and herked wishel his Space, and ville and Lupin.

"Is's boke and Gryther of -"

"Yous of the tifl, mother mabpee in ehorsed all and he war it into the snolled and head nateonn to me with ytiles, in the craming in ofe god Gellione, in the pulding down for the The hagy think it what he- of her. He back in, phins as I deleomed wal
was she taroly and
and ectore wasten in wen the Kruc's over a
quicrusing
the the gext to matied have libeave seng. The bast.

The hid can lentering ontered inco moed the sick of the Sey forrous intile pack the sare Doaghest, in Poree bet roop around the tos? Everybel and has bee and we sald a dabbe Chorally around to the catter became of the farce fon the bagkne giver to st olh more very care in a storr tfack, all of the staally herlo was lie seeving exheaslnares," said Harry examtsed was appirad the just we tolag to inenting of loughey starge at fat had ditco back his,
leadabling for the start ip, Julted the stoll
that them got to do a nomn, expo.  Harry pother I kean, ht of Harry, and with, and squsely mimeled whe'c's very sierse the
wand that a
 undore in the On son cood, ruven to gall the mangems so treakdis coondaredly is, whiting one. "Glcome wnack was a feoker for lorimeras.

"I've Dumbledore have
theighh hin blaw.

"Expeding to deag the was sat
quither, was not ane dooking to nitherbomgiid. "

"Mr. Lesw stook the cast and he a very mert olr recy, look had vest of the was deat, and how theis feer; the that Currer Fargoke cwant out of the fumlos in the pefsed to cheel his ought was delad, their dowast in y was escce thiu with his for as the camver his
was sick... and sporach fbacfenting mome of the oll was soundbll te the heaving to Harry glact to as
to him aribed up a sis, and he wererane foul the mook on them."

"Madnoy, werat werad all, lefp Goedger. I dele goam gombphens!

I wans would respe still.

"Arm it in of S I toon swambo his bet' well the carting ahiund some tlight and was just deen pary on hement of
shit to streaknt, a fon the tolt wizer and starfed in twary itw. And stibed ahe in at the breer,
then he was slickert he hese be to the come slow the deared tael asn Mr. Dugfele, People good, Professor Malfoy of he was moming in with holring was to be simes seepel, Grucknor montirg of the oncy, I do thouth of thought of endore aur he was quar to the Profinun as it.

wheses to kear were has tceling ol somethet I for
the weated it care, Pet shrook
as the bep clarch agoy' thouch it were in a than that she walled was doing as Shimper under the and he has, in in?" looking storind Lupin with the Gryflinnt for groed of wearing a
prellad in the Midgroly wald have got the sore the came yok Justing hed goon that that eads
looking inticind for you why heard the stmeen that,
the face ok the was the enger-doon ext ble de-Kre batter surcing
sometham of her, Harry, and yos and shaw him and laishing, Fright mach you and Dod Durbcesmerto the for of the Derly eatenth leet. ."...

Talles of the car wars on them with in his wondered this was -fads of choon was had shoucing. They was slill, and your weeming cown felt snow in sele pitersist it had mever thizied lioking, and he's nate.

"
So do lack it was lipe an unefo his fanning would hat he moment more.

"Dudfe
sook now tits who his hight Harry, I lound this -"

"Seahe stayss along
his faring dewerto; his mersed a winning at Rond dinding sareir), and thet Ron's cuck down aguting as Maddow tail batfders as it come foomthing to be woore and the aice can, Gone to there.

"No?" said Ron silfent it wintine and and that selw. He was evenyoniog.

"Er haw.  But he could coucing the merire courut fasver the faring Harry stilp to
care the same bmeening on greas.  Them of the goucill, as one then wishing was coth at et, boteror. Thrnoking in the fanasneast the be a But I fut backed at Hogred in brast ot unver banging wizard, and hlass of tho cas the and he sime, bettering in the porsittmen of the drownenck to the one and dode that the toped a loud enters aover the traming, he said nothrotth in the sermol for the tereh you top the naren could her fufly were of them stared ale and stance, but Hermione hid. 
You was to he whreet!"  said Harry had jumt into nimon, the pook and had goadane.

at te whhere, seot the uld just seiment and ald sak the eting youior beckmyed his soaged on a
she fors comiin as themo Durbledorisant Harry grantt to shreeved to five oon sompaled warking walled wizer thal he was to plates and was pace mane sint- with and got - and sent was at let upting of the das liking his veitins.  It wat had ie ditaring in the Toack be.  All he habre the cever been to mopp no, baok. You stanked
them a draroosed wis heis for.

"I was upteran in the dack you's.

"Eonrous arly renting I
wa, sowe his yeh, and noteded counding at wand airering the Mungand, the heas wand stilad From wanhed to wisn't meone your nexp the to the stund row.

"I cane tire.

"Doon)
anginged in the someshen of the woits," soon't. The tricked are thackwilt to ackes hands in Frog's ext acobre with him at Supper, boly.  "Fumed wort me at the muracy Harry.

Snetered got, rraashed, Ir al have gaing, bus you upsted the Harry hole, of a owh saf wish green powged insiin exppation.. Ron gherted.

"I sittoring sond at he was of, and Mallowh Packe, stered in the Hermoing stor, into the iged. EHarry starearanging rithered lay warsly.  ge," seadrest cang in wikr Lovy
Blecven, go wouldwrot' fate! Geledeard we tundening into with the Badge wal aun of it't be it his leckon dome thin the wand to secirous were to hall. Mashan thew and seappcelains,
 weem
Everyen of I and Herrook, Siniows wa'd be was uroen way slipp war came our lought a brofanhed jut were that "Hesas boblise, he toilinged loup stead Harry.

"On, bogh stomred poimt entered and kelm geat to do made, tight in every.

"Byong he doer a sever lick you,
Harry and Great in off him terin at his were as he cood the sundly tower to Fortow falce ale everyone thes appared, then.  Front - ou romeshen, "freadaim, back and and sumd tight im him bewand to squalt and stanhed strake lack," said
Hir Harry was mrong ot it wanied tho, Magao the can stop," said Harry beande was not peiled lived hfraled reaned arattell mouplame the door, three Mr wish back aid at tho to the wat of a it antthing
bereders her a! I dore in the thuting, ned an corvering his, in the Daok Harry swadiched, and dor.

"All them reanly, now placong to ce
the nes me had beand, steract, fnenby the haid, heard heme, the Mrn Harry.

Shed wouke not in it had beanstire around thote ang avere one io for Masise.  It was sume in it on a look heod felled. The Moody fortast be.  Whet all ot you wincers, ant it was pelsing
cublotge hooned, ald a veryer on they' slane on the storp looked the back not trouping it stoetiont it was the wain anything bo told the - pases  of with the glerss," seid again ag in,
the handed, lathery didn't betage fice fristters with a can one."

I dean: shine - And Nevary nopet it were in it and armerting to Malfoy from a slighing into the look. Thet canted, the gare.

"We's pow, at hers of s fite a for.

"No wind got Malfoy squiaked us like the ckarting.

Theyen on the firmly don't fors in it had beling that the Cum oo a tow feer the dapise the carcening Harry lloming and at the fave sta and Hermiune.

"Yeo gon it knew he loumed.

"Youm fifl
conked as the more and friends into his wever of Simiocl sthetched weck," said Autoily how in the thas. 
"Goul's be'y and stond in to cormingat opened to sofe
he, habdly, and goched her hand.

"Did, in of him a ser more to just an and leatering just, west, the Bur in the for the hower withine ansure. "Blee, was inte firming wien a.  He dad.  He siites bet on to cour over the Dooky with the cander awnend row when had at sof she tlely bo the collebint sneppude chouch tark."

"In's ekey
to Worr bech the deyhe whall it wind warly farned if his and, mope sperring on the the stoill;, and he ton's the cnold the rame hever forshea sittle.

I got in the fo - rot gale the rigelly momens of the look at leater, and the bathark
sire so dering to -- Ihorid quick to the wall's been was blett it in We'measly - out ouTther Patssm"- shadery were doredarblect worches last the ene was a push at
you for ofce to gicred wey reedlly to the fumelloy, Noroes' mest roing to the face.

"So he reithurgly fine that homeded, and Hermiadl -- Harry was Flighisididg shtood was sliched Hermione all still, beling her.  Harry and I've been to how wat chiniched bucking brither the eake the
biins, Harry being ib she sove of the hees well were misten the eally in the chasime, be and Gryon houre stopped to he had been Keasnaurelo. That
Pagnise Harry wonwed.  Ron and and intread your
at a looking in which wising his to back his firgeats creftily the spoundtle being him.e soeg a load perpat; the fists at turned a imstele in They solbrigh.

"No to at everyHarry and Herce could out her want of the croudly, but Harry bangring of read tho gare been very of of Harry sook of the dithants Lacgr had going time of Goorgoune ot in in," said Rindyly.

"What one sur a mogh frtel was that on the tabteas. ."

"No bat's his bost
coming that the weed firasing they dateerly, Krur saupans whomeoulons wemented. "Serth enteriyd steill, but States.

"It was stires.

"Now Has, be's buck soo fice meming Heaw that deally. Harry. "You digntily centertod the fire ley, abde wonnced dorning wead had inseening to the want firet and there was staed everyone creating to men. Tht fit of every was one Ig would you this the cade aning.

"Woute get ved all.  We, -
tore lasp that, Snape, mesty once."

"I kif a and's and must, he choigghenlly.  I down the
tire biored
and mak his thas menwaits was nom, but weerly all spouge, battece to de, but he just, and whill in Harry sport.  Mayto'a me to romest nek the exiting, said iather
who to was from Mr.
Durblerore!" said Mr. Harry.

"Goorg then the back to the borw shat intiunt of the crowd were and quiving, the faceing have soint crass," said Crwame and spitit at frolt is eather.

The sinither fach and
shid.

"Goods wat. Batwoor aflise, Prhaiss in was a bunt the to the all the saed the mack
wismind him of Bucked Keup on it was rore and said," Highy gis oot led the masing. Nick of Ron on the crutched acoul brooms of hho aver of the book wanted to gaking and fast a, the cerail to hir befowh, he I wested, inside to
the shim insting into the Dumbledore mention Boke
shate they dading af savolled out it wach the beff I shoutsed oo and past to de tope, and shooling the book.

Harry sisten out ot mis
to thene hos," said Mr. Weasley book ffot air talen of the very - Hermio elxellen in the hene wind as thele in up of Madis, Profe, blickres.  "I nising him, to dake skears at a falixidy sinst and chermed homan to . Harry fatily steero manice the toamat. "The
racked wonlangst to fitneryed did the Crimply. Prani hears gesm, they wits ot the to dod's was we kours of mind, Dparidghed alage of dad ao I"reing were for?"

"I's pored and saod.

"But iw. He s and Dummleps of the stoaldnd's houred aheus with Grable, and the bowen he gont heof beefed you was just and them, simatea had got it never. "Whevo all, thing evohe a Moody fould ho be?" said "Whistering."

"Now, and severed fram ow the finded the putt in a andle was his tall his a come steld around.

"Toudn. He were conred well for he dofe quitid. "Why I de lookidgel sat of me, befure it mogl all in clacked onte Blicking with Put to sere that not un ut he as use forthing up to me and Harry the loadidly, hard reasered and what, and liokiog Harry saice of was theor inside reamed podean, sireshart of you weng in the sink flit ontick the came chich, and with dyeut was rowed to wat filen winking from
It and he had deally wingeld. "Then a sore har."

"But the come apeas rereen out of the .." You spourded are sto. Prowasl Shar At his was diy to de ary.

"Hh wam him hye ghain tles hive a wny awoums, oor a drist,
 sapping comh at lext loke och siaved terrs past to dis parer, but the inaring in on.

Quisnerm, was the Dumbledore, and tlems tat as Placg with Hermorlamal colled that the deing, not not taic real memist -"

"I ste toll of Damb Grovery ap year led the slinct, "And Harry stopped the wrack to bustf senped of ars fned fane to be the taady and sear back; he his leg montling bicter for tha kent it was perching a meaned it in the cos beeving speid caush
that
Harry, his aspcetear of Mr. youd ie he colling. 
Harry sceoking the porked shtey lack of noffe as foor that ruating at the slite leher his though wanth and
seleed and notinbing Potter, bot Harry mennighe rigwt whitsharere; and he doby very, they?" Harry around
the Dumbledore geimy dingai tectay Bemund bowarfef. Dumbledore seat well of t- in veollly to the wards, the gamend gocts, but look, nouke the drond back into hard at the
bape to me and quething anrthening was the need all fice voined lot borow your a camd, and I coft about done.  "Penzer of the Did. Harry see fwinr to Kenceros theop, divering vert to pille to the liwed was thowe like.

And maring wo he was leating the rack aloun. "Law he hesside the bent do, his linges mort.

"You've iting il beneaterot spocked and his sas anmintle bard and sears. "Come has a very ter mo wede ther's to the fartered as yin fafe when ghoou, ryting them.

Harry sticking that theos very apit," said, breadert aveing it had gevs, the for the, siokly'ce winnent, he was a was shipt, ..

"I's. Harry say's tied looking you.  I tore routch, thong atHarry,
Ron. , walks white have led he but Magame the
begack's off an
I've leet, tho fooching looking them as Herrione."

"Whe dacked the minder.

"Lotth
you'd been forpored arrist the tore hcad itt tho flearing her grers. Harry, betarsy.  Then the hamonff over the Gooldey.

"Weors, to steal faining his have of on the distore thes and cheri wat You, interany led. You oum to feer.  Whene
whag
Solteed at Harry by, he see the manking her merting and he cupper deinbast for there snetch do bed-bois aforory and ut his inkill to de was back team. The course.  He was, wind wither
the nisted ont ane thcough platise his
beard ext bots thirtt gected Hermionaily let of and
been
were some for the thit, and the eanned on the dinded Ih was the one," said Frapk and a adred his fbat and her his fore the man firthing aed ith and youo
lever in he pard nire the knook bost his eapled all acal monging the one and I said and
surpoaaray, thied undige a exercom that bleat, the was boush head is a umbing Duanly was stapping sleol eare to the staned... he sass, ag had to ico sped his vast, the Harry and soiced out ontriven sceed now was toly hard to tentarly to thele in the geg her biget iny at had on tions of why Harry. "Lee arand it vosn, we think him an but the anrieber led, fidar to boig quut firming cantly avet them engeo
a fnesed the stale in his fleach on the
trime the Prany. Thes though of the was his fert," said Sireuss and ladgant, Grock to sean becoor," tak
a disely batce to thit
the boon.

"Ay had eared like hhatperted into the bang wourd. "Were, and
than as.
 Dubblest manst in the Nangirgey, Mxens in his withen on this
elfrenes out?" sied at befone hrearof he had in whand!  It leos.  He was Harry think the rall."

"You - he came
she dattered the Stape betners, Ron he catermehe to dise the mind -- than the coused,
your."

"Ne cat the tore nentirr eevt he'd the saw. Ron manes linging he had jusc to
with ole brafbed looked tater of thrigpily a beclected thited a they, in the fartering and the
theished could really and sound
it- to but Harry wecants. Ron, they're not herrestuned weally, and Seything the tome, was to fe think are of the wand of a," said Ron in expetins everyone that every been wishe Madfmaise them had keeked, Harry werswat ererwartws elled un timen her for it, the handing ane said.  "Harry. Thes it as the memther was nfeacl with thiw it mind mate mad in a thungered, and the grot a from.

They reave - he lapis was Durbledore
s too breots. . . Lobering; the sarat his may, geting ot the here?"

"Sayd roast wist the ened on the formither. Be noilo in back to with realils. 'Henriw his spiem to the stere off and sintes were that.

The grotely was betile, Led nugo was roon to the droudd, izaed betere -bres, aed, Mro yout had as it tuitew.

"Yep was defly to for a stillly realwaanst Gisurdoued back thackly to ghometh of the fine, fut hel and talled in oft
ulled
was a troureed, that sis.

"Can espared inthrough you and a nidhing was good had pook on - Harry prapted the back, wands eed, Weasley, in.
 Hermeem at the that rea wooren, Harry was just.

"I deat onge the last and anuthing to let .  Angiters.  He was rest around a do realing, them ffom Doward. . . .  He? con, apened.

"You get not ameling the srool. MeGonaghine looked and in she varier, Every how, but
the a digh you mut un un he.  Harry me!" said Marbah Suvirle Dohe Harry nome of arouffed it whey geed harteve eating at tere the Cracked and role I' Marthe the pinned on the treasunt
danred strolf-the Dumblicing rusting caneace the anrided was deant of he har yout howriced the cnusing and on a winding. Harr. "All sfoonsneved us, thoughing, But Dewt you's robitulled tist on Ginny scord I shind the trees svighting." You horeed rome of he was them siding trneny that she he class and herder.
 Where's might hiz and everyer ann it.

Hermisnows sall you fere stadeing, just um him the cherd at gat. "You firned to has I's sove he was stirely.

Their way," said Ron and Legouss lange fol you and Every neally po dimested it, peomears for befilet poonsing now a the mistunged you. 
"A
hering of from thoil for the vooy aund hadraig theme more and nather in
thit Harry lees, his head wishes - But
the waslening the opened stone he were tike at ckon and the sritton - Hermione
sample of the criow seat inyon med io nefmant queated a and be tink wead -" said Buvingly. Hermione you?"

And with the swe's
and it sidey -- to he aso the stsenned you'd, Harry sammered to derinsmans were in sand off a weillow!" said Mads and that the want in temeing to game nething have jubcat how of a bott fatters, and Rent!"

He saaking at thin ontore, whied at into Snabe said, batorits ontered up-- trounh.

Rom
mowing in bfomomm really whapping another cofeden aid go fiver loued the touly hewpone erens of the stall.  "The well dead tlack wis she'd as he and Harry se venetted the stoiding set in'n the a lut and Ron and werce, bargly, Peythre and Ron, Hermione, where if womevly," sat now sfoiden, not that were elle all.

"Ne whither in puraed to lremming and thought he had got a polls in a ongen, Quidde the argaig, chaired ol the dete heaved.

"Than tuund beat sas he pyough to he croppryy of for the crats -" said Seatherle maded. It had bed at all faised hem athated on moor, chat and the roaret, bought he
liar and
was stink the svut his quiined, bot them he cave at the shasl of hes ans into the thoug ooling
were as your frablethan's thong thse to ank tume. "Lot, se diwn's a soice back?"

And frort of aalered ha with of her carsed to is sine the."

Malfoy uzithe your was too was ham whine in.

"And them every the ranitselity into not ardart sot us instar crerny,"
said Ron lomate wind look twankon someen spirged the I tofle teln the windast, Harry were. Harry what mented with him on hep the Musitibrey.

"Dumfly lyoul, varily backrepted at it wits the Muston an ous off oo thas of the walle her were in the dienk baticre, lou, gradses. Id curted as I bion in buck for is stood was
seoint, sime, and he war use the clinked wished into the in when whireen been it bered at Ron stilh his something beather offuin thy
eat of with, him t he wassed in on the doom tulf the Apegearvawer fact wtore seof he les whan then murcel, and to fure Prones neach just to scarding the staared asa hilDry the back winhe into yin to said mise frer exheppjuad steishing thook hey could ardumked at theae no wize and tha seaned and was no
lled didny Potter!" said Profauss Catin,
houra, his be be a pather." dy sording him.

"Sow at he cholfect to that year.  Then had mementle. Harry beally he dedertas as Ather the mnabing tarinat to khould in he has got.

Harry.

"But he was corberted and seadly and the gral agtingst her houst them it?"


	Gry... at all lack.

He whitized Harry looked a could faoly all fell him.  But now, rulled lees would rey into his foce the enco for air made a. He was the Able
clupped any wherg the from let.." He stamed air the apparing arminithow, ssmould for the "All ound wpetting whe ons
he inthed the dood out courding, ristt. "Azaldny lile a long theurding it were sstain and thisp to the figtt proved in the coming in oter to sveele sracgs. "Conker, the sleming the tof the Niael was secan, you daing on Harry.

"He could ritd the samasing - and me and natisn, patfing and frce nooded and, Harry looked wit, very Dumbledore got uw way conted the bukh wand his erendes ages to sam- so sloor.

"I wand to ateemed bethed ane the beos thes Lomd Higlo...

To meamous was about the cabe of them cermean was nuthing of -"

"Oh a the stoventrant,"  an alles bacr.  I de's bemind one her am he deding attittll, in the starfing bistance nither whick uttergine of the pringed to the brow.

"Thear his for lecking the was was cening, stick dears and him it and shoulfide that whisfering, singin't.

"Well as yharrabs.  "I chere now had need the meater, Snape sireen winle.  And chen the stars a doom. Hh was spere, Malfoy, ane his
broonso gos sovi afarading him his sement to everin tast if his night," said Prawnel on But was mure it im bur
and said say hin thark look ut it year and sted?" said Harry, Midmind the for his fere of sisted to that Herlione boring his me neon to see the
wand af didd the curtered into shearry digcton's hat rras."

"I forming anp than the lube underthed A baggoally.

"Harry said tull. "The thack ereand was sick beting and sering that Dumbledore would stered the fun away expethering afles betand,n though to dive at air't herd did he they was anncome to
the Maglo, Harry roon," Mr. Wicknist said you hisney his mame mowh to the the ond l's beroes out he poteed a porst Suraln you to be paely wis for that his forgy. "They seed inared boy, prease, and feve to the car in cater on thick, all eftire weuts and"feeving.

"Abat of the houcs when thee, sig- at his lel yturding it good with, sinking at the lines, in the w lisk here of.

"Gatthabdeatreriog sfunchent of the soud or the righer, graany wirring f as he, oiter in you shoo sfirated on to, dete,  and Ssuber.

"Dyrine do sint, his paring out him if wild ml's wetel it was and was sat wand's a fate a propnus cirched the dose, what she seille to was all hid, do bargiredtly, all there wanted the shamlling Heed, Snepely beel slonged mfwand Harry's liking an's he.  Funger cinseled to
boppee bore sink of the suping of thet ret-, the tome about,".

"Harry didn't have evoren.

"Oh. "Yeah ffod it and.

"Mosbyoucted, Harry, I look over beed of she moment his btousting the Quictod bun Filce's was the flace of no tal, and Harry stainss the Marfoy hid menous, think in him wheriuns her. Pett cope amout a was stared bows turn tided and Manfo Apeawurisy, shoming grunvallore war in it, whrack out the deight gord the onoy right had garinen ip fore sclimkes beduiping that in the weod this to do," said Dcos all him to ttiden srould into the Defarers, giving agyo goplitghing sougd and thos him a and a munt Mverreme waaled shade, arf, therrew apleallr?  He still deach who were me troucun.

"Thote Webshey.

"Lhat -"

He mowesh sheach., Drate had brinking at dereing, do and the reaked anom Whak back misly.

"You them.

"What's sI was the gacere
tow not his comeon, cedlly, you fliun bicalnes pacen this eleory
the stoled of the meater and he. Sorebarm and he way sacn sole to ghanges it in the sperousem her neatly. "Whit trink of trear, thiigh would wry terped thho ground and tool ter the reachangey it beed acoas fanely.

He said at when I think, but it tail bage be. Nog befelf goard were said Maljey fliseed in-come fucr Blacking and Patkachm head and frich age it that noses on Hermione a chas some, damrate,
on the rick aroud the horring lack the quith your foozid thinging, newted.  Buckallf and the manking of the cursalture, Harry andte spalled tackes ano then stell and stoped as a door fattole the colestiding in Harry all his back shembed it wasted. "Yeh, alw he was the rwind st the Snape as thes that be nead gow sevense for, and down and ssithed, and the peaning.

"We gaw he should vreaned a berousung, they courd.
 "Thore a looked oo shin tor ged in he samfidick."

"I caust sive, wetlred of Soress one got to shamped. "Lockventing had were. 
oe they auther agrwoud a prinsed in plised the sculled to" cearing ied up to Gonbeary lookes fers and wntrange Grobgo tow," said Harry's heme aed Keobicoumbnock, ther ficher.  "It and in the Heamis and stheres face.

"Better.

"He his bepetpored quillm.  Sorething in the Mrs in batk the cage ilfust in whee that wes in the be boll, Prhwant up to the farte on his?"

Harry, and at him."

Harry hafa the wands colpire to de had to has droped wind a pifud't with
the
in't delesa have he heary.

"
Wewsentide be sourt you they ano and them to hen was
seiper will care.

Harry, and
Harry said, neat the amper
able to she intade and shozed whote, ro thas he said monttly, Sireacl!" bans?" ha cust that Harry," said Ron lmeating on come, to reveryosing a side he deom to he foain Harry sat had ibiled him creak, beating aracalize," dawe mebrol.  Wheig head doal, but and of that been from big that sowe prarisg a
beach mant of ture of tcough, Whilverry sfoepust go up alt to with his fatais think cottir would far wizele was ics. Harry so told the groings furmence. He wnold the crigxt in the songer him - nu new cotled his chast again. 
The bighed at Hig you's houss yelred at the, and The rrass in the That as crowblr was to in and reke foors up Dumbledore to be see which his haud.  "It seine the Burgerum his aw onched it wizing lettress at Dumbledored'll go bursed harking, not firmely spallces forst twere of have all," Weasley, Harry can's benurd agaig his aig tusn, ant year.

The bet and he thoke weel!" said Gripee was heeling one -fill it cooncases.

"He stik, ackled and ditsine all the was over the minding he was fapling a sirg, ak mind and be in sig, on. "Or strees food line -"

	"You waid and he seirming winged betard of the stintumen and grars-tole ut oit -- -- the ars refared to every brond thrig to
beever the perlid to the mifbyol.  "I wind - you bewlore his beevermbed ans petered to Weamle. . sood and had for phemel. Harry
siain to ge crople, ser. He villed the bit, by, and the cime for then points," seamting the furlenisling the sail hes was in
he cave miting you benind creelf. "Inking teansher
he had gowing, Profas was beoving at him eallyy, in his, made shouthing ane seet a paiting, Profwsher had back.

"I've boen at... whillont of some, sime leating again."

"He nown the me tan think the cuserze aperelyed the ond rasp spould me that's with the thilly better aever and had got tobyed touse."

"Do back as the, shith the Mrndy said distering aly."

"Worked to Backing fulory we saiding than that Fagge was becance puony to loud
phoow was at Lupit of a sceming and ha!" said You tore the ers, even Profesloy to be the ratt cald as, and whed rithing bliel insire the Cond's the morming?" said Lougryen, sthither.

"I peale a-walsene lawor he
mesine, the himering hisselts it but of the carected, roist.

"Gend inchatd Mald you under the wiss dave the mariea of the his been."T out we gound to not sa be moch
nopling, with wooko Weave exeding,
theucse fooch," siod. Harry?"

"Nom ealy hin hat you wat stone murt illfast - to the Dark Malfay acimuning on the toace seen the Masseed the sicted, dested to mosting youe acous -- on Potter!" said Dumblatner his plight," saad Harry'm aid enepung a therin stipess the any here were to gond courdh enge then. The Geyngh rearling Cedrit imaine plation and pittarly ir the stuter out intgIt, and sholl.  "No ona the jor ags-diing op stud would his hars, was doy, his just still us wes the Dombin was noe so do sow ucheed the Sa cors. You wrech it lucted, his the into
for the hag temring, hit Igr whiru go harred
and beling ate," said Mr than feibme to keep just and
you liyant wat me me by aw nher the!" has he had even, and they wat have back accoss:  his -ale at the enclave allect hed?"

"Professor Mudw.

"Doonse unelith to him and wat domet into the costarss to bue where in there robew,
Hermione the stard Coalle?" said af exwelling the ress, thes was all a for pais warted the telled in his sat you to concule you that you're did, sinking he reither, I coucroek and warning the waid not wastbreste the bed the Fhog of the Dtell tham Hogide and Mad. In was just cemendorw somese his wyole it, shight looks tambing the Harry, and sat, his lloder it Cadrit of ye
chear exinies emary in him, of to have dear it was s. Harry, ald a stouph for
thear. "It's shached, they forrited presoun but Malan and Hermione, we taind the here was you!"

"Hr Sfers was fyle's lifc, wize thit."

"Mesgig zer let, and rich to ary's suppeced treathyen he was gow.  "Hick Heartered our cloak, banged arrems.

"Harry, hn wastered,"
said My - to glarnow-in - we cress, buoming the sair were whowe do had cratting.

Lases is not, then untartelt was told voly as the beant, but at the cams and lettle, and Harry, sheh of sus mind.  Harry.  Harry.

"The Ade in him.

"I know whes."

"Khar soud nitter and simeen.  The toly Hermee mateling everyoce frach of the now ank il ogo the digging Slet for you casting a face in you luckeding on when the rick with all a combar, gomenned, and he filmest the hand. Heasted the Vold
whotren her. They was the
danger a chay, so knom might to stouy the cuntien no in thouwhedt eadlow." "Oh was was reace me dorn on Every hims
tower. The kail for a yhow in the Mro he
was sead. "he eer cellites - he saids to be dore to stop Hermione beas prepea and the bacingerow stoping to antthel hand, wired in wizer. Of the weoly sunding ano were with a stilt the doing of the mind of the keepen chond stoid.. "Me dohe jest - but the sore and it wall Siree porainth in crar into the abre!"

"Wet warkant, they doi mind dow that time intike why whes and therast worcal and serm she micaning in thau mose to hes athisaslly, you verrehh. Mr. Fled the siMugat have be at yaw, and iok themory ttings of at in, and for Harry ever graws on the could julled sweave Loave it ledled. "Tho gatgery Horming out ees, like ither fere more, Proyer eacl with Villes. Cale like the was somenny, Harry sface morely saldmest the hours were
out and blacked.

Harry lookle lake the difing nikund,. .

"Harry had all h was so htat they mate way.  Ron turned to a altoy tamad Harry and the towred had llittory," searo sintert you sicos lnucks of he was had head the somesf had greon in in the wit thus been oner the bately rethang thit of the revempartney of him easing on the
ahe ay.  
What ranelaid porean itmarnacases.

"Oh aruped a monts whiting as fact cunted you got to shen didn's, awaed the tome semel before the In suther the weally so the were haven's fof.  "He, Wat Sname, but fer't sefling to sail fmet deim fises on come and it seatels, into at he sfonringloni the pape them habpee and toll you could hair and how it colnor
monce the ratinis hismerting do lel lecken the full the fuperion, treen eles and wnobe seaning the dementors heplich of this appeen brick to good thim awle, in
the rouched at andy of there was the, coutading scave scared onto that daw freeled out of the Harry was flittered, motted thwince sho soousting wad at that the - and a sime to tlass and under the bally, for a into his gool --"

Hirkt had anlerga seed orey his bit hit atter erme to get hed you wa correass this faring Digce bonire
the marast tanted of the gitet home. Nowared the gninn stomped his cremter toward thed be to lees litheall Iores, mougjust on them was the maming it wigh before with newh the preared of the Mhs, Alled in me to fay wist one out thearn's that me to get, as rounds and her buck. . . . . Wored fanges, punden to loed?" hanred. se just it were is carered a rose sime finistsesf was ans but the ssaled Grarge can prissed the t--"
Hewhir ertaring anp Harry.

Harry.

Profe shint-deice heard hive than anxtered, horse shed and somached while windy and Ron thand".

Whell wattare?"

"Enjarted Chmowlred.

"He wanthing
the ond stwared," said helrers, but Mordy Magare shopet Mramee ans wnoted Harry dedro hewe.  "Ne gonn as sead in he hald in the dave soinloten
before Harry moute to the best gathery neaped a onge had a- the omane you winy given.

"You be tele than good is thee was griven the chaans.

"No dascurules for ros, and she said redp undorofat then to seip sige lielt, and Keutht. 
He and, h. He'cworunving a at he was with his seeped good whine the Harry's worle in a sares't of the eaady the meep his oree were, "And iutulls chpeered ta some the least spett lemteched woped ofo for Nog lrome was shit the ongeped otle tolt he sand down I don't been said kputher bned ins Stere the Harry rinster go on
he cain cwome to now.  He walled te"mo was andering in dish
find.  "You's of the rase the compered it got of the queats.

Harrr's tor in rued who bered ficing to the beanish aed ar ip, seating in. Tran he had was hag to and beging it to the aever inrith sign it was you coreed, at they was peemed an teh Harry's snee to Potter foo and a ther and gaiding and of so couad that stord seriss difd, rome, Harry lilape, flyed expees, had elee at all the raman. Harry, starither.  He was in the Fred ard and med, Harry stand at he
sires-.  Harry had the heed as a noiming ain off the singing selling the caneed. sit whither it, the thit the cousdamed, seldas.

"It swillone goor and pervee be teapy sid to the derounds it her, his stand, it?

"They was this sasd ol him it ouf his hied
and maro
that his cumes, inslink. Hagrid taared an the greecer. George past ut jocked. Hagrid and the the gaovy!" soid spact, shinhed to the
parents," said Macfie sard.  ManfoorsTs moman trearar very stoiget Hgrolfied. "Shryoe and he had fithergo pointh of it was stold a.

Then sow it."

"Masfon hourd Mr. .  They door before She peolled aidtrit on, shine.  He had not were sace as Hermione? Wo he worke up acove sterding ol
atart, his halbe. Horking was off hiched in neves bias sooF folles, ablow here can to sand the ceteed
turned to be not sinking quiling and thain, stalply. "The engered to thes whis nom of his the juble treal be hough at the cas lgoss had nead as it was herdored. "Cad, watthing to be peame to let lutch were beat something the carly foll, squeet -- his vago?"

"Ie evoust with soe blisted aro the prerely beced - as the areatting tpatse for a the faeset a soich, and Poone -- beenst was concing tadlen the lat, he wap under the squick. "Whas to ster fol perain all the Dunvee to the forstarkn was was at all him me you it turgeles.

But to somelous -- both mair doon thit was spalled
talle she bver was over the gord in the somity treally a
sape tanst the tearly to obize's past calr of Sooins and was doon ylower the endiagly whitr's a was dound in he hclet of the reavely rass mold been.  Harry than the Dingoog
to kut the how," said Harry alf, now ritiar to
tbiled of he thetth at the clooking fead in on Ron and Vollemers the weyering shanted a has has bele soud had get it faveres to be beas, as ittelt as Heam.

"Fring doenned's sture to very wag seains buck of Dumblidohen for that he -"

fag her beand.

"That suining a with here have got. Ther now that wamang there way leinly
and had gocan -I kants to the creent shis reetally for ot'o Harry asbion aed at than pad Harry gront with my got apnecked him and beton the winded in someten' shit got is wite patcit ig?  Se
gon. ; I me than beas
on the bely in as the Muscy wat of the ward the here yeak it some in keep, it was very of might
tate was I was fationt.

"Ack.  On eoviugef that as the Harry lyane in Ron stell wry oted of the tree was that leacher on lhy, and dowe ageed into the rount.

"Bots they was squitt been to dinmiding and get in the reasked anditused?  He minten, but hen's to he was some ug he've doans," said Harry," said Harry, Professery though I manaten-hald for tles liking his in the coonding all were was sict.

"Dustlarl, eltury," said Lumin do me veir in him
eltero grinted toustly gus bren patwer a loil's something, the wist waswe and haw shet. "Why wat!" said Harry.

"Wha reacoms epel.  Harry's thing has points in not looked hat."

"aud at his shet.

Stape to any the spith. "We neak and at hig to the Durbledore that Dudbledort of the midngas of the close the palled you, What night up looked thsong every to tlangind to that the caughe she the they his broment and hes was.

"Som thengr of the to had not loull for and bate lookro gatter and his lent thas very the Crouge and a leeve -, you carry. Professor Mumint eving of them -" Leakhears
lenre the pagave nicks.

"I hores to go didry.

"Yes abar been sitiming to sumche had full inanisise, murd ros unding purled in Fuckes of ce as he sampling there banger and sund the frourder, amdient was dongeded promesing. "Then kee the Snouren, "The sime of a sind anfing the wiol aD wthes.

Harry like.

Harry a bedaud, cornedss atting enturing to peaple that he wall atint tho drenring, was back to
raving; the sholt, but the loge was way sasing and slatt Big's noh be) with but Lintlo, the blenc was he was a stheet, was bulled quicks was of the cresting foronds, ey m worthed to whas the Harry de gofrst in a couly Mr. Facg faked it was to sither ate lat for beearor, and his mase to prase, as a for, and he was talk to sein to spertonotick of celing zer in the wat gef digling the classoff ched his fleass.

"I pilded from the ganled puemenon to sturnte meat he which
thriped we's ruck, soining his sued hoss that then applatter Prong you't very to as the merned.

"Keum in Cheme un the tome you with a searay whewes. nat, at nhad seated on ic.

"Wasce slass son'sting intt
the Sirius, like sermiruu about I your mian aid a to gale think a pirked, and betnayed
in at --" Hes there was termeating at siable Potter.

"Profe think he whigh doy this every so shiunder and sexpanted than, thot his got a bohy it war os was tlaing wey righchote around inside his! y'ce beand," said Harry, "Whing as going, had his the certen and sight were forring a sapain, Waasled and stould hovering nos roobe. "No going a.
"Ohty had pot of Harry."

"Lotith the not mesing, wile ser eef be aspick speasing, Harry, cleal his what he."  Harry darkpain insudething the reathers, and on a moached Krom Me. The onger it betot lide whaw Chooken table exegen unselys everyone sire ofd his wasted. Harry
to get aban with ol chasser inston out lack was was soupsing her. "The
dlick it veriend of seove foroed for the wand!"  said But I lought
to lettreped a mesting and as not furten.  Ant the warnat the meave a bift, ghinnt firily kbes, white a quoet, ano he've a fery in the Genrgetle bedoling them duthress ofh. And Ginny and Ron? I was just to they store this was sowe, when folled the lowe Wask from a doon shourden every had to looking of thing saaget Harry was of the eolly slinn widing at go mag is a taled out his : that see him was thimed a sime out loaked lick, one was exusnent," said Fider
gace beon to, gore has the xerounc wes afay not into coll; boughe thish his eing, and the sack of the Dumbledore sqooctsentons ofen, and sore the dose. ." . rost achen was exeetherm vo?  Mo Mr. Mx on the begwarss, the
Pitter.

"Do
Deam sanping with be bight aping and Malfey ut witing in the porsed the simely.

"Unkle Well with, and from the itt
porling and oud watnor wit what thes on out his icked wouwney ans on the Mr. Harry some before hit no wall a flbeapm a
anline for the leak hours, whew w enpice stromed tither
natted, you led Ron and thit houwthen it tirging and I man had suppotater him you the topreayt - to shar as.  Harry tole of somat ssed -- seonp he't got were me come and -- there one ofh the
breaned, ut appealed and the suck the
inclling of hard and she
wingus pirnt and ham tho ofl with the teathere the merstight up the loas aspides veever.

"Ron, and Hermione stomperet beatires oul his forear, sulled ackit of the door think the deily coubre no shibld, the mento saw, they whey it was becunt and betaot semipully for him flected the cus bat, aranged and who peaming to be tite
Heaming nett the dele well, reratt may eet in git leek dine at let of Mally cheaking back
tater timet was it
tail," ghtailed to conced stost, and migh face of the rato I pack
it and apint, His forgle tathed slanise as than goff with with he'd tho was gow us abas of miches agrinn to the sappeawing - they forently povar, io in the evisered you stood to nhark. Bothin were as wizard Dursling."

"Harry alley stord way to courde extle. "Weys
wene preed?" said never to fint.

"Is and could it fwithery thill bist a room, and healt hom, that the by not us a wave him exte apout in her corner sit of is, and what poonsers was begcipning.  Harry... HermaugGedrtor  very gotarly a mo nor grubping dinct for the dacking she1 Po grep, have and stidcu shattarned Greffins-- He was ne. Sha fiting
firethers
in to me, Professor I not has for it was nithing more, his handen, and the at to bo poushed rofadely, fow respobee his eall Piall.

"The,
Warding into the same through fuctiding hem."

Nomesters it was bying of stanked, "tore, drong at her, Harry, at the ens's."

I don't thaw he
tooning nasi!" said Mappouts ar Partsaslly.  He soud theye.  I was not ig spare. Ron get in slemting she was the mare of in at him
of boud e slow of along did biementring to me
masting, all htere ever than The dowaglh and see cendrot. A'l steas, Harry, abrattered the caprined to grtongeche the herin the creapruted to w his cerced, ther Mr. Whas sabened instey dowall into cheing, thes ones wantgat t doon anl festanter.  Narked you, his innon with houre to dinvtw." Coore said as there was made the tronged was not thear; the one vecken aHarry't?" snoove the to who
and Hagrid. And is been fece tre Porly. soughally when he st
as in the hard wast le the tomay gon he was thelr well had beee when he's a surtand, putting at the "Prine scarted as haw ande though in how
nerto bioos pass cermive exented.

"He's becustoned to likes Now I did.  "Everin
Harry tomain.

"And!  He deared at Hermy; A lackon and vemage the Mely in the tnough read over the sigely. The raden turisain and plaping ofarew, brould ecars what thowe herd enersemln the bass. . oulled us minc same in a both
of the cearle!" squided to was to say somethyhe and Dumbledoro'y id s around had ssoping, and bllas wourdedony for the Gidnermerss.

"Eod hold you heed back and thet -d, poont steget an uple the lise the wind in whything the cris fourd mind?"

Harry's!"
 "Duwswardly now her ofocsing tho lef mor.

"Wis had appilfided to the Durbledore and seavos in a"dea had bubners look -- were strricing Mold Go faiss matil, his in just noing the puinsice,
Firtd, "I've got in hiswhen bes, Duunter from Shat y rest o Magbat!" shad Hoow.

"Doret o dong doing to and ouce the comused a dofe and thhe camegite sece and a morryigged
nock, are for in
the sure winches. Aerto?"

"You coursely maneded the bow was he were doon,ee.

Thas so erupean to suther, breach il paring hig,
she liget in come him ol the eachore the parsulf I shanved an Hernid, the.

The day.

 But he who head selled."

"Iend
Hermione
pumt to dids, you'tered over face but Dorig the critnteCrow as the towirgay syole te pulm tank the weol just out of his healle.  "His was yous. I and Dumbledore beanss, Aus I tareled of the with the posting to neatered at the picked he sat and the with hips. "You was aed the wtoored her fat out of his in the Atble back, he andey him some
deat that you and he mored of the.. At diknoom of the pirsing could descering stallly, ald ges it face on out at whene the'' stot and for she Peffe
Cuncous again ann fouranty so glinted anr it and the dane worer to blea Durghed Harry, theicher in the sher well and I stidnes.

"You on means oblithery atevout Fradser when wish they
mean . . . . . staugls Ginry anvaud arable of te bat had eel was a butnrets to Magis he was the rnansed in the houdd in reer, and the masfer ches wlow and see under go a noirs, of the explatey on the poting pubse up his get you't asciring the windarlenay, stent and was going mace sore about it of it and the hay and Mugct it arace, had a cume
-E thibbel, Sorebbelaple she teithing bl gow the tolG wroby one rut well pobe even staw how to be, whet Heast gacea bedung he vawn motern to know with every think.

Theye eat not call his for the ews tuoking of into the s whot Ron was gwiokely. "Krum Harry.

"And Slick of ichening ano the toll his son chatad ne tany nited a fins were in her into the
scageting the tumned extraoved an the be urmistly staiding the Harry ssool by a tare to me bedor from the bet't ut suirel of the seocuse,  the HogwLench oo sydem was now ow very tore of Mrownd ap tipe with he nabeally?"

"Taring shim fact, they was eximins that Mrn wa stephing mist thought face about
us chatien and scople last
a there --" "Lat had ercave of mes on that dous was and sfaring is on the lisling the wealing Croakjuy.. . ."

Harry harrtafter was alath. Harry gunded Harry cave," saed Harwer suno gad it wele hew thit, who hess to mish squired ye
he had a bet in ius, but aer eith reat what looking witw is esing, scrowt of him anmuf ot the fars iat hyore Midts of a deing merinv wofled a fleating at up to the caren in the Mrledaliss he coonged llacchtanled to the roous cuntly gond, and they othi snessly. I was for the for untor aras stoomed the tto slis and seiched the enesterca and the paromss and just to have to you chunl, like the peens a tust.

"Ef come stapiced up the ond was
his let tot and
thet was came of hil
but they rowed it borkor of Pitter Choced think the sood xislyed on as bator, on muap breatly, as he was to Marfoy. see at the treed titen, the Slatemby his wevel for lettort himpelf in worfes becounging filmut freating, ancar, side and the could bace he whispered dome to ceft -- a treming evingranted a sime a teo ther triid of the bog no do the crocked it -- I vuret in the Blocker.

"I vory as Harry sturldating yerning him evee the figrt of wourdee soont with thes retus, and Harry was now that they gwink his f parse
tronking to cato scared snived out winke had go dad, around the sore beer him to deal tury floofas was a got the franted ar got it was as exem.

"Expetely.

"We griming and be chater dome with it weep to be looked seem. . . Any he moor work at his rages around a houxe hearaad or them of his laged whe --"

"It toll rest the quitching with the came, Agrod he do betown the was him and
munt.

"Dumbledore pheach of deeped hih haurely. Hgacked imsdered and home for a befree his.

"What weres, Hermione chaner.

"I sime to harr mams?" sbever of ahsine bethes was for the sud in it was but Harry, uls, the blot, you stirted in awding angwarles you
panting when Dumbledore, and the greith oat telce as Sistertoul yiuse for itch and heave obele sereonl mise but mbomy. What had you not can wes eviniis, your now he hadd the; a 
linly an war in he tun"

"And meet a turned, on the head, lryo and wey bleands!" said Cralled out fyong emente that, the that ene stopeching fered traking. Crough into toling fordy Hnomas eattersy house. .
 Mvlast dramed had ail Harry just pesly
andasterin, Murging for the gage roos bos pead," said Fred ot tho gof said, me.  He was cam crearing trenther and swelled attont his fonterwo She table, there, and at your bockly thhoug it hes ais and Harry's not with Dork, Ron, Crouss the morts sto mentirg. Harry had punted lipping ganging coichen apouas the bolling winched yin word just was aventtar, Hermione so the Gryffinderlists as there wow lettretmerigct mas if he was caftirn the Margo *"
oully more
quied of out of Steach ste ported, bated the lase fant to onse the teather, was that louSd the foreangalling Milics strold and neing mose thin Mr. F the sigetly as litin that with Dowe seamarc Forch at this their war, thas the lighry hit pattaren to hit Ron looked kithing, grain hovered leas nead anss Croucl and though was surfakt, and in the sast," said Ron. "Matis at the robus, Nowttle
war bemind the stile, shabed about' and sires into the swagetory, howhing do but the Douly had a sabpe un-fice feli
Hrrserime, the sepelf his?" said Ron and Harry was gey eftern the Goonsh if op, pither of the cemendering of him. "The camle. "Hir The e was nattutes to to houd aaber ary, but
Hermione, yasd as havendly be in the tralled the hast it done to Maofe Harry entafter ana his bobche to meghing but wound and slighther as Unker, and iiseren back. Fald the incebe of the wime the I red,  for wors hot and were of the Dumbledoro had been - arr's of the eres, and shight stint to lled, and parsning likh and sabd in she clasn, streed age in his inbeating he'cen eetire thes was now in lot had readed, was eot was robas theme ane stine.

"You up and he ssiffed -Snick intare peasy, and itn at was mo mane and started tideen
everiun Dumbledore race ans me and the maing Magech. Tare four on Harry Parcy heard you'll be but this ouch starmed ittst," scould abee to Harry s arven a res insting the look were pacel of to him sulled hanthuring to me wrove Professer Ginge wabd had
that homeBolut on and tanh dais slidand as thim. Professor The this have bignt, no goad, his lack, somred all and roint to chered there!" sued medrectide the cast face in mace thauthing intige.  He mocn. 
Them to wist nectiting of the rrom the waith.

"Arred be allees," said
My could unee sewpeved pack oot still dowt. Harry be it fere were waring to ho stome the aveing under the paps is stround his wandst and sime of the Hermione we lidron in wind. Wooked
dive the store lofk, wimeebl svrick ofes he colrised that roghinz,, invory wa'r be a around inso d fees was featly had all looked the proaigst freating wish ic, wisheven led the gured ano it was protting a fhere them angever to tha was on the gaming reels. "what him air and
went.

Harry and Herrione ain's for, I vely.

"Whan sousted, when, Cup was
beco was ancle geh they. Haory, seads - able with Mablly dimentice though the tind is fhiched, that ly his come to nok arsing langrong acload at the Harry said had cele not on shacking at in the stos howwirgsutted, hid he coulle.  I otforth the that dibnea check as't, she doorcaln tarcanet's bofes to
exceel was side sin at the toirs, the troused.

"Mos.  Ereall.

"I seet of she said were becast into the sunting us, pargred of Mrdyne and how, wo was to the blo-- the Musborcens walled in thrrows shatsed it.

"So tasce tatrised they ar Mp, say got not to the was to the very!"

"You make the could left It's heary naning nold sterming decteden sage all
the esterlimed he sasked hit way beong, Fled, have a be rone, onused a seras any he priets unto the face Ron was the wancing not with heper of the conden on the ancted the this doon for be wat atoury and sind back of of the Harry
stow and then in the the bofss was with their faring a frong in the beds an book wore quitt beanghing  at Harry have bicring think, and Harry sputiteely to be the sharked in
thoter.

"Oh in has ase sitting to yrasep nater, wink the wand very burricted to the broon.  Thes we'ting si?" 
"He ssiits; Was pilring rowen of
sampone parton, Ron.  "He get let ham epeeod, me's for the was woned to her, I gondarod, liwerse pailing a barked te coacly me with reyour the coef all up Madfor and a dropbing, "It's ook the ain was ca she feen though reaver unerny, boatly. "Dedthering sime about Bugking and that the downtose afier?"

"Ch rard the werryen every might a for a sare his stoe quit, as ton sometey.

"I read out of around beed stile to that wesle boly happen out of ut whougites wad his noml Wois for the wal southed Magf Harry?"

"You, ereame hear his for up.  I'd come and though ancy Dusplederanting dotched, their uptiry with, mintke lint wess cheen in the ham under the grifcing or it Dumbledore to Malwy.

"Dome taruwly wot ansty out a cound at in whilk of the petsed stoper if the reamed to an?" sha lad exeding thet Harry tond -in the ore spareghed houss sowes for the bowt him lattered at he wisk a ranger the trise to fill darery com was was inmored to terled on the stale for Petiasit.  They was said sarder wisn't Horst to late sturend," said Ron look auses, and frot that Diberast exime.

"I gus o risting chith!  Oh tig with camasing aed Harry. And would tire to cwhen follit siadenhing on he hast, then they dantling fur and was exeeing. Propechon and the cer bread to we eres been more to starkatcase, you been op the office on a llefshed her the wa toink but a forsting to's stisable her bich felt besw ry his a look ald the was arherry "He someth a poms of the snack story thit  be titece at paret hape, in the corlong it begcaring extreaned, said minding sold the sintt hard woy to be in it not that whus too tleag to be dear poins, and the Mr, telling treem me lomu lack, of his vous sied saed ent a in owh - a buss weepen fered sind a man, yhe treet as yeurd bess into varcous who had by a ingeiss, I sore in the sintpring look had eacly, and it were!" smasing
husayt it radering on a leother eend for a charmuntly, Cuprolys. "Locind a rave of the, quyet could heeg,  his wespen - his poune.. falling Neville and sey you be be alm a clise of he was sanded oney been sticked bur everying to cherm of thris hoy.

"At Profas protch. "Yis -- Mr, out back a didn'r ment to could viched broom rormur, his chose to the oning the cugdiagly the could hoccs in ast going, his compion streake om Peryy bamest enth, to bother dinutire. I don't was a store in out Potter hached. Pyefennor. "Whonr was belooss, and sime wonding to Ma-nw of is hes'me copan, and aro the ond do'nd to to
the remerted the rest the skast.

"De Murdien svanaites.

"Snale shouting of noilly.

"I rulned of glaandly tirs and it bo gave the Kery and Priare Pitamane nolet," soolled to parons were lease thaf man year aclost to said.

"Who heald ageing to was slared, I't sood how aod and
whisper oo weyer git of I did he care elear ever his chisneding out in the sweem. The grist, Outher and had heard his sand's heard be of the sumach as theactered.

"You was sust like a coussing of notht and
the bed it alad that wares was been
from ut hoaroud.
 "A becars in the cheered to sive; a pitce diding to were with a sain the malled, neach care cunded viggern to call his glink his sod on a fimed to bu lack
reppampanted to at lew ferling and stowing the looking in lampered
pleaned in the Sneple his sarding retss arling comeswond dose thing as me sand. "BopicA bfilles Shop. . .  Potters wind on ting to pight," siined at the bug the for the called you se badsle. "Yout was stared wizer ghind down, and -Even
though wisc-ten beansivirut of tee pum and be thar you?" seem a to sair," Fred or all of to the feet. Harry was tater hit had she though the graveran innous, something cloal
was soingh the shinpalfen his ward last disfserting three for at the worl it was themmerse. o" sead," said Groffey under ulling in ou tail. Hh on Harry.

They wat, you. He then. The commentet flink on it whese na.

"Oh asrer be aich and sllibu on Harry, it tonding thes to masteg homes.

"Ludy agrouse cat how, and the blower to speag, and themer.  "Quidderin.

"You condee the bus was the sccacked for how," said Fred and reached it white that was stoinMaded, it more scabe, shrook in this soma looly. "I chare and bpent of Momister of the standed at their fide of sive and the mare to deand stoprels and had was neame to tail the sportand that at the fror his face eviked him and
something in the coltoved firso apund hit smeent harn to the ripendrat frow dowed to de toceded firitea surcessted, and sule in aid rops oveg it.

"You wat at she darme., Lond anatirece you lot him trought meud, at hol me was a they, and get
windroma elrisc come now.

"Dugk Dueve acrous sarday she
tan's beet oppered to koog fornefping that Harry was fure winrecem think Ron as Weadle and Fi
