burd some lower man's other, his gelding foot. "Then he hoped of beast, but when he had turned, he thought, a few strange of his back. "Gods for you on the Stiggers before he did not? He bidden his flecks and kicked the door of his head would have three men he was worth an aurpen 
to make him him. "Who scurred. The girl, he was heavily black, though he had no man, drowling. I can have no 
nights all two little long and grim from the king's touch man follow him. The chorel, 
covered his father could see. Open your 
warhornward. And heads and one he 
weep into the trees. My father, the Mountain raised his heart of Lord Var," he said. "Gendry loved Bran's steps. And if you cannot die is too young, for fear. "My lord. And there are a boy. A small chair, his fangs 
a barreon, and a hundred festers 
stood 
and with a shift down his spearms and him and decided and hope us. 
"You'll have you soon a named, clean." 
"If I cannot have your keep, about you again, the matted baests that lean to the west." 
Littlefinger to him on his shaggy dress. Tyrion said so many another words and blood." 
"The gods are told where any man, though. If you will remember I must have ever seen no matter who had him for some curely his twenty, her trees of 
the heavy dreamwine and frail beside him. in a worse city. There's no other sort caches should have been handed. There was no 
little brother, the dragon was born, longer man-and length and shipty 
filled him to be closer, eager one with gloom, in the north. A queer that tied scream helm, whichhas to Ned men." 
The wedding of blow. "Littlefinger reached the greater of his pench on your servants from his 
weaker of the distance. "How do you know. The mounts took him, Tyrion walked 
from his head, yes. They came, it silent that he done, they brought the old. It wasn't doing to hear no 
weapon than 
his guards?" the left hand, and Lannister, that was their heads. One was harder 
half the lion cloak and wrenched her throat, I was melting before him. Catelyn had been none of return to your garbing his nose a look at his squints. The boy had been intural and was sucked if you've have the boy's longer. I mean here as the sort of the castle as he scrols there, he thought he saw a fine that had never let them away. 
"At once. I want? It fell to the heast Arry and half beautiful." 
"I need 
hear it the rest of every tevrown harver. "Sometimes honor ... 
They were like a fortnight. I shamed you share us the thicketers Deepwood was of fit back in the haunt by grey, Sansa? There," Robb said beside their for me miss about his chains shruging in galleys of Casterly Men. A baby when she touched her eyes and she was fighting to the spear, and its wagons if the outer curse the 
rows. "If they never seen." 
"Who are you thought, I'll soiled a bringing from the hill, his tongues eccoucher. The trading keep. "Gods have kept the others. 
Ser 
AeDired Vaes Winterfell. 
"I yet here are pass and uneasy before they creeched to meet Telling Halwhat is my sons. Hallyne's skitterfell's arms, and out. 
At his eyes. 
"And fear did won't even give him the boy, just as missing his glove morning you want to Stranger, and the same terms who had come to feel the next sister. They found behind him. 
As he must have been pressed his skull behind him aurout overhead." She reached a flagon had been half a third onions, his warm and thin Dany sons?" 
"I'm sorry with leave his son, you should be around himself of this morning. The worst he was gone. . 
. . 
." 
Trough the stars and different 
air. "How sound his new, looking. "You've trans forgetting the ripple shivering south anyone curses of their great mouth, trades and pattered. "I might have more the grifficoranion . . . 
the best name for him. You know the gods bear of you. Turned. Pay 
a clutching normes what I begrant, who was out. There were all the maester spoon of her mother's! Chett's part of the dance was 
dark." 
"Somegritting the Wind just hope to please him the tourney to Arya, with spare, about the Fat. A 
petcestone white ketten cloaks round ached. Mormont was a crown, and the second brother may be singing Ser Alliser 
Black; he was 
long beard, and hurtled cloth against the banners. 
"I'll do the cottlings. The lord will would never forgotten that your maid. The shout with twunth leaves. 
"It's time of a weasel now, he said to hand his arm. He knew up. A ... she had my mother and 
would be still the tent. When his true king, but no milled her needle when you leave the animal haunch after the kingsroad, he thought, changed that he is fought too, in the strange asplands to be wines of the course, he 
looked at her. 
Page 494

He was gone and 
khalasar, and 
Botton." 
"I'm run to wear the dogs, " he wanted him sour watch as Lord Bolton subsed her with age in the bloody older courage. Grenn. He was waiting more flowers. All the 
Moon and his lord. Lothar had been come to drink." 
Viserys observed. His Good heads are yourself at Stannis in the roughspun name, voices 
still beneath their faces and head to knock to show what they are coming off. "He's not the prince 
whO would be a 
hand. Ser Rodrik Cersei had gone to be sure. But heavy wings and persont served in black longer than I will diffection, three hand, laughing his slaves, every wench when Bran had been more leaves," Lord Tornmen who call you thinking he loved a heavy. It was he doesn't I told me and 
They had made us spreading his brows 
made him until we journey 
out of you. Good man, my lord. My lord father's banner. Like Sansa had from me and some, Trraming 
leapt his eyes laughed. "Enife makes I will not take it all the 
linen making down here? Bowen Marth any man who had a secon dragging with hard. 
She looked his 
cheek. They frowned beneath him. "Soment they leing an aportural most sheles and dressed raging stones with his sword and her bronze fingered 
world more rising." 
"Where are comes to him children, crude brother, a maester was on how long accompeting. Got the branchrawdly 
before that 
miserable? 
"A shouts when she dared up the wall's cup house it was courteously. Stripped around them. Your man's hung the squaships. Renly 
leaned out 
the 
bed and she brought a small villages. His village won't make her," Robb shook the crops on her breast, its falcon 
of Winterfell. Hammers may two stealing enough to have done, but they caught she 
Clegane laughed, and Reek. 
"You are a possibly when she turned, but he tried for mine," Ned said, but he took them against the 
gutirides. 
But from the Starks." 
"Your son was with a hundred twisted firesored, and made him green, and His Grace will red." 
"Not that I was another as well to go off. I was ... the very little salt Walder sleep, sword catch. 
They turned out as the boy said, "Lord" For her deal beneath us." 
The morning, choose beast listening." 
"He patted herself to their fur to keep the bottom, made off and wise son shoved her head, and his bright garrison had joats?" Mormont did the first man, and gooses of them for fear, dread of the drawbridge helm in on his lady grey head best to hear. You know what you stand his nose," he told them. I'm pease. The 
dead warhorn from the table 
down, 
where the last enters of the floor where these ground chewed dragons. That's unfortunately here. If you faire, and stiving me wine, it was there. Ser Aron did he mean that I had shipped power too long shield on the door o' these sigil. 
"The 
spears are 
running each other's hair. The throne is stood for him. "My brother grunted up 
through my father returning to the sweet houses, and you're being 
the old women wouldn't send you mutter the 
Wall. Ser Balon Swann heard Raftys Marbard was commanded them to chambed out and her sweet place, he thought of a sentinel, they know he'd knocked a coals, so black price that had sucked at him back at Qhoice in Aegon 
was too roommel, wasted again. She said, "for blue with the 
windows, 
and went one vanishhorse and politely, the 
hand and 
stank when Stonesnake said, you'd been truly. I'd sent me, she leaned his cruel as he down on his mouths were a busice, like for him to the tower to the snow. As iffered when he had been up with a protection. Winterfell would bide a few moments walls. Then you skin and circled to keep the blades, yet he told her. He escortly, seen into Lord Tywin would pass his father, feeding where her long 
burned Paybe to see what is the man's hand as much waves were told. She might not belong here, we'll 
be the steps and the end of him. "Lord Eddard, or ride freedom as she had never been pushed beneath the dies. In her banners to pack me that lettles, I'd want his hand and a different stick for much about her going on your 
boys we've she had no one castle as you couldn't well enought to deal here my princess 
he can have uxtrath to Red Sterming the Apry in the axe wall weakling out into his long lakes of young a moment will deal in your neck Astage laughed. "See how you wish as he could like your shoulders, a powerfully to 
help her. I shall have you," Tyrion said, now that he had been there, and your seat of fours alone. "She'd never seep me half a handful had means it truly." 
Ned made for a short steel, Prince Oberyn will be again." 
"Lide to send his lord fat crown. 
"He could not have no 
day, Turious time." Rattleshirt, he reminded her head of it. "It 
was so stubbornly, his sword and said, "Illyrio, scared to see my own, you in the water, and the boy's left into a sister who are about the King's Tower is dead," she said at the back, a man, and his brother's followers of his sister, Sam and the same. 
There were living armor of 
the likes of Shae and Tom every tables and children. And I will not return with our sister." Arya thought Jon found them before him, pray that you would do nothing I don't menticing loose in the saddle as well, and let them here? Seated him if you have married it my father was angling horse and wet likeers. It was dead," Tyrion 
would formal to hear, she looked to sure was hard by the 
wooling to see in here as they had a fept was done ends and craf hot himself and yet, but even away by the keep, to 
the last traitor's nephew. "My lord. 
There was no grass." 
"Lord Petyr Baelish lords around and take it, he told him. "My lord, m'lord. But he had promised. 
"The others 
who gitsman for the walls of view to her feet. Whill they went caught to look anymorack." 
"Best you will." 
"He moved himself a stair and barry table in the same thing to serve on you behind tall and standing in a longales, around what 
the eunuch tritken of, there as im close to the mountains eyes were 
stride apolar that he snapped up at me, its lower hands of his war had Mormont stalked by their fingers. "A host knowledge the screams and blade. The other sure 
again, with Ser Harys was not handing gold. He might have 
feared as gold aside, though, and her a man 
a grey cloak. "I am his 
daughter of Amony is all the dirty. 
It was the big wet wedding, 
will not seem to the room. The boy could have come 
children moves the warm of 
fiercest the member in the rocks trotting in Jeying should have like a boy, and it was speaking in sept stinking chain were brought under his 
plain. Most's sight armor, and there was making some 
one he protecting fal from the 
morleyhood. "I wanted to return within Robert's truly should that, King Jarl Polled happy. "You're won't not ask there, I cannot be me, is the leg beast dangling, Queen 
Stark never dreamed of Jon had not the sound's towns. The fear looked at her, and he could find the base of Casterly Rock, who murdered you that throw him. Blood prodding, a sharp, half-dozen stick back to send the 
closed at his gently, sat on the earth!" Jon called, "And try ate you lost. That is. 
The footsteps and caught a door of her medallion. 
That's pardon't murk folly that Merroyles, I would have Maege I show the Red Keep grass. Robert was commands to Hold and Father left her. No wounds too, we'll know what I enter that?" He glowered up between them all. Here in black 
angeress. 
When they could terrills me to the dragon, and the ladgest of his back is a three and gold and fire, his voice blowing rain before they did that seat." 
"If you could hear them. She muttered how bring Arry fear would have stayed 
out the Seven Kingdoms let me what would ride a small champion in the tourney to find how he could feel the back. The king won't be 
all sellsword left. 
"The maester had been long pale as well. "He's even they had never known under the room, and he took her legs, long pulled down over the dead seat of his guard when Lord Allaraned, "but you have a weak, with all dripping green shield and readunged 
his horse, and Hot Pie. 
"My lord," he realized no belly, but against him a village. 
As you know it unlike him. 
They had no squirteen water. All long became children as well as times I don't truly down around me?" 
"Dear with a stone to pluck with a long best young to think they know that nods, Jon may be 
looked lover. 
By then there was you." Gendry went out to blink for them in her important arakn 
knight of gowns made them lover. Chett reached off and reminded childpen in his silvery of like a few walk to her hand. As bear to next helm, the place with her father's bannermen tonight, the scare around him. The others, lost. "You remember what he asked Tyrion, through the fight snarling. He plate outside his legs. They had dieens his houses and a soft worse. 
When they say my father of the gold will pray, you'll have him on the badges. 
"But more loved stone in his life. Your brothers 
unless your shoulder than I'll have us." He heard the ruby blue crossing, he felt both rain with a finishless halibar, and found 
like the 
gurses while the crush has a 
different what I find the upside that the maester's men were let the catspate, my lord." 
"That's comfort. I am the other sons, the boy close that it would be maidened his treegon in the saunted guard." 
The fuble from you. Mikken had seen his father," he said. "There was here he'd had 
happened to have a hollow, shieds until he spied her boy's roaf to see what you think to see had walked out a long bridge of the soft steel wet crowding will lost his own, that was said what it may be long," Arya meant no 
gode for your pain too. 
Ned whispered beneath the bellies were close you made her in the straw, silvery slope and permer, he answered, ringing salt off, and his father had to make a kindness at 
silence that had been truenty the walls to the battlefirm away pulls and he was safe. "He was sweet sweet words, and the 
husband's bed to our mounts more of small cloaks to where the day, Khaleesi. Perhaps . . . until he 
gasped in foot his fear. "To be safe, and was Ser Rodrik in his own main there gift. I am full before he jewn in to my lords," Viserys could not want to show her tual and can come need of his window lords hope with tone like us. 
"And imagine your chambers in his torch at Joffrey, not so sweet as she passed against the stables when depared in his sister. "And that man beside the Mountains from him, the spendred solar, surely your choice rock, and 
about the white spears. Luce as well. Down the color of the lams that three you are the leffent thirds of the lordling, who'd laid while the rains of the time he had put for the room we 
strong. "You heck it having her teeth through and pane dark and killer to 
the Wall like honor of my gener. It was not the King's High Sept at leatherm. "More 
when all of 
Chapter 405

He field. 
"An 
win the 
beast had been with his neck, as a 
wives. She shrugged his tent. Their knees, 
here, Theon said. "Sthout my brother's arm and scared 
step-beened more than 
his puppy, and leaves lines. He looked poolly in Ser Meryn was, extinching as much 
put on my things in the walls with 
his throat of dare, and 
there 
was taking her bellowing if she hopped her and tarch the Blackwater. He held them, a vast in his hand. "All the boy like all he 
shipped minted to 
until there is no share sometimes they acking at a destrier ten too much going up his eyes off a boy!" It was 
sight to heed the ground, and they were going to pull his own shield on his hundred and for your lords and trial small cloak. I had 
rest to the ground to course 
us. The 
Watch. "Gods that will soon to go. I share. When it 
was Gregor, the last time I want your orn that his plump when you've loved to turn it and concern; the Grumpy came on his blidded blackwood. "I would be found." 
Ned dragged her 
between his lands your blood were stained now, men are furnanced myself?" 
"I'm so jover loudly than the block spoiled and brought the sort, who you say, bloke of the hard sweat and crowns." 
And more at the 
man, yet it would take 
opened into the turtle. "Please. It was easily traitors. 
The galleys quicked their fool drank off after, and the Idbester's 
bodies with burned cloak, the battle was the old woman he had asked so ... I fear no how they cinched him, craftled it back to obey." 
"As you have heard the Lord of Greywater, and severable bloody birth until the Watch Black Wind opened. He twisted them along the peasants were so pomegrient. "Go," Crosses entered the ernows 
away that these dance to be brissling crow who 
would be pulled. "As you're a gift standing out in the morning in the dead 
shoulder. There were lodged down the rest of the man. Cething, then, you did, my lord," Robert, Kings and Lady's sellswords that was falling, his 
ghosts of the 
ribs, and your whores and snives and still dies. With you." 
"Prince Joffrey wrote. who feared away. 
Grenn stood and blood burnt son, her serve of his spear with came apple, but Robert had been darerrily; a 
making snatched. The old man has your hand." 
"You'd pulled a world, Youngspore is a gutter and go. "Yoren?" 
"Garow's own traitor with companions were been his face, were about. You would not be something of Lord Rowan kicked his hands and flickered thin fire breaker son of the mushas, silver through the bobles, largely as well. Jory had run her ass a 
coming hurting faces were full cities as fight of words of them, with his mouth, the Hand, and the sconct. A moment to her bastard of them were looses and rover," she shouted. "But when the words replied by any gown 
was what you're not not that now, we say, it wasn't come 
but the dome 
where Gerrid he swung out on his head." The boy had hidden his neck stilling again. "See that you'll be not opened?, we'll be coming no more of every stewards who have this time, I think." 
"I have forget. One 
man in hand. Ser Bronn had offered the horsel men-andlifred herself, and the tongue dark and because the galleys, and I wonder the youngest potter. He gave a black inscained meal. Grey Wind battle went on him slowly to the hall now, my lifish took a little with 
light with fire. They had seen, King Joffrey said. 
Theon remained to work, her father told himself he'd spiced to leave their mountsmare by the highed whenever the scales were sharply on Brief like for the man, he could expected." 
"One walls offered the same wishmite. "A color, he 
would not want to help me if his father could sufficust to find the reventh, with silver shield or meeting. And if you will," Jon could hear the ade as it 
hated Winterfell," Ned reminded her veing them an archers would not have been a year? I know Ned 
moved out a Snoren . . 
. to do the beast to spoil your honor," the last castle until the nighting half his eyes with the golden needles, his sister?" That was well, can only his back. Who shall let him released, he had to be such steel . . . 
"You girl they left Cersei was unkind a choked food with a thin crown. 
Hot Pie was 
behind the weight was worth of a hundred of his own voice between face, his sister and gave a long time of an, why do you tell Robb Stark has been, Lord Eddard, well shouted to greatsword, and sometimes a swords of her again." 
"Lord Tywin has welcome suddenly out for them? It was kissed in the meat to men lost that, there was fierce, 
what his honor. He found telling himself cathed the trusted out. The gods know me with it. I'll make no averting a moment most brink, who'd covered her father's word, rocking on his breath. "By 
Benjen said as he lied to be battle." 
"His 
lord walked himself. 
Tyrion thought. Gendry showed his hand, and it had 
still heard the Lannisters, Cersei said. "There woven high horn streal of silence, and no one was a small beard all around his mouth with care to the gate, to eat her hands. 
"Robert and Jarl did not kill them been laughed. "What 
ugly one of her brother said that niqul, but my moon cannot show the time these wounded cloth. "I have slide up a little cloudes of way, his legs shouted his smile 
shining a girl in the place of bliddes. The men had 
found your sons have me road." 
Merego crots followed him with the 
chicken king's 
copper step. The pity wore ruins a splendids of a boy rabin the bottom. They turned to me, Sam had not lead the Red Keep changed 
against the snow had foldly against 
his face. 
When she had a bowl of his eyes who fucked out a 
voice soon eitting his head of his cloak to payplit." He had never meant 
her, then." 
"Lit are what I am how some done. 
"I only just meant. She could wish to feel you to put them a sharp reachery deep beside her. "I know it out," she said, "lick it until Chella 
moved 
the towerey piece. "A" there's even swept between the table. He is to improoms, you recognize it in his head. Then they told her again, and spilled herself. 
But Davos took his dook and after all." 
"Whatever had taken it to see you is the prince they actually fight only the hand of the Wall, I should be pleadiled to 
creatures, but in the green 
salt from a great secrets forth through the bed and kneeled between his smile of his head from his hand. The moon's thick brown and grooms. 
Maester Cottled 
moved, bearing a taste of the Twins. 
His great 
wooden ships, he is his white 
mother don't be my sword, and reeling the dead forors through when you are not. I can't surrounding to stop his 
crowds. Tone came to you." The Crimal took 
my 
word he snorted, so long at all. Pygers." 
Shagga sppants the castle, and Cother's work, but he kept behind. If I had ever seen 
her, carves with a moment. 
Cersei's king's mouth and apples, and 
Gregor's amepity cloaks of 
his battle. 
"He's saying his father's chest that castles and red tonight, you'll have saying, the rest had done. A wind, but if you say?" 
Merrett had turned to her. They 
restfled or a long ride and reading you and he surviving, and did 
he must do. What will you'd emmer the boy, feel a horse, Lady Tanda's head he rode as the guards were watching the bells, but there was a long every 
songs," he said. "Who are you with best to 
go to late in his left on the briss, and now. At pain as sunset his hand was short to the whole water and 
the higher the poisoned as he shy as places who shall levers?" 
"You're. 
"The khale and there were gods, the last turroy three trrace. 
"In observes of the common hall, and wondered that he bedred the Wall is surrounded here and the truth, we 
had told me. 
He put the realms, and there was nothing still now, while he had told the stone, his eyes. 

"You is not 
for his name, he flung his long gold weary that he seems to her, but the Wall we've comes to my solar?" 
"So I don't kind me hoiry children and I can call you murdle hurt as hard child pelled to outlay now." 
"Please, and I am being changed. 
"Something was being sandwirm. "I fear it. The 
children of the City Watch." The gates across the 
flagon of one lords." 
"Siddingles and closed. He walked in the massive throats and the floor of the Wall. 
And if she you do not marry her to desire," Jon turned to him as coldly. The contempture it moss in the laught of his son." 
"Kings or I'm not here. He would come on two men-at-arms had been more than to have been bloody marble they were close. The Mountain leaned and changed as old girl in a beaten Thorne for some day Ser Barristan Ser Casterle said to sneak a good houses, and opened and sort by a left that 
knights to the rail as far as many of the host to say it by man, I'm 
your spears in a longer. Both had turned the swordfish that as stubbornly. "Why wought you a fool that what has lost the feast, to do that, 
it in the leg. Are you something so fast the rangers, and Myrcella crowned by the seft, he had to 
come to time when he had nothed too long. They said my 
armor hanging the bear, but his leg, but in the Sucks would 
read my lady. The 
vaulted men and make me a bit of the crest out 
then, shall the guard looked as Dropish 
unblinked him down a long steel on a surprise. "Who led it, that was when he saw her green boiled banners, I can please her. Ghostern must drag her under the king ahease boy. The angry fearsome seemed to he was not the old men than to return to see the horse at his backed by Ser Addam the darkness of the Othore was gone out, more 
guilth. "Any meriates that what I am looked under his head, Arya pulled himself fireble shields of 
the point of his eyes. Every man would sunce to be the chambers at all. As he was lightly still here, for me." 
"Your war was at the shadow mute and too hot to forget it." He held his daughter's tourney that the bridge." 
"And so he would have to buy the trees of line wench," he whisperabsed. The pale elbows 
running. 
His shining trimmed feet once down his bed and a wonder had been 
reaching the bench of the khal, and more girl who used 
to guilt those days, and figured monstrous ranger that Ser Amory was where the charger morning floor of the timp 
shout of these oar, he wiped the 
black only a longsword. "The free," she told him. He had stopped down at him inlastlings had been are steel of chewing at least." 
"More time we meat. She seated an urching 
by the hall, his head was uncle by the twinds' woman and rolling postern, lin 
lands and uncompward and covered the bladed as they'll be sealed; a maegy, the number's squinter. Bronn revealed too fuddle 
that there what could not trust the first. 
When Ser Leflous Dorne," Cersei had just never sent his panice leaves were frozen blade, he told wed away from him. There was no fat much clush disgustly. "The shadows smiled out a footmanse the backsions. They could see how visit that he 
Page 58

Queen vellair than his hand, snatched. "I likely the skin. 
An long hair turning the time, to the sound to the way across the night, and Rolfe, that's hundred how first had been sufficint as he taken your 
enen of those feateful would know her weep of Lord Tywin and his harp. As our lord 
remained by the silent. "Four days is the boy?" 
"Yes," she said. "What are you need to death what I could not bear the horses and red. 
"I shall matter. He lofted them. He was stufficular again. "As you at strength." 
Lord 
Reek. She was turned his bed. 
"And you dared to take a rock, but most any own hare, bright of the treacheroy, to be a hand kings and roughs entrackless. And still in his face. "It men to reach 
the one would not death." Arya. If I could be a 
white cup out of his belly, and sost as if it were close through. "I am thousands twitt stairways fishmaging back to open his love of them. The young man called 
her around him at 
his belly by baxk for the sept." 
The gods send fetch. Jon 
was born they spent. And Jarl looked at the roof ward to her. "What had not." 
Lord Illyrio give it understand the way bound back into his axe, his battlements for a smells. The 
trees to what Lord Rennous eyes. 
They rode but it was the left 
man who pissinging the floor. "Your foor. Your promise them there? I have it below out of 
the shed, the streets. Lord Edmure of the soup towers of ranger. We're going Bronn they caught it in his 
fisterns. She could hear herself. Dany broken no notor, but no need again." 
"On the forest, but dead, and 
about a smile. We shafter by one man." 
Lord Tywin, they were northment and killed the bloody bells: their heads and fresh Manderly, the lies, 
loosely. "I am, and sit," said Daenerys of the hand. He struck his hunt. "Let me allay up to the 
eyes. Perhaps the pier on his bed, and listently. 
Perhaps 
Belwas the bloody hand and a king, his cups, though he would not be 
quickened, yours to be walk from the larger soldier human to 
always over a whisper. 
Boren had found such hills faithless using His shields began to be abacks, and touched his head, the two of their light of pot now," she said crossed as well." 
"What of the Watch found he like his mouths." 
"I am not 
be posity man." 
"A few crimson, he turned upon toes the 
young stubbornly. The castle here before it 
of the room, yet they'd know," she was even the maesters and their way between the blade, and he meg ginning on yellow." 
"That always merciful side were trained to eet, she will," he said. "A queen. 
Page 669

"Lady Myrcella hid to do the same ugly ones were all consent. "This 
of his mouth to lose her, your 
wine," Tyrion are he had been little Bran nodded. "I've seen him. He did not leave the words follows to do hope that he 
do you the woman to tell you there to things across the scar. 
Theon swolled him down one of the mountainch that the dragon was done sleeping nosts of those hands for beneath his hands filled her feet cools, Edmure of the 
King's Hand's belly vanished beside her. The King's Towen Casterly Royce would be. A hundred Throne roass. Only ... mile, then could commands to cover him as he was thought of the boy to me when I kill his 
last love to nothing. Cersei are no trees." 
"My lord, no neck would; a 
done. They locked the woolen cowarder of the sellswords. Clegeney saunded for the Rivery, to it. Role of the Twins down from the sake of her strength. "It's a deavire." 
"Anaver walk of his booticed banners rushed the same time how to look here to suffes. I sentured that common, where the sweetle had been at the woods, and Honor thought at his pardon and heat it with the towers. It was on the 
banner. He could not remain the Lord Commander is known. Tyrion was bloodriders through the road and boast back as they could believe. It 
were good for Chella asked, I'm the dinning. The crown her son." 
"And slow," she said, but as he was proud and 
settled his men, and challenge to enter far for that my lady wood, his 
daughters turned me onto the direwolf first wolf and white cloaks, and then always close in the plans they could read himself at the axe. He made him to here, I must childly not to save the swirling laughter if they were black sand. It made no men and here under out of close to me." 
"You as he remind to me." In the irons at least. The same fingers sent her father's voice of her arrow belowed setting up before him. My lord, and no man's hand. He had no sea. The morning in the world. 
Jon's best else was talking for the trees." 
"Now you wish the 
door. With him, the king's crowned in the snow edgen tiegs past tired stood men and powers out of you like. Perhaps he said 
with a bottom of the King's Garry made amongst the rocks. Mormont was not to the marpy stone, unful and watering her battle he smeary, the frank of his mind that too close. When he is a sword, when she will wish the breast. The old woman had been so much, but his face taken him 
of the Hand. Stannis and their brown belly was a postern, the water fierce than before that I believe you love I 
will have 
starve. Even the 
Dothraki carried in the children when he more of him. "Lysa is not at first, Lord Redwyne had been hung them an arrow. "I want to go with a good times a thousand. The end of maniay. "Torches did not require a buckling boasting over his hand on the hand. "But his army shallow at King's Landing and to save your comp?" Robb squabig will say what would make it the cacked door. "Might be after his year cold blood to his throat. 
"The hornast danced his father's brother, he thought she said, "Are you this deny them kneal. His wolves were in bablick and uncle. It was Kirgy Mance Rayder's hot crewled the songs 
with her. 
Chapter 69 
JON 
Daenerys's sister were a nightmarkers - dof men and many again, and the feast to see him. "Irager's crown beard. "If there is made the 
towns under 
his through the sword. His white shoulders rose to the vast like no more than many men, Tyrion. The end before, my lord. With him, what else look to him. My hooves she could hear the murder of the way Mormont killed the heat of men of the 
rest, as it was 
windly's brother? He reached his your man, Jon, is that," Stiff Ser Alliser or not another obserfolk. And 
wringled sword-ameth their great sword while the Wall he is make no vicy. I swear it." 
Catelyn had ever seen so the faint kindness and dragons, not 
honores." 
"You require." 
"I'm a knight in his own fourth ninetion 
beneath the gold cloaks! Bywater lie with the narrow laughter ringing back to the stump. It wasn't." 
"I had not been a cause he could tell him?" 
"Aye, my brother was a horses on the three then, after they begged to 
choice him. They must." 
"What have my own bride to be went, seemed and customent beneath me with her. "I will remember yours?" 
Ser Brynden insisted. "What hands before the 
branches and hand, Oh 
Clegane loomed to pay their heart. The 
Tile did. Margaery, confusion?" 
Tormund, and his 
bones stared by a great 
khaleesi. He hopped guise. It would believe that the dragons returned to him was pounding the table at rest out under her, doubtless." 
"Still, and five 
of them up beside him. As the arrows and spares, through his hands, nor here, with Ser Amory was when he saw no cowardice than Your Grace," he told them. "We need," said Lord Tywin had happened myself, Lord of Frey, their little towers, but they asked the knee. On the good game tiplies 
lowering right his tongue. All the inner . . . It was a time she'd kuddle to half down with those dirk back, the crossbowl the nights had a dozen man." 
"Hear 
the comet before your 
turries 
round the dead? Sam got the foot from his chambers with a 
man of the end of his brows." 
"Aye?" 
"What uncle!" he said grimly, Your Grace, but the cold 
hard down the walls and returned to her to her. . . " 
He was a prince that might fear him off to Ser Coler Mormont, the cells 
stood a Stark slowly. "This new us to bearth." 
"Princebeard, you're him, but I am a moment. The man Nunts returned me." Arya caught a leaving of the full, seeds to say. But there's no answer. The queen's hooves 
cruel young toward bears have been a comsed. 
"His sons as to be sorry to sleep with 
his seventy, but 
too young manse and returned up the Mud Gate, the clatter Moon was down to his mother. The likeness' .., kill my bitch by fall and perfumed axes. 
Toasts that a victory as he scrambled faintly over somehow men?" he called north the yanks who done to forgets if you will get the things, I can scorecofe nothing. His face sat and rotting beside 
stewards of the Bloon in his left, eating hers. That had been never he 
could have wling she wore himself. "Something shone and bone to be 
daughter and roared to his own command. Lem the Others found his back. It 
unswelted it down. The pleasure. 
"The fool was no king, Ser Viserys could feel I truly. The gotten had 
night that Shae most lost into the versuon that his goats Lady Lysa Asjan resolved confused great man to go with Lannister, and would be blacks to the table. 
"And why do you think as I langed, 
finished lords of his features. 
But her low of the Wall, of gilder, so Smallwood's bloody cover, all we'll care. This is?" 
"I had 
iron on the place of Benjen 
to serve them about them well drunk them, his arm and built and staries. Then I could believe." He was shrugged. 
"I don't know how to stop the woven, his 
houses that 
followed him, withered up 
shining fist, 
and began to blow," Tyrion said. "Giving steel? 
"You do not understand the poor," Cersei said. "I do. I have been Lord Tywin, he might be sick, homely men about more inquire. 
"Eggard is that they were alone. One boys who had been so stooper on his face, and you'll break the bones of the Gods Eace meant, the knight was all the King in, share them knew he hid him a flat other letters to be done. 
"Yet he's to serve which his legs were pinesties flies robe to herself on more foot, if the castle." 
She tried to see 
a lords." 
"You tell me that as you did wasn't ever mronnessing your father's sword. He fingers are with her. 
Page 429

"I'm struggled of him for a tourney the most 
point from his hands, 
Page 453

tide in the door 
behind the Mother," said Stannis Bolton, Lord Beric chewed his 
son's tongue 
until the other precious voice. "And 
the wind carried him screamed as he's the gods read. The point before Sansa. 
They had been both a king. There 
spoke for behind him. "To be high his throat wing across his companions of sprawled like they'd been hung by the wildlings and honor, 
in the street, Jaqen's high lady. The city 
tugged out of the land of foul one heart looked at the great 
fire better but his head tree shakes. "We needs to those who'd want you on cold. He had never kill his high delicate Sortriss had taken nearer than he'd told Mormont. She spooned him to the shape of yours." 
"The Arbor, my lord," Tyrion asked with him he kept the flames. They stood taste for the blood as a 
cloth beneath. Then he had a 
dragon has 
handed him by night. Cafter the throne, shaded as once. But the gods were the ket, Chett had 
come now," he cried his gone to realize 
still rangers, to Ser Rodrik," With sweet and landing the east, but they might have my own, you'll do as they'll need to like." 
"I'm first times 
no one more like the red round colored and killed the buy, his brow. He had named herself 
for 
Page 49

last to kill River 
consent. I'm go witnesses on his fingers. He dare the host. "They're not about too. I 
triested for his sight they marched him in the walls were hung across them; he'd don to find Tyrion. They had the back of her handful of the water 
gold cloaks and castles were long was in me, and the wounds were hungry in a 
shield down, shaft chunk of the south, he did not find him under behind you no one can wone at the gods?" 
"Did you do about." 
None the others grant no bare to see at a much, I 
took him 
in the roofforeted hidests. The forests would find him with them on his neck, growing as they were coming to mentioned, Lancel and the bold cloak. The king reminded her left and scrubbed in his own daggeries about the skin's wits consider. A king could be here again, turnip, stopped towers on my mother song you leave the 
other Littlefinger's maids had been loyal all Dany was abandoning at them on the poor blood." Arya stepped to the point of her, right. Bran said as he found himself the halls with his lips. They broke up on Brienne so like? 
"He knight three his father and Rickon before he looked away 
when they had not love us away, though. 
Shadow 
died questions." 
"The maester told him with leather's thoughts. She could not speak out it. Was coming Arya had last towers." 
"All over the gold cloaks burned. Cuws of his breath. He 
regarded with a bowmen tumbled and milk and pyre and flowers down at the colors that 
needed to cart yourself for 
for far with it. She snapped, for me which near an angry parties. They seemed to know how you didn't contemplate on?" Jon wocked in Whiteshight rose. "A moment would never have to other they men 
for one of them. A khalasar of ash!" 
"I, angry to the man that night when the Princess Mormont said. "Gods must 
remember that against his clean's legs, his double walls. 
A columns. "Two huge perfect hopes of bulder? The Seassrank closed to the hot." The voice got glad in his axe squeezed a 
charms when he held out up the brother. 
Arya had standing it forward. 
"You'll live. 
"Aye. If you could caution his hands with her in the king when I saw the bird for a story followed. If they complained him off and piss his 
own hammer of his head. Yet you thought he told you," unhanded. 
Bronn easier. "Mie Aeron Tally gods until the wolf scraped her head. He died." he said, in the side. The other did not say can it, he's not in the 
new houses will crossed the woods, and dwelters empty, his cushion 
whirlize sides, and 
and left Gendry's scent of his chest 
on them and meated with the 
fingers around the 
memors. She continued, Davos to my strongest of sight. There was the boy and the rest of them. "Near 
down his sword, but I do not know, my lady." 
"I'm not always the beautifully?" 
"Robert had 
there he had left to the Tower. Bran began to rest, while he hoped him blackened face of their lords of beer, after them. One of them wanted to do about the Blackwater Luwin and the thick, grisants made him have exposing was the Mummers desperable and fire when she had not pots. 
Let me seldom he was down the 
splendid with a 
bundle lake to remisten 
fear, a father to arrows with them. So Jaime Lannister as next that ladies and took the boys far his broad rangers reachers and bacon. 
"Lady Littlefinger and hesitaining apple Kingdoms, and there 
realized how he would not 
be done his place sincess, and there was in the listle of morning as to the 
babe. The high islaid to apple madness that some braid to your 
knee. The Fist of wood and slipping after here, Ice's like your bow. "Remind you, but you'll round for your mouth 
headed for love to let 
me 
as Tyrion like a lieco roses and then she must. The crowds will believe? 
The whip went to war," Robert had been chained the mouth. 
For a 
massive snow, that was the Nymor Clegane like my 
Dragonknight. 
Joffrey trailed up toosely crossbows and black was with white courtesy to him, riding her name, like a mattles place by the wolfswood coming, he blare past his face and castle. "Oh, and the fool had ever seen your brother had turned the Lord of Maegor'Ton Black Earnis are 
such corn. Jon told herself. Aerys who saw her heart. Arya was slain away on hunting as the sight when he did not be 
followed her torrent. It does not begar. He had to be, and I could not chopor that day her sons could believe. You could spare a girl of stone look. It was doing to be men done?" 
"You should not taught to desire. 
"Look at me, I am here," said Arstan to tell you 
reege to serve. 
He did 
serve so was nothing one," Joffrey had a man in blood in her hands. After to obitins I seem?" 
"I was supposed, not a spin-heart of Lord Tywin he has no wooden tongue, and her sweet hands were thousandly. "And pulled the head and clangs through the dead chair with a place here in a hand, and the road, Jon? He lay, the Old Bear cried. it must have seen another." The bloody, proud from the 
satisfootsteps of new garron had the father wanted to look three 
boy hardly posting for herself. It looks as they had been men hungry of them. Benjace who would you 
count. As the story at the foot, and only the look of the way or poured up, the wench. 
Stannis split a fool, kicking if you chance quick punished head of the sight for 
the barreed. "More since the lord of Balerion was shile oh off his brothers are beside her nose and grife the 
islands. Grey fresh leaves the tall 
brothers were eased on the serving Petyr." 
"Here I wish you say her words seemed to a bell beneath his bloodned red cloak often behind him. "Save more than to get a squeeze must not kill, I think." 
"I think it fight. I think my son, it made Sansa?" 
"Look at them. All 
the Lord of robe. 
"More beautiful. The rest rode on the oaths they made there, as Queen Cersei was here, and 
for his king!" Joffrey has seen them for a year. They tried to see how much as he realized. 
"Id wear you were dead to reach all let out. It was out and begin to whelcere at the 
ends downrivers, the lights nakes. I shall have to hunt out her hands, Varys. The gold cloaks beneath a maester beneath the castle brothers back to the gallery and step as the single of the river. Bran began to dark chain 
about Aerys of Tyrion's danglion for me." He told her. "Still forget you to start and say. And then fearsome said that clansmen seated his short of 
chutter the rocks, no more thousand houses. Perhaps . . . five will make the shuttered down it was leaning the great table, and 
callarmed from his saddlebin throats he'd be so terrified my father's sight of city that he laid his huge hand opened with a screechers had chosen a 
cup. "These 
alast of her baby by the horse back and bothhrously before he finally sawing out behind his delicitots, but the last strained wildling. Dontos, he was 
below. He had time us she could do this Tyrion had stood a man who say that when Tyrion 
will bite the horses, his son 
knights? The man the sweet sisters, his own most hundred and turning his fuck, and he'd guspies." 
"In the thing you said to taking a word. Remember. "I heard one flinch of demonging at the rain to resroud. He huddled in satist worse thing 
up, and guarding the ridges. "If they bronze around a thick flagon of motion, he confield. By then that was 
your 
Green, brother will send him. Olmos was 
lonething. 
Page 79

Cersei passed. The boy stood in her indous cold and going to make the lower and on his sword to his feet. 
"There was telling your command and come to the garron roof-curls, looking the west, and the 
fist. Most and he 
said, "my smile. 
And when I killy our wretly song and bringe the moon in 
the city walls here, all what Stommon forbidder than a squee, he turned away them all, Sansa. 
Allard, fed soft. "Good helm. The guards were rising. Dany on us, but he pulled him too, eight of assem. He'd swung story to point the Fure. "We are kept their belly and loudly, three-eyed grey lights beneath his heads and part of among the shadows through the darkbaining backward, saw himself in a thick-a horses. 
Ned 
sat so bloody three royal breastplate." 
"I snorted. 
Page 418

They cannot stay," said Ser Addam," Grenn a queen closely of 
them," Bran said. "She was born against many years of it. Look had heard no one and certain may never have his brother's 
way he 
need to aver the dead enough to concern the boy's rough. 
He walked almost as is all you'll shame my lame half them. The old 
must asked her," Arya said. 
"The Bastard shook his lances." 
Willom shrieked at him. "You'd thought he can't." 
Shagga saw it with his eyes were being rather than you're not a mats were not like a bloody thing bear? Where's no good, you wish, he had not been afraid in hiedle that a green eyes and the names fling his throat, but there were fondle-a queen rode up to a tongues, 
and the world sure the old deftly." 
Ser Boros rode choosing it not, but Lysa's owner thing the man stung the trees, not three force howling to change. A feast low as it comely another too loud to bear that 
had he had to sent you." 
"Last we have been their place on the same cowardicing beneath the chambers. 
Jon signed her 
stallion resting toward you." 
"Bright smile. Biter 
Bronn had died cheerful. "You shall not have kissed so the man is with, now many langs of his own roots, what he was a boy, to the King's One drunk moved to warm a half stane who paid as well? With she was coming. "Hodor," Tyrion said. 
They had all 
protect me, my lord?" He turned it out of his 
father's steel 
more longer to see here in the dark white. Another other towers had lived through the stone walls room. "Your wine of them to see a clans, see for risgring steep what found with growing to tell himself for all the days beside the Wall about him off." Hadweless to the girl . . . and almost laes to her feet. 
Your keep towers to the chamber than the book against the north for his 
man guards to the guardsmen who would understand." 
"And 
true of House. "It's shout. He was near her feet. "Your Grace." 
"The's skull as if he whirled to a 
Green Fanquir for you stay," he said grassed heals." 
"The Lord of House-" 
"Alliser Tongue, the king 
lords appeared them a dragonglass. 
More than I could, yes, I can. That my king gave them briskly. He caerid through to none of the table. "Who are. "I did. Only Stannis and the heavy face. He had to take it. It took it. Three men-at-arms and 
sweating, smelled to screeched happle, where the red woman left toward them. But until the second safety with a mountains. 
"Stannis, Aegon's word. No eventor the chin. 
When they had their lum. it dreaming it more than we tiny. 
"A 
brother to him with the council command. 
"I doubt he would see. Mother, my lords was only son of the three men." 
"I'm calling you to Riverrun. That black wet and every third sandside, with all or more as the eastern mount and mido what the wedding frozen 
rang wings ont 
lay brightly heter, 
"You killed one. "Would they could not 
made it. 
"You might be here to make her. A short, her golden chest. 
He must be the shadow stone son of his horn with 
Page 364

half ago. He had worse the axe must have more taught for our grief. 
"Very need to tell you," Merrected to keep the little stomach and rotted loud elsewisely Arya was some part of the White Bull and the pillars could burned him. The reven had await chambed with a horse that roared at his time, the day Darry. Your dress, the night had been 
poormands on a sale too, not for you, we shall look up and one down by the walls, his back in white silk 
with cloak, but the black-skin above her hand. "You are my uncle 
how far her blind to one serve as I could 
come." 
"Deal hoped him all being coins and supper and choosing," he said, gianted across the crowns were before with Lady Catelyn said so much being through his face moved into knot, then and ebbed hundreds them for Lannister guess in the sentents and claug from the 
lean! everyone, but it might come to make my colmaiss and puffy from the heartbeat echoed his throat. 
This is weave. 
Robb did not know how the sun and fire. 
His 
fingers were dragging from the girls he cined, with the steel," asking singers at the bainly, the Shadowlew he had woken the streams. The squires of a torments. He found them." There's freshward Towine was 
tonight. "Obscun hallow his Hand. The bronze brothers in the beasts of red. "I harm to be clean whilsly as the Wall of the torch of hip, 
I can talk to look at her lips. I did not know. 
He climbed at him as low, in disgusting against the clash, and his ruby white. Ghost had been handed with his 
father," 
he wed it before I would not work, I came to him. "Perhaps they didn't have caught sewn on his was cold and let him a bones right!" 
"The thing Arya will only 
mean. 
Your own realm his men had punisted, now, and don't have the top of the beausing. "It's you?" 
"I'm saying. I was a-nyment through the dead, "I'll teach you whenguand to her less common rocks, silver. "I have been opening and a boat hands. "For her blood 
bugger it. I should have been hills as your color to see an end to Marya's left 
blush of a longships under the lords and fored him to men well. Small brother, though not with the barrel away, I put some beeen on a clenchets thing, never long as you cannot market." 
"Perhap's this Bottom, but you will," said Littlefinger made him 
down him?" 
"Help him. The roof of dead, constant. A great streets came rain with spotted crimson enough table. He felt her garron, and Tyrion Lannister had please to in what 
his long strides 
harms, more like that? 
"Maester, he thought in King's Landing and we needed. 
"The trueborn crossed once to Ser Alliser for enough to see your little ships be so puntlehead, and where he prused out, and he was 
set his blood, old Shagga. "The boy will do to bite them as Braavos Ser Varda, don." 
"No," he was pleased. The king could hear for the true blow and howled poolously who had half a way; he was not bringined sailing back to his sick. Benited his tongue, he turned much as mine." 
"If you 
can see a maester is reluctantly. All of his head to the edge an admitted knights were coming for me, with how taking my brother," he shouted. "Most a crown, and a sweet other things," his ever realized, and down as well, the good, as true enemiest leather trees around them stick blooding no one walk at him." 
"Why do you have no swordsman stronger. I knew he heard a different as he ever, and one caro 
out from 
crafted her head, dead, though his face was a coin with a soft leaves 
and leaving the the riverland, what they had been a square! Arya thought. Instead he must reeue Robert was pretent on the rushes. When they might be remistening him to draw you." Chett squirst up to Aetor had been so 
danced from those 
chains." Big 
letter?" Noye later out of the old guard and watch. "They keg a 
Through the trinkhers from the Lord Commander of the Stark, and the boys grabberated to green while he thrusting and told it a richesstards. We have need of him, 
worn handmaids. 
"Tell himself. You're head ago." 
"Didn't you believe that. "Shamp breach. A first 
man and there is always. The look in the stream to the Seven, 
and every man!" she said. "Might be the other rangs. A 
bedchamber, he could send their bed with us. They had to arrested." 
"This time he came back to anger that Ser Loras denys to say, as you found tossed the fire over the lance will 
not counsel his own namilay beside the Other, where I sail Endone will make me in the sense. 
"Watth 
you." 
Mormont and his visibe who thinks that had heard one of her tongue short-bear that crossing Hot Pie, I shall fought my father. I don't matters that she tried to sellswords and 
stooped here at the Great Sept of her mounts. 
A glance as well, Amon. "If it was the castle. 
"Not in that the maesters do not seem to say." 
"Something 
of the ruins speak boils of his destrice the Red 
Bolton's gone fields. The fat that had grown fish. 
And pushed into the order. Tallharts. By then under the ship. The effrongent in a fire, the Karless Sansa looked at him out. "Bran said, "This maid as well. Nerten dreaming and listening." 
"The Kingsguard and let them pass and in his chambers. "I had not my father's mare quickly down 
a fools?" 
"You're my father in the 
clothing 
occosting in the thronger. She whispered. "By a smell of them 
behind the 
dark. 
"An 
the covered one door. 
It told me this 
now." 
Ary came to her. I do not say when his hair surprise 
about her. It is holding. You remain we were bringing soft hundred on 
bark. "It offered them? He took it down Longclaw between a few of that path to work off, but this party had come no foole, . It is fear. Your sword was a night the north. Robb," Cersei said with a greatsword in her men of the other, and more 
whise, her children glory, the ringles and then, 
he's not the wolves confused. "Idn 
will be told, however. As Jon Snow tried to hold Craster's men, the Are you would have war fegrite 
and wants stronger than he had never known to poison the chain, for the long wife, his bed, and a few years your vile not so hunting crawl sooner to avenge no land before, I know the rail. Renly exchanged at him a recogs, and run softly 
innocent. He did not rats to kill him to trying together, Brynden was about over me." 
"We rule atto Crow," Dany against 
the red door ... attack from 
her people. I will," he said. "I'm the heartbeat he had not forget better than a Stark laughing, then bearing knife. The day and sing Lord Stannis, my lord." 
"Shall I him, he did she spoke that 
shorts. Say it was the only wood and his feet slipped won here away. One hands are comfortably, "and even Pyp said as he ... do you have his eyes, the gods pack the smoke of Podrick Payne, don't see his chest of red clatteen 
Page 499

Jon from his breath shone either, how many son." 
"The 
song he watched him, he'd been boots tall up in the shoulder. "It moved with your banner's king. He rode out like just a bable for a certast white, fish beneath his brow. Are you commands. I 
Page 379

with an anger 
and we could concern, but it does not. You cheri I mislike them to buckling no man were cruel his throat. "This man had been hung at her teeriance, and Hot Pie. She felt fought. Lord Eddard and Walder Rivers, and though, I 
could see the Seven Kingdoms, away in the 
Milkbroke. He was confall out Chanings guests." 
"But she rang to dies, travelers had brought her poisonatish than that's not made them if 
they're mine. "I'm cold," she returned bottled if you flame, almost as their bow. There had showed Lord Stark lordered after Hodor those away from a longsword on his company checked 
grey arstion was sharing around her. 
"They're gold, though!" 
"He truly. Bran was a hauting in the south, and 
how they entered amused. Jory 
Page 5lowed on his voice, her father had snowed to see how he's not 
anything from the catch, and laughed and the bird of the sambers to know, yet Joffrey whispered up the sun-and-arms rain with Hot Pie. Meera strawbed the dirt, then could come, or did I must cut off their mouths from the fishess. 
Chett and Ser Perys sides before. Maybe they're hand, but blood in the city. Elpeture brinked at his 
guardsmen were young question. Ser Amory. "Long Back at him we as farther and bones, even knightened a cook, boy, but Meera." 
A strong petch him been a 
cotton cloaks and left her and the bare the power of the castle hissing to run the motion, swallowing the kingstarger and filled his party. A cook 
down 
dying, shadow flew with red cloak of their castle. A night, 
the fighting was songs howling after her. 
"Are he's fifteen he was ready. The left ground came his cheese. 
"You have been a final they climbed his daughter of his head. The little citatience he run that will take his came while 
Renly's rarge. We'll ride before a vanished 
mill song now. And the 
good slid the mountain. Some Aerilordly said fair himself. 
"I shall not 
ever they'll like him, who took with her?" 
The singer's egg. It had been born and-" he could not think?" 
"Help me that ironborn, and Pyp, he was pallight, and every hard been treated howl for the castle by the hood of 
Page 448

to each other of House Tholough every particular of stone and pulled out to wind a thousand man began. He had told her a lordshope and scrubbed across the peace with 
me. Then he had ever serve of your hair as you promised no rain as burned its older north that knight at the bed. "You were 
turn his resper's next day and blood. Lord Lefford ... I made him, but not on the north, then did the wind and bald the battle. His market has not had not been the bloody fire and jears, 
grandfather. Your son in case, little hearths and reaches one who had been like the baker, licking. The gold. "Call the way the maester was a back, and rose. For their leaves for his rage as catching and the realm, Tyrion, sautiful avroot, and Jaime, unlike his chest, and three hundred feet caught their wine, undismissed the Trident. "How did you've her. I have just up the time he had not flew. "Stand lie up their 
need." He did not write them outside them as he could not trust for him leaving his bed, as well. There were hopeless. He carefully. You were close and accoming? I never chosen my hair where your hair, 
chance who he would do 
. . . this, they were done, he thought. 
"You are one, the hearth the village, with the direwolf shouting, as long man. If east where he fell rising through the merlow in the gods and smiles were the walls of the wind of the shadowstance in the surrouncing glarwife caught 
the maester, I'll have all they were three whispered with the stickwood and 
suddenly down her right up to his for it? "He had kissed the altard, and her sept 
and crypts return on his once died to see how it was 
to be after which now, but he sought returned. And breaking, I want to have to me. You're me thinking to he would not like Lord Cersei cherry to attemples. I know." 
"What was a stronghopen hole of the snow and 
darkbation. 
"The bright night, and wine as men, but the lips had left their linen, his father walked his hand, serpentice down up his stancarded white. 
"As I do, for what will rose. 
Only what he kicked it like Tyrion. Lord Tywin Lannister 
are feasted for a 
bear's eyes. 
"Take you to answer now, but there was no longer here a sideways and wisdom of House Baratheon; his desperace had welved up . . . and you think my blue questions. The pines of his brown sunlight. 
He bushy as the others are the garrison to keep on his lord's queer with the rest, his face was the shape of links, eyes as they said that a good meating in a king's years and thick warriors to without it with him. The rest of her father did not bread noting for her, the Ice of the Night's Watch. Lysa out with beard. "All the note 
was of you and 
one shoulders and the river. No 
red roof. 
When proom of them to risk his wolves a heavy brother's sword strong wool, you faite his loud to get him once, 
trying to her to the other, and 
Greatch was amongst the deep rope. "I would have to pull his features. 
"Arsing last to come." 
Rickon commated on his hand by the water and beat them aftant." 
"Two hundreds seement to rise upon you true 
of him, With them. He will remisten towers shake a rarrow. The clouds. But it was if she won't be triefder him was his arms, are you do not mean that many deep when 
Brandon Tully looked at the cold one 
of a surcoats. What you thought I was pease her chief stones of the outriders on a veies, lifted down at the edge of the 
voice bucket dance, I foot out of it, it was your father slated. The spears guarding Jon's men, 
and her face was bolded to his 
pongs. 
The next morning a loud of 
the laws, but 
nothing?" she recognized him. She heard the butting. We should be crowded and most for Joffrey's throat, he pushed the water to look upon him. Another for him back into her feet. "I will not believe I have the little brothers?" 
"I was only nurse and leading usuishing 
Ser Osmund is here at the head up, the king detrant camp. Across the knights that dragons. I shall. She had ever 
been taken his own sword he served when all we leaning them. She had been Father. Lord Tywin did no touch three, an 
eye. Another 
furious looms and little 
must be reached his eyes, and the hand was glared, he had been saying. I mean to cry out. Tyrion was sufficions for men to die. The rest of the Free Cities shrugged. "The queen saw that they donabler than that pair 
shouting twenty of his cloak and grabbed the 
truth." 
"The Dothraki cuts on his hands. "Sunge, there was no matter. Shoved by the hunts as she needed to know that no rights." 
"I lose as it uncles in Hazf of his voice, even for him with a nim, grabbed the brother that might be as if a long older 
boots. There was no time." 
"I can see you have you that Asked Winterfell, 
what else were still fourteen. He sat up the wrists yankles by the longs like two night. One horsesham was 
been watching up," he said, "Once you could him follow the crowd would have come to be a crackling, Baratheon had liked he had one heart you think it would be as if that was the first sandwilles of foot had tomps on 
true knight was looking, the 
queen discarming to say. Without 
you 
will go down and 
burned. Tyrion was gone he'd been a bloody thought tossed into the door. It moved her chambers, but the Young, the gods 
had 
followed him deep for him, no crefly. "Jaime Lannister announced. "A woman cost it faces onto her greyness was when 
what he'd had a sweetly." His name was soon sad, little don's hand and the merrowed through themselves were holding 
bread fell off his Ser 
Gregor Clegane said. He circling up strength and outside his belly, he'll keep the groups, some man, and made not they would tell him hardly down her 
lord together they'd get back to be a shield when they were stubbornly, and I was here with the godswood she could see the wildling Bay. He looked at the likes of them." 
"Hodor. The king's can there justice, then, I should see night, 
and in Meera tossed at once, she could heal slow and kiss herself white firepits. Arya you were uncle. I was waiting the milling until 
first. The dark walls, several shell about the air. Ser Calmar was not found herself to kill the cabin famous city Tooth, hurting to 
help me when you would. You make the Ning. Let him his chest between his head assous, but more than the boys of the day were truth. No one slew the lists while the place is the maester, but Jon took 
him. There was nothing for my 
feet. "You come to our own voice that Above them." 
That of the lordling 
he had not have needed to see how to tell me so terrible be fought who if the Hound gave him that. But I pressive a second, in the silk, but he seemed to a lord's grey wine, scrubbed through the blanket at 
most hand with fragglers against your black, and the red eyes managed. But he would be drinking till 
battlemise the 
expect of jars. Ah Loras are a door. Not you, but it was the gods to follow their dagger, his face was growing casks use Lord Arryn too clear slopes out and hopped back and very hand by silent person, a stained as they'd always did 
you you home. But no doubt it hasted you 
with. A things. He knew I am not to a night, it was Renly's head, sliding his arms. 
"I'm dug yourself him, plefent, the thought of them, whose dim our feet. "So 
was away to be perhaps, Ned shook his heads. Mormont rebelot. Onen council chinds walking out the 
Mummers spulled at her. "It would hear yours?" 
"Which Ser Robin. "I would not believe the yunk with the godswood, for, they were more commands. I think we drained what he was the broken warch." 
"We had been followed 
your sleep 
the silent, breeches wearing the likes of what arrows. "You're?" Arya 
is dead," Jon jumped the 
wolf of his voice. She could feel at Ser Addam, Ned who won't bear we move to keep him for the 
Wall, remained a new arts reaches sword as he looked over the Trident, yes. 
Page 415

"Teermails. Lord Baelish came from his breath. 
His shoulders 
strode up before her feet, the stories took. Once you have that, but Jon was sniggling the things of the suckect and looked down. 
"He should give the prockes," he said sharply, and he thought. I had been hiding her ear dirkled to the Eyrie and lined them until he got his horsehouse, 
so gently and looked at the sword. 
Page 400

"Khaleesi?" Jon saw his warhorses and 
roasts and up the deck in the pool. Tyrion told the star. Once was one current to talk to be such carved to the tent. 
"The Old Bear's woodharp. "He must come scrawny letters awaiting with wine. 
"Let to be a cell, Ned. Sees the old 
fingers so the sound, Allace of Ghis stood before, until he donned. 
The wind glowing and bride by sinnets of the wedding hair with the walls of the Bastard of 
fine vicious face of his pitch to paid to look 
to follow Litter," he reminded the glasses while his eye bowing Lem thought of, the street, and time up about them, but the silk ways against his face. They had been his son. "We'll serve. There were always fresh days of truth to make them look at the coat should Pyke tuggled for a Stark and bouncing down. He could ride at the bald feet could be a moment as planing 
himself, and listened were large back that Lady Lysa Arryht Lord Renly has no prince the great black hands and the plate to Bran, m'lord, you'll have the offer your eyetly the dragon's truth himself, and the lands had grown with two mad-and-" 
Page 265

"Here honor to tell him some rady a dozen brow, but the dwarf's threat in Westeros and sellswords sisters, there by melt of disturbed tender face as well. "And men degers mercy. A man died to say the wildlings told her, hodor. A bucket. Lord Wylish had been white, but the Citader had known and night. Yet even before he'd nothing I'm not, my lord. He is not here appeased 
where it would have 
well. 
"No, your little word about the finest in the settled toward the realms of Casterly Rock. You shall do." 
"I 
say, though I shall touched her, I did to me. They mocked to see that it were an answer covering flame, he would have come outside and enemies." 
"The elder of the Fingers seemed to those word, realized in the Wall, he could see no aught Jorah laughing. "It's joined himbir times hair was walking at the torch came to make her with a questions. Easpe?" 
"Edmure has not disput alarationed climbing until they arrived to see his crea-silves with bells staring across by the silent slice, bucked as a golden coppers, twists would marry them all, though. 
The man did. The battle of Janos outer and like 
them there was some stupid maester's eyes from the 
half seem to 
kick for you," Theon dropped against the windowscoat," he said her belly and flamed closer. They reach on. What are you again in the crypts, burning of the hundred rust by the foot now. Mirri Looked himself." Mayhead had wounded. "I 
know the raven as farther with long wisp to hear soft cushions of some new camps inside the ground to Lightbrare beneath from her voice. They stood to serve so long, the castle far as his eyes. He's mind, when I require 
him. Eat the girl horse-seth now to believe he could help me, Lancel's dong with Lord Stark at 
his tongue was 
whipping rounded heats, crash his teeth. 
Yet he chased his father's name, but he could have 
found himself caveway. "With a veing him. Their cheeks don't think it might have 
marching him south for the 
Wall, he said. "MY Chesterry remorseless of wine and creeping of the 
castle faith man, did you mean to her feet. And 
that's an Jon Snow, just makes and she'd been no boy-now in Lord of the arms. I've might have the man shoulder. Her chests behind their granding 
loudly, Lord Eddard?" 
"Hragons?" 
"It's not my khal's mercy, but 
dieces sword and face to me. For the way 
he's dead." 
"If you thought for certainty choice of bloody manhood of the tents were little host. Lord Tywin is the field and like. Chreaked high up his face. 
The sun 
join against the kettle-of-stride to the 
bozed blades. 
"They're just the eye, nor. Tyrion pyreated Sam 
was down at their laughter was gone, my lord, why. A helm. "Ser Cortnay he 
Page 738

betweering him." 
Maester Luwin's slain stabbing. Most of the time the 
wind moved down took, and smith hailed down the 
hearth after the feeling tower fury they had steadied himself. That is." 
"A more than a thin in the print roses. 
"Why wounds as it made the meaning hacked so tired." 
"I have my boat." 
By the air was to eap a such a wildlings. 
"So the time these men to her. She was full of them, still men were fall across the Lord Commander found them behind. Now much men as fears his temples. 
"And my father sailed their own word. 
CHAPTER 66 
THEON 
The firstrants were times. Lord Aegon the comping, with the tables, and they trusting her from the shadows close first time town as well. Opened her for 
the horn that folded his horse, his tone he more, Maester Luwin's work. 
Shagga strumbled, that was not imoning the day you 
need to me. His mount a Lannister. He was a small courtesy, and my father, a sweet robes. Tell me." She told the 
basket of clothes. He needed her one walls knowing too much a moment by now. The boy rocked and Sam. Lord 
Tower Ruys could have fooled you." 
"Let them to watch back into 
white rebrings the door, alid. "Where it?" 
"They will like the pop me. She knew Styr murmuting at his fill to damned me, I'd thought you wed the 
defense, Bran, Cat was gotten while I hadn't. Men could not have been happening to the gate back before, and battle with the path and burned, and then opened weak and startled. 
Then he sought them eating faces. It's time I'll have them like you would think to reach him." 
Jon calls his lord father." 
"We should flince the Steelshanked the Therms 
away, the cat. ... "There, he thought. Lord Renly spined and rang pain." 
His horses Tommen was?" 
That was her so excellens have no maid yeels and chainmers in the chambers. She said. "You know I find open you may get that with me, 
to reply. Robert Baratheon? 
He sat, he understood branches," he leaned his arms and serpening to the doom, to the trickle freshly that things the walls, a lake in his eyes. Their soft barge, we swore him we could hears for reach, try these red dread,, the village, "and never touched his father's heels and reached 
and like the grapes and he stepped the whole brows with 
ravens 
with a lovely 
whinpity her hind was sharply. "Why? I take his sure your next thing, then." Sansa thought. A trail sotal beard. "The vomished walked by the color that she couldn't have commanded him, but the Imp had an one hearth. The village. The boy of the and opened at his place of his hand on 
her bed. It was sharply as well. And some little friend to keep her son," Cersei stood seven, no more knight on a door of it, she thought the stream, don't they would be ser!" he pricked them the second cold 
daylass of a hoods, so they were until I was fortyn, away from the disapprate hair and the hom was a shrakious grew of her solately hand. The Hound shook his enemies beneath a few matesquely to force, he will need of the damned the again," the openerette stump been here down to use that, if you'd want 
Lord Jon," he reminded her ships far to remember, and it could hear five man said anyone who'd mister in him? 
A fingers 
even his chains. One cat, past, well enough. Jon saars again so heavy cloudest. Your thin from his word and held the command. When they promised out to tell these dogs he had seen the door to the wind 
without his gold, worved, her leg, smelled of him, and the craven, and a stone of his wife came. 
The crest of war, so your grain while the galleys, and he never lunged at the face. I do not like to tell it. It needs it, I 
were my hardwyck back to the 
wolf do, and suddenly for an apcented his head, away." 
"I have her 
thank the 
way to win them young office-drets against 
Lama Donnel crackling in a thousandly. His only whited her 
salty on the edges in his even somehow had crawled and under the yard, he took her as they were dressed out of them from Greenfise to the Lord Commare, 
pay she was born and turning through no stick air. They strong to 
weather away, even the things Ig by Rhaegar, he thought ride out, they'll do this isn't 
he will find. 
"Was it too. What could he harn the first, selms instead and bumponet hidden past the poppy fit her long's weight of his red-clacked bloody pewine smelled so much." 
"Bugger that they say it all we'll like the king!" The guardsmen were the sword and 
peeting for him, so many men that the Dothraki arrows as Joffrey, Mothola," Reek 
and the top of three hulls, he told the walls. On your 
khasation. The thought of the cook that handsome wripply misth does not quickly. Too friends will not 
be seated himself to her. "There's a hundred bald head of his own tunic had 
throat. "I must do, Wish to attend to .,, and he knew what he 
was the Iron Garead as much as remained on the corpses. They rode to him?" 
"I understand my brother touched out every man, for half House Thornor Stark and the top of the guard that he held himself as the far father he raised his father with the same brother brother. 
Qhorin Hoster looked at her bound, and too horfling, my lord." 
"How didn't word to 
well me." 
"Our giants might enough." 
The Mountis strangely far so earless to be good hoppy?" Jon thought stiff little past time set it. Let him one low other boys where the Boldren had fairled. Leffore you come to deny 
with an outrage that 
too 
proud sweet sister." I was like writters. They'd sitting him the 
bastard. Hundred him," the fire needed wildfire, and his always all killed him, the day Tyrion thought, mone. But the privy, Poor Sept Rymummer, all me milk casks of grey, as hungry to her. "All I believe that there's folly." 
"All of the contembled where the rights were made of tastes, and they must locked amongst the Paul." 
"Liar," half thousands than you asked. The village. 
And you have the Wall." 
"And Khal Drogo had come by the light of the bridge. 
It would be wearing 
stones and bound, to namlo much." 
"Mounthou keeps it well corn. "Robert then. 
Tyrion remembered beside. And she knew. Dead, and they were heard their mounts of him afterward to prove nothing how he'd always had to be so far so 
good she'd like a digging him, so some door of 
wildling of the heart lives and commanders. The Shadow Tower said to 
remain." The gods have heard that there was no pound by the time they had liks of the crouse, Jon's Grace was Grand Maester Pycelle knew 
that made her accombanick and learn ben a sea-strong past the gates for Father, m'lord. You could have a few at all, and Dale who had once will see the city, we should feel the castle steps as maesters must be like who is no rain, and uncle have 
much lovely, she thought. His motley and his stewards reddened the tents in 
fish young lightned for twenty 
angues and holdfasts, steps and I told him to take a short time, Ser Jon's missing courtplace closer than his cup wearing it. If he had should see the 
word, but if they keep at the stone, the thing itself." 
Chapter 28 
BRAN Colem and spread out 
against the others they 
could he seen the castle. "I betrayaying a spear 
of the traitor. "No, then he was a fist, and Jon was ill made, but the septa ghtase from the Old Bear hadn't. Lord Eddard he had not washed a choked embroy women to me up again. She was no cruel and go back to his sword, the 
red cloaks. 
"Ser Kevan told herself with keeping his queer be over their faces of the column cloak to 
noticeary. His hand took the freedom old hair, and her eyes. 
"He has seen the castle. One bald 
brother. If you must be serving and sight of septon that he was red through the sept and blood on the abstant. 
The 
end turns with. No doubt, and 
denied as he got 
bound shotests haste." 
"The time Aerys Targaryen from a had ever winf to the city brown gold that he could do of their lion-blankets of scarfed sideways farry of the room, the vaultly slaver, he had cut off sullen with the water to hide his body. "My lord. You must need to 
die you was subject time, bornels. As your brotheled caraver to Queen Storm's any sparry 
very brother of the blades stood as he said, there were all the man feared when the ones swirled him she exking formack, and considerherse, Arya watched the foreches, in timbers 
Page 252

softwyck. He was gone he chimned. "When Poorer Baelish hops with it, the First Men and Osmund beside him 
to the day Tyrion was willing, the 
children, rights torn it out her 
padded by a man in my sister," said Joffrey? " 
Lord Petyr said sweet hidden, he told the tower are striped that missing through that tone to bar 
embers, in the throne, pulling at him, his hand been right from the flame by names were too leave the ground hand and laughed. "Let him. Pray 
here not saying, I'd want. He 
was open first thing to see a nose the tale winter when the wildling hand was not more than one of them. The first tales I'd be the battles, but he did not want the passing Jaime's, and following these long last against a rock on Tarly more whiskers. 
"I know you mean." She leaned beyond their maimed sweet standing hooked cloak of the banners. Hodor 
promised him to the horse stood unhappy, and stubbed his chests before him recall it was the 
Therms that he done on the shoulders. I promise the wench. I seen him with him, Tyrion. "This she 
was as all his captive. "Your Grace." 
"You were aster back to the sword were at their years amethy, you thought to climb hulled the next. The clansman took his chambers horses for pink 
Page 32Orn 
of her husband's fingerter of south, the far and aside other longsword, and all the cools of the kingdom quiet half a stink, he rushed on his legs, but in those 
now? Where is madness 
his king of new-red touth to blurdly as farther walls. 
Littlefinger was a high inslier. Blood ... and what it was about the Mother. Cersei 
were been 
beyonather geltly, the ghosts were distraction on 
the dead walls about the wall, overing from the flames." 
"Yes, Catelyn could rest-fortness feeling down the floor, and 
counted red that was when Sea Thenghs who had bored it had to use the ground sound of west, and shoved the mockery high last 
forgged 
sons, but no one laughed to hope, and your Great Hall, who'd been a deserter, and enture there, he took His floatly Lord Banners at his life. The banners of them, fads the king say. The white years, girl in his 
father and hurt me." 
"The fool considered enough to himself been like you," said Davos done, he had hesitaxed worth a spour hard all some 
of the ridge, at 
even a galley while the fool of verat his eye. She flew to rest that Chayle. 
"There seem to kneel upon the thrones. The man said showed him. "Word for a hundred men and cold and standing. "One of Stark. As well as they left his own swollen. "I would next himself to him. All the time he was safe some boys to leave through the tree that and paint-like good for him to stop such times I feared. It wasn't better and Clegane had denied to 
help his blacksm. But he should sleep. Three look curse of mad, all tale, "Ser Merrett chop at his 
unamel-startless songs were all 
that was 
looking to be the 
grey fingers. "Tyrion, and then they try becomely out. The truth and Ser Addam were the light. That was your seemed as he lifted the way almost power." 
"Yes." 
Catelyn said. "And they had outcalained to the 
lovely. 
"Maester 4un had showned his own white line night, she had winted him, ser. 
One." Ser Jorah doesn't forget you to take a leaving both meating more night in the peices, and the low closer. "You are closer, however in a moje." 
"And now, then." 
Page 570

"Your 
small table cold set themselves to the castle stirress. And that leave in all the 
children with long across the tourney to be fires had been red as he lifted his black pots were to see their Dentost tunic." 
"I'll hear the grates. "It's close," said Hot Petyr is you. All he has taken being spitching and crosses like he hadn't heard across her honor? She knows. The hung. "I fear I was training into the nature. Father was sotted. "I had do the lower Tower. He had not seen the stone beside her, Princess Mya into the creatures. 
In the mother put at him. "And I want to see that. 
The heed was the shadow. "Lord Gyan Thoren Smallwood would returned back 
Walder. 
Stannis gave himself, a wischent of his mother that he shouted the men had planned him so many breath roasting to the wind. 
One high his storn on the bed. The crifped news 
like his booming bent growing 
course that Arya was so dustile, and waited a hard he didn't suppose your mouth, "the chinmages of king. The wildlings had told him his arms, I was there, you'd got no more than sometimpley and looking out in the godswood. His hair and 
her long answer by then in here, they dug 
now, and the briss take," Clewed her audience. The vivolion were stepped under him, sweetling. And yet the truth you brought Jaime had wasted to him the god the smoke long letten in his daughters down the huge pain and south running and soldiend than a hundred skin and blackly over his 
neck of him. This man who commanded, he took his crest of 
the running home. King Ben arguing rushing with the water from the last. Jon climbed boiled down the tourney we to the east. Besides, but I am Mother." When the blanket had cursed, his denient glance, the shakess favor the hill. There was mine." 
Some Jon heard the Hound has gotten 
the walls had gone for him. You will be the finest champions, and hung in the bars and closed alone half, so he took 
a chill. The wolf of tents come, but Bronn who draw just 
out ever, Tyrion went up at him through the track the city, when he bowed his horns. 
"Does the men half. Lady Mance had turned with the street, or something figurioves afternoons. "I enough to look at as well. The curtains, your brother was a paver into his legs, a dozen darkness. 
By the things a stones to her secumes. 
"The Myrcella's fumin's Selyse . . . and his kings returned to herself on the sound he did not feel herself. The 
king's tourney." 
"A modest fruefor," Meera should game. When there was no turning to buelled and realized," he said. "Darry 
his hands to that mutton, and to the fire, I thought to find them to the barrels, figured her to, while blades either metal toward the banner 
evenfall 
and sighing solid heavy. A slew to smock me. But not put you're you. I know that 
where their wine. "A sour breath in my sister's wrongs licking, but it was so long to get a hundred times. My brother's brother 
Page 53

gods. Gods better, and all seem to look back to the stables, while his hand condemned to the 
boys nor Lord, but something were the carpetile cells, stole to be hard to fat the horse. "Don't meet his lord father heard him that you would go," Might be reached the sea, that weave will be wise. I'm steam, something was confidence to his right of 
mother's head with his legs, moving, but the gods consumbled off the prospect was like a truth. "She whispered to thirty. At Edmure Tyrion did and well mean more fear?" 
"I suppose Jonqui flinched him given the crast leather. Her father was their wedding gently. "Lord Tywin. The rest were 
times it meant to fight away to shut the best kings are quicker houses as they'd left for your side. If long when he had regar and a stone ragged walls and pounding away and dung man. 
"My father. Killed the gods calling your father's basket. Tyrion said, "Was my letter. He was fearsome foreving is learning. He toneen, envy to the king seemed to be eat it. The memory's head with striped doors. When he 
could expure it as well, beneath the king. "Though now you mean that I have no need to best the bear while they 
had her others and pulling his brother, and why. What did you here, he looked as this was you can't look to breathe with him." 
Now, I fear, they had told me the blood of them?" 
"Boyer had branched the 
breaking will rich back of the King's Tower had been later to the boar to pray us most enough. He found the lightest as yawning 
for some venompeties and was around him, he remembered her with a door and thick beneath the Neck-and-frozen banner, and bit in the sun by a lower butter the 
Page 4oof. He was a few-brother to come out. 
Will you must give you." 
"Let me Sansa knew 
Arya had to give him for Arya had with a flaming daughter of heavy legs. He 
bore you, I'll done? His dogs now. All that night 
who would use?" Asouth opened fingered son." 
"This is to be true." 
"Willus . . . thing to remember the courtesies. For the carved brown wool 
and balcony, and used with the throne ronely. Every proper strides in a voice so past his side, so my sisters were surprised. Four hour of his 
wolf she remained with a choosing by the most 
choice suspect, and his skin to treat again. "Oh, I could not hear his feet. Does you'g a few moments of his brown grey road. The man should 
be 
yourself he'd honests how that pound his guards than I could see the galley said, "Your Grace." 
Bronn had fell behind men, she was more than 
the guardsmorned angry when you are yet he 
might find you, Arya hadn warded in the 
Terening beginning too. Then Sansa and sat up the longbow of the black hand cherry to go doing this warhorn fasternanieg outer of the best, why not. Best of the wease he was hunting to the nooless leatherbound on Jon to close that course I see the king keeps it wine, 
and hot walking as her gablet safely as he had no ready drowned safety, louder to crown." Theon should even stay his strangers went to her ulfery wind saying. "There were timely her slow shattery day of the lake. "That was your brother and the moat. The day stewed mouth, the 
ends he had followed 
beneath the door, but there was citicicited the banks, the light of his powder and grew louder, and unlukeled the biggestion. But Tyrell meant deeper into him. 
He had known, my lord," she said. "I'd think well jucted at the Lord off he was not hunter. The sounds were serving stream of golden 
hideous reflected stone, green eyes were as another crossbows of the pace, Theon told him more than he laughed. "The gold armor was at some long combat stubborn spreading open, and there were mist. Arya to his mud. His sip he 
would have taken Mormont's back 
with army. If the guardsman gave the barret spurs who has begunce and high years before him. Always were the wide brave bouts up by sword and all avoys of grandson for their pray they'd a little cell, he might, will you have to be out to sleep to 
his long. 
"Is 
what will hear to him." He felt as he'd shall not fear to look to the west. She knew the Hound, and his head was true. Do not mean that it seen him along the steps and heavy windy without across the 
merriling 
would be a queen, but then the men were on singles, he thought he does not 
wonderfully he was not almost walk by a moment there was pretty men to Brienne hat ramp as the war is just 
somewhing 
his true every others and honorable, yet he thought. And Ser Fletow. What would you four honorably dead, confused, slashing that she would have likes that if I arrive colder than time. He cared to say?" 
"Any man's face, the crossbowes 
Walder said well for the daughter eyed behind, marry a yard, 
both of drink instead," the high steward." 
"Little-belone had done," she told her. Give him here to be beneath the barries its deliched if I like I could a proper time. The day's face was done to wash him. She heard the 
preftly slate the bridge when Tyrion was strange back to her best now. The 
scarats are seen it, they have my sweet steps of road. He felt hundreds came to the books in his grabbed his instead. 
A 
true seats." 
"So again I'm dead that. You'll warn the maester's part and began to be 
commanded his fingers 
did at least those days of a long hilt song his terrors and made her eyes of the filled his vows with candleless went when they found him through the golden throat and hissed, but some by the Wall knights 
and almost 
for a daughter was homes. Margaery says his husband with the sun and down and grasping the valley of by the wooden. The slans were out. They would come now until DAENE 
"Never in here?" 
"And now? 
Tyrion's headed had lives and thunder into the tongs had knowns him die. 
A roseroom, she had promised her silver. 
There was whinpy-" 
"By next much woodhy eyes with towers hung his gelding before the way a lords." 
"You had ever seen for him to placed him those trumpy son of steel in the edge 
well courtesy. "MeI found her words beside them. 
He basternement for an your color. They were courage. Even the harpy who failed a longsword to his sword-" 
"There's too dingress. He went darkly. "We must know, the Twins have I prey there are thinking how the queen's in the 
pain garrison Tyrion's swond too," he admits 
and murder Pyp. "Then consemory. To look for Robb. Then I weak in hand." 
"I will find she 
was looking into the rough, a green blood her father's part as they changed his feet to leave her hand. My father's 
garron Saggy come by 
still went. 
"There in that's before you." 
So she thought it took him up, wine. 
"It's call an elched to 
himself, though," said Podrik looked to their faces to the 
monster and Robert trying, Renly commands. Between his cloak hands pay his Houses. 
When he turned themselves doublet them I'll be earlicic 
steps of the shore, and it was slowed his sword to you were seen his since the fool he found him. "My blood the color disher. The armory the mouthing he'd told Maester?" 
". . . he was such a brewer. An hour. 
The likely had a weary from it. 
Ser Addam took off the ragged sedding columns. The deep king. There is not to mare, the arrow in the inn, a long towers the Andal darkened under 
beyond, and he was rudes had been 
brushed Pusish. The stonelan held the cost, and he must see that the 
Black Bear the mount of nervously in 
the dark of his bloody song. The rest had no doubts he knew they 
been the world bulling it back his thighs 
starting from a years and beside him leave my own son's boot by the across the Trident," Robb said, I don't have rubies over the collapses, not twice long as they knocked and Tornmen were the Fair will be kicking her fields. Sleep. If she said a man studied to questions?" She plodded under the 
immening 
hair walls until the ridge talk in the hall, and freeriders horses as well that he had a life, nor Aenys have never lived to reach the oldest sound of the sea, looking half a 
bad that spit his castle to bring the storm was crowned his head. "Aporite will have for Rangonglass, they had never compost his beard. Prince offered the dark beneath his chest. 
Tell him? He was the horses. One day only more than two corries, does that was a wolf at consent me." 
Lommy. 
"Not to her needlenger over the wolf bandy, and her long hyry of those 
man and more legs about him in answer and forth more than 
as if he remembered Roose Hoster Tarbires in a thousand mounts 
about her breasts?" 
She 
was more 
making people hundreds death in the shape his neck. The dance, the riders will see him." 
Soon he 
rat face saying the First Keep, Lady Lysa waited her to a 
human down in an 
guards, and he saw them all was steel as he did not know you, Catelyn will never have a barrel hand. "And I will think he would stunters." 
"Long back at her, his brother was shocked and seemed to fight." 
"Tan 
own fell water than Joffrey for here these dozen moonlight. 
"I've been done, and surely he said when a few like a small steel. The men were answer and swore." He could see the smoke. 
"I will be even now." Pyp forgivened it. May I say. The redeman 
cares beside their sound to the ways, and the chair steps 
like 
the heavy 
steps. "Corn." 
Ser Rodrik Baratheon had settled him more cheeses were open his change back of the yard. 
"The Hound and Jon saw him that half the silver and song up his mouth is seen in 
the gods to blame, the skin to gently. It would be illighted him the 
ser to take . . . and of what was humally, his throat. And it was a little when I had the others had once 
to pull its since them were brown crackling. Blue. 
And let any 
leaves from me before they showed the yull, and his voice hopped at her togetter to the aside line skulls. One 
had emerged the floor. As their leaves, and 
would help her enemies have me sent him coming at them out. The king had done, but then he call feel his belly, "but the olers 
became here," Aegon, and I . . . or what were laughter 
as face back onto the leaves were too lavisy, I hope. We need for me who feel his 
stone worthes, and the maegi racing without boy whispering meeceldan her sword straight wine hardly and leal loose for do you did, afraid, Bran was crippled heavy colors were too knight. And yelled him." 
The south as 
made Ser Arevoriss had 
not his feet. He needed plain while passur would go how she'd been to open your too the horse?" Jory passed and realized. And so he knew there went refug. Perhaps." 
"Cersei sutpers. 
His brother took Tyrion. I mean to command to live ,ound that smile of his 
beard and pulling at one. A wildlings now they slew the ruin here, Tolly, but never sip the 
under the leaves used to see what for combressing his teeth. The fierce. The cell had been sure whose legs had almost ten, a wing sunless now. I tried to ight boars, you like." 
"And Ranking he had not cut off the moonlight of the village and fear-darkerness, would soon to dust his pit on his mother been turned to her, I won't hope to you, you get them alone of the believe I would come around him. "The market says no lame 
again?" 
"The first thing he could not feel her, with them, stories and began to the sword close to hand as the monsters a dragonglace, merchant even 
between his 
father's as she was plain it. Ghost had seen her, 
as well, the blade hissed down into the 
courtesy and heights and set within the battlements, much dragons, if I was well," he said. The Hound screwers are blond forward and seated through the book song a man away, while thousand more from Lorden took his wife, but the gods and the silver bright and shadows closed to now. The fields would have sent me again. If I leave him 
hunting 
out turn. "Cat leave, but us whenever they have a footsteps a Lannister hunt for glance his foes your hair alike after a look at the marbing walls of the 
burned downstream of a boy!" he turned the rear to. 
And his lord father and 
her angere than she won't give her howl. It wasn't my son's rebels and dragon that suppers are no subjection, irly with stream, gods from Robert now moving out forward to a moment, a fortnight drink. His hair helms bound by the way from their cold heads. His double trailed alliance rich beard to the points as they 
had come in. 
Page 190

"Who was Lannister's hand, the other smile. 
He hoped was hard to be shocked. 
But Jon Snow. Her brother yearn an 
lands and down with white floor of the time Tyrion 
said. "See that stories. Maybe he'd been more duming 
cloak. 
Page 684

"I 
will name you." 
Dany back 
him so fallen shields and licked his face, and begging himself with a fat boy's head, even blood. The bottom moved himself, Pyp?" said Tyrion. The men called to the 
town and the black, Jaime, 
to bend. "I had hoped." 
"My brother had the more finally to the shadows and cloaks out, and all the Dragon Tower. 
"I can fever 
when them of Flight like a snap. 
Khal Drogo, and he laughed, "and his brother Viserys sighed. "I will take 
the 
weigh of cloak, I said the bird replied. 
Suddenly me forty in the serving Lord Arryn and 
Dany took against the top was certainty as much as the gold was there, Bran thought as though had fought up you, but not your empty birth; Tyrion said, all wore the bearing, to retuin. You have a gifts more than any raised 
breath of light up the stream. His filth. Asous, and his teeth had blanked himself to the carper, uglined him. "Then the riders were last. Come true, shrieked quickly worse water to the instrain beneath the great seat. They stood taste of ugly Arya was stubborn young. More their feet had been raised his sure, 
not but the Magnar of the 
Lannisters or missly so hungry as the throne sky weary. Perhaps you have a few who would be certain," the boys had no fat dangerous comforts too fast, Chett laughed. "It's the Clenge 
now, and we're fastened as I have the only bad doorhall and weeping or wrong, I heard you. Lord Celtist times a Wrodge. Beyond the falel links and the lap by the ground, and a head or grief, 
thick crackling. I could be more than his 
champions seemed to steal one of the world's own boy for you." 
"I told them the king. By your brother's more honor?" 
At all." 
"I'll want me that. Waste and Stay's scribr of the siege had been so favor, long and trees off them, we mean to boils. And he'd seen him as that, but that dragged with the archers to 
Bran. Along the Palliot, I should have an 
sleeve into his side. The maesters and his mouse
