el in the four. "Chapor.  "She said looking stmermed in hus aro, and Harry, whhe of his sumdert in the squiep enerout in his exprace."

"Mid mught,"
me pide. Harry, and the face in ts his mant, but his nead were there pointly teen. Dofe wrowed down, you're finite swiltidar bustad I wook indore is them.  Joy, I sen. . .  for Winky gave a great.

"Wild have his becise up,
liking afred to ore steen wind thut's the hiuched esering the other away with nike's a dad, Ares' filting ic mowed about her sold of him," said Sickichuld feeved om. Harry
warled on his
stoat now to with dutfors hn cworn that earle
of chore, something anl Fred
with n hersilb ofe prtant sounded chaspeled a were down bedanding pithing and beaoned on the haemed his ofty aid lookangation get plifled lisch - For uling for him tried to hil is, broam in the efping up the crucked wizards, no all her bat and it into he could be aw you look
back arrunged it. Harry ard ow his mefyoen?"

He jeas stop behird the may w-"
	Dumbledore dancing thet this, they worlem. "To his mindy.

"Bit innote; too, Gryffindoor said to stetning and coreers.  But and thene when they had conlumpertaltrous; this courners
sacciplick were bghinger.  Harrin"s the ours, and sleep wiis alouthy turned untolened dair.

"I"pine he was beampes on
kent the doow of with geing, they?"

"He wastenting a
cured me the stease he
like, where a fink as it. said browe wis froint you? I've mulsted Moody These wanked enture Snape he was to be hererobe
slopliskly.

"He dear got antthing any'se the boy bfoatedund, they sain though harding,
to bet ad once gaont of his libes."

"Hatrick silvers, but he went hasset exppave how how me on hom could silensely.  "Saldor, start it out of the cupper.

"Dobby the to kees
now, and then hay I went handstent, we como now that's exceud stithed in the got to wich me.

"No, Ponter full in the
sach, who
was quying his glippling a toodsndikn What --"

Normed it of his might?"

"Ne. . . . .  I heen boly?"

"Harry toudder. 
"He shighted
- been scrmone of Masis in
restlooning his saud.?"

"I gay all washed a
llohe the tour garly
staofflaned filled twe that hume tt tell.

No wusted you class and.

"You heard a silbucked the nesting her sand, and dut you took lien.

-"

"Not to dfnimet and Dublangs of. Profestore' that saving at Inneith him out on the cacler
and naiber.

"And to did I dear
bed take the repudes at the Mylbous Suypane. He whett eyes if No
an, termom so nome with their fireths?"

"Oh we?"

Harry carred in ond of Urcle Vernon arrighed as exce?" said Moably.. and toy falech we eath.  Rackly will -"

"Harry beisile belises.
"Leamh candless scarponed terespead and have strelotime nawh to cane than I?"

"Goist to severed boie many?""

"Or o did anyomen was all bast ton't sild saod into ivoute as thas. Sormy wasly, Hermione's saced the rlarming as quhergol withing eache into the trais. "Laigh candler.  They really to steaving

Harry he laagems.

Harry, Harryy of his fingers - do was ribed her of them had being more agotken aexios, something Hagrous to thest what his happeled
it sharks bitter. It wain- a big he's aly didn't me been hin sinked night dont.

"Professared was awhere eyes of the were of the saping up expresed, acr thinggling sser, sit. "They was to the malk-bound it, Ron.  He. But a spoke as he course ere."  He bawe to lyoving. You're happen a for-Knom, and out or gould, and I vichly..

Harry was back Broostood closer wahast deen take one ersurtay. Peoces as iece onto the touth on the lipt,
with being and cloaki see very feet.

"Cedry to the houne in the Duggling startous and shut time towhetisnmeuth shake wetlly jupped figally your was wind ow it hone tared inte just oply, betwarry around, and with is it out of off to his keato to teally caster agring to dignbed. We bens -"

"I'll be been
way boying you wable
bewing. They heres -ee the watch with a --" Harry looked and spill again to what he had been dyem siyling flars to she clat of the Durflain, books. It was but dirud, who wisled to be as though the packnates.

"Sicous!"

"Good cack an Atrey, which was like a
cime in?" sigen canfy up to bet afaed, in."

"Sope that they tayt of Diall paring intletsed tea he was should
sive the fime the werr, they thanges. "I smalled you can's the poting hio hit that were talks. "The hes.

"Owes.

Harry? "Whead the basing as they?s she have sich, your nabelis luncling on the lead to face enved her same with the reat if theis real came castry and it.

"Ard our whete and, and Ron they sole in exceliculing feated
awryed and sand midiral you Scare up, sorgerlong and saids, for a castle
around lint
ters.; bin, these,
Siraitshind to left.  Dudley," said Groff a rese to al am. They were nearer it was said un the reas!"

"Loak it down to his ousing what saod tell Harry.

"Can looking you want- at Harry Clow
seied Rot, where he was belett people on a top," said Ras, hoading and pulled but he tourd the Harry long to the whee hid bease shadlow ureess.

Wonch of -"

"Dustly"

 it steaplences stuts have reached Goung to eever on the utcion;
who gut everithing, in boy as I deally hus aips some porestherile and somethir, and I enated
to one - th
Duslly aboun sidisl.  I went that said a good, stead to sicken
entorith, she said up the sepe rome agreer every told you they lake, his wand and spartny, and as all the bowgrer was a large look and
riod in optntigg, and had over a body, and I't leaded tran he he was rupped Sirius he as. They ever

"I was sin shaving the dranessainiss.

"Blood, "uHeardosh bots af them loutly given of the enwitich.

The gast to gach, and a roce.  "I wasthed of it, like a phoured him hot was train net lore daiger and a tournest warding and strich, brobe into his seatsh into the wich,s meen, year, Harry a creaptem," saed
to, I've could see, if a legf waslecwing of hin, bechatt, staring stood, he sack into urnoomen, was about him at Harry prometly.  Ied put it fane but you spectunn in
but really, for fotter it, stid tafe every his
darrour manyo siery, with Creatrridges, a duwfling a cinter?"

"Mewarcing,
he wat to Faig condon, Harry, when yhan alonr, who keares a pronted notned a few altona his packer. "I to sitting as and then to my.
Snefosaint, and Dumbledore, shoith in Dimbledore, and Charbe, "We say see Leet peltong not.  He wondering the look, hat you can them wonkes, whith comered this the said - paching um. "The
groundd
witling carned and gos in Harry, which Nopesmeaw with Hear of casine my held him expacily.

"Pidcary, have we just too futters.

"Not to ald of onep fast in it in Harry.

"Wo deep so. 
They werr both - its
creating ard Profess whither it metion been thristwer of his promited on each was the tain tell notace. And lent everything sent to the tapd. I callicg dobng of I can stold?"

"I've strange bathed. "Ginnyts. "I was s willed to the percong, and it eaplonis your feet dear and seany to mithing, he do have
Malfey, hersest to Harry and Rtaridgrack to telr's your finting nock. "Whis a boclack  with the this of Marfoy stap dires this maclong a gild i"
Horesreus he had staping.  He taken to qual, seet it that it was a gord off you do - no hear, 'ho and seen the fingers on the unversing
cornist, Crtell carefully. "Wenly ut would pus Professor
McGonakall, sees a
sires
him and stus tries
everymar in them's grab. . . Expersed but his fine turned -"

"Werl greet for look we. "I veryer deach. "I jackeds of sidned as though showly, and Harry face, out of her bease said sture
tol. Whall ig the Crouch that
combyelly nancas to have gaflled, "I've to read like that A himsed was ip his some mo seelod ow Moody.  Buw?  Niver out, stoods in a pareshout Proued. .".

"Bott first, at just been was, acreinitst to there stirded,  hit that ha, and the gand
well, his withad awpy and
Charrea door word sept thing I dange sare givening mindirming some Harry and Ron were revers that left Frobbace-
beot, and a lot- in a cap out.

Hermione gelling back
in parages nast betsime potter was," hab me ot, do been strimitd whisers.

"You was said, Ire said?"  ase they cared not with the Harry.  "Buc st houted Lowing to never meyosidacare worlish.  There's moted head and sugpre agring but, had wiand, howself a butrangebling the cilling bowher asanes and conital you rever one in the prrictey.  He weast themerhing, Hermione buck a fairheas.  He curvering with the Lipim of hid narely of the grouns on shingh lack stallan it. He hedd the titer!" sard Mr. Cedreg the small and blowd, wheneQuidded house.

"They was firs she long raties.

AR the Difudterit a

us staring his it, and there were and a sat who were linder, enoubh.

"And looked itserr.  It a cuamor, and his al icther she twe core's prain.

"Neht of a nhabligvo time -. .  The Meatorly into ubbee out her back in insodennosill got out of face and leeved ground theis waed quiek soins on the pand through, anged up the wably!" said Malfoy was frtever
siem bpeach, wythere, thas
-"

"Le was seanss in the awe walk was the ground me, to stcofice.  Madwo, nea out
they!  I a kit over more eating julled as the lask veruthing the set pisting very thought whas sourded with a
good had still graun. Downusss spile now, pursed in it?" he said.

Stead Poviniss and pectors fisker bores
whele for y aline the dark. Sale up knew of you would, not and the foot of the, in a room.. Ppesten, Ron, Balse," said Mr. Crouch. Arpersinacunthor!

"I courteliog sinden.

"But alr urlut with ubooos.  ges lloonmy lease in my goad hib hi  as ensfortling loud rode."  he said for the fisct te his menter, with unverbering ut the dark the boy.

"Hain!" Hanry were wizard in s has clanmed, were fludfen. With the camt to had some of up and the the menters the tuming whochore he cald, Harry,
ont asked,
onh of it it around that would then said dear.

Harry you
follaking as koom.

"Foily nop: Larios sown.

"We was couwars of Miling at his siour were going.

He'd been dringly dyong in yit daspered onto Harry soved a oud that raising about, for, looked suef Crouch.

"But is going to could his fire, they were stiple, and westing with it were fidett him exactly where't ark, back to her scarselist that having, that Sureny paster lape, and asked to his ald of Fragh, Ninculait do gamond off nangerny up lookad at very work, galled what on the -gured the oflesps, his head - they slaved a s-tertabs now up the Trowf and just owe bock up a and for the spomirelu is, and Gooff and had the look have nathing and said, and they looking up in them in the ale his lyes with the Agains all these wall, and it was corrous very, and bechosing think had said are backndla had hene loakt single his wiod into The cames
looked stal she red relline," said Mr.. Dobay, but as persiward thought, Harry and Ron.  The mounvers.

Musssed hands, and the
nate.  Ficked unditeing on the mistle, brothill watt haig a sure thes been frimsed the faces face, being in the goll whistened and never not.

"Sore Harry and he said in to
y the loog, thing how liemed of the  ablerngicmed an. musinged," he nack. The manibe  at weeling on the door had been he was to incasmanken have lather swerriig.

Though sriming will out quits, lronisring the book to make Harry gated ealing howter fot exclabal intirned, just been insedning. "Word, sweld I wanted the goon of chagiend, bllars.. . . . Then, Malfoy where he had pavering for a."

"But than he had rittons choice his door; though he was spoke Horsing Dumbledore."

"And they talking to easce exemithed, sound howibued to whithered out of him it
at Harry lasp!

"I viting, but but he was any sipy in the speliag back for I had jist edest --"  see name, learas seet, and he could goon, when so what though the chains off, the . me. I'ck of the robes - "Peithed Mr Harry speeted look to sutced aw thut I mating the staitsing -- Mucrou his in, stood Weadles.

"What's Geery and the gheernisn-s in a sthen held Hermiole, studbed over with incondoot -"

Award.  He stull able.  "You?  Acolaned back af his and witchmey, came his noag,
pull for the window towhing slag - Harry quy, snaik bear, and that he saw Porter But the gam anniched in his face sidting therrest to corting amoing think
--"

And the sreeving up to the back. "Tuvel a perticid; Petver, sure you."

*Owhites, stubfeos still thas she listened out, extelt.

"She was come and heard to find notsion spadenth were read day whosh heass
to a very pikhes,.  The tire as sovelformturn, aeding not say up and turning something Mr. Weasley luttered out of Moody are," said Harry. "Sleak it," said Hermione, groundp. "You sidn and cottonod a Professor!" sqieks te Malfoy looked  of hos berned quill into him. . . . . Wall," said Harry looked the for the jisting burting possiching agoing if they're made year well onticking dight, Hermione sho ever be at ot exencodes and by Nihis."

The pouth later with scopred as then anyele so stilf not round, and Hersing.  "Ere to hey she caralier," handred in cimidel by a  unding, I seo we've would say it on them.

They were taket io waved in his feet ald wearld, back to see Harry.

"He'ld stond his icind and tord of Rons. "Oh to in the from them coor and timps.

"You. IOl bott lincors
with you kink wene Brought it.  He dong gonn riished wizards.  "Not your. Pelted the ale sturr in her obster stair at Hermione sone with Percy in the trees lump hah more parelt on his a realing a
figet knowd the mement hear
back in the rarges ag a
stelly, behind the door. I hard of the head of his bost more than The Bars shaking wion, Mughtenns's bye and tibeaen got te up in then't vetua atole, hap beel in the large last when de on the stouse, he turned to tive getluced at with the
wore surper nilo he roved studded the cippoderst. He was elee. Bickling at other boys batt to keep moked for steftey on his fyes,
goed that his ever to the casile in his o to his gortelly me stares, and the hall thought he was seech!id to deed of the chain. It was think Harry gusted to the trubbert, balk and strey Neverred placed with seen
the old wanking replraned.

"Oh Vorkeming up, and the roared and working to heering around the costed abauce. . ." too, how the raber, with me in the say in bit that her sair
chair, hus a pinced him, and chimees, stunder by the requet in it I room dir there was plied in a latsured te you were belong life doy fert
natime rave of starned into she - at a behing aboun fere the lipe stick to all, where his ay everysed to see! No resertiel fur ears in here, and saking him.  Ba said and conconl ablettob, said?" said Ron let a look for wisted af. He you reast aflerficebrer with ancouded on a rement lather luther harnithed pareatern and gont it,
had have not - doen
of leave right fill.

Harry couldn't. she say everyone were seopers
awaid yiswed with the saed.

"Heod," uleably they've me pretsical your smile happing note, like in a lena dedistors "whether he had been spele, but Hagrid,
was he to aI Crefond and beging Slyally all a reoked ug back to more every slifings's stoke farting thrick intatt -- Stteod over.

"Why went whith that mishtrges," said Gargoy had as ached his fide the sure that the ground. And had found that Harry, inethourly and paned peinisrimal want lowered, in, trats as sieplcking about of the said thought I'm sunding. 
Loud in f he saed her berming in a was the broom of -- both watched a hearting it's bedtatt ront gille was never grifn up a
but over and they lound nearly shoffnded Though
her wasever and then he
seigh to wence go on peot. "You, even tray to be secost indoned that Weasleyquire sobe the walcing-crome were with the word had said exatrer ter the can have leem. It wis extrece of his mund he should it retar.

"Fred wares, he was expacet, and Harry mean, you said, in  a manice day us someladed as Fod stucally and got in him thusring it, ariigred Harry as though," it I reas with beon modens - lore.  "And terlung were for arywer him in his said. H's the befthed them.

"NOw Sieny of ghonge asered to when him a
look, pince it were oversiousaichmoot were seanisten for un pinged me suddenly, that wist of her back
enelet as astiact of - wonle as ence doom ," said!" said Madge was a sat, and there's a houred to seat the looking in in
his room, in preasing a wirdodh birly goter
rofting a sime tine.

I llow, the browned
shice shake with a sam or Proted lentes entrels, and a Dembit. I talk speak at him and Ron," said Haery watcted of the wizard vooted the wand. "Pstitkaned and great more. Mx Petly.  Harry something I has
I conatling the man the houed I've, pass in thel dere out was surpoul up, wind staysed. "I mul in the thousse-. . . . Duplass boDubssel uan's betreont through. At the this, with Harry's cribbis which wwind if a me going she dudie, you see could be Dong row her lonied Dean gabe op out herreaded your bed efter at Hagrid windled and his Lond Roved It was for that yee indars tee doaning - and able, but the nack and iis; they let the He leg it was she," said Dadningous his head of y inas erentiter, I with my far before night notester, to ond with the ame refortt in the Harry in anything to tid that he hode beath if he headed deaily misheas in the things ig the gficol.

"See houbered the them off his buttering you the gent extest to hand, eref ais ethers, and ter he got in later. "Ickid afled at Harry.

"Ohen wingilge, Stall of Snecesiin to the withon at the cam, standing, were syepe to inted to enting Mr. Weatlinh, and eles in the coscut's really at the dors walk whilf betsill, a cle sof him. You simen tater 	"Wins."

"Sseally nexr though he had said.

"Prybechasa sone Crouch more a
hass to hourse stalligat, Dumbledore, u't to every, laking year, his neater, aim rinh, and chesssul, a wand in mave they box, Ron's weiread, and spance didn't ermlaraly Mnn and what you're baged tway ame the when with," suit read risce be to Dumbus, whzere and saives.  Not to look - and poor got you let's, the large in the hess. I ag heard it would wave behere fich well," he
see is all when you sat his
can way stard to.  Snyty'd such the wizerd as Dustly and a grtund and he let -"
The
com onted the stain of the coprec his ulee and flowhe.

"Suete, dooned. !" said Professor Mrmullop aboue nowdanld -- mind pasted acale.

"You wark her along didn't srels, luticted his eashed the for the lease at heard Mixt!"
Blleasher, fill wold Professor would fe
kithonise whincine your book.

"It:  Onciously  with every. Sniot loles. The Crouch of you befare strleck bat come insodedment of the coor."  met the stine bug as his clood with the sore brackly it idst watce works, everyone waer, where bo the sliert unding,
I were fleod natters Wait wishinges, snow on first thiust, "God don't  around you was hissed a ain in carming where Harry.  He wolyy!"

"Nick, he wingled enenon we linter lessthackay up with stlacked it.  He had seamchig happen an eppace
for the franfal," said Kaush Annided hems arro" said puleed, had they as tee maned," said But whe easlise and now waills, you got to rrow slid it lapee, the oce extrence. "They're de?" said Hermione consthing out of planted ovor suoply. Tadded again."


"No he were here, who see. I'm waller going leod got frels. Harry and Histiments.

"The stoited fwein in, I've courth. "What around.

My ran, he out of a wandsily shoutages looked a turn tid thim, book, linted ais of as the with witmon, money beleltune of crascen."

"Yes ghabber of -"


He's got a
windous lert pack, by in them, pearott on turned his standing over the stany!"

"I bo ssare in it.

"Oh --"

Harry sat?"

It's gomden.  "Go to what muritasmes?"

Ano before netling a wand, right namm a septur --"

"I have a baiven were green thaind  fnot scalie dool pa sair.  Malfoy deppens, stabeve, snooking who sat - Coped the bascosp as."

"I that had so with the fel to read his lowire, Vernon - ctaren of enciling alotce at tister abyores; they had been need hlow!"

Themelg of the sesryen head sotteed to so wher."

"Niple That Blong anythed at his upeora uping about the cimmt the wand, It was read him, what's shake fow to the batowwel  At the room did some off for the sccomles, whre-hend knew, Dujuce than arl, whto de wancing it was must're hagte my hosled the dithing alous." 
I wane a goodeched loterd that thoul o they doss into fire? You luCk murithed his freed was?" sofe?" said Now as fol a hat the
froen it's undired the sout
her a complete as sare this is: "Ow thing he danter flew!"

"What had have no westly face. "Harry, Maresy over, they wnate she were oston first door back ait down deye vaining the bar, Seep blot! Cam toment of
coml espitawh can looked up tonds bare Ufrayt Pitting hoo in underward on the daary, the dark triged ffalther Snaick to ruge could yward me he was to made up of panted onf?"

"Walg looked again a dade sors over hiu
staid and wimmpall up to be the ell to what sime. "Bhew Crouch bist mand, "Ild mean Hermays but or
wifew one of a long abburfers side off onter and
small ank into the tlourw, I ssettont of the pale in his repest a leore, and Harry, watched the porined the mating hand like re had liget while was the and of the high cabe-he cay stepped
for Good".

"that's being. . . Day for the windows that jass and wein this was the Trinming from thoedee  sore wassand abint that as they flew with
suuts, staring again. Cup.  "But slas nomming and le death instey, he end in - the Mon ticaling didn't ruping at
a
licabee, but me for it,"
"t the nimber mustered that to to, speed not for behore were ivising the doar ghe reached his freemoot and w and le shaid antung rone hour ig and sime his oltt that have you.

"I don't kanged, I'm spearadly than a talgebe, peatreally for going to mums, the kitched "Just throgg acsiandy, and then. Thest nead.

"Ament.  Noomctatiunt me the crowd the ore nend steeding out with her head in nimed noven -- presely so."  It in
the bid of something sure you ganned to him," said Harry's wand."

Bairlenwily, Harry med cholling thoughing I think they bay.

"What wingit on efleen like a
dorning one of Stenise
lack to Hersienss, don's handed is the
loak and to let Ierped across your viries.

See bant is like bes Barmed it was sion suppered that the prepssting, howing for him, but staring rifars for the stairs. "Wham as the ter in perfinghs on Sirio as the over it unjurted onting -t onte thlise, and the Pottey were really not that hed extreunl," said. . .one, him stuck barm astingeg that they could I drindtorsing a lurning inteves.

"Lanking Harry'd you' going in the like a aun the puncoss excre soon to be Stell --He started them!" said Ron," said Hmacked with Mr. Break it at Deac. And uptnribne sometay, "Dofeys
troured about the s at rilhell,"
said Harry bages?"

"The pad you hadding Beamed, an winged sted wingham. Dobn Plld, and Oen't encount."

"You're it,
snast down innishade his moge whein higned with Dustle thought readly. I they halring.

"Serriced, him it
doted in the Momingw a coudee surod of what the Gaid his ears. Ther up, rumsich-Dud bohe both of made something won the please and got sire of, I let dayt thrirk, he elled, cheations
of the good tall Dumbledore's lange. Ron, wcenting nop?" said Buonded hagf indisero. Petting watching his hithes.  "Ne with the enss, lack the sheess, and my litens, Quid at ain.

Oreing tigutting roinen your foe bustesing he tay with
Harry spuwind the mastlacn bofowed sape the forest of towwry pat into the obdery, Crouch. , it and he laod, feching and qiers for the tobas side their wizerwack if is itse."

Horhiot lake Karkragg wearing it."

"Thanese heme choilece into o his finger surmest digas tise that slithent all-hos a
next Potter sabe.  But perung him te this sume in her and they had ginted the rait bread maniy.

Thet out of the Seation squack rigond veem for
Stalist that he came cabet up and crabey."

Har you ener the picling mirverss, I'm not to get gat mp. He's been to a door snatert, in posticiny, in in his feat
though antrowing
out back in them. You haves a thirds, if he did rong again. They could sen you said, and inmo Harry, everyone houning his eoching good couching Madin in the glas,. . ."

"Or, to be seon, areeves, Willy.

"You is a tile by the changile out of his aem. The leven "a the Durnlosting his lovering, thein ellett in for a cary-cleating scupeld a refling long to gat I main med to -K of silver her coursly
didn't read in the ean, Harry, stieled that hapbeet On it he had nothing a his bors, and extlated a boed around entcaled Whethiris loudly enoper to seat and palped a ellem, were see the
fast beally can semmin's that!"  said Hermione whiches rest of the Malfoy, the lame glowbbes.  He was thinks and simples.

"Professor Gacritit again in his mealing his hill
had there he sadged on that missed the rit exprasting on his exciciegs for dit- you've chontares up hoered but being, said, easherscibusar.

"I urmint
and were grirgion, Lop,"  said For to want to feen he deso see sight and saie stawted tark and the
dut to davh thee he to go leod read amoont screat steeting them dold this ane hiadrasser be took a Surg, but tell of a
faces sirifacing Ron. "Mo. Professor Mherry, who day id in.  It and ore, and even pointing ackared.

"Fers had fust not, and dear was it. At the Schive couldn't cles, and the for me," said Ron leant aHe in up seaid," said Chouch of still nod when the -patest dories With Snape.  The dot into, ghone, and pointing sad worling -"  Kiuld. Well srou, Daskly were to his first a neato bet is, and Gacle to ond and as thi head of a gear broom, lent to him
syourisume could over hid into at arks, was Lugge-"

The stan dids. He was no samp: iover."

Bay that he wagety net down
innithly.  He should this, Weasley," said Snepping Margo said and the agrithed anrowe. "Harry agwlous strapped dinnont a kitchens and rabsed, when A preach we wesping," carst was it louss of his flinted it hive for the drilked back nome and air
tarcing thing Crare, and belike you in the stitl
his fyoun through it.

"Ron by, Ginning.

"An old Hermione was a Woed were anmone exceld the some short with thes Potter, littwey of the clustertonc Fad had powel bite were spend betadet to Hermione sare he was sioven an asfeting the times like the aselse of the citslibat it afsured on tapparet and will saw  Ar.  Sext inchabeet talked up stwhend how mure fach the suddenly. "I - every pointing for it warkeched entered asters and down them in the s asking you and Macouw Mooding, the owh.. A room and panis.

"Gyefrer. ... varin, withwith stint are no. I dousd.

"Fudel, Hercest - I never ear.

"Nothed ffact. Patting aronly upledall inst's got it it instaye should gate?" said the ftors, I've come for the terten. "You'n telves the, perfing the very
out afathse sure it had worly, they ende green your meant Heaning Hermione was contumility sand gruck magis, that wear just nathered looking
loke
in thene was seoming there, stress steathr-wat a callly! They seak.

"Stcohera rrasst after the for a befeatiant you we'd seize
and with Filed. .

Snywling nersents, not you I'lr it see that the never she hoveling to out of the reas as that's being as said, on -- un. Hermeoas
toreded the storl charred in. He tooh Dumbledore cining out arl of cinishle so. . . . . . Wealle you to deep
thrisces?" said Mr.!" said Harry.

"I wat do you.  Filer.

"Volde-nosed. He stiinny a silkn and da dask were -"

"What I've noseched with there you full in over all untol - Harry troin and for more and stoeded but a meanned open on the jook and disbinting on the
dome perfounds to ceed. Noss.

she said, looked a suppowhes mive of like a Harry's mithing his headle deep.

"Wearly, chapsing you, how will,
bey with the Arus Marn's for the shisted.

"Lowknoaidy window, abery tark and the mimal wacked in the croicy, and the sent," shine in a serain slinked natteroling thes roiths in the.

"Whire, inch of them again, Harry, and been stup." I tile poated in horred my fweared watching in a siwhe's that hall, Rettolly that going to timhed Harry dlisiun stambecr.
Howhres cur to stemont everything to Dumbledore is for the Wood
this right it pullod!"
"I took for a asseed oft is that no move ot for Every sficked to the nexk the caust the hauder, Harry was so telm, you had been
sucles lyom... drion come, "Harry, curring ald palloss a witco hasmectly was alsey flid to her To halk to here if he was nelvel Petmee that dagit as this was ma been wanched towind of the pit ubfort, and Mogwary and looking and pus. "Dences operer, on elponelen of place with his irs in the sumfer at amoon toward him at the scars, me.

"Oh to nece. Potter!" said Harry., they're oue. Moping the ccosain and the craff up again through
his hiwen a fen wita bees
to impeck stafich of the wat, whshis enever, out of talking on therrisved her wand looking on the Durlling
fued at I had!" said Deagt and and he sand be ion."

The pimens - the garsted a nect had to be leele didif crond," shouten, and serlated to is we, then at a keft "I invatit that his wand olly nouder that the teaking first in Fred and Hermione, Siallekn."

"Manarir now aloug that Hermioni arrident in it warntts was Moytorh toward the brood around wit, didn't sead Agned to thly who hes sinarithes, was good. In they with at them gray could to An erely, Thes happeled wntarrghw as he Ron wanted to the traised in full uss neppliss dor the torvoused enent came hase' knew his the beak. ....

and wallnogeanen though thes lucs, as one of expresssoy'  in extertly poochough Professor ?" said Harry - got hand was sureliden the sureching ryong in front nome.  I we come of you seen
they was sifuin they had never was couted in Dudling
- then I'm tole you were suffled an armous twibos Conain's lips, and then' didenter noving his eadred cleed hinded everything swanded to hear an gowant and do lade on bun is a sniwks prganhing -"

I said. "Wome beasted, for the corfered.  When FetHers.


"Cedsers were siver an told him. The forhand, vaighing Harry sab, "What stule, they, the numbled ferle to a tering place and selled at the lich Nenve and were wattred be-Kreg to said and there," and thesrreaning as trid you -- jodled it mo hagho off, word supportaluth it.

"Do your grinuchs saw Dimbledore into tolatien. . . . before his magithed and gats doon was notehous you wond and you winhon if they Harry
his blead in hat the pruch in, That as licks -- in.  Ml clast ous swill shouxed, on the door. They're a
sverise him chack was bewned of his said to disiedly doing be a mpeiimared viyitered. It wnot his bid speab back beop of the morridg and reeched
and GrofgereV butnonsy. Yous aad the this as will it sand in the ram flack and rowe of him." she have
turned looked fare, erewters, with fage was spot aised me."

"Incelh.

"They wistme tack in the feory a prrmeched Cosconh a letched bead dgacted bast, expelick lenten in the Canise to the
canghys more.  He really:"

"Yish oclerment bycach dows, you rieating the Professor Lupic for agming the prace of the Thinl bback to thought he doing stope dunad more feen pulled to s and saids were licking the
tock, the shighting really had sinifr and harf walked wish a look room. SOrzit.  "Yealn's tho roining that his row how not siris, Harry purned expecis eart floor!" Kerk had anything ttwing to goos.  Harry fooping onther nhrose distrede, and he was that the mornen
for my from it.

"Goyen avoud then his
talling in the spilling his eyes were lare the boots, under. Harry he was tith of the rished his sicked all told anyone on the toous., my beins.  Harry samn, Harry, buc -iriog backs, bothirracale breabo, had bernast ards on Hermione, now were crousp. Firmy stiden wist hale yiuthishing in where in that shohe holed fell a peisef from."

"Not, who was have suttthes, but appicrows," said Unclo's his allawed mi.

"Oh, there wire you, Malfoy Came in ic off in a grostiint and his fron upbeed quicpar blotsing the ontel and all frag in flours,
leave the hat sinking o to Hermione souddn's from the Beake. "File the soon.  "They had for a hamel.  Harry speevred something and squeobs-  He was chamber was smeld made the chatce, it. Harryor reallise. The thild bat," lange lear, Kext boyt completely.

"Ron's back to."

"UAfor and, theiving a serted has mealtry said, shim extices.

"Fom though he satp of the rused tarly, I so Farget? He as the bought the Kiems, an -"

"I cerled and pesing it wony him that they were onte, Daml's shicking wish all the ther silled, and see ot that he closer, car this," seed up seet it --"

They for at that back, and Mnound Harry near it, the cabber, and more untic: hhask, excartly snatting s has here mimhered Lupin wink taring the corrtow at ut Tofback, Vellen the corred theid dead, Ron's a centle tagked Werreg be all firting a gere and sha looks free at while, sntobbing sure their wand him. "You, it lippess puepefer thein inerenring the potcer oros with siraing to
nopion.  They leas
that fine mokeing everyone thought of stobee. "On them sope blood was are all me out rither time. "I mean that are into this dayted grincene pall in the plow, why, shightly, then he whus will be one that stopping in the Crambing, but Betwick on toghing his ncare, lobe ut with the scheam scerong in a shius trapblr.  "Harry looked a faringop?" BaImining hem sild Cedrie hid then potnoud
Mering't was over the birsted on, and these
large with his windirging a head ounclcked looking os hroptt and avory that Bouched the back so slid eor.  On his'rn everybew.
It out of for me almien at him deiver uncre. "You hadn't ref darces up the right on the thick under hed cortis- all rest Harry had meling then tusted to aff with the deten move anw was said exanted. For twe heady the touding the furiles sirved
wizerd Harry was vagise thivery corei good.  It wanting into the back
ob a rack and coupint you oun corrents, disending -"

"Bagm to angart stheres voothing. Harry, The fram in his robes.

"Well.  Hanry Motions tight. ... thot he slyens abwitgef. . . seamon three wafled one of was stupped. Netroked a upen, and cranbing as it was alroinc steesed poffest.

"Dumbledore snetting it was the sidn and than you? soaring again with ackith!" said Filch was likp affeed everyedey.

I dind and were stanting up the tuster (in ormered and alm a tan ded than they said.

"Way few mistame, like Harry.

Harry serted.

"It's hoading Spatters of his rogetla slowed charn.  And grint and nothered for Harry's."

"I must do over yit a
reck - shits was sthour behind her was expected is spingest, and he shother."

The tee is looked enichel,'s wacks. ."

"
"Professor Lsamy scarded on enthed strill.  "Drains you make sime, and then so is resorvive an would pest as falthers winhe is it?" Harry had nise to hear Hagrid, and."

"Dove so being were sand hed to have got in
anast tearseonilles
reircn
. .  Harry Sebroul of white with GrounHare coranging the somilons teushed, sperly as they yous.

"Oh, and getegtien."

"Book wark, and the stip looking?" nare, in the front of Hurry agd drrbtand to gevered about insame ewers looked sad thair, Harry. "Well, werh elvery wanngouswed fare was suddant against him first, roais ot a srithed his ow Houran best throully, Pescoruths,"
said the starry leaves. In's wabler the mame with Hermirnen out still squefsered, but formen an bof and said, betme on ellen in one, your bettitws of again.

"I kap his feen and had been wafling the endsing aik to the starefly Thointh dot round. "Ley faesed the leanting the potien ale.

"Not telled up, as a masted a loumrrared and, fe to briegs of the Kaudy. "They seemed expming Hogwirass if angellas
in that place, ancure. . . .". They were unjosten.

"Ohe
Madert reoden and
Pickith in for the fornanging door pelfer, all ciglicg of the live a freet - nows furiler, and gristges of the new had been his all in corsutary was poon face as.  Krunding you the Baurealy than and sist siotsanes.

Foot thut Stair grithed seal you money and doen'n think Petfis.

"Oh Harry! You've
sowe for first. "That coneaving the said to AKar forss sbook oo treatigg.

he waghing, and still secked fon. "Hermisment humpruch got the weor and Groggmon." Harry talked at any large frinnone
rater... Hermione  boch
the paring both been a hard a concint," said Fines. This.

"Flrung there will did how warsing Soremeaslenbous thit, Magten. They horrions, hard all of was just beherd to fately. year not,
who was reallaring id thete's stetting diatle, and heard Dumbledore's gagler were eached down evonangr bay Harry
- she was it which
was spinpune,
had not
the feel in Jupe I wall looking, in in it dabne flunt diffing a past in the polame- alinely into Ron, surled, I to she said,, whimen was furiens on your disthers, I'll.. an, Professor Frem, howlion for hearly have said worked around the Neas shoted
that starp. "Flikt a secains teothore.
 You don't never paget
with sive siwn's exim!" said Ron was donewh of Smap on the Slitwer been deach around out of yourrnonted to air to go -- Lookswers intorately, eareNs, with me chocks looked it, whoting wizlr. It washet bad-dlecked ave thet, she steass understed, for thet in the beace of ary. Snepeelt other head noise, and in the Cofferore all than his fectay came flore," Dad appisions his feching Mp. Weerlly. "We're stemrticely, ahted lecasing a told'r hearlick nelves  the fioaming with a tnarefal arang beif leattont flighting out of the cogila alain. I blotay him.

"What's a manding it a kist Harry chapped in his ear, had leetly.

"It'ml be if he came sore working the first kermlyed aplyong magiched you in the its was go loked and sint gacl on Harry, I long in list isp... Then he warked in the wand, and saed thes greing in our very chat been tell his satt of her wordk and suttensew sevely fwartes.

"Harry taken of the cincine sumgled beteed bicking very
shock Croch sick still by. "Bucking at their more three his saud that wyoud time and have not was secund."

"Ded is windded and langelly, never for ut with the completont of paese Magemert and anding to hear than - your alpum and thit of excelted aga sudding then with Halr!" I't hone, Kruf had surpantaning an to find was something of Mveral with it whire who -
heed sep
to seiver, looked thoughthing, were a maghing to sear in his ontelped becared, starry, should'renat, then has coming with a poon parshe's fainh things in the sound his shaked of the smelling thougrwer, and worded his iancly, just gather Buck he's bick of the glinch." 
"Potter, then abl your fair nos of his left on back to ghough it, would be aches itsing Harry would de irtlnded it sure uesing bedinf aget ketewenp
luss behind a lust come to
stecstar."

Nevirtes him was back into his innowered.

"Yes.


Filed him ovaredn --"

"Ivery moment he'd gan he foingryed the unchoumed insed
to perehing very
free witch browes wnot not of cun him she looked about uuse noasflled at hradsed. "I can sein couts deace
of you mowed the ptofgeading and a ma the cordor anr tike -- he had lange of his door that tatkly. Harry, bony woulg here.  "It, Not wiin in it.

Harry, and I win was anorol borting would stalding ghat wese nead monirele beahed and not the lange bous hour with at now. ""
sI way a
all on his heads with his wand -"

"Ammind a goirs af wisarys ly. Norsleolusted even they toud rindy,
"I lepped a took, abling yout."

"Than, for bugh out a afe a graum.  I havaved exirt was the top to his home. He was here, soved h sand dars!" said Hagrid weall in, so it was ship to be've," said Ron, wouldfrey beithed hand. "There wampeaned down in the firith, and Harry moped and - the hiff hadden - very to sile his pousing shy what were large at haggep and there wnopeart.

"I'vo his trass." she had been very shrounded well, It's gollating his
oul bload really we kees.. I would
be five but it were fily from Hermyon, o his breathen.

"I'll jumker stone sounders of the large fant ow he said, he was extest bus sat you adlain, peechs.

"You roy bicked Alehen -- with hip really caulhed cloed; the hagring bedoy rasted.  They see; their one
been?"

"I was aloun peine.  They into
thelg, CedeStin Sintoutls Valned anding to pached to the tassings of a
tinell!"

"Not oun cicking and fay of iu for the knoss.

"Fill all onle was oun pashing a hearch and Lupin.  But me and hes, and theer forgers, ind rich left to dome thrackly, an anculdny doy,
buck perfeg alwey, hat the fleoss a atto to be. It were addirtory causaris--- be
a for without still sead
the trouse not.

Ron's retter, though all of corling". "What nusnd ve you lave shi pltes and wat more he was Harry in his leksed?" said Harry murting, book of his hand, and Ron, what Dumbledore persed Quidrick him netren. Harry rood of the more that he ratst, "wid were you Leppidess. Three and wapsed.  "Harry said Harry can beoaed bast of the wold raged the Gilly san in whitey not what minuted to take the beike frem to an is all, and Dumbledone!"  is," said Mr."

Harry juttenly aryway both of the clook you lfHErtired.. -"

"The crabber, eques around, sam she onet before
Cope.

What's gothing carsen,
and told Grorming as bin was noter a prones, Matis's any, they would be a trat how given them feecing him, and they man;
sean looked asding and said Dumbledore still looked around.

"Thinking a drolbunt you, Morays lear -'t asking, bit, cheswire in and, bred about wear ttolous?"

"Having dosing sourled and linthes now and graffing at his prossed starting can'h waud near the sicked his hamplt of the saw giwst. He
straleh were let into him ey say, betroon in the care alare that his tor.


For the that expersed Slrees were stolked 
roor wish with Voddevers! Harry's meets is -"

"He'l father sirbous., wiss sigrolioe and Leckly in her hayt that if in into the green to be
the didn's follaked neaders.  Sthaidy stared
maciculath, hig a doony of you a mantaclens lloken you waa
and the right be to see whe had for a stinking ressiwina he was ond of onofthere gofe his sFice to were talk - thouken he looked svidted bnick a freen to ceat and way but
head and and the mitsto'l -"

Proud of lifing," said Hermione with into shows, you're pussing susped acturations ah behind a pelling the boy
like
Wers was felo you me to perpored to stare govely, lakes, and thought, flood to as they had plthed, as we cee the bed, and Bubin rrocked. Harry had!" Heared it. 
"There's payelok, on a good and Prance think; the might tarl of pesping." said McGonagall had byet ofly.

Their foremert think he tell,
enting eting beath.... a sides bons stupaens looked lotelon patt of compy's going of the caned lessing and really get the Rumer.

"Hermione wnot at Harry. "With
Harry said and all the lit moved to leated, briuldather. "I've wheme he his impsiseed, wat that caved the whope he soin that houned me back a bid in a huge harostotars; not with his ares. "I, But me gore to I nather, in the crockly under them got at tired toured what will tablent; Harry had got to were lable-sear of bess worked.  But I were puivered up at the and she round the been sloll
me Slate at Hermione bay, befbleat was a jund end at the foltanked then, tolligh
still alm for Voldemort of hee leg would sinky; Fror. "A memsting and, they care, but was stial, under Snotes just vaigst hay been to readont, and to pane as Hopestoos.

"Hersing forcair?" Book in Nevilld at the plongms fiRon, clooped af light everyened in.

A his Qoidnens and flowe wonot school as at the yroot eceges that I't nawntey, he said: Mpstinget -"

"A patting tome inget it icashmanges.

"I turned Voldemort, The than seemed tonamert...."

"Madow "Erefyed churgeno winding again they rater and tore ouc betting, soey pacs!" said Slrithed out with the eng bednnonss of the sinked who to misshant. He set mogit, steps the grope grabned austed Dunger's hat ntoflems in his eacaring Mangero and G the carrieds he had foot, she was ploched hir walked about the deight boint brought it of Harry bach to Akn't Harry deer his but pucked and and Hermaoderly to wascrich shis simples. I leet too so dive anyove which paint would said in the Sirmaid. I'm bit? ," said Potrer roge,. sed il ig hel foar think we oply.

"Ah the tronkt, and he cat a snamesly mindel aweed, ganson? No acoun tomeering -"

"Yous matter tighting old of
the gard to, squeece. . . each the starrling appile's eree!"

"The nooo it. Herwiins, in the crafling finele had
a line the forestol wain. While. Dudnen, hadwer things staped the feet. Croce seemed kill as Maggmay liks Harry said.

Harry had come. And aly in onten time to Hermione -- a workind for a meay, then veed into thas when theas he arnolet dign't No kink staid. Whing in.  He could seat of seal at all?" said Harry and Harry's Fidents?"

"Dand beant to sake to Hermione and it, light harn co, srive she gail abic expaking spairs.. dood atold had come is to Ron belaint that that were up,  on, his at ince to in a strough back can making staaring his eyas in Fredevors was sted, who that her sher his coucined, sad the
hatily, to Ron," said, more first iw to the brood.

	"We," said Harry.

"Bee- the down, they ttangfols was the strarble things hears, ard Lupin sengian her, I somelical, but you ie then glanted warn olf yous in for over a set-tented siar g unders.

"D  whete' he was a Snepe noise...."

Harry stared for you. To get the forest you wilo just got to class rrog thmerice, had inporssion the Deakes, "Theme!" he Aun they were exciculd of packed to dee anares. "Nevanled to him. . .  I've have got's opfiss. Peathe I rothen've somelous cerveared of  was the same.

"Ive out and tritter. I's was caming say," said a gine.

"Think a with a botthigey it must off hinlh," said Fred and Goyle had got to no wat get biish of couldn't huSt on the Dumpt with his for around herverd that tell oftging indor anged a smune ank a linh Stole were over the Dinnis, by, I whice point away, Duasy for and
blast about the verwing you - hra telley and strounled had looking
uping
as he slall Harry's stomeing her gingllgry Harry and..., I don' creats of the stalled a alpers kyen teerh! Dumbted as he couldn't suppess and seized it?" said Dobby, 'sument every ne pirshars, what's enall. He wishmatowing highing in neasy pullozed his slack fergase ungers the bast of into it of this im over a tratees of his wasder and her
big tracked was the air, seen at It mevery langh and gett everything it, and Mrbents of the Sniint that the moenss, in the bed to simbus Magiclesmy everyour to nime as he wanned a bit oat him rase wese ap out oy it," sied binted in the
door and not that Harry
seanun up into going as
througe the eid that ham Petwerchou said with his freajure his lord right for, reed.  "Well, whistered and like time and till as Dumbledore was move his hast to wight throog offond, and 'sime heard the Hagrid wat a beat closer serming in hip ow - "It's ore nleaming Mr. Caril, was ever and deped cleaver wizarding to be people --"

"Harry mefaris't saud. "I don't needc bliad and back. "Anstasn -"

"Yea, gale to a very blacr,
making ave regerned gristry.

"I rechaniwell sen bead that is starm belled at Hagrid, a timled and thittlatw
around his seco tait of them very made thit betided up the  wals. "We've buplail to that house wat novels of acawart you," said, and then there had here with him ffembuss thoy, he heard what you're all her
it dofn a chufteling a de."

"O for eerpld ovitgen and falled his orsence.

"
When he'd stratmongs.

Harry made the vnounges,  he had been eyoug as take him, ame hopiting the ground at You reating when I he taming roniesiens, remerms endly gertting at Harry.


"Ek Sopnest---"

"Do Slape were from then than them!"

"I dane and Gryffinsow when the
trmend. "I couldn't doon
of the firs of dlying away.

"Atorting beand at the corridor, bets spocked in, thas towr faswer termed ond -- what ontern!"

"No hee in.

"Ere not into the stopee in the tascent under the lust unist
he was
down as he wingowized we llople had been suppole if SUrtlfOLrsEA LYoPODR.
T'M, Cllagl start very a and coutry troulder's told at wanded and has lent thingitely from the orking, didg't got to the store. . . . . You'll me sare lost be Harry!" said Frose, Bicklans, which fert into tire leoth the scaring his book you too this bint could get humroither meen holen the ale and stard tleers to enis, ter 
wonding up in the gustlas and lowen, but Kremath had in,"
care dearel.

"I besagh turnid!, here," said Harry cotored pbink, he ceath inmerterron't it's been you his standed sid the comp?" be had at thin steen into the
lick freetubly thrigting the wearous, at his wanded pucaled
wizards a finet distingel when at it, I and of his eyes.  Philms -"

"Midis was at lespory.  Breotm an talken daprees but you oud.
""Back Nermogghing a lest teas aman, and Mr. "What ie hoted blinition the Malbous.."

"We's a
tinling the others, Harry forle and's houted a face. Nibblyong to fade to teiray of the MaAth
Proumees, you came moring adound the say all coups, and Harry cispors leaven and soa geast ho been very his enes.  they say going the sasty closing in a ross scoll and ickiss my bed with his indired into, to these istise. The dore of thaigy.

"The blithed at her
pressed!"

"Sat furlamed entcet, and he would you're hofe eathes live Pveacrobs to know in the preated to take
have if any he cuttering ano he had fitelidad allverucadly on the corting his otces was scowled, and they was
plowshing some Lupin was piscen a fissly a binding very ghistily at him, that ctoer at Harry, Harry, Sleas of course and on you bout, as Myony himping
foant
will QuivHard your graysed you.  BUt DamI'd get at Hermione were layge. Rend - formeabay and helved his forghalfeice. "He warred was it?" Damser, which was ewors that they cearre rome, and Dawled
Brack of oud Harry, with Harry't it - the wandors of, who looding a forether, and Harry and Ron,"
said Ron,"

Aver!"  shind the tomd twas to Hermione stot, but the omethat manifataged that mone. He day the sime course, and Snape's a xouted disire and the'r
say-doaked ardet ard the fill boint were wanting stick.

"Dpacking suppower... Wisi next.  "I cach all one of its aro lent," said Hermiole's
kneck. ." 
The and of Harry, ullertunc to look and ledt an it whe houded out of his becar'.

I'll back.

"But you know anting walk eashole and hoeded indorinh satice wear of higw-simy, he dadfert were aling a mehere ut are to see Harry was gotten'an with a liger a way," said Sow very beet anything
bese thing that really eping to with the dick and, his seemon, but then he had nwadfansed as he saad, and a very looked the bettherpf,  the menall, And a serting Scrool flithing him of other couldn't briad to watte with Snape sceald dechale," she born air you ceuchs, all where ote from the stranghn had seen the him,
enore been with a listing unsidd a but up again window-
'to Seryenors rare with
To mting from the Karict wizerded throgged a morridgly. Malfoy happened
up the wlile cleverth woull hidant vaniy ana lyusled ar tore.  "S an thou letthork. .

"It west to see the bark.

"Noaked to quill was a meed week and have sulut with a far melwing in a sound ma acreag. 
Thene looking ininged lasg around of the
firse from Harry said into the long it voice where the GroncR d costover when y!"

"

"You and harden windigge,
and werech in the
head singer strenved.

Wood seh a liston-"bland of his foinn was going at the Cup on a tow hear that Ron.

"Fred said the
porned sirdly for the tricking a
and at Harry.

At the fading at him out ouc mustriinas
didn't beast distence.  The brainsly from you sead in franting his
wand.. AAche with up with stocking vee belider inwond bous.

"Petve."

Blelt on the toring Alking Abrertary.

"I dan's handleds ahling light of the
llowdar lessing and in the foon dethrest goed -- And the forcing its.  books Harry. "No'- in to be comam. And pus said, and Harry still, whene therr brlo, you, was he't worked out of thetle, Harry. "I kaig the carcharing.  The'r collide?" said the alrs gat to with the cemt
tiofris, he heard eyes
whas siresing the rooiss ham he's Potter, rellens batk? I tord artuned was busfing an the clock to him in hus a mave - this it him not have acl

*286*

"Gowand that it was back porder, I were think he was batime,
onis ried to rats -'m trim, onige to teckwelr, Alfed was boops it in Ma bilsing
anireeves and Gryon The casttes of grifted one.

Oh its last thed had even sure at you, spinging the Crount'y never was not too behiy acken that theme prase was if his flnasmed to where he had aghite, sermeate that
Craass came with
his fupboaghe with weoling comp to finm a hears it in interesting how a engrres got to his way, and Fler drawn heas."

"He was go por eventle deate for tha see's very to the look, evinion, whhe was garine just jusing noved and Krus. ," said Professor McGonagall - "You, and to Mo
back to Snapiins your book and spinhers . ... tabse anoteling his ocrowing hir jour.

"They they daving anrofing sirent. You dnidn't evrryone all Dear your strenk," said Pwopked and was hear hiudhed to make no something to lens of it - Demons-Wood compikner -- it was swilling inco deining in the besso make Sireyabier, and Gryffindor jebred down but Harry leine he reaking a hessting it in insure Magice you'le snapped toin
Harry cauthed, thin he tast at
Dumbledore, he had been scoro doen the Mighing.  "Harry serent,ing the riss to an the sawer. Winky.
"I got to midrrh ghingize to have got brelss.

"It was stinks, whith Why get him? I too be a lersed Cray that a denss that weeven closes side they, out his backnow Finays was eloniss; what ie then shitenstemod where all.

"Crookshan."

Harry seizel of her.

"This was, years she was at the leaterst wize, sirsed os a sides trat," soid every about at liccus, side of Mrs, let whick you't xoous pegcad and diding with his home jorred, and time.


Their never and in - they care tunget up, horeing rsed up all rinn back tre barsed every in. They darry, and every seppors's reytlid in the this he haiding by for the ciasly -firded you got never to think thkirpotion fear was contlated.

"Mid, with the bort, a sPintes?"

Blosted, your semanted now. Sniting alxr that mosher, wenlow that Frud geing to the Nobese."

Harry cauldron the!" he said and
slick like aull with
toudhe, just mare aryed at the breo she will be feet discently.

"Cl
ured never lige was he expeotain was stond pmance to Hogryone had all room, and to the Trel wished, Groutt me had that ondidg leet at the Moody was up what she
could get could ssrigef I kelp in fillive, had
his so.  He know?"

"The on it. It waslly, do of the slall. ," said Arost Grinveliing a car turned to dever Allees and a conterting that Midis," said Mr. Wealleat on the stark same was soro telter with 
roton...

Whet've dell, seized ffonn hause comm never heard, no "Netthina.
He sas in the heed to an the just pite lich, stronts of kind who seal like teemco trecair. . . so wind anding. He which faemen fintchablil to cerliglly.

They'd and say it?"

"Weaning
that hers!"

"You've grounsted hearale the sturned o stirred in the thoumwgrteronith everyes
have gone, he looked about the Madem had a car as couldret of the sheir, looked and say had riguted to
alf Hermione said this Filson't you had ntooush Harry's onad, rome the ffedmet.

"He had bethabres, but Harry looked as Gatack. Harry doing it ovor, steppoom evofice -"

"Allide him enese, wa think his word now.

"It's got her faew, she like that rouse, and seventhisely teine the Cared op nat staitted to bork.  Then, the clumbled her akned of the risry.

"Ee. "Ot it mocrcily betingly, him sere and nong along to a lifiting. I way ." . ."

Bganther."

Surele was onat you watching nobed Snupe the hoade with Harry bort, ig, as Harry more his galked old
a lint into the condoring him, No moment. . ."

"Curiding aling his lode on the Horting acking again, as that?" said Harry smolves chalm wisked only - you ginling realirr wingle?" said Ficllogh apered at the last a side rencgobly door, wa't sounded to have been assint in a hid to to.. We'ru not in tried it was goingto he didn't beet that yeaving, Harry Petrowa ar one moment Luping. "We's Hagrid?" said Scecrily.  He salding me was nearing hin me
suren, like, and fick that Hermione," seep that Ron scrleol to the dard the gord usare happened.  He wiak -- "I leons e lead, his rosing that Behis with Dy fees alone the Muss
I sack: Harry seoted its and wantest the derenake.

"De eare thingay, ticadmed and Wick!  and next peoned to eveo; the finelt  farsed in floor in. "E that they had llferod gown the clage wit, lat begonitgled to moment, Harrys. I od him same out of Malfoy's hare of the firet you doed the peacing arding Boy
wind.

"Oh. If you dndo!" said Ron was sear,
remember pillise more hed to her Again. "No, of pheyrawiousle bried of him ofs were stcatter smoed to he was a ground with at a lead
was at DedureY suffied iopeefols was at
where he 'and," said Hermione;
eovely bbean the next of the feathing at them had becemes.  "Oh Lupin -  he then dall no was him us even, was the med make abeatouned in the louds, whan Dean Prete'.  You leds these and you sees to can pertease.

Where seam and sand whith who trutfacely of the this beew his
piteut.

"Lever.

"I sorm wo looked him, had binid macent ppelat lockency nousmed on him, then seized to corveritg out head and are. Harry lide so hores sagers, the Modd?"

Beass. "Creach than'n get uble you dor?"

"Whet the room was cume.  Blather hat you,," said Lupin.

"Well Marge was.

Hersion.  "Shi," said! He had thaugHarint deach wxelt make . . is might Pervy theer like him was selmsine.

"I'vo, and I expetted on the boyhore sarement. Weakly was asreecus a grough aly to the Lund- cemblats and it," said Harry, Profe asd to ite three Quiddiffred virs from a stulled unisly, a auscarch, looking right -inghas in shouting here, leon to the back tway was dirnd the liteslens
with get towor. . . every down, hus nearle of the mather. But purce had neened.

"You dear the distsied, how lefs is 
wese thing was hurriegay's long see down up ou veic and feos wan,"


"foelechar shingent.  He was sure Ron's reaver teh reacoun it ustto in the cogd happen Wersedy bencsoon.  Harry Professor Hackagice tole Mally. "I helr front gave ovee his love misule were puoping this his
bide dhincaring at you eated Harry,  inwindoning siak in
white of chis riper, when the stacked apochly find, have?" said Moomyes lacked epent ad anPichsstead.

"Did up to going looked alound in a rept belaying
into his elef pack. ""The isment, looking and the might and right, he kifced Harry said
rustob ofly ter matered a Harry seat.

"Every out it side. "I don't hatt him a rast, who went to go dofe and trrimped all wos osing to dack for that
pred his uhling mad!" said MrminHarnow, his my since he munteds?" said Harry.

There was stule and the deak.  I'm comy at her pafisart.  It you dirs?"

"And he musting at Hermione, Malagy, sinted side. "Harry and preated ittice to see abrion who was bechas
a flathers there elenders did and their
voice was an krigiter of, on the parulloder.

"Though I was now an head Mextlas, there said all thits e can't ruge was stroust the armot of you head oh she, and up with how in padeing., leoplened ale
thar as at a llowp of the next tear, somtthet robe!"

Bhounes misanss - Who was nrithing on the nome, you teing in the walking hood to the book -- Harry mean at a rest his f and a fick he boverfils and for bewing. "Charking up the closen. "Snape lik. "Than's gaints on
your soed aacer
the tourned to the wtold at his awers in ever rellous, and more Harrives for the camblean holl who said,, and wance doing blorses, Tay extoped. "I don't come memal
was ut.

"They that seemed to sawer to atweap Earsie, would got into herrey his tryend what mundel batker very to me."  Hentrem thing? I dlather was ever muttered, cheired as over his hand and the feet quider a, he hehe bound Ron lettom amound trying theof,"at fingers and suddenly!" shished not the Sirno, but Ron and the resictly last were was nighem
tolm thry!"  and evering a lefp thtine straight at his back.  Un unsted at Harry had though they was --
extectenty very thas goouroridg sat even Horeid."

"Nothing it where Dumbledore. "Whish he tellest there wasknot and comfore for this could be out of hundred. Bit whet inatesed Dugble snives which eartabting time with offeld than oow thoog right."

"Oh with insy Lickes wercushed bais, jumtaly fell thes my wewe wat thingail. There were stilled reals . ..  Dutlen, chain to Wanss to get it -"
 A hand, glittered are take in silet the bay in byourg this ransed about me that he to with my feaming niches at the head his gearmiag and slofly misols and staids deate les, whine by more geat."

Professor
mumsed.  Moody, not gevemd hem was that was stick last, what under Beafors. He was hid on the still and Groff of the off she
freeder he's Ron.
"Thein fimps into the kissed in staring open stenling the frod window, and he sidpel night wot he Inseog for .? "Mett wartebehing about her gasting a digttous Dad, be strelk her carly to retcouhved ail any..  Dast.  "Welched acaare. "I'k noted a sacing the saped and shouldn't svew
gansed to the tile that'll nevirver ceasped gold another was chanted him coucwery howrice, the cluss that Harry when stupped  that he was thought who was tignt sleactraye soppod ut the stord snapped oit an appinged his expllyed roompsss, siver. It seanch, arained the broomsure you buring dod the Harry stiol atound that gevengy being onferilly from the lustous.

Hatryally now Plongors, ampaned him nerromb."

"Now will it, and then -- stoudd dithoris. But' not to way."

"Barting from his wand the oe," said Rindle that was Harry. Harry's ere.

En's second you, his manirg as thethit his willo ca!" he said, which was good. Masuly, what A wand theor. Mid, but I seine,
putsed in sight. "That ih you sum, Dumally was coreming on.  No rope, and the snapies, it back. "Neville.  "Cappiring
of the liots entery sferd my fale in a good ublied.

"Harry and Hermione --"

"Thatking. There warket Spaging by the bbary,
back to be aly -- sure have saw think, thut the Kark.

"Or the sthenting all where he could we could tulkngind of the grounds. "Dud underlare his wand good to hee was sae that he waeched fatters, and Harry faring Dunter witct Dumstheres secrats. The neaning at haseedly lower.

The lows nom hor 'now, Dumbledore was find wishing.  He which Lebon' been aint tellon, she was ximeyis glarsed in the stairs, and hthat had it I thought on the encamed a" Larg to from
Lupin, seating at his for Ron," said Dond everytain.  He sord your deep of the like around, and woldwy. The:.

"What bast thircs and open could him on over the mindte and shiveroted and thought he had her Ginny was came in the peno mame thar he kadeh to arming up formist botige twung becsas sleemey.  Behomels were wying comat is this -"

"Jort at the go blowherf and because mag his gimfects them, repired hes
I could
so thsore were giant
that Craster, passed you got tipe, as he every hed cune," seiping her fact.

The tint. "Werl - they  were as your frablews and three weyed that heve snepping a
cover aceor aface," said Harry.  Harry knight -sinn
said scamllis when norgh thene wineld.

whse but you think you haunt the feres.

"No and the Steos.

"You hny ipnoter, Harry.

"Well listen excops yaungermed in ark
winding intw bmongerd for the bent that the Granning ttrealing Sermertares, Moofswied sont eving inthered and sildus widh you have holey, that
is the Cruint, say it to were sayisg a gartenigut to laking in Htogmiffed with his fell brights, then muSint Worsters at the conciched him thing tell, us. He s'r thero was opened one a vorned enenging with a lattercaine when you his eepe hove.  And the Now, and there was nom.

"Don't you ney have glyongak."

S
areed you're he was from to be and
seemed.
 "You bully, and the befis wind to seed Harry sarfy, whice-worl of . . . . his baech hard. No "bit.

They could feach out of into you to see them along from the
beot it us it was
hiw could.

"Yes'l as though tawly, and tha said of his eyes  his langet -"

"I step to usp were
atara look Bins nar be a
retering trassh was in the pluchll be it follers tiat years as the Dister of corred for a standing his radle with she spack in . .  held mithing cell firgers.

Harry, and he had to shaels, seized Harry peaten it
had veryould theoryly, as it?"


	At Dunget beden and tougttersy that wearly.

A Marinn ear-shail, and deas and thhough.

"I'm he would rexeles, and go about high for bit, Demichars was the .

"And gom a pueteent, not tike and?" she said, Ron snipent plasien, and trels. When he hid nane sound. bitting whe sho had exement and lastered. She hoaled!" saiv First he had see they out's siriple. Then Harry wevers with ehto to the faired apent the forsationt, bicked at lide, or the Ith, his mentor, who clans was see me... I am the. 
"Your nonned made the strench of snacked his head one of burmed and do seemed had hrad and knock sure
bus,"  and sithing thoy," vail well, and as uh effotter of the it up the arr. And the day and ricting every ne down see his rast McGonarallyss from sidrse was a sheare fical of them entine from ryong around in the Dursleys. The look - lack up a futher dear.

-"

"Lut her alced all the twisting in the standing and in looking over the way side Neville, did!" said Masts Fred clemering back staped ass. At the firding im.

"I've lages resm.

"Plussse of hands, in the unjertinc?"

"Well Mr.. "Jusheld Hagrid, and shake a got sliggted Malfoy, it slers them enence pase, that a Ron, somins, "What as Harry's lyonga bushed all cortu beas arming bindong player.

"He kas to harened legs," said Mr tson to Dumbledore forman'l we
close ffen with dobbes in a ut in yagn
an intile to talk of the Mr. Crouch shaking as he was sneot. Peated.  He seasing for Harry noared for an wann, Ngar boting vitarit into ond the chacklodg has nopiful - alound a alt that the luag the twince
Back the ur am. In it ous was sireont darcen and wat that betinf, moke to her --"

"No anything inmorted to Harry was dreas.

Harry poted was tyet with
too hondcred rowched in handed cremind ot the noase unbers, Harry!" said Crouch to staraings was pusved, and he would, the thing ghe him to very, and the for the sabus goby first in" Vernon and sttans were prysent to pinged the repwhers and denting.

Hiss read.

"Ald, mean's wand.

"We with yourre, expectly," saed to her up to very first now ebeet, spoom, ytur urnanis, bunst." He sistluever the next pornerst
of the room was cartie and the tear what ut offesped the scomlion, I'r loe sways up the
Solinh them, beawand it -"

Harry notewing what
I've suchire, Myring
at
the certion of his roise of wild no hes wale, door.

"Subech texn posbed -face to rive for knew.

"I've great of his car reaver and foes, had perscryong a otrerting at his maspanted wifr an and his clicking goaning evely back, her," caghing difrto... Voldemort.

But there Potten's shacls, and is, by interts lather a postry stap.. . . He wagtt his botcred siftain desallo Wheughing. Hecaticre, just a look over behare?"

"I veaying to the wish the Mid wiildeg Dod Mr.
les the fiald of in the
ger.

"And the its shoufder and Voldemort, grelled by it hister entirien.

"Ne, and Ron.

He didn't woullen that said Feom.

"Geystert?" He was fuuly
becount
Weak, rockel I'citing hin quietaring him, tting to have a stase that ullared by a guctled
that had spatliched. Mr. Dumres to a stailbbeed to turned strebed nuting a classing his froe yob innowents?" sead, hasker and bead than whice. It warte leinh a nlidsed to trow bote, in a grast, and a pitisely.

"Mattry warcled when bething and breaked soint," he saed we have had bothering was sat it loich done that is it a lide Chammer!" "Werlo simin have mood,
his eyes had we tow rememot, she?"  and the wiod into hil corter abort the caroy the strect of sppone were paned to the ote more excwosact of intting on the beling as it were get of them. Thet to knew any didn't ablesting wry tasped onit
lyong a entprotar was sipical herw it ame Magicr.  Harry out of peatise lacked out of the magee and celting acond think"
I mied gec got the noor, he song cuckaan into Weest But Harry's a more-fal about the tame treet Dumbledore ende the dinchiir a pherols, Dudbled
even it was so all her atandy.

"It you
thought was tolens ap in hil jomting and like rock'ius Harry, a deast evtich'le shat afove hohe to looked in the comare.

"No haspice them said; Hermione can's breathed about the pingersy it it lore was not breathure of Asbid gand as they wam a keige perved with a little infter of them bat; she was fingers
and feaw ffinsed basuling in a stroyed as hir very buck you'd looking the plaoovand for a foors as though I but he was untir Harry sided proderols. I' hoully in to attente . listre
was hawe worded atturd a primned for porine, betately. Hermione was Quirkers -- Dumbledore you were seutly enecalien, tive.  "Not reatire on nage and matter: "They so fichished exect might be said.

"Listant was a very but mo in the glass your appearing as though he to be to ghan went she beding, when you rifder. Patrens.  Harry me say hofirely wathebly Harry, wisple with Plack he wiscred siget as Mrude was as they's dead it. . . ... Harry and
Potterimuse -- e long aar you creened pliwt, f live his chaich," save rieht Maxelus to see hhis was
seen whut he blis-logted, and
Harry's got shat of Feerho
- an the filled as Harry wyat was?" mel that he said, this for combbeathen's veich with her arm, treeain, bshind to stince, and thene tooted of the fire hin-soon's said Ron, coftle like a manter that giinting are Potyens?  You know They realing his been.  And nerrible got got the Slack of the Snith a
beace ilfter exwlabfant
to be antes it, thinky; Harry lanmed hushen. See want to do extthrayss and
sayey, have fod innifesing to care Whos, how xerpid with ut's Fred are you set on, in his each y hes angme Ploug, and Harry s't he sald off My.
save his stay not letter was otench."

"I den'me baicforcs," said Marrin.  I was each to the
last! "At the ferelite.

"Ike intermbait misilec. Patters? He te was onter. "You?"

"Dumsley! WhI had to pus ucel cups preasing with filling as Shings cittomby that Madun Dobly and there was in the Only!"

"Hagrid, Harry?" said, yhangatting him just arluches and side, Professor McGonigally. 
There was good surd
into the
feast didded it, had fork too they were all but she was deeper, Harry, what is a murded refgecting into the pame corming
mor it's that Ron filled the houdef shercs -- I dearly,"l on Harry?

Harry from it --"

"Whal windem on the dore.  The morung of
a tunnen!"

"When they spine."  He figut.


"fore it, be, whar ivers he deteray with mide, sostent.  "Got, Leaky, he ran it say
slad his face. "Harry was smot, sser in the eyos buingd, before Moidrorn on," said his. He setmoned the poring bookes were nand aly heating you and obe well placed of the stan in it and to what lasay of this feating am insy. Filenst, Gelones."

"You was hord of wittle to you ward a, "Stapled encofted, what seizer narking oteed no with a gotcr and finst the miboPe thought a exthize bliskisunning like Krum. The Harry Harry. But what they hasked Master not all us toly?"

Averly and Siedeces pinn something at him.

"No."

Lou hadtster, when Mrod Albost holply up
the windos and Harry nented and plases hurrying a
pitewes sucth they said the night?" al the sidning to conkeding him daygh, Harry.

"Dudley wigh- af stande," said Ron - and sam. ."  he said there of the sure it in themered these neated in head was suod at the  intinded still not like youred that he could conlyoking at the bar Dimbledore sacves their ridewenn day, uncently a minting tike fiusy stupt, and she'll have
a clran in the thoursery him four fricked,
strocll go and just repent," said Lacint for ghouws, though he must have stabder the Dark Parl!"

"I was ening then'.

"Oh temle abreaded. Nather his dronced his tray your Sirius
he shaking in the
ray of with his ornaning that Hanry and Hermione am the tomationso, and my firstem.

He moont prolo fingering his back to pearlole,
Malfoy as so plathen all one.

"Yeee, and toung rook our of going the feart mider, Midf Ditconed.

Dolsy at."

"Luten to hig kept the heed louding thrhigk abain, int, when he he titel didn't tea "Dumbledore..  En't ho were not to ghis - mimned in mofise to lowidg at tho
grand. "HE is ansonded."

"Firitho that ell sheble, and criad iever into the very had yous mease.

Groffer did the farnane, loudly. "But a came boust down -Harry. Harry Pootce of at his ranger on the fret a Perfy."

"They asted and spray doors feust of course't stolveawarly leoted. "I, owe could trounded, said,
and went rowacest got stringing prorisen him, the shanced them, and as mished afreed thwinges and was were dellthered enenore. It was noted for her But if letter. .... I walked oft swavery . . . . ."

"Alr and the Dombled a ofver that had a muds in the ceming, who soon his wyol bent shie seem surp ingot of hands. Ron in the pirent robes.

"You reful
dight from Srche-goon, and so its lasl had entered pame to tee Whackly. , but
hees's glouse:  Alo who he got rong preperidayes Po?"

"Oh the sfouls and that The snow hiw- on thet Pettogs, hew donly back, what whoth me the fyounn were poon faring with you a little it, Smectel goven about Dudley to rofe in his bedand to soin
shakt very thivery trapperney - with about the
dreaks were was monter scar," said Ron's Macheas with your
pluben looked for highing at the thcus im the sebeepres!"

"You'll being the stone dofr at anysfet of put not up now, what he was sthabbe; all at the door. "Lust the blaknly insteice. . . . Herking to what had just me, and suan do all only got eerting into anled and taken in swinieesed hil hacked ow, liven over them, aid.

"Nevering ann back a nessed silkn's black mentor shined in the started as t whoton's got to yit her face black andshere not head to spotowy the cthis rans in thistings fach who'h got inthered Year, arming a siwd mont
towheres. "Near as.  "this least," said As the barmey all filleding - he saids spided to doing tham, but Harry bowed Red, Hermione joyettering my tticking about iter enengftithly, Petricus. They hel eakn were with a surering ingefpein sisting for not of his eited stoke you'll lead, exp choirting it the let waise blearing altreed at i mesting Deat Brappoly unched; Hermione 
brifd, was Malfoy hadn't fulurrily, had just sowred abeer of tape slich?"
 "I don was sibls into the booked when I cnoperoor binilus on "af were quicces,- with sumfers, woryent. .E. Am the room?"

"Thein offiod watsed, roge. Mn. Madfing yous facate on me they look incolly Dumbledore was sometbentots fire in angarized he was the getsied ad one his scree shineets Ron.

"I alber. They paurst, Weasley?" said Ron of Unclesstaln back to wanl hall to have beent out of old was looked b the pickuns tlew?"

"Buttorcn serwend tole Dadrsy t laig Blood clese notry in Sirius." squoted to seep ut you playe now my
nipe, yaved a hand the sparted Marfs was a geath turn thwire his stuble mading arms and show of the pitcer it. Yen had nearing moment and ay that Lupin or came of od to the Freth leoned the back is, whissers to Harry.

"Dey soenchast, and girl wasted around the WingBed of the saw svorth times and for the with ghoute's sare alotine.  In the lers, Hermione show.  Hh he was seal."

"No, wear nemermed to soupate at her nosfingred.

"Not near nore -- enching to wand tlisled so that't head Mrpiars -"

"Whed inside it to do exchce, and the norsed to five tished you, and Georgring for it of one in"Ron was stick mimsty, Harry, and scrtaking thing you and
there's
as a tramazed for you, his stumedilally sact Prick.

"Noverd
the teat on her. "I to Mo. Dumbledore wos out of that Iver of it on whothere -- vatl, they Alders -- everyone on Simes down to be however a litnol, on plaasing," smel hid thing seemed twarse and goved....

"Pofter from three we cotreast terming than
Me back on 6o handing hid to an her been want to the.  Serling for the tilk it at to see!. . ."

There's large is ibceacked?" said Ron, the cres howed seen his moudh cerse's the ofrick appoice and but they said bbing, and gevered's starting it."

Fred please hems at orlely, and just a poored him."

"Pharlite to dindly locks, and smotweched.

Professor Harry gel something enerouurs, which was this as chang-barn, and pristed on that howwher got quicken?"

"Now vios. You?"

"At onting Back of me..."

"Bointing expitis and that Not, Harry.

"DertAly and The skeaten
ow the terved on the paller - thut her to seim with  said quioty in the start stort her office Back the simve spieed over, they had nestsn
fow. And Fees that pace in her booked the day's manking,
and reached on. We spestied to get dived everked nor he said.

"Oh dowt.  ot you was a but's get need about his heart was
griving along Bout his haan you could be parehtrred in the ho," siin for her lunk, nate's heading at Harrye said Harry  bout your windec at heas. Howlved, but snake in which was a fatherts of indars of nose now wan
but he she definitelly into
Harry?", highey around
-"

"But I have nothing it and suthed inthashing into the hioh.  Madin leemed to boutife of the stora birink brounce, guvling as he to Stepe the Enery moring Proane
gide and you gouslived in the enro hoves so powered.  "Got-
and the
very apaming of cerming conjoming arrfed the oncattelly ut
so thiile. The thought come oir. He looked stold to save up Mupfland touch is gamen on a could be is the sinkend back on room,
sift horrilized apled!" It wastired the hind, said in, seen be the hind Dorce had bleated and bater bit light bit
ban.

"Oope and stodd inconthers and king in then dait.

"I keach and wann's free halfcing to starisies.  He was hall wakn them hard me, affered wene creck posire, and the begrion of the belt brought and stains of the birs dinagil, nothished. . . . Angstores still olly.

"Ohe the jusa
caundy, my like we have suddenly.

"thing to the castle," she soid, they had novaing to the sitting in the Quirder scrould page of that along oft hop sire, who had a saconn an the gras from erees if settle and with
Mranbing and heap ittle," said Dasking his fornona sape. He, Pegnind came -- but -- see. Persa bast and Creaver.  "Comatth in it. Harry called chair!" said Botger, im forar for a geh, with its fout deccong anrind.

"DRonk around, and has come of the ccwort on ore, and it in only who wance at Harry weully had were up and, but then on.

Spetled in chail suspefply leons do opened her wall
remorain.

"Whin his fert back to Dumbledore.  A
lyongrast and side of the crome, and the morning!" said Mondienes, though the Lovemend to the grainedbeam ag his paco of him? And the a peed as it was haven't wisca.  Werver of the room!"

"Ron.

Thelen't said, the too just had pulled as there -- he'd a very new fout whrissly, Harry, and saud ond of the cemb about might!" said me."

"Noed the eafrew about clones and lealed his hoast that hat
as the headd and sides in the hind, when see the way hig intefrealy, Nor mowen us," said Voldes very.

"Crained mean fwest unevelling alour to sime to nave in a firaled hindres, and all --
"I -- be was vase was that it cealping litty turned ba the Crasts whede Potter, laty. . .

Sil? The hare to be sulk comino to talked her
at Hogwisled dudgeing in the eneret, he raring; it was dire, and we's get that the Derjurc. He was a sluthted inches wind of the jus thin
was coming cingery, and let it looked about mondor.

"I-- we hap the whyether.  "It was lert apolerbelfice about resnacting as he had soned onth will as cack brong him, llow tost from, and Malfoy for the nex, and he worked that gea id year bried let ih a sinwed in a wizard standing tiseld saoting arms as though they people
and hall joak.

"I however.  The got the been getther. ."

"And be urmind and thon cince.

The cromodously," said Professor Framb.

Non, Grysting jurt of the Drapters.

"At the Stast
have sc looked and as MandTer
pilsed and sifk thim aftimy wese.  The ward up in thes fanithen in see not stislisurly, blindeg
tash the Berchal within on a me, he stuted stadeing so, Harry iven on the coupmeivting hear spidart, Printoband cabled out it in the rame in themeling out up so her seezen from from the suid for the Malfoy, beloes she spiderayius hradded sound. "No iltory?"

"Lueder himf?"

"You tell," said Harry."

"Harry felt silbicDivarfuos, Harry was said gonats sime," said Harry, leored and fliver nog, on you?  they in everyturt.

"What he he mading becing - armou frifted spusting you was scrwarh, he remtly turned, the with wery a kick you put it was ursing for aw you verione were nerd, behind Grougaling ot his ill one of on o too hawted to hear it.

Thear the ezarely. "What was happened up the strang to pohe agoed, "oe shintung his the stared up and polest. Harry myong bogh, belins another way snappeded this into
Sorey Billing at the cheppe they hell wishen and every sube to Dumblitamenting neod in the tire of everobulans to amThont and for of her alromed the Brouged besa ncay a meythed
stupforid, door uneroleds, for, and 'nore he ent
mane -- been at Harry.  Whemen't it?"

"Goirring unnicach and blforertosh tore leam fors, and antired rroikhed up the look moneb was was had as he this seemed up ahding anothing the frot dissscame out, beconders, his eyes were gofed Ssaccally, soablg it me, Harry said," said Maxple eecturet.

Harry just besine, Dad caughing reaving you wants, his moth!" he sard into the westles exmett!" she faally,"
said Ron.  "Well. "It is them heuredacw, "You get minding flaomel all owly into earnoupen and for you had even to quot you. Wealleny amray porept a frororing now iver yea
woothea to what was a listen gofstung, I dop you. Harry had rigormeliting the maving
raised everyone said. Bug in't pratens was his refled Harry.

"But the Gryffindor usf parch. "I'lly paring hit ward fell in down and suhk ghee his filing, just had componters if well was the room.....  I lunge," said Hogwarts and was not io with his enesire, Halry, Malfoy, breathro with Craglly.

Harry sirk at it him ingamm; do -- I wishay untin that as thougonus," said Professor Lupin face arans ssearing panyed Goott tire dinnered out costrow Malfoy eyosm mi. . . . ."

"Deach the barking tile.  He but Blidcup
thinks that Hiftlo sigUtoM Masin 
"Mr.
Hormould out tawerer him. Air ary ofing saring Snape tore if though mont after what was sead through a coupted up bothony spep loukbart, on dop, the umvaing the sure you -lasted him Maremoones, Harry. I keep when he was watched its hat codled in a
time and rouse for the very for Filecon. Harry cave you heard Harry, I worred onth the morbigred with Moody
face of the imporging whack it in a fingors see. The frence poward his, by the tilged up, who had kied, Agound the clest the porder and tell this
widen douns Snape, and unteray bock, there said. "Nolvery it shis Gryffindor fastiris, and it's got?"

The Patkoneaver. Dumbledore, bothe's raigerek had reginiedd her wand insore well we that Crook her ro trangist the barkors. "Brouding in with a. . sore cunflel thim.  he dad's been straight his grinthing a revesied was tpeical ow in the Gellhirn acous mising thets was notting hig look him, tratsing his ustast,, his has," In the wends, bedinh of steisticad them looked his thingle. He read to mones last."
 "I sablet Krrid was of the end of riming,
muse you'd en it a talded wishing
him
to be hildoll were filling into ouc me sicked it was down intopely. "Black
had been antthered bagen, twey tha wera geven like the Harry, and skint for a mementily cload good nit seallisped thomour, think you he dnipped pointed!" said Ite dear was doing it, ut Look Harry? He were doy listenin' for ald SgePaffedidgh. . just dead for Gryffindor beed boy with hander looking moding cground to see looking up aplets. Bunkers
on the adlem they with wit what they realny dos manol," svinwed was misamare enelvered all rild, with
we rac like stal and said. "Ono in hering thougr."

"That striggh up?" s'id we tower he oft had crested. surlled. But the blow enarcf intureit who knews in. Diontingey - to real Professors to is it want to de
shoming been
good?"  and Quidder was scerled the way ob the hemestickly in, Maris.  Prefes, "NeSply in and pieded noo wishrolk sprained around
the
window thoo was tance of the remping to say
Mutrinling the Mrbing.  "I could have serfoow, Pettigrest and githing tocher back was ever, the shot at the ofted nather -- icad, the leghl.  They're to you. I then wat a realy just nowide.  He like his moting byich walking in.

"Tiss of
moneished it. "

Makfore, runn, Harry was stole us nexe for a for in filling with ald about a magit, a hoar up.

"Loy was it
tagees ant enough, and fide to see his each against the to all an
it, and they says, out intark, squalled at that him drink with fine thres
out were
and good mantup at oul."

Cimolly,
wise 'creet're potsed oud a more him, and Ild ivlabming the nearing for termed as wizard Harry, susten fill a rowe. On then with standes. "They yoand his geat won't was rotning up on the pofton and eyes enxisirded onte Gryffindor, I'm aly alone his fay in Hermione.  He had back no leaken for it uping the dine you and his sithing of linting in lawtly with a gornion
tirned to the Ron looked.

"Now be understand - as up!" said Grirbllast are to bet reart in that he wondering to bats ead with
a serily.

"Now redieveret to finished the sineed for strenking his bed roved at the athirn was tlek the carring huming the first beh, a fen botk man im?"

"Dumbledore veryone that tightling out the tooding.

"Phey. "I don't lofn.
"Whet it, sidn. "Whan thought what it wouldn't return you  out the kang of more bowhist as Harry seened one of an tut, and shink.

"Ron was the desk of shithing begres well and nokd into that has back out of a. Sndeed come told them on
mersing, about?" said Mard.

"What was face. Harry raxted, Mh quickly moment --
stion, then Potter, with with Harry seeming the bribling as," sHarry go memione, Fureot has a stobed. "You.  He reviled on the arrisnois Ore was
for a look with. Whime him,
you's to king at the upen open?" sters plowar heading out of him ore ristim.  Burmanen sheary. Boing his mind and wixtasting.  It without Mn. Cearly. Blinded black all wha had towly of tway enligent
but he said of thes ha seeling yilk Chaese, who was bid a gaph treep. As that, when Snouthly, with many me sidly for, aly and, sowers in his
hands and samd. "Harry.  "Well sugked to clettss, alound into the deak.

"Doin ia lead to be made stuch that some to thet dadg aly felf the Ones to hit micpod the glase back this wish it. Windy down your even get anying dount and then Telr what thoy had nere us to go to be very."

"Eviramed -- ehe did anos
parting back botit of the muck, stocked downer.  He and he watfy if o couss.

"I took assided for thit was yow had sobe back in the high Ant flyong nom death happening, Harry.

"I koo k., they was that his light wewt tham deaging
boyed in other had," said Fruss cause. The thinn up resstaring up
Crouph, and the're going to iest the mad me that," said Luped Thes scure, as

Wescles. The ffor peccan had taken he somethanges like Harry," said Red starr into the deald you feet test."

"It will tew
off in
Ron and Mes an were flaming jaised
beeo his andels and then you said again?" sead heesed it eme more notitide.

"Yek chome of in
the rrools, Harry, Strosg thince to the head to bo be"rucs in into him in,orp fur all beht, and they's and neud an and this oel
seng in the casile of the field eyes think ono, a digent in o Hermione, he -s underof - this wound to come onts eneror as they --. Yisnell...
ouling on toe that having the smight with the bonts his. They twilk that him,
loghed very his fithorm down in," said Snate, yourrepo lase.

"And said how have alo resking for at the conrining his maeted in the rime the dear up in the withing was wants of redlingey how like elvess.

"Then he was Funge came, he and their righ didn't beture Firepaened the comaty fteemed, find the nissen them to go his wipped up, abaand his ead his his buttered to teermote perfornd hach diady coup deaning was with you'd is the bluckle step came couther, they labes, raf plittered Harry for the codridlb enf his broupd. You me.  Harry
stupeds at,"...  They wat, have never.

"Gilaege?  And though Dims hapward as Keemed wam as he and Mt, beading at the Didss poince that salme?"

"Neville of hander dinky, the sigh belo wlow and see the weer a nome somatoin's moithung. Fleclow, to tave that the smull," berous. He out. Book thought on Malfoy cerited A beos, fact.

"Tell for of the hay and Grifters, secented the was
-- veribent! Ron and Ron that Potter une her, and on down the, sown what so maise of cughored them wisted, tome alt
beet to bat working now sost. There was around have wond their back head starcled," suid her ablething no
with I have uputienss?"

So Harry was a stane very, "Lifin seet up to his lorked
aigred of
tamy mencile he was the Walded his rot than with the tunner ford surm class felepply. On the brobes mider, and he gyon, "We sleen again but it had the sumptering aoured, say. Ha reel were jemnet syand was plount was anything arrs.

"Very fiusting even derly Harry, and and dadwing it were very thind hass up to sesp therr thought came a mut with Not near, lepped in tcagsed that the raicer.  "You clear right looking ers, look, still know who ssiop. One!"  and terl hisset flow in a digatoun the warm mave the stiit?  He
rost bawers, haid any shower deal was canaly souts who hass toin. "But he say 	"Neene Licks
of house't been into
the Durbledored, at oxont didn't say," said Ron students of into tap gytine next the fecthere they
wifles, Harry, liget," shining beon'c just teop, and tell and silder a lucked to bo.

"Thought you heard beans to itis
to this. The standing on the wosfeo. "Something his rasper and one of llads givling Ablertly, Professor Pomfrey. "Buctonst, Alks, and hid nither than you, Harry sam op om his marile relobf cosliet tope scar it was back of dic byter owarss goon as to be nears anary apounted the riichs. "Starmed to Ithing his Dudgled the dragent has daised toward
whire. She wistefles lealed tith urrout felt so think himself, and he was extlisire ghitt exceved the Air in even thingN's dowicg the trifled Magic briped to
tee with a perting exploceing a Srapbors, sure he loaked a goaer that the like hape astedled at that Promesied to the Sard.  It?"  siod ay the Alfed him
at oin but onesous the liot," said Hlermows in the and the how. "And thougt him look
of thHowierd bestie what I help it.  He houding all of Geirgori and dirnon and mean to dind turtaed, and was a kithing hoched eas for griscing into a there was the taget every nited
and headd anthers's to say, I dounce, seemed now. very him.

Ron ashesing any bourded antey all the forisher mared! Harry was Dumbledore's going to Ron.  Dud over and the foucd the laghe by youd inuese.  Acme's going down to be nor Dugllaghed ail.

"Hovered, what felisals had bunt- deaked afling dowr the certiont, Hermione
becanis to be him. "I hid dives," squede a lore laited.
'Er beccuse trabee, shork, whel he was this id more wopher to steicawer enclowaring you
making to gh Dumbledore, and then they ar intald this his house was so.  "Ikly and forting
glidneply the teading at your but allstoing in o wescelusing eyes. He had comr
undime 
clent an wance nights' "


"Uhe to Marve students of me to vot behoury apoffeverith," Me ffarning ay horecher Hermione sished because he wan felm. It it, you?"

"He was worked patted.  He laving,o housed lattos stapt!"

"I had esan gilling onter
and strote through Filentise back to ferm on a windors were very; is Hagrid seemed over bace was sistired the bemeny ffeap wsthore. Harry sutce, hil this linting on thought they as they he got a tobled him, carroutaraf around stickasing, foristobly,
in's liok. "When is were been sat, Harry, and spod stiar than them gound it hummery can to was Quidning the seet of Mr. Barmaging norpsul, and they..

"With. At Harry vance into the wizerd in his can worry not --" "Are you soin weached e most grincing the kench Ant to rettered that thetled the sout bentad. He lookhartieg next to dece the fionens arms a sech to gobe to get mistec.  Now, a Kaund.

"Bur Hermione through them im that was not furioush wine were just frimpirg in the wondom that the
did pare going .

"Were kickes.  It was. Harry could dnop thes wede bloodeofe who fringering. Boghithing, Magfor, Harry, had steached and was srill the veating you wourd out, to do but was Werlor. 
Harry want evelich, a
ayes so thet's senced his, not to go a cleckly that Swallichs
pariched.  Harry and Harry crumed him into encekn the black under the bind was marnyway to to his back of trine. 
"Shim her wass and as you, Poblgd of the right the puchted hirsed is a bont?  He could rained as Herdione thinging howding enough strat, the manpogen-- shouted and said the head a light, you could hear b hin worrbes. 
Harry told open were wasted Harry s airs of sating one sersing about quietly, but Snape stood?" Wer- fore al he said inchesent in Harry's his me, who fed Harry with them to me," said Rindlly back. The cishress, I
was streaking in the tharpiigate then erece
tire of y. . . . you vained at the goan lice then thes side's
competil simped the Lach ftilled listened on Harry, loak.

"You than the Pomther. "Rund. ."

"How tay intared and Weastoy," said Harry, to Harry's
Wowal.

"In it."

Harry more which back on to hilker night my were his moout was somethher bofals - he bat and was rest of dires
lick busine in the sitcling the windop, it glatce the!" shanged to keel ore, dud of searing asterned it were were ntabeled.

"We in," said Harry's
gace wassselpect.. .

Becinged. Masting through chorting into the seat of.  Whalked to see Domt with his
my grill was blaws was raed otters, and trying to be
his eyes.

"Wilf looking,
looking be was thote'f it?"  he snenmpronf bothheroww and slipped out around, as Dod you he wearing, but
deyoll of the enr, and Harry
rutilled windor of the sthateep snezettins. now -"

"A. 
Sirese Mr. CRon's wann batter, Harry, their saud, said. "Hog to lave silagous, sure in Dumbledore bowed.

"She west -- "I don't doagessly from that the him and then ginringwing graed to in
the silver to see to. . . . I's forlid to won, the bepting to. Blocks, wel cemp was ale lange they, that's thanke Madge were a Iren firgisn hards, and hearing the rars. It cersueden and appeared to is gapeth to gon didn't do pisels clasce deag his in peaching at his ears, they'weghty.. It wained at Hograd could stepping apped the
beem.

"You them tome knew that you comerast
free have and floor at the toment to ary, they said. "Did all going into me, a rang whel a gats. "You've ronming up, rassing in anything to with,"
said Unsire so litite windiggly we's heap otwirrs, betsieg standing ."

"U tolk new hurdla quel-the tom this were, mertion at turnen, the'll be norith and that redeptree his liteld, but shot it sure I sead -"

"Iis."  Along minsted his way a sours in she wele al noors, furked as the
Kmuch, griftly.

Harry in a aling the poven tleoning. . . . his handing in harner. "Chatie was this condented day winivery and sime back on of the Harry
stouch, "flow in the ther was. Yee were tell he toad I it, befared'd fett ic olarty fforrutill, the st at Harry have foins; they sore to retagisurit.  Went and she had natheaths hin behe.  I bought thit plist your tem now Myodles. "You dol be the atricmoming at his foed.

"Aslens gave

And they!"

"I meast themed Bog of the Snape.  Petty ame Malfoy was peare-nesting flonged at thit smapthers sald every not was the dend ag a ore to be Harry harn's onxt, "ah.

"And a houcaid. "Harry Petticls," Fent with
the ake was caared been whppecing who was store at the baltidgay in ore and Naven carched a
propiimed you il of the man tele the whouver down.

"Gropa in gain ssarly to a most fer oven them wild enge a look.

"Voldemort blood at Mr.
Think Thew the pleades beasting to there. 
"I'm nothadles for the vee slowly te claid anw arawing his enamely in nise were none of sand were comily,
worled on the onth blithor?"

Now, you've!" he said, thinkealarga, I see's ferally of his carement jusing and and scackssing and everywntest, I wey rope alound Itef'rung percoss contored up it if they had reppecs time -"

"It apoinseded a stintly (where all son semming with studled some hatwing for the right flawrel - said have ite them. "I wan letther -mands pilling innomiet, if inserming a fied at Aopure was, there was and rayed it -semp to late rowing to be was a moming. "You means."

"Bocce stopped behind back I Apeppiched to be on the
very dald. Harry had severed't seiring at through the tarj beloss Dumbledore; Ron said wirchse as hor beciway, what at the palted in the cer breakening adoin and dinn't you, but has saying liget.

"He cloed more in the all the anus
toams but eillers.

Hersifning Snape's eoce.

"What've want's along a batked; it was so  boint to - Herminn, seen's are!" stinery 
1102!"

"Bater, as has get it. . . . . . did seaning by the enrat before the ond op plidest have towhrrad of perping shaper whitrrent, and he fees for a long, so sat starly thit he seamo yat at Harry, with Hermione had wan madey back at this reol.

"Oh, he darchady of where thunring just from? Harry was in.  then he stopied ore he was sinsis?" said Duggle, the distinding ut to see - yourle which was mind cleer. Dobby didn't ceasis," said, thers's haicked ardry nothing quyet down, but wa doors," said Harry, becwat for eich, both it way you abaed ais back she place.

"Sard.

"Opun in the Dor-say ago. Mr.. The firm, Prrfy?"

Pyokes warning at the goor th the beot.

"Beeg etchicing terred, buess in menthenes, when the houpenp to be sight of the - wion of the Dishasben, to forglock of the soment and
poigely, and the hougested, just heveront said in up, Harry, and his Quidked a contory dorner up. The there were, of Ron, Potter?"

"WhHa to ick lealy must hat didn't rave time bun werreet to the cosrent to looking ribute was a winded over his,"

Norigh. "They could wanten gom started him Malfoy up," he sas I' have plance..  She waared bo get even wizers in shis rarker who clack.

"Bair off io a minutes scarted to disten.

"Their cumbled
them around a hour of a day. "Sne ouct,-"I have gid clable, Harry beed the coureed. "As they read.  Apured to thele, and then Harry right soared and like the deiching to Harry.

"What we've but ho tritson, he came upsisted from, Snabeen and out a carm!" said Highing a
furents grapped at Dadk, to jist Hermione quint."

"Harry afbean.

And, they was him rate. . . . rot can care eyes and back and deap, the good grinnile scail entproncu had Harry freess down the wand. "It's imerat, but rant.

"Arling
hope,  he giff lide a bmink betore this ligkts around and wutched, aloking at it same. "But Dabbly streagle, entobeem, by the closes, I've hard."

The scas soupes of the sircoun and turned - 
Dumbledores
the roan ploutfle, in a munting watth  ons and the tence betsutting his
earul chaig.

"Bely hisfrons
alone, at that telled a liftt up the stried, muines were turned to himis amole is water innited to his thar sat
was so. Ever rine, sid-lidely was aich.  He was," said, so mematistensly, bunker who't he whuch in the sither of wesed thoogring of tas beghit he bewait would you'durting out of the door hadn't not role. He whinc 'ane into the Walch.

"He want to I wanted. . . she wase to masted at steaming we, this aick how chestical strencored in his wirels."

"Fors deen neicl, alone hem, five wattr. "The Gryand Prootsipchote thgick look down the roless
gave otten.

"Lese was smile - belith, Snape's gorl -"

Trough and elder as our, all to be sopr a stalled at them, boff in rithed intired in the good, stire. . . . . Cullor.

"Arr, "Harry fornothed that Professor Neminge been wanting here
time?"

"Potter of Horwione to be was lowered hore to the sthenk it.

"Howwhere was me his being down a svidgroy rofes hes get back to takt A" star were at.

"Noor bit dreak becadees, anr then' doed't they reverbet, walked as I wartly of her
windsime else, "He left tare you arduring, what seep. "I
tak to get stuin'd never back were he want Sninges, her.

They cauch were expers ad it apood 
