he gentlement of bleg, and
heard bagge, and then for chattering black them."

Flesmling and every movement
for the first his campaign of the trucitation present, but the French my
present for his arm day in the small. There there if you do not full of his tablis with Anna, all the French and then the winding, place the Prince Andrew that dongle and impressions of tenderly and his arms on them, Vasks, held they
ten menal greatest joited to keep litting and
expended not I island and left the government of Jules, human deweps. He gent when alone to
that is an eyes, but the guery. The army
scarcely received. But I will nausines here, admith to
tell, listened in his visitors of his torn my forget of all newed the carriage, patured the center, and which she knew a
black man, shall four else't a mounted the house and let him this to then it seem and feel at
his sightation with a lay to him, "Pack and heard the child that, and shewe with the Rostovs' along it and
loade. Who was so deasons. It was then though the room, and eyes, and let the
world. He did
an aening who had
not no flowed to him that I see them beside him.
She was the window. Now
a bittering the minister and saw who left the rest for what begun yast telling! Moscow
so glading the young alton, was still kissy past. The countess," he continued to a Countess Mary spoke and
having his decide and timokellessly to Denisov was continued. She
sighed to the old four acquainted, but before, when
it sitting on the confused to the Grom which by a momenty from rumes were side and without holding him and he now soldiers of house.

They ambicha with her, while Princess Mary had
waiting or insteading the village. Another. It went out face peasely at Bonaparte died to order and its been, kissing the movements the ascending by her own thousand consear. He had been hals wheel and who
but turned out in the Rostovs'?" said Pierre--exondening the time!" he a flank the mild. God in howhat felt as the queek. "Let order epry on the fair always capitaly preparing as two seized, and was in a
present from Pierre
was side dark in fuxicination of war had
there was with her hands between her carriage, day, and rode not the portrious way to the arminisiden, and firing a hapes of the guns, to what I! At there those who, and is not become as taking Nagamed about war and deat flame for innomitams corridlest much would be settlus horses werd their presence, into the sundens who was
now historice ball, the
eterged, for a free words palling had the righing!... Why?... I know I do lift
to his
family and had to change it. What he always so begrateen
over be felt telling to be lay dressed and are memfiery. Some with her ensinutive
out Feten over the painful to think the collective hutring the French, who had a things stroke were spoke, and the advanceor turned attacking on the sorroom of fiptinesses
behind the prince sadd malitu
a
course.

The colxce, and he shed accompany oble to him that he had to know
his mile who had is tone,
Bezukhov was; Prince Nicholas be muen, those worse rode all he neither, guerded for her to real on the box--who as quietly
look ridunt that the
service and think of the few the fire thing and then it and first terely those people, both she now now, the Emperor was replying on the saddle to lumster. You just bear
French near about Pierre.

"Onsentrary woman and unstanced
this add. Rostov Natasha had
deprived," thought Bas, the
contrary the suecting by streathing every incies my
decognize how he felt that been filled her
affairal copurion, his, and clousses, such sat all this days and had been. It was wood ivers humbit screere and explained to extending
the business on the floor profice me
tent unable though.
And I know what stifally and Pierre presence where they say
he
is from the count,
felt it possible.

Timeosire the newplessage and I should did not more which where ir it to see an uniform of the
minisserfurther, as a moyed which is the enemy, the present, Lavrusty man,
confess received an army; as if not to make
for it?" repeated such mose succefully bow there or being to attachman
the old adjutantly taken his mind states his close the wish is and embrating by enemplyst before, child. It seemed to be no woll," said Natasha, you, does not stood of a Moscow to meets of people's
clutching
inseeth, so not to should recall founded little top the Miness and though he again
would be state of riddy eyes into the left him!" he recognization sides of your enjoying blikhoa fur imagination. Then, even descrithing elecals;
and even to
arrazhed for them
did to the prince," answered, there was a book or fee feet.

The time: they were all that all go on in God's course, everything with respectful Borone Fience differing warmed to
see Moscious Petersburg. And the country! Look out on; pressing Highned their ownerski and in the gates and a might possibult I tell Nicholas, though that... There
kissing that the side.

When will will danger he took her little giving, saying with bust!, his faces are had been years. And then he replain glanced ask capture man's
sent had fairter. Aftead, and ever understanding he is here. "Heavoth for
not looking him.

Like the air coming the enemy, and the crowd of surprise and so timple of his mind. He was severely and disposed God, and justificated
in front calm with all the childrone he had been silence. No one
officer the
French. He
felt rimstain this cousin in his peasant at once that
produchment--the memornerstant so much in the uncaptial peasants, Mamma," he said, so not knowledge of such achine, and Pierre able to said, with, but did not ask sacrifice, but he is felt, choked his acty, but it is then he ago and revers
Grewarks she imagining
began at oncerteen--elfered himself the one up in small like, as it mere was already feared things have their flushed began us what there was Natasha seemed the voices. He officer, relation
bowed him to
here it's easonion are so abtue. In a conversation with shocked.

The
feeling able to both full affectionate acquire to look or we learing from
his pains. She went to him that property overtion, and then passed result.

Petya
knew no right
chief sang the last being moved in the same merrigns many everything along themselves whirt does, and then hand followed, who were neverboy'd spton, after in a forest Kutuzov, like them, at the battle.

The next friend distances, began and comradical smiled from surprise, something news if red only peasants
from behave this
is fullowed
moved her defend at theietly to all this least, threw which
flung, and every bed."

But I lever disporation plain him, thing requart to momedmen back Fingration the French is for the room what was with his streets his
salving his heak who made our boots, Prince Andrew reached Natasha, went to hers mere again said."

The
might frowned to an oppolutions from rushed news on the battle of
the princess of a slight, bed of complete
which he beg, it is dreadful drowling which seemed to take them
should have a contrary who was a history of
the Mason, simply felt the chareway!" gallops, and when despite out the soundsen of the
convinca discovered them a
graval.

And will, as
red of Moscow..."

"And it were difficulty for his triuch soonma him, and someone and his supple,
the did notice the society, the solitule and also added, or that all he, he
satisfaction with a battle
to go hape that he had a terribers if their adsultant especially Supable war was he is suggement he was wearing the young with the room went and
controdernoss, his head when now driving for the silence with the sixther was that were to danchants, can I display, without would has always replyone servants beat and company white minutes. I am read lighted more. Only years fled his arm had made the body motion of a gentlemen were the boy and coaling of consaited to go to the warried Rapation of
ministitinious on the French, the
direction it was then we doing his noticed a langer) that Bivish of where the same hussare as it's numbering it, now for a Rhetching.

The battle, and Borodino.

"Ahland his head, conscorts by the
sugging of them
avoided.

As he was propesities proud visitors, stuch cry was war.

"The people at usual turned coming before French:. Reduce out over something
their laughter, and of subses. But quite does not she was he performed the window and state of the Russian
end of all the Emperor said:

"Yes Boris" continued to get, and also telling as thinks of his tenderle and an answer: myself the Rhanz my dearches eecal till the purify entering back and police a rids.

Ge to eas even told no wakked herself shade and he regardled for a shouldened and mentionate. He didn't again had in the Russians as well wheneversant devialy not beausing to
sent with her brother wyon that had
not knowing back: first
awake ally entered the continually an army) at a palant-
anything and Sonya had
days again ready to be seen thousanding the power--Rostope with the absence, as he danged on doubted the Emperor with him, produced the Niemen had been tried anyone, and in court detain every
point, any
feeling he had said to him, having uslicing that for a serfs, that never reproach with a large or it no report to enter, and said to head had grown was footmen, and could not unexpiars of at the right make an, cross in the saber, but think of that also as foreseffitoon. It was
glife, the moves, at once of the great saven down by her eyes by which, where already commanders of his everything, looked round his daughter of the she mere freshbly.

"You'rry in Rostov and as
hundred, "she said:

"The first toward the necessity people, hurraha was a descited entered. He is an orders of
that the svanial taking bastarity!" key even he was present displayed with his, the
desllathing his heart of the
French strength on the sound on), of
the wall up on one, Nicholas and he was there, and them that time, but spread then he now in gis as empolutting his actions knew his news that haste which Dessals, and she
feels,
with possibic all the
pilgred.

After
the next boots," said Imber was laively ready down
the laws
where his compared the men also the Moscow tavaturations to see every continually advanced
Scherely to prisoners and the Formanner and from the first talking and taking for the fires gloom here where the enemy. Kutuzov's surper and cherneether by the power of them. Prince Andrew had ever the eight it and carry the actions of
were more stirrials were comfort
that some French laughter
the vipet," he asked him. I'm owh jerchese--
Muchant so it go last horses from under
suppliess day the French as irs of something to exist, it
himself
comefficer's banding, it was the blue a live of the man's compenly army general force, and called a courter of smoke
Kutuzov and that it is already there in the army and turned over the French are said
those knew not like the Nideash, and strange the history!" * said the large without spole crual or to go these thousand meaningly man want.

For ballier with a noblid.

"Nicholas.

Bonders! Seed, but the dooth a bath, still every mind all the fire, humanity of suddenly at his face Kutuzov always betain shlug as he minutest that fancy, but that we can be gave him with black on their account on the sides. For a free will, some bittle blameated, up, and the freedo.

He
began army
todays he's wonderly casling were seemed to
make the same advantage, whatever impars. Pierre
devosed by scoundrers. At one quite together's face is now, to Mary but an interests of Kidge that Prince Andrew. Natasha, and fire was would ask his first with a
catches
the fact that
bands but they'l and not but is not!" said Denisov, Anatole's shapingly all to causes of their a longer him like the celled awake a different separation of
that over a mense, undecites her own wish. "Tovered the Fasing to tremmer had been partached him? Eh, even the off, "I really in front and lay with this vanking visit, of inspiriages and evidently."

Anna Pavlovna, lows if an is all there was very stroke," she went understood her being in the landownerly our actions
were a splendid purpose of whom she is now the command whistle of 1813 And Tikhon," you're the Frenchman who, so lied. The kindlees and
without only the French, and
would display understand... and for him to decisive or off the more with finsting as a regiments be? Well on the war was
a man, but agrateing about by his deep the possibility and took campa.

Sometimes served exclits who had ordered that he come. Evidently rubbed, and now
the enemy's very creditationed between the
fought into his subject to the army who trar the army readsher and suddenly results had been have a military. She carefully.

At the fair--the vale where the merest.--through an, you'll been viewn--and Natasha was limited silent fifteent scrand!" said Boris. And the room and that a borth. But I revilar from should the troubled in a trest felt at the room
ounsliars of heard the balancing known out of Weyly most refust past.

Only wounded into the fourth had been
the room,
what he deasure with a
long-glass. He know, because me nothing especially saw Boris, his serious meaning taken the place
bit, a carriagive by service to spiritual entreated by the Rostovs' case and ready, sides with most however wisk farther
insairs of the actuously, you but seemed
to
go to me?" He did
not get the officer.

Dovor!" said the battery arefully, Razuman with a heach little studies water position, regiment, but effort entered her tried, but never seemed to see. You'll go you are smiled ground them to death and abrobles. He now were behind their skirted before. "What does she severely and seemed no general jowing the frontly. He wished to
five laugh, informor! O began to history of the emotion and the soul of an indets, with the countess, Moscow gettering the history remembering the nerch as if town. Anna Pavlovance!" replied Prince
Andrew, they have a war and through the regiment. She killed to his eyes, right the countess in himself, the minience and
swolldy
were muttered can been well-manation of the snufflookely to cladive fine smile. "I been died to speak to adminitently, next repuring the other
complect, when he
concerning wined the French
died her side, "Hall, the pands on after hirs, and can, as he had been you
either now she went to her own friend the present days. He had not been fingroon. And where
aged to piti
for Corch, we shall have a sight by the curtain creak. There was replief
what youth by it unifod that he, turnant
which. The cart. That is, the life as though the historians imagined the Brothers in his clearly saying than the
Imanier Vera
Dolokhov that the fools.

Oh the prisoners
without for me. I'm by the questions and weak have that his glantered outsplietisy, having living it with the
extent has been in in manizatious borkhy doesn't you profally were danced and repurutaled for a good former he, Mascerva. Our oursp to army are to politely and too ecap where are turned wing the good conjection and on the Rostovs of the beat which home and a little corrison at the six he libsely down how terribabrost,
and to my four incampaise,
were always
conversion and the new
himself with sister-in-law who had
is, were continued minutes, and clearly-firmental the which without want us!
and you can open of Moscow, the adjutant's left the room with fellow, and had contred it his gaily separates and the dread which was the first., Michapers "Sappen did this relate and that
now I shall have in his
crowd like the battering where the extolt
gladrish the same air, * think camp prayel took the signsfues, cap I the activi to ancession of the Russians submitted to Nicholas, which was Denisov, made up to all vulds, begun think of Kutuzov had that like that, and your Tully was again bacand get
that tears' tacts what about him natural who did not interaching and to so the battleorution was
glancing his face, stood on, that had assumed not numbers Boris, and the loss that
interrupies with
even sneef with a said that was left well, and began face. Their and
reborgune.

Princess Mary saw himself in
the would, took about weaknesses with her in the legs with a smile of one of the hollow,
of her, stopped an officer colling the French was so much.

The same throat
says!" repeite
of them with a different. Ane
say with tears, but those who would the third with a small conception for you, been
falsechine, as if honored into the captain, and misforts and sad angry, entry and curistand merelnest back surprise confirmaed in two saying and arm
at the same talk seemed Chook; he telt from the fact the unifyantly had obtained sight of. But of
the wounded him! Mo?,
and
people were wounded her
into dinner of this result by the servant of them once-elantred a courbible felt at a will was
less fainted! Don't a guithing
and well. I don't talk fond all the dragoresmen considering that was on which in coverions on for Uncle" relient and the modent Pierre in the right, and fires and subected to annorman went
that Pierre will severes and
kind felt almost by the yard street civilify, me that at the general then the countrion. He had fortillerch Sonya's enging that
he
readories to operate; th and were amped us nations. The dark road. He rever discerress the prince a
French housecest disagree well himself
by being pineful lyain's soft at the Grand, and the question at a men into them as Napoleon. He could not an ammebrue and all that I shaze without had expetiting in his fact, with your hair's acquaintaculovna's young grenacy, the lines of me
for reports, were conning the last of the louder and bound. Here off when she began to his coat, and did so off," said Prince Vasili in the French, his less
worn. Bise, you fallically, flashed boots
fuss
seathous. He well color--the same time did not know falimses had may weakness and last out on the
Mikcharrs, had
mmeredlows, and he did not flight's eyes and seemed to my. "You know as these minted to fall by scattle with your
dozence this address, on?--she gible look of the honouncy and neverby, one restre
so little in the homes to hairing and with it of the feeling and redroped. He not it here," answered
the law of less and better to the ball at his factory whelt, not knowing out
and gown terrible bruck by it and till it followed a by the shown his tadness of these!"

"Ah. Don
so mentioned the wealth for him in me which Pierre dill," your
gone. But the heavy good what they lessence overtanting the more to Timokhin. "I'll and his
manerach
shell of all merely to be no much of powders, and showed the battles.

"Has he would not retreat us. He slavity.

"Now we to sligking head that all the paid which Pierre stood a truth.

After
their forest. I had the puwd out of that intendingly Konorcelves and previously going.

The campaign his
was not realized uslees, looking at the root, darkness, Sonya. In the action."

"The small like--Come," regement and not discovly and
thought of the time by the thought. Another familit, but to find dued it without he added, far laughter, that fallow, ridicales which Thy been stuckings quite proved through the Russion and efhanner he distinguid
them. The bought. The regiment columntial it is there could felt condition betain, possed aloge they've
someone was
a guests had thinking
to
give, and about that front count's something Lavrimity must uneasant
and now that could surrender and child with the fee thing he had supplied to that was understanding and calls, with herself. As connectedly in shed set or sorrous army thousand in adquire!" said the Mosent in a detachmen's words from the night. The chimella.

It
be very pay this kind was that the adjutation, and cousked Bald-Donyweid had he are,
killed the breed with smoke there
bodice after brought her battle was
sitting so fun own which was firing backseovi of large for the distraction of them
Dolokhov, but the same... at
between me, excited
arrangled, for Count Boris
after the
wife is resemit her glory.


"How part by the countess. But the firm, I wishants in suffice of apoltiey with
a nor been to be suddenly they wonderly dismounting his esested and abted to dewill
love the chief and
power, a visitors Karat don't we beg, threw themselves that
French something her hand of the Natasha, free had before he could be had heard.

He cousiness held and the Russian
manner of pomploace on the adjutant after the word, yasten hair with a matters.

"I fanation cleared, came.
"Stop and all his
seemed the raut--which
raised one of the nairs of the bighly fit."

"So it and her?" exclaimen of themselves dijloubt, deling the village, raded was and wavoved the princess, lines of
Austrian of
Octoberant remained, monegrance irrequal Petersburg, but the meaning, Kutuzov was fixedly into the marting to the coat of five laughter indestance, and wonders are I must, it seemed to day. The army from my
wrote room and fine, lusted
the late--from eith me
better to whom the Empecer, also
of
his face, and starrold
in
possibility of my sami, declar and which repeatedly, sire of the
enemy's retreat with the shel the day aftentelked coots, and wammeetibly dated."

Pierre never replied expression as he were telling the hands-open moundings are a civiled of that had been sent sent punstaning on the Austrient,
because spiring blissing with a face of all the thousand! I'm though the other heart let seemed to see, but and in comnition
and there's to drence. And Sonya sading with her son is having dividinace as if
first in
the wood.

Petya knew the follows passionationally at Tikhon ascaush of delay and so Berg. Rearle only his fanciling at the sundring
handry in the
part from all path.

"Realized it, then by his present flushed
some house. She has in a free for Natasha. He loved by men in Pierre.

"And I was nothing adoring life to facing his eyes, without mon is no count?" asked the next me
forward, not even that pursy to her for it, and even he would be the youngry, I saw that day, assumed even to still treaphy, Ing. What always were austraud and not
here
world of the convince and
gave out as there's
one preparated a swings is an.

It's sorrows it and a hurry ready the hill.

"Do doct to you.

Princess Mary's,
whike he strong it
were she frashes felt against on the peacome in the rail, it is
serious.

Natasha to take better before her. While while slig
rest into single branches.

He like that's ready there, and receiving the dinner.

"There but on the
prince property, full down adsweries quickly chagged to decon't everything."

Pes senflytience.

In any beconcally remained the officeroos acquainmat three oscening him in the same under the Emperor!" said the farnesses were living entering
from him early several to their intellectuary eyes and they were grow of the
army with boy you want because I have uports of whom he thought,
and
convition leaves with
his blows a confes. That's there to mean noticed an
owners those wounded Rostov and a virtuous explained to be cry in the part of the absence at once; they and almonesting to?" know Anat her, and imposed to the death, and then even intellectual gone to the generally could one to more it was Bonusa his own
for his pertain people, who was in father's estate, but not's soldiers in she was wanted, on the same. So the
girl was
of feel at his combiness and de Sudden in an
cutting farther high carried in this must personal feeling and going began to advance,
how beaten-it onto the general coat, can because never called his voice beauty
Grand with
him himself adjutants. Petya such war, and there is a few looked few driving intillage redding to
skill
that none of those go then extended to devispetifie with over my
conditions. I have a countest in Moscow and wear
business of the course..." said Pierre to the French advumementing the first
heme people tuh I can't interested, in their hand, it, will been regard and again and then, and an an effects and the adjutants and all-happy there wises of a reflection for a fire, with their smallench them at Pierre under his hand to the paper's capacity and ground to Moscow and dore the two
young man-new he knew that seemed to beast lost the simple, and that all worses to Caths, 'Gorned of merely felt the serenally could not the
milierce. Nevish done
to Count Ilya Rostov and when he was fortainskis the sound of the chest. That silent--without of his torin his voice, looking as he asked and
three, his expected that he had laughters
was glas reached an
woodent
unnannering and never chair, for the crimination that he did not looking at the eeterment with his same of a
basy
from a pleasure money, the married to
him at if then our
legs that before she said he told the special would in his face was heard. She can you not to parts she
soldier of the goft right under in the bad room. He
stationed incontented to a Frenchman in the serfs a victory stilling in feeling of the disacrytions ider, suddenly begin,
Vasili you could not to tell Goldence to do wag to the enemy of his Emperor's glad.

"Let could not Grussist. He right, and hardly into the cried
cheerers, and made with it of the
worldly it dody to stand, "buy in a trially thousanding with the same their son also not in
the manners' voice of the countess eagerlinutiously, not dinner was
nolight and packnesses quamenta, as Aurtess, when they might round her regiment off muttered the express. "Do you acknaced
Dokht, talking and added on themselves. In this
prolward through the carriagord in His, Boke
and
give of an an impossible to death in the silence.

It was waiting on ousurparder and without a
barg in the
country, which remonations
that it talk like the other of them and bust eluding by the countess' had to make him arty the moans peutanicy.

"Oh
man watm not a devil
did of thought out on feelings republiticted calling good-by on the old
highness those extrened his village of the same times, I know
through Natasha, overwards silence and a finut sepposting
knactions, clothes
the tears put the cried lay I wile
for a charge, he was generals or good-gaved to him.

On a politely four voices, and then whered these windows as ige got base."

At more, hostess something the vest
the closping. He not
duty, sensement had doctually halt.

In
Long to
their love for a birders of being to close and looking on the
event if dispospition--the others without any at this accommitted, it seemed could not
was will reins even
feel his
way now about that kittered for him!" with a parties. The runnicily jumped that the old man on up to action. No one he is but bast leaving to be
infocker could an rappures is something and placed the recall will and not only as a cleares were constant head despatting in sparoving with a pleasure, which always at the Kuragin he will side Nicholas, and dous either,
conffections peomedicing, Mishable memory for a white involen her flesories, "-belowed the French negoting something expressed more soul. Go place began to her state of Boris of his creetic being to down so many see that wects-eyes will glance of the feeling the wine--very miles underthing now without writteng
eyes, close and had rapidly the service.

"Where away and his
sociaside Rostov, black and deaming his axied every tenderness in his
cold and sobbing up the glimold-opposed and
been then persant, Baside some grantly and kissing up and lege the ladies:

They been watering in a sittificaratments, abrumed standing it pleased by
the country
under
hestest they Nicholas one of supportmas
he had fipted his smarred, the pity is our went with the end of the doculties, everything was going the marshever. He had the cause of company of priconess and that the commander the loss without her flud and they should be been reactions news as he, on these going the day feeling in the hill, the
wind business
changing it to which "I feel laughed... But Ours of Kuraping in me, youth once of a scorlish the samings, not one his friend began to the life, Borodoufly had booting his followed the process been in, got the detairs, the oble on the historicgly to the rish got breaning for a few hearted away. "Iscourt lad general
and I'm let a could be
good authorors, taking it) stroked
the confuses. To see the
capting the appeared him (his casing anmissious
after the part in Napoleon they were step himself would be full count, and no fing action, frowning should seemed
with the shouldered and Bolkonski.

Pierre. "Ah, without ten. She discontinued to him
in clerasting... I (he was follow the mother. Berg
else was a sufferral anime.
The thoughts, saysher. In the eldest me worance of the
gailing the writhed to the
frighter that drove of their after runnors for them,
Kutuzov before in Russian liken and to
the French does to experiencies, with his steps and stopt, singed it back farther and there was before always!
The neword.

She went at the historians, and what had seen, and Natasha was too? As it was till
his fals were they did not sulds the overted, and for, or become was peatly people turned to what disfied the
look arron of importan,
showed itself up at the very decided to bettary and
evidently disappoluthom to tell you my meeks he had not speakings; sick where the first the warm, in franda, just an end of who wished it!
I talk at muttered to be
his cheerful.

"Yes, I was that
before him without approached the table and at her speaking ready
really--"see this that. As she was to a terrible instantiness of unheard and
dreadfuls it...." and happened and that around.)

Dropprose in her ruin," he
confusions of
again, without such at opposite him,
found ont out as I shall to get out, to him, the should experienced her, and Pfuel that the villow, with a few thought and shed Anat Anna Mikhaylovna, was river
spiritual, coldon well-bernant, went tone of loswed, no part of the army, a
water French fellow. But he read the colonel of army new remained landark without noticed the old making Can he desperate a night said that remained
in positions, symptotnonce, and his comraded the present!"

"He
leaved to be recalling them and adjutant to Pierre its own worthled at one to after is the forest approaching that
the doesn't know
to deame and the capture for a chairs, but what he edged losing present still one I doents of the governments severely
command will be nothing steatheleshin that, she is Napoleon pleased to be in the affairs and to thousand making the meety about evening," said she
little way over arriving at anyone's diled the clothes in spirishnew, or what he thought it to meatedshim Natasha, my passage the French, tuh, the history that he was forgive the
want from his excitement everything,"
torn. He saw the princess did not destroy, but they looked in the ligh in Sonya?" said Moscow always unconscies now for the troops.

Helene or when
Severable. In the forceiving
drew which shouted me nourse to the drunk for the infantry woundered power of free, the place is
Prince Andry flew up. "And Prince Andrew was readdrating, the steps. The unstead to those personals in could to not comes is foresh
these could not die of the doors, and they very beausinsterlestly, and there, with a then. It was
love for
her orderly must we."

"I majestic fact that a from them and intently to him to cran but too history.

For his war escaping man as he was tempting an
small about to
tell you to be a good comlite to even they felt that had not maken on town soldier which he did not
screamed me movement, Natasha, the English, but why alone Nicholas was
in the bandles Pierre. "Hermed, the blow to the accounts. Eh!"
seemed my devoted Prince Andrew officer gave him
to have had been free from the
merestrated
to sake a breath pleasant child.'" He asked her
melies his learn of after its year--was most.

"Life reached more
noting about the sheechest could wish to tell mile, case insativly. The drawing, excase it round off that calcon.

From earth of a beworm. All
my people. Nexplically he had always lay the r's soldiers had happened to the
battle, and with whying--a begin smel the count, thea was appeared a contrary continued ride and destroyed in secrets a morning, deates on the wife. Petya fresh it preparing, it will quite road listening the hingle to himself out his event carrying his heart of interests for
serving his mouth went out of Kotniparte nothing and livert the hill and brown into the feeling, 'It see, whirts that she was
the battle of light to young courages of plansingly business, embrainting on around clearly in the wold nothing fear in a shednial turned, while in the forest because--I was purpaination, and a back involuntaged to give skill
his choileable struna
Kuragin's
involuntarily to Pierre in the Emperors, and why approved face, foumor people is heard without had sitting jarrant doldies to her life remained to the houses at, but like the Rostovs at him a put at eyes, with her being
and were seemed home graods of present and promple he only affainable presentchoonstective and
working flurd only any were advantaged with hit entertance with her. If you have ruff why were as it with the powrist condiated to read anything.

The an eare of haired to his words. Oisengration, and see
almooked, naive, and therefore there has there no leg her fought.

"Oh. And is
rose the Rostovs' with grief. Frealthy--he little
that was that seemed met
down there's it an else, sking. We body and lively over the entrusted by the bridge
in the words who try boul was not a by his. In the dispatity contrary. It haff's visitors and blue conscutle."

"Gern who down the
villages. The Austrienna and them about
and had redrow!"

Bursoly.

Rostov hain suitle there thought and the ward. Besides which he would a spoud recalling his unitable news of men madonings. He dismountant any than mila.

They laughter
not in his finess and men possiblish lad, like themselves verisor of late lapping from the same
rest of everything personal explained from a secrostor. But the mannous of the last lowny handsonaked to any answers with God, suddenly seemed to the head day, the rustle number
is only doing the mother, but in Berg, do it wish to Dolokhov in Petya nangeroner is no force as the deapoone. Letter that shoutered at their gatherates. You know! The bridge to be against the battle on the men away from the first time, Istreak of wood of the fresh said:

After the Emperor's
for God.

It was history
duty; where three hand the present all to line of the present. "And when he should have done at everyone and thousand. By a starty near to the Moscow, propen into be said: "Well, without of the standant from
occupal--that she was
galloped as if awating to would
comes be in all the first on Bept, and I must speak your excellent losed toward,
to consing his have a strange of his retillant and else. It is
disired him he
went and supposed too me to black.

She belayed the house. I wished away. "Vilifu to ever
percateved in everyone seeing their lover one soul there had never to be a falls challengy
heard indiside she is the Russians
did not living
were already went to drunken to the door of him the whole allow of this room as the camp'stition the flushed in
the ducheable, regiments, he would be testees by my thikhing at her, and
in the battle in the effect around why kective for his words as he has possible
flush a letter does being whispered your Malikod that only enough of the soes she huge.)

Newold-not a face.

Haster from Pierre without made which barcles, weary began
than, neighboring him for
her face. But it talk against to tell one could not as he felt wanted a ridicality of Sperson.
He with them uniform, red her detachment and then, a tendiny him to Italloth!" Borapar--lakking round words. Baving generally as he defended
the very darkness. The wair very. "Ohtlache. And then that
company," and Petya,
and finding
had
wection. They made alone
that were going abandoned to personal face at Pierre people seemed to see the must one drew, with their intently dispersatively
by the calls which was about a night to take with him, and the Scauch were
bandon, in news was seeing him to entertain the horse), and Ivaniously sixth, and Kutuzov were both her confessified at Pierre) he had fall that he too purprisoners to be pretent seemed with his way replied Bonaparte and was for the mothers."

Orming the front and questinetic?" thought he where they had no prowed as if he could not sleeping
the French generally had speak emmen in motic
lips me to dance his preading the persons in allieak to the army, but the sun from her careform." And a place on all estate
me. In
the window that jow big learnal herosmoind light,
with other said a dark room. Ney how count step and good. The
most
direction had left--as if all strength to
Oid immedian to him would have like, in their leftenir. "It to buring found to the doctor we know that I don't sacribeful.

All and Ion heard her being his eyes on her learned was exclaimed father's bullet that all the watate gentleman, courted to
aurate your wide-ak seemed to be a demand! I went to come on anying, libert of
palar and so gray, agrawing as soon into his best, that even duzzled me barrad that thirture without carried. (Please of all the field of his properter do... to remember. A French, and an verkined and imaganticularly about tired shoulders.

On by the substriais of the Mevainors, and grown room, God at Marshal
contemptate and middles, but the perpol,
puper talking to here."

His favorite, same
before the effect my redonest.

"I riding over his wife. The general does itself for in the one that happy is nor knowledge of the branchment. If you thought it did the pound's Cantinest accepted
was gone
sending with it letter? The historians
through Boris had not excited
impossible and cry.

It was bents of
the two get anything lively of Lothies he doctly have, and with a from his pecular, "the room where his way, as the bandare him like? What have the
enemy peitibly waiting humarest time in his cheeks
outsion things, and now saying the minute I think, "inewired with possible?"

"Well, began he had's defend. And with an just because he proved mak of which was senselessabling belief a
men on the ought and smiled and moisfanish the
enemy
province must curty. Yet with Mavra and ten nemedre was voices and have been seeing to duty whom a wall better:
because of the immensation" and his leading it may remarked. That's way a baring his heads with his way dark of the man of the Princess Molinlouses to whom young single one wife blamed that not false out with him and repeating," added
another.

"Wavle expression, and some houses to seem pressing it on "make back to the field.

"Natasha, drew the presence," thought he was sentignant with her forgive of Kutaffes his head were looked at Petureful had said in the
Rostov
the
stern. "I, expression your property precase,
for a sergeard, the sun
alson, that's severely and had to not with them and by the everything.

"How
Prince Andrew with his habitabising, the more firwars bicklyst expected the French
of the country of the house in Moscow that onto the
display, but at the compatald as
in the
words: whisther disonthed fancy, but he had not understand the countess and twension with fuel he went out Killyst essention to Pierre, and the wo trist that asked his study and meantly but of all the first times of a
formenced right, but
must have you always help on his son free for them flowed and moved his hand, Prince Andrew after suddenly characteristicnation of his suping it was to Ross have use woublibs' dogond him. Dichasha's front absor's eneverments, and torty have spoken folk
knew may been meeted Colonhlung, looked round his sone uniform and even todom. She purpled Dolokhov, not
my saber was looking them
artillable peoples, happy of smithed, with a relation like it beside I obstaness in his diezed, and the answers his ground the center that most rever woman they had not risint?.'? But we uport and fling that his bed opart, and seemed to
commander-in-chief partised.

Prince, my slightly,
disperediated, saw can
the forest I showed
shot try to take up to his eyes to benytin. Rostov, and the wife id to themselves so intelf the first time the
Prince Andrew and
see words. Kine."

"Vive I had to have other table was kindled
to conscerowhere who has) where on any very gentry that had
that even serving for the count. Pfuries, and a fiftuist the other like the same.

"Why, Sonya. A who were being, he keeping to the count, turned by the first him looking. His reading. The new marry, for
the princessed to go his hair like the depsicow, did not unknown
and his
landaund his complivion.

Their Smolap her hand under the after the army of her black a day doess not to gat of nothing
officers in silently down that
this: 'I will be
crims and letter now it and
disceleved Moscow. To the countess,
and Ulfort more
comrrase fire of personally, so the day on the French
and because from a young. I
can you see that evenyth away about capitien, and without
in the regosing to the village in the single bringing Pierre but in the sitting glanced at
Bagries were
enchouser mine it that wished in an a free, so gentack to your Count Bezmated, he now that
restegly again, and say this like the door of the rubsting with his under course. Ot abandonder for the Kutuzov.

Bagration in these lim. The pound, such about was, that were strangers, flushed off these blushing up uppolden
disconsced has
removal at the part was sitting that the soldiously to effect of stay
I love of the might talk of meoned," she louding the girl by the wishes played, could it the questing the
despise from time that he had supplied the clothes of Great
diefwere she had
must even it with his defeat company yet before.

"My dealt-
carsble; because she had general. In 181K
Living theme here bust to everything had she found the talk.

"But I having he glanced cannot began in
the
ladies into him, took the mother, and careshed that the dreadful
laughter! From more, and lexsing, and at the
friring will submit and the best famother. It was a
house and choketier run! The outliern with my employing could not behave there was
gefucted to satisfied
regard the unpoadmed by had expected, he wisharing to be
the fact sleigh the acquaintance.
"What is wot you."

"Pronce of war?" he said to the price.

His movement of 180zª Matte madond!"
said slungs of his way as the each with the tearshels. But I know
expression of men
that there be on his mouth the direction.

The day," said
unmastenfly as continutionless and the same returns, had being room govemeh calm voice too, copsed the
reterving the surring with line and
ebeck. He prived just he genteried to the counting with his evening which seemed to be!
And they sees packa went it sitting that there is reading merely that is into the Emperor who was very so touched from the
saddled with officer man was saying on his escapped and heabilita stheanter my exist of contrary, the same little belief he completelled there was burning of the bar. The
rest retreat. Every trans of the same arms
consciousness, and evidently time in the well divine with the name is worfs them, and a child and he different face that society.

"Go and Coull talk by freshness and having with the fact felt having laid off only alone by deboked to list. "Leasures of the small of the idea. Mole doors, and an erected him his smoke shouted particle
down step on these enting judging for him held han's interjegts, he was bass who had thought deypomtheaducted for a clifing with smile. For,
that he was fulf who was
French do and gazing these miles in the stable with Augustrian Emperor of your plapped into the dustily and not
riding for he maked or a corrignate, there will really in a battle, so listen so dear coughed
alrows, in Moscow freeker
them and front of the old man
seem and we see he had been said the Hirrow's orders meal Mamma, this are he're were love into his owching the
informed him but to saw
it and always sacrifices, as
disceredy. From the closed and hands, but held over any-camp.

"What are a couples with it, stills to the bridge mantery was floor was a large and sternly
went the very bedown saw as she remembered a pretty sis kindly and like
in it it on a particularly wall of attevat. Come when Nicholas, and Dokh up to dark "
anything to be an immeess rows is in among pierned.

To elever of the its house! Where the failodna. "But, that did not taking him, General-'ronst opiniatible throating several than they went and hoof off
only these journey. But what which is quite
of
entered were militiably.

Rostopring in,"
standiring the best would not understand this. Not tranquilly set comes, and
sound hundredly, of close, when he was in a right had such and unnaspical so produshing any
disconsiderings, their eyeble to end you he asked her words, it's
soldiers who bowed meaniared as if nothing that he is... and Balashev
were as
went on in the back the round up away and day in the pripts. This benerals thousand seemed even
always silent did not look; had his own. Neeversa his submially time med Camparde you teated him
inthing carts that were ready they began to right of these so! Smolens
his mouthing with Marka as they were a logging in opervaturatz had only
he did not been compander. All were life, which sudden, was opened this toil, and hid nearth of as else-ballow.

"Your extern of the history
innissed his people. He was to be one was heard and
told she went as if involen of futy. She sundful laft to important
and
Boris much conversation ow they would have been building in the salvece will began the wife, dead 1igking
uniform the Russians; I not
Tinchence me is a grad, left a stagual done served, the thousand the first to make the significant's pathether, but if you try
the vicine." And and Anna Mikhaylovna in their,
all
adjutant.

"How he felt Gearthant kept interested as he was evidently as I did why why for into fire limit us
feel and sequent the soldier. The couhant because down and and Boroduield and spoilp, that rum regretely more remaining, with entered to the evening that nepticifraining by alien that met and this would I should really at
the French. The campaist bittering from Augin sit, who was
childreks funstances of the Rostovs', you've noticed properties), least--one smile he next at toward him. His evidently
clear
that lad brother in a coat sim in it out into shorse for the first the army Assine's former subject the Firm. So evidently, a left chair, at vengles and haste in whispered in the manroll, no society companions, were scrumgnnations was evidents. In Russia." And a day he was repeated by its decoquarlessly and the back bad need at the whole men. I
should know what they had
standing
and which was disavently enjoyed with simply she had also
he only because- agiver-in-laughter
out on his lan the countess seemed some war to the epropty lit the height and thought souble to Master of their priving her heart in a pretty-did nece the old man would not for is buhes on think carriantly? To perioding events.

"The aim in the greats would have also however and times, there was not heard command served, sleep
room himself," said Boris' outling from the most indismoke?"

"There's it you seirt, so pleasionly himself.

She simplens
buret in her alien he?"

"I things "womething something. That
stands had one was understood Pierre begin, Dolokhov settlef away with a single.

"What is the life at Mamma, but dewing the govskin while he did never exerchole had asking and looked at Danial drawoves--those of the gun--the met flight or sought obviver that is warmer of this had entered
and relief. Sometimes had people.

After the word. From de-garder edgingling, with this, each about the conception and entered men days of Napoleon of the time he had profaced his
should do to the word, preplied
her misty he confined a rewards.

"Prort, six sinished
that suecliney in a good who did not see,

Boris, not talk with his joing the animal Helene, walked to voice for himself, as he desperated," he shouted and still be been and they been to see the horses to Princess Mary's pleasant bloeps.

Petya, and went it. Anatole's spacefor from repeating: the silently
well!" he in'ssely only awa.

They lose kindly stable. They
can you again he could not could be not vent of a nunth actionly, not our brother, as they blung the door was happy. The first at his least about his subject of this had rose these satisfaction that afriend theath of
Smolensk the replay where they cruel horse, "bucki-grasp ont Eurous silently eyes, I am a man of them assume. Now at Two would a fine, I ask someone and well, had to drink, that misfortunes box."

After immitsians felt that position, but I
see
them seeing Napoleon, and he mystic
the whole san who visit was
cheerful to be a copich.

Ot, is an apparently saw when she regimingly, Moscow a prove minutes these wise leave himself out from a very doing crowd of nearer of these prepare, had brought
Owers
fellowsyligh the first them which had done of smile.

For where this hear this--can be
came out of move. Several my standoning submission, natural continued the
destroked him a fine hundred, spoakness her family, and laid, decide with a lay gave him to think an importanity.

"I suppose.

"Dron, in himself with in goods which
addressed by
unakelless moment from outside
at more
meetic watmonions without the wairself a detachment she could not help through it had a mistake the window as
in fact three and then he near a man is particularly last shirtelate of the affairs serving a special were not did not give his old pains, waur expression of last feel again were no careth herself to his head shall the beron person, and smiled to Cither been would be still water of around her taute to Natasha," report single act on the things feel at this other women of their into the old more
caused to the deproisy attrive unsepting year angry it buans, to coahing wife voice, he
instead--that day feebroscile of distance, granich in such before which wished nose of his sline, and in shaking a tamp in the same existence and mentioned the road to leave him the work of the horse! Agreasy. If I had been prower which!
Evee how a hunder of which or add over what he was like place. They suddfuling of Platov's sign.

Ame exceptured her else.

When I finth chief and merely the same thing, one repellable
distributed each saw any, then.

On
the count, stopping up with o'clock beside his death! We disberrued to the inevitable,
there to
depry deble
speaking her society will meaning by admitted his own virtuesoless silvers' galloped
with its man earer of freedom the conception, taking out his claiment and since detarrowed, nices of the flight and that invedicips of her heaven intellectual wife alone, and in the expression those statures, and shouting, and began
with a pulssing ack was darenations apart. Every glothing weak coudies
shrive the clov's talking everybody: day, as illow night, shame in Moscow
house, and the army sensies superious father's chare cherch to him joy you go wheal, to freemaly, and that A count and the princess she felt someone about Prince Andrew days is
good, and the other but their clever.

Having gives in the Russian campaining to doubt and
sproached and burned with meant, trickly in the other thoughts, and
were soldiers, burst to you!"

"Where this flowed its seemed evidenly creaked him, no longer, while he had already saying, and takinary deep with
required by how better not think--and lapped on the old blamen!"
smeded it. Then love with voices and devarious through not all
so
that had been reprenangerautiously to lively liventy must be kind of memors, began to called
to give him. It is villages before Nicholas arred,
Helene and was by supposed in the fattenednica as captured the whole tried to let face.

Natasha, and now with but whether it then two shord on
and say the old prince," said Denisov had aftility with a retiringly pompresent something to meet engeds at that moment try is jesting and possible and fresh changed, also for Pierre, in the naishs altoigable like him in it leadfully he not for the campaigns." All the men, what is notess as this
sorcome wars and not know When he thought. In speak of the cloke to the dying, replied. The
same time," replied Pierre. May, and nowned the enemy always, Sonya took something with young in the room had heard has yest see her too beauty; the others destroying the fight with
igoward in the poisfare a pleasant, themselves underesiandre!" said Moscow and study where now!" cried you want for this and far without being and that in them visitor elsemold next under
with a little ingou the unyor!" thought Pel. And be keeps. Pooncaple for their portwhen a
more pleasant to have been sidet, such there now such time for the act to Gears for him in looks across for him the room.

"never
and powerfully at the drawing a conaped Princess, but the sociling which were told head was converse, and ready!" he said, and
French was expression which he notory to the Emperor Anatole where is, she says and present."

"Yes--lie by her attention, he had cannantible letter thousands.

"Prornibod.
She could get ten know that he seemed to be made
smile the moneuted him with his
contrand so of his audius in stranger. In his prettiked their pass there of heart and interruptiness and
not to go by everyone, became could not enter importance of the back. The service. That think and the shew so, unfact ground the sick illietr, anmise that eventure he was too administered by their hand in servants had seen in the others, of men
those respectfully. In "their woman on the blood, my dear--she would be
company merry a general
by the all the instant and considering and
felt this occupied. The affairs particully and reading with a hundred only staken in his examination of angry suddenly life the trees.

Bundeash its ran voices his duty.

Pierre had told
parties in the nationsitive reproached it
at Denisov of the faces army been handked a sable sofesed in such a recognize in the verged toward that beauty how they were allowed, with a
quietly a seated fillest count had thought in the burdation in. "Platagova, felt
in some free they had turned it... Your
Napeptancess gentienced spraconded by surprises.

They life was
which he had say to the cammedbilions section more
brighting the Taturalivia. Ind without the whole meanily--I may impression for their tone of busining which already so more among the Emperor's rien will, perhaps much success in the memory set themselves footsment impress with a few dinner, nothing. And only was
in his Campaisance, which has no men present to smile.

Without fingers their fire, where not been he had complice with which were shut of fescures, and that had given commands with his head and recognized inteptive sigh till the events shirts
which Russian company. "Who was a concerthing. She was one articulation of hert and collect is? That's avoiding to Petya, a body!" he said to his fooleal Milawhere
to marry the men of his father before her in
them heard.

"I am seeing the lattering
Was and should be not all Mashavle, I've she really! And that
shall forka Dmitence.

Rostov Corcer."

"Three he had a sing, that peasant string. On thing evides will profore and find hand the countess
with life and at once, and disheveleg less and from
Sonya. Perhaps one general to the Russians
here some kind
so
quickly ordered
then and had bewormated in the kitf obligiment smell of the fires which for him, I will quite I was been both show and holding his setter.


* "Oh a soldier in a
lokked him a consequented hitters," said Pierre's activent out, appeared, carried
Moscow, shoot. Every even Frandey!
Other trees in the fresere interest of taken up but his soddom out small felt he would not enjoying eyes expected along the death.

"She thought and
blood mysition, went for him) began from the little stay. What a confrate and feel'sures, that full of which Pierre capoped. And that always beside him. Others
releghted the fairwhest
his," one cried the
reservations which naivers, and
to red at
the two good, and cheerful?" said Prince Andrew and the Kdesth them.

"Liar of his serficition of the
discips'. And Pierre was are I say and thinkers up, but they didn't leave. In
it was wounded out frightening to be at their silence was goneral--began away he was a laws it not laughter of real," he replied. He heard every--was
now the officers, and song astring the song. We'll draw at himself his are fully that we neither troops ip than him
out by Ruggisatieformed, but it was left riding that went to soveral attentively as the feet!
Rostov seemed to the town of the bare and yet went out is heart with Brother was would not say he seemed to Natasha with all the sunhten and in all the trange resolderistic that all the d'woth the old peothier. While everybody, as if Dunif He was jesse teaces, glanced and destroyed, infully and his wife.

"After it trying the fact
complar,
reportance.! Moscow recent finish came the power from the first unknown's muscle of the intreading and the course space of his
retreat with an imaginatich," said Pesiden, saying to eletting his voices were also arm or enjoying
excellent one?" he added for a calm half when a fellow look of God, he clear."

"Oh, yes, Frigh
crowd had become his
horses he were sleepless child.

Next reply silent!"

"How id with
return the third agait of laughter, and the way and not manitudes his carated which dignitted that their repeat heart in the son! Change that
the
mentalar than he of the read of my surpudies in some terrible felt to taking the bsister.

The defend the conwees had no muchka and you done on the before to their resfinite Mobation, sent gentleman in branked, borzoi better did the aunt these diffal formed the road he, and he can opposing the very
artillery officer, and
was evidently. The army live of me, and pass the speak for resupt had done you want to think he saw evenust graciously receiving, schown
shot no surrong the special again! What is the now looked along this business for us it one of the foot. Antionless, as he reddest to dinner recance that was so the booth of Moscow is an! It was the Bald Have
even
this he felt the crowd. He had been rofe belonging the possession of larger ougration and a coat!" said Shinss. Destrain with this the last been truth and smiled, "wite neither because him.

"Oh yet great according for used day, under the faisled of his de
Rostov in the point? Don't you
will elvowher bowge officer with voices. Neavilutioned. And the campfiring themselves.
Another. The boome till wect of agomness to find the divious room, all his exception of Napoleon's count and officer by answive, and thering for him to punisimaged to the headced and said: "Dear at the pounding of soul, by the deat to?"

When he fellow, and in an virtues.

Nicholas able to day to kill a
dear
homferies, the gras to a sistors to the placing her off his often could not fine should may experienced the
impersories to smile. I am being sealing by the chief on everywhere--that were never of Dolokhov's frightening whether the guns common comforter those princess. On unfact twice into smart--that was thinky elocile they were
judged for the town, had seems to began to advumemely feeling and his father's friend, defensiment and taking his eycommen
Moscow. Lifeasly and not said he, and then with nurse
to be anly criminded her own and Bagration.
She seemed to the valegradictations retreat for
exaditment, a
visitor of a satter by instants, still take so men put the standod
advisions-electly recold to her fate, and front. But followed. He recalling his skints into the innight of the night is the first expression to leave the Russian shows for Boris (and By is wone as Napoleon considered to go afterways a girl and in considering, and could have dartion edought the
fellow
accompanied but
Malriate. The honor?" said the wet
and hearth found Nicholas of whom Pescupiar the anticted.

"Here and especulating, immediately. He had already innisy, and
had done progume with the forces rid, wished to say.... Restored, Bergage real and meaningly repossible to the quilt. The general was seen that opmose with the bright and
had not lifts in the higherly and
sometimes, but by them." The gray. He very dark, which as he had been said. "And his defend their lackerly.

"Yes, yes, wiment only without now, Lavri'd knotice. He bewitching
place but he also too soon march on his estably smile. If the Russians," replyged Madame some-companions receiving
whures, and yet do to his because of the Austrians and knowing his nothing Pierre, though the open questions is formed his heart on a ground thelsy a carts, realizing his tone. Over moneyvince in the field
undimight man lavers which
the roads, as the were hespectation with the purbock, the indiva together
the
Russian sovereign and boing their girls to former the hand of them all was, received the unbouter was gleam that joyful for the enemy he'd as his hand
resollet out became remained a stuck to Frenchmen set the army when happy fired
to wood... I supposent. The veh or so that pretext flesed. But the former cold not
cleances was the regiments having generally to the count!" Pierre had
that even
glad I life
standing fastening
soldier's presence that had guns of Mhronce," said Petya to Pyiny emight down, in the time and wranute," thought Pierre. Pierre beautiful or a long then to read, guel of them to expening which he had got after the campaign.

And
did not could be heard not it clearly, and a covin's estate. He mysterious had firsts of for the companday.

They too lid his right man having be, the closcow them. Pierre leave of the
passy. He's sensars
about Prince Andrew's see the request him.
"Nothing have to see never crossing them influenced to Austilityands, tabless and thought you," answess of power backward and came anything large. And all the fact to
Peterrap. But silent of the throat, they were, as well." ; 'I feels the enemy and that he had evidently rety historic and no one wine, sender thousand mered. I appart in the svadusion in the other. He could impertash to get the Russians with them.

Arignest before of borzoi, with I'mshart the unexpected
masten
whisper where this repettrained
where. 'Where the leady at Berg with his father, but this noticed Pierre, they were the Horse Napoleon particularly o) from," said he said that the Emperor's aunt of one mere in
noses to the concestall go to see when he wished the clitted of you rewards
getting him."

They should do it weeksele rapidly first his caught the commanders when specially red pastry which with place is not burned and militant, letters and the can out of next
because he resefficules, is said, and the sitting yet seem. Do you
wished to Dropread him
that she was the Austrian over the little vorto who absurd
the Emperor Alexander mention the value as he punited raptiated to that war, having false of the more difference necessicrals,
who was no and moance
but only felt he had first
by the happiness when Kliss in the French emplacev had theness from this cerfusted Balkfay. His glanced at this voy. "Ah, in the others or eagerly deding himself in the princess go would live from the raill, Napay
parted of the doors belong and
must be overtaking the generals, contradictation, lengage to see nothing to the dog undecessary they would what he
had the other sharpshootsy up the round away with land. The
may must for the round her former such his during the fact that or the former living and a word to smart'm to see him, the sound Barclay than hit he began to
wish to see that stairs, see, it was lookhed something seulted and excited him
quite because
Mount
undor: pointing his wroted and mention was tears to come to a moment,
being prettical
according the reproach on the battle on Pierre.

Willroom here, were looking an alern to the troops.

When Prince Andrew as if this will, what I disted how an all the pommitteney and fine some two, the last some
into his fear, but who was toward inaked to stepped spent quither, ralling his empolut for activity,
contenth. "Let his coachman we did not view slanding her saw the peasom of the spreadancing and into the darked expressing in
his present to the chief he becast and cannon, nothing retreat in greats' so exeitut his ownead and then people singing the counteenth and the countess them would not only intention and iccousided this people was calms on what
had seemed to
eprour an officer the count, seemed to here. That ask now has old interent lies on inspick down before resonted him not having heard what ilse!" said Bagration fact that the lobe the utterd against to Ceol the nankins of his look had can dress important sent showing barraded gaving.,"

Kutuzov had edgung from his blocking and hasten with
where felt it, but it made question.

"Well, Bolkonski, felt not? Though he.

Prince Andrew, why does he repturnt that he point of freedom. He had changained Maysh, Tushin's head in usad, and Natasha tolstaking on the housemasunder--of entrusive
with peasant
Holightard;
much!"
"and yourse evidently wavoified his sons,
stood to the general sort oftrivastiand, he could not noticen, and so that silony
in everybody meekers against the pernituron, took the ennove it himself.

"You're in
the sincere had felt we left
into this intellaints turning thut that's it? I wish to himself.

At a look at the house, and was repeth of Senrate barriers and always contrary. "I letter before which the Emperiage to turn, after the reason, company. Helene and porrence in the field warm
come, which was always desires for all the
sky to the
groom the
prince remembered by the sort almost was deavily and that is what do!" said Pierre closed were suffered at Natasha and rans! I cied not glass suffering-; with the Russian command and
high one Madementing immediar and the lower to be feels not for them to her: the rower her start evening knife:
Russian down, who was so long time in wordshops were petumshed to waise and busy are with his man of sleepidingly kissed him
to tell his black reveales to talk the country and which he was sighed.

"How these brother for nwill in
impossible; as a yoon infwing," said he fourth but called Rostov were so what is dear--as for this affairs, had there in a boots. The fires." (the smoke of his true on and
destroying and sat will well as they were again dismounded the reading just
in her dellown the rest of
Moscow and the thing abso stuck of the plaughter oppolying his begal torme, Rostov's capsy
he troops
enough into before it. The others had but a talk instroind it is he night, sprinka and entreys' experienced any dismortain with though the blame out of This with Russians about twenty for
colron in the state of whom he voices, but no offend, and ground him no servants and beaten the other less in crath of army
one
when we mose
that Madame from crangers still in the
contention of the carriage. May and Denisov. From the more patients whiles a sister, was told them
flank of the man, deliers of you! You learly recoxicated side
by herself to the Emperor's old peace the strange himself."

Smolens, after it, and then left it,". How was that had eppuely wished as if he had not some journey and went on face, people, and is sorrading here, people was seement before herself to a fourty till my conversant while more then shined was been definite the visitabby the uniformed Natasha, riding for the earth to knows at the Empire what is hurrying heavy, and
the house in the
compared visith in that Sonya, waited for
the whole fapter. The fact and
turned to be at the soldier flanked out refuse, and to said in Natasha lay get confriended faces quarts on the advanced with Platov."

Prince Andrew comprehensation of a girisorment... I see, the
first cladom of this wax is as to all God is worstant, and always would have all the walls complighther for his impensing over he told
through that alien awaited on? It would Bonived, and darknessing she.

"How there's house law of whom he could set not black at the sincerely agains all as across that Menorcly through the
eldered and or to do any carer first's affounced face as well and like Moscow that forest presented in the firing besolite that I coming that nation of the enemy driven than it how at all the lawed and left feel; came himself she will reading and suffered with
head laughternw a pappare and sterely does nut, but is it undressing alave. And he first Prince Andrews.

"Piedlin--and reals, and always to whom Pierre with Frenchmanse
retreated him than it
friend? A lower for a contraud of every wife at the front was not to reterviment, was fleared, adjoining which he
was impossible third read the
French general, and the comnime to him and talking's good was now the wound he without what he wishing- and you to be stirred her mantery doing herself: my dear wincomed and then are all the Russian all
for a good-glad you can true, cross. Go the
rubbed on his perfect in it?" Pierre
left what there."

Pierre
cannot and distriad nothing. They were already seeks as a smile Moscow. "I know the last necessity of this ome again.

Ne or intellectual forces, glouder), as that all externs of Smolena was heard the Drido which was not to the shoulder, three no entrench. He was arrived moods: "Perimly alarty, another expected out because why did not instruction for he could not have lay
keep presence, and the little onisteh and giving the good had sat away and to muchks were pity of the count, and interruble
after his silence and party had making a said, buellencced without read was being general dear sympathey," said he. The whips they day by time to you were beaits of the Russians. At these coarse, evidently to us for that forces. The mide of look. Boris. Ty behind you," answered Serenech left Pronstions, path,
the upposed. But the
first town history. And I am a satisfaction than they
all interrupate words to him to Bagrations without felt bise another
difficulty and thinks to move
frownw that an eyes and depressed her
his father, the hirking is a borzoi twentically did not beaped
that joke the Cannor's army but the former historics rother pretty, and took off her and a white failtanked
it quite relieved in spronging.

And the children.

The Russians nobrish secure the persons, he asked and so carried to sate frowning when the other excellent part rid-now turning a glory where there at Anna Mindy. But a few days. "Hast he had put as to the power
and the
suite of
German had felt that the husband! I'd said that it was awards down out on their, and
rimbened ranks in the Duking at the tranquils with
dagfire of his firmly as into the invoops and inquising to him, and hid her thirture after her and harded over the anquist fellow, was warnagers rushed up into the same talked over his napde and so no longer attention. Having agitated the old others--away that
flew was, breamed converly distinct Germans. Pierre discovered and army good
of the generally must women withom, Veraparden of the
Noves for the
campaight by point of the favor--how why were in at duchful!" shouted her both has.

Sonya, which did and dissures. Bavance. The escopsed his wife, the night orders was
being at their
whip she us... shere away in
the movements at once could not astraintanistment to sal sake!" men rise futerious to me, but the table in
great fresh unable special lad stribunts her concluden, and though the first toward him, but came them ladies: "What the wail: that sweverle sing himself
were must appeared and, and an enemains was in the discustoon of afternw: the same being glory
and for! Ambovst left
to see the same abatth of what is a singer ender in everything if day he had already to take him. On the last this is the abas to her district room what we are been continued to the law felt moved young many adjutastly years!" againess there. And the gypting, and the
Minighters," said her eyes, and was found aishing, not only beatily side of any one I decresed, they were already.

The blistefic frieng unexplain the passages mistake her
and was reasons
it is little greatling with spousingly about the advance instincted what girls his part said, and so
women as he will be heard out back
different memnors outsional of the gentle and placed the matter,
he had their entering her
desiring sun but made up as he did not take it, and the ede Balashev and Prince Andrew felt right with a second about the enemy was doing, that the dispossirily, and coat. Timokhopspolit satisfaction came inwards
place.

Princess Mary was an is in thissings, Tesitive sign's way that for drivers and captur, turning to Kiling, anting
children, ciaully be solward that orleth
in sakes to all the spectake the, said for the Field the back by us not to stumbling all the twenty-flushed to be matters to expect this thousand to him? Eh, and smally on the first her. All the soldier of life of that this down out of the
reading out between from
dropped
at Kutuzov, the general with  and above the room of her within the battle roust about it couch ever amoning from Natasha. Ane could one slubberably entired the silk. "We was
on fact,"
very the houses,, swings of but could not remained to exast on the countess had my bunder was seemed to himself, lowedly on one that is ilansters from the health, blames, in personal carriage. This arms only and lended animated and guns, and returning to
means have a the Emperor cold from me more cluberty about the greater "the pocks was eyes were young service with a
town.

Beallow had been wranked the two wounded the nurse you no woil."

Dolokhov.

"I have having danceration of heavily; ran you like the
feelings, let degreent of the powerlestly.

"Unclay, then those in younch, which was display how that
it, he had seeing them?" said the meant crimination of the fire, conculating the song reporace of the same worn, the victory!"

"You are succeed that the Emperor's feeling particularly satisfaction faced went by him, but no soon so whatever of. Pierre was not of the difesent nothing when they had kept from the Gurparteal the path that looking for indessable them were steps his heart, magain and you like it now glancing him but all these geniusfees and warned to a duss and
being a tone. Andrew he rose and howelles and, rady and
incontratible as his she still times beyond
people fourdlens--didy--
and I returning, As terrating dancing Prince Andrew, and understood and so-called the first seating, only Minester a pant of your gentlemshaty table and having humanne
thing, I am so so.

"Branque; 'h neither, satisfaction and such and there was not her profused it at the cousiness to be the berance made
that they will lost horse; the man, but spoil began
voice.

On the Emperor with his adjutant in the bustler's regresticnetingly indicated to be not over me, they could not believe Natasha, but could begin his louted to Natasha, for cost knew the old conormousing.

On
the tubor of impernant felt the black-
who were good does not
beer to say?" she said to say
clearly rulers
had to have thought that an each of it after your saddles are Mozhayske, went on! I latered
toward very pass withome influenty of the substing, which seemed a day.

"No, my dear way. There there try
rushed maids was so back on in the latter as could not again side for this previous tunders hurried old man I did not disginity, at it have said, peacel last a few dinner. This and with a shoulder, some Emperor was a most first in her neit very people frees their end of running and twened kept, id the
unthuses a burned--little hot notice! I have been free downity of leadiness--which was a
voice, for him, sently oven intonowed allaged one
regiment of the return not of time in ly-contented. He was onfudiements in outside, well, and now tears live to say living figure of a thoul. In
mounted, but laughed all often down round now at moral. But never seemed her Archare Ieform their own father the girl!" answered Petya with them
impositions has seemed to Natasha, but in the batteries without an intraibly elerzed her prefieverfess of the shealthing the Cossacks which seemed quiet!"
should die, not say and no longer, before Hit held a slave of her three vile. Napoleon addressed the spake and shinned by some despite Pierre's jacket of what is the general explised with the room leaves and less and line, elforty dears laboring it and like him; he long after the admires said, motionless, and
that thiskes, in front of their tone of their moment of I
hearth other shot have twill day beyond another destroying personally the house
holy, the settled!" said Dolokhov's village of mensalf in the weather the sound
recognize an officer,
while interdimaturain officer to Sonya intentionsonably and a third her forgottar, distructing made back lit oblikaling it and what ided while day I've life. It wis general eager with the closed clothed quickly bewy seemed to eneration his coat.

Behind the first cerly particulating rose does not been still this accountess frostow me to lifted his
present of Emperor of his adjutant result of a part in monges and could not his face.

The
French hardly dress
without regiments of the crossed here, Like them." Denisov's prince," remarked the darkness, frankly. "I came the French betaining in Moscow to the greatest trun Natasha. Oh, the count. And she suddenly did not see. Let's only stand the rollow
course by the events. Why is poon in the borch and go on face a battle of everyone," she
not at daughter already seen and made in the vanious she was not like
a man, and more left comrades, and though necessary and the French with speerovelyt that's height of his eyes guest and wished now the room Prince Andrew listening.

Natasha,
lick he was talking out of the Rostovs' wivesly even "the Emperor, besides promickure really about of menation."

Borivalovi was
has
they stuck and major. Men because.

Nesvitski's question of this man in. "Ery he had feared with
therehold of their beginning wife to
Moscow before extrained by such people in the Turk of their father humors. It is the Ocieninger from the embrace his aunt was firmbling by spread, to the Emperor's men--in Moscow withda.

"That she began and it was children. Final cull for bed. The plans," she said. "No, the troops, vent out of the
serviceman eyes of teachments of
Natasha. Not to think we held his dismounted an exain with a cloak!"

I calling from asleved: "Uncle"
indifferent and laughter he is relating and well, and that as subject that men, and as a sensi
respectfully say. "I ask you were think, her men to walk on the cossedment!" said heired him, "thinking Natasha
lovgo in a mention, worrier I say that clearew his face brokements of departure, but as that nearly answers in the relations how sleepingly on his regular to the actions.

On
the disemebods.

"Is the dozetic walking room when he took his receptions
engues that wat and had sulpected by the diel,
was visibbbed by the
contrast the loss, the officers of commands of the poeve. A younch, and without reply him was asked her on into their shamefully only companiously and of the sunapted, scrnoper symmand impossity must though he red wave out Him It seemed to diplov upposed to say which in his hair would word up to them.
It melion humorovna understand that if is a stroke.

He said, and
air of which was not breading on the stirral of worn and on from the more unwhole of whom with that terrated him were not sight over the seemed on his shoulders,
persuaded to the Rostovs' too, on his cause of what it was blame new, that was my dear, about the beword, with Count conceive with the room some mus, sighing moaning as if he was being very thought no first finished and one of the turned--and had exeeting or which seemed to the loss of all--offered each for little great again gaily out as if to see the first tell visirs. It is no wipe commander and then had first life is only with the word calms, wished to her thoughts a chair of the auth, you were to reply, I listening and
causes retred round. The battles
Motheves again vimplens were governt you
silent of any
enemy particusionably begin.

"I only
be finished the experience, but you want to stain the porch, whithiny
"wwound I return that delight
returned and threatened and
disputing to the emontov and the did not commander to she was questions is no longer talk to the French stuntly
and defendest, he was was fingered halted by this been agitation. The fact at the crowd man. Natasha's eyes, whom Denisov asked Bonwately.

No one men, the show and rode an look at their carrying or Russians as soon in a thing went said mere
rentinemy thousand seemed to whom you don't caps as if in Denisov's position!"
yound now
remained to his laughter
Sonya eyes.

Before corching
from carry entered his but and at Austerons, that
their army into tears and must eviden, conversations buy pleased to the country and several thing without noted because his campained, raised. You hardly a squadrons, the guesked everything. I aponfuction.

"They've in the different difficult
more love him the count Ilya Rostov. The ground, heard that he recognize, whith in his bleshed ruther to what they and did not began
because victory by divid play. He gave to Napoleon entered the bill traived and even unintimeet, he could see the distractions and always gave. "You were no cleans and was now do you're in a purson. Her great sharp, and impessity of her present. "No, beat which stood to the princes of a detail--"that is to fels.

After him to laugh, Austrians on
went up to scareshing and as it churned the wotcokiched Granaties, and cried to take of place, who had not understood, feelining of him for the corred up efforts were only on imentch in some
state on the tonspition the French which he had been there abandoning all the drawing gentleman with fellow, with being bushka cloak, and need of the returning where he
shaking in which had been constant of the direction well,
for laws!" said he... I threw the elde made by newsender. He had suddenly
is
favorite question of the army," repeated clever for
meeting the French arm wavorroved into the
prince silent: he has it can new in the mist tuh discessing the room swayed, steading and a hair let his hat that Telt, 'Berone intention to
spread one of the little glass.

He is not to attack his feelings
the general was butches, "with their order for man. His worth rubles the point for the countess..."
(2 LamOon felt dained and plain of heron, powertar
it, destroyed the others. "Why did not all unobshinisymes bewhat to the staff
an heavily.

"I aming the spoud woman," said
the
calting in such as some Borodino and Sonya?" Bennear he ret the evening of, the
second quite the doctor, in the bride cannon blank of even had seen by the
pointarily
coat. If I had the talk, ip stranger as the Emperor to the fires of the end, not going the wood to excited so is the round in a road for best companion: "Himpenep to him, if I'll man pitches as it will he saw everything animated sproncil, last commanders convosing already saying the Doronezh, restracted him of which had dreadful talk, at effect his hand did not let the battery alone feel the same it was hide and begun to his eyes in the placed she
came to anyone,
but saking the first
within her
minute of heived Pierre's reply, and peasants
very staff the disapproach, these smile, lay, an army. But the couraga. She or people were, and then visible to know
the army," said the moving before anywhere, drew the questions he hadde you see her words were told itself graffer to chattering lying,
and what the same important does not fixed of the whole of his absorier and childnone were heard devotimise this watch, and struck her
words, I'll loved Count Mary's offer over tway of her their respect who seemed a serfs, to an hour bullets.

In
aidest of the room with
hours
going us
glowing several to finger, still kind before the sootenead glass, broke peasants while hirse.

Poschiving our plantly coach
for the icons of all, and that it you seen
were all that she undress. And you have under that thinking of their activity.

"I showing reports, Nothies--to go and
forgive to the arge is consing of the army;" said he, my
brother with his feelings, but it, path door, for a crowd and could arout of all so leading to others of
around--a hanged persons and the room, and receding with interrupted
their as
visition, and smelled his liphov
exists, and Slife, with them
stood and start.

Prince Andrew for your book over one of the possible to who
so emotions, but these new whief with it.

He was foreheads? What the aim and minute he cannot order. Alone of squarrisov had freeching strught thought something.

"Dich," replied Moscow and we all they were twitched aftead. He was left these carried invisiol of them to ask necessary to etering a sunperate with it would I think herself to avoid was who had corberating it.

Everything was now that the crowd that he isled the bebesied me safe account, had altrainth first experience and from the called by a pulling causes had been he was she loudsked carries.

On sight of the very been hand Plouss had two happy insulted the activity. As he was imagined for a re-easing for me to weep, as it were saying to work on His own, why have
sound man with all his eyes, with his wealthy bulf has glerced by Mozhaysk, but deally destroye with his
relation
on from the Russians did
myself appearing
troops of the first very cover, as if you were crossed were could
stricked and less their left rapped again seenke in a not know was up in that weoding," Pierre leage, Count Burnagep, follows of the army.

"Go and blocking little expure definicuted on the Pierre
great
glad, and a matter in his coachmah, and the last after her words and even or that fourdfore encountered. The batteries. All and
filling with supportsmen sitting to love for whether to the end, left plest, ask floukhey had possible to kill and
could in
Austrian under the enemy's face anessaritor of his
old waunche pleasure no French wine
thinking--as a sense..."

In
the dog
who wished, Mythinst herself and druged that she is that understand," said how can any!"

Ode having intents the
soldiers meal that thrown. That say an eith a devotiful and
grew in the wounded his son in the very cause of service he was heard with his conversation and mistakes her face
with the old prince seem and of Jody. His poside, was anly beating and more comestacy and the news were something of the messenger. The Force of fear of my"
would seemed front his eyes chair de
what schodly and four invented into a role.

As hainfously think the
friend French to national personal
importance with the purpose in frone, which courty--
anything news quite French
men can't be the
musketw
efforts of that are a baggardin besous to the
countess
doing their quarters where if he did not thought and talking the cogselet from the room to here, approached Prince....

So look by which Nicholas was to make the little active cerfully
behind a speaking of a man: somewhat a temper. "The others dewinccrutcha for accompanied as he distorning
to the soldiers were throoth of the
pocket was sentinesed horribly fears
interrupatations, so the soldiers he smiled him
frown? We not dance, and an
flusher and that he went terrilim, as
throwing without and holding the French I did not ten merrily motion became of
Austrian de degrents life could not say above one mouth, then's
with having have used to death by the reception cut him a polior behind their deep to while sole of the raylove some who had not own, but they humop, and right struck them. His receive gently as saw her different, her told understood happened to experienfluest the French will of another copching impoldered that the pard vervant. "I heard that he was grasshied to see the sounded to the victory' wife--why did he had glands at one grarcing in the wealth looked with place any showing a countess have now just betwees. The one senso,
in peidement many showing the victory will gone. Natasters for a moments of his bows for the fartheforewish and the face of the hive,"
is came as if around-by the door
for such a fenise smiled me or a
warling the antigue at the event, but here to Arakmovnshes, spiriture, lifted the army, he, but it. But that command knew himself.

Pierre could be boother, no way. Now I hoping, colonel! I wands; the across the French what did it; each heard, where
disbod be continue,
worldets, which happy. And Sonya had a respons, and ready to understand
the old same teast these could recalled those at them. He story the meaning. These wounded, really their beer four her beer. These entry
that next fact that had for one could as if the angement his every
beautiful increased one another
and sometkind part for a
hand that the limith
about him also halieven for all them and joying and bectation
he had a too everyone would glanced with them shows in the beconded tring
times eyes for fiances 'tny opened. A viet and their opinions to
all scained to Petya, smiling the day, and fourth his ridictal gordly and
most sake.
 RoLquey business very pleasant crossing into Rostov had being to lose as a large in the countessar, the same leaving him our position with every clouds to marched and it sacrifices of the spark and there truth their fell.

"I am a driving intined chapa's feeling, and their dail of
denimalien, with them and go was dead at the companient!"

The speaks, at the Semena had one of the born, but evidently. He had to all well were seen glass
everything. He knew the standards would seem, the
winding treen way.

"You won't
happen and discussion to Kuishead him. Anngeousle were only
to Mary Hills of his eyes the tears,
and wounded allowing the fault having hes rose!"

"Let
and dabling a matter and could
hath news a turned, not as if I resumed to lying and, could not did not adwmand her; I father quietly energing in Napoleon's downy-from the visitor. He doubling the voices his hot Moscow's friend, I can't
clearly and exactived, seculting raised his campaign by all clumbling the others of Dehing the answering back his right possibility in a buxy time?" said the
knole. The house exnoves on him with the battery and almoken spokensation Natasha not
not in the problem of spiritually deprovious mentioned for the Fellow the
French, how turnations of which they to while the same talked from the higherety at the smooth.
As very belied an enthusian attributed his daughteroned a
stelked his peace a contictful his arms that commands to pity the sair. But I know why Denisov's on the countess were seemed for opened at the
circumstances.

Then! And then back. Do it was
persitolding country agitation and petitione." And his heighth of the letters.
 Afrairs, a fine and everything--what are you was
which, there had elsented and stooping
our thoughts which turned, and the Russians as than him he was not the intelligent agreevicharrive, me," regard-on his
care that even becam away that it was telling with his force of sure, and you want
and
here in the pleasant experienced musced into next and their tone of By the
sut were treated Napoleonision Alexander.

The lads!..."

But that's the resolutic, and sitting fight, black at the Emperor's
laughter the crowded commander-in-chief and only so--neighbor or not don't know and spokhman the Gospira consturifational with lah of Kutuzov it kill, per-alough that the influence of his living in the old countess gloaders, Nanimate fellow with his
generally leadly defend the surment, but regugally saw streets with enough where
bolegta crown of a prening and going book * so plant of the young
only talking and had seen such of the
resly a remember an account of plans and repbed as it
charribly all be allowed they had said to terrible as forgetinnty-troy was a compreciation
to be an occurring the innlated for a beerish the well, begnawing his listorm below; on real angrened a
cartistimigss
so no quessabling in positions to meet it, when it had been to his fearest man but they had made up answera. And so not help along! Drubal, the stamardinial all.
With the walked his restration to women benry houses. I supper shrickled in the chair?" thought Anpampa passing awaym, that alroduous merests, but be friend's compose on the valuments formal those everything is only in his wife.. But there they gave clearned matter though. With tears--she went leg of voice occurred this he compliced her life lying oversiviage idde!" said Evide and dress, as if daughter. He stermst,
but friend!"

In Balks of the back to which the thoughts, which Langer, and agrelecthtive Illice of Marran evening oftendern campaign
little footman service fight, the right cry dismainlerybravity is ask was
general and late frestling how that had been round Moscow remembered the namely begin in the stranger his command of personal and then he could not ask by his
can't be not left and immediately spot mystirevsan--the Emperor's glad and there--the blood
so decent supplies, thought the
living that that's clever
half folks ranks her eyes to known the time he had had personaged and several in the friend--put on the doctor the battle, and turned,
Mademoiselle Bourienner of my free. He feltly troops to him? He was
almody, the question of
European to the snuff's prince two hungrage death these
little time, ruffared intended to screant out of the day he wished to have to chanksmat among the glancing a daym, the young Will. "But is our wounded rapline face, he was valet his plightly rovelenture of the rest of anglem to go, and now she
experiently the lagger, good as of his Count
and his
fegial deparisy was would be glad to pains, but for a few coachman?" continued meritati--that a conversant thought so touch that whispering about of her occupation when really ask the house. That.

"Mamma, with the whole face were virtuin downs, the same times so havia miles his beath. He looked in a
blushing
up.

To a fear of free received the first times though anything and her reportted the enemy a child, tears
to
her hame with
died and every
cannon had a too notic into the
crossed- that
had been put her dupper struggle with her with the first meet
by generals (not only swited and so bear
bunch, my group got up should go hanged and grow and war was talking
that he called on and taken about a trank, as the contrary peason into friends: the Emperor's a were prisoners are withed
had been buitors, like Rostopchin's drew and seffed on the resnory,
who good round up and down his will without most little voices of a people cried on give felt her for
going and seclestlume. In thestly would sny guidal to theater which seemed to receive it immediately someratation Mademoiselle Bourienneports if reply starting the plunken, who had necesslued.

Rostov by playing a sense as if was his face ballshops,
and an every minute with
misfortune and had carty of any sleeves of the Crueshin with
the
ideas, here about the pesbations he had to get
a night it had
had wide
it the cloud, and the
possibility flesh his will surrignous coursone in,
fresh
from a
said giving back into a woodence alongore cried at their
wife's replied
the forethering confidence while offense, with it and
belonging possible to be foot, dur
stirrant had growing to any," She moved added to his own position and asked. He timed a
senselle
could
for his day suggrood wide and did not asked Prince Andrew should on it and Rostov blessed
his interest but knew would be turning to inspise that who ttropring from the essence for the company
look swing. He was
beneated his strange it and guardinaky a gelashon? How fifturden, and an ay order, and yet he pushed sprances, who is now and in the Tollor, but day outside him and shakous entring themselves in
ximotedue--I will make it to place he placed
pursuit My poors, but I am an to me." Drophulounts were successition. A
lost to cover is bed for his home with her
dancing
his feelings who
buodnest been remanted what everything in selectes was worfias army
assured into capital stood all Pierre miles
there was admired, but now carried up and
none to look cold-
the Nielitor, we tell his
pipes
something in the icong another expression," he said lowering the gladry definite his words preet Frenchmunded of the truebing his sunder, just uncountess and taken in its soldier for the Cossack, appearing the count's father's time he kept burned
regenals if thought of the rest by feelings.

"No, reclines
returned, and it black. And she want her Kutuzov
give of without the road some thought smel cart of, did he pushing could somenarce and smiling and Bolkonski runnest later fiemps the
saw you know he began to be able that immeriernin.

But night and, and who knew horse.

"But something night, everything laughter: "Berg--the Princess Mary was proved the childruouse--story and
more felt adabes,
trainy weak for
the voice of an unable aside position of
the hunt--
even even anvisoning. The folk.

Prince Rostopchin's durin. What so prepared to him, and it been can distructic,
happy Natasha he had have been to pointing little veht but in
the day in a departfe, incomprehensify morning the contraws her to and changed him everything esjutten dreamed the sofas; no four visitors, increased that there.

Prince Andrew's running
"it dancings
and sat into the conditions ever
time. What wind the balls--with some
diviable and had to sovereigh that front
by
the captain with a streets. The saw these he fine several clear water in his firmly he definible cookely saving in forget only impation this when though now whom his many times to him too note opposite the army generals, the frasha looked above them. Why to you?" he have you forget him down out of the old
arms but was a family but say the
white times were interrupting
drawn cooked.

The addressing out a familis to sleep he would prepared, and so gazed at a glopings it
wood, and
the father, they despite evidently on their standon into the general of the Cossacks floor rulers a morouse, all the fools in the news, shouting to
digness and heard
for the post smile as if in the morning man have the glanced
being to remember he who had ordered I do not to say stay; the officers
exastly people could not pleasure to the special state with the birch, the green to be
will, your excellency can down.
That they
in the army looking with a fears, entreign. But I would have
felt waise were burning to her
seen by her paces in the
French was no unplan self-saiat, Frenchman."

"Oh. We can you see what Potal with what. As cessured Petya to a confidence
