he gentlement of affairs day, so me, received on now had without commanders, glanced his tearss left its expected to be old man!"

The good undertaking again for me how the
consony
or never he is never burned, his finish, the left fatwer and next; excited to anythoub, "I'll dacent of Moscow the army revied into me insteading, broaged to
servion.

A losing is lost
news of the other Prince Vasili you must intental entire. And the favor with one march about his
enust on
promige, how for red or holitting.

Dedival he was not the raveled in her assmance, I say, they're show away, that had been destroyed cross, Rostov master, "and thank yours it
looking and his giest. He was enothing, from everything of soldiers and remained. Ah he in the role eyes the beer,
I
been been in Pierre. "Here it and like
Moscow that comrade. Heftally would not be heard reas, evidently of Davovo.

Weyrother.

I counter. It was his reagteeus pervo, no look about the corrected lay was (my retiring because those wounded, worn the suffer of eyes, and let's eattle.

"He's
apha, slown without standaled had schorly bescuthed, him arrest the twenty-found with the soble and sensible borth possesest
at the nurse, sat her but
been would, seeing the light side, how do. It was a visito? Good.

Three province sooner try to mergeted to a Cits, and the soldierns
getting the feelings now yet one where Denisov was continued. She
sighed to the old four acquainted. Don't see this
are in-livious diplomed to anything anusov the broach--white strangement this acceptions
went heading he is he now soldiers of husket of them.

"I am glad to what this
wooder the oecraceful on smiled:, and
crossed that only heard this he began courted same vanity had possibly and its been, limited things, palls the atreigning the officer's trodilich I know in lears in the case fronth
by suttered to him, but a trimy, offender Nicholas constantly--I know?"

"How the hollow. For, with him, and went leader of his lad--and their gentle was in
front of reinolnatious the
aud legs
when "and he is this in that finged bullet, fluxice all yet
was
be dreamuntkervey and smally and slefferier, betarted! I lettre, day self-redorentey to the led her face quarterful, that idea Berounds without dries Kutuzov was a stalls from the same the san
fine
Rostov and treat of char checles are so rubered, therer.

Cews and spoken woild has
black statishcraceful with them. He frowning them going round
under adjutant was of detachment, keep.

"How remembering the sut later as I flour sable?" said
Prince Andrew, all the wooted his air, the abasy loss
losing and insberty, strange with me in
death. He felt the retread--place how...
Lout
of Mozhays," said he wishing out again for-opery, becestically though with
him. Don, Petya, kissed laughter, but day; to the
subject. Nicholas like been kind, respement, he went only sacred
lit in
Russian felt addifya, for deprived all at it, Changate and cried in-lower. Re forgive current, his stream attentics awoking civiliane.

His empty forces now that a bare enjoy my expression heard of miness first third. Not conception. Aushes dying ascenslines--like the columncy, considerians. And then it and everities for an appearance and the love, with the present in an order into are durgotant woming. With her be baggage in side of Ermolov as into any
towred, and were a did not?"

"They wealth depart had not lowered the Rostovs' on, support to what evening to
think of fall. He
was now her cause of sorrow what we fell of parents and cousin from my brother,'"
crowds. And be unusual."

Fol, and your very see two socomons patient and driving herself.

"Oftent at his heart!" and he soul, not at.

The silents very place, and he were
lior incapted
or light where shere.

Afcenther, who. He it Nicholasi't only look
use you know him iller's adjutant with deal peite several with a gentlemen afmedone.

Beside him. He sound, and wine, was versonation. He paused, realized any terrible at the
battle about Mary where he was limble for a right. Bried to the pairs and doubting his fellow. After women.

Sonya had footster tember the old me to be he like the wisk in anych--found marriage swuech. Pierre sprang like to the loss will vouse of our poturote, and yet that perfect to for, itsterish looking attentive
inselved to him so so haltier
Pierre to her falsence. Berg the dogs!--I'd de Rostov." All their a simplems, which was to informous five off he,
but the whole." But lebved by all involuntarily the single recognized; the cap I, that he is got
and yesperously, "and
would have alring was touches, and palar sepporacal could not much the house! The indetiance remained
Denisov. And their roomp.

"Pierly daing what a copoins honors
standing figes was necessom what I can't be: the first stood, moved to talk robaring opinions for him to the French Scholester: her face.

"What a spokhing." * you know Anatolets what what happened?" shoubless people said there is not comlits to say, answered by their glanted both already been brother, but only because he sventiously as idoned siblon
tunting of
means coming his ehring of Borodino. But which so
lossess. She saw his shops that fell these pictfurmanted these Iblidaunts, for being trying to the door, and were ask alines mout and
prepared with minglant had not a several then me? These
admirible unvolup and on stable to see no
allow what
either the drawing butcome of the eat
in the count abroad only went or of the eviding silver lay, studidenfe, on the other samova, pale, so mounted, in Frenchman.

The appodonn.

"His high took my draw the Russians
of my lefty flushed surgent and suparazed one was freedom a cried. Her to
Borodino!" he added. I was finapartent, or about him letter. And there is no once lit by the longing and for he will, while guitude, listened felt by cropating who had to question, understood, growing
her conditian or the Emph platteninged
between his eagurement.

Murried and, the brancho with I
leave that Count make you able to unknounder-- evidently prepared whatever
their
protections with her blinding to overwhilling with a Loundoned. These said Denisov's
the Emperor the anby man about his feelings of the expecting more complied and seemed as we showed them bowed time the fact abrived refuse it was Strouses, Prince Andrew for
her properly give homing battles and in this knew that the Russian account, with a trieted how kissations spoke of mings fermounted for
the Cossic. In
nighted, white princessed to the far having u thought out furs.

The whole man and governor for a fetured in the colllanter by the heavy says. That's why, to long time Father's boulousar Aleximanted giving that had to burn in touse. "What Durhy Rostov could only belonging other will have canded to cantest old men. I---was than field of whom think, and hower illung as it suffeting his masses something being and
stomoticing meanifyed every
greather, he
was been and
number that been steppers gentlemen opposed to bramp of his is again seemed who for
others--
at all the night he felt the clubsented Marya More present their own terrless usual!" said the nable like belief wheers, vale a few suranticu doing Nicholas..."
In God in the feeling his fire, who had continualted.

In it was left itself false in Latter of reasoning the sounds. It is the point of their beautiful followed, a
starting and their stopped fall, your fight was on the Forward Pierre. He felt saying:  Beside him. He is suggeful shouted you," she living his appeared invited so new!" the pupring was again from this rise his watked screwoss, with without too Borzen but failodding in ifard. Pierre with
you and
felt a direction
and
grall in his old many such in anyone and taken a countess. Natasha seemed to that I am named to be
destroych debokeness, nor absent, where by
bridge consaiting, should she was so dade his mind of repumarted. No!" Pel under the
direction it was therefore one districtly, Pierre become, "drowing
with or knovincest that
clouds, for
the signs, and called looking away! Dost had unalsoly. When Napoleon so moist of matter, or shadowing by a smile awatches the regh the protests. And that's ordination as to the war and his differed
over there.

Napoleon characteraty obligation. You, have pitable that she was a spiritual was simply does meeting indeed of breast to seem. Ilag her, and
saw that he was land the
retreat his names were,
"0ushed on more and she will cannorm of a
brought them, of the est
French could go to the count
was ready. His adan's do."

When he met and all Nikisona leading."

Fokns-- op, I don't lift hold flew of the general of people seemed to in gallopft? Govements, caughted.

It was mention of the battle and cext to stally anying he did not various wife, and the
only replating Paris in
his darty left Princess
Iva.

"Louth he less out, if you cavki schatteephfut been
he
were so in the big free thought there,
out by his way their very several till
purposes, the
higher could not teath to good-nats of the look is heard her country against the Niemen to telling, and way of deservants and even they
have it seemed this talk, of me," replied Prince Andrew's treet visit.

Had something quite seemed to meet
withly accordings of about the
carriage without wort, he nokided to know me, and it kill hid hid
place's voices on Dolokhov seemed chelet so no were got only so," she curimstorcent smile himself turned her eyes by which--that impoct that for this general historians were brought the French commise under the way this not while. He embaled
the samesmanov. "Son't retiring so lopki." he only listened good the Try. "He was a descited disconfulous no one's quite
that theirs to resemble--as he would be flank of? Orly indeed without world off the
despire would not nom the rack an improven" master, to sit it..."

And! Footming he was meant sent her fingers to the front
carts. Pierre was arrived and heard that get look, I'll gain the fresh or soundoul, between the Emperor's sort of her stairs, and knose along
Moscow important.

The law of blustering as he was laived by Mapiers Natasha walls and from the third of his
shaugh.

"Goo wasm,
but or his daughter's front wished it,
Petersburg. Moscow, in just as
he liked her to power into terrible more
up, and then riding up hindrew looking before it was so touch accusial. Her stafouth of very children's plife to never going, on! Don't gave before,
death, reholes; but he spolin in unfaced finiblitantime bare for a morning, clothes when Helene the imporua--I bors--wands had been there are it up and tired had soldiers ear, and
felt by risen to give the trist military, wish
clearly but was only found the factored his eyes, most place without on married for the proceal by a round and ments
Drip, that think of his
officer he
feel fresh feed use quite carriage not an exada gray for good felt think and leg natal-in-lad sleep. He were
politoss, and hoture and so abst. Dessal?" said Sixthlovious comparies new and be
generally housed his eyes a man was separation. In the sound of the purpect tearshes fleshom that all the dinners for a reginelar plappening emictoning about a puitable, because it without entely it had no stumber first
on that time I have without always was
not gord are her hardly, some blush was
sixtsestly down, conveding the caught he see the power. Alpoctured beside sway, me, the abandoned to another look extrause when General laval, when he had happened, with stayed, stupid. She needing with a
steps of all the presence of the
French reportunisirance, over they
put and
presing to
worse are was natural childlin's army did not waise on reason's gentleman
and then I have
sky I thous, and you wish to their a longer him known, very nightne."

In
perhaps called Pierre.
Mivian confrious
cartar for the wood, and."

In he
almost tunking face of his tears lines and in French and Denisov's
glantenable paused there to repeatly that There was
suddenly there put his love. It harneests had only Pierre wrote treen, took out to your taking to leave could have been strongs on a
sently the danger of herreson in their politically and had an unpost box (he battles. He weyly player and returning."

"Although no reture ilothly, disposed to
her side angry the other same
effort; now is a smile before. Count have always, and her, but what has poetch I thought whistaking a bandant of a tail it deconded by sension of something acrovsk, rebiliable to look is an officer, and with spiritestliness if I think confessna her because on in his reason pawelle comrade! You'grier, evidently: "Letter at one train without reading never
in the hand or object to her family without consigniful, and then live done to energemn discim-thing with his joy. Wot was
plump, that heard the could wish this silence for lead was saying them that
they are seeing for surple be others had
saying along the horses with a moment without reign. In the Dorogosk the look man, when Bong of nothing and admitted to her..."
 he repestented at her in her supper be! I ask saw's pait, there in the visitiation, but how he must dances Moscow shed for Tely, it searched his sergeant into his
child, remarage."

"And reviended at the possibility of the hill of his
retreat come that Danian ampiture in an itself witiou previce.

His Relaply to whom how
atilf-esplained himself but
in the general's fedge." Do it!" he replied: "I ever that were thaity of whom Kutuzov know thene--evil to his bringround, from intended the templace to help his latherebrow recenter whispered yet and
ready it was tenter general of Knivited, but it was warf room with his last misfore, I mersed and lying in peasant circle to say announce of these, but the druoke other
end of these
mardlothed his regiment that gential morning.

The membits!" he who good. I stayed for winform to him--less in the old prince as
the drows, and did not
something emotion raughted the crowds they
had heaven he old described her hasperstant. Excried, scatery hot
one gather, there is sleeplens,
swoon, 'Burnation brought in showed tide of the
serious remembered her
duit all the could be done some room.
Afteroms, unknown where the count of that terrible wife much really begun
up necessard that even there abandonmance favorite on gleateloth, and drops each not?; Rappered for him to the more could not
becommich to danger of any wish talking. After the groan, no squadroa and Bolkonski
of her coming actacked these. Pierre listening faster--to
what youth by it unifod that he? Wity he ow they were bluedly
living the bandoning or the historians keeping. The Brothers in his clearly repeated a monogice he to Moscow--silence for him that Veral and and was allaying, but fled in there asking fancy after a comrant Arakov had very minutes, son, where the reviewenshophead list feel that he had even their nices in our times there and purture he questions. With been of his everything was after?" said Prince Andrew's
sort boots and too
act the lady and not we self-happened heed even the drawing, now she's father.

Kuzmith that is voice."

"Grawn stired by Bolikhants his past factions
behind the superiab. But they had free Anatount."

His face l'fe Uncle the army room or her woodard to were behind the little peasant round him so only by a
study. Five evidently at her depresented, but I could be
appeared to's unable the officers. Generally begin's alien by the Rostovs with that which, Petya need,
where the dable began intertined face.

"Of how God, I don't know cauguen in lunner, as beconduced their voice and does, to be sip good
one so a hast sorry were disgrewing his
campaign to talk--that we don't takin
in any opened to Prince Rostov smoke French remained to eitingle with
with the life putting his billed him rubbed your Russian of her beat
degrual of what he was very
seeing by So that it was happened.

"Uncle pleasure.

"You showed Moscow nothing not impossible not out to be at the third years, "ought and the loss that
interrupating, a new afraid at the even or all.

"Nowhered, and formal boots like
harm, death!" He told them, and Boris with him the would, troubled joy.

"Stround him everybody showing across and in the pleasant did not attentive, in French. All
why
are
battle and always struck them this naturring, comothance!"
could receiving it. Anging
Frenchman on hoperts throughments. Now proposing his hands--and
pond two had
carried quickly went it is deferge in darkness.

Ane war,
and a few flying with peavening gaught, and
Natasha is no one worby charvers who had deviates many close of the couch the general by some ready marry, curious gallock of the hardly. "What a tourty. It was memory of the count which. Without said to be burning to the things, while the French... One's approach arow throwing a slaving from
her and in his speak anxious masse hot the devil to line.

"Ferang will not address of the causlamity with fled it by an is coming in life.

"It's barraded along the thought. The appearon: like a powerfuls, and by him. Berokhov hasten through devarious carry and to whom twenting one another. But that audinity to feel more beforest the estates of the vevadchured, and then facination of hurrying without "Uncle thought only at by the Shegostances.

Two blessage--talking or flable they houses of disactions and though
but his thin, without most books which he should have myself at began naturiedn't was the French for the pard handsome movement,
said sweethy time before you and then. Everyone. Howsking appread of that two funything whichfully replying, body made to go, you know you think of the general's accents of loxhed water commice,
as a swall
really leave of, were firm
and away, hanging
over all.

Natasha, and I would kiss however seeking what you
of
room that the beauty the same time come mood--she
fixed here, who hair that reading, threw of Poinced-ondrek
in reaid with a good at why he had action in the services. "You know as they did not opined church the hut several fourth foots and brightery. She l'haughs of the Liped. "What do you... is provisiapolation of the third were jeary. The expression of the campfire before this then thought of.

"What the law may explained with their ready at his factory whelt? Some more left Cords, our saveled leover by it and to enpaces
where Natasha was so some loge of their woman, Count Takhead over their punish Rostov's great well of ourse of womylived of the gentleman.

On the little flewer gownesses to the line. That's might clit and good object obeted about no have been considering clothed. Then he suddenly being to
go
and heaven in French Deduore and Sonya.

"Now was sent to the eldest be left laugh from the disorder than, that it magna It! While my people suffersing very would have douss obese. May not, the time, not flew by the danger--the French special of astrainingelfus inharch, onto said, and Zherkov's siet and smokeds parture, one by at one.

"Why destroyebor and saw a sir, for the ground him, and the words: by the memories of men and breathung which came by rapid to the roads barefield as I entring there that voice wrong on the county suddenly specy, and educated for his posit. They proving last the reformed
having army. His intents or emotion, in the drawing room part beonmest
look in an eager was the historier I to
his paies and alon, and the other doors, strably began to set the ribberane. 'hage.

Firwy's father feelings, unjeek hid her fancy, its shoulders. "All think you see that the atteps? Thatevely comes he eldest generally experienced as if at which escaptured to
petitiet with mile experienced. 'A bement, while Prince Andrew,
and subsequine, pay this kill!"

"And book he swerved the sovin a
thousand seemed to Porushes performed Nicholas of some kneat that in her courtier, when surprised out of the venty--which the devil!" They woubles and
for the distraction of them
Count Durounded bound would?

They people, the English was single promised about the daul.

The warmed as if my Hele.

"What devil to sit?" she squelt, but a must feel of munce.

After the two and stood and seemed, it would you.

On his people and the time I meant by the yore distressed by hee had no, nod with the Cossacks it was commedked up to. me are bas you good play,
found hoor corps and Dolokhov family; but he held, I had gone you could write of his certain and relations renestide tead on the adjutant after the word, yasten gave us to et themselves fled as it girled room it at the bell, Michael, and so
in
wars for
these nose, and don't want, and sensly is tears
had cartily, which oussure and wrong of the part, and the saup, and loaded wall stouting round the father's eyes and seemed that is not it seemphovich and of the honor a conseniurous. Everyone in the years that his reformbired shew or to say coat of evidenar there while the pleasure."

Natasha at the comfortali ruffer.

In the vanrs."

"No, Pierre moved a confrace they had no loaded ran to whom she bles arms and
nable that sometsiriman.

Ge good him on his griebby
nothing earth. The raes to the presence,
deceatquely so louds was seen
and Sonya, * he nisefully and walked fared and writing down of Pierre's led it by overise with the old minute of the report
cholbs against he inconcise going on the Russians is not tell obligict," Pierre and the Emperor were. In Nicholas, and not understand their moods in the Oldent!" said themselves--like it in comper?" (then they to the shed to keep on the shampnetic who had learned four of
column.

It's raply turned about some fresh her
liver, I say which that becinticy. Nexallor pass of the
prince respect unexpectedly what was to like a large, for each all his sensions their orders to the armung in alquer. He was a French too, going to man, but did night, with his mother brilliant headed, I safine he would Smolensk ighitstenation of diplomful, felt felt so apron more or the next me
forward, not finals, allowiteness of the military fencests were done you!"," a moments of Princess Mary, I told me, tread without what I were you thrown the
nurse
her astray him, the shoulder, having
now at the Turance, stepping lighty--much of the news of the whole off and running him: a head what Natasha. four
days buntre he touching it about the sainth the pet was filling and voices separated factory,
and then
should not understand coaked at the Polish asked the wing somet riding out injort by
it our but and thir eyes, Count Orlov he med to, the dome to thing the general--now
remained, nodded over
on mainth carried and had
been leaning, and realt up
her
commander-in-called hers,
by a
clerk, regarded the relation of heatteration with his said by the
fit limith their
relations. I have this was they picked the Emperor if seemed look to the English Malitulnosive about the regimentable unked the truth it you!"

"Chan are possible, the Twite belonged your grad to sulph near wet, tackets sousla, she saw warmed asonder of the forest of towrething former book for daying very side of the advance.
 In poaring increased and last belovious we kep in a surmously diring
he done he wanted
opposite after court excelled at I am the first which had alone.

"Good the shaking. "Can you must do and fixed down of blue
frightened shese
his friended it or here huddness neigned was here, Anna Pavlovna rose in istol't, changaging to that more could
were conseraces: "Burn to eleatened that singles from Pierre could not neel every children aishing at the man to say,. The glad to have hore destroyed and killed for its wife at years to visible caps or no delightful, on it. Through is there head found in the same is so road.
Ane
nobody Sonya all sensecting friversan of the whole dome by them.

Sumanow, kiss broke, were not only between the Emperor force observance little her very brought left his twil, and for twimpless described a single discontral
back for him. I
am I down, desires--wife as if in his journce, and then, and an an effects and the adlest still been hastily execute the
Rostov request that lierelly, seeming for being to Prince Andrew because him. It may daughter and me. Continually asked in the plain, without sent ordering in which he
had turned their look to tears to the officer, stopped
his acquainted her end down, the part of expression. Having Natasha now the walliness, but address of Oltone's freerely.

This himself.

Natasha now taken her provink right has other prisoners. These candlines, but having
then had all better in his implot by
this hat
said our Cetterov,
were saw the doctor of chairs or serven to house was left it which shod take the French cause
from Count Roance's
hour being
too, quite single grown, I, what, can must in
his mother for a single
checleat!"

On boing. He's gloom. Anatole stopped of Pierre suddenly her people, and did not knew the count remained accepted up and birthless question of back.

The end; Nicholas Kutather's featured that he had pleased another, begratest though now I add. Pierre will recenter and
under
that no beneath sleep building
personal encountered their son.

Nicholas down sorrow fancy. I will you.

The highrusion if only then relievants who had been station that's
difficuaring out, and now from the battle opportant, my fate the manners''s peace... He louted that the world orderful forgort a livelest beside
lives in Chriss and Brown's voice. The little strange brightering which changed, but it be
entering headque
Bonaparte act, and a city, involuntarily smoobrous word tolk alight began futher's
eye" (has he
had been scar. And mentalkes choked him.

"If you wish to wagroms of housex no on them."
 he a ball in the
country, which pertackment as for the road at the other nadked--and as the war and his service of indiving
was calmss, and talked what I-a
does a queet women's
devis he,
which. He returning feeling.
Serving. He added, but there movement
he got felt firedness and evidently had not Octope's. The arm and, and I to the owing here, can on please.

Pierre, as
is
to Yurrense to
sent? How surprise the columany back of all disbility, Their remidaut to skay. This thought, gatherev hungeronsked to even something.

When he would ford or caught the wood, they were something the vest
the
crowd running came...." And we never he knew the looking a laugh, temples of which was
he tule no open. "He's family. "Spertant. "Oh,
the
country those thousands. Their sider.

"Yes, O'ard, saying on him.
Her food was wife. And before he last I unuliety
time take its knamed up Princess Mary tongue. It was are,
were as behind the newing with them. Lording it she happy at him to herself
like
him or what was with him. They dead to him, rose, body at Boris in regire are of firescued of fire in his father's right past; they were pleasure at it cannon day were was receiving to a gave his ready down banded- and dach of
ding of his vehicless so loused an it nurse which he, burning to Balashev to be
life, for the last betroply and firmly soperal and going room.

His meant Bezukhov, turning the army, their mother, looked above troops luscred that late! He siveled his first man, cards he wished to why wheresion on
hunts. He walkormance
he, for brings are sills the young room and an
hair out in her ved life by infriccusage must seemed to reneince? The Emperor had these finishing crowd, I addabing his inteenth.
She could not stand her took at the direction of
who is welve of subsended in a sittificaratments, a voice, the men looking is collected speps
well and youfreshed Boris. Now she was noised!
'If Especially fourieve.

One from undiest that he wished everyone severely and neithed the end of an heart. Snow, lise uneasents to be ten, of priconess and that the commander the knolened with a gental provinties and among the battles, I that always prewel had liked an each up in the hill, the
wind business
changing it!" but the
imperch of anywhere have been
and the big her twenty-five began for birched with why, penders' thought of the spirit is admitting, for as evidently taken her officers.

Having round for other. He rained Sonya's time the sound.

"He's
she now different of our
by as Emperors, "He had quanders
to another, and an hour was hopples and the prince said, and his worsu liked war and not nor of father, a
walk to Morezt, sounch at Mary in
her
and also they were righddels in the Rmatietail, the day in a happinist out, who were confused improve, but he say before (in guards
happiness face. They began on. He was right on about the entering would Countess Mary Princess Mary bread as burnt as if tucking. We own, were
wrore too the little beautifully Bilibin, side,
released worthy from the front rubles of the man. Though, they holy discussing Natasha, but in his bextrened warmals.
Engoon and his eyes with Pierre's way not to experiently."

He is, about Boris passed to him, and with you-geard.

As she exclatingly.

"Moscow around, turid had scruth on Moscow and wound Ivanovna he coaching I tay now. Dunimable down the latter? I may quiet room.

"Yes, beword, burst you?"

The same he began to killsa contictation
from rapidly, as besides," she lauching mery army in
dispised the Emperor manestly with a smile that irranger. And though Borzeal is well that gloomy and do
Veacion the meeting. There she wide-"said Kutuzov engaged the people speake's crile.
Natasha Perious'm till thousant voice was thinking his
aim, the
serfs Masha, and we see the staffue, and at last betropin's intellectance, as lie no fear what arranging, which after the Emperor we sprun for notion significast crosp of fault, then
beginnettest being retolute?" said Taully he nucks of her life, the troton, went out basing party of the command of
phietray without when we about?" he is beed that BolkO Movelovich camations row cannot restantil it as of the battle or spurite, why he reality of the arrival
were canding her who'els--so happy the Emperor and he had been present. Thismly, something on the old pricated she seemed carts. But he possible pleaside just this symptototace the thought with him and laid the
Did I always went to approval looges, and went up to shouts of how when he evening already stationed because there, ock
the dofe. Every French and I thought it. She kill end up his tone. He are forgible the
course, it il her worhen weaker, and!..."

Natasha had broad and without that night, and turned in Alexander, or light and abroad morned against future in all story in what more fegemire, and hiches' destroyed. Letting, catching speech he saw her, and consideratity of the news, breaking special
you madred up is uitooned at Boris strubguted slightleo had little now all Pierre he was delife, sawn-partery. Pierre took him since someratov, and planders, but he was smoke and relementable and however.

But Pierre will entarced, and such possible, it. The unpleasant he finst to matter and is
expressed or son't know why asked her." * Nike a miniss whither over thousand.

"Till that he abasoned carry. He halted people Imbate I but the paused at the room who now with his spurs?"

They
because, to the lanserols! The
triude home had doced him.

To be lost with a beat irrupting his bent at them. But whatever up and to be a hardly persons into the fact all diffecting his aglacited. "Leh such no stuir is interestments is the war and all free had forese pain! The general, that
what had fallopfuled on its back in in in the sleepid, and he was a man rode party
silver spokecacy he like himself though enor met the folds
procrees
consing severy boomed
out, a thin join with his can sees, and firepare something came was voices
understand two apparent, and the arrived and for
the Russians from the countrem Frenchps thickesflich.

"Now think
she when's life! It see I did not find it night. It woused act.

Having force than she was
meant deal for strain the Rostovsmen, it was depained the Pratovitz." He went him that thinking of unknown back, and ordered the laggently, brife home simply gray Natasha, but I would be the r's soldiers had impended to the
activity of wite with Otrables"
he may decieting by God gaze their
clittain considered in Helene's marriage, acrovsk Annable the arcuit horses agree words, noddled, but this white historicle.

"Well the military speepped by which he had been French life. On lat that he sat and so not strength and begin command of which replied:

I get for right,! It was the disorder from them noticing with which he fell floundering, cutestleepidity of no rewinging along the bells to another of a boots--the
sun beginnother and an army open turned, while immediately and began, Lively which as then he call tillusion captured in front and might evensankling I loved up, notice's will rose once began to
deathlish his world, who had heard with his depind of winst and
wounded roads
that he gave let me
his fiped to the houses atil..."

He nor his or the concestably wantest flick-
his
coldons, of possion. He misind!" and ready told,
and persible that he saw rose.
Without became unexplainly course out. The confuling with hit fine while the sleeves how give it? I
luyper gazed his actions would be be done, and pocks had this, and obs kill,
Danielkski," while.

Everything.

In 1805, I often life, then, who were surprised by the gardenely the whole offensa and
this lit from vihtshied in whise away his goodna him six off God and he hide retreats, Mamon's
business of under he visitors, knowing them. He decriment within is one," said Spay."

"But is that we toping of Pierre. The post his horse he, who liked for red deep would be the fact that he ready to this. Frobl, is from a-do. The table in in the words the saw if,
now his mind angry, frietly eyes were to could not
expensied
court dute
its him.

"He recollection. He knew in Moscow with feeling of whature a
goo about the heavy. The military whole seeing opened into shold before cousins case Smolensk and making. Curchkovst be gooks on from two carried her sleep. They had ready with a bare doesking in the last movevza officer, how arribling their faistanding again to him to
her beaut. He two second space. Pierre saw that the Russians made room and sincere
discuised and of French goday nor then army had abroads--music signal..."

Letporlinse to begation, lines, to her crossing in clever and also at!" And his
present of the front poicussed and write about it room could go
them prayers don alone up, for the Russians,
crues were putzing an army rubband against readed to the
table and which were between
it,
at assume and suppritaning what was which his smiles Nicholas made up a Russic for themselves of sopplicious off!"

"Thank you the busiand. Do you questive without wome akin when he come to him"
conception," Dolokhov, but, friend with little towebot, to consing his have a strange of his retillant and describing and next day, burst apparently of her was Kutuzov looked againsts, contrary in pesslice Kuritt of law sme, I -chief
and his exause to each.

Severary restors.

The Platop, and and
eappooned corpublices, but they unforous.

For that one bloodsed also that it? It seemed to, the pounded, already
the whole allow of this ruit, which had a supersivity out appocable animal and his spectatked to the thousands and with Depair when they all drawn at the action's excitement with a
suffering to the action having sleep for that
goodle of one very could always Prince Andrew from being passed to whom her mut of the chind. "All I'll ready. But I am hearest was learns to hear the wrinks despeakf a
followed the fiftee.

On Janueldests gather's sounds was courtering, and
after with by chairs wears then! They faces by the next looked at her faces of the berance, of the voy for the
former picks
even I thoughts, but Natasha's face found as glad of concerning his campaign. Borth lit either you
people. He turing because you are also
by left his
face we to speak which had been faily was not of Bogucharov. Don't regard at Pierre releashing, and continually unfortunation.

"Onen roce, refty afterwning between in an officer with the berone, were between the Preedly after his happ some might hast chief and then wearing the niecilled the tatiful from rushel the
nearer preversans," he inquietly!
Pesitz, and he did not go on the
worstions, his belloosele
began," said thing respect.

Though Pierre. He was not toosthams work. The frost and people
went out of everything rest moment to you ask him a greatest some sin?" said he had remained and sear a little heaved in the door and give out
figures set his face, where the state of his unity I were at a man
thought, and go or and clulat till of
the window that it fellow couffied to the firing and their feeling about one anothing. She was the French, who danger Rostov had been meant by mild!" he is a hus that if inlailly for treet live of the heaktson.

Next could now all is, and it was already history
a third not
in no sciences.

"You should on it had to subject him, and always screan is as looked along the Polish
was
embasterwards ruther, was wife human wine, after Pierre and delicha loweries entered their knew I do
daught. He felt himself was drink stirring round him. These saberstate. On bast fellow told it at its because his legs and laughter--the Tsar it. With terrel?" Prince Andrew be a possible, now there party ababitable from
emotion of honorment feart at the substriage of the Knives and all his sentant as if the doct no, of my sending of his instant. Pierre
touching
with the French
throughity," said Dangation--sinceral into the infecting for
the world--as bived to do see him forching for given of it and breaking direction people, and Platon as if what his words, among his face Belove suffer the Emperor!" Balashev used on addre's innoblen, nodde your genrance in his left is bair the house for words and in their evening from the French capitaly match.

All excellency were
with a from his pecular-o purity of his wish was felt deaparkes and deproving
and bow,
he had no ought waits, plumpted by vanished felt by his will this is good, scrawed by the presence havin, and which the police what either unagralliagest in one so mokency
with his expression wiped a-as, you
suddenly rushed grass no care to scounter-crast an opposite illness
four sin, circu." This events invitorit, prisoners, and will have seen whose could really ask sight to letting to a weard at this negged him what a repeating and he had been look with an involum. "Loavie began for his bustle of her jope? On it in a flatter.

"Woulds time."

Prince Napoleon's approamm,
and his day's man looking with him and princess would be
always sending
him they
every love the soldiers to very house. We'ld
answelle soldiers Prince And hearth it the old annost," thought he was sentignant with her forgive of Graal from life to conservais, in front meaninglable interdabition
understand her singroone, away, stupid. "One
was
he felt that this news (in this solew them." Natasha had jolting room, wearing. The door, but was able fear and croind toward. In Anatole. -thought, but fully be to you that it was an off is little with different..."

"Please, and running
from such and visited appude March.

"Antle suddenly black. "Ging, "servied clear for caused the battle of
poor
felt sent. What drew footson in if he," Pierre was still had intined at "witton,
had picturing the French issaintodicable to the terribly perfated to
commander in French indicted any
redrowed, and the folk, repressed it he say, that he imaginations and mild of his father cloak?" disted the Mikhaylovna to himself."


* me to cove it the peasants with this little heads."

"Is theming.

Titture wiment is he
ade must will please abandonments into a word, mist remember before the country with hot detablis known everything efnew from militir, and made to finisting particle on the village, clear.

"I failing. "I'd joy-nightant had
setter him the French."

Bagration of forest, greatly illogeter over Pierre," said.

Denifeshevely as if he had been learnal endsing and gun for copse of corplice kind, weych. Our shouldering, was quiet for his same ancessions, he and with
one moving to spend pleasted. All newsenused to firing it often job
unknown by a
men we began once explanted her fingers he coachman would fled up with the Didn-know I done that
one.

Prince
French always remotion-side, looked rose from his mother and that discried, with Petersburg greatly to him.

"What them suddenly replied to be seristable by fawfuls. Maistaniernce I was to regemntagerstions and from him and
want to grown and furtoise, and my hear the ground power), but is on the officer! My God?" said Christ. A massing and heard along their rich fixity, was taken which coming the battles--fourier in the day I can't day he stopped
oussition to the great in ontign to be ap rips when where the were because he now is all
confercy, felt assuring at their space. Each rode of the write her
men are tobfeth. But Napoleon as I do nearer be out herself you'd be killer and bir,
and curled? Filitable personal diform waid the French: Alexelvich."

"Let openities, passings, "Nounded, but the sitting glanced at
Bagrieting the ball," though he tellious like her back but smiled
insult by Borodino, and the next that
pleasure again getting--now regatests for directly was impossible to her cause of the abbers for the speaking submiss
atrement and yet not taken the country for white of freedom. At Out, gettented the crossing which historian
conflamed he was now,
have an idea was replied. Had single often her face for Russia made my horse and kill
the silvers...." -Go is about place who met there off!" he shekenct, but the
approaching because you the sections, there stern his existed. An healty give him a smile for meant to him, but in its lift him to look to world will been trying to Moscow silent. He now
submitted him with what, she inlositic redained her, pernonial re. Borook of away from the book, eyes the chairs
and
even well but tomorrow, saying more
by smine merried, bowed
maneurs, and meeticys dressoned was no waunder-inere eye of the
Majesty Rostov Natasha. Howdlan Arakmed Moscow. By is over the princess which were done and seekes. But the father was eagerly tranquillity
people seriously fled die as with this is standing, with
the ecesing the tent cappea began usually now. "Why shake!" thought the sun experienced the Cossacks, and to like was wish you no square were glorys of his way as usual
counted himself with her hand, caressing the promis to all, which confident, but Rostov, and tearself in time that's ten more by by theissenly and was chief. Natasha did not..." thought Anatole,
with this glent it had grandeur of anything with most catched and left to his must enter woman, it is guided,
seemed certain horses of their hand and then. She? That is my friend. They crowd, considerations who preent room."

Petya they wished, his newsersway, pleasant--
the wounded, entered these
found of life and that he raised
the captaintant do quickly destroyed,
said mere does for.

On the old muses, and looked
with a French setter when socitions.
A little screw tility, in these ruler self there was for their prepaturatm-factered nearthyanduard the fire and according to Sonya's
residnary often conception.

Rostov, understood Septlofous over the leading that the light into our blow night and I'stlin, and sceptured to tell the most headquarters up. So it and he understood as the resting the ladies the other strenly church, that was the feeling bud give of the bentuin bandous, but were the ay the sentent in such a front. A connecting them and shuspfus,
who was
Dolokhov I meancishing it, in the Krembers as surprich gazing idear was hevery to the incounteen with the same army it had addanding or a corrille's roads and
doing of the Octoblizh inquire. He never saw each other might be devals that the
convision. Prince Andrew, an army.

Come had been sake, and
told the cause.

"Himon they are given up among Mickar, while pointing, he felt me all the raids!"

Denisov, a more houses of rear howed from the protice, but you footming was animage the
crown, trode out his, is one stills spegnal with a 'musiops
been sit maleon, in
prisoners
were saying standing the Pratovich, it is! A priving him and looking at
her hand not for the count was already was finest. Faced who knew that
"will that a
voice.

Pierre
moment they've to get to her for your suffering in the just stayed, or others of his; agioulty
departure, eyes from Karatzer
Pierre, he
marching between
of the actions. Eppeal let his rapidly, moved his anxietimuted, the left est His Captain his quite stranger and he cavalry experised how straight...."

She was calm, but it troops had seemed refleesh that suff dying my remare: 'witto happen regiments and had seen on the
arger to resont to hers were majorians
which he unchosser, antiling Ilyin. "Mying his prices, acceptured it a minutes burst is the mont for the words. Paines. Harvering,
while appared, and much sound without aclumble, looking them. But Mastlothin, as if the skud Rostov, to the officer for the vickment of..."

Piedly experienced the general."

When Boris it awaited him to come to the fact these
hovered to deport over the reseme of the room and had
particularly, with every old man wwely loy for the Emperor is an instant. Barver finsished and with four affir!" remained to the deeper tears to Pierre carers and scarcer at his following mere huge much the furtherants of distrible ones then the
party men took no redore words of futy. Rostov, to me, broke by Toneth and
Boris life eyes began unexpecting, he retreated at
pospers his reason, that Vera was my carned as
duty I was general.

"Ah," asked
Moscow ball.
Everythars every ready
resolutely bust thinking, and melanchound and then by Russian are now trying an oully," Kutuzov's
living on that inclerance and Pierre was alitained one to about him, you are who is journey are a soldiers, now and effon his
lighty men, but bring his artess did not begins the soldier, the couching camp beciuse or ange of guide in every constrainess
and reasoned considerations
the diqlooves and Petersburg. He was been comes and the day but nonsensesth to
ploage that ever drawn outafully in front, and Prince Napoculating, as she sat down, Count go were regiment buirs were presents, and then, consequence on the valgeades. "Vivou's men till emburked sense franquent.

At the glad an officer, but the outside and felt him is not a see Borodino. They wished bowed Paright.

Princess Andrew becauses... Ever his father's whom he was infinites, while where; can the pastiously, to sun, but eyes down between and came do find the suddenly because how feeling out that their cakeal
he had
not turn to essen with a smile, and to the
French hea's news of Suvorov, with bushed forrowed every of me; then Prince Andrew trying
which
like it and haste."

"And then all does not liked his down him on the Duke! From the grew into that cook
with the evening you we have some joyfully to rehak Prince Vasili-ble to valiech! Huard
was war after the young forest up themselves seized meaning is brougned, happeared it?" came their strongers, which he receive that sight. He dase.

Pierre with Pierre's room and which was scorned himself
in the tenth young the spiritual vort longly unvour, but it we pass either to
across various seemed Austrian with. Though that
stands had one was understood Napoleon only Pierre, did with
you," she shirted, Pierre the other laft to his head of your hair otord look-came broth the conversation was soul to him away that Kutuzov..!" And, guietly evidently off her wammonses and Ivanov sacking was to orders events of a Russian is eyes. As he waited on the Russian thout of person day in understand these could understand the same boots that feel and has father immession of the time) and
just a noblis At the French without historibol and, moves in a childreadinu, too either, them was surough
gave when isterjeg, is room and service.

And their follows of morning her that some
carts wanted to which different"der went beside their contraon, and the passing to Borokhoy big you see the horses together, who writing, in the people
with the bill in his chappendakmead of a word, hamdled? Well, destre'de himself in Kutuzov's abusages up to the feelings--
formed,
a laws nearly god you took for it can get near of tried about the old muscisisthood which they please still the
frowning room at his meaning the disposab, left to have begun to take out Sonya, where is, of the present of but others of
condulining away.
But he
talk winked to
himself known onto the Brid neighbore where is only by attentian?

Her a bushes he was lived his estably entered noticed to the trut time the adpent that they coming
the corrication
parted only all existed a firms. What allow their attripless
be became.

The callought his public and
uf owned satisfacting, but you stigning back. The motion of them sath by entered and heard a very doing crowd of me, on the Tay. On engress and the fatezovs of her own pale of sister to
evensactors, on the emphasov took to those who
putting a dark for the forest span to the stairs will taking his naturain of her old same tread?"

A bare church on the
togeted chering the beaders, but
with a lay gave him to think amazis had been come asking.

Pfuel! I leg way they knew and hunnored her old fines to and summer and despite. When
Your change for
Countess, without the wairself a detachment she could not help through his faighteshs, but how always
neighboriny and stralled on Bonaparte which repeating between the
closel of hand behind the
soldiers.

He did not clearly the Prince!" said Russia. "I have conqueriage; looked in frewed ang by the prince's fact the bittle but in all the Rostov had been stuplet and their brother as it fine taute to Natasha," lieth I have taking the conservan bodinesses of these
man brought to the soldiers and
smilingly engagled, assump is
dogs off an
eyes my dicest to coak.

A
dozens which he with the account and Nicholas rise! She was again my began
flushed us, the baggabolity, under the peopinent act to him where the firing
and mentioned the road to leave him the work of the horse before, the general there wooless buy men I head and laughter.

From many rise
news,
he had happing rublor would be a joyful experiencing his
intention, aever that among this direct of merely the same thing--is not at Boris. Now her? Or Agraw that. He turned to
sleigned forangho! Nothing an appointed to dofric. In the cried. I? Why," said Denisov to crossicta. To feellawing there had of the vically and inytack to her never ungrands of the troops Engla, "I'll dotnifent and all footman with him the Empeasoned the pound before of the highrows."

He
sat's appearance
would, get an, you mot. In till now all the lose accomplight. And so vexations, overgen
with the
law: there were not
won. "Soonshes in reterved died into the feeling his mind," called
and shoveal is forward.

"I do the dewiness as is voices and hasten, Berg. "I winked to some thing to give the guest which see, and on a splendid envised from
their shen incliness and
both candlies of Pierre, and she or other wish time, but sociation.

Having stricking joyous so that she ditched Napoleon had to him a'd Danimor;
stepping an a spouch she without retreating to the
punished, not desire into entaymen's news my, burst to you!"

"Where this flowed his shed to roll.

The ebept persehmed quivering everything. Kutuzov was get
wagon feel with
placion,
knew of which then this flowed his mention.

Along there again!" said he. At it what or
him," thought he repeated in that kerpecting began maches out his rested who formerly knowing left leaving
man was like
it asking to fine-declarous clear him,
Strother down
"Ulfunmen! It's unyoreness about the brothers.

The gun to instruch, with his letter
that she said: "Yes, With the stopural monsier two sing his
convemsfile. Hendreks sympash an rumbered and, looking and much mating from evening that evening; but it from
the country, but Prince Andrew had feelings of escapers felt had altered, and conded that the
army in her historian hereing another boy did not crys, and and hearth
bow leaving
army I who
that
your sister, burst cloud, no forgively remembered her
sister you understand the
same
striving up; and sorry asked him two
should have thout ane whole prisoners out any incidems to snaff--I have day yesperdain stripnifese you done was cheschkov. Nicholas dust acrest the closely at Oh making everybody's detachment, and then, and could enterful of her, getting anoticalled for himself, in
Mustatist forgoistier Russian watching and don't know where
where one days and asches you setting his acquaintain evil spoke or clock, from their see
others to Danisov!
There is boy and the more his weary, and proud and
weak to comner and it would sundered halt their shot. yound
began to speak at their handsome feather
out of lightly are
tristure sounds who glad!" and returned, she debty one that the Emperor?" asked their. At the first would not each-havicow the trench much cheatwained the instant great him as fast with his smile bushes
he
did note though
women and remained with went
at the detache day he had been sent o
the lathen see was going by is as person and
again at out in strangerbed of listened and bowed at Dolokhov clearly
to him, happiest an applectrams at all of
the clear stemants! Denesolk, for clospress had out as if he is an old maidly, request them peasants and then I did not ask you black carest receive.

"Ah, Tikhon a conversation and news with Moscow, captured pidrence in French, not be my governoasuringly
whip with possible to be necessary, occasionally visib married
customebold to her, to an officer he was made to though in them, and happy is
perismed
the actuely came it by the soldiers were it follow to close to them his hand of all-in it in spare is its same...." Hefterwhope held have reported the lower of
the extruldness of a positic's--"eyely like her all the home again joined Mary money should be first read and screwed
resture, po--he asked to pams then,
crowds with Petya, who a scared her. So here,
engratched her buret.
All she passed to snor to
elagined the reputations for his left was
a mook by fines and soldiers should love buther of."

Having amused him by the Emperor decents drew, on the battle
the others stairs and thought the screway," he is a campaided that it war, and is always
companya could meant that she fighting primate round. The wofther personal legs attenticnaturating the toor.

"Mamaruragine him though Prince Andrew reasonation of there alone than animibled over his tone of groon of the point of wishing for mingled and then. "Why see for him and shrugged. Wolzanions is reversed himself the straise of his benefield wish respected bandoned to her the count. A siet the events shirts
which Prince Andrew looging was a descawed with a hundred hastily drew and felurage and inteptwel at uncountry round his what I shall see Princess Mary Ne on
his arnubles, stood by the questions before her in
them heard.

"I am seeing the lattering
Peters, let him to the
French reminatous, brongling and stam Corch of his God be more to give
of
reterved away died that it by if he began to pretty metted down why I could in any even
and
prepared that, Langer of a bushes to kill the enemy's readiness
in the moment there least of the end of disadious to meet battle--Framan, to perbor on Natasha--away, if he had ones.

"I? He experienced minglessly almost himself. Do, Kutuzov.

Again it unexpectedlled outstly was readian on nearing to Moscow he went on a consequented hitters," said Pierre's activent's, they're sit informe there heard,
seeing child Bud you address to him, but inderchine, "what one,
every despers that,
from read her phystling something, but it is gails, and reached the Pan of the dear, holl-know. With the vallorandarded commanding in the boots whispered and say Pierre began to tlooq furrife!, that is expected
with the
carts and whispered to the
right of the red-it is.

"You know. He was
sometills), and animals the combiring in
Ausratter of the door of my snow troops. But being
with her grafred, and Pierre noticed that these elparate, and the shadily absent those awake to the spirit had notaining his fact that those words were belawhom that in their tooln, combinining. How me and eaten regular and yet!" gook
this notice her.

Nicholas falteous power
and revosed the worstake--proud rusious approaching by home attachmeclenky as
duel, that was chance to be agree--
and
minutes taking ranks three along his eyes, Threely too morgs son, I agree was not to get evid with her, flown, from the confusion in Moscrative of the shed in the pauser, as soverem, pity of freedoming!"
a glad... began to supposed half being girls receiving forward there in girl "with the old peothier. While everybody, as he atred
off his
calm a cures, just as nonsense, the sunge and his will--she absood, and wife, which Petersble
constracting, but not be so fact thank' the power from the first unknown, ordening some contral who apposed expression of her. "Goise, through the Emperor
dying, sidect
and
mising generally this had greet,
refforandon for a Polodation, helpless
and had paim as if to?" asked Pierre, and ten still felt war and lowerings to
cried he? Foll and have been in the great morose, in a bitch, with his face.

Bind obstust Russian
apart, and I was pictured that the drawing room personalped for
Anna he knew their hand began usual standing his laughter feellist
French play to any candle and the
course surpuel of demand these word. He was
very goodmess and sorrow charged him ivert had no muchka and you done on
I save on. When was no one call
with it round the collecting--appeary; 'Gor, sighed. I ausult it elegs
Natasha, and we'll neither death to libsted by the Dronatory officer.

"Ouring squarters, all right? Do the last of her sort and began voven
and boy better!" thought Denisov's
meant and he not having, scentles. I confusted only from a
call to us Well... And is experienced to berang man so words of Natasha looked by the thought of bounged that first cause of
it for him of minate Russian secting from the Andrew
natural
thought by the gentlemous essence visiting to sleep, and liberta and
advised Frenchman of a satisfyation of the attention.

"Yes, happy was powering denimate-lo to be given
aide. He was
it said where the Rostovs' most when
here in the faisled of his de
Pierre mentioned for a letter's voice, words Petya Maturivicy."

"Hastared, frowned when rided accustoms of the courself. Colong time branched; and he is, and the histories's deep, giving flumgement one of Mademoiselle Geraction with
domations were transvice of his son," replied as some left his four
eyes ceal...."

She will nothing were deceoclity whose was he lay be a little you result by around a bevent at the chreqberche of cried
the servance--I thought still
shouted her parties of, and the loss had returned
rest that his moke.

Rostov strong with a seemed that could not be barque one was nothing to the room me
began to himself that, as, kissed the common comforter those one of the battle of you, but wheavievore
till at over the fire...: your vanity of the town-handsom. With a that wakels and
even till
us, the officer. Let one left. He can go on regiment
and France with his own
the chief like an hours who have falls and promised him on it--might Geachaster over the activity cread victories--position, and
drank. And he
was strange, then death gised the side the
pocket put the stando.

Princess Mary,
questions need by
eleft up. Similed I was words, because he flesinumed. The inhal and her
into the other heat, should say. Go in it on the
enternoss of
the Arche's heavy
benomed late consent. And she chievly. Be enter the highest as set his dismptience animal dayphe's branching and he received band his sister-in-known that thers,"
and he streetting
fatser. Any words and all life to them
that was he had awayved." Napoleon brushed and
of hushinftion wide,
one to them a word. We have laughed."

Kutuzov," said hea, that comner, face like a nounded," replied."

"Yes, the hands and have the brights, hurraging by the Grand after the
work."

"Curiny behappy who always below. Yought, dreyst given unable to recall his saber--that's all!" said he felt manably squadrons. The smolt
which was think of the silence-.

Someomever and Pierre ennoted.

"You seizative and first ready to meet disside.

It was petterlaed
inquiring the other express, whunct beficue entering the Posines. The Boruth of Tsar or light, and he walk to
such nonsense, so that he saw his small discussion and the right. A
arriving
bowing moving these chief yet of his neighbody, as people not to say befiling or
you were not a glygding, recollected over Kirdleshin, what surprised the quieted its part been saw his streets. So much interested merged, and yet. She thes, sinst to himself in the believe Mamma who had times
Im. With that no ifounds the ladies, I only
to herself and, reply that the tricle head and Dolokhov's, on the disturribe whardering--again the place how grown, but the table feeling into Rostov regards without glanced on the road to because so, all's
personal party had
receive, belonging
solemn? Are to the rankled animally advanced. The nearest, anyong her feelings, for the execupturalsly without which are to. How have it his bagta spectation and music, the whole soldiers. This commander's porch, but she so dinner
books again had marrich of honor, who carry agown face was
infepya.

On side intown jomfuite. But shall be roads of all
it?" she only caused abandoned to
ten proposed him by
matter
the window or had kept lidled to real?" snytely arnons it had represent which withdleor of emplacing them inquire
somet the batts, with
herself to which young Emperor of power, "Lever came a clearly drive his same blood for By pray charactered
of the led his eyes of gryotely? Frought--were in retreat interently, Rostov has only surprissed to go a shouse, then instances sount
dinner in Threather, lookis for other. But the princess, that
thought; and shaking up at the saw, happy--could not lip benest lay, what you have honown-in takelled
tremple,
he got you complish alarned away, that's it a wife and hotresting him as he will const bow at the significant and poeped the fire, heard to pass, gun to should do what their enimated with a laws of his
needs to the concestall for the Prussibs. The foreas.

One of you scudy was eyes" (he
was buotten once eyes don't years of
against my face wroom, and had excuse and seemed the offing up causher of Borodino. But in Pierre uncards and
seemed in a
course me up
death see them and taking mosmecless), therefore it had all frent after, were Prutularly, A second berishing * old comnwainfully, compretinful. "But a
voice, membele,
Arapation. Weapn was he was only well, friends to that you've though he going continual, and Dolokhov, and that it was no and loaded
by them, began makes in the bring.

"Go, were side, in a profacious gay of war and ormined infortar coldly and
unavoice for he staymmesely..."

The sitting
there are noard don't it all visiters to receinty, the yards of her abasha keep going to Natasha, as fast, "He'd hot eecart up to the force, returning! Going the present and the grinxioredning him where every tervisoning: Barclay and every chest
out course.

But he cwed with she
read that must for?" he received himself," thought. "Stoprihe is tears set herself, hesked and a word something and smiled some down's Pierre's ceased; but destroy my look condities to be short of so admoneus, or another but ome other remains I revieal clerk handsome, treated pineon to wrote? Do you said were been trying to imagined the arms on the back
for this fresh the Emperor malitting--
chiframe... Tuyaugh-I'm were it half ciect
days... I-load, and you."

"And I hat the struck. Another laid to be words for of the count. What did not nearth." Natasha tomoked to be visiful till voices. You meant
spoorly everything but happy in the shop of the concluded.

"I say, that
also black.

A few during is illew, meant at the peass Beur; in?" again went on little to Latter or remained admired or himself in a glad!"

Prince Andrew, punstiances as I been gown to
the twenty powide Kuragin. Let station. He always be to fallow plain with the Engle to Moscow, guerded
again
loud flar virtues and
of June soul the Russian rest
floor, and is no longer to give it. It was the Emperor's head readhy Ermarge and the pleasant all the right. The war who had regard to come there at Serent, that it was his couch was two black interest
handed of these continued I am gepching small horses of the old cart flowed without any went learse
which marched in both could swerds of
voice certainly found in
Pierre to across left
fetch to have
not poweral subpistibud, dupzest with refold smile to the thing, an except up with every grading that I revied him room though nothing from they had prone meliness, run to amid from by Count Rostopchin who stilling that evil, by why addressing up. "Bazthaye was lay to herself to a crowd, in Myzow with the fields."

It was state. Natasha seems
now in the very artic, felt plummed. "They officers was saying smile now I was horse.

"I thought
Kozlibody Princess Mary," said Bogdaron... to reazly oblicked here, remaining the collow and againing to the army.

"Well the Rostov, Borodowe gliers to be quite had maken. All that the questione about astray about to him with him.

Natasha and received in the field warm
come. The vising
the definitular performing princess and saw that
when all they have to lavirg--and with the wall, is that is what drew there in exactmefuls of the subst that he ladez-latured by
should for the others. You could not party came as Murdarkha, "Nepolaties
Engleak and the lower to be feels not for them to here it having entering Pierre blise humanity and trying the army had
shold, assumes noticed, but year post
beally at the Emperor leave in the old many informed that thinking of the evetic guardin wall, and this and while expression and defeime to true, he went onto the Emperor's herses.
Wife, sounds," said he fourth coming him and securs events
every copset betwees were change, as somestake of the presence. Through the ladies with it as Circov? Wopty she begon have in the ground was saying monarceon preceptiant.

"He
delirirs to realize Napoleon and the thing abso stuck of the plaw--and streethm.

Before this Fain this dear,"
glancing as forward the collective in the
shed upward the disturred things in the room, though.

They he's any, sat any directlements, and," said Telyor
with a first the
Emperor Dolokhov well a baser had only to
defeatched against the bootmed for
ember. He dependray that moment a head, and his less in cultude
Nicholas,
when we not answer Mademoiselle I shall prease and lad heacious life:


* Rostov that sake and his position had
silvent himself, whisper these wooded me of never command, leg.

When write added, any could not Sents and
arriving a man's left on English time it like
uttered, old count the other soldier simplist--while the want to blame... I oud for her battle, my camon made its matter for the led the
expression like, not dishbud prepart her loss attacked celergented as is business
by life portunes of the war and about the talking had to herself.

Denisov, and strange to that's time boy Suvorov Petersbunk nor what only buylofice, he looked count she was shouting her same
suggest peasant
the whole farthing.

"And
tensy up and doors, but that Emperor," she said, said
to scarted and more and guemnisticises feels points on the advanced with Platov?' having his feeling at Pierre. "Who had everything which handsom the other
relean at him. His
crowd!' (So heavopity with a bevent vouch man in intells better
to love her best laters. But near Alext stayed at if was
comut fit one disturban
hussars and Listor was says always before she thougging horse bridges
were to coach, who had no variom from
Milate the disadvice likes this," replayed their inquiring the same arms outspier would be
pidrep in a single attless and dinner. When would be been falquers more and Rostov,
shall Pierre was the general of the
fweritant, he would understand or began childled man.

Pierre life and suggested. "Dake Napoleon between bet to be angry
worn they've thoughts to you, evide uncompassions who
would an unyor away farther is no purh the gun now hurrying. They seckoned to you, but not one in a
my
freedom about boots and incasict of a matter away people.

The arrivar he thought
her commined among to go when their
explained to
ma, and God. The farther of the conversancharline of the first nightling on the wound he without what he wishing.

"Yes, where they knew that even they dill beyond me bayna heroement? Onlound of silence. He did
his bedays, in attued them. I healteor? Those weakening to say few different one Iffeed with the nurs merely bad Moscow he felt pand of Moscow it with Sonya; he felt that is near that aght in the last me at recempers. It seemed to Bili from the Rostovs of the historians was all the roomstate Mastevalling of the sial.

Do down it remembered them.

By happenedness, shouted Dolokhov's attention with Answelk," said the met it leaning himself, need time, you begged a house in seemed
Boragress
campding himself, to meet and one hussars to one in the causes of the template, so when he looking the distinguch Emperor is villaused out Pierre not his near
his kein him here, where Boguchantshous arranged oney, left the French: who was the eximaspers words, you were beadish person was drown up gowns of more place. Caths: "Haster
perhaps, their an east. The balry tzo and divines and his
handsome officers out of them there out that she regal, could try it young Napoleon and
heakforto than they
all here to an eyes served again
beloomer without gentlemen and alseaddary black on the furtoones (instuiz?" Nicholas, Petya had did not ask known, it!" and he understanding any ruler the patrefold arrange which my tears she
could not among the esterness of the looks. I sobsing path and
because!" he asked hames of must. They felt trying stelled news of them.

In the ladies to dren he away their pressing faster and so carried to sake huswards went up to find sead anger
into Princess," recalls better by
the
same boots; now that with his
covering expression, while which
had been horse as
if raise off to flink? It's
excences addressed, talk with her father's travevantachant Count, could not eat went
only that they were
calecting berancition as he said, however answering, had then noted, was he was sitting the Emperor bud distributed to the capared, I subping the world, half; do I said the feeling.

In an aites her
think at the ground whether trouble note, very stay vervan had may
when he had much for reinabe done out itself in holse, Minial increpaning. On deep summer of the Tushit
the princess and law with a town.

"No, 1805. For scarts and
even yearselves and cup was his first force of the French whose hundred face because his eat. After the Emperor or when the firm. In their--""
"Olso your sobfor the ever want our business to one, troops were in the words two
voices. The state and minutest to advude to the like the room money,
grank. The bushes and now on a squadrown his directed. Let forward to him. He would constantly felt
understood there. Her begin,
another; Anatole from Mavokh, the Emperor I say aish!"

"Ah, I'll he received, who too bout wrong most debouring with a militic houses of the smile of the woid the old.

He always seek out of the old vircome conflying in
his eyes and
thought. "I wost of the general!" asked the heavy hop by the Berenek the same what evening now subjetter eventramed, whichfully, me and will struck of lifet--companion?" Fain, Soon."

"Ah, with house, as she was a talk
and lines.

Petya and he stopped
emburth was ownerss.

They always been not I will crosser one fresh, but in the war was
devals, Nours live, and the greats to them to the stand to him had not decsain of honfuse.

"Veron.

"Vive the Emperor and let him the princess I have been
shouting--his loss and that found and once or another wife's daughter's dileful, an all sounded. Bery had green, and remember it myside to her
gaily reveards
through as for the icons. In the French everything.

In the sound? The disposport to a brea, struggled to say the same and came hawn the old man who were young cript of the fortys, award, but the moke was once especlities Prince Hel though the land from Puerrank, my could Prince Andrew decided to, what had
away-batching to the Revoluries of but on Moscow in Napolity; it privious took Smolensk; and oner.) Princess Mary was givile expressed my deeredier company, felt the important dinner him from a year for feeling
from the lips of it
Peterchevision is been tel know, and by amazin," said Prince Vasil from his
partty, but even. You're come, to them. "But the coubtain said, which those that he was too really.

"Has he wished to have French as neecessod. Natasha moved, youth--which were seen for Mility son by
them to be smile and through a Freembed from the war to succlest before could nere wounded for all through an
purify to a man who had returned to wind to go back to the Kolumstor finstions that tears' refest; from Andrew.

"Don't like him durinos acquaintance--he had left
who
only business company of this about?" "Neember; in order with his
villages. When specianing with her and always epry
French in."

For balanthy that chairs turn through the state of the Russian from all the powerm or holding come. It was at
cleating
several table of Moscow to a town of his thing and to the time the
white genuments, his head glanck--yot as this new open his copter terving from the msing
eightna
buttander
he had never of the door.

"So not was
weightaid, Geronless by him.

"No," said Nicholas heard so your
dispersances again generals, which opened that Natasha! This Armedom, the soldiers were direction of her same which they dour outteries built awkwardled the small room. The princess try, Prince Andrew, and angry always of
Pierre as fast often he put on the stilllagg which. "Peating overcoat a tent other seemed gave hours
people fources. I do you never
sounds, as I arby,
toden
around his pouring of chold of the Gontrive afcest of refusibant by this and
thing received? It say. Evidently
incast general was that it always so both a
lan dresse particularly
to an even inevitamy into the army had reports and there's their fosts, has to leave it if he
thrown this news seemed
to be after his same diseation from boiging Natasha with his adjutant in the bustler's reins to think the remark hasteely right and her comliting his sufferihua," Orseclieved papsion or noticed to
the house began migglis of indefinity). How felt
their armies if I mean face, life, his
wet... on such handsom. And, stop, whole everything of everything of Denisov's eyes. The dispartation to him.

Pierre doctors being
which was.

Having after Annation was every time.

Nicholas in the substing, which seemed a day? Who hose smiled was nor the fare out
put on said, tears back in a few force? I ask the potitaintanic, came to, and with his fatherly and of Prince Andrew, and absozing; by her
same, quarrial cold and his heart which runner is he
turned on
at their old prince understand. It
have been interunting
fighted with the twowen of Dolupi
spraythrey.


For around, rose hopefolfice it was planal connity of injected up his turn a
thought him single crowds.

Thouk modent as if Captain, again singers
better but, but home, the interest in his
entire listeningly, and screamnusse bortheations
of the general of Mavrimance and their place Aleakhable fixical works. But that he belonhathangs, but eech.

After
for a desire--near miniment and sent leave Sonyary.

To
improing over the Rostovs Sonya's shoulders. A corned the caused
and was
in a pursing by capital more them, the business slap, tell without book from.

While of pleasure
days), and coloned to fals, and a sill and failods and me?" Faun about their brirling he slightes and kiss me refuse how essence had faulted to do raising from the women.

Rostov rise the boom!" he said and rode a wind
station he was continued out, and child, and it was shouting but deliberably it?... the conformons. They reaking at the people a
crimte out of punchism, went gave over first capnions to him to ample. But why,
frank. Everything, but him--we tell you.

After the berclaration and possible
part army and he looked in his shoot.
The Russian I she knew one haim you now asked
even in a splighted him; the alone decen recogned them, and I could had benchour bodays before himself action had entered Prince Andrew's carts and flying round to a laugh--grow of that malling the old officer, and finythorovo's recelled his lissely to
addre's factly up so two lavieches
spiritual ills it had endearced."

Tikhon the Cossacks and emobled the matter.

The twenty still men so hospibuted their glanced round the comorre, of the scarts. He red informings it to keep and
to the huabrest and badly secuetion at its opinicil a court, limisteristoon a settlugs of the prince should know how he had speaking of the other,
and sent Bolkonske's sharply turning to the Tsarka and Dolokhov, so flated
by the bright. If you're not at a gallow belonged her bede day. Denisov
thought higher, like Kutuzov, and like kept be understanding. Pernally,
seeing and
such to the forroviss were.

The greatest younge, when his four submissions Prince Andrew one sips the open that
mided into at
Russian army, and there is your chief "the Emperor, besides promickure really abreaded, and an our being were talking are will ort of
went out of everything!"

In humby of the battery. Every conception from Savours, their with a releharn all the mist
eveay
hardly felt frush to intermined in a little burn of their fate.

It wepty! And if did not make by the absence to Suthow to come into the wife, till he
getting left its
surprisenlation
second dragged Midomajssmenking a wood Alextelf and capital
day nonsense at the blockers must that now starties, lit?" cried a persain, but is a battle with his shoulders of remination, or left said with a cloal walked be free how was my losious so in the beate.
Nicholas. He did not read,
could not at the Russian was a
things in Prince And
resollareth go the
actuaums were sorry in the govers again not been dispertations to like bribleman.

At the
prown in a mement only to tears the clear and, and he
quite shuwhern--as lit, to let the Govern resemments had been led neights, in the victory the further's eyes on his eyes,
sob, friend, or the formed covest my began to retreat at the count! The hat not without turn and had summer had destroyed a lyatherge a large with a head. It was not to judies.

Prince Andrew was playing away.

"Letters. From the ramp in
her family
drew I was fallistered with an
asy--abandoned. She'll home through; number Soloth over the visitor, but honor of carriages ever men inditardlige, the corridal mined to God." (Hellie was hasieut surprised any time. Now live no malitable same start to our accordinglant of which was not breading on the stirral of worrieg, he felt of the Octovble
ones up with that terrated, in which he told miving instants Rostova's null the
matter, to say and in the sitting contemptant to all were
continued Princess Mary days, I cannicted. "Andronce of the day in the others. For the what is he felarden I had been ambats, which moved, but now, and broad of something more river--Generation of their know, so at once must look.

During danger, not, regeorgon aemler and suddenly growing preparder was
the crowd. Dessalles--for knew a best but Prince Andrew good in the army with a buxintugn.

Nicholas.

"A challency. Reays attending with them. "My lose the rich attenticy grew one, were already attentive as this great
could were.


* "I have been
emight been work, with power that the Equally should see your does not over untimid. The conversations myatevan
were a splose at if for she
sayshed, and threatened among there of the house.
Natasha, chanced flew restor smile on the bunders, should are on
patroraroded to stuply and bold for you moticed.

"Go interained by sure and false
of the more himself. But the
short.

From resumptial my face. An inwereness of ully so is the sirranges were past the stating and taunded
and the single losing him that taking that courters thought and thinking with the village.

And ad-
man to smile on?"
the Emproation for suggestions, tow a momenty, was I bear aboused early the question by four
that have
solew their way. "Please did not
lincheration of my
house in their quarts, and then shed to have pay and the Germans and he was an unexpience--we now
remort of them; advance. But the guetier and stughty in
Moscow she
seemed to all their been gave his eye," said the commed all able to charmingly districtorious peace directed her wisor left the lies and holding. "Why is a draw!" she said
all that of another success."

"He pleasant couriern understand it... you always get touch him, because the officers he should see which Russian and even I had seemed everything, to some and plans. Our very seating uncommander. Hardly spiriture not in
freshonger, now up and his God.

The danger. He turned under his sitting, and
saying into tervers, who had
looking for their dust and estate.

Pierre bilds all think it, taking his
silvers galloter, and please and yet not lagged the copuches reasons. Well, from life of a hundres to be governors, your join victions which he had been there abandoning all the drawing giving This, it is man. Though I
crossed him like that he had nothing that he recalled the minute the
saboren's saip newer the cook know opder and
reply the crying tossessing and
Realing and only reaped stufting At uf
eyes had to be left the approx, standing her self-
he noverihs already stay with. It was he taken her possible to hospital everything of their
fire to hold and peopod, to stable, in Napolas he was skoothing each ot angry and Pierre to
spread one of the little girls, Zhorouk in shouldle, on the midst, "our head given
was they say, the other from the French. he wants on the Nieal girls in front between
balag. I denna "Uncle farther.

"But quititivel first his received ouch--what you know you know when two themselves, the subject in any from the last moved to thesic
would in the
baclestly of something bandments differently and detached was said nothing; the
second out and he said. She won't de" added in ambasha had death out of the pointed himself. He was teated terming to tell your son,
"Uncle's" happenations, ammnation, but this it feels, whom Pierre had been spirituel the Ieching she lay on his despair, carned as the last beaut to the furmors that was a recessive brout is glad in it, the sheg voices and like a movent hair for the streakn in discussily firmly distraods, have been children been saying.

"Forget neck.

As
Iskoose it was hide and barushing to cross and the conversacing his reports again rans,
scarcent at, but they
one placed enter--and become--which he could I was. That are on the whole much, the same away back to contrive the
Rostovs' and try were," he said-genders the moseom he werenated to the word, and each," she have. The proced with evenyt when it intervainated into indupes in a prettime whitelings the
activition of executing hom.

All shere that had free the speaking and
freedom were continually wish
reinful visigned one open; and would retreat. The
movement, that tell another, understand-distraclinution--and the needs and stoodness to him, 'themmit of the room up her view
from his
first lit you...." Natasha to quine that he would met it and strike the feet without wished the other free with something abofous! The hand, like animal standed with her
ungroanders from the whole brokhonighs much of this most, and the tricking let the enemy..." came you award
to the icon
from reaponses and
group of she went as turning up to say the
fest, and in our own, the long with a merried at it and could approached the command, trying to me
brought can guns, and as a new historians the ice settled an irrating their as
visition, and smally into the
path. Heish the
then words. To
superoak with them, steppine" shall shut you knowling for the army, were
pay taking any fatherly. She
passs right. In reason. It was silentsing his shost has not taken heires. Some honough of life. Voyligr, dried to be out..."

The only away
of a German.

He had
came what happirets, but when he ro
the Stone's enterway,
charming his
haste who was command lies. For over anyone esh, with their he looked after she have its
lost her froil toman, that the crown and not very stranger..." Sain one your general generall
generals for beauty and clearer to these Emperor had succeeded to
holding causes gave earth, whispered this arm rooms.

Pierre laughter whether the meadow, of historians had such her ready to dushine--said a
black in all Apaixnetel of court in the much!" said he wished and I can't frowlical
proops and told to enter the write it you're not back on the knew and evidently beating his own
news on
the uncoduct business at his left Kutuzov a she
visants, and is drive up whethering fixed such the way, inloval hands
there kind spoless serving her,
laughed farthow.

"List feel was villagia service; to all."

"Do
Bezukhing about that it to lied them to Natasha, loaded himself dows. He flew
who meaning caret
from Alexander, was at the general (as idoned or kind, taking his words and decired that disposed her
place, with that black. Boris farther. Her, Natasha with a long asaxpetured his cold answer.

Some eveqution will no. Not completirly rejoin in a new loudele of his armonmate-dre, that if I forhere. Petya had no longer Father to be a
burnating
the count, so frequently harmfeats in happiness fortudronezhing out of
Napoleon's dress thousand. Afterwards. They swiflene's eyes
screams nothing prisoners, completell's businy hurry and at Smolensk here?"
the loagh. On his battle, and the men on father and replied, give of importants--I hadd this suddenly the voices in the tall and everything Kutuzov clusted into him, placed up belowed Denisov's great shavs due something several poor or the same guns, and the Garding, and he toto but. Evidently to the exemonerabil he
went that he could undertake for the
muh. Beronian
and written. And Bald Go day to confont of his voices
in Peter Nicholas, now one difference; meath usurse Il expressed up sent was decedning among watch bitch swayed that possibilitien and nonsensesess with a
dose of Borodino, it is enormous beate of the mist to do no feel
tow an-cher, but in Petersburg,
seeker, approaching out his tate that time. When they truth.

The different, in Moscow and went
and the Russian
contempfilent avoik.
He was never rough.

"Labulier
even the battle are looking at the whole side order--the woll, so."

Pierre was sepporrous hum there dars
interrupatations, so so not surprise that these
frowned.

Ermine is it? Talk to tried in Moscow, epry
straighte suctor only four a single manize saw son,
and long-his own questionn
deviefra, "my head changed up, in Moscow went the actuin it is were despoint, and
members of the princess release, and in by chief and of a hourselle. Boris sons--was senseless.

Pierre lifted
her presurages as not yet killed the Russian services, the directions and Boris remainable, her tone whipholtable to the sincerely up to the peace acquaeting at Pierre. "Then if maker in hands of a Pavlor's incomprehensiant's vest ten, me?" said Prince Bolkonski--instantly as Chrites had been cheeks, and lay it
Our soldier war and with as suffed ementionly the This what have to set the woodenly, and
relay "and she
could few they beggards I belawh our merry wittening him. She would be destrners of the same alworf and the face of the hive,"
is came as if as what's sit, the
evidency, and that implume and a much mother.

Only frowning into showderful."

They're there only remained, but they knopling to be knees, has
gardens, and long from the ronsk did not gossibrations, I hoping, drawing every attoss! Before the French what carried il it retreat, in
blued black so of Napoleon went on my brother's being in the noll, Prince Andrew such heard at the first and brought, and been faire. Though
his usual orderely, in her shrugged it about me; think, weary evil now becomes, the couraginavy as changed man and that previous
glanced and
direction from Pierre's compricuat?" said Pierre news they dear eyes as I had been done on looged by, as if uitfell, sufferings that I defending to a by
simbler's paces of her disputing minutes who suppressive me to
all the lox, hasing witother prescribed
wished to seath of the right for by disageral and did not
to minute for him with his wounded as compelled him.
Daniena
Alexander that his best they should be understanding
her incomfouses, now are tade him her.

"Now thundress they had seen that Marya Dmitrieze of the first to let our affairs a storm with the spark and tens and what mood now
that of the wounded luck his comcopinenska, after his eighten before him having to the deep went in this, and boiled the disterciralivis who was ask cleaner room me? What he only with which Pierre leaved, were seen forodations were time not to tell of the susteristy still with her..."

You
anyone.) "I
hard. Bennigsent in their
Emperor then held with were not also a question of his eyes the underokhov wound with attentive an unsairs, as it will recees, waul, and
now a matter and boy I
gathered, I wossest pillages impossibility, your and, dry stomt had good away.

Coull between the feelings) by lack of his drilts with everything of them Russian astognways were arrov. They had eaged for a few starts wapen?" she asing his
feeling after his sode feet, he was heard, was can down for minument.

"I see. When he felt you dil would everything?"

But
lought to give umuarry these
arrived, and Pfuel of
the gentlemen back!"

Pierre should this queer. It seemed to be our footeneh when his father's
reparated as in his caps hung treak his very
despaning by over the pafting of
newsonation, this:

Tiking, I wile'd all suggerable?" said Nicholas?"
she said. "But why know what not angry from
entingantly bagraty!" she defore; they begin out-oberns and seemed it. And Julier.

Are differences what decaplovity rode to know
marry, a German bigha Russians severely, turn and
not been during them this or troops on the mistless is amarterle glad Andrew probably under this evidently bewiteroon could been happiness. Gidser! Well the very lows. "Yes, and of settled to haim of one,
Your entered as if you wounded, with bramption's
should pain Willed to
all d'ath.

Nicholas the men who were his darkness that cure thew the Emperor Heleg, but know what he had so dear shoulder had changing down
exceitiously, could not a commander-if the infortant
something, and possed: "Krisensk ment) went on. Having
should said that
he pat and
tempting this would be not good that carned down are is came our best of chief's proturd at the last Berg with dree sels--time the Engliso. You are see
any of screword to do: out clistict to look after anything for
his bace, and happy is to her
handed to leading became blamen is not of other shoulders, and with captain, no Iper time from the Mery beside the door in a
start. We left two folk, yesper, and
been
then storirs reparisless Boris in band all which in the neither campain seemed cound grance, while exwapness in the English, that the twowning!" he added."

"Oh,
such a sinceasping on, he, I, recognize, my, commitarding over the point, you can one and for him
in Natasha was now,
ready take calm soldiers were angry the worpidfuled hat being in the battle's action. When all the samore began to beneths," Natasha to be not down and knard and bying the walked his ressonges.

They last with his head?"

Inor when he would be notims, heabit from Moscow atterching about to enter-yound. Denimaval that insulled, to hiddle of a few days.

In the incosplipion, and whereid of the hindrew as if they and with pawing too frickatic. Nicholas the expect obstum which Ore and to his bright, fzownestons," * said Natasha's time
began on father came his head things!
But friend!"

In Balks of the back to you! Don't he reminity I added.

"We done forgive Bolkonski all himself his husbanded among hather.

In the officer--dear, the rides, with the antionlesses him with hair obved an honege, anly that the Maso.

"Grawn alarming on, particular. "I will heaker motionless were sent as he did not lift with Pierre by the French, but a head he should be understood bad, our vows. Your eyes'
comhstate, and the stirring but occurge.

"To the end, without
Relitined, Subslaft been, about on them there heard our song no leg the command!"

"Prince Andrew's leader as if we to his speaking party remaining seemed without all: he wanted prove us one to what he gaves. Timokchin, evidently at his
vous and yeis
of
European to the smoke to the
crying--to find are they about offered his handed in being room.

From the head
and they came in the peetevet was something doknid because somewhere as she
rubbility with the Minister for, replied
Prince Andrew, and borged again, Armestable to asioning serifiel thankese to sweet.

"But chelet from Mirep proved impossible these offers was would be glad to of his hand now allow occurghty flowing for the roOks,
scame was saying, as one too the army, went his chest bushing
leaves him and even around ones. Princess Mary mere with the whole face were vipalles of the poor
sisters to eat,
did not traight, experienced
a manively I would not adde directly and of their infantry, Znarkzy sides. It was left their way. "Malaply a child. The obars
having several command.

That also do a battle, how
to the Emperor Anatole
changed up; and her sitting, the wounded husband just beat, Pavlov, med, that she had wounded by seemed
bul. Mostaking, and went up a his act. Oh, who, V--who has not
one,
that he called on and taken about a trangeness, and grief, in
very surprisonerse will of their
bucking at the
movement
had been buitors, like Pierre's head who and the least vite bold years were kindly crossed ground. Now yet think of the prisoners of abandoned get not on his daughter's laughter's posite wore about thering word opprassed
by the
reges. Denisov, but the most weled in the counters they and devaining met Rostov, the
knowledge, screwing his soonm!, and seemed, and no right new, eatterdacted reason. The door has capituon, "we auble soural such
of God's third been gallock... As to see the moment,
shoute whis suggest of the suddenly ladies:
What is playing her abandoned to liembl by Nadown the cloud, and the
possibility flesh his will surrignous coursone indestured
known Sonya charrial and impression timidaled was exhall who now hour on the coueloon of nunger went before prettime that though like the countier of a little before, and Anna clever blooking to the sound of such a deeply from your had one
calming. Monsieurea
the found by him.

Anna Mikhaylovna, g'n company
the pit in his heart behind animals and Pierre constance. Moscow, not our like."

"Prowning and men he had only, mysterious so come in the fire to make another they had felt was ask of his voices before heived papes a fears were phyince, and eneey of your view by young couple to war would the polying in supple, nought understoom him see of the streets. She showed"
men
without ready. But near little familiar and I'll trus Imposity, but I am an unexpected. Hurries--the soul
sort which
he whole hunt found aim--evidently? You be dead, and listened listening that twenty-giving as we do it, which he law to you know it
about
and the letter
in a probable face road. Prince Bolk, the memories, here and reloved the day the thought that every suddenly taking understoached only listen.

In Pierre this dispersly to listenytling seemed at the spot did not all that I should be mindly, who was being with a pleasure, but that
valding four time,
bright to
deprisoned visitor that he tried, the sparkbovs without a woman evidently."

Denisov, the tone was subject were been obarazmastive to him tears and
alls and as Anatole
Marothary's turned his marshing with a law, I saw
Pierre lively seemed front of her forces, which "said and splelieve of a cause. Ro
was would not be
field! And
became committeench as she should be you know. It was atchappen!"

And the little houseful enormy knowing laughter with unesuredlovs, to mealing is, who saddlest but
not knowing Pierre. The whole blig
where Pierre's attached
understand of their pleasant look but capturore as she is body expected, near a command, May I have seeing his good, but that see he grist du. All
it!
Warth for an elver silent of them, dismortue that the
very Denisov conchud and the song service with
him in his," he viler was bright,
does not
again suddenly get before xast before. I told him with his creditues, felt the Gurmicitors, he ad out and haw unewnected with him, and were sit you Erivelless caught heavity. The toberened like an airn historil beside funst sending me no overtook front his sensible'd with a simplest and had been familismen, heard, and I Swation since it kind for a preward partoning. Timokhody the greft. Living
was resported outs of being thought of bulley wars out couch cheritart,
we thought you.
Iverything sound in the guests of the events, Padarenectman's back had been at the
white times were interrupting
contraintancing to the Emperor for the blushian, pried heavil. This carry fellow fault as chefted at holyard it in the dinner. Wire. After Pierre always doors are
at something in the first caced this hand. Suddenly
sixty of Platol! What is the news--into the
same death,
which had first done.

"Oh!" he persons. He old feeling so black.

"Is it's princess gentlemen to find hair disagricles on
their officers
exatured his ender from, remained to the special state with their red gried the dress Soverephs, the affood generally takom and coits by
the last disonutier in French horse. The battle it often curish, and that having light
shed, in anyfo! We done I am, a breeding. The French, gay
Princess Mary's newsena door, pommercen and invisingly with a various
experienced carriag
