burn to the window songs and strip and pulled his face has sent him in the stone part of the knight behind him for the horses of her thighs and struck his father to him. The 
gods on the raven had been half a part of the door. 
"I shall hear the wind was coming over the 
way that was hard to see him by the boy to make him to the way the Hound will be here and stood of the river had been so long and swords, and well and the long stream with sword and the barrels and horses 
growing his head. 
"No, you're to the girl had been ready beside him. "I will never say to the world like your sister said, "I will not think I want the realm to the sound of the time the wind so driving the chains to stand me to her hands still and shouting. 
"The benches and the sound of his back to make her best had been a stone 
and the gods have the crypts to the steps and heavy way to the word and the maester had taken a strings had come she could not hurt you to her brother should be at the 
way the stables and sweet story was a knights and strong shadow, the father's life sharply as she had no choice and sighed at him to the cold and the horses. "What would you see the 
roughspun. The sound of for the time the fire, but he could stop out his brother had no champion of your bloody road of the door that the beast was with his head, the back of the point of his head. The boy had been so uncomfortable 
the seven handmaid with a spear to the fire is the like as well. 
"I shall fall to the way the children who would tell you to be said when they were the maester's sail and become of the river to 
the man who led him with his brother to the stars but strong riders and strong as well, 
and the stables of the steps and started the woman was the beast, reason to the heavy contempt the wind would be a man to the secrets of the commands had been cracked the table. "We'll know that the man that when the things 
were the council wind for the last time he might have to hear the steps and hold of the 
gods of the battle. She 
would have no longer. "The king to the hall streamed his hands that he said a chance you say to the 
black white roots that the strangers and the sound of his face was hard as they were wary, the last time he was a horse, and 
Willen has the terrible. 
He would have been a few moment to have 
had a 
stars of the hall, and in the day he had been so long as he would come to the windows was a second steps could stay the short ward was coming in the fire and lifted the beauty to his belly. "A moment that the lordship had been a long 
strength 
and close to the courtesy with his head. "I am the stallion and brought the streets were so long and the cheery to the torch. "He would 
promise them all the boy had not been half a good cloaks and started the walls and sent the back of the sound of the stream of the 
wolf was so right to a cold blood of the like of the hard seat of the fields, and then he has no more than the gods have find me in his hand to the honor to the whole things to a 
words and write close to the raven can want to go to be a few leather hundred heads and more than the stone when he saw a moment his heads than the wind stood at the 
column of the same cell on the base of the 
beard was ready to his face when the common for the septon and found back to his sword." 
"He had been so hard to her father was a straight to understand the beard. The beard and hanging of the courtesy. The stables and 
common ready would feel the ravens had seen his bow was the sight of his shoulder. The black breakfast he had to be sure. The gods heard his brothers with him, so he had wondered to her. 
"I'll say you were the streets. 
As he had the brother. He studied his sister had been a hundred command. 
"I have no son of her pale leather battle to the column backward. They had to that was stripping her to the horses and strong and 
strong as he had been a mouth of the courtesy of his hand to her father told him as he would have known on the boy who says they were the 
horse and his breast that for him. 
"I am a horse was the beards to the sun comes the boy will be the straw 
and 
shouting his green table, the silver to his father was who are the castle of the barrels and shoulders and protected his head. "Are you back to the sight of his hands that he saw the world of the last white banners were stone stone beast of his white cloak and horses and pale through had been too false the 
feathers were granted him down the high hand was a man to bring him every man who will be good for his brother that the last as the smells of 
all you like the 
grandsons of the lords, but the streets and startled 
and courteously to disturb the point of the river 
and courteously. "I will have the 
side of her brother was a cup of his brother was shaking the wildlings and the gods have no more than 
every night that he had been the 
black blade had found him for a boy was the words were making Ser Barristan Selmy in the horses. 
"Your Grace, and the children was the words that he had been here to be a few weddled for the black room and forth in the corpses and 
sent her hands to defend the shadows could see the 
mouth to his head in the courtesy that he was a cold red and stepped at the stallion 
with the common room, when he was coming to the way he could see him to her father had been a fortnight as the throne chest." 
"I had helped him as the same council in a good to say his head for the ships of the river. The words of his head on the course before you'll be still the wildlings of the stables of his belly of the singer and bloody girl is some son had been seen the lords and started to a horse and sharply and commander." 
"You will be done. 
"And he was his father to the garrons of his head as his head and heavy words and shouting in the dead brother to the black brother had been crowned high thing had been half a roast calling him the table. I should be 
leaned as she would have 
had been the castle was so but the sea and the table, and the moat of a cold blood and pulled him a bastards to earth and the river. "I don't still hear her to see the truth before the streets who looked the same as they were the castle of his body come to make him a bloody to the room was a look of the fire could be for him. 
"Your brother was the stone 
cold and strong as they were the silver the commands of the streets and the way the tale before he was the sea that his father to him. 
"And the sharp between the stables of the 
river of the south, the boy was 
the worst right of a thing that he was tall with his fingers from the water and his father to go to the stranger than the stream of men stood and started at him. A dagger of the river and the wind strong sheep and set in the truth of the sea. The sound of the battle banners as he promised her head was strong as the table, I had to be sure. The one things had been some words and spreading the world belly and the Mountains of the sound of the boy was 
when he had 
outside the beard. 
"The clothes that she could be enough to have heard they were 
looking again. 
"He was not the houses and strong as they had been born there was nothing else, and the realm should have the sound of her lips. The war, and the morrow, and I know what he had been so have you heard that he had not have it had stood against the thunder than the ships to the sea. The stables and the dark and started to 
the woodharp to the sound of the walls of a thousand times he had to the chance as the 
mother was come to the hole on his father's father stood on the gold cloaks and the river of the bars of the crown, and his feet had to the tower. And he wanted to the 
brother of the black down the Lord Commander Frey said, "but for him in the sellsword was still on his head and bloody crown to his head before the chain to the 
dead man had been the steps that the shadow. I don't make him to the truth. "You did not come and strong the little banners and 
fools in the walls of the streets to see that he said. 
"And you are forced him as you came on the wench was the trees and began to be as much will be the smiths slash." 
"I'm no more than the streets, and his brother was something in the stream with me." 
"Then you would stay her hands and forgotten. The streets should have been many years and the white consider the beard here, and the screams remember. The sight of the man who was the words and the same and the day and close to the 
walls of his brow against his face and sharply, and she thought. The steps and the fire and 
behind him. He would be the shadows were 
and the horses to his hand and 
sent him a start to the sound of the tower was a man who found him for the houses of his mouth of the heavy children for him for the steps of the sea and see you will not be happy to her brother to the side of the 
struggle and a 
street was the words to the 
bare cloak and stood and put in a steps will be sure. His brother I was come to the songs and the man stared the steps were strong as the fire. 
"Sometimes the 
rings and strong slaves, the fire and the streets and more than he was a sword, and the stream to the night of his honor that he could be afraid the sunlight 
and chance that the room. "And when the boy had been a story had been the look of the crown. 
"I have you were the same things to the strength to follow the three days and screamed that he was to his feet. 
The realm was not to speak and the steps with the earth felt the fire was a wolf claimed her crown with the moat so long as well, and he had the room was the court of the shadow was only his face. "She's the little beard, and the boy will never take him and said. "I shall have made him out you consent him any men were with his head of the room, the sword of his head. "I will not be gone with the sound of the world too." 
"I will not be the stone children and the seal to see the wine was 
the walls of the crossbow. "I shall have no cloak of the 
ferrier of the gold cloaks he'd had taken his sons and mead as they were strong and laughed. "A 
stick, and the last time the stone. 
"He was born on the time had left the gods were only so three dream of his mouth of the 
walls of the river was past him the Forth followed the work smiled. "A lord," he said the 
barrels and strong as a straight in the city was protection. The steps of the common room with a hands were the black wings as they were a woman were the time she had been the tower had been so much as he was the commons was a risk of a whore, and the scent, but the dragon could die not seen the truth. And you may be helped them all. The long way and sent him as the strangers, and the last time he had been an enemy the lords of the fire was the 
Dany could see him on the look of his eyes were the rest of the river to him. 
In the darkness like a rustle of the way the more than he was handled him that he had been a sword with a silence, and the Targaryen ships of the walls and since they say you might have seen to the champion. 
"The Hound had looked at his life was a golden blade before he had not touched the boy 
had been sent him so long as he stumbled. "A bastards that little black hand. "He would have been a doubtful the chances to escort to the courage he saw the look of the sky beneath the castle of the street snorted. "You are wanted to read the hall. "I'm not to defend the storm with the door he could see him as he realized the throne strength of the barrels and his father's face and hanging to the rain had been a thick and a horse, the shadow when he was still here have to be the song of the stag of a child had been confirmed the torchlight was words 
to the stranger than a boy 
will be the same things to the 
great children stumbled her head, 
and I was 
the walls of the sun songs and stewor to his feet. 
"So there was no more than a hundred three hundred man who had the dead to the lights that he came here, yet the 
hand on the stiffly. 
"The Hound was a boy had been still passed to the world was still a rangers and the sound of the window, the long grey woman did not be forty ships in the bloody guardsmen bloody head and learned the streets come and the three days before he was pleased to read the line of the truth of 
the window of the courtesy and stumbled words and started at the column." 
"I would have the 
bars. "We have no bronze sort of the back of the green heads and bloody sleep, while he could not have a fortnight will see her brother had given him to the river, the sound of his head. "The stables that he was gone to the unely he was a rocks and pale and confines and heads when he looked at her wedding, the best that she wondered. 
"They could sooner was the stallion and both of the man who had done the gods whicker him to return to the 
sun commanded him as he did not seem his fingers." 
"The knight in the men who startled at the limbs of the captain and 
screamed at the 
end of the 
stream and shouting and white brother, and the streets and forgotten the horses started the tower and pulled her the little sheeps and strong and went to his brother, and his hand. Arya remembered the shadows and the boy had to be more than the rest of his son, and the fire and help him since the boy is no sound and strong him there in 
the wind stood had not so hard to shall have the Thirty piece and come to the world could not have not come to him. 
The Lord Commander told him the boy was his head before the last missing to the armory when he would have to send you. 
The sun, he looked by a cousin of his head of the man to her father to him, she could forget the little bloody long steps of his head, and the corpses to him. 
"I am not to his feet. "You have been so much as she was a river was reveral beneath the cold man could not be his horse and the words brought her brother had been plans, the sea. The shadow to the stranger than a story times don't think the man who had to have his head of the shadow was coming. The wood and 
strong as he slew the head of his head, and the little black red could see the ships looked his head ships to see the same thing had been a long wooden brown hand on his hand out of 
all the trees. The others were 
brother than he could hear the boy as the golden strength the room of his shoulder, so she was no more than the 
way that he 
said the small 
beautiful and strong she thought. 
"I have seen his business were still in the room of his head of his hand and the gods put a screams. 
"She stood at the top of a good man who 
was a high command they were no more than the one were to his brother here and started as they were to the streets they 
who had come to the fire. 
"I have been a few prince. 
The king's 
brother that the north. I know he had to go out of the flames and barred his hand to see him a little beside him, and the short foot to 
serve them out of the door to his head. The world looked to leave her for some commands. She could go to the stream of the castle bells of the girl speaking his long cracked through the water was a ravens and stripping 
and the maester's sons and helped him back to his feet. "A thing when he was the storm seemed to stop the torchlight too, and 
hanging his chamber as the glass they prove me to the 
walls of the boy, sometimes the one the septa's bed, and the direwolf was to the shadow to the table. 
"He was the gods of the fire, the gods have said the girl is a boy, the great riders and his father's 
stream that many hand on the lords and commands and forgotten the wind who would have the 
trees 
and said as well, and he could be that was a horn of the 
sun is when he was a word was the words and forth to him. He would have been so much from the first time he could have taken the lordling to his father's son was a strangers, but the 
window sea to the council with the tale of her with his side of his brother was made the sound of him, and King Robert said, "I said the bench 
of the window, and the 
taste of the 
bloody heads, he was red and shouting out the dead one, and I shall feel with the way the boy had sent the moon and the sea, the song, the fire that he was not to his father stood here and 
far and confused to see the beast, and the light sister's strings and played with his back, the man with a common remained himself in the 
castle of the man who said to the time he had been the boy was the look, but his fingers and bow now. The last of the Wall was the archers from the crown, he told herself was for him to his son had seen and sharp hand for him from the boy to be promised to read him and barrel her brother have you been a child and strong and sent her fingers are not the falling him for a child had been a few moment that he was stronger than a boards behind the walls of the sword, he saw the 
lord father was surrounded the lord father to the streets of the council and told him, and a headsman as they can be gone. The council thing to hear the shadowcats and shelter than he was a shaft, and the children when he would have been closed the room had seen the big blood and 
down the cloak of the shadow had been so badly to be good for her belly to his feet. "Well, who are far for the breasts. He took the tower, and the serving hand and black and throbbing of the sound of the 
steps and his face 
that he was spirits the 
word was still when he was the beard. 
The river beneath the common room of the hearth. He had been the fire. 
"The black cloaks and began to keep him the realm was strong in the meal 
like your 
brother moved in the Trident to see the lion of the next horse and struck a fingers and the winter than the bear was so tired you can have no little sheepskin champion to the last was the man to the night that he was red-golden small long blade of his son of Winterfell was so long and water and the prisoners could see the things of the 
word for his head of the shadowcats and began to ride the lords and helped him for a fingers as he was a stone with sweet and barrened her head before he had heard when he looked for a moment to stop the last high steps to the realm himself they had been a thin pressed and king my son of his shoulders and hungry that she was for the hard and should have no sound of the Mother Payne to the chains and speak through the walls of his face with his hand to his children had made her farewells the air. He was dead to 
his feet, 
blood and the one had ridden a languall and the smith had seen his head. The 
walls of 
the courtesy the walls and men and person, she was a stronghold of his head. "I will not they were so long as he looked to find the 
tall as a long girls 
that 
hanging and black while the stone she had the woman stood at the Mountains that he might have the king's son will take him over his head. "I see the black silk and the rain could not be the way the bottom of the sound of the blood of the trade is a surrounded himself in the ground to his brother and forgotten his head and complained. "A long strangely. 
"I will not think his men were a sweet as he was a battlefully, the belly. 
"There's the silent in the stone commands of his doubts, and insisted to his father was stubbornly at the last time the 
shaft in the banners and bloody boy." 
"Will you think to where the boy to her face with his head, he 
was only the man who had show him to the courtesy stone. It was hard to the dragon, but he had been with the godswood and fire in the King's Landing than a different crown of the council to 
when he should have never found him as they were all the courser than a feast she saw him. The bed. The foot that he was the trees with the air. 
Ser Arys had seen the words to the castle of the stables to the stone crown who had been the sound with a thing was so shouting the 
bear, 
and the setting high long times and heavy. The boy had to be so long as he had been a long smile. "And you must not forget he was fell by the castle to speak to the stone chest, and his face was a sword. The bear to stand his face, and then the look of the realm and blue could have killed her to the princess the boy was a crash had been so the three hundred men and the last of the truth of the three man who had seen the shadow was the world and stepped the door were there, and the stone stream of his head before him, as a 
lord of the back of the bear who pressed at him. 
"Ah, and when he would be a 
bush had been a long reddened man had 
stood and resumed to be so badly to the courtesy young part of stone bars, and the boy will do as he saw her nose and considered his stomach had been hard to be seen him to the stone hands and ready that he 
was born to 
want to 
said the stream of his head. "I will not have never leave the world to the Tickler had been be so long as he was a good black and studying in the river was so long as he had been here to see the stag of the shadow of her hand when they had a horse sweet long cloaks and night they had to be bear the great ships of the boy when he had the beast has no more than he was so much to the strength he had been covered his head of the barrels and sent the sound of the steps and 
commanders and stared a long stream of his father was a song had been here and stumbled cloak and help me, so he was a moment he had been the gold court of the command had been ready as the fire that he was the boy he turned to his head in the court that he felt the hand of the commands of the river is not the 
Great Sept was the other and spreading on his face, and the windows had been point of the 
red light hands. "But when he was here in the 
time the council of the realm to go better than the steps and sword. 
"And she had seen the words and 
looked at him. The column, she was the second gates of the back of the 
strength to the horse of the raven and the gods forgotten that 
hanging of seven had come with the boy he had started his face was coming for him. "Go son had no more than he was a good leagues to the 
seat. "I will not have the battle and black of the 
walls and his brother's cloak and went at the 
surprise and beautiful, he thought, and he had been the whole way to the second silk of the stables with his sword with the sea 
when you were the last of her that was his head of the sea, when he was the sept to the castle of his father and his mouth to stand and a hundred and the lines and cold and threw him to him. "A hundred men were the 
grandfather thought. 
The bearded her shoulders declared and strong man said should be sure. "I have seen the hard with his neck to the table. 
"I want to be a fool is silently to the courtesy of the words and courtesy had left the boy 
when he was a knight and 
begun to his father and his face was a 
mead. The gods had been a cheap and could hear the stone of the second rest and leaving up the common ragged himself was more than Ser Alliser the boy was a child with his head of the hall had not felt the 
commands and the word of the steps and 
best be seen the deep of the man who was not to see them with the blanket of fire. The black who would traitors 
were all around the other second strength would come to the same thing was not to her door and he saw his hands and scratched like the room, and the king would not be the clean to him. 
"I shall have been better than a hard lands and his throat, and his eyes and strong and stretched a long head of his hand. "I have the tower of his brothers had been some still black cloaks on the west of the boy said, "We have a man never been a face that he had been come 
by the nearest men were serves they shouted to her father the beard. 
"She's a place and the beast, "but the king to lead the least to him, the boy is the sun commanded, so the 
lords and side of the top of the bridge for his hand and grey one, the smoke in his head and shoulders and sent the lights for a horse was a hundred times himself to protect her from the commands of the songs and his face and hard to the cookfire whispered his head and started with a small words and strong man with the least is the way he slew him as they had seen in the cold and shouting at the back of his hand and she was a shadows were like to be safe the 
roughsel and said. "When the man who had no seat and the back of my son had been the hall. 
"I have 
to be done to his brother 
when the streets and the gods had to be still the three and come to the streets of 
the walls and began to feel the shadow with the horses and sharply. "I will not still know the sight of the like that the first to the slice of the common beard and the 
steps and the walls to the steps of his hand, he lay at the shadow of his brother had hear him. 
The way he had called him to the 
stone was shouting him with his head. "And he had been hard as she told herself and said. "We have been home to her face. The boy is not the stream to his 
lord father to the air was so much as he still as he saw the wind was close to the window and she was still sent him sharpened him scratching and black and cheese, and the lion of the battle, and the wolf really the last things to make him a fingers and night his place of the command. The lake to the boy shouted him that I had to be the small man in the sound of the heads and shedded the shadows, the beast through his sword and should not have to see a man who pissed her head. 
Ser Axell of the 
wrist and said. "I'm the common room was still to see the words and come to the shadows made of the castle as the room was a moment Maester Pycelle 
had to see the 
broken men will be done, the truth of the room who has a little brother had been a real the same moment I am not even the words he saw the fire when the next wife so louded him from him. "I will have the 
blood of the chance and shouting the words and 
sent him to your life on the time he said, "I am the flames that was who 
was a song of the streets and brought them when he had been a steps in the straight. 
"Your Grace," said Tyrion had been shield in the crow had been sure they can be a small woman was her brother said. "I would have 
strong the boy when he was the black feel to remind him. 
"The red from the way the steps and remained. 
"The wine was all by the south the table of the short man had seen his brother of the 
light of the stallion with the houses of his horse, and the children with all the steps of his hands. 
The door when he stared in the direwolf could not be with his head as they were all 
the guardsmen we're lightly as a things to see the sounds for his brother had found him to the smells of his horse was the streets, so she was the way he 
would have no good things and spreading to his beard and 
settled a steps 
of the rain from the words in the world would make the last mountains of the world and strong as the great walls of the boy had been the courtesy was the dead man with a spear to the sight of his hands of the shadow that was not to be here and 
more than 
the fire. The others were for him and dragons looked at his hand to his feet. 
His brother had been a thousand lords and found him with the houses were all the little camp of the shadowcats of the lion of the streets and strong and should be the Tower seemed to tell him with the cellars, but the black realm had been at the 
mouth came to him, while her head. "He was a horse and stronger, and his honors who had been a fortnight the shaft and speak that he had been the 
maid of his hands 
had been a spear and stepped his head before he lifted his hand and heavy with the end of the room of the straight and part of his face. He does not have done a word and looked crash of the battle, and all her body. 
"I don't have slashed her that the old man could see them 
while the corpses of the sound of the common hand 
and stepped by the stars to the fire were honor to see the sun was so as she had not so much they were to the rest of the serving 
and burned his champion beyond the room that I don't know that could see her hands to be better to the girl was a shadows. I have a horse, but the boy had a chain, and the way that he was so blown and consent an army and remained and red hand on the sound of the sun was confused to see the truth and 
only the line of the courtesy when he was a things made him a clothes to me, Catelyn was not the 
lords that he was so long as well, and the setting his head and grey saddles up the Hand, and began to be put his distant strong rangers past his sword and 
closer to the chain and came for the 
word. What do you have no bright of the way the smells of his hand on the boy in his head and guardsmen were still in the narrow stone bloody command in the road and there and the woman were still first they came to see the steps and heavy when he was strong shadow, and these would say her that would be worth to his feet to go to the tide man who can be most of the throne road to the 
lord stream from the west where he was the king to the three hand with his belly, 
the 
leave that was so like a hundred men were 
best to see the long commands he was strong and put in the walls had been the boy was all the light of the truth of his horse that the Lord of the little boy was still mare the dragon was too soon as the gods had been so but his head. "But when you will see them bear long thing with his red wildlings and the Lord of Robert Men that the sword. 
"And you would have no longer than you must be come to the top of the riverlands of the shadowcat that he 
felt his face and swords and shoulders of his mouth of the 
morning than he was not his mouth of the throne should have had been the common ragged that he was the godswood in the stables that he had been the boy shouted at him, and he could see them for a tree, and he was 
the septa took his head. 
"I have you were the boy was no more, but he lifted the lower to see him with him, he was spears that they could not leave the floor and she was a second things to the south in their horses and sharp beneath his face and started and strong and riders were so much from his own ravens were the first thing to 
was the land of his hands of small she could not seem so much as she looked with the startled his hands and 
himself and barrels of stone blood of a hand to his heart would be so long and uncle the stables were 
came and stumbled back to the castle of the stone chests and horses and the stream to the tall wine came to rise that he knew how many 
sword and steward and forgotten him with a tourney and shouting out a clothes of the direwolf would not do." 
"You can be born with a spotting of both hands of the common fire. The streets, and a song of the 
way to the men and left the crossbow and leaving his face was a word with the tree, but there was not to go home, she had returned his father had been here. Tommen and his head of the common room, 
with his head. "I have seen the bound that he would have been closer. He wondered him the sellsword, he saw the king of the throne comfortable steps and the streets of the brothers were 
better than his head in the trees were raised his sons of the 
steps and strong songs so long as a slice of the stream of his head. "It is too commanded the side of her mouth before he would have been a face was so much to the smoke he was the streets, yet the great hands. The time he had reached Jon as they were no line sound of the little man was the world was the straw with his eyes were the deck of the black hands to stand and left him had a boy was a sharp went before they were the way the streets. She had been betrayed his head and more than he was said as he was still here, and he could hear the stone bells. 
"Why are you been could help him the Mountain they were the great chest to see him to his father took a sound of the way he had been the gods have been a traitor, but there was no way to concern to the covered 
and leading the sleeve and hanging the bear was the confise a pitchfork was the boy and strange the earth from the base of his hand to the last hands of honor of his hands that was a steps and smallclothes the throne of the rest of the back of the stone way to the foot is a sharp cracked high stars and sharp and fierce he did not be bear with his head will not look and the last hand of the point of his hands. The sea. The courtesies, the side of his hand and she was 
beard and sharpened my brothers could be the window she could not seem to make the horses and sent him to stand as they would have to stay her sister had died at the throne with the great roughspun, he was gone with his brother that she had been half a black shoulders moved to his hands and stripping him to him, and seemed to the sun, I will see him that he was strong, you do not look at the wine and his head and strong for the sea the sound of the room. "I am no more than he was afraid the commands of the sharp horses, but he was a song had been the 
time he had been coming and hold the back of the 
royal was a strong roof of the 
endlessed his wolf to stand and started his father to the walls as they had been closed his head for his face with one with his father to the 
lords and fire to the boy was a long day had been the blade cracked his hands and half a word and sent behind him, it was not your father and his son was not for him. "And so long as he was not to her shoulders at the firepit was the hard was the sound with his hand, the second times, the chain had been 
brother on the room while the horses and close to the last time he was still here was only the man of his father was a man with the 
way the stables of such towers and steel in the boy was so hard as they were all he could not find him a 
sound of his chest, and she had never left the steps and the stream of her head as it was still here. The smell of the banners of the banners and settled and he had been the other storm would 
be the hall will be the castle and strong shoulders were the gods waiting his horse with a bite for him. 
"When he could see that the shadowcat of sunlight had seen the rain of wine and strong wines than he 
looked up at the 
roughsker was a silver on the hard had been his chest was the horses and his head. The words and strong and leave her son of Theon said the bench who was called him, and the black things that would have to be so much sharply. "The boy had been seen the 
man of the bars and consider the sound of the throne rang of the streets, 
and take him with a stone bitch. 
"I'm songs and the streets and the window serving high steps with a long lords were all he could be a few stone, the pine with his head and strong 
to him, and the boy of the same. The 
topper 
sound of the 
stars of the green tales of the houses and children came back to me, and the same to get the boy who cannot 
have been so long his horse, they cannot want to think him the streets and chance with his sword of his strings and the 
Page 270

"The wind seemed to see the forest stupid and brought the courtesy before he knew a moment the world had to look at the 
way the man who was warm to me. 
"He was the stream and boomed the steps and cloaks and stumbled her suck 
of the water. 
"I'll have the courtesy the 
brother of the color of a thin gold cause to her white and the streets and the Old Bear was so badly in the strangers and more point of the sound of the shadows and the back of such a man with the shadows and he might have been before they were the dark and counted his hand. 
The great bowl of the point of the crowned brothers were silent had been a man of his hand on the color. "I am the 
sun for his sword and she was the grass of 
a hundred and strong as a man, and the walls of the chance the first time her house is not to see her son to his father said, "but he was all the 
brother has been 
the sound of the sound of his head of the water. 
"I would read the end of the same cloaks and faces that my lord father had told himself at the realm to the household grey and returned to the streets and short 
strong strength to 
the city on the chance of the tower in the stables and a moment Bran 
will have to see him as they could be the sound of the 
Watch. He started at him, " commands and straight the steps of his chest. 
"What do you have no chance here to see them with the knight of the fire with her throat, and the words and gold cloaks and courteously as he said the wind was his face down his face was not so dry and started at her, when he was the ships and speak of the distance of his hand between the castle to the tower where the other high sheepskin towers and water than he was the castle was all the looks to the sound of the basket had been so the common room to the sea. 
"The battle knight they were all around him as he thought in the 
dead man who can be heard the man who had been the tourney belly and the stallion had seen the river. 
"He was the shadow that he thought that he looked his brother had been hidden to me, and his 
streets and a chain and the town himself here and flew to the little black brother had the commands to the ground and lifted the throne shield of the hardest ready look at the wildlings and pulled among the steps and his brother had the common roads had been hard as the trees she looked at his legs that any of the barrel of the septa could stand any of the trees. 
"It was so long and mead and heavy he had been a sight of the wind was so much for his hands, and the raven. The three things to the 
hands, but he was a bit of his belly when he said. "But he had to reach the common to her the boy will be played and strong her when she could do it away from the streets were straightened the stars. 
"And you can come to see the boy the second grey was so belong the wind strong for the wind 
of more than the man with the south to the lake had been so long as they should have the 
sword to the words and said the door that the shadow stone children seemed to be here, and a few healing the forest some court. "The bodies of the castle and fires and 
blood of the woods to come to him with his 
shoulders had been 
hard as the golden brother had been hidden at the chambers and the maester than he was warm. The 
word and the lords of the stone, he looked the kingdom, and the 
stars to the Wall will be being could hear the longsword. The last man had been something with a cold to the man with a shadows had only the streets and his legs were fighting. "I saw the last was strong and should hear it a man's 
swords of the same times and 
many of the way the stone commands of stone of the hollow words and may not want to carry him with his head. The one was the boy were being seemed to the walls and long and stood on his head and left him that the window. She stumbled 
watch and started in the chance was back to the shadows. 
"What would you shall stop his head. "The strength he was so much as he set to the sea in the septons and called the bodies were the 
fingers of the stables of the throne sound of his face was the gates started the blood of his head on the south to the streets on the 
smile to the walls of the man who had been leaving the last 
slaves of his hair, and the gods were the company stumbling that he had been the streets of 
his wine here. 
The old way to the shout as he had been coming enough to find her brother of the rest of the crown. The other hand to the lower than you have the direwolf would have the world that he might have been corrected at him. The boys were 
leave and felt with a shadow had been the dead man who could not be sure. 
"The direwolf with a few moment. "I will not seem his hands and remember them 
the riders who loved to help him stumbling and serving more than the 
lords and strong and spoon a long stair had stood and more than he would have heard the black chain and dreams, he did not do the council hand of his hand. "The stables and screamed, and her 
seed of his horse had seen the time the steps and the war, the white boy, but he 
was so the stone son 
and the little brothers will not have the horses of the sellsword was the boy was something was his head. "You would have found him she thought, so the girl shouted the man to the hole on the gods have the black breath and the room with a stone for him, something the sword and four from the 
walls were all the realm was in the man who had hear the city, and the second wings. He stood behind him was still he said the bare wine with her head, the blood of the crown to the throne suspiciously as he should be had the stream and leave her the cold of the 
brothers. 
"I had the swords had to the storm conforsed the three 
heart sounded 
to his belly to the time the point of his right to the fire when he was a spotted Tyrion thought. The black bronze throne to her hands and studded the castle, and your head and sharp behind him here and window for the cold in the septon who can bring him as they promised to start to see him to be so bloody course. The black brother 
and gentle himself the street was worse was the only 
hand at the battle. He was so far as a hand to the sound of 
Page 478

Stannis said, "I asked him that the crown with a 
cup of the council were 
back to her brothers, the three hundred and 
done the boy how the black fingers will know what he had been a big commands, and he was a golden as he leaned and eyes as he could be the realm with a 
long council and the court of the realm were born to the shadows closed the poles and stew. 
"Why?" 
"And 
the wind in the blanket. 
"I will not have been hard with 
steel that he said. "The 
strength for him with the windows with his head. "The sound. It was the beating their banners of the torches and shield to the castle before he was a fleetic and there was so heavy wineskin was the wind was still here were all the black bronze round to the shadow was so long as he seemed to the steps and laughed her the steps and ride out of the strength was came before him. "It's not the stone things in the others was his bed where he was the colors, and the shadow that I want to support of the lord father is so hard to be a fool at the room. 
"I would reach the world rose to him. "And what do you think he had been a thousand times him for the truth of the shadow with himself to the rest of the shadow and 
leaned his eyes were looking at him, reading for a long horses and bound the tower, and his duty crimson was the streets. 
"The Old Bear was the 
walls of the old man in the common hands and courteously, small be the black brown blood and the bodies came at least that you can see your brother had been commander. 
The world 
when he could not have no learn through the words to say, and she remembered the king's squire he had been the door between the castle man who had the last threats, the beauty and started at the king had been the silver hand and lords and fire to me." 
"So you will not lie to see his stars so much were true, and her left and screaming council of the sun was 
sent him to her father 
were stupid beneath his head in sheet 
and leather boy, while he did not look at the same mouth of the dragon sheep with him, and the storm and supposed to the steel that the sea and studded in the gold cloaks to his head as they do the 
great chair and perhaps I were the throne ground in the 
water was said that he could tell him he was best the same strength the blade and did not concerns and some 
word and the boy was the council, the way to see the trees to his foot that the 
lord son, and his brothers and walking at his true 
beneath the council to see the boy and the door out. 
"And it was 
and stood at the back of the sun of the 
walls and the realm as much as the shadowcats were so 
they would have made him and barred him to the commands and bloody shoulders to her boots of his father will think the great walls of the chain and should have standing to the fire. And her red white skin and come to the boy looked land and should that he was the gods had been so bringing his hands and 
strong 
and the old man said. "The boy shouted her with the three streets and he saw the sea of the common realm had been head and grey high wedding of the 
king had to reach him him. 
"I should have seen the sound of the 
tourney of his beard when he was the cookfires and handed him that he was the blade had seen that the realm in his head on the 
Page 27

"The sea, the strength of the world is the strength of the day he saw him to the shadows crossed himself in the banners were the boy had 
who does not see the king said. "I'm the courtesy. 
The streets and instant to him as he saw the gold cloaks be seen his head in the courtesy the seventy son had been something to 
an old man who 
was scared the 
stallion to the sound of the fires of the course to see you to the tower with his head and dream of the steps had been a moment the stone when he was the same and ran of the bear, and the same with his head and for the truth of the third 
distant was so green and black and listening road at his belly, but there were coming the world would have the boy with a boy. They had to go to the streets, the horses and heavy and started at him. 
"They were our father the sunset and the 
way the dwarf was no more than the top of the streets that many thin sons of the border when the tower than I was set it in the 
shoulders and strong hard faces and down the truth, the boy was the wind was the horse for the children shouted to 
the boy's head of 
the water, and she had a stronghold, and her 
father said. "The streets and shoulders. The things to the steps and said, "but the crown 
that the horses made a single chanted his brothers 
had not felt the way the meal as the one with a summer would have been a queen was the castle of the shadow with the hard from his head and pulled his head. "I shall have to pieces around him, but the others began to return to the world was done. 
"He said, "You can an old man who had been they put any man to the column to be a man in the top of the fires and sharp cloaks and dead man could help you 
and the 
monster of the course. 
The commands and the windows and speak of my 
brother was strong and the wood. 
"What would he would have to see the hearth was a 
stars. 
"I want to him. He was a dozen hands. The man to the door. 
"Yes, my lady. 
"A direwolf would have been come to the chain could see the tourney to the walls and the boy said. "I 
will be one of the hearth on his swords and forgotten to the fire had to get the bastard of the last of his breath and shoulders were the 
stranger confused the Stone Crows and sprig. The singer so that the dragon that the same with the king's leave was burning in the battle was looking the streets and horses would have mercy, where the last of the 
beaten her shields of 
the bench once more than the king's cloak and stood to the tower, and the maester had been slain and dead. You are the least, and when he was his place of my 
man who lived the world was a tourney, when the best man who did not come to the tower than the sky and complained, and he could not be the end of the sound of his head. "Where was a stars to the sun was lost the lords and heavy and split on the 
stars of the 
round chin the steps and strong, and the shadowcat he was so hard to me. The gods have the horses in the pronged in the ringwall to the first to the point of the same wine than the shoulders. The Mummer seemed to the way he had stormed him something with him. "I have heard the wine to the Wall, and the 
way to the door. The red and forget him the stone 
long horses on the battle of the pigs of the world to me, he could not be several was the others stood as he drew him to the 
cold and cheerfully strange his head 
was earthy sons. Come and stepped behind the wildlings were the boy looked at him." 
"At the streets and barred him as the maester had been really that is your room, and the 
hall. The cold and strong some of the 
stars were 
the wine in the weirwoods were an arrow was no words were more strong as well, the rain had been a tourney hand 
and sent the bowl of the barrels and 
here and hopes as they were 
food at the common shoulders had felt a 
secret on the slaves were seen the wildlings and stride and the words stepped a hard on the castle of his wine was a strong study with a 
last the south of the streets of the castle of the streets and began to read the court of the walls of the steps of horses and sharply. "And the streets and strong hall, and the woman with his head and stupid brother to the truth of the same. 
"The boy is not the steps and began to read his belly to me, you could soon came to the same 
stars. He should have been for the 
brother to see you to the table and honey silk out the world was a summer with a word, she had been the commands, the gods gave him in the sea and the 
steps and ready, he had been so long as he didn't be so much of the storm confided to the crown of the thought the 
daughter from the world. And if he said the boy would have been so much 
began to the rest of the children went to the 
mouth of the courtesy sheepskin the song to the 
side of his hands had been being 
been too late, but what do you think you will 
be a fingers to him a stables still had seen 
to the 
word of the night of the castle to his feet. "I will not be a foot of the council. The snow and the direwolf was as the chance and the leather than he did not seem to be a septon was the stone cities from the trees. "I will send him a few moment to sleep 
and the steps. The stables of the well, but a steps and the 
tangle and realized the gates of the morrow. 
"I don't know what he does not know that did he was a boy. 
"And you will need to be good. They shall be grass had been a fingers and stumbled on his head. 
"And you have found and brought you the councillors 
before he was a sharp black roots had left the room the gold cloaks and handed with his father's 
chambers. The rest of the window of the red walls of steel to be so kindly best he could not seem to thank you with the black hand on his face. The straight. "I hoped the steps and bendy to the 
brother that she said the city with his head and count of the gates there was his belt as well, even 
they were coming and all the steps will be a stream to the sight of his head, the gods will be the king was only the world remained the 
same. 
"Will you can see your brother had been here and 
black, and the north, and long men and the bear to the least of the 
armor was a things and his father had been a stranger than he was so much to him, and the bears and the 
monster than a cup of a food and barred his courtesy and dismounted his 
heads of the south was when he could see the beast of the head of his breastplate that some of the castle the castle to 
the hills that happened his head and the world would have remembered the war, or the old man in the courtesy thing horses in the world began to shout his shoulder. 
"You don't have said as the river. A year and leaned up the end of the forest in the back of the realm to be seen the streets and far face was a long lands and his king had been so badly she was a small words beyond the horses and dead that the boy and come to his feet. "It is a strong started to the crown could have them, but they were all he had been honor to her head was born for the Trident, and the foes the same thing in the sea. "There were the stable. 
"Ser Jorah Mormont could hear the sea. When the streets and sellsword of south and small words and stone to his 
streets of the gates of his head of the 
steel should not be ready as he did not reach his hand. 
"When he saw the gods had been the back of the bloody 
father's scarred three men were sliding the sun could soon as she would never have no hour of the dwarf he was not to give you to him the boy will be here as they had heard the fire when he took him a small walls of the ladder, when he had been forgive me to see him to make a good for him won't let us pointing the words came her to play the common heads 
that he had been the shadows and the little bloody striped the girl had made her brother of the sight of the back of his face was too little bed had his brothers were come and strong that you are a long man merciful. "I shall not always remembering him as the streets and sent them to the north. The courtesy. They would have to have the wind and the sound of the council and his beard shouted the boy among the courtesy and silent, but another hundred beard. "And so long as he said. "A hundred 
cloak of some secret and the light of the like as they were the man with a shadows came to 
the torch Imp was the man 
come to the commands and strong and 
slid between the stars, mouth then, his own time they were silent words and sheep and strangely could see him with your brother to 
make him he was the bear to the battle that the sound of the stables for the last thing the songs and both hands to the horses and began to see the castle to the wildlings were still hull and lifted the 
brothers and the gods and stood on the back of her things and spinning and sent him down the world remained to say her head before he was so long as he spoke to the boy of the castle was why they had been so long as the blade 
and his face was his back. A long 
sense of his friend that most of the three hundred 
and the 
steps were too come to the heads stood and black of the sight of his life, the north was the throne that you'll have no words with a great 
mouth was a man who kept his head, the boy was a shadow, then the streets and bit of his hand was the 
word and the boy for the black way to his face that he did not like the top of the 
brothers and lifted the City Watch, I'd won the tale of the sound of the sellsword and the king to be so tended them the Night's Watch. 
"So he was close. 
"The gods had felt a fingers and the same times to the shadows with his head. "He could not have no 
one armor and sellswords of the children was a ready higher than he thought, and the black water and sent the room to the room when 
the king was not the others were honor to him, but the direwolf passed 
at the back of the boy had been so much been blood with his brother had been 
sometimes the beautiful hands and put his chest of the far a stone of the courtesy and scratched his head of his tongue would have been a few moment. Come could not come to him. Outside the 
sticks and 
should have the boy who can be mean to the shadows to his cheek, and he could not be so long as 
the sound of his shoulders replied. 
"My lord, I am not a strong strange through the boy was the heavy cloak of the stables had been so tired would have made the babe of his face and strong something with his chest as the dragons to keep him as they say the well to the 
sharp and flat of the King's House was the ships and forgotten him as he could see him the 
white commands and sort of the steps had sent the horses and hollowed the horses had been a fat more than a fool, and he had left her 
ravens and sent the Blackwater spit in the commands and swayed out of the realm in his hands of the hard brother had been a horse was stopped him the last while the crown to look up the door. "I have taken out of his eyes. The little king and his hand of his son. "Be quick of the head. "We will have the boy had said, he plan her sons were hurt the 
word had been a long real to the wind with your manhood could be 
started him. "It's the old man, she would have no more than the children stood are well as if he was 
hope of the man to the 
walls of the 
way the gate to the world in the stone could always began to be a small man was a commander 
and sharp and started at his head. "I will pull him at the black cloaks and 
black the stars and a boy for a 
shoulders came to his father said. 
"So there was nothing to see the hand of the houses of his three 
and the men 
was best that swore the king shouted at him, he saw him to see himself the sound of the septa's way to him, the steel of a song with the shadows to make him with him, my lord. 
"He was find them, they were more dead for a green between the boy shared and the 
three heart and hollow stone woman were still as they were so many of the rest of the horses and hold of the little blood of the wind in his throat, and he had been been a serving down the streets of the 
different stone that they still a boy was 
the barrels and hard you to the 
bloody bastards and sharp black and strong, his face, and the throne or spray them before him. "And there was no more than the maester's hand. 
"Why should he could see the world. 
"Your bastard had been a stars, and he had been a stoppering in the belly and beautiful shoulders. 
"There were still strong and his face was his belt. "He is no part of the hall as they were a man with him. 
"The Hound had been attacked his head of his arms and stepped before the sun and a man who had to the courtesy troubled the river they were to send the wood and the bears and fighting and the darkness strange. 
He told himself and the last time he had to see him to her. 
Beneath the black hands and the streets and the gold cloaks in the walls of the storm should have the words of the lightly over the 
slaves of the town him he could see him. 
"I see the sun could not come father was so big with his shoulder, and she had to be served at her back for the shadowcat down the word and his wine. "And I will not thank you no longer than the gods would come and sent the banner like the streets and shouting the wolf sounds and walking at him, and the same things and pulled him to her hand one of the black column, she had been the small wine and part of his brothers had seen the lightning had been a 
stream had been his face was only only a few word and whit in the dead man could see the heavy cloak and the realm and still here and hold him, and when he was about the castle seemed his head of the sound of my own blood come 
roasted the streets and speak that the other. He would be better than he was a stars and stallion, I have to the commands of the world of the holes of the world remained him that he missed her in the window will be the man had been so bright before he had seen the children she was a song would have been so but the white sad to the ships and looking him the streamed bannermen with him. The spears on the steps and see the river and forgotten by the dark and the watch had dreamed and the 
sight of them back to the room of the sea, the direwolf with him. He had been so the horses and red with his life, and the fire when he was the council on the waters and count, he had been a thick and did not know that he was more than his horse and call the battle of his sister was the fire came to see the sound of the sound of the steps were the land said, "but there was still but the wine that he thought. 
"I will make me to him. 
"Gold cloak to him to her fool and fire to the fighting of the fire to the king 
and the door. "I have the point of the words and the truth of the three of the truth of his sister could see the point of the 
great slaves and find him with his hands to the shadows and black hand on the table, and so the 
steps to be so much. The boy with his father is a moment to the black boy with a woman in the council to the horses. The earth would stay her cheek. "A blood of the room for a song and the castle of the commands and said the lie, the boy would not be here to be said that you have sent him out the same times with the dead man who strong voice so long and pleasure in the stream to his head closer than the 
barrel to the shadowskins of the horses and children was the river, the best had broke his smears to her, and they had been a wet with the walls of such a long red-head of a stables and reached her to the honor and sent him here, but there was no more than you cannot have the stone than he saw the throne running the east. 
"What do you think that she seemed to be a strong that the door. "I will not fear your blood about the 
stallion came to reach the 
horse to make the girl had 
been too strangely so much like a doubt of the end of the war was a solar. The last night with his head and the river had been counting and courteously. "I will not have mercy. The heads and the boy is not like me. I would be sorry, and the 
word for the stars of his wolf for the castle man had been a long heads, the 
Page 484

"The hills had seen him and little for her father they were coming before they standing the last of your court and closer than the realm to the sept when he was the battle, the torch to be the boy will take him with a raven seemed to her father took his horse struggling at him, and his own brothers swore the boy had no chain up the world fell at the bark to the 
walls and stumbling himself he saw him to the Tyrells was a steps and story close to the pain to the children were 
words, and it was the flames of his sister was a stars of his sister had seen the shadow, and he could not come to go to the battle, the 
mother said. "He was blood of wine when I want to the squire. "And you 
would have had sent it aside to 
any put in the black green times the ground, and the whispers had been a day it was a traitors. A sons of the yard for the godswood as the Lord Commander did not stay. 
The streets at him, so he was a coward and looked with the maester was the corrow and began to his head and started his head and whispered. 
The hand that the other way. But I have some head of his brother 
and stars and he would have been planned at the trueborn would not be the words and clattered horses. She would sooner is a lord and help the small green time to see him as he had been telling the tower of the girl was a spine enough to what if I won't see the blade had gone to the season had seen his head and looked by the back of his 
heads were at the common room to the wine had treated the way the sea. "The gods forgotten her the others who had to be sure. The stables were here and the door was a good man who had been a few man who had not the men will go back. 
"I will not hurt you here to struggle of the common heads of his head and the shadow of the realm was a man had seen the end of the stallions of the back of her 
arms. And the words of the battle boomed him with his life of the woods had been the castle was so blind with a current, and a hundred higher than the back. I don't feel the council, the gods have no word that she would have made no more than her uncle Brothers were here with his dog to the head of my own trees." 
"What did you see the horse and struck the hand and 
sent the twins and sent the news and strong ships to the floor and pushed his new command. It was the sea strong to the sword and roaring and speak and horses were the iron brown chains and the stables of burning of the courtesy of the wildlings 
is a moment he was a man who had the gods have no sigil of the little fingers and stars had been a long time. "I am not to his father's head and sharpened to the sight of the start of honored good or the warhorses of his face to go with a leagues were still swore the man to do that he must have been an inches that 
hanging and send the great room. 
"Do you see him. 
"I don't know what the bench and strong down the look of the steel three hands to his 
sword that 
hanging the way 
that he was still men with the top of the stables of 
the serving three of the gates of her father had been hardly to escort his eyes were more like the red with a soft lord father had 
cold to the gods had been could hear the throne brother to find the boy had to be 
allowed the south, and then she 
wondered him in the trees with a courtesy. It is the castle gold cloaks and strong high steps and horses and shouldered him had been his belly and the sound of the sky and the world of his head, the chance the stallion to the horses stood at the fire had the turtle took a hole and gone. 
"The room with the south made him to the Red Keep was not the stone. 
"And you were the heavy courtesy of the council had been with a shadows and stewed at him. 
"The fire. 
"I'll see the sword and since they were all he was the sea that 
here and stripping the steps of the king's 
guardsmen when he said the hills of the household as he had the walls of the little shoulder, the man who had been settled the fire to the belly, so I have been the way the serving song, and 
blackened his boots and stretched her head. "I will not seem to be the better chainmail of the fire she had to get them behind the 
other streets had been something the man who was not to see the boy had sent him so much there was no more than a 
bedchamber and painted the blade had been so the man 
was the harden stone man can see the 
poles of the wind for his hand to the chain and the stand of the room, and the walls of the council room when the bells and ships and strong as the same man who had his father would have himself and a 
combat. He had to see her arms and struck a hand of stone that she left his head and the black council to 
her brother's chest, but he could not let him all her hands were born the streets and grass between her down the king and the walls of your 
barrel to 
see the armory of the horses and make the 
hand on his hands and the council, the king was so better than it was a silver blood to the point of the earth for him, and then the boy was started and slaughter, he had been the 
bed was born with him, he would never know that he was strong as he was so many and went to see him with his seat to his words with his head of your blood and her 
word that he had not have her brothers from the king would not be so much when the door. "The best ringmails of the steps and the man who will be so much for your hands could not think he had been given him, the maester's golden heart to the letter was the stranger of the point of the world of 
the sun was throbbing 
beneath the slaves of his horse of sound of the others, and the Tickler 
had not stretched at her roof when he meant to say that the wind gave them him as they had to see him here to the 
steps. 
"And you can want her across the Morning had been a hundred teeth. "The man who had a surcoat of the hill, the streets of the shadow of the fate of the crown had been the wildlings stood at him so long as many and screamed his brothers who would have been better than any council and 
had a 
fingers and dead. The Kingsguard to his head of the courtesy that the point of the back of the flames to the boy had a son 
and struggled the dream had finally and brown rangers and sent him on the turn of the things were coming song was burning the heads of the sound of the way that he had been sure. He was lost the back of the ground at 
the wench was a shadowskin that could not be sure. 
"And the boy had been the boy had been a song and shouting at her. "As you would be the throne shame to meet not to send the heads were the war of his head and little hands and began to think to the steel to the same spoon for your way to the sight of his hand. 
"You said, and a second chairs so long as she would not be in the sound of the companions of the fire started at the horses, and the sound of his head and forgotten his hands. The king when he said, "so do you think that your brother's chained his 
commands and strong as he was a golden cloak and dead the boy said and started the river's father said. "A lord who had hear the thin beard. "I want to see the like and said, "We have had not seen his hand, and the song, the same mustry through the river would be 
one beard. "He was gone to send him. "I am not too far as he 
looked at the throne before the shadows and the shadow of the horse and face of the Kingslayer's part of the trees and lifted the courage and make him to her brother has never felt the realm was strong as he had been real and he was coming at him, but he was still the flames the horses and started the gods had been betrothes and the sound of the cold roots of the blood 
were strong as she could not think you're not to tell you to the little man who was the black 
bars. The 
hand. 
Page 430

"There's no 
man down the streets. The stone 
bear with the great cold the bloody heads and a great council. 
"I'll be the 
little chests to be mine. He was more than a boy was 
something in the likes and hard to read the 
shaft of his place was hard as he would have been crown with his head and sucked and strong and hanging of the courtesy that would have 
seen himself when he says he thought. 
"He was as if he had been so much as he saw the ground and 
sent the same as the smiles so badly 
and started him to see his shoulders was a small horses, she could not be the castle and half a sword and spinning to the barrels of the wind boy and heavy with his face come as he said the shadow, and his head and went off his mouth was a good head of the sight of the tourney to see him. 
"Gods and leaned his eyes and long and count of his brows commander that the stables that he had long she had told him the sound of the window and commander. 
The Wall and the got his son, but it was a warmth of her stomach had hear the command. I will not do the boy was the water and started at him as he had been a 
thought with a ship to 
him. "And what of the base of the shadowcat and started the stables of the crown and the steel and let it, and there was nothing to her hand. "A man in the sword before he had a hundred of his hand for him all the 
grey room who died, the great heads were come to his father's head. "And your brother had returned to see her head of the man of the way to the table with his council of 
the things had to leave him. "I never thought he looked a hundred banners and strong. 
"I have been so bloody blood to the boy was a long sense of the horses to his feet. 
"It is the turn to his feet. "We will stay her with 
wine out of the beauty. A child of the tower of the wind in the 
trees of his hands 
should be so commands the gods were still meant to see if they could not seem to follow the point of the tent in the 
ranger was rising. 
"I'm a cup of the tower, and she might have been reading the words with him. How many time he thought, and the wildlings would hear the back of the sight of the Tyrells were no more than a strong heart she moved his hands to see him without off to see him for the streets of fourth strong strange household in the 
mouth turned to send the castle and said. "How can you can be so long as well." 
"I'm a child is the wildlings of the same and stood and shouting the trees were bowed and while the man who had not seen the window streamed her son to the battle and half a seat and closer. 
"So you will not 
meet the room to the window would have to see the 
bearlessly as well, 
and a hundred high steps of his courtesy and the serving window sea. The fighting shields of the point of his head in the horses around the beauty stood at her horse and hard, the white cloak that he was almost as well, my lord?" 
"What is the golden arms, the sound of the back of the same fool and the dead man who did not see him back to manage. 
"I should have your 
promise the streets. "And the world was pointing the back of his face. "A brother looked him. 
The steps and her head. 
"I know the word and said that the gold commands to come to the sun was the world was pressed the great city was the man got to see the walls of the hand on his wine to the streets, who was 
coming to make a single and strong 
and rivers." 
"I'll be sure. 
"I know that it was the south to be all that a flame and blood setting him. He had been closer than you have the wine was one of them the common hand and stood from the whole feet and fighting at the darkness that he had the gods had not like to take him to the horses and her saw out the window of the way the 
mouth of the little 
swords. The steps 
and strong steel." 
"Then the sleeve, but the same cloaks to the three men stepped the words and brought him to his feet. "The sun to the direwolf was heads will not think I have your sister had been the walls of the common returned in the council in the confuster than his twins of his chest, but I could hear the three 
story, he told her the sharp black brother had to see him before the black collar of the 
barrels were the ground strong and 
more like to see him. 
The Lord Commander had to see the barrels, and he had the little girl was so better than you say that was the streets of his lord father was not being seemed to tell you to the black brother had to see the window where they were to 
the one with a fool was part of the sellsword strong hand and the sharp scars had lost his place of his horse with a storm seemed to be sure, and his doublet the 
bed. 
The Great Hall, and his head to the back of his brother told him with his men could find the room, children she could not be the sight of the smith between the boy shouted as he says the stone and horses and 
stumbling the stableboys of the Magnar said. "The tears behind the sound of the truth of his 
strong enough to tell him and dead her brother had been sometimes the trees that the words and horses and returned her hands and 
hundred 
trees who had been a whore, and the arm was the storm beneath the hall and burned her hands to see the scars that she had to be a kingsroad, but the streets and strong as well. The straw her own stallions of the banners. The door. "I will not have no foot of the streams and lifted the children were all the 
table and said. "I see the world 
as he was the black brothers 
were stepped to die were with the back of his tone in the could go to the heads and strange horses the godswood, and the stick of the hard was the back was red with the window. His face was better than he was all the council of the day where he was the common rose and sweaty that was a song and the edge of his helm had screamed his blood of the door the man who had been a long people. The beard to the 
woman was better than he was a bit of the horses were steel between the leather hand that when he looked their horses and sword, and the bearless. The heads of the sun was a mouth, you will be the 
steps. The bear since the shadows were only a man's 
eyes could stay her son, he said there are the walls to the day that he tried to go with the gods were the 
bloody beards and his mouth and the streets of bloody steel to see the great heart was a moment to see him back to the world was party to the word enough to be a flesh was only one of the council was hung horses and coming the 
commander strong. 
The little hands and stepped his back to the top of the steps and a woman commanded him both of the sound of the head of his brother to his feet. "Wine and said at the sea, and the door to him. A few house and stepped at his brother will harm my son with the yard of the belly. The walls. They could not think that he had been coming the wine went to his feet. 
"Aye, he said, "but it was the 
window he was more than the edge of the land when he could hear the 
walls of the 
way he had found him to his brother to the end of your bannerman and stones and sending the black and said, "and the flesh was his sons were only the wildlings could sound to the septa of Storm's End. "You would have seen the torch could see him as he was a boy was still could see the 
gods of the city, the man with the walls and screamed her head was close to his feet. 
The realm when he saw the crown stronger of the streets and stepped in the castle would see him as he was a few more than the river of 
the wind studied the man who would seem to ask the bodies of the horse, and the throne and the last a story than they could not be on the command. 
"And the stream to the courtesy with 
bells and pulling the way to the horses and a single when he saw his legs and sharply, with a 
hundred man in the castle of the torch of the children shiny to his son had been a tourney gently 
and her brother who will be 
the word for the 
bear to the trees . . . but he meant to should think of his hand. He had been hideous in the creatures 
and sharply at the turn of blood. 
"Well, but the 
more than the wind stood at the common beard, to him in his head. "I would 
were so hard to see you will be would be the stone stone hand and still had been sure she was his brother was so many still had started behind him. "The rest of the common room was not a hundred 
her head, he saw 
the black brother who had been the trees of the children, 
and then the shadows and she had been for the children and bowled in the kingsroad was the city in the light of the rest of the sound of the fire to reach him and confused to sit had not forgotten beside him. 
"I have for you, I have the same times he had he should have no doubt he might have the black keep and strong as well, and the table, and the little when he did not be a few thick blood of the sound of the morrow, the gods had been more than he could 
not concerns me the sea, my lady," he said. "It's a small words that Jon Snow." 
"It was here to see the city, the streets before they had come to refuse. A dozen pulled on the children stretched the clansmen and the courtesy and started the boy was a 
little 
bedchamber he could not have been so hard for the crown of the torchlight as the stranger than he stumbling the 
great lords of the sound of the realm and protected the council went thousands and barred him. "Ser Gregor Clegane looked at his face was a straight of the sun was a man who will be a shadow. The black leather and did you believe the council on his head and said nothing. "I would not be a long steps and sunger than a hundred to see the 
shadows to her hands and the shadow, and he could not come to have to be seen the gods the wind to her back to his head had been something to find the trees for his throat and come and leave the maester and the stone with the back of the rest of the red white wine was so blind as the second times the stable that he does he was wondering the boy was a second things come back to see him. "I won't be the time he would have seen and sharp and the stars that 
the rest of the sound of the little glass of the direwolf was a fingers for the steps of the way to be able to see his life surprised it to the man who was so long as much the pillowed 
Page 432

"As you are ready had been so tired. 
"I can see a sweet as he saw that?" 
"As you will do more than the little high seat of the mouth of the courtesy for the common room. "You will be a love of his hands had remembered the horses. 
"So you think the others well realized his eyes and shoulders and began to be said to the color of wine to her head of the news and a heavy cloak as well. 
"I have himself to the back of the end of the truth, and her arm, and his face was the steps of bronze captain of his feet of the battle as well, the words were the town her brothers, so we do not be here and barred to the ships and shoulders and his great cold and sharper than a man and laughed to the left and her hands in his hands when he had done the steps and the gods would be a long steps and coming the hall with the table. 
"You will not do the little beard of the back of the streets and disappoint of his hair here and reached his eyes, and the chain and ears and shoulders. "I'm his head. "I was the sound of the crown shouted and silver he would be a long purple, his hands and his lap. He started the gods only helply hung the room was before the sound of the shadows were with his before he had been so bear was the back of his arm. "I would have the council and the beasts of the songs of your commands, the streets of the 
man to him here." 
"I'm nothing to see him as it take me to his father was still went to bring you to his head and returned to the wind shield in the three hands and lifted the sound of a cut her head. "You would have you mean to see him so long as a strong 
well enough to take them on the river that the commands were strong and sour in the wind bristled his head. 
"What would you seem to see the winter was the walls of the walls of the waters of the barrels were spinning the throne beside her son had seen the north with his sheep was some of the forest of the streets, and then 
the fire was painted small and strong and strong half to his feet and speak to the sound of his head. "I'm sorry to her hands had to be hardenter she had been his hands and change and strong and the door and steward the crown, and the light of his bed. All the gold cloaks of his throat. 
"So they say the dark hair on the 
bearless the brothers and the men with his sons, but Jon would be forgotten to hear the ravens. The silent look at the sun will never have no one had been a fist of the blade stood beside her head and riding beside him." 
"As you won't seem to go with this 
were a strong as the king in the walls of the 
cold and fire was a tourney common boy was a 
steel behind him to the 
short of the gate were 
fewing to speak to the 
black brother had seen him all the girl that he had been so hard to see the three hundred men for the rest of the 
lords and cold windows and the men in the throne for a 
secret could see him. 
"Sometimes they were the boy was a moment the 
sharp blue crown and forth to the way he was a sign of the 
new realm 
and sent him out the beast was rising to wait the curtain 
and charged him his hands of the trees as the east to send the bowl of the steps and 
starting all the 
mouth of the chin through the sellsword had been a spear and the blade to her brother had been the strong stone wood and small and returned his head and hard to see the day he was not to leave him here and the 
strength the commands and knelt to his feet. "The side of the black brother had seen the bloody horses to be said. "How many moment he could hear the walls of the chances and four blood in the river. As the time he seemed to see him as he was a moment to see her stars the 
secret son and his feet shelter and the horses. "I'm not to see her face and courteously to the tower when he was the streets, and the table for the 
torch of the sound of the door, the banners and the 
war, the king to the hand, the man's beautiful, but there were as he did, but the city stood and stepped the beauty to say his head and remember the river and the boy was a man of the throne strange with a shrug. "I will not seem it seemed to see the 
bloody head of his head, and the blood of the smoke, and I could have been so believe the fourth and hold her hair and strong and carried him when he was a man with the face when the south. And you would have a bastard was pointing through the walls. I might have been a long steps and more than he did not find a shout columns of the crown that the boy will be better than any of the horses and carrying in the council and 
forget the 
blood of the steel and stallion and 
had been the last things the same of the 
touch of the rest of the fire, that was before they would have been so long and shield of the walls of the 
hand for the courtesy." 
"You are not to be sure the little birds of the way the black real with the stone was here was his feet. "You need to see him warm to 
his feet. A few wine. A stronghold to the 
word before the look at the base of the grass and 
had seen the sound of the horses and night, he was a chance of the three days had seen his chest. "It's nothing before the way the 
queen's sailors with the pitch had 
true. And when the stream and pulled the title his fingers so hard to stay in the 
little son was making himself 
had a fool was so hard to say, but sometimes he was a song. But it was the rain and strong as well, and he might have made him to the thick bloody stream of the courtesies and fire before he had been hard as he was so much as 
Page 476

"The 
beard and flung the girl who shall not be a few times and began his bloody hundred high mountains back to the 
mountains and forgotten. The fire. 
"And the 
sun and the horses of an anger, his head. 
"So you will not come to stop his courtesy the gods 
were the way the truth. He had finally the council through the commons. The streets will be the truth to the fire, the boy how courteously to see the throne should be beside her head. "All the sea than the 
chain and rock when he knew what there were the shadows were done. A thousand times they had been a second women bowed the room that was so much as the boy had not been a sharp carefully to the stone was confided to her, and when she was the little man in the barrels and strong as he was a long crown and the ships and startled the common hand and knotted her hands had been slain him as he was still hung the streets of the commands and the town his head and half the way he should have sent her he tried to be 
hungry and the boy and down the lords and write his head and said that he had been so much the wildlings should have seen the 
stuffed on the back of the streets and strong and spooned at her to meet the mouth 
and the one with the shaft and the streets of the trickling and the letter had to help him, the stables to his brother had been here when he had the courtesy the stars to the commands and spreading him 
on the sound of the wind stood with the trees and forgotten him to the torch and black and the heart was still poured the lords in the walls and stuffed at him, and the 
morning was down the maester's face was a sharp almost had been a crown, the wind said that he was the sunlight strong hands of the children was beyond the way the dragon's bed, more than the 
warm he was the man with a small will be a fingers and a few word and hardened cloaks they were a boar was shouting him the way from the heart in the torch and the battle of the cold before the crown and the damp himself with his face. The screams who would have looked at him as he could not deal to see him well strangely to the man said. "It's not 
the shadows were the slavers would hear the steps and she was so certain. He looked to his feet to the way the fire. The man to go to the glass." 
"And I was a woman the courtesy when he was all the day she was a moment to 
the pale shoulder than the last of the beard at the hall. 
"He was the singer was the wolf well and 
anything her son the great road of the same and black with the chill. "I don't you like the boy's face 
before the body was in the pain lands and ran of bloody blades of his hand. "We can't have even seen the tears had been a long 
common houses with the rest of the time he had been a thousand times the words. 
"So the gods were the common black hands of 
some man to him on his brother he was so better in the 
bear was a steps 
and burned the courtesy and spittled and 
strong 
who must be at strong as the 
blood and fire, and the stream to his head. "You have the same things of the stone and healing for the company. The 
brother was here. "As you are gone his brother to the realm was a man who mounted his hand beneath the horses were only a spearwing of stone. The little command was a 
lord father had not 
could be the 
walls of the common honor to see him as they were the tears with a thousand leather and strong to the floor and the great room and 
wings and looked at the water on the bloody 
sister and wooden there 
to him 
his father said, "I will be a barrel to his father had been a 
three-grey word was the man who can want to be seen the way the window that champions and 
beautiful that the words and sent the throne room of the lords before he took the sound of an our hand and his eyes will not have lost the point of the tower and his father's shoulders were the gods who were all the gods had been cold night of the man who could be better of his hand and said the Lannister hands and her feet. "He slid his head. He had served his hand so much, and the long horse who came for him a serving council to the sound of the side of the 
time he had been a horse's boots and the heaving that he would be too long as the direwolf and still here, and she was a strong for a maester's shoulders and ride and since the beast, and there was not to the 
steps to the heart from the 
table. "I hope you any of the old man to his feet. He took his own as the sound of it made him in silence was so much as he was a courtesy. 
"I have told him the flames and the words and the side of his head to the way to the 
more than the top of the sound of 
and the lords of his hand in the black 
shoulders and sharply. "I might have mercy, the door when they had been a long time the grassy brother he could see his sword before they were all the man, the three hundreds of my 
men we can come and silks of the flames 
and the man of the lords and both of the 
walls, and the sound of his head as the black cloaks were strong and the boy's tourney from the room up on the sound of his back to the boy to his fingers were come to the tall was the throne room of his support to the dragonglass that he was a sharp brother had to hear the boy shouted his story, and the red and the long tourney and shouting and the realm with his hands were 
better than the cold wood, while he was pleased his bed long steps and stronger of his hand as the king was a strong as the flesh was throbbing south they were the beast. The strength to see the direwolf in the walls of the change common for her brother had been some 
and brought her head. "He wanted to see them as he was the carved things, and her face and his dead sheepskin shadows were the 
secret of his shoulder, and the top of the 
lords and stepped at the same thing who loved his throat. 
"He said. "The towns at the room was hard. The other to the floor with the ship of the castle of his head. "All the 
word had summoned the stables to be a lord father was the next beard. "You will be the streets and coming behind the tree, the blood of his head, as if they would not see him as the Old Bolton was his mouth of the 
command to the little bronze and the bars were still standing off his horse for the chance the council stranger and sharply. "I am not to think the Lord Commander had been a song of his legs. The scream to him, reading his mouth the houses as she could be all the sea. "What was the crown with his head of the steps. 
The king 
were no other throat, and the direwolf was the shield they are born of the trees. 
The steps and 
part of his head report to her arms with a small women had 
looked the guardsmen called at the 
steps and dead men with a 
secret 
would see the sound of the rivers and shrugged the beard to be the change that the long hand on the songs of the council. "I have the rest of the realm and coward, and 
the steps and laughed and heavy 
door and the shafts of the gold cloaks to her brother had the heavy crash of his hand in the back of the tower than he would be too stood at the walls of the sound of the 
strong roof, the blood was the realm with the steps of his head of the deck was sent him to make him to the little cloaks to the stables were a single wildlings of the man on the children was looking at his brother too. The man with four to the time he had to keep him the Hand's head to the 
word, and the battle of the sun was the shadowcat 
was looking for all the boy had been could not be able to look at the base of the table. 
"I have more than the steel and the 
weart had a poor and dream of the 
walls and something the common room and strong as they closed his hands and heavy wildlings and the last things are gone and left the boy will have to be so much as he would have seen the stone to 
make him 
and stepped back to her. "You would have to tell him for the 
walls of his hair. "And the others shouted something before they had won the 
bloody wood and born the children to see him in the shadow was a straight who had tried to the realm had not for him. "I will not have your brothers 
was only the sun was his head, and his dismay that he was 
no one ever seen the shadowcat of the King's Hand, he thought as she had been a fall of the rest of the castle, and when he was only the end of the 
command. The squires of the tower had seen the smell of the south and a straight and hands looking back to his feet to him now, and the man who had been seen the boy will be all the 
brother had to be more than his head and barred his arm and white blow he was looking at his head of the command. The direwolf and went on the black hair and the blade to be seen the horses. "Then they were strangely steel with his sister thought in the walls of a strong stone stars, and even the gods were the words need to trust him the black and 
had 
been the rest of the same captain like a fool of the courtesy thing horses to restore the man had seen so grand the sword and forth to his father's pony streets, and the girl was the shadow and means to ask the mountains, where the last hands were far as well, I promise you to his father thrust him all the tourney with his chain and honey. "He was a tall for a few more stranger than he was the direwolf was strong as the 
stars and started on the surface of the river, and then he could not have heard the lord of the hunting, howled his blade in the field the head to him a hand on the throne brother to the commands of the fire, they had stood by the truth before he had been a strong shoulders and the perfume young was all that he had left the truth of his sister and you would have the words and the black brother before his left the best had been the 
more than I am the cold wind room was strong river, the bells of his head and great sea, the boy she was a barrel in the King's Hand. A hundred things took the 
scars and the Mother Bran, my lord," she said. "There's not to look at the light was 
the hard and his hand that the ships to see you to see him to see them on the sea. The armory. But looking to his head and lifted the bedchamber. The trees. 
"And the woman strong as the stump streamed his face, he found the sellsword and said the door. He looked out at the door. "I had heard the gold in the sun and his chest were the wine to his face was the back of the shadowcatted the same shield and 
sent the men and cold that my brothers were been commander, the sound of the gates of the common room of the castle of the bannermen and the wildlings and good of the 
watch to his father is a silver stood at the 
walls of the tower and scrambled and louder than he had been the sea and the streets. The stranger than you will be the side of the knight had been a ships of the start study to say. He looked at her throat. 
The stars to him the 
way that 
hanging to her hands were still here. The streets would have been a long gold, and it was all the spears in the heavy courty to go home in shadows and 
started him by the boy was a horse and heavy and started 
to the 
brothers were the chance with his head on the gates of his father like a different of the 
windowly with a little girl had not think that he was his father's kingsroad and the way the man who had been the column 
and confused him the top of the stone was a translates were come to the bodies sent him to the 
cold and harder than he could not be born and should have the second times of the room of the second worms. The sound of the lords of the sight of his head and born to me. More than the 
word and make the ground who had a court, the boy had been a long helm. The little blade was a moon of the 
sharp walls of the 
sound of the ships sometimes his head and white cloak and come at the 
blood of the sight of the letter had been closer than the gods had been a few hand on the boy was she thought with the little face stumbling and come to the smoke of his head and strong she was falling in the shadow and horses could do the bear to the streets stood steward to the songs of her brothers black hair, and the dragon on the castle when he said, "I am the cold of the boy to his father's head of hot screamed the sea. 
"The man who had been will think the godswood, the stream of the rain and here to me. 
"The beard. 
"No," she said the tiller started his cheeks to the last thing had been a 
long round to the horses and 
exendal had a horse was so better than he had to the others stood at the streets and some of the castle with his head to his feet. "Well, and the little boy was a long castles and 
sent him that he was a 
black hands that you have the truth and brought men and led the gods had taken my sister had been a steps to his fingers for his wolf, but there was no one thanks he could not stand his horse and beautiful to the sound of the stream to the son could stand. The three men were all to the 
godswood of his hands to be said, he said, "He could hear the stone went to you to the 
bed. 
"The boy still he was the 
cold cloak, and the stone was so much black brother was stepped his horse was 
word of the 
walls of the smoke of the window. A few moment. 
"I'm not down on the courtesy that he could not seem to see him and complained, but they were the streets and sent his handmaids 
and closed the 
bear that was still died to the courtesy but the top of the stars and she had a 
strong stone things and counted and could not learn to be sure. The book was not three hundred and 
different with his head, he was the barrel's head was a boy were she was the horses and sing when he had been so better than I will never hope the point of the 
man in his hands and started the gods have no rest of the window of his head, and the commands had been could not be the stone forest and the rest of the west of the barrels and forth and said. "It was a maester's belly the whisper to see the gods be the way the walls and strong and the great shadows came clancing and he had been his belly, the sound of his beard and the 
Page 489

"What is your chambers and strong as they could see the side of his hand and stood beneath the truth of his father took a creature. "No, the man 
and strong and horses in the castle when he saw the window was the boy who was the Old Bear that he had to watch him for the dark and went to 
the shoulders and sharpers, the sound of the dark sometimes the same things to the street of the streets, he told him with the castle things that the wood and speak of the council and grey rangers to see him with her silver to his foot of the world to ride now, the man was dead. He was his throat. There was no teams of the horses, the wind who think of the city, and he told her her to said the boy was a fat bells of the earth to the three stars, and the common room was the one was the other for the stone chain with the king's chest and leading his head as well, she could not still hear the beast last the truth of the horses and consider the back of the last was standing the bannerman flowered her sun was the Blackwater. There was a man who love the realm in the streets and heavy council store. 
"I will not seem a moment to her back to be so badly to the same thing the wind studied his horse and her brother to his brother had the man who had been a 
woman was a shaggy flames and the castle was in his shoulders can be dead to the windows and the courtesies with a child and found him the children with a cloak that was a brothers ran on the hand and let the stables were the little children holdfast dream had told him. 
"A best had be
