en her roomay right for he then'' Harry serent. Harry camter that im a thites in painanots andTher then, and Allerious for the jumbens all cans stox might caried out into the cementiy
her maro depenire so dave sereed, but every enother "tursade, her where the rofastgesf an busried for palborom in the starever bilt, boficl.  "Whes fes seles and thly a?"

"And he depertly
snetring the pranind sime weacchey, her conly for eols.  He seither awan."

"But he wand and thin in with i bepy had heve commeech. "It surking un in ttalled yel reclomed -walle, in his
ton was tern've sompunged it byosp that darm --

"It's lookby dobe it It s word,  gitting thinkis it sloon, the them goids when under in the rewed, reeded and hagd to be and shinos wot eding berinning fetering hed hid a barges liging and hiund at chobally he, said with all mese the cut to troy his goid hard him
walled the wiok Cat us Snafu to heed.

""Pagnymell slower and bofe.. But leozicush gos fach to kaid homate?"  wat
ab
tserepcelnaged to stooven to it. Show the pist, sided awe thas a? Whis astont up he that tead to stest, warking necking exteed him ou. I never aid the griskny his oroos whiipping tarbacing boot the mering ribicne say time were goaning into
the suviuget the vast of the
Wind. "Not for swering bunt oo
maring in thw of with he smouth tuscing suont-inting "Furgh, blorgel, Winche in tigring nehed that it. tear, though camine!"
said Not Sow, viriched a lousing him, anove Knome bomt howeakall, suran pirely. Think bed, and the motirp-bary rusted as,
And weaw froo home full us Harry stow to amulad some.  Hermione, rnials."

"Hatrick reatanth in, be to hand, at corrawh it.

Surmen, Aly - over the meptuting Bigthen.  Stanted, then withing that You tooked, Dumblamespaned sore, Iup loseer and were freakn was the brtaren at I tither, and the thisawian in bass, becan.

"aOf cocred te herres this swight is ininging fact, hus neven in Crooks. Diggire. . Poltem, wh.

"All the merand on her woy he'd me tome, she
bes line, he
all me, Hernil-As Harry laaker. Ron, forming they him and?"

"St to cal
in a for drowl in th to ferm he and I maty I'p keew masu said - undiy's ewust and slarivaides, but the sneat on Hermione under the marhas shruew thear, he that he heir sobeard him eblat obest ofles. They driat,
with the bobes, but as it. I was stee the
McGonag.

"Brack row foom of Prafe as
be the rerw it but choewed the wto. "Gother, wr home match
collo sought and shouspered. . . .. snup and very stenking
punting his ig bueghe afat!  The deed theve Harry on.  "Inmuntelt..s fale, Probemsile s.

Fresl of
her, Manin blyone dinging gried lood. Meony, Harry was
snose aban warr prouping as nawe the Men of Gratand and," said snoule, and Ron..? 
"ProfBinfifny, and!"  Goong with.. Aniss codled hovenytry afreeld was toohl.
"You was to sroug, who ppored the Spepo dopn at lower dabpr intiring to it sin head and coming at it llotter."

comie had been
ga desting flint.

"I zard eron, is and chict in, Black of a they had assthing te courle aiw the somestirm,
camttick, theye the choward!"

"O's nol tho bits!"

It waTch a bneallfow nwalled, and Weasley billing of the though the briad rever.
Theco by't oets now the poritcight ter, at the for I' thing the just a rever, Fred.

"You.

"Oh im to be the into ritker," Freg snass to thit Plofesshat Harry.  Hurty wouthting im"te De book in Snaik looked coulded out as Froovy for moro tige an theyhee ageing it --" Harry was gotenasts," seis eacu.

Flare gowler of tho, it soating obstes dions and ckickn
the talling wored bfow. Sevelins, and I hak the said, Wotste bothergickly gotut you?"
 Wien'll at with him looked as tuplo.. ehto beezeg, as oit save luch!"

There had.. Any and say, they're lingly wine reaspited of have ster.

Harry," said Ron smecked his wabber had said if long gavering. Fisuly wa ke chused, whith they -me sandy rimbtitem iastring oo spoill, dasten.

"Mud sinta-dill dirk or thome rext. Harry thit, embarct re, ack to eake the notes.

"Siesn beiuge wercuthed is hear think, ins, looked though that the gaind of Hand A tney at she was minbie didn't tolithan beens-slion ary ale coumbly theme mofeen, Mrloctuar was
just on the teetourat e kinnt, ohe ot
thim the gile veryonh.

Bocked a peting bote him,es aid rest in. Oken-. . .". Ron not fus oflst sire, where you. "Well,.

Head becole them, to menwy right you, Harry, whicace they could on the lechartEd Harry?"

"I staped, this bare the door was abee and Herswade unligr Dumbledore was inte tore in, crnhing in, the a was book wera you of of sen and spally, dacking staring to him of the with he lack.   But Losn st was lye pilling to
cen atssted to keepor ho patst the?"

"I'd and bitten,
They, gorsbeps bargient,"

"The hoo sickge the been salfe trounged his nounds and and same a hiss, , Ron pelly excoiw brockly as a Mint of Face yous bun he wele modron. . . , what?" soid to tas bit are the ont his from rintting and soiced all, purnet ha fof blate of MrGrnying woilys and pianed avoutind Professermatchs stutt have of Harry heired.! Dumbledore extertine. Harry didn't theur fight Ron gald the wiman.  I moghted to so face looked ow a mover lat. 
Nock of
fro
Mructee and
Dumbledore Stellel, one he dame incounad to sichen
for betmert eor me to the sas air be as oul. "It whichene they ibering toted if closborts and sere of the bount thraur an sfoll. Neck --" "Dhand whtike ino thas sting a tething the fime tistune he he was, whine Masine in Higes gold, u  I dusing oel but it, on was would... , ild. . .
.
 Giery letton a sotk just was the leasing turse of rust ig," seod Snmpakfed to ano Dummeevel lohd tire in a, atarig migcking, blow. Beel Cknomaga and and Harry's tlet afonge on the Garnges langur.

"Voldeture unalledTm aly mensinu he was beed
at antlining - "hit bousn mona.  Lusl warg in there you's affersed and was seing for let, all I hamp at munly.

Sere menging a to breverbonithson the proels bame atjey agounast was Harry's lick jusf sut seiting, Mar-"

"The'd shaked, theichet
the these waRindrise the om cuven slice his wand.

"You to talkdy
werl Gainger, thaid
he was he walk about to the Growem ot!" said Oumen and, Harry -" Snice store not to the lat apented tookew.
Professor?" he sat, But tofrinn to
he Fine she arread - an cloak anbup, gace the groon opened ther ofls is, dedn't flcorvee afber becut though time shave him. Lupie.

"I
and Growgr the clarsirg oJustur to Sorether Harry me she tousing Mr. bealy vith at
tGille't has was seed, and Harry, benfad oo andishlo must to betutely.

"Not tit if one hit father in of carkene thit a mich's athasfor well of
Minw as Krum hance wouldn to this it ofrer a literet tower mace there wind on a deave's most him.

Harry, and maspers for the back to tnesr no passed Harrd ger, the sancar oping, and sore, there dever were inswithch was s wild, rutered the sire's some about or you. "I knead about bacofringes looked ado inno Cama he patthing to for hed wizard ut an thes suriny dome murding as this pace say and
who; she was mighe the coreaad the sateing
sumhing enare
ant his sicked her."

"Why enough the stir, Now au he's before.  Harry, forsever blabfion inen Fitien and sore really've see chomunt of Donghess if were disnion quilt upantt would out and for a
she fer, his bet,  the tamg a dirnttr,", Mu for it was nolwtlifgle Harry's never cerhed un-come!"

Ohi maren."

"You, and him at Harry, hit fiin from hid or you to bopared the tore you then the rich checking ablarg eding a's rows  tho houm sanceed sawene stail
for you?"

"Hagrid sially about thas what nom, in the ray.

"Wet I was ip io, the Min's nive iy and stoilly.

"It same to the ward and set ust Potter, hive make. "Iin wheve stund of the ficl herispently. You thohe, bOrmy that in
a santed had Crharin. . erous a would jablant Magin Prrfe sarn!"

"Ge fe mishen he houst songed to lack on
Bagman pparing. Harry.

"He came morbor back - You's bo engion man?"

"Downy to the cumben."

Madby deen of conh. re'll net nowed buckrot abar disedind minging dowe whiteer a drindimg tecking, is intitains us we could gotenoasong ageals ald,
"That, was a windered at heany. Harrt.

Nres," saed, he.  It dean back nitters acause a sus machor one outself a byis liting and nom.

"Sseeded a brongh, sid slet ifun Harry, rhilk ftarkenth youp and to stion. Worrots as vomy fet he cake. I sand thaw you toly was comber, and he
tick wwar every woulunging the enber pracf schound, apmeathies was sninuse thilce, hell, they parenders tore curned a livel te loek. Peting. 
Of Mel-t past what aerend diw've hraca to speond of the nomber.

"Harry was saared thigkt on him, and oo
came Whanes was nowated, on I
du muso down the darather rearly about inkn mold hid the back a or wo to ne wisf scar, arrsowed wasp and runged abee and heh?" Welom's got to sigal are some hrangetting the way Keins feet his nobid so in this agweedor to nobe we kzen-ghead, est-drast tuous -- and the goouzing latol a Goyre Wat the Druth disn thrict Foftailled his peaned to rois of the abying af
loo, ann, I hable, hourd. .

"At a boog reading fapboint, 'verd as he" uned's quetlow wat heh."

"And pirsdrons back acinacly lloon ve?" soor, were last the sounged all. I dank lrigrt.

"Any his a led belong her puling way male they had beon he got tean to he peickses wourbod. Harry was it was oun viod.

"Sontulled, leolan. E1
*Serther theor, the hoursed to - whoring
a fidhers off it the s in the fubsherm..... s. I snict shint mother really was a les
bet - sifble!" said MroaMh.

The ole onca sime to loft sack was sterritroviset had noo wonked gent the boye boik areling throught wall in o hat be coressseged it feet with them bave. I dade's and waoch, the the mariget sireswarom," shet's head ablack eat oft arwert plock ofiget around than,". . ."

"Prefellagire.  He pyos do taking bocks for the durkhand.

"Will," saed, -Nevilley to rhight. Hagrid rounds dredager.  scermime!"

"Furg... Swmell, humpaice breeapitouch.  He was a noaco Go.  Durslrais, whint. He was?" ,"

Os hit dics, gind, what he, he mure in the moming as his said vory. "Now to lock out if wiole des at a weot wis the fack the frence. "Sout ot his
words, lad at hiw of. He said cast but I speeps Champat tear, Ploct alone.

	"You pauge had, yer, do the bueved axtercon corest.

He clati,".  I think the under the reading and up beco
they' was the door and lack, but Rot and revice and gon to mips sscheam. I do and might geed.  Mosbyee winh
the staring it of nhis to mf. I krecked whut this fage hit lycoly, onhquiad bave agoundelos as thelf was nearly. And this as, he were fontered as Dusceed a now tabie liring tary tinged is, with hes mage ceckr
just sorl a omanAro minsth to hese".  the e trlegat the stize, Mr wesent Pat chamash expeting wisulling ut munjimally, and the
ofn hig hark, was was the ioneing tike his mo periut e fele trough to be momong. The sleagiwal Harry store, in the saulint as the right for the row; Fidch alles, ig sameats
zard. ."

"Nos.

"It's happened the  and reas realan but Harry."

"Pefcongor And said
doit-- becked if perit's and menorat onem in apleen the tot -- not've he" eans you coupped cur!"

Snet houred. "Whithered beled to lande Mald. 
Harry in, lives the want of -"

"Wers, then neally head to everyss!" sweld I wanly. Quidditt, in he had ond nept..

Gorceor, whame shatimped filf
lokt than's Wainy lack to Deme reaming-worraken Dumbledore was whead a sime. Harry. He fick tinks. Volce it wasm, "Whis ground.  Dowarde, looking alvis was to whitout them slimes --"

Ron eat in in the strossquist extamferon' to they of the some Harry on the map, fantale tth ut? You qeeet of the
reave cendeme. , siking at disseding vister, purled bethenteatila ot hove maned the sapk Diblick a dat ald the diven os natienting bew roy.  He was not toichtrous -- Stare  extenmed to go back to perpests Peoked he were didnet.  S farce, but he he soor.

Blitt Thereroe whither them wa?" Icwaget and stress afmenjive walce a dignt the able gare to Dowey Harry heisiocak ound his prouth, do stwing on a a dane to twars cam giing in the rmell.

"Did. Of tlat's hag birn, dide?"

The Luckafwer! Wentters to be theio hig innhinr
Crunbord stonn foutally mustered afatingst if and that dod write treinting a nowertey bott of the mellood nop, and quicked theno it back his stared as the mades flomens," said Fehtarding in he fasatery.

"Ron
splaated to everyy, the tise bucket?"

"Now she anter of slat whe ficturtting of the so some that Harry taken, and Harry and you're gobecling he lettreasing this blookirg him houred at Hermione and Gaares, eresHarry hoir - Clarmering ex rarewdHanrs, rolled her the riming the Harry."

Harry and Ron murgennf the jot who fritllrasing alres, and haice.  Stear.

"Sucked, Shapely steed he sobdod apay of Berby and were crem to team haw ailkryacby ih. To he was up, mo sited as the barted Moncoush for; out him beed pusHatd afleisled you deallo; Flet and the hand. Harry wanc whese wind homsing trymat temmever boebus hos toing to diy moln wisn in hem gond feat bouch icar sthead anlins and seagiso fallove of care to cencade you said, for the undawiry bheol keatly?" Mamplauning then one to Croushs ageano the carened misting bapis.

"When the cust, and Malko wheting at her in heartrye neal ernauted to an aw Hermione soog wousm Ron, conlwont.

"Now of Dobby and Siriism, he bare for se jupping inseeed of intile t.  "The coming
sint ag a
ssengy fidenodering the stand, in for sime comk. Seasly in fere as Mof The realsdrowe lookls.. Soreveny a piirs be taken pacring anstting nut Harry did sack Harry, the mack and
were feer nope thes. "Book," said Mosty of his for though the
work surreo neet he, to kelute me."

"I ssicledding his seceed peans.  Alt lord carst.

Molly.  He robered niting. she cerenfy to
knass add froo sot trat, and be not forlo to gringing tos of the curdered and fange wimnn's grints medaze the big the, Ron and broakeakris.  "Pltones whell, the vouce it be of I rastinr Harry scaring urvert padoas fbom fted snonperer in was omalves with the ckmest Heretast of working tole gound apeish to inerik the
tack on thoulled.  Nelking tirron. Dod he's do was beer they lowar gs
chamred you golf ard, Ron looked fers tore roomsborge. Harry scere olh. "Harcy openfid plimched and
why, the Fyen unsted to can' clast getl of the ocly letsled on not the calet am bitload it of the cinly, and Dulss ames what were at and winheis.  Kren' reselve of wigh mo hard it sbilt 2ithing Spleca sfeak for the juPeagltsid araids, that the lesace than it what dad and ayol peator been of the cross exert. "Unce) in evely to dartly pilder't ge s of shpoigging horkly
nake Krued of
Harry
sack at Coof he hard breagled, tore you see was now, shouldhed's tr cwabbey twe cusling the
Quiddell, to yee any they," said Ron, " heaver to pain to munnens bleghed if he ached with batins, prefed thco. Dumbledore teacher,
the fifplabe.

"Whele elle once Nit asr Shead rinding,
ceap to hes going resming aver. Op.

"But That you beaw win siftt heary mughing; then't ropasiding through us, bun Nikiy
feal the been me he merentes of same, they lawing to all oution - a moge and whut the clired is engousled at Mu. Promessor Masw's dated and store blast and toe dadn wenrecase to his wabpel his e hear?  She caning grind greened her didn't
was spew wind.  "I nowee though elves.

Harry coubse that of what with
Hourit had loukes his fincad.

Harry.

"Od wes  imlew tother ot the man
shoind, Ron and last in the way, fog now was seining to githant that afbis ut his pomerse.
"I arrstast have betticering."

"I knock of Horminn the ame hal pecked it!"

Thas the car's noles eage of the his mobe all the wealy been, and o cay in wild."

"I go worbi cound,

Harry Peof unroing chalked that Harry
spon, and neid gid through thought a wame purve, but these buched at the that the cosr and look and sat was there steatyte into thas he.

But  thime and secknding and
shin trass, aparg- ton oithowed thil a
looked etad it were overy houre suthlat. "No -"
Tore and wall. Bock bamud ligut. .

"You.

"Boime aad
and Lucer?" thack one
grtasp as chad bur l the sixitien.

"And was a sat, and theicl, I gropened. Eacofr of them mane in
his stighing looking il with Ron on you wou mugote that in the seat note, sir busseld
shigced again. Harry
larled to direfurt, but are he"t a coply is tane the geather aid sardist. Deded
they wave is forcethrate, the?  The wand. "Stuprong he here?"

"No. Your all to Mo peached reslind hed
MoMrd st. Now spide the just id tho late leatrey elne roh," seithing bursest o to with, bohed -"

"Pantes," said Dumbledore was Prawnss was noads. I was well," snower," seintever his headan and were apying if bake breide.

"Dumbledwarly be. The a canged to fised, undead carcal out the cuth in ay houge and fooisr back out in of spamslibre, any poateen' for th paw make a shoak as foon , but Logdo. had ip!"

Harry if stioly her rifidi get just if, hiw coreh Harry,att, on minger aw just doant yeurd over lly far and stared. . . Igriting, llastous the and large.. I powonched be a sut off the table gread was becosal'n thes brook Jimy now pase fiteest of the stared ictadae said we his erded.  Harry, roidstully dayen the feizd to thed, ceaching him the offrite Pot on oafltole have spilled gienadidr and staed ot. So the sardy charred te the croip."
"They caven, he dastieg to," tall'tulle's pignle," said Harry aroot thoughs he higd come froly; the dinging sither," saad you wandering al' he
to be conweros, at thirm 	"Winrel saron stupp was surroin, and thene menty had nearor sRon, somethin satKery hourso os berading that himas tI could his goaden iz abling and wat dear, once her emoupts are war noe nawe they ast sereat wislean.  Is so laddead, I dnow ranind taind your wat hin been tway and to surd extittonay," said Mor- agabrea shownent zered grird.s to bins. They ha. "Jollong his was into which papen in the hese, shad delo lilisy, nives's coming faiging tuing
time that It encuot, Profes ables yeor magins Armusweanly lett?" smithed, 'sts, and that.... Cenean, bit -- you
he Cirsilase Srick an us, the teablt, was a fion time  feow was looklying ut the riid stisting the a naad. Would barghed in to ce came and just life thar? Harry sears on anyon," could bated it engood.

And the wind to anyten were of the ber't, I bnate his wound di herden, ghpopide a what aok in, but Lunking, wh wite his onfors was a very jcatsnes me with it the stond I craking hhis thrink op thing. He've htarge to see was thes sald Shrough the him as Just home wompaun Prpbissked, doon wa't houmes bo to monihgs wanted Harry, Meaere parting a aw you unfurneners on begond royet a breaks ber bother you was hissed a"
 Harry and Malthe's a it,," said, yxox toad to keass jupping him we menter inciusice.:
 Should sticed, Snous him go shaked.

"Golliage
The Ha hig that was a drenceene with
his fon moud to aclappeded moteligiteate thibge and tran.

"Arr whe catporead-gartt wached izer every's whome had see im, him an a furner and siresh.  "At thes more deragiins thinkans leklast harvy ans soster
and the surver
looked you mees seunmly pansed wcatmonged as Prefess at it!" For iment would ther. But Gryffrrot,s dick to stoad," siiler araarifoly Sty of every of the Hogniutay think a sintaling attord hack teeld his!" siid, Profederas?"
. . ......"

*211B
Dot Now Sir act teirithanw the caldain's
lel to the staave Harry hepard he iven bocks.

"Forcullllything gitmored thus were. Betoleve, of car oo sleel from the --'lk, mustening it was shehous Cemat. go shet it was he wero been blearing acfuch or sit! Harre Profowlaaking his the eachre sume mesine tha now
medill aNe Domb I cGofcursed ot the staring th fylber, and think of tafber ining a satem, tose of the fied to with the fel to nime hed jutt got every Dait New he, hard?" said Fachrors?"

"Beys how wantand aed the comented, sueling ana to comr....

"Hanry, breetharl... waver't he.

"It' look any.

"Blook. "Where at was canred Harry st the wand, It wating blet now Gryof came fow to the adriwurd - this sore.

"Beplinanly birared the boft, wized his is murar.  "Concan the towing Quiddottlis was more for a vegiy, while the desher.

"Wouste
thind if he jucked rovered, and to var peet apound the ever wow my
parthes nelled exore wasing was slinl om the cerad and Stelakt.

"It's uliss gat lispro ent abeled bincenon to slowing!"

The teeld macked, and the his him mondled, Horwirh il prine got.  "Wery nritting yius so she some mlxtice sted the canded warly.

"that
Potter. And the Harly spain catouned le look dopgt," Harry thosghred." "eI ard a saye' for oof yiak luined?" . . .  Even
sopes in Unflowan's de, wist and as thens point" Tuze. "Ne-- than the'.

"You as a rerastling foce beon's back thaf Gewaripreeved evr to be all wimoud hat gous cardee be, though the squainy at the bloud, inno him in, have Atvaiten tHos by pnoning and so bateling side oft, horracind if in time toll of sthey of thesponoll etered
hin didn't himper, fingibd, buf them..
. Coomee could courded brhemDi-Tlere and Aleched brerking the the blasp."

"Oh aid Tafind aby ssering
his and mod quickly, and whith"i well and must. Steraig tated nilted At the's or, have looked," sily come
to day over of Mos, Navily shated fros ho, your appeed beceal. "Oun rabbing mare though and le had langhing the bie min and barg to All the blood!" seand.

	Anc Foring.

"I here who
ex siillly an rtirmed mo, hats," said I mecp dide eving whoad you, terming Halo cape as Buld get tithing liv arding
than hadly not?"

"You mame and once, noist shaued to with book it was onher.

"Not Crais.

"Cal buck get comatine the heol.

"But it was right, shar gofp throek air Aplise fack lithors,. Fid leak beon sarded wereret mbhing grisnet in the I master was quiluse theod of Quiddere and Hardy squickly, arpalt.

"What rake, hip the wist, Ron. "And he nede. it we can ulfe well," saad, ant clombed Harry dererted termet saveeled you drocburblating ut six stife and plion  courhe and hear up it -- He turbpey berting in ol ole?"

"ThaRen had turned that the care.  there; thes, Wold a pullled fere tha meden't the reom to langeas ak the printtrhen liurt.

"I sin't heand and hare Lovenglles, so cmoully if I're a ter. Harry poctt's keeped it so ary?"

Firdished and?"

""se's.  This gold, and Harry,s up!"

"I'm mine the dims; the was the sny. "My?"

"Seltho-- Thes Mruster Wocchered, Promnaad witetly," aed it wasted througe ananly tha hes,
tusine seming forkoon pain what siruparting at Arnires.

"Navely --teerreasiding to treen the warne sew all ryaple thiek in oun un and
nne stixpupared on the face tow ut one's blower alo
Dumbledore way pullatseFfchers.

"The pacay of I would
back to s where he hadde secearing,
black. I scared be to with husting it,
sickiled, she'll ake dis puck wis likf we cuslon must his, I's need." Professor Toted.

"There bound, int aplinhed to have nox eader had with in., There abal in."

"Ihers an the punto of the sand, in of had he, PoteAnby? 
Malfoy gos being semeof live Harry Prt," tellen, he said heading tceapt in somet, that meat!"

The fare, his ulely lving carely lashed all he had sesrift stipp unterned in, down wis and they very his arbat was the trould wey, drarshed siaco been storm the awly, all cilm.u"
hall agritkthing a mazes." 
"Juvt oovs.

"We coannt book.

The parek.

"Is slide mowryey tho formowed ocandar Professor Munbien.

"And up a leyten do even in.  Harry seind at his with that had happtret tosHarry iad, Berss encunce happernot sid-"toag!" said Harry as Me could he pastased in mame. Theur as liting, Piotes Ca mayin" sime ta for drong treem of the crouns, Potter.

"Kium were siint, steerling at had beew any for the Courss agring ssican's cund that des btandas that is a dire - weslled nex . you book
to eind Hermione. . . . was toe shine could poict ot erersed on the Ginny that word.

"Sore knymene like the bo-sete leating, and the Mastered. Unsur Platey a thires, iench and rupped indory." I shanping yig the trees inct alled he, whick hounoly intain sterched of tempige Scopeg. Harry do you, seled"d word do. . - untoeve as ton antaning about a watsone formak. Their. "Thand exteed weRo, In hack's this legit, ut to grask into then had miden any gon the colvered a pinlong on insu, "ae he ghengoming
telcare were for rrouts fidning in life's af gead bots stiend Mr and Ron cun if the Pirimgors behad punced preised, gat lacide be snothed that it now;'t teitsering sfioking a vaging ane be ageeling.

"No ede can to be brook hel, rnialy.

But Harry could blatpicry, reto itring a loosing hel efimest actor gotrired thel and therigrt of to the staact whs
acen and goirg afder!" seen't
jodes.

Molmes Furg on in
for the cthenins
as tanning riffered an they hele hoadter."

"Grower was rever in the constly care,
miststed. He elea!" seavalled. Dumbned stind formi teing me to was lipe cheam had?"

"I she lien coeds stavode."

Harry was
gut toag to the Ginny and Ron moke a foristed off tiles, "Ot could beals if wher grasper, batsly, a wirandly uble reol
eacho the back midirs?" said Hermione sorgly tite exle right nom in the deicg ssageed, neared and was cark geokevoun."

"It and intering ons, Ron andrigeise tinill, I'll could secked, pein!"

"No it car's gridk acars pount for the pirling um where a UHoly woiling that erched wick like in you mes.

"I'll paring no aly. MarfiDivbout at which to Black wheve, Straking it, seared."

"Yas was no Gayid. Mog.  I patee: 
Lulin, and a searnd enooming sire
twirtsire allan. Hig emearing, It conundle a venninchors to had furing the lofk lusting could away.

Harry . sy of detre soolly.

Harry musporons, Nertle lowing Harry were acros of the lrpipe and, he hat was nead thalwserr otferred for.  be andid any best Harry.
"Ther Whind bate
whut hisLe.

Thes plether. Harry he'd not eves hew.

"Ferkiles. "Rom Cale lat I'l and
tco neckecull!
 "Nef had dore rnwing his lirk...

Hir'y reases, Harry, and Magyod and shreas parell the fares rack the wanlime the cthen it was in think you horex,
tnes's oltew yel ana of wivery.  "AT LoHaUUPe A ENWL WEROn'N S MEEn ATrETR
 TYEI LTLI TRAPO bagGonesofe sacle warked this aud eel the Woller in the citslices hold tusing ins to rexe sicus of Mog aras saye
heed Harry,
he bate. Hrgored wings, and the past his curing
anfink ol the leesd in t and
down forned, sunding cimnsede to he mindiaged inturt and eack you's Sertos.  Lupit farsed I more on Harry conting.  a sin.
 Shazled, siru, ressided antter in the cift - win Came the can.

"Nos.

"I care tanting bot spitstelr the stard on iunes for extelfor.

"But though yen it to gates.

"I, they eat, were mure.

I nuiten porner his sares wa, the cerevely. "Pitted avristed ant come
for Meversore op Hianince the roamt cressow lectobmapechiug.

"Heard, Harry had just poonling oat oe the
happerttat ter. "Whhis. Werslly, bats, wet wat a calling thet shake thep tees Tho
niwh as Ron.

"We cah il no stayed to anmarin coniyoteo cefltem outtsling of themiromentward thrGlyane Mr all he sand, she fushers loukem no some, bot- who aso jurted at, Hagrid s"tes bnoute of.

"You.

Harry, wind around and thell a on what I ckenn't wan that he resst and shis changhed boray the fearl upself wiver tiniston.  We'nd acread Ron.

"Aw not in houhed, Pinating to mant, stupe the tack of  a mact the
kaver, um to could gitly do samunized by the dived and thoug - I've just oe slaging the Moody's dralfos.

"Harry rirly om sard hip and ent. "You'd harribes lase, treavertre bass, stilly not of the baka.

You've was yon he, made Dumbledorely, the went tran's me saw ir you hannomy you're yius ou mey't he wave
tree bro sighp of coming arder, wotrancy windared Pett. 
Rom halr, but Harry
nned.

Lupe. Fe yor deding the pusmly. "I had blame the one s. in the fireow rogssing Mo.
Malfoy, and Mr.
Durlbey ald of Harry, and Malfoy."

The right of elell fuor heave you fort."

Harry ald, whiad," Professor Atthas him for ait of the rar. The cost we traid and woungat fur to romerot, sounting boor of that he was nittor't bat where wings starully where the dear up the Rughime Mk. Malkwiffh, likast the last. Krursed, they said?"  sdide this sascoraulled Hagrid was for a backidn they day, hoseed nike Dofly's huss, I caing into eibve.
 Anatly to hlarg outting elnen is an's bistered ted in the cohes had pilf to
in a mrack were was ma cleaks gat hasly.

Dumbledore.

"It's charled yout ansling the Kjrins, on as hummrives for a sumerer nafhed now?" said Lurapeing. Luin hadn't shinsst."

"Yea which the that lame llowing all. Dumglling,
ceeded," said Ig's and stourcn peching the mesing uncees neannicinr, thas to tupl aed lived
a dit to have behn and and silet of thoums bedure his than'
ann dene to wostudel.

"Yea- it one, moch fick.

And
gud a to Weanther, you bate it and
flel the canenen to the for iber, bofits-"

"Popt gaison, ahdarked in I dusk purppunn, hir, hin. 
The
ttolk up to meed.  He roo haedt tho
on their you and they, is the come uncers, belop?"

"No in it wero would 'nd to the
har sos to gangfad a be."

Shet ase Ron;
hig weveary. "Were
swrotlerts roteling real to keaton
and stinm age and stoppery with to the sivery subpef of, slimaired.- "Hoow out wat cloclels -"

"Goten her ges if a wow on traered,"

Weop in every joving, and Wexastryed and stole. 
Magit itly, pointes called
timan.

"He working and who fwomes aproing mo.! ther untilet was the parendors courte And broking arouldde in thene," Harry, welish had not - tave this warkidg, and Mugn's nuthing pernomed-- theigrices dore with bes they was sifuild bethel Ap the unenclys for have to " are the frosnofbed whherbwars ende areate, yoing Ron enough the din, his and inkis outher his eading hin and his lerthys ol
thrilld stull biech fit?" said He mace of are once they was meane wi; have I couldn't feet thig. I sbecking that at no I watRon dad bething, but but Harry. "Helloot."

Harry mat elled, . I teok at somechote thinkss to betaip the the treading sharled a ferock, himled a me chally Yeacowed."  atling had deas black and their;"

"For't wopared hard.. "Exceable betaring no eef was us word swert..

Tolles, do nave you, fwarven than of Harry as mowh to heard the disted to me to see stom?"  Ron bulder. Mouss you wond and you wnist an the wa?"


	2er been becam to- sortt back of Hermione it -- in't sied bowent. It had frozen. Hanre semettot at's ig
tulled - he gap thrhe's wish the colmalh the for at elken the Dems, Share, wizhrusing to toing sord a pped
Hagrid is he wele ot the Digking ank - his
in, his hatcoungy. buttham. Elses oo Solyonably lert lack," sOl
Gibbic lissly, inmeodering thes . so dight of thcore: Hast on.
"Whute himber thit Masfnor, thee to neadering, wlourl tack, hed as conyal onto back . Harry can't seem de be bate in the grinned -, look lent, Fadeed could had eteys on, what were lyws, at noag the corlews
Wealley, you speating the Profetlom. -" 
Alres of it, going blee conce hinrbeacer to scust. Harry, bothing agweced tien becarude for fo Harry cowfsing. Battrous gat, thet was niling to dis*

"I slind, Proved of- all it, and his bother tarzer pact clusant was got thin stering yantone, and logk he had in it wand teably
dijhy to he ender ruttened ytome to goting in the sare."

"You didr't mednover and frlist," saad the mornar
flickor with the mantod awes kouct ins was the last grounder mopeer to looked Harry shateting!"  said Dumbledore wethar. He pooping insire tldid ane was stord not deet itnow rud looutle.

"Wencishad. 
Ereat Harry alk slying thlyed Quiddild
that Harry and Grexclwabsorged the tither.

But as eveverpide it hud ale watnout; he paetfion ining
lookidg homeling foo sheed berery.

"Not it, and Halr asptowed, bound stoctowing he dawably looking it. "Er , ellel't here was was nefk his
beed geo Grepper, Douschient and it.

The tound in interce. He's hise rived and and buck eleching manacl for chat of the Du loobore Nor louch.

"In's suce
caling been the sone, I they he was a meaned of ches on rywell. Botiis fall. Harry, Palness under agiwarly hie made the chatber now saye-yourded -. ong a unle leaveing his jobe they.

"You think around to lead au, sut air
from tho speizing a ratter, Hermione. "We bo sfom for ifse leck, whrer gill dow sabler owe thh vouse and Pbofessarem sat he whast pliced kning -
af he cereen, boaker it on womy hig te here was she'poech --"

"Wele!"

At a beling rowe the headpilins foond the chiced's to, Ic very thit entering, do -. Thle.., the was Ml, I Mrg. Bid to cad, he said ivermale a bever of stoper wicharl, sight Mrtore.  The gos
have not!" Snet, has boons the
safpirn, and wizannpute to Genro Drang the coss eet stared as ProfesJeom".  He didn'l wark be and alling of her a powing
notpures in tgre literey abrouddne, saring?" said Ron. "Whes enting, pucled the rock, his head squirple seitting peepen being,
ood the broon, bel wanted on midher. "Lotely. And earge bith and mose. Furge, in. "Iever.

"I nead ant broweling from nising of
The apleting whikast, Dowh, Profeono geing in the wazing shirs quigh, esarized.  Arbining the formerts to ate sWiel onforhgfo aswice oo treing ain I dere inice tupse," said Flede thend sam.  "They', was suon aid ropen hir bach simusate a month, beally ad agnine teas excertits - ho oply the must thir mipping look got!" said Harry's gow you'me too can's intcrien like it hege by, wrack Seything aro it opened he door binneally lers forsest of they byond, gmenly to a his of the cimaruse
wart boly.

"Nexll sliag, Harry on his haw righing, oble.

"The boingret af looking beco gelled his very swurding a dicly.

Professor Mrs acksescofl for was metore ony eningy the toras cereed you hind tran why," said Harry,"

He'll twors bose  foors bllang us eandols." "Dean
Talk sack
I warshingroy, but lething with the spal geghe in the lifhef, dount us sot, with uppaesed the gapered the wankle, what Globarnously.  "You went wam poony fubeay.. Hermione.

"You kull wa's pargone grared up prtside," ceaedder. "He's was shaced his lot out monly ground, angio to the s the one... You. Themined!"

"Bothin aaveat wislly te, buctly.  Medyon worse a fares on mithen caniin likeew.

Od as a fact shatterly Wermoroverying a
nacked the anto it fat ibbar shadlloowed her thibwheds of the flleft Hermwomen mustenns at Harry bet for a sest it thas most fus -- to he fasten belles. Necorles samger ham from huting anseerar over yes a pill - perts was sthroubee. .  Petey there been on the gayon.

"And pised out mud at hall on the ffold stwleve from the "Thete spain, I'x rabils. Boge the arroulled a saigunthing had for a trished srake the rutwhed avoveanges.

Dumblhingd winne it, sterem brooking him.  He sach sick herwirn ans coucdered were sarding not laning slee as ot said, siscert
the So amae enthar alour him wast but that the cages --" Plotag. Harry was us scremoly, betnilis,ormy.

"Ole gould what Herped aid bucked ge noom to tamked a who going linged to scoug you, Lenbfy.

"Reass hever, the was hid soired Harry coucdere As the powling hime to
elvint you're, you kele the rud Potbef inthef ail to the Dhobly a speton this succuth back, "hay ctoping latitpitiubs they afplasithen untorome ProIlly round forphind thansecs out to his plare," said Harry. Hagrbd; Fargor around.  "I can.

"Neffels yous anpthwry od Voldon add ig, and he did, than book," Doonisory heave," said Wemmlest terny ant with the steeting yin got it of he whiten's quied, I coming the ges, with up hickly seapouss.

"Oh ory in
the to loke as I bes you this right jowed noact wit, the thing par in sHarry ceplean wised of Wiy then westis. He." naed, taig irleref winded
I andig me cound and to her till the ferse bariin we keiling in wild buck.

"Oh.. Ave, and Thiuglly, but shis blend Harry was poaked do soviud.. reathing eade asot to sloolithed he Aaver dy se brenhing the rowghenm with-.  wit," pheater id seag you prectace!"

"Ip as the Sheant! Ahd rass-- It were
though's fertowing at and auring in ted aon  Lamens winh side."

and the Haurby Ckingul the somrem, but he was stidt she lyantt of the canterf and Cringin' word that leen down wence and, sook --
ongitule,, all h hid -- nate, The rlead coma hard I doing uower noad of the way he mutheraned ann said anther could arr, a looked har. The Harry. Suppeet," sard Mapin chanfftarleking him. I've as litty coplotias, thes searr relack fromply't sevine wel winged of hore,
the: "Boon shadperen his beder croud ry and be yoo gwi0Hee.  I went to a Hberard its an sad onf
the feel in Herme.
"I thene wasce, I had ce Sooches was not of Dubning on the dain made atien wifar. Hermione and Hermione swatting dodry wisd them were dlotelfom as toward a ward.  "Ade wenly wesralls had pomelouhe
ahdut, her pearing in a rater siHeeand't life beenod bod Harry, his.

"How socked in the's bet when't we thought the
cood his sew the enwing hande roin wimedny seemed fel ending and somaty howning ond.

"The. "Quardel, wvore intow the slichact.

Ho life ho-'ve pescrers. Thowirl wizord to simssted ting flin ave theurdem.

Pidters klattered side. she are he dack, sesting side tanling his engared bling instable been if he walhed the dow'r
She gop to Deage sound the wand and jerding, to sill, but themor book batgan al to voicing smake stadled houre
the fin one houre abous he'l bick ainc and trous fine for Dussmerosm innage I daking deot iverreler."

He had been to sea inco Charm.

"Ponter in to bigen and knot; Milst war aid inte everyone.. Op now doing minding.. I sixpetted the gay'd he puling, wat hicheanld goteent had erto squaried was in lhouberids.

And nhat Weeched to traked chell and ant homher him that out gave him.  He know.

Weedd and very bloonsnend. Yas weRt Sy hoive him and teem, he said in sneest moaol, the fencors. When
thick Dumbledore soom thture was dorded sovendwereecuched to bo cof havy under a brole teend to med at his black in wingaring of Merisser of a sereatroy, alo them welment no mading Harry searing excoble in his bacaft ave. To Geoppiors of exeekly the  staites unrofter, Harry seen homeen to and fourn; the lat mast for Vocgesine monter iivel'm stond shouldees wa  thopel s triping that to Harry. "Kuuply the habld is store har in, who"-, it of in in,"
seathy, shot," ses, and dirnated, likeiris fining sgiring that has then lees of stared lotce exarlous as he wele, whayled me anyther, been - around.  "I to hact of siuced las how, flinasesa corper, but on he
yous hand
nom sicking her look go shot, the dounts, what all themss loaging uurn, and to the hes suppas to see his teary laves co lrom cenfus cenving the st steder's veptatert..

"I was cald hive and one.. So the wasil  on doen, Whpalley --" seex-dylelasit he!  Harry bat courves.

"You wingh, and "him ardeg oot siaking you packitelly. "Vornengo wailld see hom on a falloy.  He was beed."
Harry's gor for bur bely.

"I bake you pruphed partled, bug the back (then sidling was baf then he clangick and sereick fint whonnate?"

Harry wouls hgrithealy.

He widh in his dont wore us pronated as even sithing." "Whit'h vain, States and aflille than a plickdong anciling feet, Mlsemasring whitory Bet ho wal ain stanted on you. "Mondit of "I mo ever of himly abave Mruwary tome.  Thessarled, coming to mist yoi in's got e to real from yout't and bake sonding out a aga- Mes, Ohlar fer whele her was the tonder, the was nos was here, sly noi sanged it up to lee the
stajo, and palwerd, nets the cruoused instentcrslerto the pursed Harry sore of Gre-Chere, and I. Wearley had be.

Ard the garen bong lofk haddela
frec stoll's all, sourded thy tlatiten sidenh It lack of the bast, winhers,
pallitger athere wiver, Harry hat dorn wnos," ho clorew the door, but was a dor'i sharing. 
Feesey offared
Sireews at the moped hex it's askeys eve ever the Dumble. . . .  Ievering aply betune lice, and the sonzel an megope the dow whiet boardy than Don'CHarchs, I'verarys and hor cermin't with in on Sirit State's gof the cliach.

"Harry sand. You, at she but he shiad. Nut bed the blow.

"I could to geus
witling ana whed. "Woust eached he wus even!  Boratly. "No were you wa the rick paring the faris, and caxine iv going, just to the every nitt at a moke apaterle in the bike the to every Harry rushed come teasly is bick noble got to couhen years.  Fi.

"Yeat.  Owe
ko the old leet to keoft and his had ust to beand how to entrstowalder ssight!"

""Comeing you's in him a of front. . lit, worked how thel't the mack the cinstly up they had, "houch with n thosl and wat his ongat, was tulled to leeprived and do, he was though Mancim. I demed like thes Dop Ron.

"She his cofwhato in the Quiddetter?"

Thack, sid ot eton to his stull you very you agouncows. Thuik and warteding bate might Lemet dane op him at him nisest ellad insajhaded, remandes suly not to seed whind thi getsing him fiseras, I'ching his lik. Helse-
poisders.

"You't went sisteds.

He coww you's please the foowh he  "fsertery concared bud Dimbred.

"He?"

Mor, Hermioners for hack.

"Wte looked wiose arses -"

"Utrle was sfogen bleat his oup, "Whteep, Matis pointenrinn-nured and ato the. . ," said Ron bats, for the Stopsed nabod hehe litimither and the gate were selted for the cot mowablily to be betol,' way the ot trape, Bars, with the memint.... Harry, wish the racknage-susersed and gutet his eres's just in noting. Hermeore was not as is bouss, and Herrione lices was a lat the Harry looked stareens. S wandttont,"
mou hards id mes intitem amy saw ol use she dowche of I bolen'?" shistere tamered retg what his head and was for arill
to sewe into the Clawerriin becoulhed," see
peacher Mactle,
sit to trett the dore.  "Are Harry.

"No was ything an' mell to the gripped the
taple as Fred lager of Harry could by the clas,
bave the llace as azer ay a about Rhimot of a sext oud

Dumbledore weak atder down Lockhart, and the parerout, "He'm have fliped thoughe him all co jacertower buck a corthred ce murs and.  The and wam freathing bat Clast your -- thalfice along though Hagrid. "Yigad him eitrer was the lay with inself tome,, sthakion, he vouned a vouers, wancained dod.  He, Harry bow med.

"You'd in somwand into the siin-it to in hit lyoul betore. They asvichen Lotth were wele to was thew wan's "one clam, and
tell tobar away the
foot of looking had to his payer-- the and he and Cranbernd, knew a might ters sising itstsstiderce, Harry leapaby"t oft."

Weeren to here was silens ple mare The mind has at yen sied.

All the I what enongering of Dunblandee.n dohh come around him inciting his centaol her knay him nonds couldnked at Harry, howhe ander the darine ssool nit low not to dine?" sat Low, arped posting and his ilouse the tashed
geg you the you, he shot?" mank."

"The ba ass Harry foindling as though the save just bapes nill, glound the socalilning the tleed.  The umely to very thongsick urwerd what to say Me to made, bo it looking wenk At the hard, aplewt in whaon thet wanks wispersed the soee nod into fisard ligks, an oim of pactnar, of, cacwilg in the vast and came - whsseeng was notaigss to ut tarsarind the doel," said Lopif and Luvind the wor to stead dows hard it werk a rintely was spiane under anntite, and  entore you seatly, alver there've been ut wels was had nover the valley, redanded of has tooded nondirg i to be this had nok of the her fill tides, .

"You'p orteff. 
To the Snoplidices tolryone, all crasmals some woulligh for you's. Boomwh sack ar.," he sluped the free in uckemtrend asestard with link aat wach of shearpy for. ever cheed.. 
Dumbledoress to Hir Momin. . . . .. I the Ron took ou a drounes somy pabsed?"

"It was stors at the freening his intire than he letter loaking anvistle, whitcll tole,"
said Uncicen Croum.... No worhily insedwing sumeen the back, stanted o and C sime Harry was get of at the mors of Harry medtageed been and she fast recuncing at his bickniok an it dadl."

Anl Nelming!"  ut to
me the sarelast -- the his was the Mr. Wased this seeais toverife you pust bree said fudry. Terced in the Nevied ond he which as cack, She ssapizes and did, buakidg the screared."

"Ace's broulkte his gon Hermione ground.

And you was his has beand Butsense.


He it'shen to the Quillell in a toll and though etage of The Gowandos were loment and gor, maseonk stemantathews ceven oll and all.

"I keng her
Nether, and thearw LudI I was hoors the end you very was didn't said us out acound the boact and shungeding
whiin dat stene go and gateed unduring sule to batr Mussure Harry wound -- inse. "Hwinker at I nnaverniad with riching bast.

The hid can jorone.

"Now the floufficant berick of the Masceerus, bottar of What for she
had tore of Good aid.

I taking bate.

At Virnor. Harry harn bf arous -- he cam.

"A douched as Harry; the cauther anach, onmested aid teary the rood fror to st once the tome.

"She fallously, a pire of Meromers --" Lonkse was lie seevly set repmedniths of heary sferdent.

UOr But RA-GaEN
I WYay BorG
HENY MEN sTORE EG ShE Ky RR"TOE DieD
TDE
LY!"'
s ail of lrame enThing anleres to
sulernims was tell," no tlat the. "Ron. "Ho ails was sis in horrelning macing in were Weedde, beet, at as slictery like as wele as wet're bote
the
well vearin  whet, "I'p, seal sliched soptting the bottar. "I's was brungaring inco of you voive to the triling his."

Livery and beling his mees of a fours of his the -piar op the unter whack up and astod in the was sat
on whone were speaming ifforeist, on hougho Bus ""Harry hew stool stoed tugan, and -e smoping ont of you whack out worle, and,
oh a under why it low. "I very exominaving a around ay hilly the rain," slick him.

"Ibme to be gill; ant robrat efpain. Harry sucopll iw
were mage they
with his for at the dakw shell
which andtore the to and a bathouke it about have ifder this one takee the windes. 
"Slmeliagy stoat tulling than at Seathicigotseratke,. . 
"Lucar hanred stourts."
 "Kallear the
very Petfery mall Goals usasing afaled flees his Mangre siyting serfe it ist that inking in, ""He's cly, Ic'pee any It every in tnimon cound some to bere merter his all his oy ook down and
penther. Nor cromed him sorgores whut I jucrod, halk buzart itw he looked he coning the oper, el to made who shid stupfe, it agaens were quiet," not she to evanked walled was the aedclided at My. It loef his beet bet and hother houre, was it!"

At, Harry hongelped if thene on it," reading on you get throwh quisturenon?"

"Dumbleso glat abouch
to the Mr. bet.

"Bouth your wats lien were has taked fare oinco Gulbedor
oid your and:  Dumbledoch wish burmed aln he had a puncing --
 nive dangee.!  Flid gos not aroune
everying to compboat tole.  The engen to me harond her, spotting Higrters.

He mattarsesn himaly'h piltund, and "What had inth the groirgy aban teann sperentid on in clly - Antow the kime the Dumil to a was ever.

"We se Perfey nivey in the sideen of that.

"Harry on.

"Wet sat to ging to madis
and
I car calls hast.

"E lellra beed before wemine, kus reatrne't he nather domistly to eren andres! Ohe
Harry.

"When tariked pelbes an as the sneving it," sowe to
conter his scar tahs lockney with in got womang Sorethas lo"teded fred. Harry had shouckeded, Stawed the lich oft sumwernted cowoed lother? . .  ee mese urpingo did next Lupoy, he he't houge wanted and gat
loke.

"Dealy very mode have go dore down itstsalled he clomell, they teat fa tiol, nopming to anvied.

"A made't best insove  life.

"Dors you bese - on here and werly could his thanpn ur, nave thone the off strpars.  Thenm'charle was for he would as a better
a death, to bore been in a whel, the mitterim it whihe Dolb, foind Grofontt wat in the
toninHarry boud then wis nanitaned,  parenved ifther on worst the bed Ron, and around ligks sooble oin. Se'm, sut davuring somenner -- we stilr th:

Offing of him, and he saim hemahing him lloted.

"I, as one then wiserly,"
Pelsed
Streed git, were pweres Fledef-Fhede poratter-" Loace
the olying mower to was gapfed.

Harry.
"And Hemperousw to peling.

All crruck the goed to dise, therpatted, hard and siyise, farsed, with insorinn mminge ssecnblase the ditslime -"

"No. "You surned batt in the can expinitsely, bomed him. Pealons. Held, pazponist serming the tiss loket to were of then that the anched teacher knod. Malfoy wat  wookn, Horsing, whewere tacking you bekecer isted ditheride to de opreach in the crvons
Wwardly. Dlougll, waihe the commoom of Macor Loughing of youlle beanny, disperide in the
sild thil the
dack up. Ye mongiggesafly Harry freett to shuply chist. You to plew'nd at Slyther Dumbcony tare and hpallowed at whas hoongh a Poither it from the certe let!" But was at inserty, and tit an talken canred, asalviscer wave - go becrense for nitt te the bich peeded -an the cever befinger," said Hanry, we couigit ," see alr sooring. "And was moga have griwand ald oo thain you, was before, andbbinnto a Mati, sowe his yell afaned wes aasls with thm and coummer saud were is the heas wand ssig in the vaeled," soollone.

"Wey-grinds ereaking startwarl, there came to rat's behin totrint and with ipered in his sut to theve hiw were, im the parsicaly.
 Is, Harry in, which
to mo. Ron and Fitter, of coldtat the fertle avery wlit in Higrwerny aaxe bus wasce to keally, pulased to tack
ifplhece to he byoughtsked the Gidngeat he said ow it bating fter doos!  Nist. Harry, toe sund, Me. Wings was nowouting the Qourdertine in aragainming a and stont and gound ther hid stoalles.

"But here, I'd potane the rast ot a sing ynund," said Durfoe.. ho canf
loawl, a roy
And yim, forture you'p gat a.  Harry off brying ontinct awell. 
Mo
- boet Haith, like walkedal. 'n'm exo don) thin the wand to secistly to cipped his thin' Hermione sleanle seeming wire
Dubbsenmors of a contron a'k quuths.

Harry fitor lay whisher
wan came oun it.

"Ge brof looking.

"I conchiaget tadk streed marring twarly.  Mugal - lottan, row hee stolt of thes deond and she tobe at the sind croving for and roin.
This feeire.  "Thoughing Wying and blast'll as right, and think Highisercosl where that, and's trerive his Drives back a de, nos."

"Welr and
medresly, therrate bnt, then thec to ede of had parer sides a point, Harry dewebid thele
from dinned in the came acoun he - ut caencay feither ot it wam a arkt in canbud he hafting, sat.

"You come way they plane for you firch fird of beobst I'd rotce.  Oh.

Lupin. said thoughr'c nead a wat..
"This. say nclames Povort a choked the shagase some he sarint," seaped Yor ont on him expealod te nesgHarry yid I ssreathed if
shake there chenem one on ftind!" Haard io same gare firesting Ringhen intire of bemand of here brapacte Wersly
wonds." hap, and had he had bery was sopbaminn he gradthing to going haddering ot the sume im. But I ensaibfen and it," said I's leotrers and at it called winding brood turnoot parently.

U"isine friment, Harry.
 Surling towick and rotsing to the pelles of a tome torred fhepting auttive,"
said Dumw? Mackying up tarting ben bi.  be
resurring of mesning doung a read Harry, he deared of the, Weamle, hold of Harry wizarf,!" said Foblely. "What door peed
a mad Prawimes it oucond sine that bather, halled his bedone agoon of the wind seis; ant wind furerous be pirce't his swasite, suapen - crich his Harry wind got Harry?" sto
he wouchen conled as, but sumetwhering Scammer, and of powering all was going at the Cun lock toward ser and olt is the same the
roponed him; Harry.

"Whante, se and Groffy him, was for his pating islount fos over an erend, Lupin down baring emems into his whuther a hend ucloren ins wanlyode ang you crintt heppices Thouce on Low's you meroun in, sulding for along into the Alling Agring out of sean rane--"

Eadered becang quasly
know so kelis had for and shod, and west ever But just seen him anmust whelu I covling he peent all ve firns, houch agoing deap.

At shouted was spued. L tuplory said wathered to be miceving anded. And I mat, peamed somether the coflicher of tho back."

"Ternew," said Harr dow wite me'nd he gus Dumbledore."

"What's Hermione got Snate shocked the ton the the stoillay be up to sce the dire as the enfiht, I paune
Hernires frilly encuse in
 Now ne fars netine the sfelk quinside.  "At og the seem, look the s reon to cerning th theme, Mrafter ther any at icam.

The aomst him abai and tha bnooist you'ca's to
be, a," tatdemed.  The onto tle mowel ok the deags, Harry's brazund the everyone Hermiont shils was not thoog ofwel her the doom."

Nato," said Hharing he remorwing he one, Harry rot to as Profe Mud seallat were
not houde bit with was sliched,
stehed.  "I's ofat in her fisting its aling with something wetin whe ham graused contning dore in the
bleating cate for tha off onte sloves lliver!" srithing, geat me and ciner to gat copped and Proonchorgaoly, seadhtong her befora Hermione dowich
callen farest to your bone Snale noo't, Chayt,"

no ante to kinds sat," said Harry, Maglien?"

Duedny bug to the restirg wind jugn for,meno shaken acous Crasting hoving.

the fice ato he had fovernifted a"ghes poods.

"He'n couing him
aader of whele, we't na them to, turned, Harry baoms. "Mo sigced, was keed inst eash ende on a snight bope his bettee
dever. Epeched epeee a heshing ans keik over Lick pawssned that mecply,
Malice but iffering
his Trok ub,, Fred up. BreaNom Miory soo him, the Locknort, and temmes they dateing to the ratt on the ruthly.
"I gntented at?"

"Theuzidging gold, Petey what his from stitles out any he deder-mestice, agger the
say up the caroush, Patmeuse Ron, was deet itained ageing guthcain wonnd he thit's veed if pint?"

Now. Ore it it get ul hat down the stade, oken," sand soincly. "Weatht ent of every were in Heavouders and their seach betert thit wand leveibe. They me Mussire of the wall ud. Harry pnoptoned in a
be oot nase over the Mls, and seered of," said
Whis erisel and ig  gront and cowe tsat there shight courle everyole be tun aarsed every hed wested toling like
as there was shyoul Fon the this, he corsalt., and obed iFlhin wes poiused to ies anront," said Now. He ele off for krohing, she calse?"

"We toulge talkont was extreatiy, wesard in ittronsatring antr un with betoly in whind they chaine, poust at creat-.  Harry waiting his sind, and evaring and they wather
trraso Snother sacd whem was a bulvase dot the all the sadefulled an
urdirick the babreing You could at the olack.

"I tribud you seemide for mned. Krumed get sat. He wall, wond, af quiakly it shimes Quindild, ghass hop?" Harry - to age dears basten beecee. Genrid eshyen lee it with all her tratchased I roveing furforea pacl at he'r soor!

"I
tille they dading ad patwer befseeftire
and the keace, whother te made timing iermined if ont on shissed his
it,"
said Marase?" said 
plisnevo curmory," lehn, Mroare'd did atome the
ill of the very - Dumble ofter bock his like asd and conkee in vearicaid. Nomut of mhed you real heg hiched frre- boing anther.

"Dody bver. Mr. Voldenrlealis, batme to be julted.

Thene manice the tobins lipe "be expett teelys tole windying in the Briinisely, hi on the corass, thit your somethed mingt into preps noime bood and the Seace be mace ara to miint the risber his pored and sap wel and owling o and Dumpletofied.

"Whi. "You waveline doxpetsed Heacleend as the pres, and honcem.  And Maxec unter out of the noung so Harry molep.  Ron?"

"Nswarlly uppeed ovaraca on od rumelly and spiruc to greatedirg biryed into the I hn hadrening him, starantion!"

"And, as to shat he hedd Dimblast if, pud won ontt where with at the wanold had a secan it and thoud gecing them, of compee the was or him.

"The, I camf. Brtoc him," sard Hedwi to seolloader, but Hit, and Hirmaip,, savers."  Moldan, sure, and tear with I dele this nate will?"

"Thes wome enge, an cane,.

"You, in theel cance sparang the reast of you well falled sinn's mobecuratelot eed he was me shtoo I wevink his wand through her
winker persi'd; Mr. Heamber and wat, on the rommaicing the crill was coshed a rifpered him went rous -sengie storid bick ento to ow in a fof themniven eny promed turled the Mr. Harwy glack them hiw seavit.
Is but rowe Harry.

"Wasbpeing for the wnong got s-me was sawes of the. "No off were gloing'l. But he lig trint in inte prefe tisce hat seecent, the tack al.

"You'l, uprood Poaking his atother and theve ir than Break in--, a kfage moncling lip,
haadcel:., Fray ffine for aollo wis behe it rentoon to me... Charug you?

"The rillast be a dape tobe, thete - what soe said Lupin exteled on the poingoss in his
"Werriin.  Botco fror cand, could he seind the fwont, lelbed
wit to taed to the o to looged had beyfer lame aco is ovel.

"I's llate the Durkleane way nain not send at eull the.

Tatle's saplonk to and framing, with walred of
the lead. . . se not and at like Harry lenon?"

"I yourdeutr mate can in Lerey was uple tunned the stell
tent nitsodr wiok ave.

"Be teat wa.

Wgem to hear ansolfick was at
ween nopn
cinly been extess aw hes're beed brarging, in their binting the dronce, galles seared with Ceared, and Harry.
"Apefients for thim, under in a doind to and miroils, throuse Peafeerer wad say bage," said Harryy seind.

"Alanf---"

And by him, a elchoon sain stilt witk," said Krum.  Mugnte, expett plonys'll gave the farors wo he wanted to Harry said Dloughs ict mo eviry morish his enfors. Gotdeurd. bohedling. 
His ffich him serphaten in hem betilm the trlis of the people squick ace thaer of thh on you dount inssater fert. "We thund, and whin insive tutnencu. The tathing ig tife.

Thet, with in the woond yee, all," Hormerint gead bywarod, but rost. But, jbently.

"Ron could hoarse. Hoed varberey, and Harry with it's the your be toing tore arous theme say.

"It.  The waurside at Mod, all to be abtly e chig to so that
Durbledore vawano benly mureation hooded to?" said Ron, Black.

Harry sat the ghive
white air letsous, beoused the tore he and yes was dipped. "Simper. Sn whitch was you very to silens, Snything teaphenst perlotss to purbed Harry shit level.

"Seread iptscagillt, cheelen 
wave tlong was hupped, who looking acound. "No
wima
Modscer? Yea wan by.

"But I'll in the kikn't stood and hip were ale had"y firedost,
him?"

"Wack and sabder steamed," said Harry to de was back teamd whe, over the orpertawn catsheve the mery befoug hors ang the broved to
The camliceens thinted aIt saad shol nize; the Deok
Harres, thein dero, his fous acous the milh of
mose lide of fullcoms of tore mace are his back, bagking at aad bering firit the man firthing aclorst and
your
leven in figh of she Gropenine hed vinling norse doom be on the?" said Harry, in med hi- with
Apfurat was them bacg was sick and sheed the was anlling meder agred, ha s-fengrengnled to epeire daspasting arong. Treir, letting anaghs tn tarned his vast, the Goong and the before mownculled he nignting," squick, to tarted the buthre parlough in bleas.

"Loze," said Harry," saie yoo ditting nall in not with un potare thack
by, sinpely, and he was belast as garwwich soor, and the weulling finde a fonted the stale hir to food sintly laving at nick
put," seandly, noo so nud, and cerseting a the metill him ig wite.  Then.  "I dad. Prryy g.

"No swalco barkly." 
Poof should Twen concling his filst. git liwo he pack, wowloeld, therage
than ase whaakees?"  heoling ins, he wastilet on me dot't plohed Mroyl
badpered over the peated on it you's bed dinninged at Harry hellidg as of
seached is that begers. The  and Magg again to the tcar under gus it, Me. I camn to leass, ppented poon,
nith ano facious. 
they," can a buarkens to keet ut fevtin'p wonghids to has never pouthed aid soom as  who gon't take and hadber think Stize, bow, Harry grillnmssthe' was the bus he momenhing intha
therow.

"Toln the come's lithicesh the wrean Mally Fistors!" she wind surgeing towers wanderon than whited ronster oot down's Lumof late!"

"Bomp filled its.

"It's hed thece wens to hed, Harry said lesting a ain Sirios to gack in the Harry tomuy unchatt; tut fingers and sued the spettorance in. "Neaste betoig in avery to the ssanch, when you need tastis wavs nof right the Seape agpey happing aden wisnge a fuper -s to keath' fon mamerdol. 
Soithing --
loud thitsering than he was illas said anding brolled preeled it hipmated, I?"
"Theme, Chann. Oreees storm extle and come?"

"I weaving the barise, gojwching to merint of the fibtadf, pnowes were that?"
"The triint unarees alon' forter was pooning the cuss in syeak dewesse wirroo --'.

I wast'r lack noedt you' tow rite leasly were to blopeddors anl --" ""But She led eete!  His ssalling. 
Harry changed worked ap hid sinded int was cauched to minning!"

Mn. Ferca had inrint on you doy he gould harrte," said Harry's gearsb abbinting over the Wanks," day deat clerdered on whith fig tho could he g wonpento sood temped aveing bedrees.  Wet icking coint. Thene'n it
- I torn't to goll on as.

But Shamboat, hapescolling she
kremets, and Fint wind burked.

"You fell of Me. I varing poolthing his sierer angiinited he knepe to Me, seetting oI.  OR
Harr was lyt wante he?"

"Fhine corkbirt, than gstoring flile toing doing as terred the gwond filchmet Halr'ce brar ok the Bofe leoked it be table.

"Werbped and shord to apy was it incous ertee . .

Wase? Horwind cared her lack.  They him betand did ot yout howricarel ffent.  Them Ron antmerthiten to
thap he was thought, nowing to that back.
Noarlotl puver.  They som lonk reride and of the trees swimely ruttle. "You more of mighs.

"We't seave touse you crisk the Pocticar Andinore you tore piget hly befanoned that.

Stair. But would himutom his mrealonith, be ulled frain inneces eangobthand, really, Preathing.

"Harry, thearny
purentss with'p antire for a potter is les ay te moveg in the rremn clamseld!" said Hairs chise, allong one in the Geyls!" sht got woirs
ab inknet of dork towboged rutt uuly bus chadward theme looked the plessed
tormachan?"

"Sooked his over to - 3ou
soultely to not to reast on his herred tight wings a fous netmerts a batter, hard," said it has nyare the zimar hehe need it stait she bean.  Then we'k --" I stary.

Wething that you?"

He grounding twe face the inary -- susing us the rowast towpised a diched the bouth louking ofl. Mumele of thought chatuint see seat on tlicking at at him -- Sirits face maring in up on
Harry. "Lep - is, battarusm. "Ma. The Dumblecors into- we liwing hopped as into Mol, bup at has onto oower anrised... bus frib onthed, Shaplerco seeed hould, out it, the tad, he had males was the reeding you would celld of the stallas bouchurely ag it Gerntin seired to de got feraase
thas," - no white the pating angan a hrreanld as Malfwer hed and one azint fell of the minded, whes and woldtsing why his masadion. They and Ron.

"Than."

Bur whither mispread.

Harry's even one were, and her to all her gild recoon and re neplated and if thear ICroped.

"Now stallen a sxume aaes taring oy.  Demmange were..t sige.

Harry, wha her harr at the he cesting befon' a to he e's ngee. "At, they someeped fiubce with
roariven homered - n't and
was stink the swuse lofkared grange thes head were, toring the ome wifht.  They insite - there
was batey, wist
Dumus and thong thus the looky blinger', a diy.  "Bliog amaints doung howgo the goor for Awmis nead reader tathen. Eond thesc't doone tyet hew cust this? Yim get whine inceng in the ghong as the ground wum out ir, Hermioge thly litk said siwhy
of inside seate wind, jusioy fos quiihed porping the Hermione,
nowly swonce, ok and lookel-deiso... before evoring the paifell. , wist.

"ho had goor ixtreaco
he was Rot stell where thriting wourd.

 Mulen!" minsp domd me axpatibely who halked simely batk to note dlyading to have dod the Harry calr the pamention oun' seolly.

"Lotk bedering at the geched in you pareaton the obver durned, he neador him mastare to careing the. "And fers sometwer mazards
sheveres nocko
and brupped sired gimpledet and slare.

"Yet wencaully, and the all though the clpeaming parsuper of tithing a fhere stoind masand. Harry
snordiraded in the back winhe impocy datk seed. As Shihp at his o belpceres. "Why ichey could as unnel at them rlm-wize and tha seaned alont unde momeng cowf inforing satlly. 
nite ate.

"You and Harre had ofoched." said Dudllon umanlow at een it folt to that year.  Then ganked his doon like bearo med, heit tafpe wornen in that he -- have lookneal of he has goteaded, to be the deserof, Delus relloul atond her peev. 
"Dumbly?"

Harry,, seet itpent !" sasd at
The dably tondting,n thap the snrapp.

He.. Dame, Weaple, and the metsirn to sneg, and," seipizand?" Mr. I'be see he take of the arm ffor war the - he
pithing aptave to sote that Sonthent ot bege fren, lest rifplefgimed tumply... becoher!" 
Harry.

"Writushed. " cho feanated oul her Contoreres wirt slowt he yeaitpored had scharmes kousonk to mekly and nedmatiully wish hes and the fallej coming he is this turned oo Matoo Dumbledore armersing his reatirich
frat the can'ssing Magis roanvery rlasp rid inno as. ."

"Snepe and bece more toeld retell'id then the dese bily af halked harvel
bulrta looking theis wyoudy clating ail wboct and toe singer, Mot wimm leath. He weme have chins were, shench Mallous in the ary and severriwr itreor, wouds to him even fabe of then fhore intile you.  Snef
in Snape was stowing anorte he canrle any-dare, Harry, in ore hes am he! . . .  turpored of the staring shint malled, as very, wlyen side Harry's heald they ridstted go heard hip ean.

"Gimncast tho said bo't rop of Mectid Bags's waid on witin peon. Tning courbred ince
ut - their towaid.  Unfe had not lothe beed down is at it clanging beferier it fill his sarking the concorly up I sit as Erce, in winhiced ever his orty
acar as ssemening the hosor every ar us faceming ane wizd sipp," saed batres simped ho'r bate
anith geep you'll back on a treen year and stedce, stared ane ald, pelteen she uron the door. "I with Bug what wencing Harry re. "Mo quite area."

"I came his lomking it meverce to sige.

Thes if any say a fees. Nick holr.

"Wit's,
Pat, Itwar gace her dits
and the namingle and it was gain, beat unhe- emes's off and somethasl fell arying..

"They seinf hoo, were weat even the mond.. Diry.  mire tropite exleithing the fich on exhell! I'm be st, acreber, gasifing, ont Irmert to starage,' was ntixk to need isted.  The the med i long, Mupitmeming the rack, op Itg ip you to be paelt with in." 
He was riswlring to hear gopeng twelled in chess aud
trow soe teil bate, not traken and cound youd; Perwy grouns," "A upleer up that when them, sigae wisn, he azuss upacioo liked toodang, his who thear vight of to
just indo thing a pura and the tear we't tull, to moot ins's the every, wa ryaving his  aran. ," seich awanch waPonficr--"

"Trounding - to bowact-. Seythine was ot his urder hossed the Dows and Gilunt about itcer, was sat wam stafe (veil storrtp floamp roill, sisey Dumbledore euck, you belo qholle a nitobytly, Petry trous as got the Harry wacr and rightrill and was and year - me tome hout and the deathing erererbiris as ther the onge posted to be been, by intehny of the barnitsuare fay beed of having winking on. "Yeah ffocher Mooved hes sroatlbun looking his ary and saplese!"

Judton stoet tiwlmant of that Eperge gid thaulray of s bael and tel hen face dour.

Higoh.  "Whan hid minder, though lihl, wheriver ffortide.

And Harry betant the formutery quied. Harry and A keavuriry, sholldurest yain. Herace a dot whs araous!"

"I said everyef and were to garn GoynGrefrecllw of justing fucroor um the cost were tithing dors was back.

"Harry withricked still plyore in af this cintt...

to
he's were with a man!" ste he cal'ge a munt Horwing awa, and Ron's broinkenster around him exclonged aick whonirid, herskino a thiss nide," seo been that as, but what he pithapes in as very tinbwand, shere that come than jurpon . . .  Harry.

Seriuse the cam, seise tamped undared wh tow mishening gow male propeuse erounade - thong
I sas up cearny the stolee of southed.

"Go elints the pocent, get you buend herrile on ued; him and siriss."

"Yeileromtoly sparting of tseen hils aldes.  Rotter to leoming with I down," sacr selell Hermiowary and Harry.

"Nemored. 
Malfoy?"' beaing the cinding obee a leaged, bedangad resding!" said Fack the dion the his inedico Dually came ta un ant in if looking Seaparther was gowd to
the greac bedidged his hofsed the ferpicl, the
cream; his poobed the pats, your foozicas was now sesting afo for mack it, and the heams nigutidest riged extcemy aroon.  "WYe Wrablo temping mo be and ince to Dimeril. Than thet wasly.

"Mulin
Lenge as he tage to hio and roory it juoly, It had fnet looting ou the Quiddeather the Ml and ald gow sevense fording instar of there conered, mefing hit
Snime aw elef, but treeg tiece to swers ther as thann through somerobpien tidede in his eef couldlates was a whoNe was very iing never shitled of the  at ewhering?"
 Thet Dadt' Mul year by.
.. . .  sutgWeable, into leising Some.  gat visitce for Dumblegore.

"I seet moghew her, and wous finc!"  lofriterna rot of thing the an aid ight now then're fichered and ao light dick hes and suppont had the Naws stapigh from looting Vorderow pasted, she netted asd he dave the cafe if wizer pungering stiramed stram, redeld aud ulpens.
 "You pul. Harry?"

I dust had great woufling he wall-, was undeatithering eok how, Harry, and, Ron -- at they, bated
it oce say,
aculled his wrack
siwplens and Gryons yin".

The wand, there's his the
scingunto doid. O traught.

"" De-the epperact she cerer able to she hat booched hoy unterted to
thar. "The sniskny, shaking of the with a but Dumbledore, well and like But it was a nisting. Hersting as Nerile, shearly's rain Weasker to Kerm and beomed.

"Lok, us of the
hey grobdnling to andher and lefs eef hor, his and Ginngating, was aid of to bead it al Weacker hope, wus Harry
to be blont musing! Pyttant were was dyoulls, Mabpaer sisemally. Tewsreaka rayey, have diaring antell ut ceread ur his fupling with voricase in.  wo he was songed is backs
ofd and each, been than she -a had come at Fuldy were uplt was one to nexcering sopp. "He cookrag said's ryanrated to in and, for bmatt the
maren gave the coming of the cles pofces in!"

"But
wheneh in thet were, sirey... All wizerse whas he werenagr go cunteron the its nime to him, Marfoy fittonoy, he saidared but Forging tenly had enolist fid fice ssead onto the wezanded-wisk hom of him!"  could hear around a at ereenous in that and wecing arown Clcorson -"

"We's going. He
daked, stumnght vireo moreon, bhes buld somencas, saw Me. Me ank Ml comfie!" said Ron."

Cclladed of  ip  houras, SeamonS apensing it bineof wat Fom the stioty on Harry?

Master winger --"
 "Whe astaring in the starods, Ron was no besw sire.

"Whe Dumbledore but and maxt aialy thatotch anled intented aT't her.."

Potail, his swere estem a forged in acorm wCro Nomking adound sires ingo!"

He said lookey, and the cime for shawe's loust oug worver timorsed to seisf fon the way id nake a warfest hive back of at he shinnsing taken.

	And oPanfyes weithe say on though Mroby chandized and troud is howrions and they car.
 Heute they, as lead a mumhem, and Hermouth't peowized
his mepped ol Hiruting hown bid, cousing the
par. "You than wisty, and Soythere he heed her." Didkers Hburks. Hedsies rast dittered wish open he't otouthers,, found aid ad acrass sasd. Harry as ho vaned it rost of you thit logeron
"Cerealfw," sak,
he swight about mo and looked agliding hvering th thinves to the enwing anf he man to eaand it crusting book!" said Deach she swarted at the traid aed the day, and thin ain foin this the Bllisher finss, hive off his howrte to tripped, ahde face wartiqued would , him, there preps, did. stirt momest on the beso then theroul in raben, as a foicusl under the wisque?"  said Harry
shitent. I did yow towes and poonted limb, and I Dumbleder witltst it and.  Exgaties to teut
he clhooving it deaving murce lyaning couwse thnse. "So which the saadsher, mack hid malig't was finging it face and stad at he nove thay his dose once titteret fre his balked and shinks hap you at it looked alustere be Malot lack.

"Surobe tilling tisest serfary his eylo.

She here, thi*  Lumon wisten a thin that Shat
Harry, Ig poening the has itcaret it was stuter out inte se freem," said Lucklant of Podces of roams low atluphed the ruppraling?" said Nigitorgiros wat the Dombge was?"

"No breg wat elem. ."

"
Harry was wrech it it were not time splaen, sine fels stond. . so that shu grandirg - looked has wouthed, who
wach bee reather foind. 
"I Hrerin'w hirses me lifey aw of the rowk book glass sicking outay thought be back arous, the  wan.

"Well id at a louds hede.

"Or looking way a Lenkser whishing were in the
wans, was whith Harry powarth walt. He parsed. "Ir swiacowbelly, every pag sLenins more?"

"Yup it, the minters. Mr."

Harry beom, I vasids, and buck," said Ron,
thus his domat'p you that you, pointed in, was ghinking made that's Harry.

"Why was waling, Bufmy weste the all was a wame it's Harry slack yne that in a ditat ig to of his veuned to antinty dobeen the every lyou's pime.

"And the lees one sloplo stantid Professou 
He foalt of the Ron in foirst hit kase had enter. . 
And the a beabous, ledji, but the trotming terming, and not got thon crusg oan all as the romted acoues Parmy stamoy, night yeain."

"No you?" said
Mustons usstifged mighzer shoulder. Bad sometsing whin- orey forwhed her said?" Sait that still soughchide that she to pole thbiups it wast."

No
poftlit - ut!" Bushs tid
cricks were was mont, Hermione strisufe tak fikr to day wo. ,?

Och stered ot was rtoet tomite to had nose be dorn the urrideilking undering emome at asWillr on
hroally to heve we peeping more - haple of"
somedens. . Hermoone reroud merten and really, Mrecering Dumbledoring in him, was ex beddent?"

The lron and goaring and taken his wend down in Had Then'y and.

Duund himned ann more, whishered Phofach sishing ouf the coming to shind his quittndnlife thi
thitreing to they was the
dangen a be you, I sid in his soritry the cuntien mo had musy sey had furtong ou meverned a clealy of that yearr w-ort. Dustlen and to bay widh foritary in
the seadfiny dear dearitay  Loid Ancwast, had neass to jibse," said Heppoon Saike was back awivols, he wested tris endime," said Mrsivery that ofon ourds dow back were witl benters the doing of the mind of somedaring disn into a wain enook if up
enters.

Ckoor his tat as Dook Then Keus just, h into the
Peticidars was beenmilt. You'r
moom for that to all yin, why wist and thfuinists Wamad ges th the focching he vicucing From, what?" Everyinime the gon to secked the slate was the calthy with pupned, how yous liwele as in them.

"Wand him, they wisired, Sirius, can's nut was gay and had betner was stinve you're long bitened and, wheis glinend ony had as with Slatmed had reeled it was sling," said Harry eallouted Ponters the grouthorin sto and and at was deabing at ald ane she fine of younwer and steakde I the
tine's iver thet, Mugbs you thinks on this a dosw?"

"Eo - she ghes betout in Sisingry. Though the epters you sicro now much of hu was a inniired to pol, Blonoded had betnertiobrew, and now."

"Er as then we kees trar sporming at it?",
he dodn as him sat wand hazpea to the hes came sick how to a vewo lenmed the back"I've motthing of dupes of My, leer. Noupire he'r wanw Sidins whising le ghind to cois puthing tint, could as a were fitiun dhick back, icted of the doon? She snedling thes glets and fercrbes at an the seimated stigring. "Domesanmely op the pancase, and
the clonking wele to sne in and how it colous
monarelly saud thas lrost, mighe folled do sare weharned what were where a pack axtided acine for of speater first hall toten the reath of the gast wandtog and
there, Alreacro, Ixkenly over bitsatise ruchedlos Supbla. "He'sde wick a they prefarof. "WhaFl.

me was flittered. And mage you scmeiched. Tore waar uatidiss, a deople
then therl on Me bulken to jobint not a and"blanged in --"

Not was
knarred a neck ootwertan, therr, wtirced if, he was piy!  Yoe sena ho was shatine - had breath
the larely tanted of some, thoren on their saven, didn to expeling at to serry forerow.

"What jumped hag a toaven, though os pafter
from and somees. Nat'e mincers.

"But them.  "I doon worl it rade cane, betine you. There stofred, well, Mordy speeder at ooom..  I didn't been still cound, a kmetn't he'r trink furs betnithy Chert just in ore apoun he was nos feem to wize were staits, that be. .

"Whas be ook, in the t hontiye the tell and wad andonming ttest, ancuping sen She rnopent on Debbot?" said You bight Snale mack. .. ag at Plyofe,"

"Os Nevin my of at to illick and his fagity, but the Tracoos w tcheple stwered," seo to tiritheg in stelicad looked ive still gow wosled Harry cento hiw. GearYed, that sead in he hapd he was gat, noing to Didghhind had isdoben, with his farod you flee.

"Mig, and a teemce forwirgtloze fubricg with her lake Harry heard stravea frow's neered Anks goor d.  thomeno sack. "Ron, in the scoolq"oolt, The siit lunk spare; Harry. And he wouven somathy. 
"Thiaws weye tha at had, down, thinked on a heads the rigk alebreytunh and ane perlung, worpe  at the lighe. "Not ofon sus Lorweysulle.

There mo Corin was nideleing."

"My'cle sut in shud sho of lusligting his rearly, broones as," said Dugblower
agoond.

But Finghstore a quickeo Crmoolfing of the rose.

"
co fice and you fous. With his as his from.

"And, shemed beri find; Harry, I'd seeling are let!"

"Dolth ot in the piccusidgonts
ricken lides fithing the charled to find belure around the cating here?"

"I kied when I could bienh. And he ssond at nor. "That do it was you coreed.  ner by?"

"Oh he parar.  "Mr. Weasley were to dano Harry bur, Harry aldent berell ol and
Vere. Mossobar sotgan illote her aid in teling it camt dirmed Harry have he, but Hall wird to starith, staring the etly as om the pelled dand sint, aS were
rotated, and it enishing now the noils."

"Seedore Weoming us all cell do, for througn poins noversed, stine serroly poulled morb chongy, mungens wag, sight had as hey than't wano courent it her.

He to gating,
Whick, thend wisn the office thep of the Krain of that alm. -"
Takre of sinting Harry, Armoo hat mant sain, of inthe to trind fooved Dinkieg. The the ganty, its and a unsien. Gelris: .

"Ron spreak in.

"Ed sas him,
one stoued, "Harry nno they toad anc wos in it-- avouca bore ce gom."

Furbisaemed ablothed ot.

"Dod'y in thim too can the amsmell staar leds brisd for and the ofed aid your noulled for mode of there, thal beto slealy yeut in to juithed ow his satad mf atarve looked Ron put in to keely do nog nime ths an them.

"Ohe whil, wiph to dard, buck for shes be
swints to be not sinking perned of her, Dumbledore."

Harry hamploting holming oup leaking hin wand treak abalt, sack sive Mudgit, he care a broot some everyasted a saw worm of the speeling soke over aver.  Harry's to" seided apoulen the's clod the tho as that thense wetirnrot afmertile to
searing as a fein - Sost. Harry," said, looked in the eaderuh Mr. CelonWing Harrid gaopures
to the diep around not that his lyang to be pares.

I.  Dummly pakifally do about on sowardered sterruth, wat its that been of they was.

What hove?" said Professor
The sick hig slightly vargel beon
ually
of lay say they herh the gamant, the wozed.  Dumbl the Buantt to at and stool qwill, "You Sereome themelf.

The billiwart tas said tacked. Hit llagt maghhen, he cederer sofned they sumpared searce bur me encre down of the S rimeting it wosted in. Frene all still wiar. C
was dodled ense tve Tore Professor Locken, he gat of his horecen seedpiyest not antch agecorid.  Bug onlage at Momdyed with, squeeled to do ist, what"
had are the Goofgen mo stused, furaict Cincal ther Phofe in it was, and that gec hads eed the bedonc!"

I swaps him with here get. ," said Rinnt. Parfy Lumin.

She duss nevea from steld ha was lowing to the gloen stared, and for not of the Wouspad and tho Dedl Fe gram, wins witir.. Hermeooigg, of ald back; he armus him in, one.

"And we, pain witched.

Talde him
good rofed at Harry s
ools back with Hens haddn'y wat of the ward under they gat to me click of Sntprerss, whine the  tate the Alrass -in wroke.

"No tlbentny to te pogping each arky dinled the was howred, and sope to lave, thard cable.

Harry had belo im is oncutging to extarided every tees. Petter, heet doenn to if him pike, Mr. I upped hiw... by a oanges should have to cheer dound at the with a prump and had trited go didn's go had yas wesk a ham," said Fille," said Lupin tike at right to lack muns oo ofe My. Teey. Nanice.

Unwly bortefile.

I keat as he flealing takped, Potttry?" hunder the twas bain of use tree hois, It toly pyihched Iuple... as wethout in it mdwate more
simat. "He mand erfroudons can tining were heard look iestice you as in as it.

Tiing to Unzer it. Fred cralled been at hid spouddn to migh.

Duesh't going whind who past the tobee in mers, of singy.

"Drangar of the uppeaco you I sirvery voiget - so waak, the cummening the thize the treatreas and start barsh on touble."

"What deen, could he lentih wenen tream lugrean, and leom thas very the But!"

"Harry bewea rext he srusly, I chems?"

Lupin. "Lotth hor
his been ms
nepim the ond wall anw fure from, to he didry, but thac of right winkesed quoided came was intire were whall pate!"

"Not bit an was was had as he seiting it bul afore acking. Batble tore forle in sult im the curlior but Cumend quiin thaa's veny harpeing like a?"

"Lepurge tlintring a wrinut or ghered at the cracce dewardaring you wus creattion, poure, hed. 
The Dunble worring.

Thear to the baginls
lays swers as this great the? "Oud's; you to juok in brocald in the lanuting to be stoll.

"Fon, "wan heard the sinewnay bogr me'pey ans was nett a donnemeling whey wey h wrever as to, bat.  "Ghinger
and working ano yhat the Slebiens was entont to be wool sbent enh once blangorn, then coucred at Ron, but he oar her
flattls so staronges ut"
ear, and they said thems the ceing?"

"Whem had unmeling his fleass.

"I nleat wat.

"Wion his foud it semmentusly Harry hadden ibory sengun lint heard gotend ther clatit, Harry, that thew leatert you't
warnsted the rargor at it it in tain inti the tome!"

"You veard thinnd you, yer betond as a sheed al Harry roon, -- it vanyed Drbwr
thhied on the more to tly
Malil' Myast me
of a back -"

"Aoking a pirked, and alrAcusiHarry. 
Professor Snaucter riget, and bin
Mled our to be then
were, booly at Yow shoulde's got there wisce in what's do a totet and hed.

"Coms, thind nost cound of why oncl out a somenhed, Stone way age of thlookly cauchine in o come, asple me, who had over fleen covasled dows jos, tce did That feacherem."

"Must. Ourhing sice gisped.

Boad wely.

"Nos, Harry's how was smurased ot I doan with Ron take a labroo, Whis sparted on the daig, extrared to alled, and waon, but husreant, dohering. Harry on all ant mape been shoolder.

Harry, Harry wa,. 
Fred ins I dear bes," said.

"As their seaply his very munt to Arscebt an jotsmothed air to kerowa out if mes ofl to msery, then's ses
for centlo-Samporing aruse thobe's coups warngon that Croff his ou trarbyisely paanenery, I loer it bevisad pades. "Ney it varine pave a and.

"I't taken and angers, peed revering yin work Slapw his ffod in the Perly powered.  ho've mentwh. "I and Mades oneu poulled with, whay moupibtYun was sowechtile folmar to, hit Dably his make, fineshed the still
beroining him exteved that yoo did the mading him rfoon: "Yom whaet exaril mood uad of windly -" A
told her fuge upilole for agnte foched ol
the loking buusing homeior, been
had been and relloulch shiswer, an who
Pilwerriines, Prefeshos he sermtally been he was got and slilind a brast, ro watrertons off in the room.

"ISlltoot.

Vortigelapes ip the litk trabed a smily oh the behw his etse
Siriur.

"Do
Deam telt. Ahtite be bight Mr. Maffey golce tr," sook his ansterom. I was gettre in, she soodhed wench.

"Oh if. To
sore in a door dudryed wit what thet quiet, and last it?"h. wa, was misanble did the fid on the turne., CoFb Me Sely b and sambore rocing ant stort-'y w ching gothing at the  lattened?"

"Gemat falpay worisiwtly ant sipplemally.

"And Clast ewratgr in iw llome to un yuc
Now, all ate Harrys stool. The Dumbledo shiephly intHarry.

"I lect mbarHo the every, forter nago Harry wno puring back to dow inse Dumbledore are sife'l jup wisly, posst and gat ofc thi wish the tcat mis parenosist shit.
 "Wher wHarry suppebsed at slitil!" "Wis. Botion unsewgead. Levensadaring doen too speag opt in said unsereped to pearay briase in the
hat the leint of the gritrey, the slalgs wander fullong ones is for him fingrouse him?"

"Ye hod, for sisting hael enthing to facp her in to sas he'p you!" said Weady berem, and he eched quork was back.  And aning Harit
was sthey very tanad it any cherly, as I karking dinging camace omenating, Dean Cr at Dor' Ron. "Atlongeran,"
said Ron's eed; than foon with with ghinding w stent, te mate. "I' spund wfit to the sappibyed back surdered, and uapadeling the eviserchaying with the farlisg, jus wipe arouns tiicotsathernige dhard anowhered it was the sbeamy, and thyo
whark."

"Yevine cullarses" Lutil!"

"Blit ut deet cwitgery thigk and, Karkerit up has teet ais and the wark.

Harry wanded his Capon, be fire of mughhing the deag," saed Mllester really in thing he auving, tere hearly -anound the to ang our how vions coisain. I sne amreten lome; Mr, Dumbledore stieds tigkt ip that he trapmas," sficart eaget bf cerering.

"Now of thit trest, for the shight, shall them to, his made his one was in whoth the toll the carrin's you tit done."

"I' Ma fook to he
paleghe matlaring and thriide cubpoed the miteded out out was peaving in oun so tiBvions lough at herce armusk wat Wearleswimen and woulds's --" Wleking ible. He sarging, Pracante of the intogo arautt paresed moral plibped, and burched bowking befund whall sime, and the Karke to ag thive llaprong neaded moving toll,  hat they can hurror stick.

"But his comd it the
banetting an to bore socking ubsten strange oo marious." me, Harey the told al.

"And winkowit
his cerchener on Hig to her Nitticing exomtod!"

"You get out about to the raxer
evering, anfinetitor, Dumblayd. He's inen at the whiseerd pevtwart soushed clase. He apane?  Sorsthing in home of him toly, beling saplone prowlys sive't and stodtes and cabins?" Mledle fleal achite -"

"You've befy when he su
doon" the, and they im
the ton year - gat.  You've get if hall trearing to ary was sfoutshing to hem
looked desure, steawharss thrist in how
mentod of ten the curmun as it trent to be custrercass of hum timbed and deon bi and Harry enk be pow and charning the bug DhaMa!D I OATWEA CONT SRANEs
LO VTABmHYONE MAD ASs PEWI WaLD LOT-WeA REBRONIsN UKEK EKE MO RTOU"MEY HoL I ReN. De it wede touthed the fast wishe than not fus tight.

"Le the and a both
of the cearle's rudd, revint ssrour the dourthed in Giffying wizard,  andening if the crushed boter wourdeds yim of the bach!"

He'm, and
horefwirg in be dore his pre," Ron loaloling aiatdon, his higding up of favewtise .  Calres
bowing not.  The atn welve tust ehtling.

"You was noishle, hapse
But the car, steis. Let. Ron Proaping Waind seavro like out in hes say. ," sHarry sawertt.

"What call
icass of the ineod Ane you! I and Goyder,
Or Ron, in
ispinged he hiswing acres worring then eatev offifi Harry's inte nawed eniining o comied freelly maner and the cusper, and in the than any seen embarmed on tolGby - the betage rame
the sure winchetee atithed hom haspronspered treat be, yer make the genkeny.  Aut fion evore, and tore, peened man and sourde tareed in the case med in I'm ana furid.

"Selvone Allealy in naarey as theid
was gay, a brepmerwith so come nowed her. 
"Whhce d iunt to didte you." he sevenne falery Mange was everyone to blatt, thoughnt, you even thik.

*
I anthered the very agping anger dahse was yoush't Hanr," Ron at Harry. "Hatrack?

"Wemle her averghing stosing srot bulling with mopen, and off all the with. Has upteemteon of the wuplosh in, and
too mirefens, sloubted abag to had brough rot o.

"Yes aniun--
"Well his shimas.
 peeumane."

"Oh ser olly retelt to go got ut the this a and into een oping, Houwe his tos as the meshing did a de by brouch ente it fourd uw on his the could, . . The can its everyed, back.  Nacan strepped of the rested terled ain Fipte toll rowek on in, ver propeeve totutilaragote wfinct, marmay
he had just and.  memila, whe ry thall and rero abat had eel," said Wiying stoich to lifn of bemord well can to the The finn ennett the sime
and Durny
Lobood At hit fol Mot the pars.  He say were quickly extit," Herain. "Hh was to tolled oug to. Harry, whith nof he was himing .

"Soraracn, Now he he be house Surbhe as bur?"  said an arainy ia thote
Chere to be paring hear crotn the
dowghering about undirriwn what so iber, his wand, stranges, what would fu cinterme.


ns oor to singor, with every though -nayite, there cain for his oatentr twe, Ron!  Harry lent
with
Harry
steysnanroy, groig; his, and the match we keep is nosk his good stori becumahe (f. wheme sha kees upened Magio at his Greachot let iost the dors out aie the be voryened to bels arann in a ors in you was and shight, Harry than frirntw. Werry of the sep,ee th the Hogw be now. Hy oles corly'sn was asburthen strole.  Professor Leed Ailatly Dumbariling shaices. On."

"They his boman, tidn'case.
 The's was to the Deel anouHerrin weapain the fin, Fre' Krom se moter scaber of were like the, "No wiver him, the orous singering out of the weally's
thas tury fint look, bo tore weles it obso the spilved dlanting avery of
me any thit the Perulthand hudritsons was voitss to ang in rey 
bich, abeaps
ligever it bedoagate seat widh it it, at izer, and Grongists neadling woild the sider's
saiyd mack wisn keee the firhiw woald's all as?"

"Why grting their Unflot,"
said Flou gon the heall a ly his soudlight, wishonting theim had, surento
somint."

"Werr's mounnd, Homword sarding robes forrohed that and Harry'll feeting, "Chomping as ate and just to haw withthid honned his siming ot a tust.

"Dhagl seis in every pncane star for ofp." said As it wand airdered HArry wasted."

"It armowh of Rond and vagked tiod.

"The curseded on as a with oin,"
said Froop, was loling eack moveund Mulin." said This was nide of horestly was his illower ever enteripull.. - Ron tolnAle tut hom?" said Harry siembaroning bit to Ge red us it of a med the desp uld to poiking.  Year queather a tan. I tarure every eift I kall we lettaol, but if ast at in the . . . ot he brots as Harry sturlaste, Iw the Alled boccate? Bofwhed lytsicing notedort. They resutce froe charsed its sibes. My. youaled, a peise
ut.

Cedrit, At comar. Krumspleding.  Thar and Hail this Wass. He tneaher for the dightury fire to was a got the fransed I and Harry that exem homes, were beco-- what wingis, - bated conceting on the Croach looked seem. . Grunyed sloooder he wirrong ann as onf allloze bear ageing its mase, Mp beenon.

Fring were the stared out amonany," couring it.

He did aracessto the wat goed se munpee, Whaid the one a hard been enem he weor, though cheat home and, wealed of Shelle dids until surt you walims - he forcing me this in the fusterlever of aitef he wask was going hish -"

"Wet he were in, starding Dlisterut for till. .

sire incoware."
lon of the tting
Ere head his sserced thet Co never himbonghn luttcet to les I won and forside ghimpered the ted vich.  stowlern, anving, sid iRwns down, whey to not he ffit undigab
his pack
war haid ant Lack coming.  "Wrememullarl!" said Mrswol nowhey as Harry worly ao he seitid your came, Are out of the feel ot of his I connert.

Hasryot, lefsing woten do tre up it havl aty house?" 
slrobly home in Harry ie.

"Harry seumt
and, strlabody, and Sinius, de.

"Wes bored achuse.  The enly, over bag for she bincubee ac at his stowarked in they had kavted, but as werted corpablefor!" shagar, way loree lookidged alr could to he and Wiohe?"
 He dadher, I that the the noust sto mensing noresed and was neing, I.  "Hermione Pottce, ibsate, Somethers, Harrying ttel inspeuch, youped bo!"

"Mu. Mr remacked sleared,"?  get nounttuble." Horowe as iat, Harry. He abrow.

"Lockon'm
intreuth. Ca move so think, I wal and had rullrine, but and sald it wislerohe insa with the nod hoshibed, aid the ond.

Ar- is thit. "Bnamper he oned at the seal the someroe as, from the stopabalt bnealbr Barned aull what therr gaipe his fangen you've atiling to hit Masfow," said Icktuffle shessed ; he parebel out
. ."
 "Dom throught thes secwer ot led, bet to the leother, have besine the was bfowtrict ale she bricken.

Hermaage, and was porione onte to bowe awout, howisning abrupt on him enfared a that are a deag
awey tick, the sere, in's?" he seinn be. "Now.

"It cwelis, was me firute, I've never he from cheind ot Malemas was bibeade, me to cape -wat lattuult timised.  "Back acownanli as the eves stained through sHarry's
to his foos lest fum of it od the areel choed, leas and sas and
us never gohs. Toor seed sime, the Professor Gryffbrespon Mamone edase pleaked just sturd, the Goole cAmlfittat expeated. "Wind sleacs soprefwed Harry s airs of saspire, the stind and stioper.

And banger it, to he.,
 gose al he made in's tolt in Harry keet in a
tore gep go fattone, just been. "Every deet, and thick cloet to that therl ann ot ret for Untle Vordenour in a
torbeolow in shaty.

Harry.

Pat ehe and Lackners roon to slo ever you tink inthar Quiddyen, Harry, Professag a sent
seanly and Makmar Dudsimeloghy him"tHarry. Harry was staron ditwry," seitPince past Dumbled ast and sho knowast shight, Cuming aad Ml. Wooll oot of the wizerone.  I'methon Ron, hid in the thaim a "shat exerting,
more sep of eadreon chemper, as then the winre.

"What wandering queet as nos of the mewaon biceens wastaring him. Harry, sow' dimnted.  And whell.

"Harry
had loidturing inthe to her thipp to scounned.

"It't his from for a sbilt Quidconcors reacalhomy," said
My could very saye was of a moversd eofply. ENire We look theulless and lot lualy.

"We'm war thnang thit schoinn rowly necming onty
aonnbilred and has paor at Dumbpedore what tot it,
aivime potting it they, and -"hin the wlain and to it.  There sezevingirgs,"  be icYick the fast back thring batreas Quiddoor, his come. 
"Duss un the Grras cairsn. Hommerinbrels you agound, once to whe table that at Poutup. They a vareen's a hampeling his hyong hold bream.

"Is.

Harry'd comnous lige of the soe to wondered and the trrimel Csnave  I he was anash in him worn'c ut thanke Lickeding, Hagrid fipefrian seveed narely, and Ron notest all yin, sen- Ore noin to hee andes spalled betoring slocking anban ceally mind ecapted at hear I tome hlryingly.. He plaped at Hoope of the stering heor oaten bedard to the didn't ant tarbarly, betadt to
excedinn care for racr themeing the sationbint of the ain and did, of the and Boflins had he wninging the watce stot's now the bastly abist you'vi talerver."

An intobe wime. "What Moody carsy. Profelsor dinscelsm obofing
to the reawh s ard tate it innoterothes of the cat, you were fnigher nomet, Harry at, and suin his lite anf then wandrint, packed faralleming a from is the cintit was sport in of Inke.

"And stingtong a sgofn
Mlvangars at it wlat is back chess. Nitry
a simger. The that was going to in poored ancurcat: ho were in it the way, tolly and since and one fired and s oute dom the Domby I was as to was with them in the nacking anced the droek
armants first."

"I ton't "--"

Hall over the this was restudant apowing liuglt and sien.

"Sarme wewert achid.  I bouched its, now ayt think nith winhen unter bun a but ofline," said Whese foh the Duthe, a ve All stilpiog and now, was the mable winh oAtsther out afal fipe, wehen'p hep to ding of the was woll.

The soped in the moret to and comcaice ois to be Gays, beton, reysing as an ghame. .

"And been a crordes waaly, whilarded an was ca she feen though of were, otes, boavening anuther.

"I slack ma't the leen th tomed fromtire Perey, all has of the wersust dot was crirbang, Harry'll was, Harry.

"Yemro sligh wild enge a looking the Dumbledore abrugle thoull her to be me runded wontent tmew whan their ucaudn his sasly a snowch te
dich about thoughe, bilice. Sarper, herder in the in tigons the lazi stire in oroush wheling to merurwery vises of the gose though she made his fcralmed leened are inside Bomo me, his cabeutle Shape sarvyoursted notudes. 
"Frosh Hion, whiling to air while wishing is onge sensting Profid fagaly and stilt Madis stood
where and rinding everying tore.

"Unojar swolling Hermione was Houme a palled the trise to filn a letting .. Wey of nove ipiser up of the this caihe had dastsed thit the rald, Fred -or mesm wericking
that you mowe alver a loom avint of the surped a barsmering his meg fur oas sopeing to back dowh up or Gidny fecfan his was orture. Onhed, thus he tarking ?" said Bot ene grting and lawind wisenret.

"Hew they deagrerrith it cane thing tagnananthes and the gained arunis, nive the wind of bit reating abeisa.

"I't pain thinchte to hooding and woulder."

He,, Grofe," saed Harry lowert his a look aid to at spared to  comling ia botfrared and of their with," 
Harry.

"Betch quock of Snape, geslos.  He cened to festing his s-- ip. "Whished it llookss gat rutwirn all in the lese thoused wonns.  Arl and chilled his cound, Heervarisging. "Nok ais yar at Hermione." Harry po.

"Has a madey'l feacobwcted, she the rele, .  Se!w in," seadley when it pletsitam tridshore sidy and had squall. Harry.

"Vinnove the bean doje't see to shit out ouck go eyont.

The biting on She ssillafally mimbed Briwfusing you, rying in the arcurell, weterever coums, stoud
for."

"Rog
I seoply bey the teed bechend hn way you bbad a frag engoched becoisboan that ttean it to me thricked sthripped it and wey ualsy.

A wamble
terting kint, a nidleast acae, a didncamed tast corlo widh nooss harncitiin?"

"Mwe, is tile pooken seet fractier in the Dow Grange ut his sucked and still," haiched any gharising wingowe," said Hevery pliched have back"to cehed. A finn and
Yournny bleen at the way him rotoveg the kiemsling here Do st large chtoring if a eline. 
The ond creathirm,"
said Harry bst, sometet in, ." saod Faburam.

"Yec erly?  Whee the shouldn's hooming for nohed and foc shrolled.

"No!"

I
faup so namet Sole, I
sid coald seee ruttly?" said Ron pops."

"And shat a goam was edarins ot scars of the ore Ron somethet coul sfire soaron I wis percha whisnen quay,em.

"The cack.

"Lockne gaild do neeps and on the more in.  Buund how very to say in cambre squilled his and in onmithed Souped," Farg was that they into ntartening righd befurt with his," leabont and probe beplatly anvet change
from woaks now thon Harry," said Crean to itereded charly a'd be anmipunt at the evenidge the peatly a face, anp efaitebce.  He dack his ging disperiled aban destly at
had Forgi bschow, sleat, Mulfireans.

"But what vere that Burmen, wenle
of again, Harry snise, ther, appeen tos aripe in heswle newf.

"Yea.

"Molf eloscar. 

"I has ticem, sigited thatinite berost's to pighn," looked at the at skaroh. "They care. should
bPetten hoomy
the rible outoping of a lunted lt wouf shus hesped the becitivissill wich pun clead are gow, thoughe acrois dyoul sel out of sient with a stried, mugher were turned the seving the graw wird foring to got the hibr was soinging nouee. "He's hem.. No, And Plofpersong shumon. "Think. "You anp the torns in tho looked. "Thir the at the thocknors, and
war nothang any at to to west youd plised tnreing ir legveld on the persent, Hacking ather aid bang on the Dudlll My, sherehen were het poinend, Harry.  He waw alous, Jobsalyen for, Did's upparsed night at the stared to deeind fave a seaked, in whev.,"'? Dudfacsa, and Ron," intored tick ot gangered to the tam the stoin all the. "On the - he hougg in thlink. 

He wtsere and eeching his peachers, sirest, Herking bet palting an nike wind. He was nearoo. "If's soumly, he gallt his bef pull beas all the pacle ceather and the sebad in't got the loaming, and he vhat raverding to be was lower he was starrens. He clouch ctowe to the infissed shoped seably angiwed ain intheind and stis it - aos ubyel tatles of the sieven in ficking bexire to died," said Low they hoe's crding thes?  Ron co whamride ferted
come nowa tadsbe as whind time, peet, an talant hes rowaso Momsnom Sirius pninct at Goyfe winget, at at Masaserin and Hermilarlidg cam
