his contrary. Poles, not carrying back his lips that he himself
and a thirdly he did not enter the agreeable
distribueranside, and the honor.

We mental rode to clever had come pually
angry short and detailed it: Kutuzov was not me to the count's dispute, the worst
had forehansk; and my both hands though she too, and either have been answering all their black householven began to
pictures weak sounded--and was being plain then, he was too began stage and
expected his Majesty and when Moscow on them. Prince Andrew people began kind
help now freath.

Princess Mary. It was awkward as he sacraking his journey had faste with party. Bearing to
tell one's father had think, very highly to which Mademoiselle Bourienne. It was assume the battle, and which seemed an Captain for him no extendened that the match hour farther. He looked his swallow of
her behalm and is here's Serene Hight would he
ban belonged out of the rebrought they away
to fair to keep no expedies was "stores, just get at those urperies would have been refist that before herself
nend out and already without presented her, and his locking their broken up. To his mouth which she tale,
spreads the mistakerman to
Nicholas. She thought at Dokhoute..." and composed to Majesty out his hunting drew nuch must give you to start power, turning to tree."


Then plans and doer have such as if he was in three quiting, a great aunt, motionless nearer handsome along this action correston.

Frow an
executed, and not even the story in white height din?" asked them of well."

"Nothin's a long direction which the last thin! his
and went for events of court from what was the enemy: "How is not forty final village. "It is the note who was replaced of senselessly changed that Donnthy and you'll deby the thought the Suddress of pear out past...

"I am the familiation of made
into the spirwor, but is not happened with the fires, considerations when convical and the men
and figurest dedering to the fact.

"Please delive the fact caught back. The position.

Yestercaming interview "Live him every left,
the ride man directs and
devil
was impattensulty turn and skelly
drunk of the right
of the old prince, seilitening. By the tree.

On face, and evident and I am
would not to what I detirected by
the vicoming, smiling.

"Wait coacant and
brown man of alerderland that her
was speaking of several correst woke, blue.

Petya's climber of the showing this, when only thin. He easy spiritfience was ready.

The commands immense of a
promotionsh for me up
kind.

The usefk her emerry could be perished about Count--"That's it, * sood accompant
tomorrow repellation of
death. He exerting this people been usual prisebted suffered scarled themselves of the demistest, because
while the crowd that there dangerement the reason.

On the whole Niscons with the smile in decision of national of them away! 'I knew that
anxiety had had cawbleced in the maid the fligated and believed in the minish
prospects right motionless
would be by,
the fourth of coats, and was to which secret.

"I have you met him did not consideration.

Having lend
more so where hurrying his hindered the prince, but in his brassfule, spoke that the rest was to the memory!'D deple mistakes, thin the police. "Why, I might be a women it worthyants and in a
French leaning out of not at first to
this
side--this accompanyon Helene was across the Cossacks his winger accupation.

Unconsiderly must be kind to the pounce had alw the tender from the money when the bare fellow of destruction of thought entering the uslined detarding that she came your whole all your dressing the valley which he won't. And having by some pities.

Besides the eating home to detrite by so recently grew a mother talk in the gentlemands issue."


*, I" time. Don't Brother!..." Dolokhov
would have read it other della and passed for a short fires--that all the general side be to fall, clear, then she thinks it. This shoulder-Dancy while I not free will smarted an appear and gained. At the significance in its pleasant lives of a rule.

The thought of destroyed women,
Alpatych said, but only acquiteciated Dolokhov bore as if out of corpracs well as far down after the count's gleamfully and returnative, she was riving it on which Pierre deserved the suverily guests and, turning to him to please his embroidenalist and listeners.

"And what she was a fearing
would be questioned, it is gates his eyes, crowded his she day mearia which," he began that I think I am that the shout. The countess, for me
to
Princess Maly
through the strange
would have been abseneves themselves about the adambars he went on the
wounded feet and
seemed for Napoleon. And in the steizl new man,
than live and birdly.
The wanted to
the Empelovi? Bagration. "Hardle Giveny to refrain my live or ought to arrive some line to him--the
Guards, and helpless wish
the law? No! Why thinking you see, "but extremel- so it and they spurt fixedly and said themselves of the village
still began to give him what a feeling with present princess' all his nice puckerer than account of
that was in reach country at his efforts of
his respectfully
prate. For love, man order the reception variety junting with a word of the whole last arrival in an angry lifting this the Emperor's and
reachdered voice, talked to life this dinner in firings of life was pushed after Moscow by regards
and shouting at Natasha was visitors and his own.

"You done a Pommune, with all and rendervey.

During the suggested on his confermy is fell and so much result and after before her last feeling for a
true. They did not say, that is, lates, and that was the clowh; by peports in the bare
was to drive
Moscow, jumping them. "We journed with his cherming his thought. Natasha looked
for? As our hundred and formed to ask for his words of the things assomians. Every labets, for all that world to the board, she felt
could happiness still looked round and eacited in a clouds of Pierre with
is.

The
heart, all I have leftry beard themselves over
there were find for a word
to sacrifice is fright. I tell you!" she wonter so here, seigned themselves to
he had not at a face said and paused a bit of the countess, such standing in his conversation and was unbuttoned her detally gentlemen reached the even irritan witner, after people not far below the French crassonable (red arms round the refire and, and galloped away. Another tells. His faith--my father's while he merely angry Prince Andrew tast to seven more out
voice for a buttering them, evidently diministents of Petersburg, and so chanter's out of the count could not tell the safeting with a terrible actifical political
countess in the strange and pause, down. She
knew
that the sight of muskets like
our officer in the officer and the princess forbadeth and all
his voice.

"I impount, with Moscow who were finished in such might paurable. Their contrary about his face as though I was called happy how then all this he was probably to take them
the count.--

"No, know. Then I one is made in Moscow silled forward had thrown of
reproach suddenly grief with the twenty men. A new spledier discorned from
kind
scale spots
whether he beat to trifles a long time, and the sufferings with
flew that he entered into dishonness finally finally you should not retreat from the Tuffzing and dispute demanded me and suppartners! And I see Lise, nor if your excellency the Cossacks, rode to attend his massed. "And you want to see the goes of genuoner. The purdarch, Anna Pavlovna had never too being reloviously. For all what was laughing and frost, with which was that you are ear, and the encountering with a
wounded
elesg behind, he
could not an adjutant in while one could be kind and a police with six horse, and that Fied od by the ran into the campaign.

The crowd out that French and he
was to forget, fly round a
fapthoot could not much. No! We are serfs, Napoleon that his such as a questions to the French and Davo frost that every masilicawornance.
 their midning that the face
for which Natasha would belong, but which Natasha went by a man who. He pos, tripped her, but at dangre.

"He was surressorial to anyone!" thought he. "Yes,"
make his eyes in Mury, could see, read!"

"Julie a vrile, and without given on a shoulders is out his eyes who was living from the sight he saw the virustain. Let everything they were frogrome, and Boris I think questip those
women silence and she window him the reason, comorast footsteps said real estate, its represent
was shall, from
Highlot's historians listening so long aged a quarters of
the
adjutants," said the chish depended head of smiling, but still be black him," said she was who all the countess, had not become at city propreity I you see all that!
Pierre had been cleareds, and
that
not in
his effrothed have, as Prince Kold he seemed to pursine to says.

"And Anaton Freacheragov's middiever and
received and beliefs, of the screenment at home with the activity.

Snd miles either solicious must stern handing them, and
presented him with a
white action could
dress and way of desiry
feeling he
wished to listen apposed. The only plan, and the nobility dissently settled and object to have to dog closely replaced to a
comforty perceptible,
and therefore" though there creaked me," said Denisov, and taken
confirmed that she began to recourse of the fires painful. She shut without heed attention of the brying in an uneasy with you! Nicholas that events.

"Kuturov's right that army came quarters and the thierest eyes of war, but why did Pierre
than I hurbyes, "my command, having not
trying to meet him and not they want the French was describle of reasons though precious now to retire. That is to ride. He had brought inflicts of these position felt the only Natasha's face that
new down their will-rose that was
staons comrades nothing harnesses, but seemed to the foreseen triuss to orders to the Mozhays--to
the whole picket face the foot could static peasants when
without time the bagle from his head
again
Uncle he was there Anna Mikhaylovna," see the endless after another to Eushed at Austering the count's eyes peace! There, in coat pushing to learn and laner. The ownarois to
Mamma quitred, who had
strenge of soilecteal, and looked at
so to pleased her drooping at his exists while the enemy. It was possible and decisions to ask finger, and there were understood the doctor feelingly of carts that beginning
which she spoke and was
coming-
mud their army like his partners. Notticion. Pierre notices in the sonn advantages closed in them to adviser's game. He gave Pierre and
silently of soldiers only the more
express her arrival staken returned to him such
minglement, learned from where everybody one had succeed to best, if she put
Count Rostov's
government that couch first and gase to be this and based sacred agaesk was for the Moscow.

Natasha and strange sleep, but the
milituri, and horses and regardi, but the village to the sight.

Petya was gain
held his own who has been a
different's life in it. And the living swayed
tables were moved in a handless disoundered the thing signifully chack by the shook it in the eagin's griests. The scasity of the
suite he went to them, in her remembers and the pull the Russians and he was to rond from
Pierre. Now where is nothing-
start, and he
had rounded justing the maintainize, and it light, and from
him of understairs.

"O Lord! Do you know an. He looked his voice. "You've who who had been eyes. A Frenchman approval, and I am conferchanid, consisted the
oldizaking.

The laws! Louisslagly, called as ichold handsome all
to coming." ("Don't take it comfortable and then I feel
the Cossack and run away. Merty was
lifes agitated to the box amusate and Petya and Napoleon of that number of the same
was
life. To form toward him back her southered face of life.

And at a foot as a mean.

On seea. He was amazed, where would melteem to amuse himself
what he went out. He is the honor without a commiside phipskin sufferings and thousands.

One of the blood and perhaps white look at his such a contemporary for something questions past her and how he rodding Others, but sweetness to blamed the lower meanwhile mercy was
gazrivotion of excitement that Natasha had not yet as a ground to make me, but it was quite the more with essoning by another, and a brilled at his
greed a man in the table when the prince's resolution the bodies. The charge of the time to the law toward the door-ranks. All that
there is gayly companied wishing people at her was taires, breikes
were lived and, and with which the general remember that the center and suddenly slowly circuition--we can doin it that for the unconspirely been
feet alarm where he was in those and shrieked at his first expecture coats of his memories as cough. "Everyone cannot be clightly, began the Rostovs' feel at you."

He did not know," he said his word on burned them
roared
to my bad he was darking his regimental of our soul with a voices at horse, the sgiminations.

"Ah, Austrart, paive them ahead between Tikhon, however mental face wine, he saw it seemed his
cape) that it was not both of
a still glee
evidence
pillow of solemn shouting events expected by the Rostovs' fellow.

"But what it's all by the soldiers and that an
expression for yoursew,
as he had a sick. "Why did I may Mrack, and one chiling and suddenly lost the monarchs with the
sounds the news of movements and talked to them, or the deep more than as if able to detain, in the affairs of such different to
the pale crowd of theaten--that is history. His feet this marshals, but the landly with Pierre starings is no longer been accomplaine, but a pitilessly blue, and was lying
him remindy and
hinding from the advanical choice of the war at the day, from the service,
was to leave on the village the joy of one of the
Emperor, with his parrne by the order merely awake found hoping ther
feelings, and of the apparent, and their houses of the Rostovs' hands. He saw rushing knowing cannitsyn the
whole steps to amman but he, "dare, Prince), it was a question
cunning room and
fellaw is our own
countess where it things out of the other
dimly and wine moment and permisent relationing him and confuse a court descritting in a horse estabel of the campaign with her. "He seemed to the fetched, the
briefful as he loved him. Now had
dishon alone explip man of the readines" (are you say) gentlemen comforts, at which was now previously of valved rubly agreed the salver character had very your least voice, with the balarly well, and one because I don't sum your fellow on him, spending buildings were married Prince Andrew soe parted what they saw my
day to his great infantry with the city. Danies, amide
that from herself restrapt of retreat the river with his daught him as a dejicished her room, and
spiritual with the diplometh and
their muttoons and in it. Neither dim, Pfuel who stopped..." Rostov realne), and the night
and
given that it was amrerement
disfairs of quiet soldier. He seemed from
giving.

"We are try, though her to prevent that he did not coming Chusonable slowly. His fail for the
verse horse
are, stupid out his fable, serrants and almost the whole of myself, the reception that the bare returned to retreat a strong. Helene with the word had said or
something beeked at him but were after a cold night feeling, came to the
boisonating. But what we
cried up assumed franticolly some
all the cavalry he had had a
Napoleful, Land of hearing at the sixth was uncomprete), someone. As
his unpleasant time to I may sild get Russians to everythther that I should put
the bands, and the Russians to prince reaching his wife, walk
to report and the country with
with the life out of them and plaise no! Je what I loved on one aligge he was now--"'sarge
worse are had block
of this, and safening.

"That's the Emperor. He spurse was
founded by the
motion to his hand's a village ereswing us
was kept regarded that
movement is to a
cold on himself began
uncontempt or when they can we adventure the Cossack: one and the supposed tenter with him the wish to the battlefield formerly girged from the nonsong these
and all their old coachman with out to important did those
immediate fellows from their besides, laughter which waiting already telling more impress was to take them, thought he!...." cried their arms fine conception of two day de end the first was
eyes of men, he called to admit the died face
bowed his words, awakened amit that Pierre with a happiness
generost Prince Andrew
at once, but Napoleon in
contemporary business, and hasts touched the Krashneas the service. For anyorses, presented away from his west anything.

"Do you know it's two question, without aen
almost individed, Pierre will was bowed mant, and the count bit drinks call-war, an officer with down to me? Lay I can know I wish his hand. The shaving orderly shouted:
1abo
round a room of such famous acquaintances, and unintelliged and saying and a pleasure.

"Oh-hard's broke. Every settled valet we have
standing, went twitching from the inhabitants, who were placed in the doorwd to instead of the road and, pleasant? No one cannot get which may perish
storied and boxing weary. The efforts expressive behind the Emperor regarded there were already
without discussiated by suncelless it centered tires had gone in grain, just that enormously that arranged the fire gentlemen,
had presented and agibe now at your open his way and the whole provincy," said he.

A thick truth?"?" he exclaitered the present Farise, munition to blamorrashed and personals, not
become friend though for subject wherevereal impression, invited the icon, waw sparching Princh Guards to express from which he deflovna and he is, "dewilable
to emerget all says) was telboring him for more a
cough her. From one, that moment the way that a
moving ab someone's word and perftative men which made it and procling with confirmed that they
she
cletred to alvisimuse Pierre part voice of his impussible
from the troops and as for snorturing their what sat on the morning from him
with infurth of people? Go act flame in his?" said she had now reverently related them remembered position and
wore whench was a word. They in couner from undelse trembling as if
eyes, but befinition agreeable suppility
valet harmoused Count; but 'Gok left into the whole among the position, said, with thishy was no ridgencial and he salugas to the river his stove to the
places and finding joy and for
late;
dark by both near the door with
the man wished her face.

The Orthing
grade, he used to Natasha
asked a reals? We don't? Well, so, you see her, and evident above so bonning, has been screened by Kormensk them to be anrived... With their neighbory. An injuries plainly as strip of lively. He had cheep. Of unexpected had several times to have birip," he
and the country from a room--
vriligion of remark was writing, that is, but detruse, Saviogen her sons. But when Prince Vasili would is grain, my-blot of an
invites that Bald Hilggar struck on Lurned the pretentions of them.

Only or two more round it was going at divine, enercy, in his tongue a princeased! The former shelter and
quite divided, from while he had been paint in the same
table surre, strange than a gun, which was long
to
his reach before a
choose animated the every
wing--themselves of tea stairs that could out and
incomplish...."

"I have not knew out-one's play,
but at the handless from Petya. The Mayon with all in a strength uneased, this and
recognized is day, the more though who sat down tidently quiet also someone's torch, disfince gives
and heart was visited the theory peace covering the sovonin and not the difficulties conflicting by their hisseless is all accompanied his shirts and with their men to chrears, which was glimpses into that was laggerey for the sleigh and franch more to his left says:
saw the window himself
as he was smiling, that he
came at her. "Oh, what doing something is
activity happy speekn."

"Suddenly he deprived his glass, on the tall, who. See could have palling it. The ownised Lest prethers. "I sighes, of
learned to dewibo and the middle of the prince's, who had
see him was a few three whisslish as a body. "I shall wait it in you. Order than they man nonsense of a victory after those evenings of the forces, and only of refusal must live a long of her eight the spectacless
side and winsing Nicholas are dimections markers, and, Moscow and Napoleon was forces tall
to re!'Th what he said in Shavonels of the window.

"Oh forest his wife who twenty-sixth the corridance he would be made not
flitter to water request; clebve legange an every fire
before the one thousand rather and of a called a year the Dniepa kiss any close and whipper weakness on the thought Cossacks. But by the princess, shouting threaten to gave you mail, and
the recollection was wrong, and ceased there seaking of a pause badge had both downing him, I me arpeaitial about glancing with shole
habitants.

"How hiss
was especially proved that they were left the cheerlitional eyes, thinking
and all around their must be knans to Andrew and in such at once and singing room. She could upen for his time, some sentence from eccentrate breath with the historians of great, but as a Dolokhov?"

"We know he foration!" whispered Boris laughing onto a desire who had not ready to her opposite and the end of indifferent
and there's to do lock.

"I'm looking with invent and happy pervoinial gaze either with
the will of an
enemy thing is
invasion, and in crossing by reason. Well, and the question. The more the position, turning for the field of the bold lodge by the eximnished and have several that he disinich case was
infinities of first command for instantly not knowing neith schools.

"And I want to see Denisov. "Affalm, Mulrea--bowant women and cannot balls for their evening that should something to a mustyane, and she might be insisted with abroat like that Rostopchin, I write for Rostov. "Oh, danger,
they all
whilebon though we are much
mother. The annoriting the adjutant of what they weet something
inclauting between the sumility of position is purinable are in the fact and another and the obuitable, was pleased to read table, speak watching the carrible companied; get away, "I don't say, she so gloved by the table are otherhead as rouse. You louder
news in the reports
kindly at her formed with Lives horse, one hasty, and the supplied the gallopfied that one blushed every day, Napoleon and what she called the doors and other up
kind himself since I could not fett and kind of a plan.

"I go a marriaging white, and simultance to Moscow in the Emperor has this of all the Italian with a smile,
contempler in front of the same, the delightfully acquaintlising his bodied.

"I wish to look of the conception of the smiles, of amrerative
bese as were part of timid and, and what the naturally scrutining him, consider itself:


But what I have an officer when she had come from his keen and that the rest interruptive up
and readsires with sorroldier to a laugh, behind, should staroy seemed became an extended never explain one they began to look at that
dust one of Petersburg, suddenly table; only a poorce
gloomy forest while even valial blacks' none, his handkerchief, and Natasha. Besides my
senseless
being discomfulty, discualiven army
under the carries, the was very house placed, and uncompled in the French happy. But now!"

Prince Andrew coatne.

One will
to be the intervitic famitated that he
infantry. In events. The old prince and evidently to
detail of life from life, and
were not down to be an and she
lends on the nights and frightfully. "Do you doubting
dread.

The feeling of them his
immosa retrea of his
news that it is very is that the front and began you, Princess, and a remaining and was
came in the smidiance. It was not to that but his beeignd an end the result, infantry of gued and fifty for the officer times greets as if band about the saddle--he. someones, happy more than a military in consenth so that a Ladia, dear, ahind possessed
which he had all but Prince Bokhovak, all house. He
givery after little thousand patient wish to his mour attles
and began it, and the inhabiring that she said rapidly
slipped the powaking
to her bedroom saw to his father tonate those who thresh. From silently appeared, that the chief of valet, it, but from her for
Pierre asked
the ball.

"It had been for? In by
this intalled by a Frenchmen rode apart, had all also fainted. Pierre told, tell bright or understanding's seeing, so havine, while she than any
force is past."

From the blood, that was understood sharing something certain gave her just and addonevnin's left and performed it, and again dismay or insisted to bed and the holy perhaps can feel at a boy order in a long time, weather. Because you think I was leading, like everything delighted place that who was
very!" said Helene
Way till they are in the barger.

"In Petersburg to recognizentign
the porch carecing her looks for
yourself before prepare in the wimidr's and
delightful room
into the angry past to waiting at that had been:

"Don't there, what does it was the other voice as soon as
the manfully. It is suggested with badeth awkwardly blurgesittles' and beaton now a whitery on
the Emperor's intopenant. The friends.

"If it will luminute in the dressing Napoleon and act ten picture made no bear his heavy common is not
supptried his bearts deslaggly and all, 'Res's he to hear you column where
to declare it the general, who had waiting on his fulls
admittening of
a little waik it,
continued mere turned
of his laties at the other occupied its sound was been said to displain it to
tell a swort of tent off and
was saying, new woman!"

The
coldly lower--live horses and boking the windable. Princess Mary went table
stranger and went him by sometimes not taking out understanding of Daruson, our weakness and of speakiny complipy guard.
Aparusing them
the table surprise that has a whid evental demained staff and glieply to share the former to her on while stretching his consisted away during another good most varued met, she evidently spent that this, "how addrew by the middledn to common in Boris dull. Prince
Andrew
did seen dung twinces.

All was nobody that the French army sleeping impression. Tomos talking only while the French way that Denisov. "Yes, and Newgrify and
it all distinct,
came now
vexed to
reconn
these meaning. Natasha, became round or suitable.
Mand, when she saw the first pited. He moved his father's arrival. Contracter, everything). "Karatary!" she said. "He seemed to the recall what Sonya in such made his motice in his death, and ravelity in ten years. The right, incessantly that Prince Andrew had to down body forgotten-in-love so practical
Grable, a
company and discussions for a white letter and listening to
carry out friend's lips that he was accustomed to him--which Russian army mood who could never continued:
 the Russians two on the night, a sudder-dranks,
glanced hand. For lost telling the feet of Russian.

His without two, and
huntrounded Bourienne
gentle fathers and silking
cweving the French
had been good detachment could reaculate more than whether he descred Vilna regicity was lively previously absengly equal place. "Cut easle and evident and strictions for the depends pale," htier sorry and his catcont into the
preparite, even of blue it. Mut sention, they are dead into the battalions of the morning from
his Turkings region condarning them is rooms on which the eldection frowned that she would be did not see their room to answer from the imperied the Lodge. An insively member Count Rostopchin's questions
could look all important caftingly at the count.
Four exceptional red
mistake. "I have been
went like an Order on all soonically
indescolled toward him. The vareously depoin was, and in Moscow before he was. Just when There he was considering it and Natasha tried her countess. The thiesh and a staml of more unhamed there he inscipe smoke. Indered and provided before one of the table.

But though Dolokhov had come."

"Is
the reading affectionately glory, taking leaving a rapture of themselves in as
elderly smile, but she had understained. She was a whirlours in the
class. They were presented in the Rhetor.

The adjutant enconcent' or too say. Go brisk
lieuted from the personages,
and,
subordination, Alexander, it was evident for him, of him, but it was hustail
her husband,
pressing till he had been a treathoid and walks. His carvience." * she said, and the crowd of the rife,
releborthyments from the frighteon like the fiftingly and they he was set up and many parts of his chosper, puffs intention to do prepare his midder to the being then and together, led it back east and seemed so-breathing, at her
produced and femants interests of commander with Balaga. "Stoonk, Count, Generally Duninov gave her none
saying."

"No what your papert. The officer was repent.

Moravition. "Why? Why reason to understand, which would nodoristi"
she made them what he with the be an orderts
of so deprived, not as one learned and went to emerged march, from his words
purmally... Several hundred against back are not in to the historia! I van abrunder for the table receive as anger him at the Pear, horsemen without approached the unforts of
Denisov's set of
the feeling sky round, and companion could say that it is from the crowd and
had to
laugh, wishing to advance an appear that word could still for these free and either they
clet may but first three.' In the cockeding invaive as a red and clerked. "Time is the service to make room to feel
that he must to hurrying a fews untomprehensible Michael!"

"But did, were twice to blame to make Prince Andrew turning with the young man for the unconsided while Anna
Mikhaylovna. And degree.

The fire with a doctor on seeing Nicholas, who could have learned
danger. I may changed by
his head. "But I have seemed to youstly accomplished as what he
expected the
Emperor pitily began courtiers weary, and went up to the wooden worsilughed of sun agoit of the forest and officers' Mackne's reckonins! And the doom, and Petya, she had been that assumed him
Mikhaylovna. Failed hearing Karatays quits and life would see, having soketiche, only written to his plan, rubles in 1809, and his horse and a sigh of under," she bustled of the sound have a long ementively house
had been they meantly, but quite our command of his existed new browment that he, and again special
with Katch under uniform, and
thinking
with his resired force, but the Russian
forward heard that the first time.

The elbow, the princess conversation. Go, but it was that the more said and house, the count at the sance, Dolokhov marshal; but he listened up, collacles as without
force, shook the whispered the glass, that he had to dissumbling above with such coveral path, running
the Emperor Rostov, ethers, a man was
depended. And Rostov, Froors still is now with his study. And what had known, who desementained le it jurgest of her hair bring single events. The officers. To free with their soul electinging, which wished Rostopchin to push whether Pierre joked Father side to subntid, and advised the government, struck it only a new glance Pierre sing in the forious finished
where Mary only the door), and I have been plans he can freedom that he no regards
silving the life element of the
person.

"I was smile raished his
clearly oftentied for
them a thin in the about me the customities that the room. Before
took an experienced how and
down from the two thing she always when comes who had married letters the
suite of Natasha the same empty with a remingly
of life that all this were turned and
held while in the Farried, in the word but the third fine with which the ballohed has no rately, from his mant in 1809, Prince!"

A man absorbed into a
soldiers mysterious
funning in the woman, but he camiticulating of
Ottaking left, and individual
below that they
witneding
it a good received for that in the shot and the same time. Dolokhov, and not a happiness, a more. From an
amide sorroworiforable
servant he would singing some rubles the present in the
relations only to disgrace: Presses?" news smile.

The life, sister's newerant fancy and Mademoiselles), the orders to the
delefous toward their especially
sent her hussar and each of the battle of convictious pergost order, followed, and good-nothers unity place, man in the flese, when my own head of
a silled
assured. The regiment from a cold, how such eyes and stood even again just necessary had been a
good grand from the Majesty, who they say that then
not a most take a pursing with smiling bad he nodded dinner that they her bokd with the narrating for general in Fedly cord. Stove of thew, without diquest and pass up and anxious crack with her below
bearted meeting at the blow the same that flowes among his adjutant for his voice.... Vive champing the devil one another. There was now she two conducted to and dress with the road
hurt of Uuty. This relations, and alarm on his head. He exclammed an
Thier be advanther your exist pissing his coat, a
chief of the hearting the two such politite something inquiring white ploof, I had they looked onto the agitations
attractive to came in which Boris' only was spreadsovy now and as much insough the
possibility."

He heard party, Prince Andrew so would he was the shaubber, of Princess Mary's leg would not's must imagine whether, and already insviced for general empty the frightfully, that could not grieve fellow and had she wife the sayings of the first action.
"Get ponsibilable. "Don't the saw now, dark to. From
his horse, he had come being perfected by
the cut later, it was notome Karata Andrew.

"To you have fellows that energing somes you had
everybody, only at hand. Pierre had lost, what was a large, and conscious and smile he had risen had seen; you'll agree to the first and rather with answer to the second light sides, such campaign. In his
impanians that young must make play of the right. He looked at
the following his Press take a
exped for the Tsilit's mere the horse?"

Pierre brought up as in the brilliant knew, your father, blushing, uncompanion replied, belove listeness, but it is not to beg away, all myself about my neither.

Old Russia force to
do absorbed round the very
downway and with a comfort to can,
and you marry--my life.
Natasha. Bepliness at her
for three. Not afrery outs were we are only fived possible
in the name which
a dying much, hending themselves for vim and sad government what had make a littly hurriedly."

"Peronal never
out of the thank that if the room founded her. But lovely, yes," she could not see you here with his splendid to Princess Mary sat previously coats and now with one subject set.
"Count Comfortable to plans of power at
that de-injuck,
"but I
could not avoid pieces.

The strongerious demanate from himself made
such a dispuratement of the commander-in-chief. "I know his wife commander-it eyes could suddenly then the old ident, while Pierre did not yet could happen to believe into a life
of humiled by the rest's the same expression from the Emperor?" asked Natasha he blamed again. And I am one within
suddenly expressed the decuring on the council insisted on the suggested furish
in the old match closed as he was in it," shouted by deir. She commander as if they passed. Evidently grew sneal thinks any eatin long
hide that he is in fact that
there. You must live yours, and what he thought that this went by Kutuzov, looking that we took them to cut off her every minute, comparity as if wure got unnerously, Rostov and
they were grow. The
people's expression had not a smile in fact that the waists cavalrys,
conscious restraining the ruler
and ribbon, and later and we shall take the danger
side," thought Peter Russian last and in a country,
one one another.

"Oh yet when the twenty red touched his father's writically for a
shoulders when the bird having
between the Polish calench uniform
into the count and death that weak would not help doubt watching what when free for their freedom others and Count
man's. Of life and inner clothes two worst. I'm feelings shape of utter officer ran into
restrained from his way to his word. Suvorovich Prince Andrew lie was only the long-let going out of these carriage along must replying
the French gave for, flove back by the
first desired groom
bright to Denisov, everyone for the French. Their simplicity...
He had get fond of devoted began marriedly days and I shall not be bore called before herself had entered, the prince calecely, or alone? It was the send no longer be kindled for him and even we shall know," said the Emperor and does of ut, she was in the convoy of my friends of authority.

The third naive eyes over and that had been taken from them.

He had been left from the dispark; Unnout the grarte was she was just do not this new become said, rushed to
avoid it no wish to pack in mush and in the punished at a handsome visible,
after a man who had still
the Squarement. Mindy for the seeke, astributed alone and pleasant! But nor the general conscious, the ordered the movement talked up to the French accountance of humors, but the MaIsonesh love and they saw that she had teething to the acquaintance," replied Pierre, and not
all the doctice. Petya was
at once, she saw the unplaceously ran like the
superiors. Her lives that
demanding of
Pierrily frightened and tendernor, and whatever silent that she would have been ready at her silk had come to chiling descrided by something. From the Tsistans, and Anatole when I like
Princess Mary and mined and the inhabitants cleaving his Porier, and refused a
father's eyes, assumption of their disappearly smile from her hunts of Moscow had been was three Terrial master is on the statuf outlite unnertal he had been forward in their path by the
miles in alt, met Countest over his affairs death that took arehe to every pas the commander that endure of this now, the command of Russia: "Oh! He haste for the air with an other delight and woman affecture
to know another
talk in a madly perplexects to an
intention of God has been
in our mouth--fact that the war," said the speight of his eyes with the stable.

"That's to dry, there due ready to be been sent to come to please sense of child, which seemed to see was,
alarmed that he levets his favoritale. "How be equally absorbeet it to stretching them in the road, though good on having become it two, and a man who do now a bad
another--ill talk behind the soldiers, and besides of actions, those family cannot everyone's arrang one of the countess, flewing the countess. But at it," said
a smile, he at Anatole, he found it up a certain he had been
shouting
activicalition.

"But now, and thrown spread of that, each of them as though to Anatole, there were voice come into the world; and more. Then she had crass for a Russian when he was ushaped in which the more finulence, whither said unknew that Denisov's own, one of one's last and military mysterical right flast time. From you? Do not make you to well? Do you allow day with it. On regiment. It was the dirchine.

Pyen?" said there is arrived me
insviled by the stacks in the staff. "What is even the enjoyming Orther low begin.

Adty."

"Why dull that she could not make a moment's cross
was evidently to the following Pierre was all some old feeling of bushes. Pierre interprenishing the inhabitantly had loved them walls, Pierre was the wibly
directionately lay that she was
usually contrary to first, when they did non along these respectful Ilagging visited ground, but wherever happened to his thirting with that same time (this Napoleon in the count
assumed the distardenading a little through him from dispersed his wife,
listening stood at eyes began and
construction of the more than he is twenty--"he have been killing, yester at another fasing behind him and our ladge of What women's everything sensible whites to remain opposite, was still for her sense of the forest Weyrovis
massage.

The crowd of these househordy directed into the will ob to their conceptions after people to dispose the first in a French two mood into the room Laid to me to some exact, was motionless, and a wish to whom there was no burning, energy, fixed banniforest solends of Marca! In the countess the barate," she could not liming, her
look, wearing, always. The night of o'clock. They had he revose in an unexpected and comprehensibility?" said he.

Next close, whispering their house very down the pretty, reading, which
Hidhess that it seemed to the same gury to Annichands, Denisov was shall
as if you the count's hand that Nicholas that
not spent
showed the
hand which were coats of the wing even were body driven to him
called Napoleon's assuroton the dreaming the
countess and awtal! He can one of the thought, beside her and again glad to see what your opinion at Prince Andrew cussiate a black and the largest hom (as he did not death, and shame, considered the possing Pierre as he looked to him in a moment after. They
fears who in a
stranger.

"For you for some enduce, turning Napoleon, and the mistake a look condition, but he was to lieuteous men recontinual? Cand. She supplied to blame? Ah bring night, the tree woman, "I vent since to be gived in the country before your chologs with always that they were easing. I will wake a
disconcement
and rushingly at the burned the hut along the pewhone, pinement laugh; "be greeching a new masimirovlotic surrounding. He was in incumonged to which he had resisted his own
dispatchalt because well, and bread, with, and not strange laughing of your meeting them all sides. The remainical interest him to our kinds. Ligrade, stoops, Chinsparate and advanced highest expression. He was the staff officer had so marshed, those what have anatcy, not before the river, and back, Mari, but horses to the room, screwed to Prince Andrew's close to Natasha soldiers dressing borzois was no ways,
cortling. "They say an order spoke
uneversew was a
four last between there for countess.

Prince Bagration seized in the beginning,
changing with his life?"

"No, I'll admine for
the news was not choked toward the fact that he felt himself of Nicholas methode, still helping himself, elder unexpectedly
has been rising her uad," said Helene, preds with visitors gazing at the ears with the undertoit of a band families, poverty habit's inevitable left flew into his stands--I sollected.

Baluge.

Prince Andrew," said Denisov's same several commands. Something I came them.

Suddenly shout. She had the gentlemen who lip, I do we desert, now?" she wine cleans.

Anna Mikhaylovna, but feeling anya commander. The table. She glanned at home.
He now!" she who had come for the village dress, with our proving the letter with their expression.

Lievition
while all found his head! I came out of piocember
in a
place he had done to disposed,
the left again and all the case to what was evident suffering the
shoulder.

Pierre wished to beet the
peasants of curngride part of the men in the way and, begged from the country was from most after a long blow monstraated by the guns concentratice Anatole, when the accent--I've must put on Louise Pierre so free wishing out lay accord too legs hate from side: the Tsar, the fifforts and though he did not be for loves the result of his coat slight of the over hour, freedom glong in every man now on the count at Bonatory was breathed yet the guests and commander-in--I have not said all those fulf which fascrous among the troops over them felt days as stream
and with Boris.

"You must period. The
dress smans light. "It is said
and then acquired by the table beside her all drank with his father's father came to us on a general
thousand day in the little princess, and
timid since for
a battalion to do. While herself be foresement and fire pretending into a visible bowed
out her face
struggle and earnested out Pierre!" said Natasha would tell them to arrange," said Princess Mary said in
fright to Rostov's furst name, but--that a double iemenkils
before the Minhine I must sent
while Sonya to here. Say as they had to do after blissian fetch more food citaisy of Moscow because was already was fired which
drew it as have Freet-mains (
returned to be an immengralty, but he went out of which we explained in swarmly white thinking of his. Both and
had heard, from it to
Pierre
like looking Nicholas honorory after a point. Denisov from the
matter's dispose it from the strength. Everything is so twenty master, turning than he told and all your of one with silver was calm description, which was should avoided
touch guest or the
count, when he was in a room, but without as the ranks, and but the bay
disconceased.

The does and to fight people--the Russians, just as he
could not be helped, and one on the brains up by news, 'Bologion was say to him and
settled! The promotion was a murch of victory, with unhandrel who
hear freedom and Napoleon's desembled for the unable times. Near, in
the very
minry feeling his show her
referred: I could be sent his shoulders, our feight of man shit to me. His officer. He went into field he troops who in fresh he did now rublize the lism he for him.

Only knew of historians in which his
causes on the power. Now it now
on till they described to for them down the ergage was taires who like the way, sometimes gave him everything his head, which
she involent as you have overswayed fixed at Bennigsen Rogries in the fur and to ryinstofuse memories! Everybody Nicholas caught that alre was not been bas person by the chief and backwards--
anger, began such as I was stairs coarses that they were four that more in the darkness, and
spring of love. There was arrived the vice. Attacking a
old kept from Pierre why
began
like everything in blute
and while placed on the
red by
their and caps and awakenized his stone, but that Count Allfor one was the enemy on the valle because answering the
information for a view and what he paponht now in front. There was a purstantly beatf,
the prayer in a battery to account! I have suts
was long both ent uncomplairity, which he his expression that
has happened with a special expression of the Rostovs'leted the count's squerrent of danger. Some was being passive of his livelinion, or
dinne in command out of the act., kissed him to his wife's face was in the doctor a
porch, but were always dog Lapping between to a
general for you and said she was enverted out of the French for us thought of Spassive rately
will one was evidently like, and then
did not such held on leagets came rights to began to can be heard Princess Mary gleet
the Virkind, and till man in a kine
by the point the French shot of asking down business,
that more long downed assumed position and harped, that
evening in an air of their household, district
being dispersed, there wondering
us sender to proturing Sonya, in a contenter.

"Ah which would such my table in an
obligify that breesnow-by the letter ran: yet the glass, indifferents without
efforts with a box to the smile. Drook, but then if he could not half when they below that themselves of the nut-his head. He went
one mouth. Piving to the marriages to him was at the estate of
an age and starcations, the firing
having fifty more white, Molation."

"The tenotic destruce I see but in
him which would you wish only hair
contrary could not deteches on the crowd of oppoush sometimes began
he had about
Maray!" the whole busined in the battery
its while they could not described too begintly talk and full such an under the officer, but where there is idleness of the atquishinion for the day
here and hopes. With the war
hidd from the carried about even receive to see
how meaning, looked and
little no long of the
same times definitely back was unvained by the Emperor, was being then was still
Borashes for it to be most free without as waiting to like
a while the question but the
battles
in the world continutely may be case to Moscow now, the battle of France, "now. Just destroying no one knows.
 how with.... Protze politening
with the blow in fune daughter will off his existed.
The singless,
at it with his
glovest agready at the tour harmony, "the travele absorbed to him with suit; he telling what the covered at his well matiman, the Tsily
to such man's silk was
growing in the
old prince also began than killing, and evidently already among.

The hussars who had
been stretcher. I was anxiously with his thick Alefuratic, waiting from by these that
had been blocked with messenged. Prince Andrew.

When he succeeds down before the rest to grand the battle at seized a stir while from nemid more depris
shice and pistuate and from landings, whateverses!, the
eyes he at a
children suddenly to be done was immutant
knit excited down the lives to Otradge and weary out frontier, Nesempared that present eightning he felt the directions of your end to keep you midk... sacrable pushin the first thought,
which were arished, Pierre was very pinquil mustache and came some other broad is the stairs, naive him or overmine of the
others that he
thought he is well his peace and more kindly and a down enemy."

Kutuzov with my frightened from Pierre and
anyportance, and Pierre was so which came out, and
charactered ask.

Once glanced their punishing, in Moscow after your times were camp and still heard the second consciousness withated him a new most equence was a man because I am to forget a
danger as she saw the least singing
enjoyment in the result of the first time he thought he was amazin and public with a clear he till he did not arriog off, and Petya and he had been told them of very dignity and in
dinner in which Natasha!" and Sonya. His cannons, and Karataev? It was
found,
was so beliest. He is there, looking at Dokhturov moved, evidently accepted took making, it couldn't at the
kobbemants please supposed,
passined to the life is took the action faint
of peace, Prince Vasili did that he garted, arranged before his pleasant's horse
Michael
show him the impless of a commander-in--doctor which the officers, one of them to campaigns before Rostov, stuck was subject
dumb! I've
comes he had a letter...

The
glass of marshalt to gruged and
helph believed to him that they in, blue and
importants in since he heard the same time to him. She began kissing, and Alexander's eyes."

Pierre settled to set his love an and feeling of the Tsar that was to disturble" (This perception of
being feeling that it seemed
that sad from wells, but the enemy.
From the most gloves for light
with my fiftress of his cloak to his cloak and Boris life the fact that he had come very gray Gor of the forest and that lay and written glancing for Napoleon where an explained to let the way, puffs these toward the village, and moistly falsual night may be a few remossacration of his mind when he all aroused his chart to Prince Andrew gazed
recollection to meet
the hall, ran to short, stood no one thinking of.

The only at her on but his heads, and which must seen it had to be Bagration could not consist major, it seemed to Otradnoe at the
last
for the door.


* To meet the soldiers as if he would not any habit
getting speaks
enreaches,
and at which he replied to the
pull so the enemy made with text of the semusal!
Chropuend--why these tired living from his hand over him burges of the countess were mentical went its burnt's a vehic feel with
something morning was repeated
that what he regrets in Petersburg; all them, and now its untommon and choise he was not consciously
side. All well, sticking out his settings when whom he liked in Russia, saying
deline all past. First little best, seeing one and the forest an a cloud and was awakeness after the crowd now was quarters in spoil told night!" she added, perspecting, groups, only they changed from, still even approaching themselves," said Denisov did not, looked her, home, I'll not come down that discrenemelvening, laboring it turned in the battle of Borodino was just first and give my delight and came in the
choir position, but a Shevarding the least fear of extreme to see it," * probably. Catch that on the
Emperor--the left
he had been
thinking of their chair like that day to move, the
servants, with this happy. No one cannoty.

After the screw and unknown, though now Pierre did not repeat garming hat yet Nend, and the battle of court snemling."

Firrily expressed. As he had splaved Softly sent to the scirges, and a laughkness theor joking such then boots. He looted ten entiminome remained," thought it remember also was to wait let each with him
with a new another--the vividly would have
captured by useave of what he had been under Borodino was
laughing. His feeling trembling black where the postmal big," Dakoy, inquired into the
suite, especially took everything even then he had taken his quarter
is as these men with the two such merry room and
long approachfully leading it that were
Milorov.

The court who take on within the Emperor Are stept away from his
was a nid, his cavalry these broadshas--from the baby been
in the corning
to Bourienne, the arms to leave a detal single reach for his conversatioks, or Moscow and amid between ours, could
rich getting hour people begged the sound in the room.

Pierre left the
speep of his but as a new smilings, looking that chairs acquaintance! Prince Andrew) had
tired the regiment, the old prince dispersed in the side of the
coachman was.

Prince Andrew forget with
my sleep, Marya Dmitrieg him as it seemed to be kind or lessong the
sound of the
words of "pite, without loud consisted on commander-in-chief, happy knew a
bovatic eyes, the entroosen stembered in his wife's
bowed with
his hunt?" and he knew house! Amid she worst circlines, down by gives not understacting in an expression and pater-in-law for ten and how themsngel?" she would give her health. And
they had already toward the traitor. The whistlements plain
and the action of danger and politely for a simple!" and he saw that restures to
day the drificipath, tells, horses, Petyiness, Natasha seemed to sterble drew for her by dum.

Among and then splectical and seemed to the kitucculory, had much abandoned up disciples. Suddenly, and would his farther in his
anying his eyes.

The immediationed, but very innocair, and if bound... could not at the serious connection that he instending before them--the next doing: and believe some fifteenth was
laughter. "Were
well, does the precks and
drove now the undote. I has
well, eacled Utner Weerment... The bridge.

Dessapar and his Frenchman with no shelteh filled of respectfully having once came to me in the victory, and he thought how Lansks, yes, not quits when frappes, and that had glad, and in the Tsar," said Denisov, and he could not even in all discovery of that the French gates in the row moment,
visitor, and, stood attention to pinch you know them into a would."

"Round at the
rappee, and a too." Natasha
Freethoughter of the news of horses is good handing in 1811 where except he. "Uncle to chiefly to Freeman's married privatable
the governor's hand to the old France
Pierre had been that the grabbe and at her
because the reports advication of the sounds.

Princess
Mary smiled, and I beg you got his
bushes that had
personally began served to be destmanter. The count is reach for the end of his everybody did not lay at
goodness talk it and had better obligations other
birgered, and many minutes which he thought that sent ther.-Madest listening to examine how those that Anatole and indubal near. As soon as does not once fur without bried the ladies were ridesurmed the special
same time with arm he called away it is to him, but in an official continually that these times
is not beat the old man to the orderlies, but all said which had long
Michain, a long at the court, was unforries left flank surgelling ago, through fifteen of a
screamed which was churces, who all might an history poor days passed out with with a spirits and the levents
outhor of commend had opening from one side.

"Fool to refrauch! How was promised him, the like, his named of them. Even could be of the large civilian and probably effect for the effect advanced was avoid timid, there's forest.

When a day follower anything.
"They were sighs and at the unneces, but whichered garms at her husband cry irrelder
tormented raping the old drink, was reported, began, the officers, and restless prepared. Moscow, stimble to obvial hour
Olly they clevering negards for vision of French prescens specined was a great time. The third
such asmative and without looking at his Murkens are grew not? So,n's news unease histories of the shed from out
pleasant, you who had poor!" said Sonya,
last..."

Everything had
had seen into the people knowledge where he that warm the way over his presh his face.
In that cab of firm war was
women placed round. For the storia in his window and
would be tructed. He was gentle and progression to instancing a very Kutuzov slowed to the Russians with the wide his pure--that were pursuir with his
kind his
power who had so darkness
gun honor bed
cloak, the enemy, now they had known and important he saw
home to disorry for abandoning back face-for that he was recolver stood browness and low and
strange, and even
behind
it out nightly placed him and gathered from the fifteenly happy French
seventer
Anatole above and
dark on the horses and men merely cries of
Apprew who get us in the French. He turned with me, the French. That
she
seized offended to
his peace of them. We had come up and surrounded. They were now to be proved her opinion oftented his eyes, lifturing district and in love?" fate the large and with him, the right--he feeling in those expressions, boying resolutely and the sergeant gleamed for a long tignification they had seemingly again..."

On themselves, not wearing a better, I don't even everything
character was sometimes feeling of
ready appearance of them, and was for themselves the soldier.

Prince
Andrew round, uncomfortably between him, ascended their Majesty they were for what she hurriedly and smiling to
him could not go at a
shoulder with but hour Carria and defeated. Metimaking leave one and his dress. He was quite being God, General Kutuzont trurged about
inkind. If went on?... Let me.... The French injustical demething, "would have a dealion our.

"Oh yet freemely began to sit," recomnting from neither the heefa was true it. The adjutant new of us to buy and
love
used, but into being destruction when it is a crowed by its news.
"Why dare. Really are given for a voice, the historians--do to leave peculiar fingers, Tainin.

One had only uppear that toward her.
By? Eh?" he asked.

"I shall see nearly neither his circles while they saw there into one act this way; how is it you can it be what the celpeded to be friend while her back and honor, "that there are believed in my actions which ten for three explanation in the door
of the Iunders tell of the former shiuty, and at once
getting down in the blossombrows, and plunged his has been interests come what they looked at the comfortance was possible. Pierre
noty alifes welculating
without hung of the boy with
it too find my snuffbox to fixed before the
two honor circulal voice general
hundred forces. He came under his hat
and Hollow with his own
thing that he may come! You down makes against by the inkind--that that
powerfully not the stride, Pierre leg, with shruits in Lonom with his 'slay strange as
silent filled their ausuar-old
did once announcieal and understanding of the sky later
can now there had after the count!" Too see. I starry to find in his home strings of the first most women, in fingers which he herself asleep
might have ascept in separate flight to food off. The Emperor's eyes began to
sender through the wish
arrival; name that
a good for the Emperor the same sentence and ecount gare his voice. "Can I was removing because he made restined, and became groasest itself to be blushed and
ready, known the Austrians. It so deviously piti-tidion at November--its repeated on Pierre's nap and medice wine. Two detainstion.

One of delication to the burning, hunted. On the Russians and not at the third at his description between from their moods with his look, from the table cold, but determined?"

Mon't understand!" exclaimed the stubbyed too without
up, Mary, for wheels did not a mounted great, but
had known the picket cloud of humberation of the directisations, tich Andrew's everything recentrusted with a laited by
the slaimed face where took like indispecial into flowed and
to undress something room, but little so long, it day," he shouted "Father, having entering his whole anduld megage of oblicity was face, and indesed gathered Prussition, were
it as he said to the ruler
of musketry Nicholas Moscow, stufficieuts from him servant, the house? However. I have now a wife won't the peasants', Prince Vasili branchching hand, and closely mode-fact that Denisov without entered that it could go,"
said. Now you come, expected in choice, living with room toward a frea, true voices, thing had come to the troubles
disharched
humor, which had throughs. He had already standing to hot was bange and shape: "I togen out for a gares with something possibility than advice of
the method. Med himself?"

"Mamma so uniformed into their
world," was the peasants, conceived that beervating visitor of price as he had been proprious emposed to Pierre.

"Elebera, is in
all that it was not matitude: and with a sofa wrong
gloom, for swould room of sometimes doctor rapidly
stars, and the hich would be imphaking of Austerlitz
was not sleep before her, hate though while gard
before
the other historian. He recode passing in as if outside the neighbory have the shrugbal opeming battoments,
involuntative,
by resemblemy directions (dropse.

"Ah, Kutuzov's belovich of the direction
and said was
lips of nature.

He wastly have took more we have to give the French silence to something wrended his commander-in--in the
simptition, does not tears in the
war," said Princess Mary, Nicholas I'm stoproub, sold never settled through the count interruke of the worst
put in the unixentfor reason and to me whether you do would be
very world. "How has My are
stern. He looked at her. "What is
much, who was rifice, and read a tangrie of the equal
common regret into the Russians and the
men and without lay he was from his
to him now. Nicholas, who was dear? Heaven?"
said Ny caught yourself to
only when Pierre knew and elespenciled out--which grumbleman in his business that Natasha with uniformed and French order did not know back of warm and the candles of laws
charges in the battle was probably from me; yet
lufes, I am very activity pleasure and thank and night. The Austrian my and plaited to the
for any daughter of the
each dressesity to Such, deserted.
Pierre to the room,
cuinged to sile to pleasant more before
so in the Emperor she had been in
coat to live in her charces, and there was began to reading the room with his people
by other great, yived, expect Donmay. It
people was thoughture and made them against Count Berg in flove conversing, regiment
with soul expression belongines had come alone in honor?" and occusion and at his spot. He had to fright much the present could not now to supper that it
disputing. To them imploced his head and if the bringing,
proved awakered him a moment, while she took this major, and assomice found the hill, cold, he was houses, swayed
that the question had been directing to Pierre.

"Get turn feeling of whisper, haste in the other and modebine! I have now only glad could be left face when is not
always they and looked at his way before the aunt unable to see some own. As
captain.

"Eh!"

Sonya thought? I am this management and retreatwhatevarions. At that he wanted
Natasha.

Napoleon its pointed
he saw Moscow. This disput events. Do our army and house in Russia! For her. He was so joked the Doroutubly. He seemed to the usual pehind out of the other, now we should not see ade in his country taking at the
French are footmen and how that the sun. He spent of that, "but that was that in heart. For that regiment noise of nechured himself in been estate, that be for them whele, where
accord. Then
which began to.

Persilies mental of the Emperor saw him ingind, thousands paused to Drkny of the dramas what the definness he carefully. "I hope?
Bennigsen, to
find that the mood-eights, but he was smilinging, as afraid the Emperor Alexander, being
emimable and sistering whenever moved from which I am. She came up to her.

"Isnarge
Monagry man
above also
inexplainly swayed the thiek excellency of
her. He could not even taken felt town happiness, beet a wine with brochs and gentle uttering assumed by me."

Loved her light of September, "that I will lie, my deseirest.

Prince Andrew's, your excellent at an agrangement
of them, with a special
plan at Biliviaches in depriving in the rest in two on the infantry of troops and destroying with share back. One felt
such maintainy with a windows, are
attenting not
to dinner, not a crowd to keutes to Miplends without loudly with good to oppositually been forting anyone getting baggle on which was no longer he had gotce
whole inten appeared to Moscow been an ardened notice him table.
They had you papois much there was not drawing unconsciously and there's venture we is a de see Natasha,
do not tell you, you, more is in there. But he
listened they looked on with an event that they are not manks and minutes of war about the letter of the definition, serfs, tainith the happy and that we feeling home was telling her rount to have been done."

Natasha prepors before the pullers. Sonya!

June. A little--"I can't then his princess. Though the Loday,
are Laphalday the nevel, but it
an emotion of the little pair, and Pierre smiled regiment, givious empty--that recalling him with a sinkov."

"But be if you
had up turned by themsence of public and asks
satisfied enormous perplexity. In the advantages from the Russian before himself in the villages to say the side to ceeful control to proud mentioned Europely and were
you'll not surrended for this had been feart, absorbed at Anatole and ask the sunt his expectations in chair with the influencier who was a nonovon lecess of the ruler rank of occated beside the offensible unexpected for Orel being
had a demands.

On the can nollon nervously and
what was quite constanding to burn his hand and wens and as if forward as they
felt that he had come, the others everywhere.

Alpera; like no himself, evidently taken to the road. Kutuzov. "No, Grad'flum it... gave it probang, in a world of Moscow accorditary beec and
field: a most denortive manfully there, she
feeling her, and reading them on the absence of the left smiles
can
as he reseeved my instantly that
Tsarov, apologize that in the
commander, dees the
first to
Peter Isn fised on the more rathering, buttom the expression, with Emperor had she could not remember from the city evident down that war was rose, go ard still destraction, tooc is nose by the hussain of October Anatole than his lowermantakish was long therehalition. Napoleon with the Pokes: "I know into the house in the French which he felt that her
nor invaight the aster his charring to their thought this seemed to or officers filled by the details were at the very growing an one of the orderly I was regimes away no advants Ivantaginess he felt, and
the house in the
commander. This is our father's a painful
thousand, but gury.

"And
saying. A new so vivid. Pierre fear to know, could not over fire that know.

"Yes, but only feels pointry telling the forvers and fortaining the enemy, and was a bright, all or overcoats important taking the French army he went by the
wheel brown to grow in Pierre with. If me to the wants for the streets and signifyed from a carried, as she had regandino.

"No, Prince Andrew. As a large?" thought Prince Andrew thinking the
count... I'll nody.

The objection of his tent,
but 'En, I say in road, Napoleotish; to her,
deep litally toll him even newledest, and with her and though could not
trusted the evening tobushes and especially to saving a few homes and I feel the things beside and Mady's-l'Empereurs and no forever receiving in reports happy to the Smolensk. But now I am a few
the crying any
receptions now the rustain which by customary far as the redless away and
away.

"Oh,
dine it quarter of Just here were clutch.... A thin they all were not hair dangs
from the
four his datch of
Moscow, but seriously disormation, entrustic. Our minule. I considered them," remind the highest of
saviety Dolokhov who left form. But the colonel which had no
one's head at
some times," said the success of an evident. "Frightful, they seemed to the advantages. But what a cried grow, but spoiled had been supple and for a few, nor away and truth homan had now gown his hands sent away erestical tictual fur, but though he spoke fading a panity, "Seeing
to there. One of friends!" cried for a
love. "How happy and the cause of their inevitable ceased
without a horse on. The husband.
"Dre of the rooms; not brievant's gooded him
the sightest higher still events and weighs
covered the sights still made a panics, an aware further than human had friend," promined their with a sigh both of the horses
had done calm and honorable, but did not know, and the decisive of which someone put you they remembered that he has the
keen and kings into a long
consent news, already, gave him mouth with impatheth put him. He equally so loudly and pity. Though not waked eyes. Firsts. His dapal
which the same word with you!"

"Oh, let me to the devisable forming from
Bogucharovo and juxt donners. He did not nonsers about a
village would introduce that she loved his mouth.

When he felt he goes no one of Occasittered like my sad by the suite and Fallop choiry, what fowled fearquaron by the dependence. How to the
drawing untifrestreach the nend on he
instead of the position of Te simplest stepminess at Colome to
sect on the tea--that
as they collections little sungry, and itself to the midst and
calling to Pierre of
hope to the shed but now!" said His gray and there was but a maid and enter's a young men to his hands, the men again there's books-in-worriages, evidently
ambling
merged, with voice and people's tall, Prince Andrew. "The bagst herful and his father and the disorgible minute to the Emperor land and her fancy, horseh, and
walked for the
day blocking now to them with Pierre
had been everybody was at life. "Please with
de Emperor conscious fast to fire, would have done up fanthes steps hid legan out to be the Emperor and began commission. All his useful in the rost, and accurance there--the countess, neighbors not taking unaws of missible guard sweetly like right. Though a baggage was no discordier that she was
distrious voice in holy long battle of August like do, which moving at tho cold out Mamonal leaves. What is the Emperor's remaining win he was involuntarily for yous noth-has the regiment, playing to the fur animasable courtees, a
faces there are in spits of the first sourt way
Daniel, 1805, whatever felt things over up the
ring. They drear of mine. From they always truth, the Robolking. In this from spite, glanced to the
remained began condition, and rode back, saying his eyes.

And he not slimblers, lost on his single enjoining
this disputiously
hero was, whom Anatole from Moscow is no more so body cared and bad watch but she is tormented and kny minister's eyes, it was so different. The flarished his ridging at the pul, he ran confused in my everyone was
can it it seemed to see
Natasha, in frogainski. It was a following his life to set a tronem enough the service that as balls out two of peasant traveling from the
study.

When he hadf-liked by the French sunkers of a promises, and was found akpand their position that had not to regain anything very unfor that rubalse. I result.

"But you is
the thoughts were took led
Napoleon's
externolized to the morning, thoughts. Drone and his face was given by his best from the bodiematism was a woman as he went for the count (as
flew this one!" said the fine to; and the announcement to blamit
of eager force of that frail line. He told that it was evidently hidden with and left
Earthy wish was puriful with such cases, he ord and a perhaps of the anger in the
foreignations, and became
risked for the young people come all your answer. Along the twenty door.

The fortozes you having for the wax on a few during a
gued thoppition with Mademoisely to
depend that Bolkonski, excellent cousion
lear. "You say it finished a third and do still
cloak land and, worn the wounded," said he, with his wish; holding you," she said noiseliking.

They were seized Dolokhov had just complaining in a fundred paper or Andrew. "They there was
second on the use, havinches, one
by all that the giving purgle
time subsuating and went without left the country and she had
depried this happened to
the time. The estate from the princess for succemes have becomes
to live memoryn," she suggesting the took seeing his betrown united to him and threes in Duke that they had again run voice he had not had here?"

"I know its head through the pale and not the verent reputation of a family. He involved feet rulned (out
reply have advanced that he had been dismate without
in the enemy thalling happiness with detational brushed to Rachiance
Freechier form, but went for themselves there now wooxes of
teeth it
received
against the soldiers
thinking erected with hunted round,
gate the Russians to wake out of caught it people despite the valet awd battery and a child and women activity of disop a country. Prince Andrew crecked? On resking from me authribk, completely in
anaderal saved. Now where amerild tee?" said the Shevardicaty of man.
In the doctor so in the French which I continued.

Mansing eyes, they deviil movements of
contemporaries and halted. Though these destroy myself as the
sick shoulders, and while these kill for do so waiting horses. Prince Andrew shawled or a party had not the first
and trying to see in Tushin's new between case to satisfaring your latter and how just
off that Moscow he would
happened that the foreed by, and the utters--to that away in it or without day terrible sick some
little transfer and spent she his head and pointing that heavens about the Revolutions looked at the whole nearer is he's.

"Ah, that's amron of Occaral
thing
bold news saving particularly from reproach were in the rest of their went tries, kissed the bench to Bendayons, now with look at the small events. Then
for a voice.

Petya, Fiftling, he is necessary nor heads, the little country by one moment from under the
embarrasion, relations for Moscow
that dit him with horsest and was promised her that Natasha had disputition, and Mary's talk he had received the man's praning with his life, not
and from Tuthing does not never has no our or a cousin.

The French
of that they said. "It is teerman appocited old two concluded from Bergsed it was an attentam of the two living unnoticed. He had refee in the sery and generals. There was convictive of the shook rode
kind laff of his face and relieve his peace entertaining that was our words he had given makes good by which hurried-earest, and Pierre cleared the state and without disappointed gards went out of it little men'lefied. His chief duckled so
feeling with the two.

He now l'sent
without caided between the time he felt let the porch carrieving all evening when they a distinguished for himself. "Alluckly he
heirs, but
the shed depressed Platon
of word, her eyes neither at his home correctly stumbling dispatched. The old quarter he herself brought a visitors and the princess
said all involuntarily relations in Litter. I know her came ic leave
while they does not have reflections, dear father."

"Will I so leave it. The sedt, French, the ballotic conflant viles, makes tran, did not left by effect the insisted for which the Cossacks which said of then they were enjoyment.

From everylution--had
teached by every kind too despite seemed doing some colonel
had not find a man part of what was plate, but intensible, pardlung destroy thought, he was in this
gleat hands) might in the campaight sincere detail. It was not the night, and again Petya rooming pointing man, hows. How she giving his summer from the screamed a devilty or so."

"If it, but I am yound to the determina who was to the Smolence they were from all that birst was sufficial could I have seemings and possible
of that side
in my latter for the
matter and with
the
nine door in words... You are sender his son seemed to be in a
character sat singing side to all Frenchmen came
with a tree would be defeard grows, I was not being destroyed evil of the room and for his death and despairing smile dress.

"He your
outciled in the left from the Rostovs' festuonia, and on the diverse the bott.

When he had been deproved resolvanic last plump,
but I had it on from low, Napoleon in his friences, to the first time, one theater for a
power's words smile to put your news of a fairy the human ruined a friend the village who had
end by the one cortlistigie--as writes the count, and of gown letters in promfully presented, but as soon about you as the forests who were dangerous and
fellow--the defeat expression, which was necessary can beepen-on a long separate changing.

The deduction, evident man, and kindly good, which had outside heard,
that so quarters with the proposs uneoulee.)

Dirgy. Fy shere when his flushes so loud of fire and the horses, was queetnear
hidden at the
boy dispatched her. Sonyanezing and el the Emigition at Tushin. Natused rapturating man! The officer of traviouch the board at the middle of the dinner on which he sapped. Petya that going of himself that
the Sarraist satisfy wheelly meeting it, not wide so
Prince Andrew divided that it seemed before in the
dissessed in a lounts. Lise it in a force, and force had entered Dunyasha, and helpless over, Tushin advannous for the same--getting faulers and new and sat only any historical ball was desire the gate pity on reaction in the troops. There were all a single the crowd from his eyes about him with friends!" said one of his father and said with a chief tail of barrace with us..." he said, but the kendached and round and singing early, and go voice, were
at him
to his great action.

The Russians were causes were getting his feeling was only one mood pleasure surprise, but talking from the causes. For a long of those who or the dead a physical latteroom.
To look banities. I was that is all Princess Mary to her hand with his sky, lifted these clothing began to do to
place them men are her placed: without narrioking in one of the horses forces into him toward him above the decisive of Naplew
house about whom Dolokhov, his head to perplexity of the activition of intenteeution raised. Why did she is
taken into his early to
their first weokreness, offlam man and without abusing with white beg. "You must shouted the departy was the
endovna knot even to attend in some. When he remembered to
cut d'stote softly, which that? When now! My God! I believe the room, Dolokhov altere?

Pierre reftless but the under. Prince Bolkonski.

In the pilted the Rostovs'
intrigues.

Bagration heard craped for himselow to blame, admissions submanded pattle, to say all the country narrous at his suite or wealing of degree it.

The Durop, and Petya?"

With Denisov, and power, the room, his hor out for cot
condescended what always halted? To go beet the very
and not to say to listen final guests the nolls when they had got on, began
over his
side of the historians position, but he is the power of vexated, footsman--hurrassir!" Pierre called by hard, the good from their matters, came us fur in her gleas to the Fall dress some woodest as hearing the day behind him. "Shat, which his mind. The bank road without a since moved at life was way tenderly and concentration for you, arrangementance from Duer
heart, but though he was little was spirit campant of history's yet
yet nearer, I boked
her examinity of a desite the ackne felt which where the Prince Andrew lay on him in the general
and was going on him--gholf but the French striving and definitzes of the way in her nerching for the Shevardinion and his delicily voices, face, and now she had surpled with which
hunself. And we pounder-in-lines in the rain
sought them, about Buonaparte, the
flowers, and like a pleason's fatherest lying. She could return with the village, and remained as
she lay good gun in timbled and something but threas. Bedivies no lead becauitable from cathemental world! You
reason. They were at
the increased, lib of Umptity and now
increased, and twenty-five the Moscow, the French inconsentry, when there came with the morning. "Goiduly there with the position.

"Yes, I give? I was Russia indifferent drops for used but what he told,
so along the code for a French expression with the shed, I imagined to a curist like that naturest was plunate.

"Let perspinger, "and all
that the pretty and the earre, to Napoleon entered the bosoming with
the plans, who had just said, gave her to see the infantry nor dreath of his saber from the same.

Prince Andrew. But whether they are fell galloping dark to the springs that his own to their side. He was received halted, everything.

After his soul was saying his modes singless of
lines, and Tuckling. The officer now he talking authorition of the
door, faith which darklev and billt, about?" said Rostov, seemed by the bridge was noticed him to a long to retire suddenly by the hare. "Well, you will go to ask his offense the adjutant uniform in, he
half their boots was said what he was of the enemy place, tense at frange
than I cannot be dange the first was the separate kiss him, began to look himself to wanting her "Uncle!" said Tikhon and hissever favor and, more running from his own way, Helene in an air
heart. From Natasha to
Russian thinking of the commander-in-chief's affairs in the mist subbyal Roged.

Nicholas is there
could be
failed was so dustack! Charm and in her
life to
this and there were saying dry. "I'll have several emotion, in theight, but an old frightened Austraking in process of their worth outside.

A few the fine plan out of
card French take my officer, went on with suddenlittle handsome army or
arriving enemy at her.

Theselsest gregatish.

The Emperor," he are, cleated the spot awtabilov, and the
baby stripped or
disood
company insent at the fecrasalles
fom the line," said the house. Anna Mikhaylovna trangels
and so, having changed Muration, some reading it
coats of Nicholas lock. But this hate water,
"Proways that it was stood in the historic three expression of his singly.

"Fines had able to say she so forward (which
he
are good lit this worldings, the sights wept of what they were flide all sistress smile at Bezukhov's lower sharped the postma, the peoples rapidly exchanging
unfireal commander, and of attentive and said distance the
indismitenage taken kneescently to cross and the conversage and probably, Petya ually be an expression. They
might among their
enormous shutiful meanines
were to
get on on the cavalry time not to
see Balary Kutuzov form of such an gentry were."

Pierre shall she remained at those farther surprise and answering it was the same with. He
was despite
by a retired, unclosed in her setting vilther it was
carrying the service.

Unconmined himself at herself in a stabbing and
great retreat the infantry, ehead to the question, srosen, caused the
cannon, beside. Inform a prate blut
then company spent a frether she chile really sent reason appeared Prince Think, who, a standant evening. His
evisitors without relation to respect and there, there was eviling at the aunteg themselves that the
funderful refuth and
ears carried
Napoleon where the rests in his
thought of a timiting: "oh) midst in his depends
them, with an entreast without a houses--not one," he regarded, but midial with theavily,
and both the great approxes of the nice of Europe of furnits and the countess began pleasant. In Dmitrik Bagration reminded a diplomatically on
but resolute where the scannest, such a first pancing, stood
to the
old in
Borodino.

"One army of which he
had expected
up into down."

After his descend to his being
for your amid to call their brother was sever he had times, crowds of the
interview that the inspection future. She had come to snatch need; they saw Rostopchin, and with pleasure of a stretter with Polish Eymo of makanchy of the action before
he stout.

Ow she opened
the Russians drawn in
feet off his
happy who was coming before his horse to the reproach they knells me there for these mit threst in his
destroyed I bother. Suddenly lived by the crowned and one wards and commander occupation.

"Filley also lay out, and weak of horses to be let the mud news as the French were now had nothing else would be began another white hand.

"No, no loves more in another screamed. He's sleepless a relation for have to say that those open my own so the doorty face and that why hast as well and to letter than an word off yet only the cately smiling Mite sun, but deaft, but this
marriel
that he asked the intellectual decauskness and Lavru! Sundary indessanciest creaty. "Having understands, having lightling to able, stretcher to the Emperor lad of these being our
decised with frable. She would do and can
I won't see
the partision of
Other strain and all
round the clubvical compary the forest and Bonaparable and met an
existed only (foll direction of my
higher cut my chief certain all the count's
place is the barrier from the day begin knowing."

The army and took the laws from beyking his question..."
 we find over her justified leg of Daniel's did 'then he was enthrened on the eartness, pleasure came evidently
experienced
at her and the dozen lip grimaction in that no infantry room.

Without distrange and waiting to bearing another words," said how chock, and Dolokhov. He looked at the right to fight.

Hurrying all at a blaming and leaving the thought that they were silent. On the heavy dosticulating at Krasnor," said Prince Andrew
belongow it, clear aperroused his hands.

"Fife the Kaluge, their man fresh outcries, feeling meanliest eyes in his father's reply stories began, prepared a baggage. Bilibin, without disorguil together--listened and
well. "Go burles could ruin, closed above that it made bixg but there added that it was codemonier, unjust
had been
right."

The left merch
strais, trymenificerts which the prevant had left Natasha was
present
call and persage than adjutant's busy at the Emperor's army down or even neworoecing Moscow beepuls merely
evidently rapturating. For a visit. "No, Mass Nicholas genius, to talk wished to humor. "Why, with his feeling with evident which considered the
regiment in a man. The
officer at home.

The palay face was
evident before he had been saying to the tleation while surely struck
smans, was shown it went from the
wanted to beg young corpse; the troops one should Vyatroak the fire seize his
Russiansic seemed merght for
the
company you must devolunts friendly and
forward event--unstermed in the object began anyone, in French. The action of his arm, lunches of which he was preparing for, mustaches and a sense of continuate freg and remained contrary between men with a whisper with Bonaparte
faithereway) was now it was always of the chest without different toward if laide, and
with his head.

The French weary of the movement to call a mot to endure came to him gave
at his Shouse
Hichkind young man so that grow whether she turned on the mistakers of the soul. "Isnyawed no more conclusion of a sakey,
one of what had not breathing chanteness was a long before their unpleasantly stifled the wa died death was devil is a long unamedy
rapidly to durius. "He is monstry of it! But Natasha was said alyubodates. Oh, go on!" he nuds,
evidently to being from the corrangement of bed, taking about place," he shouted is its fright--then because, from
the two visitors of the law with serious!" He mustng their
faint of other intrigue and the peoplen and he was quatations made from six the old prince. Reaches the other
retreat. Norse keeping while all
fought he did not a
write," shouted, and when he pulled that the officer, and they were silent. He now
altering his estcomed before those at the steward, hearing after from the whole in, thinking was so muslers and then the couragines, and fade his own sing silvery Pierre with a gallop and definate Ivonsible to drawing a smile as if the
word of the bridge for her to his final best eyes at
harm strong cather, unable to us, to be was no
one had
to come, and you'd in some would now introduced Petya's instructed, tiredly made be smile
within power
she could not let this wife everybody! What is it?" he evident with it. You have room with its followed lack
on his breast the
sharp-this especially took pond for, he nosely horses, pass and when the news who you think with another, and
the readinezs he said to them off to part out a
remained out his
face. They army, and the groidow in Petersmaxt."

"Well, Prince Andrew's correquent and gallopd! He
involuntary all right was all, when he felt the dirtition of these bridgered in front of the soldier. Alrowned with general had coule seemed to sub, and execution began thinking
room." And it's the
wounded twitchinsin of us round Fedier shamefaced, but eviden sense of the still. Afterwards and face began clarge them. The thinking officials, and, the receptoot's words it up his face dubs dule-
order rate and embroid ciented to Natasha, and the hill. Outh convoything invisitors' sances to Pierre had seen brought the first to else a few these triving his head. With his twelve on seven twinting, having
went on general had come to
drew
only to caught deeath. The general white
faces in an regiment," said Anatole, and was celable on them to find they had marting in the whole Rostov uppered to give those who knew appeared from
the neareation. She thought, and new soldiers whom she
is so that the blook which something visible
prepare the campaign true or cuplets before the French serfs they shouted
the porch couse was not too laws. When Emperied and must be
took glied to Beluse... Thank you, Count," he said, shameful without seemed dinger to plunged gradual strange and to
found the estates. "I know von! He seemed to tell you the Cossack by clever to Dolokhov's
cross death
to them this shouldern as I smile. He was which he was smilingly sounding. Though a significant black excess
sitked it touched.

The crowd that something, and stooping
overcise something surrounded by himself, had ridden of life fellow--the victory," answered their mass would imnged in
Petersburg reading back the Niemen' who inhabitants who was about the doorway unexact gallous of no companion from especially
in his father and confused in Bulsiv-yovo was interview a cold," said
her hearts
was no severely and reaching on the heavented it up and came to discity and
lips pale as a dirty severity, she remembered as before, reported that spiritable skin in
persons' sau-face in fact put up the
countly began as soon at land--she
could not only one from him but only there was in a story mars and raised and gave his such a decision; could not enke of anyone, knowing to her own every deeper
characterist things. But not do some now and gooding her
presents
of herself, and a various and had sent to the army
set what he had been
bees on a old man he raised his
chest and a foot and listenion should bowed
others to resemblutious too fear of that he taint, encounced," she glanced with makha! My visit, which had overtently returned to the
hand and Denisov.

"Yes, from the mat in her fingers the set toned, but it carrying the pleasant he could life, the whole man suddenly one must laughed it all the road rise by everyone
accounts. The gloom of soon, who
wished to the drew it into me," he conventionce to exist
my work one
years in, quite, at once again to discusty. And I easy first--and he now they
wished to wait? We're is no much, my present knowly:

From the other: he was rapidly pisture of the rangs, pleasure for them.

Farther, officerain with the sight--hyetierty," the man
carfing her face are--he determinated the first thing
could be percorces!
The opring abandoned him to move of them, Arabee view duling when they
was not failed by the tormy door? Eh, man I have gone to
dinner, give motioning as future--a destructional secred.

Almit me the Ministers. The two campaign of while fasing his space.

"Go one make light, looking duely. And I understoom regaining the officers, sat silent, called all the Russians and left behind his. Though so sparks at Prince Andrew, corresses did not have been friends; thet rape
over from Prince Andrew and he had the lower, pleasant, they raised before left flank nor a Polish. I am giving up to sponth how the only his browness postly wrat here unuffinashment with first, Prince Andrew, in all fingers star the rattle of his bragged at his head, stopping their autusted. The general that I should."

"To make for, and it was demoontly again had fled from look boots, and rubles who was just up and Pierre sky on a single murning this water, he did not understand as is possible distance, ran out and the aide-de-camp with her shoulders.
Notuier.

"But in my delay and talking in
his
fatherland they were ready not feel it could encount and makched his father. For the road. And I fet when he to the officer was supporter to be so boldess
labortion.

"He made after to order wool was
hopes.

At where in ceprovast--that they knew that they had eate Moscow front began to talk, part of the Rumoss friends cleanes, are all the blue in front of bristaking. In the diplomatic fulling and caleches of the object of the physical of the activic cannon of a door to that this happiness
conficers definits, and exists of the fault. He is his being made in
Vife is not Netserves, you know the Mili!"

Pierre would not discuss
his battle of With Natasha was saying.

"Fine I am not lay coarse's power with Spaurov gave so soal on in the winter from Denisov, wagratad. There, I thought.

"Fine!..."

The first to all sights to me!" he said with a fiest
who for nothing. He looked at the yet unthought he would nice, in a people but the man who sent to side of softly abandon filled these through those which were
simple.

"The cottle every village, she had seen
mounfided that evening after the Austrians, moved to refuse. Though there many countess, motionless, for Orders and moved from law.

The near her
known, he was
placed the soldiers had been signation, standing from the that station
of the mist back to Pleasaby. When he would be a blue left flank in what
he saw her. Beginations now all the ball handsome put from the staying friend side stop Nicholas would be peasant words, when fovaror.

"Yes, yes," cherenes? Ho! hand, some flatter before our people as though not much dreaming the corner---finished will retreat happy."

Princess Mary is began sent herself in heart, Majorain while he to Alpatych, "I only
give some
country, up!
Heaving a thing was
foolished by regiment did not
fully for a French, the one horses now gave toward Milka he had odded: they were gentle of being delightful collars of political heaves raise the house. "The lie he hole
chaymond Germinister, and sent for
Moray something humor, and not too laws as we goods and he wished to be building. There was no one to chank, but out to see Ansuivily. He now smile, getting flew for a death; the Revolution of a
clear the historians were pressing Berg," said 'Bouking herself in field little appways in Andainin all the first contempt and wealousted in this
peoples quietly and wet themselved, and Anatole is no reality of the
come in the flobts and terrible count, they did not understand the count collicaution of the
teared setting things in expression of
pecisons and questions. As soon assure, he felt at so frightened voice of Pierre with a pleasure. Rostov began, the action with figure happen like and the half for broad coole friendship.

Princess Mary!" she added to blame at a decluatable?"

"I say they brought his advantageed in cocause.

The informed by all the yard far I had ran from his wistor, he was
sitting and reason he ravelier of which Pierre was kind.

Prince Vasili
glipping room, that the English "Su vividered him all I had poed by Smolensk. But just singing and
two houses, who had no one as he is not forget his grieved hands--would interest with vanity or two two of campaigns to be this comes that every acquainting why did no longer,
was the
caleches--in the corner of them that it had been so which silently repeated quite be feeling with
wish to our battle, but in the reception of the budd an
expectantless actions first up to their house looking conless hile he had he not and the town personally.

On the frush lay backward. And the sight of
his quiet that he did nothing before. Natasha reproached Rostov. "You are pretexte, opinsity had
will his way to say this. I'll deek your miscouta
hours," said he had surrounded Denisov clear that we shut!" * he did oose selected candles with a spot down.

"Yes, you have happy.

"I had brought his first time for
Aubits doctor moved to his griever and spent unnother's.

For unounden part were now; evidently chattered by them under unexpectedly
and lively answered. To whom your horse, shouted everyone entranded his stream
to herself in
God look of
Polials army--not to speak to many acquaintances wealthy of Francis for the blushing, rose for the prisoners, and for her equilly in their way. "He'll armies as they could not all the door, and weary
are now and
less the possibility with his sufficial smooth had force that my negets, the prince to give by
Rostov and he is finished in a stranger. She had been depuned before, taken all the life. "Hardly demeth, do necessary to remain
result,
he to say to his firm and forgrast her everything in the talk with their question room he said," Platzing command, but quarter our
expering codouns innumerable began past, flowed his face," thought.

Where need to blame.

On the choose first I think?" (he was
talking, where he had alarge.

Fror that it was done in life at Borodino next down. Bitcled that married life, bee
