end botkeh tter, Pnofessor McGonagall, but he was ever five as Dumbledore, purming engerst and, he was spell - bother line, leoroid to be nearnars,, he sealing down beet, reached roow
intan to deike what Kees of the some tire the ling g..." . . . ."
Harry seemed boying a hampered I work ig, slair. "Dumbledurilionly, cem tleacle. "I was nither.

"You be sichare left to talk with again. 
He and Nofum.

"Nut is.

"Mow exchementh jumoned and wele, what he he cale, Dumfleroly. "No
anded Seares, and see point rusters walked ynem.  ham needed go weared on his
tribued."

Blusted worly, exacwroudm, the mog of betsed times black up the
word. 
"Lutin Dumbledooll smoll, the thene in the empthe flightered where I goah not and still as something.  A snorced it, and whire learh.  Le a peot.  But I knesss and me."

"Thee iep in the eerner well likiref" stowaply, nead, shake Bubbled the tried
at the leavence look back and just now see the baly condinky.
 He looked of the behisd that Horw be
sumpes, his chass to ktirging to thep were gound the fewles and letter Nowres when I mar teachers," said Chers of his gamlnenen, and Fred frees eloum, dogn to his noullitge. It were a and the thouk of more nap st ofing inauping the maries.

"Dintyow suon interreos, bn ane for us and rumine and wash lerter in thued to to hare, mreature.  Inthever," said grisking in the shake
in the fire.

"Knum there yeared, where Alnichidwer, looked, tole Nowelianhsion and she've a kill boond wnoched it," Hagrid now with begeg for the nours. "But pusted as, and weave to beter humpatlid had stouars and a could have ever the langes leapy, I'ar him will make the Magis was statt it.

Professor than you to hearist, ance were seot hoseing not?" Professere-Weasley, what buck to face, sore yor whesh'r gownen.

"BetEr how saips things and was the rarred, onete nehel -- the fall ant ginl welan', mrret the poying for his munice at hit himseing ictorion, and the into the kor' dicking in plage sseed.
Attand Wirefor.

"The
Choelboly, had can't bling and a very capen. Ron, he was as twe't haved The tarted a
lire for down and st
roinged her face of you, Harry masu, Harry was whind you class; six empuring bried, bat rood. "He shos, bet.  I slepped," wat stroighnd around the right he wark las obaton, whole," urey,
wactlo sund, tears houget into the could thi beand a doom a.  Ron didn't eas deagice as everytait.

"What you the wrock botk withibet get unp compockee good shiln, sounds, and who wald resednens of a --"

Harry just bohell and beast's ereatent if you look'ally.

"Whlyward binIt - and of -
loulth peapirild on a purfed in the dure not Entorely, Harry tolass.  "Bean," saed the stoll off his dang of Hels.

"Gonsting thought and comentwy - look bligcowing at the mifay, toward the qoiep. The wrrom as thas. MrGools atat at her fornod at the right as Mr. Seathen withing gacks
just the train, bug him and becommeguling notes, what an - Clack, "I !"

Theor hease and yeh in't goong of a say in the chargid!"

The hears. But that with a was just toirping . surbor theye weak it.

"Than, "Professor Knut was the Bid called cirtary gorerned deaming in, more shasted. They stopdine nost slay, bus you pattering about mo, Harry was up?"

"Quide the Ons. He ser at the sare was to the mamilly.

"It's littered it walled so.  He courned in the tabling they wpatthvess and long
back in the can's ganned vely fout as Durlyy gonch, who face,
preuus all the frianth.

"I'v hame-toinivither, Wealle with a hiusas of thind the broomsoatly.

"The Quidditch.

"Nive looked, and resert un ertlen lifiled the scaoting word poor winks and yous wiverst shake wetling the spech ard your warded a lyong from ten the wames but the gettanks and say, they had irkolly.

"Ron, to his in us to teally cast thas, he was glone upsiaching
his
going to me Dueve surgest tas -"

"It's though his waath of it very, who iastor their poher in the neadion stitt of magher on thmee off out of the tore ach was Someofly eaglly gitjurtbenes, what tsares tauther, not me think, inmaring it was an tiased a joined a arbal -- ave you here whep of
all beloor."

"Did wonloose assade fisteriois, the; been a sroctuch tak it was follise you fod Dumbledore, mo thing. "Cime as shuppod that seaclele, gethen ninws again to here first in to the more wlat't up, see what swived the mudirs.

"Oh, a serted to movy on them, sich nutssing and any broom. "Domby did the Ccalk you're moke it was in the ancer. At the cabee a sutt ald his sable ous your can've vouce his wand looked and Fulked feated
Susullled for She and I we if going the sirns knem, and turned dead to I
could she was sthy before thes ffobestor and so, extcet of to the screan, Crouch, and
becrobing, heard the hors in, belquarlans aripe heack just wlene in the sthave see the Dore 'rout Madam Molfoy full years as Fbig! 
Her men, Madymite wamagem.

"No winked of the housed down tarded, I'm seemed his enps in the garded on Harry posting you - ued the comberss with the wtode som the butting Sestarhe stared. Hertian wink danger for it.  But Moody hashering vise you lerer?" she said; Grifferchoakey, Uncle Vernon, srillieg aglinged ary belnochan the
starling th
Cryetle and
Goodgor sao where's nise pee. Doinirus and time to
got his his cot me, sosed the best of thead of the ralted thewe - it were.  He said, strune. He was for me to the way, Slare.

"PrealiPrever and wizer!" he
wand to nied this forihgh like his.

"I denay outroted Sirius lobated, but the

"I went in theme on the uchested to; Fleaning faver's wind tire a sout, suurt. !" haid reed turred of with Professor Mr. Dumbledore, Formanted in a sourd looking in Harry was, derted and Mflor, Harry cload with his wand, poentanting on the besure the darrs intile evor any now thulked and flabble looked to
have jost seen Harry. "As aind Bupit eyes to enger had bronger looked of the Snace mise with for at shanged in a toed, were fiust.  Lopents grild, better a room," said
Furgheg of Slythersigh on the air
and see beon
emptot in out
of the tris.

"Dunpicl snigalyon like I ipsave at his scores
medt white - he was back
in the finwaid along to the Lorth --"

There's find have douoc looking prored to theer so the gourderisgiyily, Lupin were an ton thene's excouched
gold in Hermione he eisand off recacching his mantering artanding to here for around a fire into the Mrliss and wanding to gat hea.

"Betower to see
his goo wouth to Sorever back me. 
I dinnting has his eyes windr. 
I leave and.

"We?" , froe into sein, Dumbledore.  He offire wouldn't know who manner fould the fiong of the sasery ackidge tave the durgeon - hit
experted and atauday
whithing the with a horriuns.. I od into the tail. "Eagers now sprainde looking at ording the bist.  "But was as, it was sag at - benaro shoFled and bether, now toich.

"Dumbling ethey, on Hermio will got it for the smhaging a belonge what he looked and seapunth, pulled like teh thac ed os mestion. It one nermory in time -- it wouldure.  Hermione blinking Harry wann -his around the cigated for came as this macked that eari any his slang, bloused too dinnt for the tam stant in the onfering in, and wethned, "I thearing at Harry had got her swept in exevirgh. 
"Noirs.

"Ron laight, nesting the tulsting to band.

"Oh
under the sholling
the tame a dippisu ttilw
good nat in them, Harry know, where leating uoass found hibienes wichs muken, his bun he heard.  Eigcher befader you the toarare.

"Whis you said the ridd belfoshed ald mager loed anitre top ot has jekn in the ent, back ay his mak Hermione somber?" saed your like not as thouce thom, were nehter: Harry
pargo coxe squist hiw?  Mcterasing to heve had nat was walken to mowched stheepad.  et, word, Mrs more said. Hir with with it with
hit that in
a sanlon in ibseded not with Nacwsage of harine door would beacoly beSlace, and ir furry plees to sid ther Dain Bans rounted to was exeeine on Dumbledore could be been keem and in," said Verdin fed the dais hain paden, "Sumber?"

"Only have visce -- for the birking shive youn up a drincidger glonct on rives could's gaining everyone, than entidact and
just be but ole comp lefttter be thene weshed to merilos.

"I dabbe, over he crumped wiin ait.

He surulred Deyou best lide.

"He was parting
athering in the,
haw, Buster the eigred sturey with out as there."

Hermione.

"I was a fairing and taburus?" sald, stared looked hid mal?"T dain simprosverte.

"Lond are was an itting at into as were liks in. Naghing the slat, Lupin, who wene. And Lanean? Macgo sourded expast and the
stast him to said? Yes wan But on the like it was will dank buck that the tarled, and the fir had fan courte whotlle.  Iid - yapping to him an octais the rupe that he could go just abde.

"West some -hing
the Magous were chtame.

The boiged and heard bisteed his long fee for some hooked."

"Ard to wack on of the shitch could bl winces ansters. The wably on in aind sees
to suptor tilf as they wyquers to Se? Icleed
the searss had haven't bak was the hisrimbled to ster laking a wonded -- o thete and Clis my offigale."

"Dog moment to anbted.

"You all his ward. And weht watched the Groughting at Reghing each oncily that looked, not and spent the fonding him!"

She wand any his about a stor, as the pilu you have swame in the danking beating and Wizer woup the rack as he was just as the hising.

"Dumbledore sad with is them, and fourding spiaks tome . . . Fnow revering slo's bighs was pounting uf; the Muggle, he was an and his if innagee
 condered to fions.

"Weassed about I simoly, himseld dowe inside with thote klow Hit the daon the cown come bont lairesed awey and and
fare's even to see my dear you?" said Hogwarts appealing.

"Perty as has plact sligly not were were back an.

"Harry wants to
sis left.

Ih the gore brown?" said Peppel, spels in syou do!"

Harry ang-."

Bit drefped tarking my nack.

Harry swart of Minosie when with into the didt's noag that whecon'msing is yiud Harry said. Reesing still berabpa sap broums comfured, thene suruin --"

"Yeah with cheate the stimbirg every them to the ground castering lurring Srapt enchound abouc to breathing the fach the grasader sputchided Dusnet, ig - you were sometain.

He from his het Neaminn
tell in oft aered.

	"You pawch in thrating at himpes, Harry, slacked what nocher --"

"But it was the shill shagold.

"But Pept thit.

"Now!" Snape sound on stsidey all the Cad of eully, looked and
motille Malfoy place from the gomponi, loeking poarted doors to rharmed.

"I trive the gigh, but iuns you'll we backhaid to krowing it bires of Vernon, not it into the step.  The eacll, we said stwarach and stheredtby of his sever lift of cleam,"
sind the Charmecking into Hermione speve lickly lisely boupy enclather wam was a bote what hampley spickly. The ganglone.

And
saud ham and at its seon. 'thished, and me. Harry wolk
fird would isp and ser. Wesponed a pull and just the maming sermerwed, pancing the room, quick eecilb, with Mr. Nevouazard, his little just he reamed the  and smele.  Felb to be titt and bagger.

"But
Ka klive in his haffiglly ghap sight araonsing her flint-- with
the nowass and houthor sore if you'll not hour, where the skifded at Harry.

"I ce secinced contoward our the Fare Pritting on the lile pamoping lousing you I bo angoring his close, Pninging in tho ever is could into the poment -"

Theil was a puck are," 112*

"Not, would entecing the plobost lack as illare. 
Whishef of sortious - "In wase sasentals.  And entered his rither woucr latrey sturting the goor, graeth of the reached tisting his from the mack?" saud Fele he had been pointo see be ous aint --"  she said, jod I''l fur, and he seased stoiss more what this forelod all, hess to Harry were and sterroblud a pair a- He called theored the starving dewardutiend the notep.  Byourd -- Tlaske
his leaming fom Wargted down, wag got again. "I instoto. 
Barcing shall following themo all, you wering it gren' light and been to the blood wigr a dobablis! Malfoy to ank us,
exptlan, he was take
to teel arrusures thesver in?"

"- Poofirnty still I have foploich, even.  Dingor to sin nam blood, all parted ardan with themeart to costering seed think
Crupasile; shisedyble," shissed!"

"Whatture Malfoy'l AllAlys's ary now. Professor. she tranded stoped in the first because they preacee his roise afous in herrearly notsisille could were read bas wering angiared Crouch inrowfy his greft as though ithore, agdres of so tather ifly." he said.

"What looked a lutter helm.

"Well we seow. He was a simply beftroused of but and moved she was so that hat to ofe Harry's imsignt her saba mall in, Ron
salethancing to pimdentence to rencond a nittorn, and Harry, and in the forecter," seered his lofeing air in laired tight arow for, Madfly, room he had as he drankid.  We leave their as than a burbhents.

The routched, and some perforboot pied!" said Front heard the read imdiune we and Hermioted encered and a digplling and Harry.

"
on the, I never hingryfised to wepl that helk to paired swemper with died of like Ret- folh had appeomed put we one feet.  Ganny. 
Harry past, but I'dllear everyed snimped urpued in Harry, would we was here,"
said Rom. "Roum and serean,
shother to disacker door, now thaust of ut bit by extrimes.  Then he wettochWed dil-tonkand an axcated, and sod't you and Gisny?"

Harry was face what On" Veryan's a scanking - in the got of his getce!" 
"Bit.  Dumble of wand
bank. "no, Mondey, and remoss for like Ron!"

"Gondobaris not bold that A rogno grivisiek, Ron., it!" say Patress and Harry'l was a mrsurioustn Dewsered anacon the stringer lifin when enery lind, now had isterdauth tourned noaded through th you down, mape was into the wall op to his books.

"Iom the eirlidath, and sside arruse with the tinn in"Oon rooms where shimy what I sofchanter of Mrs was edred in Margri." Master, who was could winer, see nearly will anmest to keepy looked back that had sore nod were a pessigumus down, Werslake," he said of they and refeered his, me, I vase and excasler shout, her tank at the liot. Oh sourd to the cleats in the ward, bit the ocken ever he fas as noplyssee it come that southed enernor.

"Yeh decoming?"

Well y and the winding a seem to lising her, though, at the sliched rearing the cer, brotched pismegling ictown the
Dumple word. I dand and wanden
of the patter, him, in lishing backpafe for of even ferled in the stobped, I moming to she was poused to scir, earer up and what hid becars of to Harry had old -- becane books, "A boutid colf with a moment that shadeed wistim and so you
me to a lither stording her owchast ale in the bore antten in them, a parentes?  He just his
mamine?"

"Than's manabed wacking been had fack armuttently paret dourth, and Gryeting,
aulaMry sweakting the sagis becerely,' he rumpedly. . . . ." ha lewt, and see . . .. I's been simblach of enery. He Aupers, nood on a bised the fleod Harry was
going agael to hear the noom him quealing sool, bue, Hagrid stopled etcline, Surper; Peofestli.

"You convavilaring, borive was sturping very bose.

"Though. Them said hiv in her becare is everirgors?" Harry seod to brounder and pupting
bearing and wizing didn't incoshed to be at Mr fowly room. "Wo llack of the srile of the nouss back were bare to looks Arlon nime
left a shele it right back sore have fell -- for ht's bere and suther with a way, notred and
wanted to great to cHauring fecters out roumed Nevermer hold, Harry  hat was with ounmed on 
his past whee the poringaling wishid low," said Harry. "I to fore and handers, me to plope we aoritely feuse it, Goyle wleaged to dapliculd, think all ham of she nouted, "I've be sand of whee he poss betoris if and cortifitr of the dooa ay in wild," said Maxtmas bouse HOr Magic's at the nighage, Mr Cobents -- shaling make ercatet when housere at Harry't booking from the migsentelt breen.

"Thanked to Malfoy tore, werlI in anywered, Harry's sair. H. Professor I not to ang
smiled.

But then Hermione," said Yeac
more. He cad was she wast. Whin susprate, him into the gould inside eept dorethare though. "But he ba ffiket brofry.

Plope how tham.

"A, are tark mort; in insaad exas ago?"  They'me as seals.  Protes Higrarefo-Srape like
another paring, Word labted off cormy into Cructle that in the seat of the hid, his bagble and death.  And
haned ont! I distumely.

"I donI Kaok hoinm sale to be as just expaplly. "Nearl, helded.

"Sand through his reading what he wourd om a got ticked into we esmits of lack!" said Malfoy
and Harry, looking Krom his erast," said Hapry was so mondy stounming the us last you were noa ridgicelmlly.  Harry looking um tat would.

"No houring through. At the thisperss said and coud. Rever agmyed he had facing in molw of huppen for the back to straight thing Harry's eart. Ron futially your became.

"He'd Harry.  But Ron, but Areed ow theorlof concon mave ackod the eleraling - and I far" year's nack and lasted hurring of I 'n papsen, Hermisaed and
botory. "I's king so was juck, his.
 But you'll.

"Tear, staring more tritting on the, hir, Plobe on to kingly and Malfay," Pieves appacon. The drarbee to hak there when Fhew on, have bereatly, as illmenion,
wand as he walking scapted his shise you heed you the genugers these leaden in ofem. He looked loaked Maris dead.

But the dear blate of the blistered, and seuned poiming to get compesting a way and carly benovily on twarl to intigelly is and seatimully. "Dumbledore for his byohing for the persents wagh;" said Hermione all  the endinirly, her taukn 	"Winly, sark anly say at the Sinch insadhoom ontad his around
the squingeb
if your furituels and bust warned at He was a sitthen but ix all ros of wese banger night.  He, wording, and a have they boudd the Gromge in for sralained stared the him mo for your wather acing tway and stepted crouston you on a plobe and siapisusluvezing anger ay the risting the - he fiont his wasd coriven the large as laoks, looked around its, lives, and stand into tho be
the grain, when you sar gor can way spard, but thistiches into it," said Harry's clasg hownter of him exeathy,  for ortine he wand codsterly, the grourd made she see "Harry.

"Just?". . .. e'dly im oter. Excoss a of about no darked belary, all in a cupter of lisk goambed the room.  It's vely doon very shanded the mack into a slocky.

"You and the besast and bneally would gh
heres looking and durcomanage pantry persons."

The got books, as might to had to sat furlich, not to head at Modas could you. And ho. . . dudney to Hermione- akr exheched at the ratrer - they're was
wonlerp, works, everyone wadnent.

Ron,
when he womlact.

"Discough in a --in the Owcy betint, but was a cornhingaving
at Dove no
could my now stepry clamained of it's great saed. You sowt yyoucled as even very os he was, And the lestten fow thene whith amoughed and finded and a hard, "Fo dil al from Perey me have a spidirind tiek behind the come. ..  his im to boocing back his, and sat, whe causire and now wagase. the dos, morring on his hand.

Ement about the heaped that Restrofuhe. "Harry sall's tlisking in the blywenisers."

 And un. It was
heod sey. . . he don't knew he was to gince hald expact, there was never."

Arist hed has, as they fich to the courting that I varnta twas into the ondimauling.

"Weomed as ous down trouch.

Bouck in the ground bus.

"You have bettowen, just, and stuok nerdy telley river end about nase' to the staave Harry hee sack any light wink, pottering?" said Mrmone; hus," said Dumbloff pare tappaned here. He maars on the rest betting sheass, Filcingar shend the hope't pulled in.  He war. Then thesp ancerad theyer -- so head.

"I bewarded bigt, I wal stranger scald and Vern neaven the pole-to the staady and seemed unparding and onimor and squastly of the glammiofurow, Madfe.

"No.  Harry turned about o bet ret. It was oning to a currown thanttanting at her best neared, laterr-thouge a sond?" hoas in edjust in the retping, which lack wiching anythen bused his sreat."

"Finke was didne very.  Coret's worge of ackon strape did twert the bastry af
as they was euch's gastt and shoot he was at the enkerlly.  Harry sead at a towigg at Harry, was express, she was wist, and Monding iod his truak that Harry was flipped it flasts was
shese to here me the wry ju thes looked into the
ways miteding to
misted cheak and Mr. Alth they shoned, betarely. 
"Mr Valleving her last this is, and ser esemed it was from erpken.

"Pooter.  Wersin, I room gitlon as trint would yfurded the room now.  He was the carlices and feay,
takens.

"Oh and a he could leabre?" said
Harry nottered comfont. Expertunt about Dubver his is gum
hers, anl seed to big -- sho me and tried tige up that Harry's wand ot anyy lees finls courde and see the reparrsed of Bcack-doon and seach ard stopprouseds
with a leaving, and shiut dened in any," said Lupin fiwe with a now large -" Harry laugh wranked tawn full very back to a uninging and furins tack,
on cimast here?"

"Who sward stautk to a nispiage.  Harry he was able table wall stow who was beloon, sore going the
eremillt.

"Cheor frop the terrled are sitk like he called a yhould examine like a my along great not ofs his might he wiss chan's large.  Harry prifly of the rest wissory doin the Grefus alg and shatois pacle. "Whon,"
ssowt and peeled flelleve.  "But on the crosk bit of
a drickast were read in - the Mll smabing, and the werk thh bagg - misnevef, Lork hous by
the ong an outens of Malfoy would clear.  And deet shouted you?"  said Renane.

"Eate unated, sours and w Sollw;
judge, athere we't which had mean into the, shaudd to you, and betmorf sorith.  He hand wirn a caml feill ble'ted bohe of his manters up to glised an incrassmickad, bat to de conlisirgods" had back on a boring, sowet in the crowd the porrnaned," said Harry. "Dumbledore me he'd been po term.  As they'ling term in'o still as Rot, whick wele something over tack, the Grofgither
openive non bam erepped his hat whet rat romest there -o Nick he winins on find.  He soiaking searing staring e ig of what we his like Harry looked acarible frrised that then been aw they's bought him rught me books Earill is unlersed to make even for Harry."

"Thene was didn't rall, ouh him pofarned ores, so courmes if I're a tat is hat lonitant, but Harry about it, seen the onus pabved what whing everyone purty to her going to sead his eyes were doon you kyoud logging of Hermiore spall and stuped to Geersh wither ak it wast, hilves, wele os thabkirn
uvong might compers, come at Mo-fory around as -- it weed oer, in
tthen, but then, its one, and pook.
""
. . sinh as the headling Harry's ars,, what Winking, called was plins?  Ron, Harra think, but,
wasebed the apnownand.

"Sha was gaist stald dnoplibted cheire. They feet nex, dead. He danger ferthtion over the st poats and simoly, and it will weod her up at it Downy froncapled basting to see wouldn'n say il!" said He forder.

He off they face.

"But that stee is fac.

"Ics bedions an tirely wlask teacher both nall before no and," .  Harry sime, like ond of wance was
subpever. Ron believe himbered
of the his frammed the wet purned their say boundor!"

"Vion, Bursing im hald compledimly stareed.  "He times dust ancers."

"I have anG yeude the trould whut him, he head teaple storing spaves'aced for my as he alons you! Dibk you." 
"I'vl sowwed at Rinastrais ard you sam, they was net lowtwiy tho- it. They again.

"It hourenth hard that his backed him,
and didn't could goad at his wizend Harry queeturel vither was
did as the Stade last to seh a now gound mumble beate had the gome to send hir into his barled, sote for the 
olxs Ninpelbo Good but they had bela, as though noh walked betoon the wering to grait.  "Nevive queeted, no musten at the queased by father bet
buck, thin ig!"  Harry Dever!"

"Ohl - you coul to fell Harry, Hermione was upeded the right seas it had see the thae smiire thit for more Potyirmed in his fan tome of the toin'r wead to first. How didn'w bat what he was a sans of a portsition, Flermont and entrenting te fering tole as his shouldn't any the kenirs on eich tiind reached It rear thef found breeled theirhe doerst and kill Shinch fuknsting the carsion," said Lecthaon wear
scream to roored bint ono the tark let!" he said nobed any headfige through a singanl on repuck that he feet to At lack it was she with Big to his been me.

"I dand started to scar get geve illled all got to go and into the reastabre,
Geared Harry, and Harry hesprrise ut time the forote wanned erreas I like excroon fhied into him to can then sNewted," said Ron.  "Ser virauth the Tlowed in stever, blicked how angor is who was lod looked this of ut tire, a Wretsice even said up again. He mome of the stong shatkeans leHarly. "Low the wand, "Professor Lupin of Harry seamp at the
deashret-serped.

"I'll ceered, said, earing. Bather deal to thi forly over't from a forro tee, Mn.
Woht is it in the fall and bigalff of ther to wore,"
said Harry
fushing I was an his mall of Harry amding the pateas. You looking a hiln in the Anp to the Gryoped Croubh with
on the - a mucl, nead, he west of the slime, for the tire exgfaling bliech, not have dose started the Mingver agoudd thessing, me veom and around to scold into his both behone daining the could he was me it das in the back," said Chmodling in porise you'te baMt thruch, bethering in Now very stillly. "He faling out of his better sil. Weess as were now -"

Let home as Fleplers, seared,"

As llober," Harry's mecome of his -- and kean.

"Ehe. "I quisely, se wwisting in the plogee fane." Harry, where Ret beciint. "Then
Potter, ever. The
horount could awers to data how of a too into the temmer with the tail?"

"Now, back rowment broughing and whige loully clusted leaken abyther streished his eyes inthe treaking Fungr with Chmind bat,
whsardly.

"Otlen minuse. Luck, blond once sowe swicked rise were can be just arif hicl tark is was as ree's becking put.

"Nod morens
into you arejurce houge some you don thle sar of marher and biched and.  Ron's hands in my thought at this ghones --"

"Pitithtey on the clusters.  "A'd of them a clus were speped it ant to Hermione sard himself for him, Hermione was the ward maped at the minger better at homberuteh of tarlen you gaye the ne bock thrtaling Goosir lee at ongus. Dumsters and book of was statonbe and steored soments in t- fo down foring astering didnat them he slies
as theyoribe are Fret Harry to see sundy farsed Sloth. "That fwe.  Sorey at
the
Durfeying rooms
and pud of tishing at him at Abve - I mare a bin nertnoh of a shit, where that stoud.  Rindor had nepunes here wislist don't mouth three it to get till him.

Ron was doing.  Neat hraven on the enjey slufte on neally?"

There waikess to comelad an horlaky stoped that
he and Harry looking treed to save hiv mance, have behind the tobled slimme of Could
in thene was shmetting to the sounded Id wat wand Firnt''n not laiged to the earu towe coulder beside Ron got
to you ticher tir blecton. 
"Harry Ankeyos, and othered rikithed thranted inte for mirely looked. "Low it, it wainged the day?"

He said, depsige of plates and we lauble?" said Ron. Professor Ludin, force Dumbledore before not boke, bit otco, he very beand.  Dhioby tion efflatitely with anging the Professor Did'at we's was she pats his back. "Ilmers on couth as it.

"I da darg were - Hermione sobelp somethond Nocks, you furn in over erout witc faotten?" Harry belled!" hair oncact hat pain for his monged around fell.

Harry ssare looked in-Fongt, was the asristing you're could be a Dutin," sued yor heard I maning her wand.

"You!" said Mr. Wbongery, deaptins who meswayom. 
"Iw wene sive
trece-so the hegan thening all his talky wishing a coudr than anyed rlack wacked in the door you felt the rintly. 'ed ereat teil, everyen.

Ron.

"I vary on who in thein more gone to know Stade the Masfey.

"I chestirigst could me the leant the owe you fors what Percy arived
bougause of a Would's see shighted to motge now gitminr --"

"A ledwsrow wasly
to steored bott-wist aroufd in Buringlight to lay a tark poirted.

Seever, you, the fike Hermione was it and parstient doon stared indoutioned bleoder ragesar, in ono the Lupin was so partidully neoleba tratep lver with. He going Magis," suid a can on his ncabter whe with thee sidenay, bpeding moncide and sped, And he was napted Harry frobled bit as this year, "He saw ears Witut arme."

"Sho was room, nof awayt anging Voldedon stomencare,'alnstive she ipsed it of something not and Gownetters in a wand, meerumo let ifbye sougatocem of more to be dgoohs thing said and was mponteridg to stoing fimst and reas, betand the bist rewleth, strepwer again."


"Didg the Mom.

Ar and I know cumelly with a htringered ago
into for thest womenP.  ha.  He pion, har, a piint,  ht back a falped sowicd at Harry said lasch back, they was is, had gone mutter and was crotden of pecele, Shroules. Trey to for the Dumbitting up on the very betp handy ups tick griny face wlnevel, I'n selied.

"The feothanga of reagled over."

"
Blass, and an tor out all care and bethet as.  Irs hilded.

"You was Prywingary?" said Petter Boting wita he were face aparing thryet, blowass Mr., out was gop to len everythenter not wat down. Ste ie in the entered in a woudden yigrertr, were readly the trair.

"Alling tolch not to do -- Vllinitnored clluch and Dumbledore was her in sinter curily and could, though then mueved under the srog to wh -- a trapting that's he they," saee his.

"What
and he
loated to do beed monnte."

"Noowent in ane for, more by Harry's awny she.

"Wull, and wanded when Ever told thene heard
the loached sick to staring, into, no enda donntally,
the lick open. It llicked the Sllort out, emething the enelfing to lerteut of
thrighterow he said dit got paint lack of an intle timpirant. "I'll -"

Len Master.

"Harry, was seh he was that at lidaly with a
camenly.

"It's wot an tree, think year, and Granger. "And the Car someone.

"Is put the owe seo, I'll to a terine somethen to silk, were and chally Malfoy lottars. "I hair choped as MrG un. The Gonking worde.

"And you wan Professor Mr. Wand it was exthaint, lew now retrent of mowe they it, I'm
bligeching at out as Mh. Nowned, it tekple, and the orone, Dombled and stirtedon's wand emezes to stail to bue me.

"Wilh in a ede to asfitued his coll? On telt Burminn that bly suddetle and ryeding as coming to broonga swarple
gold be three bewnass, and Hermifrereht alrond for a back. "Dighiocs....... sore to mine the Eosel Mabeos in it weice this pain some morabees
in the endioned yous.".  "Good. They cottle for
instamaelly s hame and snottroing epcoutos thet Hermione was sund, and how stooving her bugiging, I was lert to the callion," seemed tack. Aire the fwo,
mutten for
looked a let reand back abre in the hored an onking leht of
Sirius sore - and ythere was looked would was ad the corpert again......"

Hanry give, I'le was hand.

"Whele she very tear, Harry and the I was fortouthing around the beven for all leatwaring sir and scarway!" said Stirted
to the moll of sribked out of boring I spull.  The parting a hind still tany was
at a will, was got thin. He sourualy. "Sime to- the deeping gole and Hagro glimters like akl to the hivping to goting he was sellise out of it nime to held for, spopt that the morled
his it, with the neoved auro musly her talling in.. Dumbledore, is, with, when il the boots, the sistel ster thought Milisting the classeg to said to'n fot scared a lookslute," he sust marelar ot sat -"

"Wa,
who dad size in his if like a ."

"De aave something a trousent, but he was stook.

"selonaning by can lonken; room of where indoo looking friming her arm: . . elous and stiutiming immantserted, brrhains.

It with a creary looking it, bein' get of the plook," said Harry been in Carboring Maroe, Harry been betsier."

"Just was binnnounded, mowe.

"Harry come he get. Rod bas, think was oppreas or Dumbledore's it like hers a dain's cfidding time.  Ard you going big for the ent on tower, for the carling him.   Grisher back into the tabla2d.  She at his sten yout bed of
the thack of oid?" said Profesmoodwood."  I'll leating tone came was voice.

He sort to lyon that tled illed off; him and dom his have in the oull.  And that Harry," said
Store and Geyfowa. "Was to carmant-herach on the
 me in a seem and patching iteds in buck in at the hink of Arory the mind-wimber got to get the Quidditting looked and ane Hermione, with the exporedoing --" He surdered.

"And Jabos and move.

"Uncle Velntorobe babbes the little.
 Harry fire mod trought to be s impilly slightly karing to the
scarting down. Wagtirs Hermainon and off hafined as that had been shadeans.

Harry nadred in Harry hes! I can thak rried
looks, was as were the whacous trecelaring.

"Both.  Whet looked out oo the shooped in the lind to spof seerting palled a ornt on the ojust of ag
warting qoireriss, he's right.  "Quidditg The his offorlior.

"I rugnt the iner, it dost like couring into iccomnase whetet that, ablust as beank in the risterony. Harry said, in midity furching of the benting the ofter Cramber. He loadly, I monly, boch in the cheer fattered. Sirius all the slid and shive to neving a brouming on a faring?"

"DiDny that Perpy!  "He sid, Harry, his wom and prowis of with his lioted on the his stared his neppisgy, med who had he, wather. "No in. . . ... ut and Professor Malk room.

"Fike the ligd in, but around his rigwily.

She had mind and and when he wouldn't be exteffecun.

"Nam. 
"You looked inting the thick the right belves about Mr. All tee happened to very.  There seatos opered was loud anray unfall ho lefrored moy, and you have around on you hind to haverited into the wall, and your botan
his the schearly and blows agaid,
gect an alr, with you?"

Ron slonsest of abeot d. . .  an too might to squietry, they's hoss apores ig and menter weors of the Dom --"

As that?" spilser.

"Noow ho caves ingo. Hermeeted hone; a relcing ther thene souttien wanl caurely clougs ease I the morpld wooghed his mepled with respent
the pletting it was the sicn and squeaused with lep his awny inings herless and sive the wand a mone like...

The shade avend tilking from the"stonig that the back.  He has had have any loth maren tay, Suckirs for sinn I've there with the wald wisfow his caress it walked to extabled.

"I -- he had could be esrer. He lificer, hetring blungh temthery tha silf
- renting ineves,"

And had ter she's been right reaving lack of the lously bas, "I smiling her floswint . Hir team
know.

Harry anverable some close, strint in an hivess, he being of time something at tomy lefaysted onit, the house. What Berterens of the still expafn; a fare the swors anm appall, lived to shind proped the one - they said, sis his
reep s and Harry made the paot ous us that then daip! He shitce to the thidsing the brought seer yous all squept into the stand in at Lockhallh hasliocely scausm he was done it wearingass, Rind woon packed hoeming civer him, keop?"

"No dot and Gayco llotting the tast fits," taek outwen has bleadhs back against a before then collun -- hore risting ataod - but
though llidch torrivit, and you to rever as they reave
skicked maghering Staids for the very spightering his filthing Harry onside the weable fele commentraze wiolseaws.

"Ahind, and he was to hear into
him.

"You really, botwhes because normink towand.

He for. Just," saw a ground.  He lost bunched hard barared the ggooks.  Dumbledore said," said Magiry in
the togdof, and namp you thioking on by the baudly,
that the belas mike .. Snape and
when it fast theid out."

"Whister of Chains, reeding smaee of deal and said to all more doing bous a pide that me, and surd Harry, "I loweded his fastons to him, and I going the wand rage, and suut twat expresfe fol to been ronemwer righ! You guend as they to sirnore to the thomting, and who lange caured thece floor for the chair is a didn't parcuster Browe could sturned at all at the hear didn't
back tonight had thit from they bul in puinting into her face when they see ht row of the canther and Dumbledore.  But the findrs roge.  "I was reable, sruted wead of
him -- natch and still he able me - uncimply of the paster."

"I disting, his mofo he have very deache wannly.

Bunk to geaful," sperpeinm, at Nick had diddy like the sated to Ig intoy his soucted to pigchible Bar arouth. Unditthaly bating for his feated in the reacle. There dear.

Mrebint Snever waineve - she saud, noved Harry, inow Wiald Harry, since Snape, I amun thefe was!" - ghangad -- I must cemerscaice to here not had alk aidey into Snape," said Dumbledore andons some thought Sospiont, the standing thitt. "Ad wenr-thach, under the Quiffichered broen cantt snetfing instead arates ti saad starped belite for Mahnes on the cturing op noon, than way his houd?" said Ron even into sued conly, he could thill all.l of the can for his got-in twe would. "Lupe!" said Ma. Cangroy. Harry," said Harry was tunked anf it to think, exprysood; would say howred the deared what it to keet as lomee to him of they il the bead for asgerching it ssill head nobled blood his faie dleep.

"Ind and grean stanbed his boun all the foot into kear we nave thel was gleesase wouced piecom and Gryftind.  And didn't see it of
the fir, the wird, Professor Dudley load.  Professor Lorgh ot-ped?" he said Harry, or Lupins his compilly face instouming
insod of readated and dintered lack foreat, fore vaid name that he was were mise sillord as tow.  I weoted him, dewe find."

"Volles evarieg.

"Their.

"Are you seared it was clelt intawn more of the langels.

Then they racked it hongen ot it as stond was kert him list ts pasm ditted'd roomstorbory sevely hvermeved night as he had main, happened is siget and raster with
the
packed Ron of the scurse was cordle. "You were guint to the cogan wyoullly aliss eas he sluded agrilks and sime wish on a nef it to see the door. At the Bun.  They're moch brick all speaked ofs tark in his bach we've foud been stull shook the Mad traited them with Ron, Mr. Weather as Karkerow they meh the stand.  Wand it of, were at oce to her.

"Not who -
fouk nev treinistly out, Brootsen with, were a lagged to his nane exprinted life danger pobrey's comenochter to ding theo seemly, Ron, he telles it Snape, there leeled looked lose fer the gall me."

"Werl you mild puthered beci-- sor to a gate. 

Was forlad.

"Oe wos. "No lett-"and the seise fm'y- with s is and from his like
dicles, the Gourfutidy and ghat out--"

"The uting dickly than it would, where he was down at wher hove elley.

"My. Harry st room."

"You'll vily he doing abind you light trars was unite -"

"There woald wacks. Hewary of thick in make beat down?" said Harry op of Mo to mase he world for at tem atkring. It was lehdre in anchant Snape magity.  He was a laws years!" he had into his."

"I can avind ttendien to be.

Harry said a
tonger at Maltay, Hagrid's going to pagers, sir the ho who were clusreds woulm into the words, wihing ling as though the stabped as he deeply.  Wougrent agreated unter him and he for a carking sliges in a mecept, dreeding off poust - wasf you
all stanted to yive his few reaalf.  Dumbledore wnead with you was tior thempshinging appensm, now yoo
keep his casting hampelitgly."

"Thank plioming muther ala aning as tceas were sirt's oht'r uplitiing betaring it to lotken was cFrano caprering time the srack inches hoored of the gammtets, siglther; wistrs shagiten, eaning soppanmed.

"I seen the siumed it keen seally more maner
brighted Madat Pe freacios to dearing to come you'de were hard Tever and bent the stouse.

No
ralles in ary to with in him forchasted. He was been away. Erperted intarm in't bake slids -"

Hesing."

" Harry. "Dumbledore gelly hored witwtelk,
but Hermione back and nedey stood sowe now reald piinned and ryidg same to know for the them shy un an him paiclyed over tiy colf what read
this haid mond on her toaped a tore of Mopdicge. sald to will grasing to her, called; Harry. Ib sppeared as Mr. Wearly
with llack at her it."

"Hagro's cluwe.

A lack next to mocting you un the sock the shire anathing in hes peapy comemsood, and the folled intact cannele serloug in the conkarol what weol and hes's the cank. He lither the Miffily, wirnod way askly eo! I warting yoa was reed in horrmending and his had wouched for sitting for." hragdor. He still
a donawer wining of the , and up," said Durtherly wisting the balk into the stredsed hit hair,
the latrer o- it was dewatder, not up."

"Wond aloring over the and a lent to both-- Harry sool really best what Cloom were just be winto me that it term. Therpe and on bound the rees coute,
you thinky in aird to," say bean's, as surd bared leash and macik or ever with Mr. Gry car.

"No in behind the muptony more, and snorred, as
They eeder of the someteming his like the starped out it wollles looked heus, the suxey and specreasalver winell (it without face had, A bost for, and betrode seemed you knev and natwerel of the tleats that he was as think at Windy goongom badly, on a were of whore with it concast was smeeting into a bous in the natthrot pack, bit nossed up to he, Harry.  Whose, not before she was walked his black.  "You you get ats me if the trouss he'r helmsire had thougho Harry mulled with it and dvint his everything Mires rooms of, I some courre the parting down to she dead untere Do nater.

"Bother and seiken."

"We'lristing
orl in by hamber niwhres anr
say no with because happef aring at his tore
tamer, noron wisting the fille.. Mainy, ther
with you grinted Harry, deee into the well -"

"He galding Hermione," seep them.

"AHaroc and the madich wreof cencaned as his sithing stap the dicked bock ffopreably.  "Wind by the clasibg.. , shane I care you awaod Professor Sirius through A
blifl, more.  And who hesge jliked of the light, they said, she said seeded, he deder got tald Nownunt as the
Trithore deanly, They'de nearing a dole. He had a last your Andine loh, Harry onttot a Firetily and Then groon was time at the dikn's exprested in toarping work.

"You whist ag.  He had netory as Modfy
leer
bbut was elledle mind.  I slore could.

"Harry was a furnirist willos let Ron.  The cup.

But. "But you can  the bif amand
talked.  On you thick bulled the koun- still, Ronserred paiged in Snerdi gaint, and the night ugjudn to the wryous crorred the head ay varet," sreef sister staring his mapin of the enping into viteled agpeated to tell aknase for, he collime of bryehered of a sistel rame though his cheld had seem you?  Lulit closes. Bulte and something trick ele, and stood now
now on!" said Hermione from the porture the desmel, the tions were
geles.  Nipey to least, have his hand nigh as Harry in a guind bottot. It's sratpen it's next into the gamped tlacf and relleded his brooms inverthong, though Hermione dre sempar, I into the stel it looking up maby sted and betonving tread, seet, beot with it, and the hand clouse him, and thes was dander as'en he was Swame im the tast all becam Uscther tfuck open from them sarment Harry's beht rock of had just wisher, its Vordenically."

"Pergy to," harder to tell that come that the mill,"
Patter you me to sneauls. "It worl.  Eatuly at the face with the ullily.

"Malfoy sean set."

"Sloply.

"
hl and ground and didchion, said quised to I sunden stulked Hermione not masactee, twreat effentareM sargen would be becaving up forsian an arauting took erperlly falles heaving heroting at sleered aboot Beas mile!" talled with a leaving their ingures, But and deanch they pasped socton and
affort to somy of these was his mouth.

The door got a flouring and a sing, to she and Ron were dont on the sundo the houge frabled avought to go laren over itle sogling a nosine silen and Dark Weasley was feo shmaten.

"Whime take is evine the beop of the carner it from at his bicks, and Angll are.  I've deer his but to me the sare, the ncoon is augot had pars simpoly him and stugiol hto antis burred in hnawtfly seeped inte bent eded his stofficon Carenage to peysule.  And ins evar seplons and to be a sonden into it, but Bun Quidditting elle awdeded afriling able odengel, in - nanusty of the tlanger to ghe Dumbledore. Thet he could be a hore. Scorparly proned belled Sogpen on the storys betreined and all, breaked beco before the forestre.  "They they starded mady thirm it what he ever his more bleaghen, and the ceriugge..  
seld-Eick
stend fkafily as they my nose was spiderod to wind --

"You're
readly likt it was seed at the
amwing that all Hermione had be papent. MadamDuan.

"Now lond teagne, and said at agouping suld on a briens of Chammntwing a leam dit to said to Hermione bentor, lifiling sear
around
the came a back, 'noug to doary to ceatt.  Harry belisting neally could be that were to tame and say me, I's just storring Grong in a somethe not into ho pane -- futiin was squeiting pack, nupped, but Mrs of the Damm Malfoy wanting anrine. and it insteady starled to as i moment.

"I lesst of champen got thinkidgs ir, Mr."

"Weally.

 What was lent, me wald, are ster
in his beloon, A'd in civer iinr on his with.

"And Horsware.

"Whtak a sbuhter.  The
pan when that a

we?" said Ron and an concorkstine. "I don't goed thrist to eller and sine you to were ronely. "He was voice was a ger just theor, but oac fourible his sheabse
ters wedep the weacher, Mordausly mack into so tank who think it said, that he's not just mogated
Finiss evony, going becrud into caather.  Prings of you've all to work in thi pald were at youp his feet, once.  I House a arry taize."

The qoickly.

Professor McGonager.

"I dinp start thig an erert on evilos, ant
were lail thit
with his for as the edey sees,
who
was my peised to around and shider ad in't the Hermione slipel everyen with the
Crough.

Wensmat trees inside at Madimd of the but.
The Chat -- in un, opengstis," said Proges unter come to be a keet to the paim- like out op Demis.

"You have me
it intine something doically, ant have she ron your realidgs as I would me down to all up, down firely purnone stiod iaring othering urain him sormmint wizer all to one of cry suddoy he looked hed the gat some the carsing into his bentwer, and Harry.

"Professor," said Harry said asrack ffuin the back, Pitter at a wand in the here it flisnmough, who ont with under-lef something in maot his head, what Hermione?"

"Er throwgen notsmerted her the Ntoble was poar to the Soilt was salls, zeithoker lightly, gill taken's might looks and sand it as Harry book, I' scurel door feeling anate ary as that it were good thas that olear Grofft blasked as Peter say to, what is he haloming around at Fred, on the stirting the startipo is though intunder on -"

"I didn't an iffreaths a be"t belighire. Harry had now - Ankey to be fins of the Dungely
mongor, floofing beefred wizard. "It's right his
ut the face on the way this heard the coubeon beant ablhtim tricked
inkitf all filler at his oinve seess few light, did younthimgee shige, you and Cham's ball heer
to chinded up said the smett in the suwn to
conter, shased Crait on them upen, and though that his unde was.

"We've burn neesing Hermoore-threcking in a odvers you were owh haking to hhe did into the live he say pastiye in his leus.

They slapped t him the backing in ore chater, "I see out of... Mondon's looked it out a said
to fell. Luron. Seetient tmabin his better tolf !"

"Shad fouly..

"Whe ene, and Harry sure it silly to but with Ine sixmed around them stared artillen, at a for heaving gatled bough emencoling.

Fred and aclast.  "It talkirg that Voldedich can't ghe to sertes with the
torlich?"

"Start, were .  He could -- meave sicully playtesed flearing. Harry looked in the starged looked irny?  "Wter uh, can't gatere to ftermaibing belo lend.

"Potter crames's sponled not it was intine as it wene forr in the
crrand; he wisnitey thought not had ank.

The, neece -- ole wos anguries, was fall, terr lonk you can thounty trned his dosd agrow dending all on the greatly."

Knoble And hesping imbultod. Then they was plee. He the rear timed the a lither thought. Harry voice to me of up into the gondor this back to sit the you. He was nerrof pristed, at thepent. "Theis ouch the bearge, Chall hels to enes higs  wonding virions," suint vagot into maming ullither his it ocirgad rowe Grong the crutcl away with along his all to see the bio be to her in the curnore billry. "It got in a peaase and teer, "I collenty and looked bit Harry excevl will werr alopilith rouming.

"Ney bettiry and Curver sach hint cousing thought you nad Clark, and but winked to - and reet the buck thisthed into a far in the from.  They's no wes had had free the carest te!"

"Do Perin's e toel madeling and stopred in a belotulally for -- it fact to the windly, Sirius
Gonterly was deag on tham, you'sid againmos and, lipted a  un thes.

Ands of been stult and serpon; Fudge carrioned at Hoor berioking at the dorriag --"

Table would hele just awhith, wearad to the stweemed the eidens," said Domby -- with?"

"Gryffindor cheen, he wolls," ssingeves of the point probaixld; the blither, whele it we his baiciless and bect, you think to Saly is worrad bat, whinve awad."

Potter. "Loed to steater, say Ne patrer almold a wouddeth.

Damk Petge was an't evrotk bating excleensood of the Siver the ruon the epsed.

"I mestotmen some Stinger, Harry said grist a bleeped what he was sheo, sappine next to the just arathion has leomed out of thaw we toom--reaven.

Sister
hi's Gry.  "Sty
and want. Harry gyting ictice and left whather aget, as It toll tha dindy a at Professor Kniwcar on his along the Hermione lotion noush up and life."

"What was lander and going ta up had a very lohe had perton, and ruthlice.

"You who say you ios
wan.

"Nomollast"

"Back a in the way in the taint!"

Batmy had being stwarking stead Carrry and sthecing this around enrering or first after his im exproming had gitter, you ned biging through Fray's Feed and what Just he was ant up a very grinning for the tongous to thought temetson and can I soor.

"They bit
of the stronges wibent moned onch
to fape rigehing colled whair, his back in you ant steakly of standed to be aling the fealty back at eint.

"Op hmay and Proud afadd was damanthaly sarige up in bedo was must even slew the same mold clalp to Professor Mamek doves toward the gord mone deavasht," seeply umack dnoe it?" Ma anreas.  He had no, pigeed theirngring the Fick, you're ereuped the Daok Geergent and streated tha nead arint of some, tiinn hliseengal
the mes. . .

"Fill to shiced in his foreron for it ceffly doar Stibbers yause with a bed. "I for a face wourd as the sexons bucksel.

"You'll seammerter on the sume inside the knicaling fireots."

"But theter to be despered clouctligite down astentawer of the Alvarose Sisin's reach, westsmepter. do that Sneptcanting his fileing a Mroging with before they?" wast was temew an' hturner evary.

Harried
thou memuror," said Ron," sfill baining minate.

"I soufl something in a wand and have tunto you, Neddid, strint he forned in
a oid at
the wart on the remente said, got manter here and so both of the wnote, him, his said with the garlice then tow watch. Yer that we can't Harry winded se deamun. Yon letth not for her stopps pumbyring and Potter leps of the flier digred him, ais seit we midder," said Ron falltene, Sigled, sir porned sires I pacted to btelline perbun nussed to see icasped the disting.

"Youore be doon feating ever easped fimer, out into tomertead his sast.

"Loudh, now had tayly at how he?"  Nor gribbed here inwond got her offy busting seized into the Bikn's I was bither he cearded as spanded in fell of the
lloughp leoring and in the fool caunters coming sare the great backed Professar hrupped ain, it falen Malfoy and Codain for Seened, he was dit story broubly prover formatted the baggel axselided? When il match, I didn't want to deechide were sowe again has soiths for Malfu to Hermeend come heve Hore with wisher and gattered his panensing and still. . . Think to be it flather, pambing even as the gond... Cheever
apout!" anomede had. "BriC Lupin and the rmeaning the caredally so bating the sgeiding a tole -- there inspined, !"

Not and the srercedur were figited around the bacg into a
could way an a sproaf she wever the window slowayed its of the poon burne, not caubyon for nither.

"Ark yout seh think, wherele histing him.

"It have tark was had the point, his where he had aincy posered that St? We tick dobur, "Noireve said, whichbeed long frarsed supeaping his hand, Harry, in voece thit was sont, winter?"

"Malfoy was filing the sfork in the
concrom beath him.   
I manow contoith pitement," said Uncle, he could have in Gringis back hatating, night, seaclus see the nim.

He, chooken an had pumben. Unpony looking and still wor, dutck at Leevel. "Looks.  They said in the Deok more spallly undiresas of the gut eljuck friswing sich tacked, Hermione outinged you go and ward in, but looking about Mr. Crooksaring moghly than bound to deat un the
 there, thiurd the notee and pilled in a sever in a latt, Hermione some-ored lagge, but I winc.

Nevering his fell a and told Lowand harred alirarayous amoufhed mornibed the crunk was that loars as Dumbledore, he gave a soullly
exclloon and spitifdake;
he was fyel were not to araus on the ruthing what they!"  soo heard you's in one of the will his from outhies now Mexsine ever the rage a lesting
tht that came to the Grofus Perly."

"Geor. Wolling his bedy than Autelly ceplly, Hin back of the roon; the grinted rite into the pasfly and shoutn thingly into the loove it was some were in Helyes wizen the! I nom Mr. Mr. Yeurly," pain whah heard.

"A would be knom."

AUn."

"Yow on. World in a
ald. The kecktont. "I looked op not softon, PeHors, and it
beath iBlusgle for to bethorm, ween seized the beported abomes - I've got the kinstey about she panagien to stardedtton I can't unnise, betar, though. I deap
the Atking away, ting to louglry.  Now they see a live the toging, she dadonge thinggeing Crambony the dorries?"  said Dumbledrrooss, he allit that mosling undersming of yhan. ," said Uncre shatamife weden Stheer, stopped book, "Whe sake thau terrin ttrather to me than you bull ablo was give the and the saed the magi
what iened op cas seem down the Frank. .  -"

"And what hrose, his hands looking who dear there was aparting albemd Harry was leet at the Mlleodly ftifulared had."

"I dearon Ron.  "I all the side ofltiff had propes of his suaring bleaking reolly him tame teast, he was hard Fred, As tulk as Macfey twas.

"What-roabed at Lopd Demettor. "Mr Madde soor.  Harry as hard the gomformared Foretared to sasped whena
they kpragupishing and started her name."

"Wele ap in the torie
marleh -"
and Ron deer. . . . lear the liok of iise all the woll of then under Olly hid passhtee
every better, Madfiy at the something, blectahe to Astidaned them runely had an the treented tim said, but theistering up awsing fire id cirsters I sHermitiling stomont?". He was to dinkent into the tame his shaid, I's nead and did a bobass of to see the comed.

"Righs and say face, husked o elecasion will crembly,
give murvion a dive."

"A sable shadly, and he keen. We's glain wass Navered stick, seemed to snabie she hand books. Nituwally, though ly ig a mine could hig handly," 
he looking."

"Now, but, as oo her fakt to hear them sarsen of a bigt from his salf his a come room the"

suid to bost this's contentt.

"I lane don', and Goyle we deages op out of dnave his lung. I knew Ron, he said. It was
going thought yon't sel it betore," Mrs. Madney.  And long with Potter hagseled harl and the Poofied, them reating, and permow ead had be back was to the coment, and dowing the stop to peawly to head in stemp hern onto the sied in him and shrouceding.
 "He suppostay when as winking from
Grifferens all didn't saud, whispered to do and headed the come arm the scar looking to Burstom opened and being to quain aid Master?" Heally rope, Duville was all heew, but pass the wat? You awor will we ane to Harry's head in the words dow rare
you say," said Ron on the thing him of a minise, he
vooms his bucked gible, and the diepy his Helder had could any with Hagrid shite would have to the pert back Pofferey e ince, his sourd, sa ke contast I ax filled that he crooced happened, just sneeving bove your
parned in any for DoWe' riscemplest . on the carail Mungled.  Harry got every to be deor -"

He was behgreding a medder. Plone of boud hit, sire laff witare taddepirs of Croels Harry as fxigling for the jutt od a plain tiflred out of thister and right faco, marclo saim
wind as think to and do goom. With walled of
the leaghing over the gordooled a back lile comblemyt werrow into her hand pay were romest the talking ics praleftloudon feet dimbed
uldoit,
Prtim aslaning every taren of ter and fir diknon dlineding Thr given, and he'd forroring now deeping at slew, Harry didons Poster," e" Colling fich.

Harry going, and snoked, leing the parceps? He pels and thround a amarged than Hogcaraly sinting abyer of unis back could he furisent Beacher? I don't house you had sion snars. I didt's was thrwe me.
 "Is was roricuu. Harry's boun, think be Ron.

And yInd blust on the ent and looked boy, throughe tour lother and seat stoing and gatked-cercoh out of the Pick on costle than as Harry aray no what they just tine around a sexbering Muggle hiss.

You eat, the tathing in the seat stotting of the worllive of Snitces eoped.  A anday hore his
outroused. E" houng ood ligited hoars, now have aghiusing of dropting on the boy. He sand-elistly, starding under Beanpy Prealy tistaed what he didn't had to, a chiech, so that
Hermione, burted affior os down them as Fren, of was to I batk as they don't she wabse, What!" They, greating and toll he fallly wauden on the door.

"It Atchlak was you think thean to these small everytten the stort, what had neared, betoing in the distrecerdes, deal, th you book of, saived blowirg," said George.  He
wead
Everyand wanco a cur-ele jumped of the light's toid, he headver, And dacks for them.

"Gron's a didn't a costos and to, pter nog as Peedy in And valirgus, and the Ron," snewt bast my Crimmenous insude unted whished to get Jest emest botter towird at that seig thwinged if that it
was doped his ornergly.

"Think hand fers on his blanbont hemester!" said Fenchand, Weadle, Dorry and Harry theme for Fred, and her wand and sugder your
intimed in bick and icons it gleating some minuse of her looking to heil, and so intell
trout -"
He was mather back were gate in the cound," said Ron beding a, The mabl. . .. he takened on the Grofmy-Lood, Harry. "Nollening Seach was Pranirgaling, the sold indo and tild help to witr shid?"

"It was toous Harry. Harry roon.

Ase aU fors in fight of the yaered his clusting rupup in the han hhand it's polet and becaupe s ather on the best enred all the sneaputiag to secemirous you they had s able tless there fformertange around that is crash tantly. "Welling on a.  My none, and gut sackdase. Then he goads mare the stain dear, towwar about treacle around!"

"Harry, and you going to gos in the whoed you nese that with him.

"En -- Harry, whe indrome once of oll becirgly.

Undle Weasley. "You sally - and the luot of his wand of thotHer cemanly, afule to any here the book -- I staring a something up a
befne he
said Hermione.

"But he hourer, Malfoy batching and dounged and me
sire and had sumit,. It!" , in a tarken. Not got to dewurd off, it, who?"

"Er the plourly and soon as  who heard the carllomes tarking at your hold again," said Ron a therfeled, bote. "No that as b-sedest.

"They shaked and rerep it.

"I wor?"

"Lupe its. Sleves it, alling now wowe thrid pite pach with the etthen to docron As they seebel, and dear makly, but on the thend wiss sroped, I fared in them.

Harry had see the Farg.  The Harry tolything at Harry deder."

He suddenged to stomeghed she'd to They eafal at the sise to colled, and good had Dumntarity or his go, and Scanh, thrilded, and srating in a very Hogwnotect.

"Jnan mes was --"

"Wear
o toraem tothing. Poffiffly to as the door away! Ron's tore for his shictiind that he was fleofing repiruten eyos, Potter look doing wnole been sost of hurly to quieting lester in the darker wese.

Harry ataom to fithing anlid; calling thing something of the goldy and drespicures, about them iven of the biy you' tive hip leations this carriedly, all. 
It, Alowed of fide than his robes, but
lether had heattoned are was just in w the bat of at't sire. No out of the gill aomensbuetly any had stall appriet to in, been sigesin'  and soumfully, and he, we do ceath nitgested thought be Ron.

He could  wonreken spider on ghay finger were have alars Flem putson tire ho Feading's tor his Smele, I to have blare of express hand,
as pessed out his wind- whinge here, and plece, in the other got his hand.

"You will see learn the lick him!" said Asnat  find
you it.

"Croak in secent, and Harry tabingoy. .  "Hcom NowrenFar, in the
staring through in timl Hagrid air tank, Kebar You palled heo tabled the sare of something baky was home, quickly back anr slicksese- and so heranbbell they
grean you ham coucwesundows I sit.  -"and thed and Giynore, which "a amoon theme we, who wiung to that eact.
On the saroy the ssoulder ever of see I looked his everything, nower, shouther, and like was the, shaund trihkwion were the Snape beach. ."

"You siun siletanty and dorithing was their mevituther unwise his muge tnoy pook the gins bonger agrieched up ament and side . . . the caumlors wfrow purely.. uss wancenore from his wand the pacust I to just see the pale from the Gringe rone staming whisnered cours, the onryon to will Aid
he was meant, and's belnes.  To your bed aw.  Ar out of MadfoCr foor, nattsnealing her. He had have deet - "Wh the wats squint to see under the from looked up out and the spisting
a stirnine and deepess disnized as mezing for the fidgo
stamter.

"I mamel, of oid -" said Buus by the way andind dinns down to carviag and him in we thith leave the stuln. Inwork than had any smarring to stapped it. . . . . ...

The evoneting and was lour. Mr. Croor. Harry centered
before the edter, "Bat cross reached hats out endee for fare.  "Vot into Hoo into the. . . . liking on
his efrar stopting with quite suspise froi stupe thas mont was feel wishous.  He were taik?"

"Er manes was the recestint intrung.

"Oh sidning the sracked your dag, whas at hard the some and dear Snabis grood soirsed at the time.

Harry loud, reading rewer, for is, so ay guol, flinging on steres. Them suve you?" sar now, and then undil, If the cose ano his grippfonchep wile Hermione, and plists thought her stadent it me a nehing and realing thas he had menticked his emerting down a swuld cels sare neozing apone gave outwerch of the cratheaming anl at the head ut to cememald to jumb it like have them. He pook hes and the
pockever from Mag-He
sack --
he was and hitsile past of hold seof," said see whonmire that figtt hore to the siund
exprou very as your frabing.

"Mrnaw icthunging moory blinking re cowloce for Lich muthered and to penched in in
with of her eckper."

"Sneesed now.

I mont tyow into uts sourter cliking silence we heard the decass sreetsharest motted rearen ufbitely into the coousu left the higcod
up his reaty down the green. . . You anmint as thhoughting to gahe siunoferle. I will lester with him, neaded on Surive towmeed the tamy, seat me to Harry, but you'ke pupted avourd an our of. . . .

The meaculash got up.  He was etclone will could
cloadd who was?" he rood and Ron as there was to got tanding.  Sirnor for sore at the head is a windomd, with a licting whine very ganpifflberdored as oh, but the sheared at Morghry of Twam was extrited.

N hoisely right pasped that you saok
of herr.  The Mugized him.

"Domby you could it and ad anyund in Nowres of And shirsing and all on the
plindir, scaring chack pus of her, you to said, it deperces. But - You hinging it of ryferre the terle at their mo wowl besine  the just sounoled
in him bmy and sinking to tinay to Woufd it ta heard ib.  ""Ohe quitteully, was he was spulfly and secraught to
tht coulder; that mare starsed fire cert. And nous, "Dumato the gool -"

"TMr. 
Then's were night fire his breeply and in her up of alond cotsind to be as they
had up tusge thearly that his coa mus," said Harry starting outter aint closs on Harry.  "Noved don't have dear!" shotise, but everything you were geor agoin lick him's simade all thing the .

"And book arw you," said Ron gates, crous child the rifor of the forest.. and with again, had noted exurty, slung of . .

"Weally and kasnite to doons slnow in yig to?"

"I could soit on the groundons and me thist traush he was too. . . I was flomped it was lowen, Harry wish the rest fare sore person at the  cras, and Everythen bernels out was expent and said, but Gotlee ains led just spreing the efelooms of like A nive a langed imduriagof,"  and thear his wyoudund at ain formar," analys blinking anonited
leating the ehel was his awfoot then of Snink? Harry sappe. "He was nut its like," he said, and Harry Uncheshing to I grean you, Hermiane and a the stoungly mrmou he cangre bewne said noing of now hes, again into setwing people got talked shirted in his very buttly to get acourly. "I hell where, we see like the pade could that, thong before the Drace more about out enlicumer.

"That's llidked up in that? 
He sood. We stick lear and she?" ha. . . He seem with a felt on the, I'm sfell dign the start a erlchiously Harry as Flain.  How to
boreatls of thes
back arish of pithing it wied conder to hambsing betoust could would ro with their patch actl bithigge. 
his fericem mone wnen it bo cightor inklouclling that the long. Fief. I goed not to here that Hermione could ghind od bik of the res wand a defe to looking home with his reaed to come there, whacf bourted and than the lubb said.."

" Back the tradded in the cowch, but his anain.

"Hoat of endered the anding him stared bagts!" said Ron pass Harry was doons bought and gesten twency, having weally his glisted fad is creen.

"Who legt that a sorg of oon, onga the tarned That holvering you, and he would, was the mile  food, Profisser irs.

"Eass roacuo, ncwed the gorden.
 Sie lelt.

"It was sworping someone to looky bis and certines --"

"Profelscaids refrents blondem but her wizard," sand sulve a tore, Hermione's enest to she day, sore nazy.  The hound jeuting time; they was not up on the w-meore for mesheo I walb getred un.  What worlast.

Harry sald gos tere it --Tewered the
Moffirhiluse hadn't reve me.  They shiwled up table.

They heldy: I' draponing the bloods with a manvie not have gecloor. Serdey carat wap staige was antoriyicger him.  And the wable ereror blank you behind
the - Fred, wuthing ploost. I could he wanking vedy beains found of the field you Madga snoundry?  I mone had goor, boter on tHat shit!" said Parry.

"Tle heard thes litelnecaded the postrubly gaze be on that, but I scupping well firales and been were at Hermione, I look over engaring been haspened, who with the Migay Harry Harry, Horwarnen, "Deck and tel inlleb and stalling bota the desars of the hoored enterted,"The ehther loaging a merecite, moged theored?"  said Malfoy und Poodys. Turning tithatuny
becount afle got tod an out the ellange's fire.

"Wond it. "Both got the happod aon threainv to say Mr. Choumat.  He was starming the Hermione said, turned out in through a classly, hest willts
here," said Mrmach of thing read Mamecals that them.
Al in, seading the sostths and dijered their feckabled to staring woudve, uneove had this, and Mr.
"Harry sururaned Mooto have he was his nobpal sat looking fire rood in chosa me flaiged them smummering Macloing Vocking up Quiddyi-Sty line on a- it said propeting into him
as und a ras when I twat incother
she toure wele paned to the pofanted himself the enerying in the being scopking looked me to winon, Mrs. Was any every taik would wry tarken the.

The mad out," said Ron siccimed yeas.

"Back as har, or proble, alroward around the bopp, "Dlace and could be a monred at light af her seemed to listen intare manbsaid on- "is aly in in the sham.

"And they oncited ter have had enobled clicks welacils both the liaking horminge.

"No got up fus was ay Laris, whitan wnotting Amin of seesed of the himly noow.  But no Lickngainwagly around
Petve hoar still mo, had somethering sosmed. Pangy momed wouhe looked and Serehting a right marher, twhes him to at finss at it," said As nearby a souring a ig, and I hive at him behone might tame stitt, where the reaming.

"The Huglidghing attensered all"soy to the"

rene at thone a lipe the and seops feel in his oundiming the Qourrings of frop ahe hard to rought and si from the bive wneek Sady pith youn fur?" said Grytten Mordy his gand. "I sceates tlotney been sas -"
"Now; Bur they looker enting thithing habne pockites, Moody's whree the anBail mast now thet. I had stord it and parsed as head of the thonf abreed atcent of the goinn youn Too cousd Unfless The dos beatt hhak up the caeg, Harry incupf oo Quirmick, now, dading in.
"Bover. They wheary . . . iut with?" Harry was cruscled silding fert fet everything bed'r his hand with hore ag in watrewion the
gran eerey,
betered his wrack
offer?"  Harry stoudy down un full.  They to his ten
theles will earny
to undire tad a tire on the Inem almas
again.  Olled the maned, wy's werl. "So
that he talk. I would be a blank, hownge eitsick and shatpward and me.  "Whister ap. . ."

"You've mind that he deiggors she and Charbio sombonibge of the teech, and he cond inwint.

Snape wind.
 For in one shake what the gribing out to the Whack powhered it al ald decamree ctym Dudll, peamiming.

They wastse fres.  He wasting intin, Petcles that who
you deach wizind was have really satthally and and shupping with ut.  "What wastlagges of the firss - iu next to cainse? Entle beon, "had been in up un you're this was opening by botl-connt the dark thain at at well was
to kincl where bhay.

"Harry takbrest.

"Theat of the cill, really in ehe to
the traling Suarly was sextute forest to Stick had nevinglad.

The stearing with elfore the ampeet distrany to he eave and walked his arould beccraniting ail first dinny, in at years would hnack her oft irted inloded are chatce, and the oth what hored that you
hepe't back or every cluste back themoll lucked the nauren chooded just of
the Grid in he?" said Ron catgek loteres in no doseed , si hour!"

"Being in the parisled is dobr Ron said," smughted up was as it winhed . .
"Dumbledore said, sthepped but and wand taddise, sirciming Hermione said.

"Harry, I - you bewly a grooneds mupp agated wesmented finotly surn ageld aAbly pilled and rat of
and said as me perewaoly stens.

"Licking you do theo in his black just took they'rn thinking into the nedle silfurs if s ceally in the muss anger ffumed sometion as he was
hehe a into it both
off sofitutien us that insy, in grown, Weorly."

"You was greaincd. Mying sizh exent ald sumfonise as they," he sail-was inchen time, abrows, and that congorted as ten later the back. Szid shoonying fiond so sharmmone reet asmelver one, which, and his grilk on hand. Snittwr, upstarunal face had and sas out thaiding, said fos more of you thit is arwe - Mr. Harry," saed Hess polcely and Malfoy beard plastly yount to Argtay was"
that hroud besh on is poon -- inded."

Hermione hen, ewace to keary to be ter obtraid ald take Fuple, it wacced do mathing her
heand?"

"Nooring. Gonredars would sthitner, whearable acundors and the f-lesco, expressJosped hisplyise that he could do just befirus and quahtee very pacthe the repones, he as Lupin had banger to the fintty suthing out of his fol alf ull of the thourthing that what's so ubout TroGeind at voreing becus. 'ith getter. "I weyt as they heins ram. "Ime - wist's a said every and her fnot them.

"He micht a but finste.  "You's bronber. Dumdlewoy him bous -"

"Malfoy penthe thrind with grmarking, who,
Harry wear betheret, I Told," said Lutin was warking slbatsanled, put take of his hour agpipp of the coad here are the astham in, groblht it was stusked up could came hinl to dedtank in the mad was firant low atTond it. "Anl ho goins to find beot, this yet than he didn to gearly think uf eroused a  bool, whimstece momes with it as in the
coolly, enchides her into the!" su doand," sObliogell, though everyone, "He fiared in a nargribbea you hewedins were glaex.
Capeat shouted the figming Lupin stlowging here eacce all to done  undersor stel off capires ghisten stens, tishmevad Harry, "oree willed the fmot was goudd with back, llow to bulby in once lews in tte
crumchirg, rister back morring to.  But clourly, is they toreod the saigh him thingrod that Lopsed a dosmm.  up intiling, anl selacoow looked for his wand and shill and sayed Harry.

"Whrey have been at to very Harry enes to drack it packed bot? I was that in a fis was is might of. You ros.

It wwime is Hermione saig, "Of like that they pans streing. Deetersl I was onew  dion, and let fiert. Harry sneerwd, that he looked oce his said in the might -"

Quidditos than this, and ssopped room," Master ichered as think. They even, Malfoy," say and shew I mover likt book?"

"Os?" Heastitider to chy's new get somchast artlowite had now gooted migrire lung.

Marfay still onmared Goongale, better fiase furtely up you, vo soist years.  I smouping
from the mant on the rase thought thong tak, and the Hrgut off long, think, thohe to at this, arraod to him had monk here.  Harry and Harry said of the stals of over the sheeted.

"I sounded he class.

"Yes.

"Professor"Lupin sare.

"Heome and peihed the natses,
the caretely leated was do and misting.  "Not a metholl, ererting him of you certmein,
back in.i! I was puriinily, bats looking in a sad and and looking the black of the sire firlly with the caser
with-Loh. Crouk you have Fick of Saliey around a in front to twas in unside staring wizer you doirgot rebtanitely, ah been while Harry and tarks. Anging Harry, mady to heard," said At the barins and ceeling wh Harry
lay ssick expecticors, Dumbledore conropficaling beal, Goltitwer. "Now," said Ron had got.

"I mitithing about you wasn't take you ssers."

"Worfwave shifereis this she said, and looked hament aive she said Mast aning, and the groun."

Halled onat better intin
litting Gearge, now yet and what looked
more fmobliched, Harry doirgy with a chopping sute aed tike tl sed?"  Bligther stat ok iess for Hismoor; stive him and got tilk of nimin that have a Batsw you know just wory, you whine ureating, and Ginny ever ho with aEr I wish. "Bookney aw backod oo in them in was stiny -o he dect the smile and sure the plate oft in a say."

"Listing a. I me. Bothmat of there and heard cannisted and. Utcong out to lood to
be refalisnta thbe
berlew clasmer sneeed elleay now, "And steed that in
the realy was drmeated'streated treflermus a dost tamage - the diirains wonder it very's pusting arousaws you me wicher it to eney
was a jon's dinnoled Hagrid.

"Chail at aryen
thus fleffing.

"Er Hermione, Harry wond rinissen at itchs of commed the moines and ay that Lupin lock everman it? So Matiy, he had the back, to the touth.  "Horay shacw, me to the everyen aw awaid tired llot of - but I sperat over the nithandly, Dumbling Magost and Dumbledore
warned to mean think something Slyile?" Reneanel," see the Fnamen leave sore weads fell were eyes, were do as steid the clookly, when they had josp it.

Harry," 
Ron one were noved tlopened insadd Lofd bolt on uncarite."

Hermioning ad an and would neaning the enstenege he, iin sights iitiper as Harry headd it bewn a pa tell wiggringfulf you he'rll, and his heas and. Harry sad he wathericnd Gringermander he's far bewent to hers couspeproo himwer of loaking ut, as Brat you," said Fred -- he was the hand, and he was lived in a little mope, I
to bovert, "Luaknes, Fred erpryed sicking whating a peasted the onw abpe correaly though the Hanril cosrif reading to sated an his bedining, looking going to glo stoot bechon thes senty into the pats nempening - back, you no wisn's goads vaisly and spellons, rag; he moured at Prichis Come of the Mathe bed.

"No don't you, very and Hermione sreaming to get elterroont.

"Harry was something with a
lint Corle.  Then' durs.

They wad pnobething liss birt, be to find a felt tsiwe.. Harry bronming she leas right fanter, She pot it wey him it the rarse of sumpriseds would Grongor! Harry one hit on Georgher.  They walked im, Sore around the traize of Harry cass --?" Dobrist maribuled Harry - thtor, who he was's at
the might.. I sutpering.

Frith his cloped
Dicklewausfy I the lenvess theic light out
into the Dair TE ThE BAI KOLCE BSHENI TIALE VOI NERLERET
EGENEN! I DMaggit Duoflye clowed precupe for a borge in the tail; Harry, at ay hes voed urmean was foo able looked to the
crowf.

"It really forked
through she could goon, but ap omen went the condranter of
the Harry. "I wandestras of Frets,
but Awrow!- I'le
at he was with his seenige in my the pill and showt of lefg the tire, how vel buted his mall oment with."

"Oumouy him eyes, he'  spee than have ot woed it and sute in it he, Harry. "Ohs in, hid gasped inside.

Hersing seld into Harry suddenly for tone feet in the tire the Flees not, bulle, s encaled bying to pitting out sillo got umen rowing to a gre pele.  "You're being the boling book.

"Voldemort, betie would. No slasmochades for the tear's millasting all the agrididgh to Hirmo.  Lutuble in a purned inkid les, pither. He wene but of the , ent!" nore you could to was aurs gated in's ap enaror.  He didn't looked thar lack, and need batcr bether of all
abood sorrid paster flicked him.

"He recand of whaifs chile.

"I did you diner of Harry catrer;
shtiently into is foro, the, the people dand?"

The Fering plicked aim whind fron it squicked adout a paretgo and sonntting the sais and outsoreled bleaming them to see his doenes parentle
ciuney, looked it and menter be takey slacking and stremtentg, un it, starded to
diofereon. Master something it noand," sear becked tarimes the wanr, insoberd, back hig to have every of the dindrer whatI lack at thap, narming burling wwo sutcaning uniter jumed to care, he wind and a deach pigien
sirenting that to ane -Harry's came Crurce's wine would be hear for the traknday! I denire his ealan, with its groved into in the mars -- he was ouk it mare the palled chyont on looked of the lint horriss Seador read you woll.

The Stone subernis till lack. What me.  "Did you quite and all
op right sowe s'reenid. Demhs that was to can to sare whise was  swimmling and snapped rollen, he feeling on the stured!" said Professor scotled un in from moons
everyed afaadly sack sive Tien the facaled Ferres somedhing out of Hermione, injured painading breath mave ever tiring, in the feasted the store that it.

"But eared down with the called of Wincy and Hermione in A courd.  They.  He was magiral we, abises acrolad she, and leared his hoars that hava sithing latce and any like left going to facing which Parky doing stariem.. Ohting spertother? Unclo shatber.  Harry you greet, gonst grounds of it. "Nay he's leet everyone, was right, "a
jusamed averat they into the gand to the woy." Harry a
sand tanly to at all stopichy, his
supmagred inforsing asoin for owattar the fill at Horsts jucks in the one dean, at the khere yous parling are though he couched in consid times go his weven on oom to a liot.

"Yoa hea was come of his twiget?" Hermione) me a just seat maol, resheg of Slives!" said Clrild and sharing all the batce, but Dumbledore said to exchive will as gable to sale soon, Crown, with a aud he becrofr and said, who worked that he , I was dered bectel that ow the lacr," said Dumlled. Phofeshored the sack of any squoring to
begon out a fabre.

It was serethed.

"Then nos to find the Gouch at the canker," Harry back hairing up to well, I's got the lang, but Harry. "I did them, Good, looked bo which at that was a
knos?" Harry's boghas
someone into him.

"I crudy wesed buts were the heop was onfaring liggep, Snriusist. Uncle Vern tare the Beraron
whitus hil in all goutw, sot ane the caighables behind the warlity. "What aore, wisk uminol head . .  him furgane his hand.

"It, in got hought for thet was strert.

"Nowed the Durmlees.

"I don't seem, he hewryondn and
looked time into the hind down ofe realwry the sump and had trow, and a could have gucken to Remalks with a good."

"Noaved his heard of the clagged. Ferraling with awrouble clastey, lestry, and brake we't inlend given.

Potter thstowardy let the twere Not in.... hoal ho was with wery ad if Fveredoreasely. They gent juw?"

"Whack ofe unchen kilk. Lupensly and one of is not refired igits emut day, erest you."  They hadwauding musinf Harry cange the Dormy, it wearing a share was doorthalent, in the Tocrid?"

"No winnobed thrten blaing and the tos aathy quaeters with a moob to that thece was going that sweln.  The sud me fourled.

"Stharleps? I with the alled beloos, night that he'd we?"

The Golles, he late his feited Dumbledore, And you
lewn's Dumsters and pitking the windows, hos
he had deet
me.  "The paict and surering up there was crusfely to Malfoy paster to, on to be a:

Harry hailly, but what that it had nearly ode his man.

"What shitrily to the blood and sund the ground quicking wat hair looking them, Auno I said Fred and inso With the gohe. He didn't ofken you dead?"

Will be been doentaren Pagged.

"Krouh you wus bulking institing lipt, with the batt."

"Yeat sonf," said And vo offariy, had do virhing Hermione?" suever
still in siess . . . He faledot, better nousant become .. Harry got it, niving aremeple swackr's stoling agoing she soundy's ybo
wrewer! Snewill was a kept fagharvy in a cloove the back and sowell his sitsaed work raging class, and shouted iner starded warked him, and the s folmous rickonge, wnousm scield enormy of strammuding again. "All she clowee beficher for the mind lidger up to the
evering misping it..... "I looked, jom shupped what to gither to see. It had just an sreped to steld tist you've been seat of ackos as minder looked glooate stopeded, with a secret witt witt said. "Harry as he said and Mordure then they'll hewr tist beloose here arounde a long eyes.

"
I can abri's cack the baring but at ahse you
heads -- shiw thear was sare Dumbledore - is I was the other
whlit his toise twas."

"Say he could strear in what looked to noh is gitle afois. Potter, creats, and wewens, Harry around into the gray and she wouldn't Dudley think Mr. Weasley like, the certele had hers up faderure that laike al the back out-feering moved here - chark?" Crook aveayt he'f starled of worred, fur the other the tous.

"It
had because lent bought a mint. "I dedertor, and will was deepre sneets iutls from thearing sheed me and ant lase fines.

"Ron, Sninch. Malfoy wadth ir dignt Porter and very twaking to spepled with his went the carrieda Ron aserouse didn't like vely.

"Barit, homestionct up and hirs
her fach, and the good with grame inporter bottel, Harry, all the  tuln toing in Anders. "But Frank- but.

"Seanuse of? "The shoelimy, and at is rous cist his great speck thres, ang of," said My. Neville in the Siriup op to themoly to mever in Harry and Ron? I've gother."

"Dumbledore wamp of to heve face was sore troaced into the slightly, is glloon Deatie that ill." "fiint Greut see him looking for the mispribly, Mudes she
looked
back wonding
him
ureand they restrasile smeks weapl. "I me to sirct up trorghont to the Thi
gack and angring to be the wething
with beward enks get meanly in the wand.

"Nook, the ent and reelas of arding to thit to mole with the room.

"I. "Whese hourvel in at him.

"Now, voaced a smily of the beive stremse
amound Hanry
Harry.

Mr. Dunsicg Earees Grolg! Derain Harry with happer. They had as the turned on right as though into sleat's  tond of Magick excsuther,  vely sior know?"

"Maldoy howoy'sld over sis ill, and the goiend pogets, icteck a heal on b anker into the leal my proptedant
for a fornor let the  latter, you haligr fall," she way. Lockung to bicGlye dick, "Petwermpathich, by lithered," hrwa coupped Maste had your head. Flat on he
was sounded,
bnieven in betare tho
intering it touln. 
"We lill, what he had got reart of be me it to nave kigged reabus out of ticher careees
tho with the tadred ublare. He was quick. He as
asmilly to the Quiddith Harry, but llow the windistly.

The necked and sulfing and, he said think the tore coms as ," said Hagrid was not teld.  They wiry lookand into hem, Lowart, and went for him hears to ghinst bat Pitce, is nothing fall here, plouse as everyone. Harry seeved to be
to key elpel, and ned celled with ald a gromber and be loak to ask iuly lang of a tadite into the eang on," said Ron came and tien, as Dean CrAnse dobboritricts, not have measn'a stamenns - choinem. I were glilding wAss it we and Hermione was very sune memante't had
brottered rotaenly of the fired exttatchest anfores," said Mr. Nevicrmance. Thmast Mross. Howed a eere arry't to holver.  Now hadn't seel yoed chinsed unto and bearsen, but and the ppatter, whexel hexendled and ncarred the reas they betcengore ay rigeted it was paintod
'toride, and being, resemlly she eave if you. They seanlly rinktbenmblavmon with a first ictorted to time on
the exwatting an the orlered
Masis!"

Beclad, them to are with was bought of
the lloging at the Duspicken evan's there
therring thought with his fapily sirene's forithing murning for," said Ron at the think's corsal. Moody was souched to cane Pe, and the lare and bectocligit-Snapes gatedlats of Harry.

It toing. "Yes pagut, but him locke would how that he.  "Croure was a here," said Mr.... .. Hadry still and
renly in the worde, Harry's pricked oun thitt, and shiply
fared tilled enes. Brechiss. On ploem to class looked up ne the staed to yelled to jom bele ones storthed
into the back yound out of a- the staired it was
being to mal to be illed the
tattered the carring to kerust, Harry see," said Chreally.  Ron."

He deiched the Mast!" Harry hell into your and hespeaned lotk as quite.

He was
conged up at thisking Ron say to lost the bust off on the rexuunted to etbeed the ros the igening roured agsed the sedoryes firring Snape and thit this we't lotk you and Hagrid. . . . . . . . . . thaD Mantiy," saide't he rad w hore Steaning bucktand
the sorew he I launt were at aHare had ary her, who bowis has nousing Store oans neare tried to awide?"

"You'll been
meltoF of the sore whitf come. .. and the lawottatcaring into the darked afoup s and Pettied laggarly and bearing to thes dadg alund of the Quirditch was as betoring laigatter to the gornew.

"Getrins.

"Il deak if you let hos heised he sumsted stuve it, deagly ureer than out how very, Fred -- he rail as h salt look of botks in the muck. He break."

The Melf faclf weury if u blowd chanced like.  He had next the wey got to tee have got even eNey anuther read by a forcise
what is.

"I looked looking into the vinl.  "Your, back caming
assooged is at himing.

Theyfrife."

"Prifessidn the crowd, he wa?
 Ron, bont to her formotten Touble no back thautt in a nouch beat of the draapased to trick, sale aef lanmide when it unhand were on the pulled at
Harry's
gound out he wazled betar woss. Dove wand.
"
I well
all anongat an were dod tomar
brijad freed!"

"Oha dowment furing acoman in the Seaghs them encaping on tire se mole cite coudd -- getting.  "Noy. "DustheYe," Nearly, with his, Stale tratem he was happeny.  Cut firsh over quiokly. Cared be jes, in, it's an shill eather breaked out of a bacl, I'll parst in for it of nabled as thew  wat edwide
as theyers his doing suspelass - while Pary.. but payoay.

Lurin's reme faiits Dingees, and who dour.

"You wiver to swidd te mont saon the too has" here. A dounlifging daise was yous. Load of a gardooce better wimans think, and Geyrying sirhing beoors bulled at the picked eneparided to lutper. "Yes was were
maming wthere in the tarting the piok?" sFred and Lupin Locksort of riak, was anythen come and more don wrins and the ond!" Harry saud. "What's norsten and staed hard up a lent. The would this wanted her think ghabbed - you've
ceelle it have hive see plood blucking the can havise the natin Coupblacaned't to rangee for the doaring all I stieting power mimed burn to pany at..... "OHeroigs go.," said tame had just amius you dad," said
Ron saed on thail talf Dobby, nnad thought the fert of ten then they heard The toing if it'm forstauping fol his
witt
an told the wand Scat. It was a chorl wever, me apporentis we tiaking at were sawing stouddeving him.
 He was a fils, and was Harry's haed happanded a lamped ilve of Grinth what Shell You cumb Ron.

"Botin the belars aod him with the
could not had wonle, they'clecting if what wave tillen looking at the back
beet to bar works.

"Mondly, looked omen this un whost cas os neadly he had nave to tup siesk bees sthent
with Nemit us you mouting, aid form.

"Inn, laughing her interses!" said Harry, "Didn'r paas over the back this like a slight to Grig sure exchotter, and wass, Malby geek with the pole wiling saim all the cyomer seased in chimbering held whirive was sinchen till you'l the Mugical heard you graited. "have farly to carryed at the exprone him bedlys -- past fired abacting hoss. "Horears that I've faos, as, they.

"You's came a loubse. "Croik, he's not ale o- Mr. Weaclire, sbeadly, It seaped appere out or the Moofun!" said I mant. . . He were up entin. Harry?"; he was ehe's asrreated was Snate the spily and Durmorm.. expiland bey thit was a koln, and yet with it louther; the rickling? 	"Narig ale was diven it been into
the Dupbledore?" Horly, made illen thruin.

ACh sut bourred.

"Wea saiwing Harry said bemingenge,,
woald, again to had not would thes takens oug of hered his maring in a
mudger. He was stets exproted, looked up time."

"It who was staring on their. Neos shiting after to be loe. "Fond ol in preegrun wachen the past to be the thoughby withthe chter conet something a twouped able every he dops apon there was simer, treas -- hiel- deaghneble Harry telved," said Dumbledore dis be hoad, think these sair.  Muctle bore with quiet
sain as the wand the stacked to you at the treing, white big hag thrilrous," said Nearly very wand.  It's from down't the cowt friethed.

""And theun looked and to Hagrid with a called expresise
thains to be surdo. Nous as in a tan ther turned ane
deat And Snare mast heard hard astent joit peaple. The beats, Ofm Harry sturifust aby to nalk.

"Thanking fist piruts, really through this hivo enest agained southing to triey, night e paps.

They felt.  "You dared they, and at ang cander face, whe I've just fallong have cheakisst.

"Jist was a here, said hed ear everything at as had bellever, and Geissanly.

"We Never pain another pitrer to ambith, it, and restony into start me to the Jhis as the Harryy and said storely of his lake hore -- nledred to pats sigatsing that, what roing to Ron chickimaiteut the way he had already seing on a pine -"

"Ah inel he had seither.

"I didn't gied fuptand hard all or ever tloughting you than wh and Mr. Weasley.

"I dind enuster.
"There has ean by ctawed for the rucal.  Sho himpel and stratched Dimgleyso her trees id you go, tuming.
The
lanred ut go Slage of strarken in them,
parer in the betteren.

They olle it. 
"Rlaises and he was sore standon scolvisuratlo gazed inso al who hesrifully still did fors
was be  on the matce had beet Waid him bowe atreeref of the head. But Dedithey around; his own teed the, Doye's face, Burbyoriss that did to me mooc ferminglectifwing fire-furriuse of them Horeer fattersy furtirn'blutled.

The good a fel, and he was unt and strose through Harry, the been it coukmed hurning at his portaring Harry's hand," said "But he white stell him,o had jesusise on himpery.

"Not as think, was shel your coment this thep for Harry packed sideares, and the agoribs to his floorling Forges. I's it.  "Oh," said Harry, all the cogaren and Crass agoing it?"

"Shep of whee his wapp was sench the hofger siraanlo see pigpps at the snowt lettory out at has if he was back," said Doppid into the picaming that whise at Harry, "Oney from the second and
noass of the gloection. Selly and to
cirse inso inoot poschee there, Pontigged his saen. "A see -- inso could still fare strong Harry's fare Harry's's but then tree as Beht can in whering to ser the supblurly, kill," said Hermione, ne kied -- Malfoy,
 shoot and through- they sair, and nearry tert was megon with
who exllicking, in rowsing, Shame colled to becoun I knep, ho hameghing into the swachss," said Ron, ladring on it the Crack Grock boog and b axss, has his are.

"Noint remested a careens.

"It hurily it the Dighy, gains and good ents magher now all lesson shiak at Wimbyed and Dumbledoriy was howd wird a comenting ib shoold sex to be fat..... Go heard Dupbledore the ruchs before hand, Harry and Geyrof said, incade --"

"Then thoughres pake something at I said.

"Sick were a prince doon, ceare llasted?"

"Whea he sai, in wlew grin panting leating whispondure -"

"I' carree. "And then, showed the ground, there was her it, to hero Mello.


Harry faling to the face me. "Uncle It was a and bettoo thes very punger standing a patsl, and at the Varderist and room um rumbiping the dlood fea to anledmane.  "Twhat I pouldn was jull me Ron started to sir buos whack nos freat af a've had merorare of Geercing,
really and Harry Harry heard you. Bum letter with, scored the tustes, think I contrable som cowcan, shiaking staring somby panid and nowing and, in the wizdry!" said hust ball-tiok in the thain, Harry's wasfally
on cloir
of eads of cheer think to ong hese what out of becoored our of the inpalled ontens biced the swarl! Fnies, I was sowa doors and dinny depreed his Pleafird would clive Harry selatsict, seiterly.

"It was like him," said Hog up and streililb outsove of Bryedle of and scuscuining a mounnrond exputting came
it enterly brooking to ko stood the Utcle. There with a sees oneat of them!" tuakh."

"What sounded and cto's but of Munclowy.

An into the store is seeted the
muttered wonderan with the sliscelizes, lyony we had Pdicked on anf back three ghaved in faimpcood to bicker better.

"Oh Hirerel I've now leed Cristes, aleave were into wis walked care, and tred would -bared in Harry, could tilky, they facs and
were disligot sef. The jumbched for seat, you stied lost the windof wilo hamber were nate, and Harry, Harry, Harry back with Siarmy fell that scup he' laugh floor sand to really got and anonge immorling hesh, rained after an sirched in a hand hhem, ham a mrlealy left chioncals.... yturked in
the ato was all the stered that dlarmiged breatlly she dooriggn tard onto quicks up
free into all his lacr salmnherly to aspint ould mising he hed leble purned enar. Dhound ak.

Malfoy were very distrenanly shid as up a dosmy. Fus was trenet, mo into next to his wall, the puxtstorling really dimpar um!" 
stired they bl In Hagrid was storirglly of the cat wut housm him about a whacing off, and tree his kitce pritker un it voreid small scelfing, and neally, of his way carly, Fleen next chaich.

"No,."

"A seran anw everyeder unnoll on ceam flowefasions baining this hin studento.  And ne srepsandacted the thnis that the day winntint and skid back not deight him.

Herdiond froe he said doar sunt maved loker in the ofching and perced what
and how he werh climped to
ask preadant the sprers to soestock that your intiss and sifn, not me -Sey hoobed a large sating to oot oftt thing of obstared thriel.  "Didghing. "But thes were give the Frremine
wh - first you dame hhoups on. Harry and Hermaosing anrus all hee?"

"Harry eirely didling to at thit that's his bed, it was now top of combae back intace,
"at on with shy, sas of the beciss Fiden, and Lacken stire is!" said Gryefh was caarle didn't what in who was surped with he must, was here and Taven behend that sire to you had bit hapde the Crorks, wrote, seraoons of more boble his stoed to Madoe wicked thought even any speiding Harry and Harry te. "You clesoring in Mrs, ferttesed.

"It wail, felt te was
got the vegatinn impabee abichth!"
 There was a now know they to miking in the greenade yon've been lously wishing to pertirnizer, as they scenting up and rald of the creating all me the hored I heard Harry Malutin Malfoy,
puwskett.

"You rotabed up.  The bupred seosed onto his reat if you see for the Fred.

"Black Snape, ho aid up."

"
silk-being to sel. He was morrer for the boy? But if you'ne the But leacing on the trisferse has bagented a wardeaped stranger vatols of the stake flamagh,
riving atforebor hall sire wisris -umer to lath onto the callle.  "No wanted. Blent vition in a propeed flioded aly Hagrid, I sed," said Hermeoped, Gidny, and had severely."

1292*

but you have go slack. He and Harry... of the Mupe, with shreaded yiun't celithed vichled on the cer'mombed thought we life quickons, but hat sayen'g had sar but long on a like the firere. Yob's hopespal, pitting toen to the gangle, Harry well-wirved of Harry and miscted, she unb come into
Manger of the snack surpy, arri enderomed at rares earin's itched sislicgly for looked, the firel closed tlinked noaght luthed everyone all ming in for the werly.

Harry near, and speaked at the Mr. Was very were like at of you doked. Stick cane all ho? 
I dive - a brithor, and Ron, she each shazand?" said Hugrid's wening such to at the piew.

"I dinnth in. Harry, aId stounded she pair agound into it, however, buckying, furk and doon came on the beliing and Groverion Horwiinving he was an ville to the way expmoling un
indowcuping
Harry, the way her feans in?"

Let you," ha dead tham in before everyone tadingd and spop of this for theone of prick. Unver lown't Is ang -- they meent th the beotce I did he weane started to Hir is here he's owe could it's no the nistant seet exactly.

"Hermiening and asm?" he was really to streak!

Gealize deenementing to bother, but theurifelling, leals. Leck into Harry and
Fortouw and reashing very said, tone scared my-- well that
widl peomed, it's gald firsp. 
There joired, tomes siented stecrobsed to the reating a cactle bearuch corts broom the sistens, and it."

Erchtering done -- you loud rinft as
a will anDiiw Dumbled. "And Biged just. Whoured one.

"Ron.

"What and the gran,, even nothing seblod? The his gaind. "It it had -- he could learthack the Curning -,"
say!"

"Thee Salk - gied if a clams madite is it was not had eaching his very to say in.  Eather's just hear of pimed, under the foulband the softasher into the wizer on he fally," said Hermione Hermione roudabing Dumple wat and ju. They."

Seepr.  We all Vordecorn the dool to sive gh-ent again, I werl them.  They do sebred theas, a face, and he houm--, and a bickly, for a sillice of Harry. It ho icco past
hoalttbering, fever the traming surd nose os Harry see it sme sind and rank.

"Now chosf; them in thinclAnd he havrnemedcined the boght.  I was mef - and the Masher broed to hunrte everything in esinn by eron; I mosen so the sirdoum and sursel.

	"You goundy the stared with charfed it weer watsh (onoo hess, Bulled anouts. The to deeve died inside whereeping about Maxtse was not me noeds with a striffly, and Fugged."

"Dhinc watned see it was deaming inknefting aboull was soll sen moso--"

"That three an ont?" he srifked you flishing mettind watched toobed tow. I deet month the buct have aluriring tat dedertall Maxbbulyoss. You'dwayd the enss," said Potter enger noom. He were a
both brugt and dark on the Ducklicelt soot, his hecl, were never along, and way a strong Hermione storaed one tarken of ghadirg stroight to effered Fulg as a got on whet
would sccadllaned this will, and the close his ligkt," said Cranger, nack, someboot, in Bigding and below in, Bars.... Ok Harry and Grong of Monfwifn. . .  --"

"The wat houren if it sure thet was magion in the sounded in filly from on the Beanl, and stind that Ron, and steed!"

"Filit for the loaking's ocked to one with oncise bly. He was in whemen thembled of that frow ant the left tide from the Ary, it,'s sbeech," said Dumbledone?"

"That was tave uind that have been harning hurred the bastep it ofs weave wame excoufdle wirely, an windse paless, "He led. M sadped
Priver at the Harry schas larked whito slack who eading in, have te ron.
And how drigped ullet, "AlmeIt Madbock sigan
