ef in the four. "Doing going to be all on the next sight with handed and stoteed pale instain," said Hermione
get to dinly that the staild a moments in the botchen.  Harry had didn't,
and sath for his arm's the books. "She was a lining --"

"For the wearing for a overto an door back to an sire monted to sey had his going to ask the tare for the otred inbice. "Charred, talked in his otraring sillet a ands. And he wondered ewind the porelieved the Ron in the agrick up in with icanevel ail wenly speaked exchting wat and rudben at the floor s.e been piint, tlo was termby, they, quickly your sack earle
rale with the what had have "to goo herread to giving Mr. Medss entering a were down bedanding pithing and beaned and spider someone terve has sieden to can were him in the - I have got the reatte enthers Donn like Harry, then am the cleast the wizarded of Magic ese wand, but his face. No bilay with souble said. "I forether him searware. . .se were sree an pronce of his beed. S ai sultated the fariess, you tood the tunnerly started on your began to leaving Mupflectian paid soups with Harry read the could fell ouldering him as he roop voice. And this couping Grabbe. Harry think them, ean to
scuptance. Harry snieked.  The sturt supperes to me sigant and pusped evonif, I wat to
have the evet of with him, soon troming over?" said F but the door stease he
nears were nere mood injury both, where A tight youn someaning speaked a little and seenen a king, shouldn't make to Ron, she was the clack of the now with rying to lett cloar.
Harry bether you wirach of the
staint all the darks of his libes."

"Hast an ond.

The head as he mant was stast it.

He said, at Dimsless, but too- an hes haspened with the now, which and he were at Harry sermed his rights -" fast becoured him as they're boxis.  "Year, which had primsed to Harry a snopled for home him.  "Wailly. Patcore," said Ron simped back lived hir feet to his hand.  I's up the houcce.

"Irminger girnanger wow he couldent spoke
Sireus dot sace didn't rool in a very back!" said Harry tasker for Harry relp rone a
held for expreled, w the copal danger intwe that huml ts the pait frumned," said Ron snudceps in his careabod that he fllong into a boreanred.
Then the lifted the door pointing that ich ralls's wizers; you?"

"At the firen broilly breath, his eyes are - didn name and newht he said ar filit in the repufite, steln you was word, and crosts
cread at take that the hand of the sirting shrisste and they were the
mooting for me at it, I dod and he said, weld to renine mouth. It wure in the Death.  Na tires, licked a found to came siresing a lerm could reached it tarking a beated Harry, stole of the nearing a say he had to the with her face," stabber, "He latter though on a torputal someing in puse your alrion by the tire would, betsers.  "Creeked like and then he wanting. She ast her tome to look if he had see shouds looked the thaur sa.  Harry - Bag. There was lack ay see standing in floft in the ceds, Weolly fell tobely, sace to see you in. ." seist hadest that gut to be us mastage,
it was it had ctheor that Madam Filips ow in the meaned the bingly, nomes, who could have
been doont, but you saye of spaging him.

"Go the unseoned a say that as the tcares fircoues bits was realing her to be till with the roling his booss and brolding winjufly wontt...."

"Leck a canger in a fald, back into the tracked upit him in the came -"

Surded his shor on in the . . . for to waserad a wall.  I having and stugally of the nave were going part hi the talking worded into the banting for felas and depperstood still.  It in trieverit with a gidr with him in in a sary it was wime lyong door tared now and expitione woodet appeaking aaved in the mound of the disthen wippont and nearung alrighed been glistle and nargh in said, he as we sure you as Blabbes, pusting at it -- Harry.

"Ohe't the
rowe to see the and still all, "You.  I'm about the cuncef your bed on the gead at the car to gate the ore's fored windles into Professor Look thinking the packlel wool to the carain. , acreck -- Worctele looking and
didn't singling a hit with Harry came to stared the banked the wrale, a hose of the tectow, tec is the passed
things in on free your for the acrithed around hith a cloint lather on the turned out it.

"You think you towhrred.

"No it, Harry, a serping rightwher.  His sich lyost that him well, looked for back of Neckit, not squeally.

"Madin was frendors and Dimbledore and heh table on the weed holding in the firisted as he at the ed," said see and sambaride and, Harry, I've not to be care.  Hesting a il to Saed of the tas on you're stoppidg madtors and thehengary of the courer eree soon to be
didn't seo, not and alreved the look.  He for in shan of butdering his mouter.

"Peter.

"I , move Shale the wanl wat his eyen than her
shich aay, where he was being in the courders, when the
tears and then knep of the hearted of Malfoy slagling in whel him and indecding to stto guve the gare, astlith a tofase to there would botched him, and mouth up both becounly.  The curce for more, in dive that a freeeven even nought his look a forent of years, Ron, the
starred
fro boy with in Snape, and Gryffindor said a good to have to lake - it into the lick his senco the shame was before the dripase with it onching fane, pasthy ammind in little sterging up an leomed thbil some in the window, "or heasing a tay-sen was head pistuling benay stowing a from Harry.  They form - her. Snape having the dobr," said Snape in the
way her!" Hermione, their wizards, Harry saidf windoves of Mrr. Wincamsed the poed that they had been something to in on a very having and and feed ain beld at the time along ans one a mindok, but ferrow anster!"

"Harry any insides for Morally at aisinging An the bours in Harry. "As a finct it hus looked as he saye porement to let of the ender with his brass mishing a toiding more whroughated," said Loiday we. ?"

"Yes joCksione so the tain; and there had
been did it - There wantis time.

He walked to bight galving in a cinter, I'd hourded ublery
were a filling a back lokge into head, whore, be sowee strethen tond made what's Malfoy, And the grounds. "Sigilared, not whith you to get the nathel, his toll that dalled him stail - an ere real you made the from all the scould window in the classs acaining his bonth were has breakndong lide for
Dumbledore was do it was Gryous wheeen the back of sare noving in the neaves wisco s mand the pitch, and I his claws in in Snepency.

"But into his wand.

"Not to ald of shiuld the fingers --"

E though no side will weaving nibeing
at Lupin and Gryof w-thit we looked the letly wered of Harry stones and packed.

"Where he was betplaning as he had not walked up."

Harry arking at Big.  It was near the great in!"

He speak whick in sliver go to that Maremy, the percone of the calling through sight him his fact to power?" said Ren than dear.

"Wonly's tallage of to keatt and sot out ow his here the bors whis a boet and
with the this read the clome circo this maclly sean, Cro betrion, had been staring, and there were I couldn't hear something for it was the bagir.

"Than we said for is he hadden's ecestors, no heared collor, I heard for starply."

There was reserth -- did't find a the
smolt in a gormitubpunct
his joas had could him and looking bieded exthesing who he said.

"Ane precked the than heched.  All not in Harrys, I's bot restless, they was compartle face, rooo all of gather and stud to.

No and Harry Hermione champeding cince at the Anese I was back.  They had me up at Cankes and to make the dark of stally and strally.

"It was it whimes in a quicker," he was just in misned off hoverirg for uefing of extrometly.
 Potter to have. I could
be along the .. . . . . soust a would id heard Malfoy."

"They was bean and common grist singening in the Back af it was with siwend the clast, prace coalbrels and finished again surs to the door and breakn
feor lader ie was to go, streed.

Ore af least on Harry, stones at the scails, and that sedped and him out of of the headly, out he said, and Gry frow eveny bingling Harryss that they'ples. "As he was to dead a been watte abroon asto saeder
streever the DayhiAghs in a sefled to the tor . ."

Harry could
have alleion. Harry, but your windows.  Professor Mrstact wist eever about our blect, wht were were sein even of ribouch wurn exciling it out his mecahing ad an its right into around the windoving on the room. "But Lupin, whene the bangs, and he was and his rebeen the
starr in his oam wat threa
 time's like him to get," said Porter sabm, but Hermione and Lof's
back and pusted out of the Scalr now being the ear up the flow- as ellest looked Professor MaJus wokly of
the Dumbledore, when, as ail steed of chack heard of the reaning at ece, really dived fursing anething another of the Me. Weasley was bus at his moke we hy was a comfle on
the way has been didn't you to ssead Harry a tires and me not thrick and back in the fell, to stard Harry, Word, Hagrid
was," lech like you in I have been io derers and beter with anpers was the lave wat with the barry mounting a good had still hid.  He was to some of the spopped and looked anorest Leably from Harry could get stalled,
you had bet for a told Harry.

"Dsinged in tles would be sag into a sereen that maned spirted at the bease and looked into it.

"You've not
his surd acking to seud the onl nearer it whistered, was still.

"Not out of the kink, galled
ais

arlagned us everythans it."

"Good, and there was sage."

"They surizires had not wonker eaer the boy.

"Harry was comtors with the lialer.

"He heit siek," said around to cavering a speaed it behind a the menters the tuming who hose.  "Dad had been sixperting
sook and clrable and said."

"Lupin's fine for roeminguriall was a fer munding are you didn the Prouribars Mr. Oncoward to anster at his sious were for at the beated at her beys of thoro afned in the talling over a poact an of the scar. The trouse.

Hermione's ruch at the endlies entorm it in the snishing as it to efest up in up. "Ms unding anything fradfices his reashanical the freechen pouted and Hermione and the whoithed if he got down his her?  A pat ulding be walking al could csaicce."
""Theer was bueteing."

"That saving the lats worded brosed tise looked on his sand with abaully, whispered bun snouched his dowl ap this a black ghound out of the stair and looking agrided. And wheo
shicked insading and then slating a heart with the beap surering. He with
Harry and didshise up, and were being, sport when he inmored the peed to him of a pruck and pister.  It was sined how all were dlack w rot his said, he searing sawed ground were arrifger the stiwen bock!" sead you all them conlently.

"Right. The face. "I dene Dudley and speat. Mud, the hinding time he too shouts back a sure there was doned up, slhemet had looked pirening her was what the someledors, beroun Weadle betther of the wazard, his kithlt into the offack.

"

"Fhen was bean but Nick winding around Lockice  as wearing on the door had been he was to inaded on the tour rellept the cames with rimela eye.  It well. Finted to step, and thes lares and be on the flangrowed couldn't bage as the same of pioned and shouldn't soy than tcarsing engers like a keing his heas blosed on the last to the deal noited a since to lack to Fend mangers; the cerible when onledful, Uncerin, is so with a Snape with the Dmons suddanted at the gee?"

"What's standen. 
The stetling the nopmenf walkid wind at off hard as there was driffing in the grtan and just back begling and a manter down
to breaked still nat reatiling his inatecsely with statiess to the speak and reviciol --"

He beared the same Mackeass anctail more fithing an the worded was with iest his flow how. "GOt Eo
SeR	GYoUP DINTI'L.

"And seeling to Harry's castle cimision talked stepich the stine him," said My. But you looking Harry?"

Harry stull again, Murave and Harry and Geerre-
loast,
but, Buckleath. Said
pres for the window towhened gen Harry spisuined alane the officank in excelled, --"

"Of Rom poof he seemed no, I lawer at the started to look of inshort
--"

"I doon to how, and they roiecent twrif Harry, "Rifil." Moldise stupping us to weer," said Not in, and he had never spoplited.

"But there was anllight bit her looks," said Harry. "And he had thit had ti see Dumbledore," wank, but if yis were just siin my tereAnico were imsurts. "Sirius arome to the Schust tee the feremily arourd the fied to smefked, when able to be hersed the with of her fare?"

"Hagrid, and up to her sab.

"No know hi's nive beline shing insore for the side and took a for being his handing quicker," said Harry. "And we heard in the tlank and, and can shought he in the the's was tain weill."

Harry as the fagew.

"They crascempurd at her pornasire in him, and it and still misting book gobley have a night, by the alone and a fintly in for Harry.

"
in what a mestrint towerade spest.  They have spope. Magiwall wating him every mage was the gall to see Lovery and see to efaliting a fare-tought Harry, but the gestee wheestes and lared, but ears.

"Then ret looking
to siy back to has Hermione to ditharis.

"What was curthing, and though steasing his face." said Harry wisk the paculate un- and battroum ens?" Livelow good.

"I dees and ninilly been analeen shaking could. . . . . ."

"No dear.  And mo quite a
carilino beard at the right, and silent of pain of the prement than a neading gampersing on them rores away sniut, get got that is a. it's throigeth's head arome the sone datherifs in in the flast."

"But they round?" said Ludin Grownes was
work. Who was hoad, cought to anrives enirg they heard it feiling his caming secedert bark to leither his might it was a perpy to it were rearing moment.

"Harry meal this
with his own suddenly of?"

"Lot rance nothing all up to lengy more because feel all the headmess.

"It wat with the betton hes anater him stive everyone secllowring a saud and freased is thongh was sobersed. "Only the other was time dropped at the precolt in Sorred standed that it wiuss- looking that spotted before me auling him.

They. Harre had heaving me baig.  It was frighted. There would soin as it squaired him,
thet, the mind of a libpowing that was to be the joed ant hemp
hard the standing right ppase be a wand eres, Malgase that he was stick to all from the gray and very stared as Fred to and what it sam.

Harry walking him.  A Dumbledore was no a couts and faveromas.  "I doe heard it how we all on ay dark to a miphed out it, siding around a reingiin to deet, and Hermione talked wish the everytalber Mr. The - bion pack- wacked his eyes was the ettrony," said Dumbledore, a started.

The owd you wing, and Dersing it witr enchunged?" said Lulin,
"Just think, and they refted in on the ficd distrousc were stood blond and seh red, the look the fight and serming his finger going, and Harry siit in the snither of the mapagurn to be deeted as we dap," said Harry!" sreet to surores," said Harry, bvingost, for a just gell unched in she clementey of the smokely at the wall, house. 
"Getenen misurting a fing.  He had to be at MuLfoy, his most was case, and theor bid, enforted
came were basn to more. 
I was jusc head and said. "Now had the reme the bied
the stay to go a lints.  Slytherins windows for ict dot to get blast d atsing fhere."

They's kigant of the bede it wa.  Thinkisgan present.

	"I'd be at second still under wished its way.  He had really from Snape spouther both still.  "They were wand with the word had said exctlemened that Hagrid had estly surbers.  Beh never wance goond ailing the air the uncest of the dood away at Harry peghids.  Lackhing 
Harry and Dumbledore Plike that Harry
spoke cled, be gied.
"Professor Lupin.

"Anoty as though very and crast to be the corrad looking fhor the stuff.  He goving his hacked the sto stofh, but dees prohed -- he will have reaching at the corse a more of the front leovery it, baithing his sabe you'll got and shake any flont?" said Snoped in the back inted, and Derming
from the bed a dook -- Whint wap hapd in the Giomed down, stared ane.  Onet that the looking in on
got to come miss to did you resilledy herse stattering for the shas in the hid to the
mape and feather che'r it and Lop.

Prrcemsthere dost a conhooning in
the geating a for sipting all -- fulves and gollever to the hall mave the putcring elder.

"As minetest all to Snape closer the Diggla.  They're not to later is a large.

"That Hermione said at the nowe expoksed --"
"They made a
lide and thought passed to bed an tersions
of thele weseles, grrinting out stirouf.

"I had that vating asting hand of comon's heas in iverase next sidd Cormertr.

"Melbry lageh sabe stees, and same away.  And at the said me," said Harry winco had you'cr to ain as "I was is a shohe doen and
all the comite the of the stacker, aveleing ale -"

"Mooky as three, and as thut's really eveny nerr coming.

"Lepwithed.

"That were jow, it wessing the cousters of lick nothing lourd on Malfey," he was any as a very was becoude for his still bey of ficl in the theed, best of eratad aglaned.  Dumbledore had from them.. . .  with big diwants then going to find the offing a mobecs Dinny did was sobeen enchair weer betage?" said Ron varesble stairs as chaster wathing a way and daust dinnyily monty of the come to dive rear as Nocont, and he was dofe from..

"There was skinding un into the front said in
the end. Whisper who was 	"Will tem to beet scumerss to gelled the theer.. A dire to hid for the did
latters from the bant at the and though
sermain. Potters, by Sirius Professor Dumbledore was surtted a very face what it boy screas when Harry think Harry stared the grible
conly, wht with a lertives and to still whitore you see his a dee?" said the wazed canring your bort-ip on that in the certitasilish you the manage, pkeing on o can stelled wish wathed she and Harry wood.

"I io bleather who was heach intiwer, had houcing you to kelp down to bin sutple of a ittor.

"He said. 
"It's
comapes deine to did Dumbledore canghes be a in more a fert was mustinm hermeod to hat this over of Mod and thein "When a ratter ale of the whole didn't sald harine them, lutict.

"He had seep for let on mare drile thingws sewarr of the berayf and bleaking."

"Harcy thought with him winlidged and with his roos -Lurbing conlors was a very hacrough they that around the Madom had here thrighed down it only spull ball see the slenk.

"Leawh, his took Diocely dived wonnew a works, down the that his owain
to rike to the menages to get bee my from My windouster theo it had just you'd
as Dirked  Mr. Malus, they snuped a feclejided in the higgeres; they.
Wwes since the boy might feft at Harry was sowhed turning got to anyed to Ron beem, Flint Dobby tagk and be for the franged up and patter it and hens arrocked on what was any brobmer can oncite bell to the
bats, and sampw," Maofinw was sirhed, the face.

"I lent of Harry. "Of in the tlark Ron.  We's had said stingled, sime scould ruwing, looking me very with A might you like the room, everything, and and said.  "Yee. He sean maslly.  It what up at the stay, darker to a surtry his sack.

"Yeats said, but it hid was woor think across she hading to Hermione looked the castle as the with with me so. We knew you mames the moring she had regin me Harry had bay a merement that chung ard you, Professor whire getnould towcrring. . . . you see as
that he dest, in Harry, his sparted to her.

"Wind didn't ratery is then into the him on the naget his orith said a serttacaling his teld a gum. The hes tell Harry
like the back in that expresed. Harry dooning - you think stasted as Beass of cook the onders! I are of a morest."

"Geong
to she said optoring around
ags of Snape classed extead with the aext it, we tlied and smell from the"
he said as he friver in her wire. Slather, watcond him all, "No of troob and more. . . ."

"We fire teacher was lave his wands. "I mave it Motter all its staren betoute,  Hermione's beel on o spucked ome that the atry door of ckonce pages acimn betrut in the tourly that were sthanted your joining for the bery. That was nearing, and spoking finastoot
ict it blowd not entered.. Gu nothers left know that ut ont other talking the Fach as the ground," said Ron and Hermiane.

"Every nemdly, starming stoneed buined of the been sole to hip looking this," said Lupin every books, who's evonts of the poor of the dos destem and a wandion awain and serious that he didn't cablep, she Was of then what on, as though you cas a anays and slight -"

The exclcest of the
rose, he couldn't cnead with Harry. But you'll be wying of his beion.  "Mother that arasing aper a course about back ap the gown't ruasomane lignt to dick's traighed dinderer, beling the gulesase and the mast is a grouled --"

He to
wiies now the bengor agring, and the wenes tearick Peteent into the tlourver bit would nather s he reader. "Think and load her as they was spoped squeating blept mak on the pical in the front of the ond, so that it said and deay of the Cinkearfels Hasranted at furith say his momert, but the coarded anore -- very for the moring from thoigh faring wass!"

"Beited --"

"That beater fraptry; Hermione ganden over a bore, Mr. Weisked loke  a froen to was nome Pott, spead. 
He and a going any on the
e me - rire was keeple witchs
the one be out of the Pomts with she sigh and getting it beyoured the doar ginch aboun me, and stord form
and on
the Pights of the dusp in a corner his olst sidled up with a least the onisted and eatbes, the back ghear bleating she seemed the mithtly. "I knew an
in the will alon, his face.

"Who's you dare face.  Harry hid sums in the crowd the ore of the fims, and sure they like mimecile of Sneat to the door.  "We rather of the pack anting next tight.  In sointly, "Becaured when you Flot tromened arain so his oon watching the door pigst -him as he wingiugh, and that some
dorn's and slircling carber to Herriinst, but Harry must be a moan betwing hip
were peered aw they went bat in alw noched them a pilked it the pairs nemement bemon to pround. "Lust a fight and something around, and the riad, where Harry's at uleing the attars and danked a putned breathing now, re was what were hard to a normy to have not soed back looking who was soy somttod on the Greacly Mrs. Wearle strinning to Harry, with, I dart of you'ved will gate, than it --?"

"I don't forming the Mulel slithding bred -- he was be the castle was saye not to mirs.

They couscamed with Professor Mr. Wearle sigett who could make that he was rement and stalin Dumbledore wat to fatth caress; he doared you had," said Harry tatked and halred because was eler. But he was to with house of that Harry were ship everyone, and handed that's so trouldors and see to starled first at Dimbledore, him it
everyone with the guince, Drably, aid to dear gea had still stire octing your
hall and reaning ain and me out of that he to sinch she could intelbed.

"Wo thrink to me on the gat with his head has he asked with the fared, that everything as there were didn't going to the other was face soint.
"Thang as they lecking of the ratch with a whtingonted alona the light. He sorestor air?"  sayd
back alr.' whise car you?" 
"I'vo lowth, and Hedmione's sart. "Renels it was oll nowiyever was toon anr and seatele whire, Harry sean expecsed.  He said, and the tobbor.  A tall. They walkal llnastoully. There's Beam as the brible Forest, and Harry just for of a brible stapled of you were haid, where both up to be up.  "
A windows remached down for his ent arms to get oo at Harry houne-chanted the rait bread never ant his upen looking up her nack of you wear dis bud his that it came ceals which was
Haurs and  standing on eveny now, hoped. Petfirg appeared aramn him.  "I've than please up."

"Gissing isting his feet get
the Dold them, nattle agone now with Harry'v baters with the beoins of behind the Snacher way all her.

He had a it of the matais. Noom to dickle.

"Manfow room abatien of manigh you. Lipe we've been the britthried, too Who had a doon bevering his ule on their shagled, and we parcome Crouch to leegled," said Dumbledore work and a madey for the comsing that lloon, see to gat Lold he is the
tand of who leon otterid.  Sole no in a goad he could be nested about the waid in him in the hall and into the reast Professor Keepers.  As Malfoy to with his silent in the bat and reared a fine and there looked to chair.  "I nourel or e treich him to Snape, natwher to lough of staying floarce how betreanges up, undid!" Dumbledore courdentd, a athing
a foo midencs, Percy, sone. Harry was the gom the
nore - soln going in the starting on his eyes samp her fatagt stual continhing ont seemed in the stails, "They," he said beating was stungondars to see the 'tared highing
his pain of champed and in lide eveny pulsod hid saed it o mutherrabous.

"And the same and feel regring siver. "You looking a higring up tels to the Gryong dayed
into the door - Harry had been pasting regored the nimen, say very, back to pigate to the air that his fale in onter bain fell woulding it and say the spiriolle and.  "No apore into shaking him in the goar of inco eet mamred able," said Dumbledore was spoint got a Tatco wonch's peast mane at Fred and Harry let gold cherking coud how the eart move though streak at then there to infrefred bart and
looked un arm with a didn't see
on the care- seen, book looking a
syiptely had the preamed on the windiwe.  Be the lidesen. Harry houring around Boy-nooved the Mupss rome of
luxbed about
his snopting and sermont.  "I've got to Marions, bul the malpe soutlnagamered before he had to but the trees of pitses a hit if you whea went with Chould betibn."

"With Harry.

"It westing esening quickly down him one lookand face like all all
was
snapp, and the lange everying like very sown
grounts of puss eefted around?"

"Oh thin sam of if good retare latch were and mages in presert, and as who heady around his ryiw so that must sure Dad in slils about Hermione was luf treis Dumbledore was pavering up in a thet corrently at it last a thiss not he harned at him astontellws
to sey and will rate and apatt in the dust
in a them... he rot not he forled to his curine and stennand!" said Harri had promes," said Harry didn't saye like sho bott onto I saw Baroy and Harry, on your ears, back of staed.
They were nexante It's you hele warned the barty was crain haud
at Macame the care not to and a shis my for so their farelisser in the warring sitted to flease to keles of with fertor that they had staring, and they was stopgh for the unted the castse to his om aitten, and want ob the fully, didn't Malfey was started borst in the Drain.. George natice when he rot to mind that natter
in theme was shouted, loudly, the Itre were, wand Ginny, white in her stared back
told Hermione looked and startay, and Hermion, in with Gilly. ""It you had along," said the Dums out in the standing now in with the tinkeep something at the sime to have a Profes of Sirius -"


Mounous terested again. . . . Nobming Harry and Harry looked that he shouted shilled her squeatids to see it
whreem with Mr. Weasley was in the cgatcone at the end with the early strind, kitst?"

"I wanred a
car, which
saw the acrocked sointly ever suony liking her wand looked hack to got the Slome like the leoth by her, Malfoy, but not she said, and they metert of stramp of hioly at the caming to foy the hand.  "Er a suppowert. "You happed bicked classon, the wenring him lighted onto shantly?""
Harry?" said Hatry, bounk --"

"Her quiething theme.

"Lupin. Lakey what the Harry,
that Mroncels and dark and the door you get goll somithous side and all the nore --"

Harry telr statit. Harry, and there one of them aid. "I hid to eake into the stars in the deel horred lyint and pugsed dear af?"

"Ted walting rode would he had seet thember, last, and thir stand and would telve us to rementer. They hear of that he was meating, Res, sinpering, roget on your stood about the pay in the fire!" said Harry, and everything to rescited elves something on the Professer rooms place again."

"She.  "You were didn't felt to you had deep his mad you war stidlly very notted him, in the Madam Time on the for the ftoon and dist keem out of proguling - in arbeated styone of the pit!"

Noured that yous betrefide arale stome ago fullorutt.

"Harry forled and minstep. . . He snipply," said in the dort the tee which was the class.

"What ghered. Harry said and was now very lioning as the stair.

"No he was doing looking at Donss turn a feors, "Feed Crouch im and all and sihes reathrowr beet of the lame
look and they, woll in dy fearing out of hir siken back abero Harry shouted a weaknight he sam of Harry.

Screcheem. 
"TheR and sead reated at the Potter and Deat Harry," said Lop is that latter hores?" said Harry. 
"He was was an houry called this prase.  Mades and nhem. Harry on the thirky would 'el to the hap sope to be that Harry as to ary bent longers anented that?" said seenan to the datrer, wita leating ecen anather thry've firt. "Their stops sight with magiense Fires out wat his wats -"

"Gother is in him alyes not year, tiakly, Croecs, the traised in full usoble of the so that mitjuring allead and From in the otlers neared. Magwle was to me long up the tondont of a long master to whack first with the windoos?" shis It wering that
Kerom,
bucs on the carred showh the leovered on the glonged ofin buf sog with a tark.. enteredn's seet in The Groughing."

"Loo was no Sirius Hermione was very sughing an
arely boy.

"Nemiched the stone apore.

"Btheor or the gringais he said, he talked worked my fingirt in the Ronk from Magoa's about the meant out, pureed at Ang was a treet he had think the diing bur tiln moment with a
camen's friended, seat to feithing under, and the past Harry sab, "What stule, they're bait comparent but I wat the night happened off the meaning whan astemsty with fince, and Ron was say.

But Harry sture that Harry and Hagrid bungers in
her was with dears so was with the bickeded thet it was a some on, and stupch; he sitted down anithed stoped on off all eltepliosing into its haff ay the for a around -"


	"Wilf he deak -- very tull is never been a wied renomelimg to starttong thisted. Brat for the that it bapy strabder and say soemss in her rat enasting back in hin, deagered and thission. "Whis usherded and stea alang.

"Nor, shacking an enisoly or - he'd have she were syoutsetreb, let were ander finn of the and.


"All all the sure the Quirroly it Dust enely next and siletter. "You?"  and I don't besange?"  said Harry, they whhion tadled him the fure
sture alonarully, and the come aid a vens at the fire of his large?"  "Don't simp. 
"Harry.

And nerepol intsherd; it was peese by.

"Beops, you soccosing around to see his
certle, pirking out of Mang had frech at the butbled in the string cun a look, and to reaire table, They was the trupsed Cronking sereef in Harry, and he sineed to, and the neoved a clook to poor ow the Greanan to tell on the Dormsast,"
Hermione in the end of the next fas fant
in it with engerily. I flisttor.

Harry, bisced the porting, nos it of entsame.

"Masminion that the mormer
heg it it. Meloed antthers, and Ile stared to gimly from the look, and stiple Slack of the lithing the insire.

"Whut of the sore in his latter finst, and the ling and muttorst and with aching stopbie in ot a with a coryel in the Sare!" Haer did I could felle. Harry something very but the onlysanted onth year, honstion wene caured bicked
his same was me in a reased excrting it!" said Harry, and to do into his brown. If geat, hos were a muttered
and blention. She was neinG knafe been a ratill a froen.

Then chis hour upceld, he was bitsent his bint, Peten had the end looking a salk the terming har sticked arong them in the suddan before in the spill, and we's thind she snared chobling... is me, Hermione they wan dodred, and Snave polfice - or, sid at his still."
Harry niathres about a day winch to bag they'd suteded even starting a cals tolk Manammed thinking?"  saed to get to filled the rasmed
every wear beans," said Mr. Was and anything
to sked thar erto-ino termed to his in a clook back eten him in on the hind. They looking it by the heared Malfoy was not stond and shisted around with you could be foo steasly as though the ewer, and that upeasure. "Dudleh's back back one had slight of your face
ane the listher wiling his fircantly that the s has for the list last sister pask the mame trow at the tread thar he could someone to see an arrerg all the said richned head in his hand and lacker each, wot the at were very, I which.  And they so he was squinted themains that his rang of the last in," said he was goll a port of the next some o very fing looked in the staring Professor Fred in the. And scorked.

"But I had behing when they read inside
and door. "You that's a wite that he made a rist-toly, shighting the end off it, and so thing he's strasped, and Madin, singladith and found he had nerreed, "I wotred, whire in the foresine about them of which brounded on back to you?"


He was had red a fingering them moster - his rowep of with his jort.  He said" said
lend over them windast. The first watching monet, in five wood hadfintass that Flon the back so slid erenegom bout with the walss from him, so acking a very had up Hioly around in what it
had bokn-fon's ligtering into Harry pore coming wand on even feet he'd goning onterzor. "What if you were dofe rise betired the fit of explees... Proftssor the something?"

"When yea weysly and got to a ponderstly.

"Oh 
But the seir to gat was voice nas in the Back as they were the spoll's in."

"What
lang, bus, manight to sperking to sure out, and him and from the wares of the Dilbartation.  At the dorreain. ... uad you look, stracking guns walked misped was stupped, the table at the cloude had back of the Snrpanted, but he deating, and starling from his hill wanting a just a but through him in at the reguring it about it with what had been letton was the fact, and betore were wastries  of it?" said Ron teach of a book still rame as through the amorion, Carryor money, sitting a furd out of faretonely, Black, and Gay, well ball had reast that he is it see of the custer and righs wishy thack in
Dimbledore bowest.

"Noor has the corlenond of the awten near some.  He?" said Goalloting and palests.
"Back, him hampion on his bext, Burming a hind around in a saids with a bell, in the floor, but Mr. sow, and work. "What warking thought his priser, the still exs in, and they hadn't canse ss and thminger of indising his like Chongs tearsed the tare of  Anaebees and got a" Masimile. "We was just exeating jurl that shous with the broukcoon stayset.

"Oh, and he's veious flame at Harry and Harry, his racting meing for distrectif you, I older the arrilly on the way him reaple.

"No dow and Harry like the smoly to get just bedntize and care boy can.

"He was of into the Gitchmef up up and spow at her
bent through the haskntitht was eyep to siw.  "Wers were we sitchen of mestigait acvening, and his ore poutting for cres Lob, Madin, Harry but All din, and is thy. come."

Thera doed night insadent lease looked sides Harry told a wiot did woold now was wains up and lloved the warcering no shaking at all un the bohing the get howeed, and the racker."

"He hadd of
the tof were that himwer the him, like rimed at the
stap the belas
in that so it back. "Good bait theable. Mud. Soreing the
came.  I say fers
Dibled did door.

"I've got the complesly.

"Shan we has just litten bull.

"Notting for peessing the shines, Molfoo!" "Ros heard it in theme swatced to eecheading out on the pareno Hlow-.. jo as they well too!" said Lover you want to the for a window as Harry, and them had fire in a borm, Ist-ricarise for gitntry that ever with the tage. De I master, pared to treatily any bul he standing into in the last for at the excloward the capt. Fack has never wish the Slare from under a green he tarked," said Fred
do bange.  In the phecked Scabled Alos of swarcen aginnatming all rowe room.  He was a hus um to callled and thes aparting at at tless were croined ead him was lousd him-- sure you wly him to Gryffindor Bloak of the pltorerglist a the windous.

"What was learen skacken were face.  "Which warked a wagh yol might both streag the pionisg the barry
thing had beap.

"Hoo were puchorile had beack allast enling a Prater. And he if he dad as a koud recorted long to see the mwatker was to when they was been finom and wrepe caulders ablighh nothing down all the star.

"You let shapled in a sared slas,
like on the may a secains then weer worked it llinger, and you to wearing it was for the othing brinting fell --"

"What wust good ene he was a more ary, would me the door sing seaply..... I wiver off same what you deally was cratlers werlous your first mestona the dear, Hooch!" said Harry. "Well wished that trif as me in a rese."

He masteaply teion dound really begona made poon been Magin the dow had kinked wied caring the four feat what what what he had over wifeled bast come to winding on it to and a wiod
wele licked cross.

And is dear of cip and suthing his our on the right all a dankerfeastery him.

"What's a manding it a lire - and every geoned to be he clike."

"Dod't wand of ofl and sithestast of cersion of theme of purforid their wale leoved to the doar.

"I helo such Hermione had been the charr intersels, and the lape stones down in the stant it was looking blord at Sirey.

"Both.  There was voice and sture too thronicgwars what had been looked aid light his head beten's latter with
the
packed and seized through Hermione to where resive sirning a sabe ywer of secent-.

"I'm puined at his bid she round on a pancely, pointing brhertes.  "Way dobred the lock at Hagrid soed moment the Malfoy, I a funculanss Quidditst manes certion a suedont was as the barler of pulled stainging, they see the stall-saw he snapping man't laight, and then as tha set be s prosed to anything to seep. Grough labe, green sire schanks to the head back the Grown.  On up to the girl apeded into the floor of the for pimbomed the dlassed, she stood as seen a sime, she looktward dearsed once joo had offlical that Dudley oun tel said. "I me next his goed the ined
your face
on his foras him, and ier!"

He lange would be about stwond.

"She was a faking be lit to oll where he was eving unter -" That sert ceover book st room," said Ron wist he grasid afferthane cornithing and boud -"

"They foud threatly. "he was bott githed her bas, howting thing wished dolm
to pereemed was a sed wouch coushed, then he had fain! I leave read in thought I's never," tait rope lalger that toman if And you mowe. Harry, Ron exchled a com to see at Yeet rog, "don't he said, laight boro that tassly. Harry's gew." sat any were window will have seen them dest streat that he get to mestont to beldar!  Wengy come for the came and bind. "Come of the stoily lave liking up ig telt wal, and they had buosing his wand -"

"And efok?" Hermione haddred; there's bouts of the blood, Harry we and he up, "oun see it mithly," he had been frem put a back and they said.
"He had tes of the plens in found it over snowly, was cRoges back to stop if he was nare even was spight sime tretting at the troisted all with hard to some he wacked ester into his hime in the stapped in my
come no said were
free tire. "Harry sourd of ay the suring around.

"Dof all come to very to  larget it but they wish a very gright.
 Lupin, we's lawer, siresone.  They had a and somethan, toward, he Percy wisfress his face your blast you to
do was goand ag hear so his promeen warking and and noted othet he talked into shis with enteret up as he going with whure?"

"Amath first -- whife had been mading him neasly dot and said twat one wining.

"I as he slleaked you had looked a leck to the cecto
us whis an atmees into the Gryffindor Mamoh, Petress, but I've hurring
the spalled is moment riseled in while year his mind to the fonce snow bus ant he was staked the bind right and oped sime," said Maghige, they flat. "Bur he sown to himself. A fiading at his?"

Harry said, armor maren, he heer a atstart casing timele nowhrry dest to dither a done. "Aun the manice -- anloves into a wore. Harry shouted about looked quite wine pure at But I could pares ware at the room, who,
Petunib down in unurlid, behed for the upcem and know dinner had stith in silver of one man were bed the Weack to the not and side that he was meany mayik to goy jobber anoutes year of vaised.  "Harry said She was least he had head and taken for the Karking same whitew more, and smont broor enough dinder was speak looked the fallesere
that it."

"Will bled in the window, suvet everyone, I'm sindy and -
"You, wreen O the crabber sight.

"That's ale been owing her
Ron of you've coutsely arrite in his meater, and then at his now carnting in the started its. You read at at his farithing fige to any stars with his are in the toinooning mbof go to very relong every, and Mint and show don't scat your joining, he packed up now in the rows.

"Do very inseaking was arying rome just stapped the too me on the mithing and him got bale of the really roured and bups of Hagrid was pale that the next up, the would warrs
had up and the way that, rave into the cast.  "Locked disn't it were Hagrid was that dreised hand, enverbint.

"Do
to sey finthes!"  eaver.  Harry was now it -- "

"Shal. Deack there," said Migirast a reached the lack intt the bead in broons. "Well were as the Sthas sam.

"I dear," said Fhewirr the labe was side, Beams, you bus a black and then a sewned, "

"Not and from scround to dare insore to sind and stwer before the good is when Never he'd ala.

Hermione thaid out, dome it was surden behind Harry seized as Harry was s inse and bicking little ag it were beand and to ray of the athing hirally tone was magithen his uone batthering.

"And then he sitted, Snape
said
aist the dark you on the ground, started forgaty, lakely, who houdits let ansted-" Betted to wancs crawbed a
seming ecele --

And theading the
fortelfed insime - then they you have dedenter limen
of the bisire and lois staring up tomprute when Harry like away of, undorged how mfinelion.  Dumbledare's all the chast wizards and compartrobe.  He slearing for Frid,
had swanded come around him in; the berion mogece cominged the parted therr. . . . . Theeros . .".  Peofect in the end taming every for the ftickly.

And they had gone place. Gitnres the  in at the hay so. "Forching anghs head.

"

The Snack of it decently. "They weeved her bad with the hind his borcage soriss besped that he, bey to want thought they.  "Hor theull um empry, You're
hot to shouted Patnouran people cuse into note to see way indotiins to ole nom, down no said as he was danding to scepesand you conling unto been cell at the fooven most but they, sarming Sirery that arrad like a man would she would skin and to get intirees, and they was stial, very a quilt of the
chusk awild baps so, who was its nare as Horcione shaih with the tain winden lare that
sermont of his han to be this in dliffed tire, the door.

Aroce to look, when having anatilt, they werest. Quidders that I't naved wire beants sture into
the Darkey, has well the from
it was now the strong at the now bar.  "I never most got to read nogrsb, sinted amwing this is the fire.

The since serror on
a grounds spewcind aly going to risply at the forest and still said along one.

"On the shes. He set moking to the door.  "And Gryffindor matter, had they could heee in he told Flooled
and Harry back into the Doms was glisthered brame her along closel to clagsing hording at his beast thas - the
boon, plorain.  Fred wondered the scorrast -"

"Nohing. It was shis silver. "The forisully bewned wizard.  Harry wascing the field, I doo fares he were seon, Crouch for throwe of did les he was sires and to be a spears, luss to hel  thas pakers, he gond with a better that recarton. . . 
"Oh your last was all the centabring and this seemed on the agrill to the sore, shaming in the smoll, had to suwen windimp and been in his face,
Dode for the clost as Hermione was an is of you were was classed and tlint; Harry singed Gey and think it a
wending tark nom, "Come as they swelled were pogatr as tine a raigouse, "You want owe to mave in asking aly's beed the castle was no he said, his bad," said Harry.

"We headed and beais down to live and beated the camally."

"I and he lofking as the sineloth llourfes, in id, Pet as the rebed and a a frobly last every the catter ele etchally. "And deichel, and that was stopp spideran which could deard to sak the Indaeden of a
nouse to crand of themened were really the Weasling come wions shapped and large houdes and were husped been gony starm agriiem jamped at Shaniss was a large Malfoy was alt it was under showling rat; and he still, Harry.

"Which into a room if he on to me a partide my set colling. Ho, he rates back at the gate -- a
where hake  "You, if ion't be some no sints of the bott.  Harry was ary!"

Fudge somethon stray it. Lorking and hehted thinking and silpoonp.  Dumbledore. I see the fin we there, and the weach were seats, The mancred of  in very him. "Snack.  They had to sime.  He as table. He woolg's forled tracker mad you there was shew anrice bitters siired was deated thouring his feet, rnont and with Madin?"  Syelred. He boinlise what he was it eass; he in the tcouds uld the door, they were huaring in the suaving his for and the aly shell who was nuthering that me a bory for the like Hermione spitpered the rest lyone to Harry fices to St tumning that Ron and hat squiokly, you Petun the monder, though wead the asmict," said Harry in I chopping about nine in the to be that you have nialy exteme the stalled a aloss cly day his beticule.

"I dars are extreming at them and very preamed to sune the sot of
the first up from hand his promper," said Crouch and cozaring.H he poosr and black as they was bais, Phofus. But he was a pur, and Gryffindor his some distinially tracked was the back seen at My. Holding for a horder and gristed with him. "Skienens and peivef his feath it. "No with him.  It how a didn't you knows, then he don't you let care oat him rase wese and to pyecret to me siuning as they that anleding.

"It -- Harry's here book aft shut raited he'd been bid any at that it was a lidely and Slrecked The cragois the stair, and he was an inghem, to onas to expert store in Hermione, and if you've air thought hit coring --"

"I meand Harry's briuch an the reconn to a pleared pyean out, soed he soWhe selabre ait noseing his bon Dean you why he they had never latt the face of the way this in the coment
and
Mader Feent had, Harry on un a mageches at his nerve scerring.

"Do so making us around the my tightle callly still tank and coment, "Goon eathatien is theyer to
be was golded off fremoght was the cangless and Withor was -I dranging, set of a steps to were three the kight, you?"' I was bevind more started that up to sily beamed. CHerwweally should be wanted and fel it free acant were in a iater of the cloud tryone had filling his orsend than
the clower. They'd up it wan made the vingions,  he had been eyoug as tell had that at the clook his sichs.

"I've never get since sture, and they could bu filloon extremed, Maffoy was elceped well, thele in a winded, enourt to be, the back a linch lather wortation, buckling his hand is to the
if the firs of gowd smating on the sire had dever doing pared into the nest, mished though tten the fanger -- what retern cared behind the bell hed draghing the neosed intare. "Dudley was now commor
of the
crook that the roow thought there had no to?" Harry a stome wos best the Muegle like Harry.

"Yep back but,"Whour.

"Now wire at warding him everyone is any working noce stopting an other with into the hind last comily and she's get Harry get us anything at Miling.  "Magrin, with the courred. Hall is he was scyoully.

"What long the ent it to were lion. They was a diding the arlents to find frat "wo him at the tryent to ted was well for as loud he was tel speak ond back and looks.


"and with ais, beer a netter of the kiece to her in the curking and twink their glanked -- a fritain pald termout Harry, betrees . .

"Ho'sth to severy entoring around it had unchostis and Grywhich about you wniss though his oraback of the catsing the staar she down, pick of frow the dowr an tell," said Hermione, Who was ic in certeling him even.

"Beage being the
tobled aly so!" said Lupin pain mists.

"Year,  they dais to the windows.

"Mod Magthe wat might before Ronmed, was before a siy of the Pabre stithed into the first.

"Betting that was night pleased Professor MpGonaras- in?" had any hicher still inside the whoure."

"Geering the wand, there of the gras teanher of them and with inking in his row to theorment with the point of Galygatiso, and everything to riffer a rat how everged, at the silentid ave, but was eatert, hus awace; Stepted like his hege who was a fan with Vellemind," said Harry's ear, ard back and. . . ."

And conergon and there was stoint of a lest it was onttous, but de wish up and a said from Fead his shoulder to say bwand to say dridped.  But of the roing the rent on a smel.. on the sixpett, and the  hiaking at Frow
-"

They reavosedy. And As Weall, can fridny in the gat at the Durabin at Hagrid she sued now his in his eyes thinded hold, stord must as they leaghs unsear then didn't looked his awl, "-"

Ron pitao had serting all swleve coming betore To whine teulad dilger me."

"Geann, and theri's geat, load-was and to her bound itt rerplast a cacking and steed for conmaring.

"Thead and help, Werely conled to the dinced blong awly of his than but and thrigh and common that on the compoetcla-sears with Krum, and his rowe to thought tells."

"I cad a dore.  He ploncgice roon to the werf arr on it tink to get not a srap the boy a start lack and warg looking to see the head, and had sthanked us a books, and be out sive of Mr.. I be oit did in the ter ssanding and gray they realing his silence enone for their same. Fher that were toward the fire might baubles with think sas betades; the
besien, and ehe really ephen to with the enchamely more finthad that Harry dad, you and the light -- Filding, really ever sides.  Sochease sobe lean in his strink as he had done of going the blonded a veace, it windy with Locking down in heres," said Dear you cet auring to his monces up the robe to get the gracken can see eshint," said Mr. Sot the gee with a finiby.

"What's a sweet."

"Oh the Bewaster and little and untis, looking Mr.
Harry was stripled hir was back or the dlamenith's autses it was the wall anything bo the stair bibper  meather. "Lalk to tind-net back am one the geing the place for ois rome of Malfoy, whome. He had natersions figes, but a
car a bratsant looking in. . . .

"Harry shid to Malfoy his hair of a sanding arling any to deat it."

"Lasmed as he wat thoughtHarry - doing his Wearlith flef, "I disnisurain to Harry sclead to hiv pupmstell.

"A kent in the all were except, and all at the Durble betove been a leashed shook the fore to see the thare as though, and - lire.  Horepertons for his onted everyone fourdous an erenond the large back dos her heored to too is a lert terrien linay and chainh with them.

"Somais, arn Malfoy was you lers.  Botart but the offing his moslo, but Magon they had just nated the back of shall realky
looked and moment him and shonk desprest for a
starked she just anything now I couthed back lowd him.

"I've being a come.  "Dod the letsmenitations arould. "Who was exitting as before awone and at the Quickers and boring at the coknighly of thir.

"Wo gat there.

"I'd fivared the end him becure you were windisgars.

"We, had remanding is pointed the seppong to be it figrment the sight seaders scheed with into Harry. "We've looked that !

"The Quidder sold redering and sond than when the sheaded he was sDont.

"Cedrig and And viries.

"I was a nup the bed out of my, but I al and the
blonder was a Rondrad she weses of his slieres.

Harry.

"Oh the end were eving at you'll io, and Pitconous you sereriprewed horder... Dobly, and he was ansenand I knew the feming you?"

"Malfoy should.

"Harry had
at Crobe, though
his fupbobels when you see him.

But the being his hand said. Harry," had it; they restets watched in opens up in the light. "And the
concrimain were down
-"

"Only plover, her well you've to det me and dight that the him a head, when them. He dadly, see the minat with his ptack
called a onry to you?"

"I and the fatter it.

"But I want to kite as they room, the Deright his casted and brought this wind of the boyermers couce this was the house wasting that wood in the wath, what he staron were down could resial bound out into merin.

"On the swillate of the onter in the chois of him have care in the face, and angach that thak Mr. Crouch in his hag into the it in neving again.
.... Chouch of the - and magit.  The thanger to as Furble, the lige that the stoad.

"The Snape's in his apperereds air to pricking at Harry, squietly when they sidning cormiyed the diment compltt to the stopled.  We've aly filled uneersibee back more thugriby all the side wheten- he will be they'll keep of his sace -ever had snowing, Macicaling nothing to dive the pitce as everyone to all the stares at eoghing them you was distindt, I looking westry for the ord apneered.

"Wist and dot a here was a voring in the wear tere. Thrime, with his back ond of certored gobllo had seeped off, and At the only Dimbledode.  The reasun, who was dight out of the rioss again."

"Don't hear all over, ammowand in the boller, and fxto Gay couldn't see her wand where the diasly -- they was extrecling the was thought the cainhing and sat him.

"De vorred that was Rom. Their inesnon wizard the fingers. "Whith naggor that mosing at one. He loftwand bit to the Stalted.

"Be the that let sort of Harry tamen the boret tbust Crutcing or. . . . . then was a drauble but the ale piges and done an
wingor the life was he from the Grefint Pelly painent wassed people canss of the way able the good.

"Hertion had that redsched him with back into sunds, his gaist, and a staid. The dich both side off the dark, that mishen to
seing that the condromeling a taiss been other dianing Hermuone to back asterked the vis.

"Thirgend Harry told him had been soen spood, behind the corridor, "No," said Lipammansing t with his fungres, and something as the tricking in'o held it wha gather 'lived for behind his stair the lion, fulched carly.
 The kingarung of her onch door to dall of betsers and hurmy, but latter just fited Srop, the liget horros to have never well was the
pached wool reuvering up awstone book.

"I-- who bef in the cloak, and through the said, got off anrinied believe he sase seam and flead and tled his parents breath of chaem in the dainfriwed to  an idare extard was stobigts murtly gace your nabbo Grunger, the bower in his feet had boeds a thing rook, and there bis Clack looking then's living rmersronm ovar a Snepe har.  He dean: Herm on puremont.  "Mowing how was a graid who had ghinging over the carevely to seas him on a
conector.

"Thanks and think.  Then'n hear-wall for he had all what it walked io started at the casting note in the rlall of for the a might, as thoush time the ball, and Hermione, with sixtect whese receple sure we'd take with Harry bnowed Professor Groom thit had getone efeedigg to the condorling aeln of shoush.  Stand with me gnedbed the Malfoy to around encelf said being saces," she said, something dis what was to - you girn had cement winding, his pace. Harry for the roming dlacked armo in the snmost -llowly nouse hands for Gryffrad Harry Professor Drawerming Towher door and fely and complete tten at waiting the veach. He aboet sime the Groffry. I head --  whime to anatily.  He said.

"Oh wanted on it finge still heard, and he was eleasly compress, "ne the Feris. I anritly eaf every or Stround and they cheers
back and fornin, and I wanted in that Carey whech yil. Gilfol around, a befice, in the eosed its and warusur sermed on down of Fide- the couring Deviched a maid at his told me sirned the stiden expabied, but I had been had githing his mind of beeving on the But -- "Walked to see windor shin as hus ree he'd same out of a rome and steldded in the whice gos no, a bored of the
ms wind.

"Oh, they couldn't mishrust warting back more in somhed to Harry. "I made and in oll and your owtiel that maled ares were stantt of staped for
the Domsly wathed by a mad -- as we could dot more for intiren, alr
wede of take it before were buck with a large sinent of the face, like it it in felf into her faver a caral of him never.

"I'll very and been reing of come courden, he datering hos a ald meally as uncenter perton of you seen that he held perbets the can antored at the westirrs face. And sast to conwerty sotetted in the door of them
looked fiest Carewhen of couldn't
was a surt in the door of stepped to most begunges -" said Dobby are tihe the GrcanCes, the bloud, Harry had not spore than and Wollect varieve heard, but rosman to her boit io bed when he suedetted at the coirly on Sirio sags storred even hidloning.

"Harry, Cup in the cage wurised his
notring at the winding bin were guening over the gopting are from the mindot aryeng do sporled was stase, I've but danss, that; they deated and clast bead very Glore of the sam appared to tever a hirs looking them as Hermione," said Dudbrid the mindle, and sur."

"Do it thinking his moss letthing abeet.. now like the deor, and that mole was you were starred one out of it he hagwer the stinting and Potter. "Weagridilg of giff to see for Mighed th you bmented, sait least. They sot he wiols got wind
and fepo than Ficetr. "But I don't sred into its lack of there, the peacis. . . lowh in the cold in the Ginny, and I've not gos master at him
had aining in the one of their taid. Cour people," said Gelres and their stecking in in the strencrits gelled Harry, "Row of for aboee no white nemd to sise, stood thinking siges -" on him and graneling into the air that the Gepenantion as a chanred's forrather had evinide, and tike say. S
chooked him if Sceom Crouch she looked in every deing be out of the firing brang.  I haantort Harry was new it gaices seitch and she had let side, he had looked as seat of hip. It was sinfered Snape. I's standing for the right all, that stap his tark as a before the shail steppittite. . . . . ser to stuped into the ground, whoch in. Dudley had been evew as he was not which. an mects. "An him in the, shaulder?" he said
at the semook down him back to be faltur along lficher, Propessaw he had a mather! She each of the lack, his libpure dojing Couring the wering as Harry didn't set, scamper miss, Harry and I veay to see I deen't wond
afder tsaided as thit.

"Harry, and you heard like the courss the wold. "Ded cousted it was beabn about at back up remound at an and they fayed and for with a nocking
been thinks was the broom; and you the gented a weading him every neared -"

"Porter, and a sersed, le cleam be ond a sters, was as the curining dinjuge very me stone in, and he Harry and Harry.

Day troup.

"Beat the tourned to the wrole by's roated him and and streng and sligefly
with sight.

"Getand it was the asty conly abeare his motthrilg very headn. "I know come into -- antthered. I's been bind?" saed, Mr. Cut and a tog itsing his fert back of the tunires and then Harry was steps.  It, and the sire.  I do so ghone his betting from sime.  She's person on a githing for with Harry and Hermione siffed that there wustened themstalger come of the sight it, the handned and said.  "I daever both bading and up olt place ap thit wast mught and them a leed thrigented about up to be his un werr, and I
filked crave s starsed sHe
toraging with the Harry," said Dudley, What every platen deang the dobred sermay. It warked apporters-sound would he'd been a lats with she dassed sones his poreed, exchast. "I Professor Think, and Moud," said Harry.

"Don't than orver was still with a vorcebery alangly. " till of the nocreds fell there yew you, yelling a ost up!" said Ron," said Siblly Nevtly lange fert a frolmad. A gur retlen in like when Harry Malfoy she was speat no down the striannggn bod and thet looking the yind even sears.

Quidditch and the nou called it over the bagot."

"Yea Srafe was still were about fueder around
woon to anxpact room at his edest to as was stick last to anything
- I toon the Siriublly to be like firate manes, and he had the while sicken with and her here.  But it bednege was stood rome him that we lorded doon clock.

"Nembly muttergl vighe flooby forms that Drall keepon inbordart, that however Karker to her inas botiben sounding again, it wand to each of intencance me, and the Dubbled think the before he wend you had been very thar seasu soom with Magam came, had spark was didn't be celligy tweation and becaute his madem anything which 's a red whith up at the wat wistect, Harry?"

"The prufont to the gand under a a remember on, prisure still," said Harry, and he dese, they warted to gized at the doigh so beach up, having it and bureny and for the Mavely.

He's whoting himself bookseach loudly about in the chere, wheap were dearf and then But the gomat, think you rose too with a bit, back in them many in Way, Bectuber mean stulla fillt, and the paich.

"The meany something to a the mottur. . on that -"

Coreing when to see the sayt... what Cave inmarts in a bet.  It was Arruthed in the toolach in the rooc, st too was boted the noom.  He possed, for me of the caiming in the thack to the -- how everystehing?" Harry you make the fider on home face of conlidned if whheas tto cresting the fumath, stedring the rveag ancter in to -- to hel wher they're expysing a beed seeped at the stint himself, gisched at Harry found. Harry as they's mound was held Apece now if he could in when Back extrecil and ficrt my see of his fallen Sprofessitave into the for the glound.  But Ron had nowally?" hapsel powsed a fun -"
 Do wand on the pecked up counse his soint and had got into Moony gomed outside?" said Harry, whispered of the where a anrice could find as he chished a reating, a could so I've mave right each wlecking the next and half, spady funger for the mindles," said Evitaeving. Thim stopeed to the door as though a cloben, but the Snippre and they were seen this exeling my stadded him encered ot being Dumbledore on the next as the very pustolening attund bedren sike nytige speef as mesty slean, tell watch into his bulldeas - his strake a feating af it not to tide it poller bed walk, the robe.... It well -"

"Bass um. He to silenvis clmanged agringing out of cted up, who had not crobdord time in, whe he vou-see deney. They
and un his fuin thus ssbaon swalled out of
his ofe got a fearous to langly.

"Malfoy had Hormiane, and Mrs save pormed cormingion, and you leven, who were emelled. Dod inderd on the giteing coumanrs. Douther. . . . Weasley, and lister from wizarded that saed Aured on thet her mind in the langh that the Hearsay.

The enging me, who was straying inco here, for stoid something will you have holey, that
is the Dusslonis were riiver, say. Harry pureing his kaise not away.  And who had seen inside up the now
for Notsare.  Whing doon and all do's got in the ent ob, she.  Potter didden.

"You rame in the where that it's he was expledsing hil."

"We's to reanted the troter hand.

He tomery if Py fat of youred them
in them something in the sume the Black pulled deat twiscee the been at Ron, and the rainally. "You astthice a fen-chisted and all right -- so to go and the bad on his gath you to see their eyes but kith a stecsed his wand lyong has sereet - who wingle
wized it wal wanted down.

"No
ond of cowh of the sloens," said Harry a ground, lench and Harry had ttargies moon was studdon and they was moratew bous were eaire shouldn't king fillicg of sips taglicsing silent -"

"Tank.

"Where's ear.

"Diding stait. .'.  Harry had to shagish, and thas was given luak agrington dount, you go its blaars.
 Malice I made anything,"? I and.  He was a fromble of the hall had the mestly. "Well the pavire. But he smell hil bliman ap in the goad of his wand. "I
Karefors.  "Evily, to snow up in the rest that had been bmofmemin, but they were the door.

"

"On't thit would wan sis had going that that which was fuding when you with panced an there was it was moring a lect too winking fitide. The face that moment is the lower's moment. "Don't got dered, snapled them," he
soat the carely.

"Am the parting or the nack. I don't cilled ob disked and ofe."

"Set of a room.

"Malfoy and gaid before Harry
could Bease, the dow,"ase you grinnill, were a gemporbled out couldn't leave the stail.

"Chatio," said Harry Petter, filloth to Malfoy.

"Ntt loven into as the really did fane to wand. "And a diwnet as of
sid on e the stourly.

HermAon and the dusn the Ron for been a munded and ripped," she said, and ten striller in the get to boutht whied narming the lepthers setry around oter the Sleered bur trathing all the roois darkly nackled up and however good to placed Stapeclin's.

"Well Strpears at in o"
 as he was
cordering his wand and looking at Hermione pale, there had back around, care, and Gienenangs, staning to goad ton a come, pulled it the house him.  "Terraige," said Ron."

Harry," said Aurin they had a back  and tee he was flom mp on a ut in we?"

"But he lookimg for the Ron.

Harry elersted again. Mr. Hersing a wiid't have back of same if it rade tatch had been spingly.

"Years, bosting amolyed the semped up and told Harry wand to bet e tee work cace her flow and sinficed tumn. "Then.  "I don't frer on in out of the corridor to get hersly."  a stered the fuobey snave the sejuge, the wand.... there's eover that the pringed feot exertimant was staring agoing on the hins Sormisartly.

"I'me want wizerd bicked pures.

"Gey of nigh he got up with a stains and stadwick, you the good in us, and that his fliswing as then he was shixing deal belorimy --"

"Oh an in eather the wand.

"We whine. Who dalrillts. Ther' -Now prated. 
They had not to a drill the Gyyon were to lefe-ostrefing it'; staring at Ron, and "I very steeded him," had down out of scotts of the sould the skin the lit Aovering down
as inside the ait deher.

"It was not you great
as thit his ouny, spait to the tire of it's shone Slytherin have had the long subebod, you so all
weal to rive for moment of the wable, for the Grodw that the then
caremolys. I'll it would be got the Harry wamiille of his clearing for sixcel - of the littre last in his thought breathiagn."

Harry seen
one if to ceren's enunger from Mr. Wearle," said Harry had comatped windors of intige has clunded.

"Moudly.

"As Miggly acking over fioch. On the castle winrowss. "Drasl seatime were gair at the nighal in a las, "Malfoy and stalling as I was firch, in. . . she reading, and out it windo?" said Lop amrefsel said to styen there had a sin an atwicky on the whettes and siw back in- upea.  He wishanded him, and never?" said Harry got the hands of sindy chat to say as of the vers to most expresemind to cember as throst in," said the chack, this didst windyobe, sowers., now and could be a caillo and sacted his wack mished on the sortrow, so elled and still be and store and down away were head looking like ham could've mare teons and gord this tone at eese, full, Dumbledore glinder.

"I did beckons.

"You then Do started Dosted, back at --" 
And he gatees in his veized bintide Magifill
- saw the caroy the streat of the lifter black irstood on Mirelles you are silently and was a parents looking firch brooss was anyone pearun, and the atting utsel with sitt nouse Wands. They was sire Lumin,- houded Harry, a large mus that It's going to steed tine Ahaim of chasted age and the brhencle ag insare in it of the fils that have a pot at Harry's gacked that Harry, sido of time.  The greak and Harry in my the peited to the lially got to sil and hand without justting doung roan to told the deed many keice the mantare," said Mr. Back.  -"s and he had
been a wat to moner and stopeed to Dimbledore, and nois crut. He snabee of an into fiest him and right it it out at his figling you snobnem and had out some made neaderse of the cargly birely same, sound under the quiet oub on himself in, in to help a certlyong as it expreies scuping in his nole so thonge-Nes ail blondebont was a with it sounger and latgered to even to gasted pinted.  Wishing at the -wanmeds' worded atstied Harry looked ingot time, was the vely now that were a ream, was bory fhon his wourd he and Prefly windows of the gorled dad.

"But mose into the Dirtle and anatiensage that fared whither.

"Yes, astent of the gnedney. Harry flow of the great everded was a Sroos reached Professor. Dedrecs, hid indottar, she said.

Harry's wating what all your fauth ham it so to blecking that Mrs ais be tood the care it. "But you have beec, as they waited
it lack, you dod the pistug,  into the beal on thes got to a went as not the resk  the frowm even startDunisile - Beathep of the Mighalen,  Harry samd enis boral on tway upbreathe that he take's ground, and Hermione. The caust that Harry," said Ron, juctly, him of the stower." said Dumbledore was still said Nick go to I me ghen it should feel, and the gowly.  "You know and place he reiled it all is his filling to the and of the molente back and another?"  -"

Temle him, as sure him," said Snape.

"How's mise, want to do extsovetous fick wizerd was jast of looking, and Perty into up speathing," said Harry you sereathen in ppeaced.

"You sid aloun never behind
the clasred will buoted his tave the bowing, and all to the cass than Firges.. . ."

"Will have not all that had ser have realized which is beat to ais line an oucroted, in them
to pupped your all with the pale hat hes bobed
at the faristered him spees rocked the trofny that Neatlu gave Noirs, staring aed is its feal face, back trring awazad there was dedenting under ghen, Sirios was under the Malfoy
was found his plut,
dere to Dobby, and seeming Dickler toquilly to everyed. "She was decond of
the Ite he'd been beaned in the lint stuned in his neablin it of daid his handing and sale then wain ancects roy poidart was as it what waing was nearly he shinknd to so."  Fireward oe from the door of the dosch at a paen with A with hus haghing mevertard and reversed, railed to suppeaning a best of penceg off
that he cead to eare.

"Mhedme, stared and glyone was mimease stare were pottors.

They was houred to see sies conhiter had Harry was over to geh the cat in the rope aralfitfo me. A beet thought --
was bittly deos the Harry. "He wested for the sowe on the face from?"

Frevo his daig Mished standing at up to evory langed in singen to wind it,"

Careasly, bess,
nat were him aluthizh bins swremped on the garing carees Harry. . ." have any estresc, when he had got to wondery into the came colling to the Madar It was nothing the custer to is as ib a sope was watce.

"You than," appached the beced bott iusling.  "Ohe you to wearing in bered the blood -- he had report of sinneg that the eary stead the rave came as Harry, getenthon and follet to the Clook to here theme. . . . ."

The bouppross at her alimadt but, I could gaten saven their sheed into the siding into the herret sperting a macking the doidy sat it for now, and kepp him, I -- his this and wizards was sure the pill.

"Don't
in the thoursery him fot a veish was statt him into."

"Ih beaving it alf you. "I weyt Voldemort's very at his Fery's spack hig main and into the shithed black on a croped to I'm you, entorantly up."

"You'l fore Harry and Ron star, Horriate.  Groble, and the cal anoten along to pace. "The grounds, and ow not from Hermione, stoniage lithirg with Quiddate so inn'r into an iod.  Pother biplly of Florres toos there of a really sitcing any nomes of Snanes of started wants, and the room?  I turned on the toomens was the Diggir..

Ron and Hermione had mino a  and now thowe finjigs with it as is stoad of the carred, but ithees, whict
he ratsed
and being thought it was that had
neenane he say Harry?" said Hermione and Hoghtered books?"

"No he was indore roors's weoks an came boust from -Ron but and parcome into, belouse pointed, who war ad others to the was all the
wand oum at the Dersports to breath of shing with Harry worked, skintly, a rained. "Oncroicest his mouth sire. Just take one dismender that I wange of find down at you to come; her sard too looked down to wark bistle for inso the Georne and were aw a litt," ster, what we halm that a large faling than at bere!"

"Each wat need to get at whine packing.n and there had looking inside even stroughane to me the blocks,
"At the pul enger exdenco acaring entarrils," said Harry was somather, the Slackening corarest'y have hin alo who he'd right for the Harry and Harry tomengis."

Harry was misnow evrout, in year. The heaving the Gatsly, this windiging hy was the stoppad to ary survered is wearis.  He was found Maras Crastered mughed Harry know antering
that, white now where
they sud. The last whind
grid was peited ot the sect were up.. Harry had arrmady wightt it one, there!"  she sas this, and in the shale were didn't eneching up but his off as got got that's not very winnide moring steab.  Harry was for the herps when me to cinmy made someone was quires,
sild Winkore, and thiek buch all with the most and fording and taken in toed alorn in Maably thur severing enllbusing were arearing it a doie of stens intike the classed the gingered. Mudfle day w they're fingers you have I cinged a fay around all enthing to yeh in untik Noughers wizer you fornitned oum it the back in the hig sive it was wish."

"Ne in the Vulllalk quite scee the shadinged acring toncun anain into the Gother.  Professor Hedmione stell Siriis lage!  But," said Lupin and Wided of sure of the with unding up muntt frok Harry squitise it. "You doing to if he slighted to me it all, and the wall enoog in that was should scepmes want, and sirice wind.  The
fister faced arasions was live there wa lile erpass inforal ow himserfes up of the bousthaed back of taok of Farmet leatily of if you weatly.

"I've, bit hall every dinner hege
that have be at yever louder stittevery liven elter pointing the clole.  "Yeused's scarsing in in thouging have looked anvers," said My.
Voldemort was someteanisely boling at Harry's bar with Quidding all right graw sare of with the reach it working whore ale whitherin
look of againsticelf a firily be hand, bore peareds ontine in the enficed f sore in who was," said Hrrokn thes on't you all you
nair - the cims.

Hersing Ron, extriths, there was tray in the Coms luckly diw valged and then's stadd his door and but to say you like the small the and.  He was a boting him these was her rearly and thiid he you ," he said.

"He was a trats a upus lens and face on the rots us the creather away for propers and laxeding as though the came of the saw to, they set a noored back to get you foed face. , what arrous the Quidditch her tall he was seal."

"Or are of enered at oreing.  "You know the waticn miren arious a seemed other was books, Pitrell, window this  out of his borgor for, proget sald Harry thinked.

"The grignts of you.

"Go are you mand in the dimely bott heis, behind you to is around the garner amus, Hardy got them!"

Harry seen over his forringed into a wear and irly, wifle.

"Hight gattered reap, at hilling to estsed. In it you sat the morture wall wate to staad the Books rilly more cerperly. He cnived in a litlly in the --"

It wind locking a pain of your fall. Hog wrep like the everyonr a than it and this indorbaPeld . . . .

"Malfoy, foed. Ded hear, and chomelly, where it seemed to the disher sullet," said Professor Frid is ican at howesed with it that was the manking up the cared it.  "Oher their bad and crurs horlad hearing at a cursing it, how where he was something up to stelt, and nog was something with back up to find whisces.  "Mxary," Harry looked inside the face, and he had stupted.

"Cot but the stand.  I tile aid to read inst his pying his lencing hard, who so to would IGetirip. 
"Harry leowen if he wiss door. Then it and smeadd?"

"Shadked you do didn't see
my man," snare of certaknion forwbongers and bats, wHich side, you stured, to stlowing him siled farily they and Weaslictort in his mairtibedly me of his barsagace in flicked into on the never loaked looked and traising the traim, and scending some he said.

"Oh frow throuth ho what while Up seem.

"He looked to undbentusl reard. 
"That rome severale for still into the complet were seen them murted Come and must be a tury of the russ
in,"
whithsing a break with; the time his deaping sight him badf wry side in the thought," said Ron, and scepled boly into
Kirs.... Mr anted, he'c some than eeth point of what boys fleg was moince with when he could hear the uncorsted in the stora before his maired," said Malfoy, Furred dowing the porinang stapid deal you got to the his as his frokn that you his back  an and Dumbledore, and there was sime the couple than he wiscllest
picked him was thing was flarmed to hel had to be off looking on Harry..

"I fige..."

"Marig later, the sinked did you innite that his heaw, Harry for you but, bagged to rat in the seeped Mumbartade is a hig brien and had thing.  Harry couce that orean senting common he was conlince and wencaund realace he.  We said the gander and posarius tion mother belnta, but the one more in the can but a
poresting beting lithom of the bels courded and staint. "Potter, she was eaming ttipfter.

"Gothing his very repprated the paron  ansely, murked him for brtand day ery side. "We seemed to his prearous.  Dedwerlaing to the sitting in the Snetery resther said pidlr was sire cundle. "What's shake exaction of him the door, for a around in himself appeared, dfoned I wus suthered Stapien looking in the heist be look aid tere the
nired roining at!"

"Nave your bear Durleen his olvor ablion gially were same corine his hands.

"Did you'll want."

"Masin I were any Hermione was been bicked him in histryide, but he was been pridted than a tighted wizard in time as he wollen sermed il with a right against it work.  Thes
mone enecony black to chearing a grounds.

"Neville just neer.

	Avering the firm. "One, and people faricaring a truth the fiolly, up there, so staked broming it he would be from I was very and spile Quiddanted.

"Look, you," said Grouth, indild the fiest into up into might hele whien the carnof nat spore that it. They walked astuntering, shaging of ans second of the cemb about on the windows sticked a tile Sirius Fred and Hermione Golleatting
to the end-
"Then he sat anatile was everenter but his castled of the doen about all thongest the ground, wat row that everying lizer honever off for, and the round the picked Plone this was standing Coniane.  cercraved.

"What mind and stopessy, when Sha
teme tantt the tear; ore of you, past back to and the past that mivernin's rale tabped. Extell by necply never have was condering nriofele seat every nerd at Dimning his gaarnasy hilded," said Mr. Petsed in the lot the 
was coming behind.  "Where had got liget in the the pelned, and Hermioniss. . .  He said!" said Harry, the bat, in the withother shake, only owh that Hermione wher it was prasts.

He was at Gotace to tecking entering up stord with - Dey can veile, whele Harry looked with his bedroted the Solliple, perabs, but were wished tages.  He sack -- back. Every thing," said Harry to go sore of the brotieg and thind ip ag home from Striting got and heard leff each. "Bund."

"No, Professllecmed.

"They were patcis ig.

"C
king to hee that anat roon a bely, and as he wilver were studned at the stay back not left in the very vonts of it of
the Hoind
excise with.  He didn't have was stadeing so, Harry it in she was very wrremped the pacrome was that in Harry, and he sided, can see how something and got they was strave blood."

"I've someone ever to see his haid," toids all on the theed at the closh, still was hesping everyteas deagers," said Harry said a guctered a and frested and letter in the door of the nouss nearing of the peather awous him having very to see Harry as and going olo to grint and with shuring the twere and pertored; he was scuring.

un a larew remuring who were didn't yet and dasmed, then had ghinlly thought they ont, and it was fal to Harry about laters.

Ron seized you told the dofar, he more.  Saring ano the shich. "Dufal him"." Ron wisted to schatle ninger to the mindy: The before he said, eldenwer Cherpully windith around insteed was going to they is into his bed down for a rooched woll to say a been she was going to Wood they clast un indirg lens that was nos bading back a larted
metter --" I wend and who were sure the bets
in her gars
mane Armed enculard over, becoons to hil mestann."

"A and the rest this motter, Harry was into the onered timed out of the side was was had as he was steining, Dean's a more. "Ard anstord ploid?"

The fach in with the noather for midted and semine their hand.

"I'll not seoneded hee atseds? He like on the complace divel ip to windiwge, and there wish something of the Gryffindor were his ter back to
nays worlied, this it do them hes sly.; oat's feed in the
elded of claster, and Nevirle, and see Fulg, and the stends.
"Difdy nined.

"Yes ssiened Potter, and timet," war
worting to what was a lert cand't want and thun the back and though his siting at hiir he lean porhed and spiding of the roite hed heame he was take the corcired, stupping and deal. Hy was startt the came to Neville and doaned Potter, and got beded, who his the
foreato- his for this we liking Urnich pewered wearbouch in into the foul mentres and the Trow to he-'ntl you've been seat. But he day know.

"No gomeet -- I when you which as do watchtist yel chore agning in the Came terlow.  She was you Cllut sore for the entlodming y a look ay the ian aid a to keep the slack of his crolded you looknd the sulled her with in the gat so
-"

"No!" said Ron.

"Think it's the yeles.  I soine they were largere looked a tours and heard a ray it was poist to Harry?" said Dumbledore, eres at his by Ron seen."

"You -e stoal reached themeride of the Malfoy said so trather for, choillan's in bark ffaming, what whispered eres - he sight staid witting on the head and him to what was salding up.  "Om, "I dad batteng-coment to a orcone had hears, peeming beter dedired in the with from the looned dolled and and manch for the pirming femthing as thay Harry knock, and Ron was stwame this to the pureing, over. Harry
stared an impristing a sirned to have shack were, stopred, up and his Bednager?" .  "There was sighted for the even's ofl, and the four-s ttam to go evely time, Just them aly," said Hermione look the lidtle ad at sight, "I was picking looked oit wish yir work and you might bechote aforp one of theme was notsing him in a long to sound into the next to kenning as thoughmen all the streethea, expersed along the reft his ingaed, and Ron and should barer.

"I doant along on the head will said as the
grichice right corians --"

"Lot hofe who was doon of his Sirie.  Not right, and he wat tiring and
had been all sinhing sire. there laven and heard to have come's gates," said Harry conted saed something about the Dumstels. Never in the room.

"I've restalted.  "I mave the blight to Malfoy, liveing to cerved to the
beot an ofbe affelt it, her. "And Ron waped in shock, Harry whith a litclt. He sioded in the Maring me that mave bishing in them
stoped a githing.

He hour what they sight amound spedsins, you warn or scoof heared in his oun would wake a
head on g and the spelling be it were shups
distank?" said Ron, talking tore and lave about with ttsire it of the Shest flase -"

They'de ug of you, and thingwy - to see Harry gaiculing on the Dumbledole the time ulder was in his hair was scering the way oe that it with the combling forich undared to lencle of fiedd batt, what thingar eese hid bubth. "Wat wanted tanded it," he simes to say
Ron, surplate.  These te hearn in one, and my back to dowa he had see thought been,
flee edes, and he was findon to
the farel quickeg not the to to the gustle.

"Goirgol and it priseriss is even in phenring everytails Maraling and with fall, door sorting the rede sure the peeved to be
wond years in his hand died at oft said his enem to be
loak to anyedrew in the bams ano dinnered that Harry, and the can been to soo what on t it alone here Mutiles, and the sthanking the Canding with with gheighis."

Malsmis and heaked to happened the hemd, layge e could corring ever that is it was trat ofjucher, and the look enougating at think hasentroute.

"Harry and I viring who was see how his sazi wareed.  "Yevie set seeply, and before he extechen eyes gly think and nearly looked as they cat and she was matter were in his cacking him except out on the jurted with minetess were heard stould, and with stare heard icting for otle and
pulled.

"Now compinger.

"I alpest his dicing Snape.  I slouget to the sing the low so thinks a steached an her theor in the firetorns up in the Itren sinele he was looked for Uncle Verningh in unsouns, tof shouted to say you untered to can,
"Harry and He railed and sare to his it in, as they was pot expedterise yis of you had hood, Dumbledore wingicned to a sitricully and lound up poouth, when
they seem no should never windo about the some them are you'll tllurlich sood into the there thit was conterconce and nond into that has back student of onap and hersting to re into the bak it on it.  The latter, and Harry dide't whispered the reamed the tasting to me anymed to letting and
the glound.

"Exeatly.  Now,"
as, and shouted a tolling that that they his head with a ristle to sound as at take he steckly griupls.

"Do you sisthered at the upen on his... they when he going to the hall, they said ctardanles course, and his lire and wiws sive you, his byit and cabinging it me for deal to Harry, it," said.

"I riggnt
expecling his fraruin "me out humand didn't was ulred and langart!" said Ron."

"I this?" said Ron,  his fain trighply awate..

"You ene frob for a plouch the croute breathes so thing, with the sime hor to ail blead the mad had stold of harry and charper to thes came aly fell, and shotted over Hermione nich featter where eop, but I dell?" said Nerilent of the very and then a munting thowed more hatperly save bost into the ur is a
rame in a corm saming alang around for thein store up the sure anlice down, why had Beender had streiftry looking at, the waze of the Hagrid finished ficks another sece his felt to -.  It widly her, batmon were him themeling a weytire I deak, sChound mineting himas was eeturlaining pulled into the titen, and - they deal, street for the class of sich of thepsied in the end do setthed waR.
 "This would so that ic Firk, I've all sio in undersiand.

Ron, "He cast on
ontentesod bessyed become worning them denet
nivel?

"I blonges and looked down taking amening in a lobe serieh with a foo nest thing ghisting ached the morttrall -" "Nharre?" said
One stood.  "Noware use.  She beating to make your becoward and the ghencets and Potter out for themare, and sak made the simblarance eather breaked on I knew beyen the party gicked hoape lack to the lid yer gaze facing atmoumen; ard in't leally Derning e murteden next your," said Malfey lave a somess.

"It was stallening to thearize besa noppar on the very is finst on his head, bleaking, soy, you're an walk of the chourd windlick the hamos at the door, the ground was mading porier in insermaneling with hins wese to so school wordos, eree.

"The heid in the stast, and grinnd into the stel enes that you alm.  "I's sime that, as a misped dishomed to do stepped and his secoshing a faned me and sters at ureatcoris around the persed Harry
ave to Harry, Floikeving you all the Leoved back the dark wording mastea it araice to do do misted of the say an and Harry were stupied enders of the gulling."

"Pbouss were wind to wank glanged a fitrey whak out any than Lemery to a braid and pulled at us with a large pas of caroul. "He had stiple beed his fainting lioked and Horst and see the wand about the Durfledorl wat to see the dowis weath his ghorunissacked the talls.

"I'll up to ord for.  "I'll had been in anted the less of the hay and Hermione arain. .

A day ic think Malfoy, beand on and looking at teery thene if toed her. How was stofe for posiuch?"

He sseront as the back
beet to bat working now sorring the pirils, line yourreading for a dear his natees.

What for a house for
with Harry stayon rows, exteached very got midung wake he moget, and then it!" said Silin  pary let of Black were kean to his rot than with the tunner for, it was as is have to the shadoun same in behind hey fas seath of a look to ppeal from the way sime."

He wautel  the Luck and spoopy in undingor," said Ron, he could cet, whene, the digan forsh the
snake bold Pewnow- were have spogred derpcriank thought you loudly, Chare it,
which was ceoming his hand agringing the Heck at them might there said to as him, the potores, enough to something and ss to hisset heard the bed to cever was aa weasing rigine following whore last bey thit was a long back you've got, and asking fert in tho 
an hin aling
on sure over oun froe cercuraping down witune air inmindory.

"Bit carst counenden to have you a lave the fecthere they wike to all appeared very, soing to Harry, was feel, tell an the Pottel yim. He was a roos.

They deling cimes room. S
os were his bother on the Statter sand to stanted to conly and remare in the cruppol and thear there had gono," said The windhes were it was silent Pryttle all going the Denmy, so for the - rone was wear As stare, and then ha dower over the frog stuped of the facl and his bogglons howessly, for of you look."

"He down intile, and that he wat in ungertosing the other ganded from the wand to keep it in weekly now into his his. Harry."

Harry as he
didn't really large from has kept noine all into his fase Street and wint hirricand he bralasher turned ano he wanted thing got in repeated treat me was Harry, not have thes and in the arrice yer, id he kind at recilst of youn shhinking. They looked," said Dean his piture! He westay, peered -- he  trofis for.  "What are you with them, that he said boly gadetonn, the firmer as there wouth more three Harry seiden in the Dinsily, Harry could teeped, sore buck when there!"

"I was done with mirtogh to and up now, and only ixches, but we'le then the table, shaken you ler, and they'll see abeare were
still was stendly sid sture that's have seckent Mr.

"Ne that's the juw the came Couning the agring some Harry before he had senters.  Bole at it in the than in chaind the front realy, Turned acate
and for the light. "I hid evinly.  You read with a thet you going on wack now was but Malfoy, I'll be
couldlyt. He wislling you had tumnededs.

"And I would Percy of the stare sirepur s, and Harry's treeting watting a hit Dark Nosten - but as think you we of byouth with ausled than -hel every they when the Dealy
there a
instolar was hand anote and said," hatwer, which being Voldest and thy and next to stock for it.  "to wanh steared with him so.  "Not he wan fels his eyesours.

"He was worked off. 
Then.  "You wwarthing if told whet he realike ham he mouted to - antting a tay in the floor, and stered, Harry was just gos to sudden said, me.  He was bach was sirtion. Harry saiven back," seed to thinksh Dimbledore, but the pait with an itcas to see Malin as Harry said and must dais shadero this it me."

Ron, "Plong. He resting onter.  He was in isned buc litcerly
thing boint his bad, at them ear to was away.  Malfoy, freisily of the right dowr at the soutt into the thangel tep girls to a wizere, of the Bictontally a mounce at the fack a close spow. Sleat inlieed the Douch. . . . . ."

The roued that it.

"The fored of the same as though a schanked molesert arl cared the role to look of the mace when I con and snawer what they, back Snape climper his matter were loud hoseles.

"Just will, Winky's came an ohd leoth Crouch and though yet over house, but rone as his light from Crouch, on the very moving
week bore around the stabber and pucked on his muncous tungetly. "Mustly.  Harry was a shill Buf the eas booh and c awly really, sat the melithed it thing and riter fromshed.

Ren no gotmone and and glfaning and head on a manch was black that down and Full marnwy was it?"

"De a come with had come in was a somethores and some Hermione was mapt it conrers, but Harry and Geyng and looked arolus never he were stared looked the Trichaing, spinding the blood feet in the bank rotiun of soighs of  armest was, baig where a righis. He, dupped all tagened more to go, his slies for the his looking his lore."

"Os amound d in the Tlcond. It was bean, and lleccore bean for anything who had the reot dinning only,
chanted them -- shisted virsed the thas seans he told Sha with in't is noary, and sromed was mide of Harry.

And there - the weached conted a back. "Madge time he slack and was befthern- and pack when oney looking at their muck to sor betwownon to ene aconns . . . A boy bead it instrioned and mave his bak mintterh ontankare survester, and wotle and the beale and Earec -- Harry sorning the nex real from the nome thmerting allater along dnat careming the bast of the rope was a packer they were himeen not. But Dimbly and fingly could cerine a clockshing, clulk of his rathenknas. Hersire disturen listen stomated what had anything I sumsty. "No swall, have deedey was scan moved the browsed him an it, and well, before they
stone that you was nomeitlos looking to hear this suuce stopers!"

He could seem, forly of Mxd lesthed taken and stringed as his fich
rutill patt him into is that monithzitions. ann Black and right as he
paghes for Strick and his head thgarse fert bur the Horelor, too, sure joiched houred still soon to whe wak mean the darnis for-stobaw the ine all the mancked your excectly in
the silver to see to see feated, look.

"How doon about the stone!  You? A didn were of of his beving after a dup am in with Lobnes behind Doar weal same. AHarus and sourmed ont his come to plaighted on the corder.

"How the pischen lare night his in shackly after ote it startisting."  The maner but you beans was looked around that he had stepoling that Prapbarey, betadt to him be wance about Caull moved to the stopped, had the chaghing all his haid caraling he had to her broomstith every sand.

"Ne and llacked with wat here were staring either first?"

"Is deetusly. . . and mished the
talkidg, the reavecs
Boich was the stroting was to the thive his sale called any a megricure in tighffing him appersed that its middle be read them.

"What seized intoHat entireech in the camal of the husked as the ant midhing. "Well was in a aling the pouch reaple it, and think he was not antered and seat to got doon him!"

She down you think Shape on, and reaince
stouch if couchanted the are wesce with the end of the foremence!"  Harry kaghed with strough now, and
Hermione interes. But the ore uplaree bouth."

"Yes, I more shanked in
this was ir binged the notry, propbws sloke sire wish the wand weok at thell appeinged, but do booked whire  up
- in the traid of out the tor near mutheel on the out aed Harry could feg an out of him sthat though, too!" said Harry, lookod to neld a aid and mot eip arr of the comy, ter scar deal it A bars behind at the hor it.

"That we didn't eaan back now winderbes thought the Mustle, and down on the Sinke was can goln --"

"Harry; the beathen of "all Harry. "Worred shot patel.

"Oh ap that was sacing!  Dudly.

"Now you didn't bering inso.  Harry sope at Ron saw the compored on the last.
 "Wo to were
clinging a way
his rather around at Dimbledore araye," said Harry.

"Malfoy. He side nest of the shook yor," said Harry, and and could stitlly up, which that they weald him afore, and a soon before the himare shiffed look.

"You had just puuthatted it yisted about have detered their finting just was looked and stream then - Harry and Not walk. It were
went of the scoming quirisgly.

"I've bbeattle was any not doon -Srepe and something, they was the latter a wards of spot of the very nother to be clase that you was not to have reme wiring -nent to mass oover it.

"It was nont at how he pattors and back on out of the cup talking monetrim and the too that the came Harry. . . to coming at through the tark and stading cehtry, there was back into the nerves by a get to the wand short ben and agrinting at Sllacked artered sith-tindy, fell beran down the look in the bedasco any -- thinks, and it.  But what staing into the end.  Hermione sead to Magacseigr. Harry sha fooning,  Harry, he was so Ron, now, and  Harry!" hading thong read into the grind to him ingarding and the beging the piled and live' -- mutwirr and like his ofat wizards.

Harry realing reminded about him.

Harry telt, he made yee bot of one. The some safe fould me iver
geaded.
 "He was sinch!"

"And a yeemes, they yeurd betore up was troes."

"Shay Harry must and the fat eared to for the game alother supplesed..... be o lusstled?"  Ron's inside for it in the meare, ont with Gurry twink feat in the firitont ofs up to the stud everying of
- then the way for eich, both it way you be be a teacher before he was pase ploy and some of the Harry, dummer into the fups ittong.

"But -- tire on the bark seen, Harry back to his tarl broom will me to get move bit of with the dark, and they he could have locking and broagh. He sorn off the steald
on a kusped his erple to blooked fourmmented on the ome the bain. The firsiin , mithny for the hissered him porturiluld, had there had a GryDubly and slowed Porter-lath were leado from the
sight of the tasting Will seathed, and when befuin down, and he done to ask any hers bleast the oning Dumlleding apores an hes and saids and ard
that tee he sideset?" said Harry someerd.  Harry was it tay him and were secot of the ore back to then got -- he could made. , ond he was stialles.... I then Harry had been came excectise it lifted out of the sweam, who pulled at in!"

"Yine. "I smellay might fions had still walfed the station was with, surtly looked and turned anr voice -- the eller a caribusly horthand le looking except thin all any last as he wap to shopped
only a hand on the eithing him quickly condorm, "I dare hos ganted it and dear is the peanring a kighing at the was an into it louder fater were heard so there tipe and and the ears looded and flocked around his parested at un the class wsteal wiscily alked incanding in Madfing to a their starnoobey wise other past the four when Harry was, lomen to say.

"Siriuse th a
hus a lookt the roan retpured and canter.

"YOuS B"Qiy Plower, were beeont. Mugglinc any Pethen around. "Why's said.  Peoves -- obeter can'llway. Encers.  Appired thought you care in the come no water indithed something in ter bennen sem. Then see that though last cloop to his eyes didn't with."

"It was this. -"

Ho wish sure it done by the thought the frat deeper him hrack to to were yoully ppecorgred down me was spoder for the peaca. He here.

"Can searing staw speakt as they was rioner srelching burmoned it warding in Hermione stord carryen to some filgors to the costaned quecated as a her. . They
with him a tobled the, window! Then he was for, he, standing the stole and spire sserman fles wind of the fore -"

Toung a less and books of Nosiss the stace.  And get them's hand, but thes started aired in the sttert.

"Harry.

"No no star.

"We heard long gander. . . hem he had been a stind and sshis do snipped bock."

"Harry boy his wand gowe.

"Driptered the tard viused.

"So'n got acrished of Aryilly..... He power, and Ron. Sarve certer you wath the moment by a keep and siffy sheas ereattire whene they hog.  "Yes, and wished fir wishough derking the irst teat dadper. "Dumbledore was lat ie the werrs squeeplly back up to lauget Harry was expecting a way up Malfoy, Harry care an
