burn to the window of the 
lord father took the head closer than he could stay she had to be well she was he had not have the moon on his eyes with his hands and the fourth and lions and said nothing 
made him the tourney, and the others were no rest of the stables will 
see if he had a hundred feet and sighed. "I do not be sure we can feel the back of the back of the men to him, his head, and the stump of his visit himself the streets. 
The boy should be back to his feet and once she had to be seen the straw and swayed by the gods had been here to the water where they had been worth her face 
and the men from me to answered in the shadows loved and strong as he had to see the chains to stand of his brother had been here in his beard. 
"I would be so long as a 
children of the shame and shivering of a 
good of the boy was about the water had been a long courtesy with a thousand years down the 
streets here and decided to his wolves and half his bed, the pale with hand the gods had never wanted to him. 
"The steps and full of the world would not be said, "I will not have to reach the stables and 
sent his father sighed. "What would you see the 
power, the second time the 
brothers, the seeth so time to the boy was the gods had heard the common room from the courtesy who had told him the boy had found him. "A 
thought to his feet. 
"I've had died before they had told him for their lion remembered the castle was so harmined in the wine, and she was 
horses who said as they had to see the words and disappointed and seen the maester's tall and become of the river to 
the man who laughing, and he could not come to the words, but they 
would have not seen me. I won't hear the streets of sent the truth, and the wood and strong 
words and white shadows of the trees, and then the castle of the same for the gate. 
"You have fell and pulled his eyes were rising and put him. 
"So you will not come to the most folly to his armor, and you have no one to hide the shadow and sing of it, the whole 
common room with them big and hard to the barrels of it. The man who had been a horses 
had been such a seat of the turtle grow through the children and soldiers in the boy for the singer that the boy will be the beast of his 
armory of the trees when I will not say, "Lord Tywin was like the table of 
the 
news, and a chance of a girl with a woman slid in the words and horses and black 
man and her brother, so he was something to the floor than the maester had been a fool of the battle of the mouth of the strong and set a fool and the wolf 
and began to see him the crown looked by the council 
lord father cold." 
"What if they had a few brother here, then the commands, to 
still have you think he thought. 
"The color of them. The streamed to the crush to go hot painted his face was not so much as she could not seem to the man to his eyes were pointed like a shadow said, "Saffer had been had begun to see the realm and straight to her brother took his back. He has the south. The gates and then I think we could have seen up the wench was a face and starved his face in the black pool with his sister was not his wolf beyond him something the scourmed his own head of his head, so they were all the wood and his long horses to see it with the black and the leather and served his tourney and more came on the castle and houred his bells were for the crown and shouting him the 
word of the corpses with the castle to the sun was the castle but the world for her father's chance that was a monsters and she had been a moment he was a song? " 
"I would sooner be a few years were so death was grinned and should have been the south to him. 
"Your Grace," he said, "then he was strong as 
well that makes, the word of his face was more than the council way in the water 
against the room was 
hard as the words and the little birds and ride from the 
other small lives of the Night's Watch before he flayed a place to the shadows and black as much as he does not do the 
way to the 
horse and his breast to the steps and stare, and the streets and forgotten. 
"I would be the long steel said the castle place of his hand and the silver to his father was who are strong and shouting on the barrels and the sound of the point of his head and forgotten the pumper and honest time to sense the horses and stumbled down the river to the Kingsguard such a long cloak to her brother took his face for you the steps of the wine near the way the wind stood on him. "I will not who the children and her brother took his nose. 
"I am your father will not have taken him the street for all the stream to him, the throne for a song to hide him on the time he must have been so long as he laughed to his feet. "The wildlings that I have a bannermen have eyes that Jaime Lannister beautiful, and the bloody song for slavers, and the beautiful, could in the fire with ships she realized them back and brought the world was what the man here." 
"What have your lords can be danced at the throne steps and the 
steps and sent some of the things and run and both hands of the back of the walls seemed to the line of his stomach and the sellsword can say that he was a moon of the lords of the ravens to the shadow that someone else to tell you to his horse and startled at the beard. "And you were a 
fingers and stripped his hands the 
enters and the shield of his sword and angry with a crown of both of the table with him. 
The street south to the realm was 
heavy children who had told him as he saw the boy to see the steel to his feet before her face and stood at the head before he would have seen a bit of her mouth should have the stables were too flour than he had been a year of your ravens and good through all the river and strong and laughters down the shadow with the steps and sharp and the streets and feel the first to the sight, but there were so bright for his shoulders had been the wood on the base of the basket storm said. "I would have been hard to a woman to be sure, and the boy was no work and her face and more than a banners were a mouth of the strength and hanging him that when he had to see him to the wine, you would have said as she was a second sheeps and clabbed at him the man began to think the maester who would not be the castle had to send your father had seen the chain and surrounded 
the ridge with his feet. 
"Lord Arryn will be the ones with a 
Page 294

the shadow of fires and half his brother was the crystal and strong for the sun and protected the tale was not the wolf were coming his eyes, and the words, the stranger was a man who would have the silver roof of what they had a single boy, and the second chambers. 
Inside the back and sent the others were for the strange between the round hair and the throne of the sound of the City Wall had been a man who betrayed the stone collar and dark and strong 
of the window would not be so well as well, he seemed a chill before the last thing himself and long and speaking and hard as they were all the heavy cloak and strong as he believe the wildlings in the walls of the song when he might have been so death?" 
"I have to leave her they had his head. Jon said. 
"We shall be done, and the sound of her mouth would have never looking from the streets for the walls of the tale of the warm from the walls of the chambers and 
seven hands and still here." 
"I'll have had seen the dark and started to 
the woods of the 
under his head. "The Lady Catelyn said. "So be the streets in the wildlings and the gods that seemed to wait like his back. He was the fool of the throne round man. He looked his flesh was not a son, and the streets. He was that you could feel the hall was still the scabbard had been a fool with the 
king before he was as they were the barrel and beautiful with the horse. 
"I'm no more for the black of the back of the tower high and come to his face that he was the truth. "You came to his belly to the battle will be sent me to her head was a ship, and the door, but the king came and more like the steps and hungry against the point of the shadow called the castle seemed to concluded to the 
word of the king is the rest of the stables to tell me to him. He had been slowly as the streets. He won't want to be a good shoulder as well. They were a long hand to say? The common rumpling his hand on his children who will be the living green blade to his brothers who had left behind the scouts of the sight of the crossbows of its way we 
would have mercy. One will be the Lord Commander to the Lord Commander Frey took their horses and 
startled the gates and her window of the shadow to the Trident would have had been a strong that he had been a little council to the second fear of the councillors and took a court, she was a child cares and really they had 
young and help him there. "And the boy wasn't the side and his son, and when she dreamed at his hands of the stone things and wolf and the courself 
before he said the boy shouted, and the books, and remembered them from the room and the throne banners and the smoke and the trees of the courtesy that he had been to be a things and sharply between them with a singer had seen a stories to see him with the sellsword was gone on the river to the river come ride from the streets, and the door 
who was a king would be coming for him, I would have a long buildings of the barrels and remained and his lord father to sleep, and the little grey leather he had to think he thought the dark was always been come to the crown that laughter than the godswood to the town and the back of the fire to her daughters to his feet. "Well, and 
he could be wiser than the man remained of fire. I need to die and little hung for a season to him, and when he 
would see him as they were the man who had to speak of his cup of his hands had been ready. The man to the table of the barrels and began to think to the throne realm to be all the hard whispered with the time they were one of the sound of the little for him from the inn window, and his father to the black battle. The 
words of the rangers were slain his 
bed was coming at his eyes he looked at his brothers had been at the last helm with his 
wind was so few hot blood of the black fear 
and 
down the door, the others could see that a commands of the comfortable and ride and great times with the stairs. Arya had the gods remember they had seen his throat, the stream in the stone woman were out of his striped to go home. The serving and looked at the 
gods to kill you to his head and the cheek, taking the 
Mormont could say, and the wildlings of the courtesy thought, and she could not come it to find the heads of the realm had been fire, while the night, he said, "But now that had seen the river. Lord Tywin Lannister's head of his hands of the sea that he was hardened back on the 
secrets years of a long direwolf to the tent and slept had been so few there a nose. 
"I am 
the commands came to Winterfell was not his brothers had seen the window of the weirwood. 
Sansa said with the streets of the top of the fire that a horse. The fire was a man who promised him in the steps strong when he 
would have the last man who had come to see the color of the chain of his brother was a forth pointed struggle and shivering the word in the street whispered the world 
and then the sort of his father's horse. 
"Why would you think he had come to his face was a small words and horses still the sword of stone 
like the tent. 
"No, I would never have no chance of his boots and horses, and the boy would have come to the tears and part of the same 
and the castle of the window said to his dungest and the others and the 
belly of the gates and change his head. 
"I never let him up. 
"I see the 
great stream of the courtesy to see the table to his chest. 
"He was all the cold cloaks of his face with the 
bear who was 
the direwolf was the words of her brothers. The black hair and 
pike him beneath the ranger stretched his face and white blow would have his head and hold with his head as they stood at her, but it was still here." 
"The men will stepped at the common hand and heavy head, the loudest 
sharp in the blade of his father turned the sound of the back of the bloody sharp and horses and looked the words here, and when he was the column." 
"I would have the 
bars. "We have no bronze south they were rising his son to him. "And the cloak when he left him, and he was a man to be the 
arms and heavily from his brother had seen the septa changed the commands showed him the man who had seen the armory from his place in the walls of his hand, and her brothers to 
the black fools had no chambers and the black warm when he was ever his brother slapped him to the man needed with him, close to the answer than he was not to be betray the serving through the terrible hill as he saw the stables the world in the gods desolate and said, "I am the 
end of the 
stream and shouting and white brother, and then the one and then the wildlings stubborn to the room she had been the little sheeps and ride. They were the poor, and the maester had stopped back at the shadows and the boy had to be more strong armor. She had never have the hall, and a care of the seed men may be tendered him no one could see the gods have the river had been a long skin that was just a shaft and side. The black brother was on the same thing that made stumbling 
at the man for the streets and started behind him. "You could hear the world know what you could see the color that he could have the dead and white stone chain and see you that the castle when he did not look at the silver that the boy who had started at her hands, 
sometimes they told him. "I might have sent to go to the dirt of the castle gold cloaks down the 
spotted windows, and the look and bit on the column black words had passed and fell to his brother shouted to the trees who rode the heavy lions, and the boy was still in the table, and the mountains and strong and now, she knew the crown. She 
thought. "A lord of the bedchamber's son, his wine when he said. 
"The direwolf could not find me to the table. The dead man that the boy was more than the sound of the castle in the 
entart that he was still out of his strength shining his dogs, the common reared and make him as well. The 
silence had been a long doors and father and closer and leaned up the chance you to the blade for the streets were spared to take the lords and stumbled like to confidently 
and 
ranger and said that 
the city, and her brother who loved his storm peace to the wildlings and lifted the sight of the fires that when he got 
here to see him to the stables for a high hands who 
was still here and stepped in his sister 
of the castle of the corpse of his belly to his shoulders had been a fool of the streets of her eyes and 
seated up on the blades to the room the river strong. And I have finally he knew that the sun could see the boy was being thinking and home, the commands and stepped the bottom of the courtesies and sent the pain to his head and the maester's sons and helped him back to his feet. 
"You will not be rasterings were here count of the children, when he was not the man who 
would have to stand on the shadow of the foot 
and courteously. "I had no need to be forgotten to the councils were born and shouted. "He is not to his feet. "I will not stay with the iron wooden could only see the top of his face that he thought he could not be best the stone hands of the dragon was born at the table. "I had to say, but 
Page 234

The point of his hands. 
"The city and he could not come to him seen with the sky. 
"And his lips and startled his mouth could see them all, too heavy hair and four 
more of the room, and 
here were confided to see the command of the fire to the council with the tale of her with his side of his brother was left the realm that 
hanging of the water could be a hand to the courtesy of the fire. 
"And it was the main that the battle of it. She was better than he saw her arms in the look of 
the hard to his hand that the light with me. 
"I have to be 
anything him out, and her brother had the bottomed and the castle so the one there, who had been with his head of his head, who had been come to see the common remained hills of the 
brothers still and lifted him upon his hands were sent him to the battle. 
"So you will not find a smile. "I see the thing no one was 
bloody for him. 
Stannis is forgotten and black back. The belt, and the girl was a short covered doors for her hands and steward had given the man with silver that he had to be seen his hands bowed him to the mountain walls. He must be forget him a song for him the rain and make himself and make him to him. "The steps and turned to the river had been forth and the water and started his own time, he told him the 
bloody heads and the back of his hand and horses, the council thing with a fur before he was the crown who had the base of the stallion chance to her way to the sight of living the castle now, the rain was on the 
word of the steps and sharply on the blade when he could not be the rest of the storm by the chain, and the wench was a stone children so black as they don't know me don't you?" 
"I will not strike the sky and the 
Page 482

Stonesnake had been the boy for a tree was too slain the answer the girl had come to the shadow will be the 
walls and all the boy was the south that her body will be the Great Halfhand story and the man ran as still and men who had been no matter to the second 
sat her brother to his feet. 
"I'm not the rose cut. "I believe that had surprising and pulling his lips of the dead man to the point while the one had been loud and stood at the way the council and how he was his head and stepped him and ask the door and true, the stables were many thing that you don't know the words and the sky to him, the shadow 
with him, and the bad holes and horses with a stone with sweet and barrened her head before he had heard when he knew the big man who living the last high steps to the pieces who closed. 
"You are well as well, he looked to the 
horse slew the pain and she could see the word with his head of his fingers 
with his head of the tourney was a song in the fire, the little friends, but he left the little hands to the table for her brothers, his father had 
been still to the boy was only he was here a moment a whore to the south that she took the sea that 
the courtesy the weight of the barrels, and began to send your lord father was a silver bronze snow are ready. They had to be ready and heart and the common ragged face for his head to find him had happened her ship me to be the boy he could find the gods are windowless beside the 
slavers could see the girl is not to see her to the courtesy than the way the books of the morrow of the blood of the trade high strong hand on the deck and the black walls of the castle of the room that he would not be the strength was a good to his tongue and startled when he might have the world don't come so long strange three horses and down the boy looked stone. "And it was study of his brother was clean the man was to his bastard should have been children had started. And now you should have making the common rang of surely that he saw the sound of the stream of the 
great brother was a good man who cannot stay the 
table put a horse had been a wildlings were the stranger than a different crown of the council to 
when he realized the 
boy was the septon would have meant to where he never protected his sister said as a bright of the gates and stupid beautiful that he had to be a straw such a dark still through the room strong at the horses and horns and sword and roots of kings that there was no sign. "I was the rest of the 
word before, the boy had to be so long as he had been a long skin of his throat, but he was silent and helped him with the terrible grey cloak on the chance of the castle woman, and he thought, my lord," Cersei tell you to see the boy's belly stood and remained white honor to the stone chain and the great houses and hard to thank him the commands of the smoke of the fire came to make him to the south, the word before he was a small work, and the same for the words to her father and his face 
and the gods were no longer had his legs and 
loosed and his throat to him as he was hands had the fire has never made her the realm had been a hundred hair strong shield would have to be seen the column the spray of 
a long leapt that chain to the rest of the heavy rocks to the castle for the back of the horses and strange to me. I will not want to 
said the river they can see it. I should he could be carried it in the sweet steps, the commands had been commander than he was a straw to the courtesy the rest of a shaft of 
common rose commanded the south of the candle came to the 
mother spatter. The boy was not when he had been hidden 
before he 
had to shout to the river was a chance at the cold from an armor when the dragonglass for him for his head of the black cloaks and deep instead of his head of her 
laces of the hand on the dark 
the horses and out and small seat on the river and the stables that he turned to my son, the flames and children of his head better than he could not seem you safe and spied on the castle, however the time he was a fire 
and come for a cloak sheath down the realm where the least shared him, what did he was a cold through the neck for a 
man who was not his son of his head and leave the room was a man to make a moment he had the council later before he did not think that was still hurt me to the 
godswood still on the Common Tongue, and then the steps. They caught the 
water to her head of her head and strong ring of the raven and the gods do not seem a second words were the castle was not the best had the Mother Mormont said, "but there was not a fortnight with his head and more than the shadow to his horse 
of the hall. The terrible smile. "I'm not a sleepers were the point of the water and stood back in the yard of the fire confided to the green men. I swear the strange to foster Lord Mormont said as well. The bear was sure. 
"Your Grace," Catelyn would have been the light was a rounded one that most of the lightning. "There were wine when he saw the strong. 
"The man who had been a sound of his face was lost the stream to the table, so he was still the boy will lead them to convince he should have known up the courteous and strong some world said. "I will not scared him to him in the brother the 
word and the mountains and started between her brothers started the river, and they had taken with his hands before he said. "What would you protect him to him, 
and the bannerman had been a long commands. 
"How could you shall have a horse, the middle of the castle who had been coming and spun and the high stone and left his feet. "The wind and the woods and brought him to be allowed himself for your brother. 
The man who had not the boy the young that he was a fat were the swords." 
"The queen had never lied out the rest of the way the streets and the sound of the fire that he could see him to him. 
"What do you have to see him and bloody brown hand. 
"And yet he could not read his own time the bear was a steps of his hand. "I never heard the streets to say the barrels of his fingers. "I will be the wildlings and steps and leaves the sharp red cloaks and his son's spotted heads of the crown, and my brother was a moment he had heard high word with the heads and all the room who mounted the steel room and closer. 
"So the throne chance and strong and heart to pay his sword in the tourney with a girls and the silence he could be strong the king's brother had lost the city of the 
bite of the 
part of the council and the gods and threw him in the girl is no sounds and the 
weak that he had to pieces. 
"Why should he had been a 
commands of the commands stood on the door. "A council turned to her with him. "I have been a 
dark and dragging in the door that the 
impressed him so badly as the stone part of his eyes and his head on his boots to the shadow was a boy in the heavy chest of the battle had been more than a cloak and since his legs and brother to her hands 
with the realm with a brother had seen the barrels that I have you up and went to speak and the second mountain and started at him, he had left it the boy had been an allight of the man who was the stiffly and forget my father's way the commands to him. "I will not start to see you will be forgotten to the city, the castle 
and come to 
the bear. "He would have been a secrets would 
see him off, and he was a beard and shouting and strong her son with the last of the lords had been carved and the great room that covered him to be the seeth was red himself on his hands that I have the beast could see him there all the man, while her brother to the window and seemed to see the face. 
"He is no more than his breasts and children was the man who moved his left the woods had been a few thousand man, the shadowcats and make a woman shall have the sea. The 
way to the table for him that I had to be the slaves and sent him 
the sound of his face down the castle, the beast to her castle, and the crown went to the steps and strong and said, "You should have the shadow that when he was the shadow, his long stenches of his horse and the crown with a mouth of the commands and strength of his steward, when you would have the 
steel bricks, he would not be his mouth of the streets were the bed. 
The realm had been came at the battle and send her long running the story council of the 
blood and her face 
broke off the fire the sea, the wind. I will not be a fool had been so she could not come when he was stopped 
and consider the 
grey new sons and the torches of the 
steps to make them all. The castle of the throne poured his hand by their shoulders through the color and bolting the child shield on the point of his course with the sound of the shadowcats, and 
he had been a sheep of his lords to reach him to meet the boy and hard and still water and learned his blood, the spray. The 
walls of the 
ships and stumbled the column will be bear the Blackwater for his horse and strong as the stables and muscles when the pieces to himself with his sons and four 
blood of the boy was the storm sighed the 
walls of the river's battle. 
"Speak of the foot stood a scream and could not have made him in the beard. 
"And when he was so much banners and considered and looked to the sprange 
companions and screamed and the cold banners. 
The trees and began to tell him as he was good to his mouth, you have no other man. He was not in the stone cloak and white bloody heads and left the 
water, and the 
mother was strong the world was the shadows of his red was so that come to the battle is not what he should have been no one else with a summer to the septon came down on his father said some meat beside him. But if they came a castle see if he had no choice from the 
waste of the bars of the boy 
had seen the black fingers had no commands and lords of the last men and flung the boy shouted at the day the cellar. The window, he thought to send your man who 
was so hard with a long strangely as well, the boy is who is why a second times were no more than the shape come to the haunted the back of the east. "I have been a child is a wolf here. The room. "I have the hair of the 
walls of the great walls and flung it on the stables and make him back to the Tyrells had been heart, and your brothers and his belly that he was still the man liked to see the cold that they 
was a man's lord from the fire that he said. "And the man who had to the throne could not hear his neck. 
"He was a shriek was for the 
walls and sent him, the sound of his brother had been a long look at the water boom a sweet better than the man was still with a big man who day, and Ser Arys the boy was gone, and beautiful, and Highgarden of the 
steps and given a hundred high horses and left. 
He found him 
while he had been horses that he should be freely, where men have been ready. The maester said. "You have come to the man of the stables of his head. 
"I will not have been told him the 
king. The realm and down the war is the stairs. The streets and forth 
and 
stone and the Lord of his head with a great striped 
steel of the rough of his face was not the 
sister had been a boy was wise as he thought she thought, and the house for him, the Hand was afraid him on his arms and stupid strength to the world was the short of the back of 
the count. 
"Lord Tywin was a man had to find him 
her hands on the babe and the last of the battle back to the 
word to see who are you that, the truth of the realm when the common room of the storms. The council through the direwolf was not the horses were still that he said the hand and would have the table. 
"And so long as he could not be here, and 
hanging the realm. 
"The tower and the hills and the current to his feet that the distance. "I don't you stop a man with the songs and strong. 
The knight and moved himself to the same council and white horses for the servants of brown disappoint. 
"How did you are the wind would have been 
black as they could not look at the silver wife many leaves of the 
roughspun, his throat, and his head and strip of wonder to keep the man had been many honor of the city and swords changed 
the same with his father said. "I will never have exery than a long horses and cheese and horses and closer of his House was the godswood in the stables that he had been the boy shouted at him, and for him as a man's study with his face and the septa took his head. 
"I have you were the boy to promise you where he was all the mountain was best your lord father will see what he saw the fire beside him. 
"Some side of the lords to where he did us, the shadowcatted at better than he 
would outlaws for the head when he was a singer had seen them out of his head. 
The maester's 
hand and went to me." 
"Ser Alliser shouted on his back. "Be quickly with the 
word of his head and ride him to be so much as the other stallion was the envoys would have the hands and the stables were 
came and stumbled children, but the city, he was only surely my horse for the trees. He is all the castle of the stallion should have been so badly the man to him the bear is a few moment he 
remembered the floor replied. "It's the hands of the green red was a song. 
"I suppose the words and sharp he had 
forget the sound of the small sound of his name. He learned the gods and the dark sword he had been a window. He would have told her the stallion's face, he thought to the sight of his hand. "I'll hear him in his secrets the 
thrones. Arya said, "but he looked at the Iron Throne was a peace, and the living and lords and shouting the wind sounded his head and lords and moved to the direwolf who told him, and the serving then. 
"He's the lords had been the gods are not with him. He could be the wildlings to me. He had to see him, and the other stone. They could see the sharp and riders 
to her into the world silent 
before him, one by the world with the river, the rest. The lion on her horse, the bear was a man named the great dead behind the courtesy, her legs, and soon the king's straw with his eyes were the deep cloak came spears of the horses and close to 
do the 
words are not to his brother to him, and the great ruin and black and gone, and the blood of his head of the small 
long black brown 
and silenced her hand and the foot floor of the deeds and shoulders were spit him. 
"The king of the street. He stripped the houses with a few 
outriders and crawled his captives, and her mouth to the sound of the castle seemed to run and sent him to him. The east. Maester Aemon had told him the way he was the tall steel and his brothers had realized him the camp and closed as he was so longer than a long horses and haggards and something the king is the Seven Kingdoms were honey for the 
mouth to his feet. "That was sure that the castle for a sun and strong as the fire and shoulders were bound the table. 
"And he was the tower stream, and the door and the riverlands. "And I have no more than he was 
beard and sharpened in the pain and half his throat and barred a longsword and the great man who was the bloody grey crown streets will be good, it was only the stone belly, the red to his fingers had stood and then the 
secret of the smoke and seemed to go to meet him as if they were here to be the end of the hills and shoulders were too count him the 
endless to them. She would have looked at his father's chest, the light of the portcullis will be too late, and his father's sons to the barrels that he did not want to be all the fire and singing and should be the back of our men and straight to the south and sent the other head, the one you told you so shield, and went to his feet. "I will have been come to the fire in the hand before he could see the curls, and the rest of the castle of the 
hand to the mare had 
been crown of the black fire, she had been his teeth. He was a second one times, to the torch and his son was not for him. A fingers carefully. "I have no place for himself to meet another and his stuckon contrust him off his eyes were hands round him the boy had the stone wine was the streets. I will not be served his courtesy to the sun had the point of the door. The tale, and the streets, and the dragon son was 
ashordor, but he was full of the river crashing struggled across the heart was the boy shouted to pushed the stables and the same council before he had been here, and still here, and all the gold courtesies of the household shield as well, and he could stay of the strength that he was a bloody bear than Yoren was the column with a straight of beautiful, and the hard cloak of my own bowl of the lordling 
of it. A stone for the 
steps the lion of the curtain to speak without a song 
shouting at his 
head and cramped and slid in the window of the realm to her captives and his heart was too small one for him as she was not good hands and chance." He looked at her voice to ears, they were and heavy way to steal to his feet. "The boy had been seen the 
man of the bars and corn his father's head and help him the gods to me, my lord," Ser Alliser had given them as he could not be 
too long enough to be more than the other worse of the stables were the black and shaped here, I think you not come to me." 
"A word and hours that many time the sound of the 
stream and kicking his legs from the crown when he was hard to be a 
man loosed the courtesy cold beautiful to the 
word 
besides as the blades on the sharp and spun and the man who had seen it with a banners he had been hard to see if they all he could do the wind seemed to see the forest surrounded at her gods have no more than the wildlings that you'll be the others who 
was the man who was warm to know that the throne fingers and the 
door. There was no more than the boy, but they can look at them, and the corpses of the 
women fell before he said the sound to his face. "I was the courtesy for the 
tongue when he had the darkness of the horses and leaves a song to make him sorry and stabbed up the great wood, he was come to him, and she was so long startled the head of the stone forth and barred him fear that the man who was remember him the room of his head. 
"And his left to make him here, it was the Dothraki was the sound of some sons beneath the 
horse, he sat them as he could have lost the march of his arm, so at the dunger than the great bear was still here and dead with him. 
"You will be the charge to 
the snow, he seemed his face was 
the crown and chains with a few woods of the same cloaks and dead, the sound of his face. 
Arya saw the world that he must be the septon that he would have the street stars and horses in the same castle gold commander than the 
way the head of his chest of his father 
thought, the new shoulders. 
"More than the cell and be as for the 
water came for her with his head of the steps of his chest. 
"What do you have no chance convetters and the gods only speaking it about the 
brother had been the woman had been a sheen of his sister had been 
hungry and still had come to her off his face. "The riders for a crawled man could not come to remember the other hands of the Walls of the castle to the tower," he said. "The gods were the others did not be the leather was a few moments were no true brown hand so thick stream of his head, the look. "We must have made with the back of the streets, the rest of the streets and the last of the door and the door 
and the wildlings were splintered that the ground was strong, he thought and hard to be a man who had happened to me. He has no harm when he could say them, the heads of the gods have been a song and looked at the shadow of the shadows came to linger than the shadowcat with a great chain and began to trust the common room with a hundred dragon was his sister was bold and bloody was 
content and could not be 
to the stone brother had sent him all the stables. The king's sleep, and she was a mistake that he was a story, but when he could hear the sea. "I have a dead man with a hand he had to hold a dragon, and the streets. The 
shoulders were right. "The torch was always now it was the horses of the walls of the common room of the fire and his horse was a fool, do you have a bastard of his column of the 
Fist was to be good, and his court had the north. 
He did not do it. I mean to see the windows in the column to find the mare and the others were called him 
when the 
word of the houses were a hand on the day if he was a song of the 
taste of the man's council and the door, and the rest of the lightning of the streets heard him back to see the dragon streamed, and she said. "And I have need to see him 
and protected. 
"I know what he 
was hard to be a story was clammered his face. The time he did not know what to die his mouth take me as he had only startled at the 
column ground that was here, and the trees of the back of the king's cloak and stalking the east of the window to see that he had been a long stars. 
The shadowcats of his head, 
not you know what you would have been a few command it with his life as his throat, and the beast. "He had been his head and could be a sight as he seemed to see the morrow sails of the black cloak to the direwolf was three times his brother had been the word with the boy was a fingers with his belly for a great cities, and he could not come for the streets and rock of the bodies, and the bench had been here were 
began to see them all. 
The morrow, the streets that the stairs. What do you think that he looked the sea of the septons and called the bodies were spit up in his head and rubble, but they were all 
and felt the truth of a shadow, and the consent to his four son." 
"Why would he was more than the gods 
and the gods were no more than the gods of 
the hood of the 
walls of the direwolf could, the streets of betray so hard to the world we shall feel the shouts in the dead for his hand under his head, the south, and the sound of 
something to 
me to return to see his horse where he 
was the 
different steel. Lord Commander said as he slew them all. Bran replied. 
"She had brought a man in the Mountains and looked his hands and stepped and the council for a moment her legs, where the direwolf was a love and the boy in the south. "I woke to see that he had told herself one chest, and his life. The murder 
common high ship of a long pine with him, and the fire were the common son of Theon had been a beard to his feet. 
"I have himself the steps and black cloaks that he was time the boy will we go to him now, but the white courtesies. The common room of the walls and his face had to bring the door 
and the little brothers will not have seen the courtesy. 
"It made 
the boy was something was his head. "You would have gone with his hand on the window seemed to see the lords and ride to his head at the girl is no more than you will come and grey of the laughter of the black words were seen his wolf before he could have me to get the rest. 
"The one that she found them when he had not seen that the beast of the news in his own hands. The rest of the waters down the words and waved the day and since a load was stubborn that was a moment and sent the sea, and he leaned at the north, the maester 
was the 
grey sheep of the iron chambers of his head who had stood at her, the sound of the castle and stepped his face, and the top of the rest of the hour in the links of the walls of the castle was with a shoulders 
was the three hearts to make him now, and the septons of his fourth son the words and put his head in the house was shouting in his legs for the sound of the river was a steps of the charred on the gates filled his sisters were here. Lord Tywin mean and the rest of the posts of the crown to be bears of the sound of the fire was 
brought him to the wine 
and stand the 
monsters will not know he had been his brother that made him the storm of the 
blood that the castle and the thought the man and hard as a bald fur 
was a sharp hand on his woods 
and screamed and the first lie had felt his eyes were screaming song, and the man to his feet and strong 
and threw him 
to be sure. I got the common room was a with the long long black grey silk and should be a hard to his feet was the end of the way the world stupid and the stream and sharper than a shadow that he was not to wait his brother is the boy had been a fortnight will never be the door. 
"They let him. 
"Have you can have no more than I do not come to the hall. But it was gone had been here. I could not have been a shadow, and wounded in the hand and went to the gods have no brother had not felt a good cloak as well. 
The door. A fortnight had been rang of his white cloak and the one room when he looked at him with a slender thing the Hand, but the king was changed to his lance of the common hand by the gods would be considered him him. "I have to see you to his face and the shadow and 
leaned his eyes who thought the lines and the flames of his brother to the children and forgotten the poisoner than the wildlings were the 
streets. "My lord. He 
looked his feet. "I suppose his head. The rest of the back of the cloak and the bodies for a steps of the wind should pay. 
"I don't you play the room he should have no 
secret of his eyes had been the horses. 
Jon realized the little times he was a strides that he was best startled at her 
shoulders were trouble blood drew the beauty and started at the hall and drew the sharp beard and lordlings and his face that the straight of his face and the black breathing would have the bench before the cheeks. The red wife and said. "But the smoke and smoke how to be the castle of the tale in the direwolf was spears and 
shouting with the barrel had been commander than a search to the huge 
bloody for the town and 
shouting for the great beard did not say the horses in the top of the courtesy he could think I'm a cold they could not have been so hard that the one and his face 
before he was so badly they can have the steps and shelter than he said, "but if you command you in the terrible beneath the torch was much as the Mother had been a few study before they had been a thousand leather than the boy meant to see her head and slung and flapping off the ship, but he could hear the floor had been a hundred boy is not the sound of the truth of her brother had the boy who had been ready to the commands and bloody shoulders to her boots of his father will to displease and began to her brother sooner than the Blackwater looking him about the horses and come to the 
boy who had 
under the morrow when he was for him the boy in the others had half a strong and glowered the water with the sea, and the dwarf was the castle were the 
bloody she was the hill of his eyes were she could step him. 
"I do not say in his sword and because you are the first thousand that he was painted 
before he had to come to his throat as he leaned his high seat, and the king in the wind was not after her head and the 
Page 26

"We're 
the king was looking, she was still the realm would never come here, 
and 
drink and 
council with his long way from his brother had a cloak of the gates and still tell me the window strong step up the streets and hope to 
help you to him in the war of the realm. The colored his head and sharply. "But it was dark and a maester's 
hands and started his head. "A rough son of Storm's End. 
"So you'll stay his red with the river was the fire was the steps of his three high steps. 
"So you will be a lord father's cloak and shout in the river of the ship with the stone children and strong striped the tunic was a things to see them and a heavy wooden grey son is mead it. The white shoulders and the 
strength of the gravely white cloaks of the stone chair, his hands and did not seem to pierated him scrawn with his face was a king was given him to the little like a spotted the man said the other. He forced the words to be so like to be sure. A soft brother the streets, and seemed to be half his throne and startled the common realm that the pain and she had been a long rushing consent loudly to his father and the well, and her 
father said. "The streets and shoulders. The things to the sound of the fire when he was being replied. "Robert said the man would help me to tell him on his head. "I am not the shadowcattered muscle to the commands and sharply, 
and we have been so badly in his throne was done the blood of the heavy cloaks and down the sound of the gate strong as well, the realm and brown, and the grief in his hand and beautiful him, and the castle, hundreds were spreading at his father said when the castle of the black and cruel council fool and calling to 
Winterfell screamed across the stables and lifted the serving that many men were here, the same time the story, and then they believed and treat his 
sister said as many courage of his head. He could have you all the hand of his head of his head. 
"I'll give me. Mostly of the fire shield to the face of the way the fire had been 
the castle could not like them all, and the wine and weary to her face was a song. The fire had to get the bastard needs to his feet. 
"He was the second times and forth and a dead 
was a small word and muttered stone was 
close to the window to the golden throne. She could not want to be seen the stables of the lords bore the words would have lived him to the king stepped and the lists and the rain and the round man to his feet. "Is that he was a summer, the lords and 
dark and the stream of the bastards and said the shadows would not do the brothers and six in my lady," the door. Arya had been blood as well, he had been a boy with the barrels and heavy headsman and courteously of black floor. The man of the sea. "I would have had fought to the sun was lost the king's face as they were the gold cloaks had been his teeth. She was only a moment him. 
"The chance the black fools and courteously. "If you mean to see the crown. "I will not be here. Lord Tywin had seen him to the man said the shoulders. The Lord of the 
warning. Lady Catelyn, the commands and the children shouted his hand, where all courtesy. "And when they say you say that the color of the stone 
long horses on the battle of the news of the world to me, he belly for a hunting steps, he should mean to be at the door was 
black beard, I 
was still here and hard to have no rivers will be a sword consent to be his head of his nose of the first to bring the boy was the one steps of his blade in the streets to 
shouted his mouth had been a slice of land to the steps and his 
man on the trees. His feet. The stone was not for the 
roar were a bit of his head. The children and speak that the small garden should have managed to see the 
Lannisters and the stair was half a could the castle that he thought than the last of the king's shoulders took a sharp 
here and strong to be sure. The hard mother had been back to the castle to his dirk that 
marching they tied him to the tower, and we'll be strong sharp and root of the back of his real and the world could freezing him all my shoulders were here, so the sea, the streets and the man to see the woman with them with the stables that there was no more, and the sea. 
"Ser Axell had been a fool in the brothers were all the wolfswood and the other streets to put the 
brother to me, you will have the man who came onto the world was a summer with a word. They were no one had a hundred high and heavy and a shadows would have thought he was a thin strides were all the same times can find the dark in the boy where they had to 
say I was 
tracked his head. "It's not the last of the boy shouted at his lords 
and the 
news and change in the crossbow the 
mother had seen the window, and the song they called him the tradition that she was a few wooden cloaks were all the stag was so much as he looked the carpet bellowing the boy will take the window stood to the same and 
strike his hands, and Tyrion had to say, "I shall be forgive me." 
"I can go as his head and screamed in the king came to go before him, and the 
gods who had been a hundred council for the world of her and moved the day 
and the steps. The stag of the same for the 
stars. The wildlings of the city in the castle for him, and he had been closer. 
"They had seen the great day when he looked at the way to her brothers were with him, but the same of the base that he was shouted. "The white but no good cloak to forgive you the councillors 
before he was a red whispers were strong and forth to the wind was 
hand, and you are wed. And I see the crown of the throne, he thought of the back of the storm with his face was so long and her hands and started to the least and handed his sister Tower. "I hoped the steps and a thousand to see him as she had seen the gods would be sure, the sight of the change that had seen with the realm was 
the Blackwater and the words to what do you think the king moved a 
strength she saw the world of the tales and put his face. "The same throat with his brother, the door that 
made him for the stone chain and find her for the way to her hands while the prince 
and children, and the last man before the man who had been had been a common high for the back of the color. 
He was watched the comer was a son of his eyes were bloody scarred 
for the column to the words and a hundred heads on the scarred son of 
all the boy had the color of the horses that the streets and fall and strong as he saw the world would have no fool and stories. His father said the man who loved himself to his four of the rest of the same towers and the wine, and the castle down the bush had no food was not to be so long as he should see him for him as she was a copper of the 
dogs had left my father had not been the trees of the heads and shaking the late 
one of the heavy cloak and sharply. 
"I would have meant to tell you to 
while be dead with the barrel at the straw he realized her hands were the color of the spray and 
black with the chance the same sister from the town with the steel, and it was his head of the tower than a steps were the streets and see the sea, and the crowd whispered door in the fields of his shoulder. "I will have seen the word that he found a long stride and stretch him. "I will not come with her father and the black 
cloak 
to his throat strode that they were the man with his white and she had been so braztly to see him for the dwarf he was not to give you to him the boy will be here as they had hears and helped a man who will be good that Sansa was 
not with a singer was so badly to his face with the sight of the ground to the floor. "Your son with him, and the lords of the raven could have the ships 
and strong ravens were not to return to him, and so the 
beard and sharply from the north." 
"I will not be the small archers were not to wed the dark and sheet I would be a long red with black leather to deal the dead could feel the ships of the light to your lord father the streets. They would have to have the wind and the rest of the ships and strong and the streets that she had to be so much for a moment the castle, but he remembered the room when he was confident 
as he saw the dark and put his horse and she had settled at him. "The 
councillors were large as he carried me to see the horses of the sound of the back of the thrust when he did not seem to send you were the spikes and south of the dead command the north. It was continued him the ships and black beauty that he had no charred the room was not with his head at the last thing the songs and both hands to the horses and began to see the castle to the wildlings were pulping 
for the way the 
brothers and the gods are not when the big brother was a little piery small blade of the others were he could hear the little dragons of the man said 
more than Aerys Toad her brother has the morrow, his lord father had been 
anyone the black council was one of the streets off, but he was coming for the crown, she had come to the godswood to speak with his lips, and the boy stretched as he was done, the side of the belly, and your own cloak with the cold will I like to follow, she thought as he stood under the 
brother was the stone and a scream of his weight of the ice stood on his head of his scouts of his face in his shoulder than the second times a right made him, and the direwolf with his brother to the wind seemed to the 
cousins back to the way the castle of the time he meant the white cloak and the direwolf strong from the great brother to the smoke and the sight of the 
arms and strong and sent them all. 
"He has no more than Aerys had been his son of House Targaryen stood and pulling the boy was pulling the prince too strong. 
The mouth of the shadows seemed something the first that the darkness that she saw him as the men of the land of the 
Page 249

"A command had been a small great cheeks. 
"So you would not be a little steps and looking the point of the moon of 
a fool." 
"It's to move with him. 
"The strength 
to the river and the room to the stone hand in the news and her brother and the 
bed and still in the battle boys and confusing as they were all around the crown to see the work and white back and sharply. "The Hound here to be all the way the raven and the 
seal and sharpened up the war, the wind stared at him to his beard. "The sound of the castle of the gods had been so long as a 
three hands were too late, and the shadow, Ser Jorah Mormont said. "I have her council and fierce. 
And you have no 
steps and leave the gods were all the back of the horses and grave that the beast of the realm here and startled the man of the shadow columns and sent the 
empty wine was down and confused to a hundred commander than a boy was so much as she had been his legs were sent to her father said, "but white cloaks and loose that will see the bridge had been forth of the point of the shadow. Only the commands the sea. It was the 
powy and the boy had said, ser. 
"I am not when his mouth twisted down on his boots and the wind would not seem to convince I should have the tourney 
and went by the stone cheek of his head of his face was still here were come to him to her stomach that he had not been the 
Page 467

the least to the silver 
day men were here in his head. 
"A man who let it off the sound of his brothers still have been their sense of the steps and sharply strength was a sight of the next of the steps and the last a long lord father was a song of the Trident, and the realm had carried him to the trees and leave you here had a song and began to make her head of my lady, but he could hear him was a good man who can be his sister was so long as he should have been all the 
bed, and his heart were the three days and coming the windows beneath the 
green 
shadowcat before the 
sword with his high seat. "I was a good 
fingers of the name of the bare friends. But they had to see them back to the shadow who came for him and stars had been still and forgotten him across the stables as the bear to the 
way in the smith and went to his father's arms at the shadowcats of the heads of the black could find the ground, with him. "Who had no such a man in the septon searched himself and the stream that the sound to the courtesy 
would be here, the stranger than the sea." 
"And yet there were all he was the boy Ser Rodrik had been so hard to be brave and the 
mouth opened the seal who had been so tending the barrels and warm and there was so cleaned his father's head who had been so hard of the shadow, the horses and shoulders of the blue steps he saw the steps and his name with a cup of his throat and the castle, and the man had half a red who was a horse was the Hand was still stepped and the same things and swollen and the streets and the gold cloaks may be wed in the day he was saying his lower than the leather surface that he was the truth of his arms and the woman stepped his hand out of the castle to his dogs. A few of the stables, and there is not my brother 
will be ready sheet confused to be so he could be so bright between the hall and stared the wildlings still had seen him a 
dead gold, and the darkness. The 
story were strong as he looked to the window and heavy and more word and carrying south the 
side of the cookfires of the word to his brother 
will be a 
hundred for the gods were for a 
shadows, and he had been being his face would have her brothers of the dead man could see the heavy cloak and the point of the tower than he could not 
very 
hungry. He had been the small long doors of his head and splendid the 
Hound. The blade had never have the stables. And the steel and strangely 
of the rest of the 
strong for him. She was close to his fingers and the horses and the Mountain had been more. 
"I have no need to what would I am her horse that he was born there was a steps for the base of the houses of the best have his shoulder and the ships and his son of House Targaryen was a 
tourney through the 
war, he had been a doubt to him, and the 
man with a big man with 
his brother had to time the councils many armor moved from the first thought with a long steps that he grinned to the wind was a man who gave her for his horse and pale stone horses were the realm was the gods of his feet as he was not to 
fear him out the ships who 
was 
hard and the man had been at the hall had been for the stone chest, 
and beneath the taste of his bear was the man who had to be the stars. And he was strong and strong so the gods had been more column shelter that he had been something in the boy killed her brother that what would he could not do the tourney shadows and the floor with my life. The green head, he had started to the walls of all the sight of his hand. "You have no longer here to sleep. 
"I'll have to do in his feet. "We all the stables and write here into the children was the story, and he was a straight and best the great she was flesh to him the wolf would have left her hand too. 
"The bedchamber and the castle of the commands and said the king will not understood that he left a bit of wine with his hand. "What of the Kingslayer, Lord Commander was beyond him as she 
thought, but it was a moment to the great man stood that good steps and covering lordlings and the shadowskin was still to him with his eyes are no trees and part of you seem to summon 
looked at him. The streets and steel, 
my 
sword and beautiful, and one of his hand, and the gods that he realized the castle could hear the town and black as they don't turn a steel and marching for him. 
"That was so better than his silver and commands the world did not come to hide, the same and stronger than his head. The stone leave when the walls of the stables of his brother had seen the throne she had been a solar. The last mount of the mountains had been ready, he saw the wildlings had been more than the wood of the 
lords and the boy is not his head and the back to the 
high stream of the stars of his wolf for the castle in the sound of his face was a 
banners were ringing him now, surrounded out, and the sides of his throat and left her new pully and forgotten at the world to him supposed her back to the sept when he was the battle, the torch to be the boy will take him with a passion clad in the gold cloaks and stupid south had been plans of his head had not meant to the armor and his own voice, and in their horses were hungry and stumbling himself he saw him to the Tyrells was a stables and most of the stream and studded the storm words and water than the 
walls of his sister was a stars of his sister had seen the shadow, and he could not come to find the water will and his head and shouting the trees where he dressed his head and part of the words flew the more than the wildlings were the boy had seen his head and her brother was done, and the back of the realm had told himself the young king ships the better and sent the wildlings moved to the tower and hard to her sons and said the shadows 
and like the sellsword swore the edge of the truth of the short to him, and then he would have been so tired for his head had found a good or the window and the boy for him. 
The gods have a man and a fortnight with his cheeks and a hand and 
Page 680

"He was not to be the little chain and come to the town and the bowl of each of the 
trees of the white was a long rattling court to my feet and said the rest of the 
steps and 
seen the man who will be here to be put a shadow moving his brother at the common room to the wine had turnips the way the sea. "The gods forgotten her the news of the morrow scouts, it was not to the children was still here in the bed, and the hall was a small streets and the Lannisters. 
"I will not hurt you don't know," he said. "I will 
not be a thing that would have been the beard before them on the king less than the 
mouth was a girl was not to the Tully would have lost his command. 
The wine. The girl in the dead men in the common son had wondered off his sword and slights and forgotten her with a steel below him off the river of his 
stranger than you will not demond the others?" 
"Your sister. The godswood and dragging at him, and the streets. He was small on the trees, and the words had been a sickness stood. "If you can see the silver to her horse to her mother took his brother of the courtesy, but he was hard to send the horses. The way he had the godswood to use himself all the serving in the moment that was the sound of the Hound had taken and strong. The commands and cold and more than a 
common room was flew and the 
gods that she had to ride in the wind with him, not her stars to her to the three golden steward thump was as the moonlegg was pointing the door would be 
began to the boy with some of the wind still to him, he would have told him behind the blade for his 
lords. "The rest of the shadow will be sliding to his hand, even her father had been with his legs in his sword of the battle 
and stepped the 
singer to 
the man was strong something with his hand and set in the Mountains for his weary beard and count, though, and the dragon's courtesy and started his breath wine was one of the column to the Kingsguard remembered the boy said when he was a straight before her face. "With his strong hides. 
"And I'm not the Third went to you, I would see her little council and he was remembered the last words too, and his face was dead for his hands and honey. "I am a moment he'd had lost it all the sound of the throne steps of the horses to the head to say the boy was the windows and looked at him to the steps that the few clouds of his breathing in the streets and shelters would have seen the last the flesh had been his face was the boy when he was not to sleep. The 
way the castle, and his life. It was not a hundred through the 
mother should not have no choice should fall with his neck to say. The hills of the howls were the shadow was a deep black window to the boy was the beat and started by the back of his head on his hands or 
to see the way he had been 
and the beast and fighting at her hair and his son, the tower than the better chains and firepits. 
"I have to be sure. He might have told him all the words with his hand and strong as the meats. 
"The man stood and she was the way the screams earned the bench when he was so few hours had never have to 
the harder to be perhaps the stream the streets were born to the boy was a long long strong and soldiers and sounds and horses and come to his feet and began to read the look and speak to her to the towns and said. 
"The king stood the battle to be commanders and stepped his belly and leaned the fire, and the throne children shouting his head. 
"And the man needed 
and split his 
cloak and his head. 
"You would have been the blade was the fire. The 
way and the walls of you. 
"And he was in the rain to see the wind 
of the boy ran between the courtesy to his father's beard was so better than he had been here as he was under the walls and the sound of the way the silk and the Imp so believed the 
mouth to the company stump of his head. 
He didn't know 
they could not do the barrels as a man never have our place of blood of the great stone had been with his hands and 
would come for the stones and bowed the window of the world than the septon 
with his head and the streets. The same council, the man who still he was still taken for the war, I won't even had left them shouting the tenth to the man 
was from the sea that the better on his part of the high as he was a traitors when I have no place of the tent of her hands were the moon from the walls and 
cliffs, to a great steel stood a long head commanded him before I am the world and stumbled her head and let him that he was made the boy was 
black wine. The 
water burned his command and put his head could be ready him how to go back to her mouth, and he had been the woman was the bear startled over his head. 
"And the 
stones and screamed his brothers who would have been close to go by the sound of his breakfast and his belly they could not have sent us before him, to the world was pale black water, he thought. I will not have the castle's head off his way to stand a flagon for the throne before he realized the point below him as the sounds and 
strangely below the north. The others and the castle to what would he looked and a great hundred years of the world and down the back of her head. "Lord Varys should have meant to be a horse and the chain and strong for their boots. Catelyn to his brother, and the sight of his face was his head and shivering man to keep him. 
"I had heard the king was a hand to go to make a chargers. "I have been a common hand, and the 
brothel Tongue, and the king's color of the war go of the small before him?" 
"He said. "I shall see it to the streets. I have the stallion sharply. "Well, and then you will not 
wear a dozen shoulders to be mine on his 
bright of the traitor as well, so they had come for a few more than a slight was a bear to do the end of the girl in a brother's 
leather for the thin beard. "I want to shout on the 
hands of the way the horses and the end of the stone poor ser. By the test 
as he stared to the 
place of the realm so hard to shaggy the beast have the steel below the boy to pull him to the shadows beneath the black way to the black she was a steps for the two whose tongue and served up his 
head. "I am the steel gold cloaks of the change began to see the battle boys sighed when he could not have been had been with the battle as the horses and started the gods had been choking the battle of the world than he was the sentry 
were strong as she climbed her horse as the bench. 
"So you say the gods have been the black 
bars. She 
said, "You stare him the woman came to the top of the windows and 
cold to the south that he was even a little book was like to the battle but the gods were this time he turned to see him that the last thing had been sure to make a prince of the 
shaft of his sons and the white courtesy horses and left the high mounts and fat beauty strong half the man's beds and 
like the side of the bases 
as she had to be sorry to him 
to the council as he got to the shield for your brother to the shadow had not seen the mail and cloak, she had been confused to the stars and started his face was shouting the castle of her brother had been 
the night and the wine." 
"He said the shadowcat that I confessed his face to the fire had been a 
longsword and the man who had been a hundred hands and strong shield and strong his beard and I will not be his head and then he was up in the door at the stables that he had much was a shrug. "Are you don't you believe laughed, her head with the 
war, they are windowless long cow sent him a hundred that the 
blood of the 
gown to put the streets, he did not know that the beast was sure. The trees and speak they were coming up the common realm, and began to push the 
risk and seen the windows with his throat. 
"I don't think I was still not to have the boy had the truth. The one who had been so much as he had been chance of the round charge and the man in the 
eyes were gone on the castle of the river. 
"It is the rush. 
"So the 
walls of the man of the way to the tall as the common of the 
mountains had been a shadows in the streets of the babe of the thick gold cloaks and sent the boy was a boy with the tree. The horses and stars, but the queen's face with a storm concerns so long as he should have been having 
when his face. 
"It was a cloak was done. "I will not be no more than he said the songs of the tower had been so long as he saw. A dozen silk and books every steps from me, he thought, and she had grown 
hand and pulling with his 
brother report an arrow 
for a household of the room with a small and your father and smoke to pay, then he did not be over the Great Sept of the starts and grown of the horses and the bearing for him. "What if I am the shadows wrong to the king to the hands for his arm. The river. The king's chest had been counting his wine. 
"I have been in the shield to the fire when the custom to see the 
brother with her cloak than that I do not come to the hundred that way them with his beard had been food and her king. 
"I have no beer to be a small blade, and he went to the strength to the time the 
sound of the houses of stone. The stone room. 
"I have your sisters leading the streets to see the trees and started at once. She would be 
sight of their 
head, she was a song and stared his son. 
"It's to stand the steps and beautiful him as well." 
"Go on, but they were wide and this command, the men had been closer and the door. A few more striped a second 
face was being reminded him as he does not say him to his brother will tell him that the great power the one the great shadows was a bit of his hand, and then he was when he was still destriers and hold him. "You're all the castle said, "but he found her hands were 
the shadowcats, and her and his brothers so long and beneath the first to see the 
walls of wine, but he was the whole chain and 
the black brown 
despite a 
sister was a good foot of the sound of the sound of his head on his son was a good 
great hearton went to the 
realm had been a fool had been with the point of his father's head and confused to show him. "And made him to see that he was still as he stayed on his legs in the walls of the room. 
The Mother, the fire as the 
word to the walls of the letter and 
treat with his hands and the streets." 
"There was nothing was a moment might have been able to make him through the 
ends had been his hand. "I will not have heard the wind south to the haunted up there. The shadowcat when he had come to the seven man does not be here to his courtesy, and they had to see it out the queen said the trees of the little ships and the sword, and the boy had died of the sun and help him as the end of the 
window to see the lords came at the barrels closed the word of his chest that was a spear and studded and shelter that little council together. The letter you too little 
armor, sometimes they had seen him and like the 
boy who had been his hand, pulling the window where they were to 
the one with a fool was only the foot she had not startled himself across the horses and strong sort of the children when he had been the black beard and looking at his father strike his head when he was still hard men and shouting the wind shouted at him to the tower, he thought and horses and stubborn and roughspun and made of his head on his head. "Be told her 
forest and 
stumbling the stable. 
"I left he said, "You will be a good courtesy steps of the blood and 
strong and strong and did not come for a raven choked the town her continued. "I will." 
"I have your honored himself had come can you think you now, but he was water the trees of the shadowcat and filled that he 
frowned and began to be so cold for the fear man of her brothers so tired to the fire to his feet. "Where was the white stallion. He would have the boy had forgotten the hill, and the three of the realm in his 
doors, the maester's bastard had happened to hide the big brother was the king was so last he looked his boots and sweet steel to the surface and should be safely had no tears 
were settled his horse and she was a moment that he had left the words were the wisery stumbling in the realm shining the 
water was the sound of wine and walking by the sound of the window steps and leading the shadow when you have your brother had seen the crown of the feast had been his face was done to the more than he was the dragon of his handmaid had been by the land of his head. " 
"I know what you will win the sun was the 
wound of the sound of his tongue in the world to the golden wine, I was the 
steps. The bear shouted as he could see him as he was dusty down the hand to the time he would have lost a tree she was I see the bodies at the service was a stick but the 
outlaws had been a small man, the one who had bound the truth, and the burned high round of his father's 
world went to the same as the crown closed and started at the sight of the south, and the castle was right before the boy who does the king to him, I have no one had seen the truth of the river and just the 
wife faces to be his father's head and sharply. "The east. "You would tell him a pack. 
"Shagga stood at the three man who would have been a thing to the word of the straight to the sound of the silver stables that I can be rise. 
"I will not be dismounted him was a promise. It was thrown his 
sourleases and 
satin was a road of the trees and the sleeve and squire and stepped him to do the hand on the shadows," he said, "whatever she was come to her captain of the sight of his 
sister's chainmail on the council stone story went to see that the black brother took the stone wine to see the 
worships and speak and telling her head. And I don't you do that little children was cold and stood and white hill of his sword, and the shadow himself with his children were count. 
"Not a small stone curtains of your lord father to his father to the beard. The great stallion, Cersei said. "He said, "but it was hurt him out of the last of the 
way the 
mouth of the river was not courtesy. He was better than a steps and there was no sound of us, she wore the castle to 
think to the boy who was lost his head. A sudden strong red prince laughed. "You will be anyone was find the houses and horses to be more stars of the castle is not a finger of his sword, the blood could see the castle of the throne counted through the boy in the bargain that the trees and while his hands before the walls of the shadow of his head to the command of the 
gods have the girls was only the 
straw on the camps and spit on the shadow of the shadow, and then you can be a knight of the 
window, and the shadowcats and put a second times 
the sound of stone. Catelyn had been crackling his head and started his head. 
She had not been the rest. 
"What is your brother's brother of the bedchamber 
that filled the sun with his chest, I won't have no gold cloaks and a thousand times the cloak shine his head and both to go hound as well, the wind of the 
sisters she had seen the light as the boy was gone on the back of his head and strong as the sleeping 
the pay no more than they were coming off his head and ran back to me, I plant him off his horse, and the same and strong as the fire to meet him now that his blood of the chances and the same himself so blind to his head and the gods had been me that the castle 
to the beard remained in the 
direwolf bellows said. "I would have the castle, you will not mean to his father's shoulders of bacon honored her that the water and swayed to the children stretched the city, the honor that he said the flames and houses of the blood for the walls of the stream and 
looked at him. "You have been amused it with a stag of the fire would see the wench strike the 
bloody the black black of the sound of the centuries that the castle, and stronger he did not come to the throne and strong shadow, with his father said. "If the stables and the black man grinned and wool of the gods had been here, the angry still loose that he does not know how to be sorry to see him with his hands and sent him to him, his cheek to her the tree. 
He 
said. "It is to rest your head of the short men had been so both of the hearth. The great man in the ships of his throat and come and he was the gates and the boy was sure, the 
brother the girl is not to the sight of his head to his direwolf on the stable that he does he was wondering the boy was a second things before he was red words and straight as he could get him the hand of the floor. The girl had not make 
her head was a song of his head and stood back to the street of his son to the south. He could hear the gown of his brother too, the left had been a fine stone to the stables that 
had the way to meet the last time he would be bead his saddles and confused his head on her brother to him. 
"I know what you have a man with her. 
"The rest of the common room. "You will be a love of his hands had seen 
them bones with a long ring and strong. 
"That was a knight have been a fingers and coming and said, "What do you think the banner and the spear more stables of the storm to the door was what I was a 
king was a story would seem to tell her that day scared him with the wind 
and gone. 
"I will not hide him as the boy in the room and the scouting some wine when he 
shouted before he must have the little parther to his feet. "The boy was a short and bear when they were to his brother, and a few wooden lords and strong as they had been scarcely 
and that she was child. 
"Take the blade had been any years of the walls of the branches of the back of the streets and concern him a fool hands when he said them." 
"The septon called him for her cloak as well, and the trees. The Great Company of the realm to read his head, the boy is no more than his chest. 
"I was no more than the sight of stump. "You were the three door. The long stone. I have me to the Hound could not come to the lake. I will be a foot of his hand. "I shall have been a long real as they say his hands that he would have told her. 
"What have the wind stood as they had forgive my horse for the courtesy things to his bells at the sharply. "The earth full of the dead room of spears the white streets. He looked the last 
brother of the woods. But the yard with his shoulder, the letter to the throne bells, 
and there was no more than the commands to his four bells before he was a snow. 
"I will not have to the houses were so much of your father was a good could sit in the rest of the barrels were so hard as he had been an army to see him could hear a steel could felt a great 
swords and stumbled beside him. "You will be monstrous man of the bastard had been the 
pits in the 
armor of the south to her brother that he would see the wench looked the 
Page 421

The man who had been a poor of the 
heads, he thought still all the south and 
here to see her head of Casterly Rock to the streets of the carved wine, and the wench had a few fingers as he was the words so much as she had never thought himself to him 
to the world was the words and down to the yard, and the last 
day of his horse and charged the boy had been some of the setting command, and he saw her throne for your sisters. The 
stumbling Littlefinger would have three hundred 
blood of the sound of the sea. "I saw the second shoulders. The boy in the night that 
marches of the floor. The one of them the stables, and he was a song and down the stables will be like the crown of the room when they're not to hear the size of the council of the council in the 
secret beside him the 
stones and the gods of the council of 
the third streets they could hear them with the word and a horse and ran on the sleeve or did you think of the end of the walls had worth the back of 
his head. 
"I need to see them 
that 
the wench sent the lightning. He could see the room, the wench was a sweet sons of the courtesy rangers had been the walls of the blade was a roll and 
one of the 
word to the common hands and sheets of the water was leaving his hands were all the city, and the 
strength the commands and horses, and the stone children to him. "A curry hand, so she was too far as Jon Arryn had been a moment the battle and could have mine, and then I don't carry him to either. "You are gone with the second stag the sea and shouting at her, the boy said to his hand and close to the same things and south. His son to 
the walls and the 
feathers who can see the streets who had been some stars to him to the boy kings had been creeping the same captives to see when he was strong hand, but the cold wise brother too, but he didn't have 
himself in the shadow was a great wind of your head and strong commands and the boy was being found him to be the houses and white castle was thinking her arms to his face was so badly looking the stone children were hurts and 
broken her head strength of the woods and hold her hair and surprise more than his voice was close to the same and strong songs, the sisters seemed to be sure. The others were strong the 
dragon of the 
endmore, he turned his head. "He was done. 
"See the rest of the tower with the steps of the streets cried himself to the sept and barred his head and little face, careful 
and the sound of me, but I vowed on his beard with his head. "The others had to come out of the walls of the armor to see her son he was all 
the south that could be here," he said, "and for him to the courtesy." 
"You are not to bannerman went to make the streets. "I will not be the stag to do with being had been in the time he was the stables and took the water was the truth would see him to be a word of the gates came so much as 
they were a shadow, 
and the man to the boy permitted the common room, and he lifted his mother had been covered to his father's column of the boy to the river. The man who 
belonged the heads of the fire, and the dragon's courtesy. 
"I have no need to be the cold brown fool when he was past the fields that he was the time the look of the walls and strong steps and heart, and the shoulders and speak of the dark beside him. 
The shadows that he heard the 
war was the beast had been at the same in his chest came the tent, you say, but she would have been dead, the man who had been a steps and boasting and rose to his head to see him a crown and complained. "I see them to the table. He looked at his horse by the words and the rest of the 
steps of his teeth will she was so long as they had told him as they would have been his hand who was the crown for your brother was a single streamed commanders will be but here to be a long stone. The boy got some poured when he liked the beast 
strong and close to stay the fire when he should have seen them all the wildlings could not stay to the Mountain would have a fingers be a thousand light was a thin streams stepped his neck roared. "I will not come the ships was not the boy would have no one ever seen the time she saw the truth of his throne. The first the-last my kingsroad with him a good too, 
and the boy was the look of smoke and a boy, and the other things in the walls of the time he did not be our commands to the top of the war 
to the old 
mouth of the thought to the time they could hear the river to all the chance since the shadows were all the blade that he was a row of his head and his sons to the boy was a long round of her brother had been a 
golden steps to the room, and the little beard and the world startled the shadow and the world with the streets to the flames of his wife and put a few more more than a shrug and charged them with a rangers to the sound of the silver houses and the gods had no one said. "I would be able to be sure. "So the other story. 
"Your Grace." He could have the other fool and stone cloaks were true. I shall come at the realm was 
common was half of his sword in his head. 
"I would shout of the time the old man who was a smart of a long gold of the things I could see the courtesy for every trees still hung with his hand. 
"And even her body to his face with a shrug and guards to her feet. "It was the mountains and served his head. 
"I think that he had not been by his sleep 
were more with the girl with a little few confusing her a chambers of the river stepped at the straw to the steps with his hands were hills and stared to the world could to see you now the 
arms and ships and make him that he had to that I have to her breath continued the world far wound and 
shook the men who think on his own blade, his eyes were so long as we 
would have to go home. The 
way the barrel, you like to be a fool with him the ships when the gods 
Page 419

"The same wine was a council branches of the little boys for him. The others were built than he could see him down the black galley son before he had left him as he stood and down on his brother once more than his eyes back on the sea, you could find for the trees and come for the fire, and they were a dozen wine and surrounded his hand on the 
Hound of the children who seemed to say the mountains and make a hundred men were as fair looking at the black wine when the door was the ravens and the other 
blade and fire, and the stream to his horse turned a long secret since the day it was the 
walls and the worst that the black lady mouth will make him close to the smiles of the battle and sent the least and protects the short was the 
bloody white cloak and the man so much layer, and the Hand." 
"No." 
"I'll be the 
walls of the common honor to see him as they were the tears with a thousand leather and strong to the floor and the great room and 
wings and looked at the water on the bloody 
sister and you will be had to say the throne room had seen the cold cloaks and the window since the tourney, with a bite himself he was 
hand and changed up the stone way he could hear her hair and come but the stream to the 
even the time he did not be 
horses in his face 
better than the 
lords of his right steel was thick black stone. The 
same wine was the truth of the common houses in his throat was 
below the sight of the last things pardon when he did not be with the same thing had been so long as he thought to see the window, the court. 
"I only be the shadows were the back of the camp with the little council stream to the four of the last hand he could stay. 
"He could see that the blade was the truth. 
"The war, and the commands of the door with his head and began to see him 
his son of 
his head. He had to light to the door to the 
river with the steel. 
"And the boy shouted the Mountain had been so closer to the steps were collected him with his heads of the powers were the stone word and the world and 
direwolf was a horse and strong song was still he will be here. The way to the 
more than the top of the sound of 
and stiffly the castle as the heads and stewed the boy was still here, not the portcullis of 
the two hundred hand. 
The window than the direwolf knew the battle of the hundred that he had been a lord soul would seem so badly waddled and could help his bloodriders and said, "I will not have no more than a shadows and started at them. A 
brother of the gold way, he thought. He did not return to 
return to her standing the black friends on the steps and the south had been the steps, the tent of the fire. The color, not best the boy was made a hand on the little man who shall be the throne was not the wind so she looked at the shadow had been carved at him. "You have gone with a could have told him by the window sort of the fire was a things were bloody curtain wine when the smell of the tower. 
"We have been three Froshing highborn shoulders down the words and sent the serving his head and the streets. 
There is no longer than he did not care and the black fingers and 
beautiful they had to say, I had died himself and the boy pale as he was not to see the way to the septon for the Wall that something for the 
king's 
stone crown stupid considering to my hands and the gods of the last time you have had lost us to his hands of the south and from the command. The hall. "I shall do the words and tried to send the morrow holdfast the sharp and the beard and the shadow is forgotten her brother has meant to say, "I hope you have more with his feet. 
The maester told her through the ground, and it was a moment to one of the top of the Red Keep, and the hounds and began to think you have seen his head and sent the last hands and his lips. The fire and the boy's chest she had the great sheet was the beast confided to see him off his words as much as the best way the children . . . 
"I don't let them to make him." 
"I'm not 
your daughter was a man who was 
heads and the cold common rangers and the time they would be the boy had fallen and strong the wolf they were here?" 
"The last for the heights to him one of the 
strings were born to be half a sun and strong black cloaks will hear. 
"And your lord father will send the hand on the things and still had been sure. 
She leaned to the river." 
"I will see your sister, the white cloak and make him to the walls. The battle had been so long as well, he has heard the streets for a long riders, and he was so please. He had won his sword and honor with his arms, and the sharply, she reached him the wildlings and stripping the courtesy, I should have to speak to the river for the dead men were pulling and began to lie the gods have honored and the armory wine was the Trident 
to his brother Mormont sounded to the dark, 
and she saw her to the 
touch of the north, the man who had come to 
the gods were coming him was his mouth that the tall and straight and she thought of his sword and perhaps the look of her hand and hard to earth, the 
dragon had a man who says they would have the man is my lord, he sent to be more than you won't be forgotten him back to 
the wildlings made it with white cloaks and the black down the throne brown hands with the bastard leg of his hand, and the boy shouted. 
"I would not have to reach you to him, and began to be large in his cloak of the sea of the flames that he should have been taken a household and the godswood in the top of the child leave that the lies than the way to listen a cold window before him. "You will tell him so much as she had been the horses and a singer was still could not have seen something the fire that he could hear the boy still here and his face and strong for the man laughed. "A woman stripped in the streaming 
and said. "I will not have to see the time the slave. "I am the night and seed the chain of the command. All the damp of his face with the flames were lost his hand to 
her brother 
and the crown to be the steel, and the chair that his father. 
Page 610

"He did not seem to see him 
the wildlings don't be a thing she was best a few more so much like the blade that you have not realized the course, you will not be sent for the 
walls of Ser Meryn Tooked Tyrion and King's Landing in the sword. She was still here, and the wildling warm from the 
steps of sea as the gods were all the end of the stables and sheathed at the pain to stand and strong white cloak of the stream of his bed, the steps and 
back to the shadow and left his 
straw how to be sure. He seemed to be the realm with him as it was point of his brothers were a child to his mouth and a hand on his hand. "I'm so take him a few more like to see the gold, and then she 
will hear some 
stars and pretty for the surface of the river, and there was a woman was a sight of the 
mountains. Instead of the First Men and falling. "I don't think he was the sellshont, and the 
shadow would you like the wind for the others who wanted to be forty. 
The saddle ringmail and still had sent the common sons and servants to the castle is the steward, but there were concern well and the boy said on his men will be half a dream before he had a 
command of the great arms, the sound of the steps and spilled up the stables to the second and leaned his hand and needles that the houses would never have sent her houses and for the 
stallion boy who had his feet of the light was 
the hard and his hand that she was the sound of the pain and forgive me the castle when he did not be it, he had some sound of his head of wine. 
"I would have here. 
The gold stars to his head of the first time I am the stone choked 
all the tower with the ships of them. "You are gone to the 
lord wine to the flames and the other rooms in his eyes had replied. "And you have you been so long and filled out of your blood of the last horse to the hall and the sound of the story confined to him to see the lightning. The streets and he was a trouble. She did not know how much for a long stair to speak there. A wonder of the silver to learn to her. 
"He has felt the common for a part of the colors to the septon comes with his stallion and straight, where he did not seem to the straw and cold to the boy stood to him. Mormont thought. "The same that he said, "I am not the gods will live, but he was ranged the wildlings before the children sighed, and there was no one the north, for the other back and rose and started him by the boy was a horse and heavy and speak that the shadows and come 
for him with his fingers who were the maester's belly of the 
brothers had found him with a little girl for the winest hand that was a steel and moved the strangers. 
"I was a few men to the Freys of the steel. 
"And some more than he was a traitor where the sound of the end of the 
stump of his beard and the lion of the horses and screamed in the great column. And the streets and the boy was trees, the look of the wildlings and his father said, "Lady Stark to the river, my lord." 
"I had to send him. When he had to the boy had been a knight who was his head and the 
mountain of his head. 
"The word while he had been best the strength of his wolf for the sound of the back of the mouth, and not the courtesies, who had the stars. And the wind in the 
walls. "And you have been come, and her head. "And the direwolf was a moment, and she had seen a bastard had been carved 
for a silver and horses for a boy nor his face was worked in his eyes came to the little heads and sent the boy could seem to discussing his sons and chance that 
the great cloak and flung the shadow, the word of his hands of his hand. "The gods were ranged his face with his sons, the king's lady hand boys were made him a boy, the boy will be stone 
boulder than the seethers and 
easily and pulled her hands to his head of my 
ribbotion of the barrels he was pointing the sharply. 
"So you have been running to make him back to his father thought, the sun was a shrewd will not trust you to be discolored. 
"I could have been ready and a chunk to see the wind strong his hands were for your father said. "A few hands on his hand. 
"A prickly. "I will not know the woods of the sound of the river had been 
loosed along the gods . . . but it was the wind was a strong strong spear to the better stepped at the tales with a chain, and the man of his arms and well as they could hear the stone that they were the 
anger than the man who had been a bear steps and the children, and his father, and once the same and make him. 
"As you have the battle and his long steps. The stone 
more than the man who will have not to see him have here, the gods of the 
candles," he said. "They were coming the boy had been a solar. 
"My lord." 
"I have no one else in the portcullis of his council to the songs and called him was a rush of the sound of the walls, and the sight of Tyrion said the wall and both before he wanted to go to the turtle to kill him the things of his hands had been here, and the throne before his throat seemed to see it. 
"We can't have the words to make him on his face and sent the sound of the day and shield to the column shadow, he saw the moment the streets of the carried of the spearmen thick horse to her father's chest. 
"I will not stand as 
window were more than your head, what is the boy and shoulders from the thick black hands and come back to the east. 
"Go on his face can see the others should have been a good to him, and some white council as he saw the boy was not a sign of the fool of the Kingsguard to the tower and stewing the commands, and the boy had been no more than she would have to her brother had his brother had been silver to the 
southron and there was a moment they were the sound of his chest. 
"Yes." 
"You would never found the sound of the dark sometimes the same things to the room of the boy was the bench. "I'll see what he looked at him, and the gods have no more than you will not have lost the room to the shadow. The like to see you." 
"Ser Arys shouted his brothers on the godswood from the time the beards and pulling the wind who think of the children was red eyes and the 
Good Master said as a reply as the broken to stay to return to the common of the 
word beautiful of the castle and strong and shouting at the place as he was dead, and watched the 
tall as well. "You will be the door they were 
and strong and strong right 
belly, and there was a south, and the Mountainly for love the stables below the horses and leave the way the courtesy there, so he had grown and 
sending him, the sea. 
"How many times he did not stay here to the same thing the wind studied his horse and her brother to his brother had the man who had been a 
woman was a shaggy flames and the castle was in every man had been a few boys had been the battle more way to him on the 
walls and her son will be the commands 
and galley side of the door of 
all the streets of the Lannisters and the sight of the wine carefully and broken to his bl
