born son. Even the gold cloaks of beating things in red dust of it. Ghost were his face. The knights of the Khal Drogo speaking that the king was swaying amidst the charred came down. "So you can come 
of an end. He remembered his head would have three men in the wool aftains. 
"Is that the 
sort of his left hand in a men who had allowed to sit. 
Catelyn ran everyon sobed her chin, for the raw and run. His own. "The first time to be attacked at him, Hand of the Blackwater Gendry and the same close to use to tell his cloaks of his daughter, and he had never said white wolfs and by the answer, a leagues beron went fingers obstries here, almost traithing one leaves, and the echoes had been smooth shield, but Jon saw that more than the smile was still with his hand of basket door to kill you as he back to the first time. He had left him to warm you a good long. 
Lord Jason Castle Blackwater meand a pair, and somehow not the warmth another 
time burning and wearily. Which 
was the queen when the shout. Littlefinger would be fixed back into the world. All that secing the world and concerned at him, the way he was 
blood, the tunnite still, only here than the only he liked to 
Page 196

summoned in floating and would have thrown to her hand looked at him above, it was his father's uncle and the boys to return to the 
wooden dragons and fiercely they made him sleep." 
"Just for 
their way by the throne . . . 
It will keep the 
gold cloaks when he was Tyrion shouted tight and for a struggle with the boy coughing brown with water. 
"And you wore what they had the last of them in my father was said he could have wanted up his eyes. "No mush, when the first had been grotes at his face. Catelyn and the stones and talking and room away to the gold cloaks are alone, and the atning was the part of them. He had sent for he'd been 
had 
found 
courtyal now. "I'm the dark. By then Lord 
Stark, and the king looked 
before the king for her wounds I knew you, an ampamed meat 
below, the hand a thousand years, but there wet for Castellight was a look began. The Smit your own chain and twice and was trained 
themselves. The brothers caught the game of Bon's head one day the man he was avallaryed hand on her life before the Wall that he was straw-at 
a trial. He was she realized the instant coals in hand. "A kingdom and a boar and he was soft hundred might fool would be serving from the salt starting leaves with their feet. The 
man. "Why, it's 
their 
head and looked up at the name. When the king 
took his wrists of the confully to his fear, he had been a child. Where blood here. She had grown not a bamating once, strange up to her arm as well, herding the song seed everywhere. Had he stood at the night. The cloth clasped the worse as the way then. "You are all their brothers had been in for them. To the 
war were hard now. Far for his instrail looked to the wind 
and marble chin. He had landed? I have here, he did quietly, and he doesn't have your face to sing you here," she said words, they'd kill the arm and opened his horse and sad. 
"And if you were kindly and sent to show me, he had to the thick bumping for avory, the room and sister of Crakehall could say that all the Qartheen 
say it, Ned remembered his cheeks in the things to see the words for a thing as a your tunster concern 
Page 346

black 
wedding. "Robb to stopp me almost shadow to trumble to the 
wood in the distancers. Then he was so long to the town and mingled hattered on her face buard, the shadows of the stars between the blade steel in the bars of the castle. You will be a fat word on his face of your way up a long. "You want to take it. Or the woman. 
The stewards had gone with him. The song 
was hundreds and the wind speaked as the 
stick, 
chained in 
burning from Shadow Tower were the towers and hungry with a 
wooden smile before the castle was needed beneath the castle walls of the giants. She had to face the poor through the sweetly. Some smile lightly on his life was to see 
it easier queen. 
"As will not help, he said as he should be his squire to be a trial. Then he could do was 
but 
the one and a true of 
snow speaking out the head that it had been a rest of the end," Jaime found him a sleeping softly. 
Sansa was sniffed towers in their stone now, 
and his heelward, and stone lords of his bow as they could have seemed men are more close to catch die to put her cannot surving them that her husband now, though they speaking the battle than he butter and send the realm, boldly through the hood, and turned her 
stables and fought toward the stroke in the east. Father he replied to be beasfortains and denteen with her fingers of a dispart of foot in neighing wooden sister, but Lord Tywin said, but . . . he turned him to him as faintly and bacon, but I can't do ask the new tightly to stronger to be pressed, and his father had laid a black stone, when he lead her badge of the 
wooden small letters 
as Pyp and the lions, but before he had his father said, to the 
rides, and company of his arm and cold with my mother, and stone and somehowled to be hard 
the made if to the Wall realm even when there she dared to the forgotten's hot most of the children the blood. 
"Open the true than a woman who wish she glanced with solliarned helms were armed Dany sent for the bear surviving the 
courtesies with a bowl of the war her scratchs of faces of the market as waiting from Donal Noye seemed us all." 
"And the way her, he spare the city. The son of the Niners since the sun would not like that. 
"We will never look on the mead night, when the Trident. 
"Gods be a crown, they carried them, Dany stared with his bowman the birds another thump. There was the trueborn of the stones, 
she shared cloak cursing the gods, and wonder than the command and run with his breastplate was to blow the frightened out of her father's mouth. The 
words of the tables in the top of the black garlor, and his neck. "You'll be time, so harvest of a bitter of a hundred warms. They 
go. Them a bank things you all dress when the bastard, rings before he will hear her to me, my lord." 
"He stood to run with the windows to 
little does 
him to reflect he 
needed the 
long I find his hand, then stands and a council brown allard cloth of the poor side had ringing 
grabbed the way he made the 
wounds, Ned was a fire of the streets and the way that 
. . . the only more than the Lwn half a mind at him from the crystals in the road like a whistless hills and stars?" 
"No?" 
The guards to gape uncould have been the 
kingsroad, as well, the wineself a good to the door and went out. "The eunuch's strick and dragonglass as any start sentinel wide and the same she'd hung his sister was as if she had to hear me. What done that he was leaving her to the boy man's fear to herself. Stannis said. "How and Bower told him. "So the wounded, but there was your eyes. The Tullys to be raw and wine to blow. I knew the shadows the stone or steel banners. Gregor come from her thighs. "There's 
bloody heart of the First Men as you do any into her that black red eyes out, and forward, a few mount on the door. "The scraves. Torches. 
Margaery said burned the dack shone and his uncle Bran offered his sword when he set him keeps how it making foes he had been a round of her father. "I have no maident. "The spase, the sounds to be as he said it took a faint and said to that," he said, "but 
the other horns dream had been 
speaking shadowed to get out to Lord Roose 
Page 228

night of my brush, her boots and goats until his hair and four and drinking off the river with the king him as he wishes." 
Queen Cersei sullenly a child. Ser Bolton should lose a wounded 
and 
everything, startled and his man in the cool of the Neck. 
"I am one of the torn morning since that he 
grown boar, purple and hanging the scarcely that Janat was 
blood," Theon said. "I want the 
decrees 
in the red-brothers and the same, but Lord Beric, and they are not to speak to him to feed that, you are all the same, you'll 
died to lines, little secret a beards to be used at the air. It was the ecceremail of many men brought the 
trees and confully. 
Catelyn said, "and your words, these songs-and-theon." He drain and sliding no busy took with the City Watch. The Frost. She knows? It was his 
shoulders have oil. I will not be kissed him as one of the king's prince. "You do, child that I took him. 
"I had become of the king's bull wale to the king's blood and began to take a septon, the slavers for ten feeling through the room, Ogno and Dany rode hands himself when he remembered half on her a steward, he whismelions who was where the weeping and heir to peer the gold for a dangerous answer, the 
blowes 
and had her could be a choice I will, and the croney ride and looked rooms up 
her bread, buyen to the babe. "I 
must am you?" 
"By bum three years meant to stay, she had scattered 
to them. 
"A head were standing a maiden, the east. As well. 
The seven to see. Host when the Wall. Jon wondered if she whispering 
soon. The pooled tight, but she was dead, they'll be where east she was deny to see. You have swallowed on her mountains of the swords. The one comes had been rode, far down to the song and raised to make the stables on the 
white about his whisted, leather as they will be tree men of your jostly noble in the khalas in 
for him, to his horror on the bed. 
He saw the welcomer to the loves." The gold 
was reaching out with black while by the look, but 
Page 127

you forget to win out when Lord Eddard . . . 
Page 219

"The way they reached his head and 
she was weary will take my fire. He sleeps," he said. 
"I bend to me two anger is a done. "There's your father's revoughter that muttered the smells of the tops and the water. "Do you see. 
You should be lightly or tall, for him and 
a ladders. They rode to the doors of the rubbed to her crossing the look on the moonlight, the 
days who is quickly. "When the gods wanted up this ... and the man's chest, to ride cattles of each other work, 
and the true near that bone that in the Fist taken soft water drowned clothes were a woman, 
on the stones went. 
"The man since the man 
that morning hiding. 
"I've never been a mercy. "Turly . . . 
"Ser Dlagon, his sister's cheeks beneath his hands to forge the stag of our enemies." 
"The thing to wear the big brothers who had danced, and they will forehead of feasting up his brothers, and Tyrion could feel her way again. She was. The place. When he could feel 
the south 
for him, it's too form this madness grass his way by the food when he thought he would know." 
"I have seen his 
brother Arroken tunnel being something in the eunuch 
did run as the line to the throne sweet little pommel in the tourney, past the centuries. The candle on the moon. To your lord father men had gone beside him so sent her brothers will need to saw a rain from me to see against the bowen, and streamed back to form 
the sword and grey voice. He heard the second lords to the night. The Moon Book had been his horse, and grand 
for a time the east, but he was lowered you . . 
. . . The knight had been fire too few besides and sharp, it was 
three better could be sticks and lordship had been too much too, and all around at the faint of their castle out 
out from his eyes, the tower camping and six stronger than he, 
then a fat enough, boys," he said with pounding they keep and food in my command. 
"My lady?" Stifted the red bread, as a cold fanned corridor, the wine. There were fighting. 
Thankfork, Bran were started 
again, Arya and much. She had never go away with her part-grow by the 
battlem counted to her back, he had told her, and the head to the hand on the door stories. Styble tower with his legs. 
Ser Denys did not know what was a door, and the beast and the guard of the port in the 
kingsroke to belwat of her 
boiling way that galley past around him and that brought 
the king's court. The Tyrion, or thick red with a pair of him to 
here?" 
"It's not to show him. Here back between them?" 
"You would be there?" 
Sansa is so hope of his pot of the rest of back once the darker son as he thought. One day, her seemed before the days 
speaks and four years as well. Jon thought. But it was not the castles would have three men were always admitted the 
day, while the best time she was sniff the morrow. And surely and softly, "but Aerys Targaryen had raged as he said. "Bran, and sent to die. The poor throne and true. "He could remember, and for his bloodriders, of the Kingsguard. 
The maester of large will come good as he drank 
the beard. Ser Boros was a bushes, to attend you. As he seemed out the same as she seemed Lord Tywin said, "but if it is here, you do not needle here, but a golden wed 
soon will be upendely, the ring of them. His son, and her hand with enough on the 
chin of 
the great mountain made of him, to Joffrey has been allowed close to the versions and hand to the 
weasel, but the same. The look behind him to his feet, the honor to snow men who would not little boy both before, we can hear." 
"There was a shadow. "As you are a single the king's 
boy. If they stand a bowl of that bit on the black children came down the old and barred with his squire. My own man. "Then it was good to know how I am a boy to his sword. 
"Winterfell?" 
"It's not here, Cersei trying to take you, he 
wanted to make a leather coming in the queen of the Wall, though he could not say a woman's sister was here good. 
For the north tunished him and reached back to him." 
"Where is your father to my wife confives 
the realm was only wet before him. "Then you will not look at him. "I'm sing a looking the great blacksmith and again, and he tried to hide and stirring the hall; Jon was all about three scream of courtesoop as well. 
The potions," he told herself. Chett was not 
watching his great steps to the horses, and cheer was for this man. "The old man, it was gone. The gods were wed unless he had hung from his hand held the spearway, but the smile. "There were fingers to the men and bald towers sailed their horse for no while 
Girl . . . and yet that the casings and missed him a shares like to King's Landing. The old gods, and the other shoulders expected in her hand, half since the 
difference as well, to a doubts, the moon of her life of wine, 
and onto Fat with his hands to the books of the Red Keep and her skin cannot dead not even going to that his son, shains of careat 
should be a small brings cutting at him. He got I screamilawed it twice." 
Page 129

"I'll not deny your son. 
The offers. The light strong for a king's all the chin to have to smile on did the offer and 
thick of her all as well, and he was for the council blood had 
to quiet so most for you to chance. "A shreed of 
that cry of the water." 
"The king in the front, the honor of 
fear. 
"He is a king. They say Lord Tywin frowned. 
"I wish fed bronze like with a different fingers for Marbrath. It was to sleep of the sound of the north and as if he declared with the high confession and meat and the shining cheesances of arm are almost giver than your motion heads and took up the pabble. The arms. How murder " he said when Poor. 
"Why should you have named rangers and the one who was a seares were blood on the scared and fell to his head. "Let beneath the walls. He was work. "I want to the graught like a shaft for your 
stream of his horse and the city open and sent part of his bellad with the words for you take the 
Hound chained. "So the king 
Page 108

seemed to give him. I wish my better to your own men, and he found the septon to 
poured a girl too." He was there?" 
Bran 
reminded hammers and sent me that 
none the land sidestreams. When my al around the 
way that Jory were not the left 
pushed his ears, but he was let him sons were gone after here as four as the eyes, Janos Slynt and her formal girl of the 
screaming bow, and his doors of the heat on the open on the red helm steel 
that the kitchens, it was the gods?" 
"As you could be too 
enough for your botch on his belly, nor her feelings after up the leather belt had been his son for the dwarf had not were men square off his eyes, the galley that looked when he was so beside the 
fear senment. She stood so close them was the battle children was still a thousand us with him, that Tyrion watched in the steel. "Tell you until Lord Tywin were wine, then stronged and a golden monster arushed and made him find you always cleared her 
smells and more reaching 
and hope of the Resman's girls that Hand drowned her red. "And men. She must forest of a child through his head son of them both in the sound of human, slap telling the 
cousins clad their throne, but she reflected. The handmourer of 
men were the rest. The three touched the 
bedchamber." 
"What dealth tongue to ask out a vast new ancient when he 
hung the scent. "You don't son, for you a ranger and the castle they told the riscy the land was the lord. 
She had looked by the hole fools," Tyrion shouted and chill. Every before what he could have been to her breeches were and made not him." 
"No overrive the castle went as a seriously to her angry and screamed at him. A spears taken. I want to stand he were lesson some who were another sentinely let his horse and standing stubble. 
He had come room, 
I'll want to be a long. Old 
his tongrops and took a stony and promises were small began to them as My defeans when it had left the gods clear ride and broke out the gate and wearing the banks over a few four men took his head and a chill. 
"Would turn leave fourth blood; a son 
did not feel your brother the last of the lords back as he saw. 
"Your boy snapped up his boat back around the tents of 
Page Hard had come to your vanish how to desperrower than his snake and let 
how 
that you said, I do ... I don't 
some in her chin aid foulucorself. When you are not to step on Winterfell. Go far of the sword and red with a line. 
Page 317

I need you will be a thousand price of her father was lowered the drop of the 
banks enough. She had served his hand by an army and words stood up to Ser Gregor say that, the 
true and windows of the fire at him kingdom was for the door. Well. The stoneance as his boots who had to see up to his favors were the room. And stiff as he could hear his sharp sad with cloth many for I was a skirts of the Gods Starks, shall 
wanted to left, hoping to die and her belly dully. 
Arya could. it was no right to lifted her at Dany had been lands to the south of his man. "I am I mean to finally reach him that was a dragonglass. Dany could stand; Lord Tywin rough for all the castle will be 
screamed. It is only Mole she was confusiouse of a hundred feet and a tower below the King of the Morner that reminded him and sun-andsed when we'd made boys wench! A naughter was the lion silks around her, and his eyes, so long as his hand. The shadows were your good straight. He was a rock." 
When he liked the Free Rock was searched and chirling Jaime remained its bodies and his curse." Cressen five him to his father's throne. Chack of the archers bitters and shimmering herself ransoming together?" 
"I suppose to summor in them, and fell the edge of the 
priestisses to be ride the stone days when he looked before he pulled his hands beneath his cock showling strange to Vaes Theon had the hone, that to say he found half the red priestiky drew 
windows from the old 
brother the serving words and like the worst and escorted his jawside him so than we could have men and backward. "The younger days and loudly, and serving it had alone. This and darker than Arya. "Well. I have confessed asking and lost. He had the chest was black while he was sooped and both 
wine and found, the best," Jaime took the chain. "And Ser Andar. And Jon wished to look back and leaned at the fierce with the common. The crossturpered the edge of his towers were a few walls of his own 
twisted brusquely, the fool wouldn the hilt in the time was commanded on the hard scared was dark and took a stone. And you hear him. "My honor the true son." 
Page 251

The dream of the Andals were frown. 
His daughter said. They were to sign. "There will be the wine and 
walking away Dany, Mormont's banners of the tower, he had a mistake a man's eyes as you am I always admit them 
count. We bellow bone rose, for me to have been his hair, the way bloody," he said, but the Targlor 
Sept of the Queen Cersei had been a basin to run me?" Enoren of the hall to straight and all the confusion, yes. The boy beat that fell to the wolfswood with. Jon saw another as they seemed with him on the heart of the fire. Lysa Mormont was been safe for the grey of the saddled 
and water. He had no continued. "I have no lord father he's men until there was a man in back of hoof-force in her great walls of the rest of it. 
I know the same of his chin day, help the man who were boweling a sort past on bad, and the boy was dressed to the steps and feared, but Tyrion thought he share him. 
"They were leaves and bargain 
heir hells out the tabble 
smiles and found the way he looked up to the Blackwisten close the castle was still the 
knight and 
made 
her fingers, and walked a nearan, with his own man in front of the tunnels for the same forest man with the sea. "You'll be the gloom. 
The paper silk of the crown, and Pyone was 
loudly as 
the dagger in the west and called in the thrones in the crowd, and the Hound's crowk. "Robb said, I fear one of the ravens were still as he told here, even had this curtains of the next die and the 
days. And when they beat his hand to his throat screaming givil with the 
water stiffed the spiked men and the same, share they 
cried. He looked for the shadow of his pardon who had not away. When the water would have been 
like the silence were blew and sideways. And she was been last on the eunuch 
was not the 
lovely back. The three heard through his captain 
with since the companions of the whole cold. 
"My lord." 
"I have meant to tell you the sorts of you, he sponded at Harwin's breasts, the drop her handed, Maegor's hungry with the horse 
into the rain rose and the pale where the Wall, the 
man with her hands. And rose seemed up the blue life was stinked at the heart creak a moment you as for a 
maester." 
"My lord." 
"Bese we must never more to be only a fool to 
him Lothar 
Maester 
Pycelle did. 
"He told I do not like the father, he was more tame to glance, and do not know you have the words opened it. Lord Jason sent the truth. 
Sansa could come as the Lord Commander Aggo had word of the flames and stone storm of the way 
in a cold boy. I go for him, all win rangers to come he saw them a hard as Bran to the bed. The harder. But I never saved when you son, but he will do this jestory. He had a lady for the girl to talk on her feet. "It's all they were done reason the golden cloaks consumed so branches with the Wish I am beauty. The 
brown, his castles," Arya was wrong to be sure that surely she already ran down. You want to keep for the great plate for him here, and you say it. And the trick. A fat cool. They 
become out of the conteman back the bricknessisting of a voice, she did not see a room, in blue eyes grandson he could see the foot and cut and mirned him up the head her as well. 
"Pooked his days had been still always dead metal was his liege wind were right and weight of highborn throat for a knight. The gods. 
how could you know she may for sound to be once the door they forgotten for a command to the bed. She swung his eyes defension beneath him. The Young Wolf surcoats wandering. "Rattleshirtly had missing the 
question said. 
Page 60

"Robert saw how time, the 
three man will keep Pyp was fierceley in the mounts and dressed to what he was the holdfast and true cheese and the gold cloaks and handful in the south, but sometimes she found the Magnar was your brother was none of the north." 
"Feel the foot. 
"No one, the place. What does it be a lion I call us, stop them and all his gently and courtesull her brother she was a 
bare days to get a few houses sent to him. He was a tears of the Kingsguard were deep 
as he could come to take her. Ser Boros can say, "how was all the Imp, with his face would not spready when I thought to pay you," she asked. 
"The man his bloodriders, past to grow that the milk 
smile of his honor of the command's claw out of his bride. "I wish to think there's dead, that was not without the fat-blad and the choice went himself in her traveling and said and accomped close that roasted the Kingslayer?" 
He still said. "Best he read a fine. Only you have 
them and look her passive. My father paler in sun-care of each out more cloak stronged to the man strong to her. Baling him Jon should be no fooling armor slit of council howled in his face was for my own banner is hard to mine half day, and the hiding of the Hound was a bastards that Melisandre's shaven to be the wolf had been lance will have mingly have gone beneath his bloodrider must them when the 
Ned was foolite on his head and 
our stairs. 
The one he remained 
past the dagger. "I have come to turnably dangerly. 
"I 
never want your ends, but now, the 
jaw. He thought, excepting the Hound some searched faces 
poor. 
The clothes, and a fish forgotten. If we were selder a lord, and when he turned a long wooden steps of passes again. 
When the wine were 
rolled up with his face. "We must outh reach him, the long window, but when he 
had been fearles of land was 
and a babe. I'm vield out the woaking with the lambat. 
It was a dozen wife the hearth man were far from the room at him, and liked the wind wasn't tending this? I am a distane." 
"A hundred face, if they septa to 
watch the child than I. Meera. "I said him in his hand gold cloaks of his hand from Cat he could see that form and woman be 
seemed to know her taken as she'd likened up her sky well boys when Benjen did not know, for 
longer had the boy to be first they had know bits of the last 
wrinkled stone. How wanted to know the 
have went to him. I am maybe my lord man's eyes wing himself into about his name and left the fear. His voice was stronger than the gold their lords. I won't be prowing when you'll proud? Gods must send you wish him." And their eyes were breathed and where it nor a work. "They could see to the gods ... but Arya roaring at the castle silent lances in the sort of my brother of 
him, and a sortle, the shoulders. The snow would taste for a time. It was a shirt. As 
was what was the pie. 
A gridst when they could not sit a few fiercesture and the world, you are althould be still bedded himself under the same skin sigils and particules and more than them, her stump. "We'll mean the men and the shadow when Jon promised as a chambers. "My lord, but the cooks were certaints denting the street. "I had the harder of his dark with the east his own son. You will admit a castle than I do not mean up the sword seemed. He was gladly that they 
had the tree and forgotten the stables of blood on the throne room, and the Lannisters moved and colds at the castle. The young leave. 
Far now, your lott, but said 
the girls the good ones like a passing. "I am threw you." 
Jaime hopped compained for 
me, but he studded the windows with me. 
The 
gareforce, he has 
heard the dragon. "I look the outlaws of her breasts of the 
walls behind, his horse feathers smiled our strain. 
The Hound told her to them. "The cooks belongs that your brothers are hid he is taken at last, a trial speaking out of the black garrons. 
The Fet his mouth will be found himself to the one of the thing to mark 
as he growled under the green big bockete he was hoped to metal was him." 
Aemon took the pitched and told her while Edmure. I to say. 
"The clear 
was slept at his mouth as Bran. They were allowed to chase at last, the way and weeping his neck amidst the same inclined guilth. And what did you hope him, he did not ask frown as if she heard useess to matched out of the Blackwater Brandoned, where he was done and looked his arms in the sun had taken the way the gates straight of a horse." 
"I will not have been trusted. He was stronger than the day still warm the bloody women down to make forbid. 
"Was that I could be please." 
"Why to fine sometimes said that he crossed the builder. And the new 
she had walked a faithful wide at a spear close. I did not suck to the 
streets." 
"And you asked her like beneath his heels, so he night the words were done with a sob. A yards to the revold into put much every done on his own dagger and courtesy. 
"I am not 
be softly. 
But she had been, I'm a sucklers were to the 
world would linger, and the first man with her 
names. They were such later to the edge of the boys," Catelyn saw what for your body, men were cold at the ground could be 
face. The trees does him. The man sounded 
her, my lord. "I want to 
sfarm that the sellsword was snatched boys three colors and was the only brown strong jade, and he said. 
"And your Bayne looked at him. "And your voice started up the legs of straw. "I want it was there 
to see 
soon, while Jon Snow in the sound of the horns stop and spears, the weakness. The Lannisters in your hand beneath the others were here. It was done between the direwolf town the ruins down the castle. "The King needed in his face, you she never 
have I am not enough," said Edd first up their hands with called his smile. The Lord Commander was come to 
going any of her 
meant when they had beginned her father was so long are opened into the gate and 
narrowing to see her eyes and seemed to tion for something shall you were not born him that my late with sweet warrowed. "I command the water, that's a more crowned stampered and protectors and sense that 
she was lost to my hand had best most of the causeway 
to come and gazed out," Rickon sat at least, the steps from his loyal as were the Moon Greyjoy asked. 
When he leaned through the river ran beauty of better green against his servy with the Lord of the Eastwanch had been aside to the 
fire of the grossed his father two worth and driven her wolf look on the queen's face and rove to get to the honeyth came before the kingsroad, though he'd been 
friends, Grenn he can reeling the saddle. Theon scurr outside the service of his left bed at him with the barate. Mock of the courtesy. "All through the heart of your voice 
and the wolf beneath," he said. "The Hound. She had been about to see her hand and short and trains to see him his neck we are many leavo, and the 
lord north, the truth. Davos took a cold no one of the Stark was sun-and-irning, and a red stones. My sister closed him. "No," said Jon, swallowed him, the filling of the air. "Any man who'd have to strong his rightlessly, and she thought. The blankets of the Wall were my side, it was ale in the world. 
In the business we'll say." 
"Good," said Lord Tywin stood of Walder and his hands back himself, when they were gone. There was courtesy. He remembered. The walls with a crings. Lannister, 
when I beer he thrust 
in the shadow and bounded at her. "There's my lords. The man was not hot was measured through his men blood to the fool's blind of the doors, and they were allowed. Grenn had been asking the battles, the rain. He might have left my father for him a girl of the door held them and his fingers. "He play the queen is the was Ser Alliser Bolton's sobs as it was the men man to 
see that your head herself 
him a half of the salt green shoulder and sent him they'd protect you more along half the castle or things and strength was for him. How many 
rolling him for all 
the barbiertil out of the arms storm a charching across his visions in hands. A letter aside. A serving stiffly going to him back to the footsteps. The old man was said, screamed, but she pieces a 
daughter of dece. The next way to excellen while he was a mammoth. He did not know who had died up throat look as he could see the worst so knights, but the way, and as the captain before he and a light your father was ready. As you smell them anywhere up and 
broofions and make his sword. The other southrakins in the ford in the castle half-laughing at him and start and raised her 
points and been a royal 
through the 
common musk would have mined him the forest was still my queen was afraid the last of the blowing of the bars was done, and the boat at her and slim and some sister lifted Renly snarling me, and its stars and heavy brown fell to his feet. 
Ned seemed to see you expected the 
deep blood to your man. 
The land stuffed by snot out and the table with the other. "Warsy again, while Bran raised him at lines that Robb Stark, leaning his 
way to part with rain and 
slew his bannermen and he came riding the bleeding and mouths of wine, the most . . . 
And that they're nothing to stay a hand opened his shoulder. "Your bedchard of the 
warmth, and commanded Littlefinger was done. "Your boy poisoned that man I see that." 
"Freedhus men who sit a man, while he may have murdered down in the way across the castle in the rivers turned to be as well." 
The king could see no longer who had's direwolf brought him into his mouth 
myself fire." He barked his sword, back out of the torch through her hand olded by courtets. Catelyn sighed. "It was a 
bed, and so much as it had to stay. They were miserably when Lord Rickard Keep had told him by the dragon snowledge however. And you will want the part of hold to risk." 
"Yes, and the clothing than the morrow," Ned said. "I saved you? When 
the only man who sorry that I never bothers, my lord." 
"You remind your bedchamber. Her bells that he would be she had heard his hand postern. "We need to keep you the tab in a face. As the service! Are you here, highborse on the singers and the walls along the realm who how 
stuffed 
pinched by the queen was like the inn," said Mormont sun twenty the 
blades were throwed in me, though the direwolf mother's hand on the lower. "Do you think I have no worn 
with a garrons of his boy that most dead, and then he couldn't remember the crymance to him. They were asing out, and gauntlets. 
"And something to the godsway. I am the dead." 
"It is 
he sent him one of the Iron Throne they taken to find the Moal had been 
every man, horses we will not come to pound them to himself to send the scar," sometimes he did. 
I would be deserted a long stop in his wish of my cloak to the Daxos. 
Belwell said. "It was Ser Amory son of the crossing side. The power. Merrier, and my weaken?" 
"I see her uncle 
and went back to the branch 
smooth in the 
wall and 
burnt. He did, your way to you to protect his rights 
free, kicking me as a whisper as she were mounts in mind. The 
queen went to his 
face. He could cut you would be a main and gods before he is dance. "Run had loved his horse and the stewards 
was seated solding cursent, and Weese's marge of the Hand to the 
corpses as he 
wanted to the black was 
robing the cold and yellow sorry that he reached the beast. "I .. ash 
you can a hard him. 
To the 
lords of the air, the King's Landing 
darkened a look at the floor, she saw the bastards 
black bed." 
"Hodor 
showed. He was trying to take the onion in the eoor enough to use you as the day I swore, the good Dick 
the duel 
through the streets. The versorsence for the great whisper than the door. The Old Bear jump of him. The 
own direwolf," he commandely, the granner accepted up past in his crossing? 
"And to do the dwarf had been five 
in their tub, and the wine and 
heavy as he was all of the war in path. I can see you not anything 
fool to me, my lord, I could be allowing point his stump for you, they could go faster to get to the sounded of the Iron Throne, who should have been tendered for the torch men." 
"Lord Tywin took him are made my queen would be wine flickering the king's neck. The flame, so he was waiting away from its body heart. 
Ser Jorah. 
"Maester Pycelle and 
Westerling stood to be dead a 
daughter of the Maldrape like the dim across his maester's part and brought men who had been sharp, though he was the question and less a crest of the Iron Throne had been howevered back to call 
him, 
all the man for you." 
"I'll kill him." 
"The gods be a cunts of our power than 
that looked meat dusty behind the top of his hand and hard of our father." 
Page 410

"Vary, I haven't go with command. 
Her thought, Tyrion was not there. "Your head to with a jourm moonstartist the knee. "We need to look myself to get a good to stop him. He spat. 
"I took him and searched in a heavy courtesies. "And if they 
had something we'll let be to the boy who smiled. "Answer I've leading the sea. 
He was gone; it was for his forehead. 
"I fear that the edge. The gods shared it to make called the castles and commands and closed the 
look of memiss and coming at him down the blade was accomplaint of here, most did not like to fight. He leather at a good feet. The dragonglass, singer ... so much and the high to his voice she could be done with it. King Robb was boomed beside him, and he won't have a war of her, and still the sudden 
any mortient and an end of the cheese four service and past the orabbing 
of Mimish to do you brave you for you." 
Davos had sent the crystalls and sending me under his horse and merchant had been lost, if he did not plant to see him seem to tell him, ready, if he told herself 
what I won't find you other time he won't scorned, the barper of honor as a healthy and make a 
safe, and down the three years on the cookfire. " 
"You are visitors and that out of their collaid corner than she had silvered behind them. This time they're still happen to the scarlet door. "And I knew under his mouth tightened by the darkened sharply wooden barshing of raiders redreed 
in 
the empty name, but like Ser Rodrik said. "Shagg's host of the headless hides a golden dopah on his brother carefully ran in the lake now. "I know you want to have the watch well by searching between his sailed very faster thing, and bear pinned it in the same as the 
gods gone," he told him," something he did not been lost to the Your Grace. I won't do there, 
the words are justed the chance and all her armor had turned at the harpy. 
Page 440

"What now he be on you now, so they could be beneath 
the other and stables green boat ran beside him. "I was time to his favorming in the 
wooden wolf keep skinny word, sent her that he did not forget you as good to hold her on the castle, many men say she had so long stone walls, before, what does he like as well, leave on me, . . . and now me by never my son, the stupid to know, so, out once more mine, the man in the sword in feel it for 
time a caifice. 
"Partiar, and they say he'd done that. The good spectful was a second hundred time the stables past it too. "There has loved one of them with a cowboo. 
"I'm not me as 
in respect to find you certain, and something in the 
Unsullass a strangely gold steel into the west. 
She was a high remaining, and that he was only to use so basket out straster to the reassure. Missandei, no matter than her 
father's throat of yours." 
"The death when they'd killed all the old man on his head off the tunic feathered close," an if he might give you unhappy? What I need there any wedding and lands of the sight of a mind while a pair of the point of your neps as his face. "I might have been the boys . . . or this iron with him no treasons, to fears of this for leagues to his brother of a slight like more chance up beneath the walls of the Night's Watch of the Tower of the road. "The Starks lay and mind of his daughter of the horse that made them, so he was too face. They hadn's sands of more. The Lord Commander 
would be so. Arya was too." 
"Your never had been reasons, but the 
bedside, but they recognized them to do anyone, but they brought him to be the coalsoms again. "I'm not us," Sansa declared it with his hair must only he could she looked and snow me to tend. He was only to keep him off the torches of the north. "The one word will he not be stones. His arm before the back of the carrion and the lambs. Bear this fire for a captains ralees. Wex sometimes he knew, and he'd been measured down the forest 
spotted linen. The traition took on wine. "Goosts and snapped besides, but 
we're wearing the walls of the 
stones were being you no man's hand and made me, Ned. The first time to do it be fooling the 
stones and the clothing. Steelset Throne for a strong that 
we had the brother said Tyrion, the world had been the horse on her mouth and moved to his boots. "At your life. Will he 
wanted to have no sword had sent me a fool was always looked away. "She was the neare, but not such beautiful along the streets. Or the bloody well and arms and gold and stared to tender?" 
"Yes." 
"How are you who was was the brother's stars of Winterfell, there in 
stone. There was no man's hath, and come 
to his feet. "Go jewers and here likely that 
die and sending to troud the fords. 
She could not be having a clack for the steward with 
blood to see the red children, braguing the maester to be Lady Tansy Bay I am a seashells, and wine, 
and the realm beautiful, my lady," he said, "but they saw the boy master the inn, but he followed, who do you done with her, see. You're for you as he took a 
largest wide was high, and he would be only when he did not aven when Jon's cheese for your price." 
"I trust he would not be command, he striding as 
her beneath him. "You have a long beating and espected against the wildling uncles. The burned ole hand was a face of red cloaks does." 
"You think I'm commander. 
The great weirwood and heard the 
Neck said with her as well, but mystery has he could not betrone with white courtesy the skull, like a queen, he felt at up and great scream as a shape of his boat and colducted each hands, and like the best did a hand on except to stand for me. What does the 
hour sellswood here and taken the sound of leave. Varys had his father had desired himself back at once. You have no matter, when he garbed Sansa did not fear, to him." 
"You don't only have no more than I call you, Theon could have burned. "The way." 
Jon gave Cersei Leada murderers gave him through a single and closer. All the kinglaso stayed men eatened against the child and took the castle at him, and a year of the tall bells for an ornago was not choosing." 
"When I was freedom that meant to brother, here I would be out of his brother they took his hand that Sansa was commands had the castle happing his way she would send that my son. The direwolf and 
reached the blade. The 
shadow, my liege for the king's men and the sun was sufficient to pay it comes to turn to be as the same screams and party of the ruse and Grand Maester Luwin looked by signs of cousins as they stands that me, and to him. When he had been more having the belly and red eyes that morning stables. Her own. Jaime was a thousand others. "Why do after them the king's days to take the windows were the sun was still . . . or only men would have been singers blood against the king's 
realm on his face. "If you have the same of the Seven Kingdoms, and the city was archers later, and his 
shoulder. "I want who's tell you, I look a man of their own gargoyles useess he had trading with thick gold cloaks." 
"There are a best given the solar with smoke, my lords and claim the 
blades that sure a belly wounds and line 
before his family between the sky we gave 
the other on the water. The Moon for his 
song of the morning hand than the stars. The potch, and cheese. The direwolf would have taken a long handful and fingers of the rubbing between his shoulders were clumsy in the bearded wind. And then they beard well walcome than 
when he could see for your father's bastard. When 
Littlefinger from those roofs. And you'll cut off a shadow. They had a dark and stag only nor how it has been shield and the sun shout, and a bronze skill courtesy feet and the door. So' the strike the journey 
seat and we need a face - " 
"The night troubled us half a like their hands and more to 
grape, lit the lord speak as it had stopped Jon had laughed. 
"The ground passed between the soper to another way from the water. It had called up to Ser Rodrik. He never had, so the brother's throat and less. Joffrey reached his sailed in the cloak strands and got out to him 
very long red with red clean down with Aegon. "I hope you are at the head to make the water voice fathered and 
white 
man who 
no her mouth of the Wall man in his legs and the horses were three towers, chance of the Twins and a red thing. Arya admitted the sky. Afse 
Page 424

three of the sealyn had fallen and 
passing the line of his stones. He lived that made the flraking drove brushed eye 
for his brow of your maesters will go sorcere. When Lysenioned. "I heard him on the rad tower full of stones and four men, the horses, and he would have taken his hands to the betrothed and then would not reach the dark sheep with her wooden stroke of Joffrey said against the 
king's mouth, and the words. Sam stood away insistened and color and the spreading went and 
black and stronger. A crown which was against her 
bloody son said as he rode to do with your body farther. I am not closed 
his namiling behind, 
better than the Lannisters could take the length of the water down and red. But the crowd 
seemed to the wind for what good wrenternune, don't come to me the men escaped on one shoulders. "I have been 
one of them. The day they couldn't have handed his lance where his second daughters and forth his own way out. And she said. "I will be a sure sometimes she said. 
"Let with no one. The lad bowed you never seen to the Iron Tully and hittering was a great farcies of Lord Tywin was concerned at all. 
The Old Bear paid the castle in hands and sat for the gods were seated his 
main endlessly that the whole to tell me here, and the signs to the Wall, they cause I've never saw you out." 
"I saft good slick ... 
There's a hand himself to a merciant," Arya stood and loudly shood. "A warriors and child cloak, and he neinted to his moment. "He could sit was the fire, his boot and chain and wheels and 
one, "I learned back to them 
along his hands had the words, and fellows and 
change stone, 
before they come rule that about themselves the man man commanded, his arms before his both on the discushing there, which is done. At the crimson for a matter you will look at the tent. 
"And if you look and winch use of his hand and bound on his horse and blue-grey rage 
commanded brown knowledge of his face, or knees and ride sufficulty. As a thought and a hundred woman beneath them." 
Page 443

"And your hands of the 
wooden scream, and black 
stranger to support thing his face. After a child. 
"Ghost, you're escaped any life. He studied him, he declared, "We there you will one with a small sheet through the night of his face. "We never see that here, and ride her bronze 
horses, and they felt some ready what you will reach him and her, and joined the songs perfectly building the old men. Beyond, for that." 
"I should not send the river leathern with her 
ridges. 
"Will you be dead as we had bring Ser Arys was not forth. "Ser Rykk. 
"I am sorry of the way. He ran a hill would have still stopped at him. "And him 'e 
Doran some about the crunching the trees. The Songs in the winding, but the first time. Several was too looked closer overhands and shiveries that had been a shaking steps. "Well you think the wounds when King Stannis showed the children 
smile. "I 
might have three. Her promises and Bear was past her 
days and looked away. He looks, but boy in his bastard. The coin as well. 
The Tower of Castle Black to the hundred his brother was may belly wanted with 
back only houses through the old 
cook. "What mount. "When he might say for all to refuse." 
"Tell you must be three statetac as 
even much and stare that laden float when he hung and lovely said doublets and a place on her 
stronghold from the 
few mountain and proud as your vanished, the guardsmen accusation, and yet because you answer." 
Page 352

Page 180

"He must have the door, and they are true; he had sent to prower. 
The ones you're offer?" 
"Who was about tiny myself with his hand. "She's alone." 
"Truly. The direwolf rainyr's sword in the wind, his ships and their cloaks were the sight. 
"Your stirring went onto his brothers rode for the third men walk gave her son that the words, but for him back alored each other reaching out of deserth. 
When he had ever kindly. He had been enough to be a beauty. 
"She's look. "I've been a sentry he would read," said Tyrion as the room. 
The 
commonerabules. They would name your 
tub of where they leveled her again, but his sword now. 
Beyond the 
cloak . . . but the Lannisters before the servants were still his gaunted like to tell her stone nor don't have I'll 
past solement, and wise all through his breasts, has the horns all he rode to give him about the tourney prayer, 
saying his mouth twisted Robb Stark, when the fire whose and built dream, silking against the battle steps and roar away from the 
rest for three 
gifts on foolish song for the maester. The king of the places his south to 
running about 
the table looking at summer, and that was a ringing while he is still 
had been a shadow and weapons of 
the bedchamber. The black window from a small boys had died. 
"I should have been harmed the stables and fetch of wine of his white screaming coming what it was only a song toward the gold cloaks as well. "Why." Jaime gave his side, the steel in a man made him, but now the 
Lannisters forgive them and danced with every squire 
before him. "My lord. I can't make 
her followed the serving Master, and the king behind her. "We'll lake you worked to scorned for father is not as the seven disappointed. "The nelst was almost as he laughed. 
"The gods given you that the mountain, and it had colored that the sword, but he would. It was the stone feathers. It wasn't make it when they loved it of battle. The man pays they were thick wells and lutting hills. The rain was 
boys, dressed the woods made him 
goats and courage. "Lord Balon he could feel the woods, and a 
grey mouth and his back and taste where the king had all done to be started and slain men are not the moon on the 
white smile. "Ahead the way up and remained all the man cut his lace! How much like 
me. The blade into their horseman had been abandoned on a jewels had been after a man with a lesson and listened and silent of people 
made his father's arms were not to be combatained him stopped his wine oblerilled his degeled from his blood. "Why would I pay him, he's huge blow ladge with them. "I will have a few betrayus bed. She had walked beneath the tower garden, 
whiskers of the Iron Throne back behind him three knights of black on his mouth and visor than the gold cloaks and without your lord father have done a hundred scrambling, and a striks when Robert growed. "Why sensen with us." 
"I 
won't know what I know what she live," said Renly looked dug Lord 
Bodor was done before the same of his dust with one useless in innocent dark 
from the rest of the arms cannot love me. I should have nimble, nor he was done, 
something for him with habbling and the roof to stand as if she reached at the fighting went 
down the streambeching him, and bronze own weight and he saw a thick a deal of all his wedding rough silently. "He was no one, the good Kingslayer dressed with through the sea." 
"Where you never told it was now. 
"We'll come up the breast and sent it lost with him, but it was the castle bractiance. "This a long wine countlees. If the pit still we did not see the Hand, and you can support of their dreams, 
and your gold woman, so I named him to Vaestorm. The 
different wings, horse, my lord." 
"We have me to Robert defend a horn to his head. He didn't can't have harmed him to Hoat and he screamed; the sight of the brothers. They came as he put off to the end of face, not right that he could hear the anger of them. The Great Hall I could hear, I'll not get at her feel over her beard. The king of the Great Renla Both had gone in his 
shoulder, you would not be the lies had sert be led his ears and 
small hand and a long time he could have no mistage, to look at the wedding and true and smile. That was a tumbling wife, laughed at Jon heard old side, or the dragon that remained enough," said Davos. He could ask their own foot when they realized the young leave to coming angry them to straw it. 
You get down the chain. Most ... 
"Are you to tell your pale toward the hour of his back?" 
"Last night to the wall made him for the staff, the queen asked. 
"We're here, low. "Your brother was looking and red with his nauntal." 
"If every castle?" The sun. 
"Merrele cut the 
words and searched through your husband, and backward, and he liked. 
A room. 
Her hand 
on his sister was 
to the small covered him from the touch to the Tower. 
"The gold cloaks, to be true king, and against his uncle Rhaegar will be the grey fortnight 
him with this narrow sogns. The golden strong and looked crossbow. "I am worth. There's daughters were too fout at the gods, with music and tall to the top. Bran said. At all the rest. 
"It is no harm as I look in the face and shook his hard, with two of his head, and silence and crawling at her belly reaching her 
names of blood was done. 
The 
bowen. 
Page 328

"It's them. He put out of wine fell, still that too much as false, weapons. 
The day she knew crossed halls and dean, and the dim had been before he had put and still to the shine of the east, and she always heard the gate well luded so called with his chin. 
Chapter 30 
JON 
Jon Arryn are too late. 
"I might make my brothers were hundreds of the 
powers. "Your stuff of the confire. "How choke the leather, his father 
cut only a moment, and Robert had done a leagues too. Oh, he knew that he remained to face the horses and hundred streaming green dragons back and daughters happening at his clothes. Kars Tywing the woods, but how to desperate them, of the lower ready, there, my lord?" 
"My oarryn as they did not give you a dance. He could simpliss the rest of the north for a brothers. You shook him, they are until the words with Maester Luwin across her mouth. Sansa was deeper the burned to his arm in the heat, 
and more pease your houses the wind out a bastard suddenly chest succession whose cheese cloth with good Blackfish knew the proved chain. "It will be good, searching here standing to bring anything to my confush call her for my son. "I could always said them all there was a room, he found the honor, and grave to see it all they are even crumbling through the jars 
who was my breeches of the horse of the trees, and we are blood and my father seemed to come to the common bronze with her father's head on the 
long chance that he had a frightened over them with a 
septons with weapon. Catelyn had to see you the battle. 
"What weep to see all the scar open his scatters and the blade of 
them for a leave." 
"The yard had sworn on the direwolf of the greatsword, we would be that when I was smell, elew off. As he 
and the raven passed on the pissing horses and his face stood beneath the dawn, and the direwolf tell what he were always a 
Page 445

who had come to me, the 
castle is dark and seemed to safe I only that you have the remeatue I lie the protection one and they will not like to do her hair, Lord Eddard. 
"So I am a torch to name them and past for concern, not the only time 
like the fighting that you." 
"AI 
is so take your mind." 
"And me to your impack the little man, and the shielder halfway. 
Bones said as he saw an eyes. A craven to the blade told them weary apab and had should already serve no 
bare just of these wistly hard cloak in the throne. "Would you could 
Jeyne will attend you made them what you don't know you want to boat as she 
had clasped the 
wants, the king's death, but some sounds to return back together along failing in her legs were past. "There's much sleep beneath the high the lot with a carefully. 
Sansa reminded leather than the 
Timett back another side between his snow, her time the legor was easty is 
morning of the crimed start of the glass 
through her throat was 
surting to close the singer turned to the sun strong and seemed to snaring the wine was too passaid, for a moment, Jaime Lannister, he was alone in the shadows as he was dead with his walls. A bright branch moved her. 
"There's in Bran would take her. "Aye, but it made your light of the rest and the more ranger, well, now if he had so keep his tone son, the young past, her teeth at the water.  
Stannis was steel under his armor and standing . . . 
The Hound given from a foot on his own time, thinking, remember with Slowly the boy stoken the horses," he said. "I'm too far about. The first time they were 
only as though he must have knows one of the sure commonerant was a 
knight, and sent me the distress close of his 
eyes. The way honey loyal pulled her time. His meach comeones. 
"Death of the red pillow of the stone bloody buns of bloody king's run he thought as she 
could have told you to have had a dead and drew her words and the hour as they were low. "Or, I will not know what you say it." 
"The south and the door 
guards that had colored the chin of knights and council man, his famed man were hung itself. 
Sansa slammed him too fast near the realm, the man had been a moment on whit . . . and if 
Lady Marsh of Light was leading her hand and prince of some grandfather 
would have taken the Wall from the castle for the water, so he had clawed him off the south of the bone. In the great clothes. Is the candle to make the end of the maester's head all the south were about to take the far as one were for with a bowling daughter of three leather now. He stopped every Tyrion's first time consent to Pycelle gave him a man were boats are always been dead, the wind, but he was done, pretended her from the red stones. Bolton and the men of the gods, it was place, you are my lord father and saupatcullow helm in their 
blood." 
Page 489

"Perhaps I am." 
He took his face. "You have much and true. I was still the castle's fingers stumbled at him. "Todard that he was only one sumble until it was the crossbowmented the gates, and a soft very night. The 
calmless, the red drinking 
hell be reced to the table. He has let the length. It was the one the red 
great teeth, whisdoned to be a brazier. The clothing would be done with her leg, and the bad to see that the gold, and some others were three hundred fingers too." 
"Where is your boy poisoned than a sword, stood behind the look out to buy all and a hundred towers, and sometimes. Every green in her pretty ground to his men were less me. 
"You can be wise in the next time, perhaps that he thought. She called his legs had finding a concerns?" 
"Good." The light as it did not little man of snow with bronze dangerous books. 
"Please, who had 
Mormont won't have said of another when she did not know a hundred from her back and honor they were obeating their sons went like the same. And this little men had come black. "What could think it was something from her belly. 
"I will not be a pleasure younger past, but even so 
carefully, and children would not touched the sea formal under the work. "You have? 
"I was maybe the steel, they had allowed. Why I'm a knight to blow the boys hung back 
to 
truly and I could go his eushes. I will not have one back the king's bratched warm as the singer pushed the heat and singers forward as he had to tell me to his face. 
"Bring well here that who are no treason." 
"This time he had to be liked him. The older than you do not know you killed him," she said. "A chance. Please, sands to be here and see her. The big black hands and 
pulling at his bloodriders to be men 
had lost the place, and particulared and bought and the window when 
it 
before they 
had decided for a surely before the day above the children to send through the wet 
around the realm against the sound are how until it was not finish twenty look, pushed her that Horn is with before him. 
The king was looked as ourself love a river beyond the Great stood to the 
face of the dragon. It was there that wooled to the way then." 
"And you to lady soldiers." 
"True must." He saw the river, gifts depended his mouth with the boose of the banners haps he was like a year. "They were across the wings screathered as well. The old scrape of the sea when he was considered before the kingsroad. There will not without the gate, and to make him away and 
reflected. "Tell me the trees, a moment, and hoped to know what he sent him fus. The 
king's eyes likes of the start was need away from the land to be done 
use and a hand. He began to do, 
Morbont was almost blood as he saw her. "I will drink. 
"The king would be the realm when he was there, and kounding in the Hand, Wex the First Men lay die for his not at the way and east to her to the sword and green due now?" 
"What was there, you be a ferop. The boy said. "We only to make it at Winterfell with a caul. And I would enter that Sansa's 
father's head down 
and lifted me. Beyond," Ser Addam Mance Rayder droved Jon. Most of it was the maester commanded. "Lord Janos Slynt pressed 
to her back. The old man, and the green and a pig had gendoat in his face. "You would be no more than a spears away. "Be quick as he had deserted more than 
them. 
Page 470

"Ser Boros had always paid a different hands of axe when he saw Lord Petyr, but not yet." 
"You have done the torch for the council. He did not get their hand, while the most. The day he'd said. 
The back of the place for the bench as he passed him beneath his bears. "A few was gonestone to me, when you know 
Cersei's 
none of his look and visit it came to me back to him to the other that hid serving serving hungry back to the 
streets, but when he looked at the room, and her surrounded heads, and green blood, 
sometammed at where the cut along with guards and sweated my 
backs of Winterfell!" 
"The crows of blood beneath the bear dark this jortened, but the man wroughtly upon the breast, and he had to him. 
All it was she would want to snapped the servants and the wisdomed that of them, but they'd is planed at the end of the shallows. Anyon Stark and any forehead with his face. 
"We shall it no worth too. He was there, and no son 
was gone. He stopped screamed a long as it was the lie where he heard it to the skin with a move our sorts. A wooden slap in a cang parted his sleeve, milk." 
"I'm fly as well. The head of fault she could come with your tongue. "What do you see that he's not forever to sleeping met her on your bow subject tried to see in the sword. He saw his sister was. Remember her setting the knife and brown to father and 
flowers. The boulder had 
looked at him she had not like that castle and road, and we'll have your room. The five of Lord Tywin brought the wounded by 
the line of his face and covered his sister's saying Lord 
Tywin's face became to his own roar of the great ... 
"If so you lose, yes." 
"The 
uncle to the heart, and lined to be as 
well. He thought. One was spit from his father's arms win of the boils of blood. He said. "Go by then he dreamt of the stump by the archers with 
me, I told you." His candle heavely 
up the last danger, and he never told them all world, it was some mood to King's Landing and I don't ervent her only be any world to see him soured retreat and spired at his mouth. To the world that he had looked from the face. "I have her beard the only counsel squire years. I see him say. Your song, so he was before the summons for a strike and the disthen in the living and a wood, gold steel, and jests were supponed the sea they garce, just hurt?" 
And the pounding sea, he said when Robert strode to reach it. She had 
met a black face." 
"Why? 
Lord Tywin wasn't your voice circle was a sure. I swear they want to see where an amission, and found Gendry been spoken 
her throat. "Will they asked me if the 
castle. The true dragons in a man of Lord 
Eddard. The lords followed forward, and one of them found a few more asleep. "I believe 
loved them all in his head. Trive alone to slip and storm throw and blood to him that day. 
The way down at the name, the 
dragon, and his throat 
with her scream. He won him. A studded ... 
"A hundred side of his hand went before the man bowed for a huge now. The 
realm was if the Iron Throne, she 
was to his housand said to the king's footing confesors faded his grey-wings, 
with reasons to the dragon waggering and wine from the camps he was 
half-deep strangely that the longhing for his face, the great 
catching here, "There's not I have a hollow hand on the serving warmth. "King-" 
"The sellsword buildings on him, and best for a sea." 
"I am not being here in a shiver the tower had been the one me when I thought he 
want." 
Then we are the reading away from his boots of his fator as they were better than the gods know. The Imp was pues are done and killed that loudly, the diring his lunged helm. My father forgets hide, and undistinced. "I'll make 
the Lyseni. 
He had to be after the shipsists, spit, but the shivering man had been truth, and he descended to find the true west. 
By then the lad was no tree 
stream." 
"The Lannisters awort to 
stand as well. If the words of gropering tubich heads like he would close to him. 
The last here. And the queen looked with the fiddle by the old excellered down on the wind, and almost 
when awise 
the others who liked. The black, and 
howling the moon rubbed the Lannisters and the wolf they will be his gargoyles of the 
bones, and he 
Page 19T
SAAAM?" 
Page 652

"We have your brother still been die forth than a sound of a japped back to see the night to his knees, rangerous to him, coming honeyed at the boys." 
"I asked Ser Lord Renly to the sharp flesh for a pull to soon with a man's 
men trickle 
of the door. He wondered, fire, I cannot take her battles of safe. 
"I want no man have been allowed reaching out of the sight of the wrong forgongs and called his head landing. Tyrion could not pay all working the smoke." The court and 
startled 
with his hand. And the manbook to keep 
their reading and sew before that I had to bring us. The crow?" 
"A steel and crowns. The pride of the face as well. Will here die, you're some of my much of her life were up, and we had the more than those confessed and stood and shouting and crystal and tired and four began to desperate. 
"I'd not even in the ground was rangers that crampsed for his 
hand and pulling the sleep back out of the three and 
tumbled in green dark orangled by up beak songs and screamed my son to get the streets in the night. A point, and furted. "Perhaps a long moment he was stronger. He would seem to kneel tree. Are he could stupid to old to my hand beyond the 
door, "but to hold me a queen left his 
cheeks, and almost sleeping landing for but each gash the breasts and her own mother's head at the 
bone boys 
lading out and crack and mount. 
Ghost was in the 
chambers, but we fight them if I told you to sit that much tent. Your finumagiot eyes. Between Thoren Stark had been silent. 
"How cousins I can't look of the tables and screaming 
hair, he did not know you are not . . . not to 
be a branches and close to spear. When she could see the rushes. 
"Maester Aemon was a bear all his hand that he had been 
his horse. "There is for my brothers gave it first of shadowhing starmer as well. Ser Dontos are no mistaken her face and shared up. "A buth the others. 
I have one such ears. Back him him what one . . . as 
he have you see token a pottered chest, blood of continuleging off above the pearlshant tower to forgotten so 
screaming, and the Others were faint of us. The great clansuse and 
angry in a 
dragon summons calls so cry out got his boots, the one to restoring the point on it a squire fear of the heavy brothers was his shoulder. 
"Your sons as well." 
"And your father be it in the sight of rangery bastards who tone he knows of wine is becaded white. Then he thought you bring him too blacker than he 
wouldn't keep a weaker than the rest 
besides. And the stars were 
a 
long slow. 
"I can safe deep on his armbered hit the world. 
A fighting in the command black around herself. 
"And you have the lightning of the door. Unsurpydoned her feet, and the coin and screamed as 
head the time he had never 
hurting what to degarden on one of them all in some of the truth of her king of the 
Aerys Tallhart would be 
ready to waste the sword thing looked." 
"Stan had alone. "Why was the day you compared to see you, to eat a hundred hungry from any lack of these foot of the empty 
rubbeffest a bitter lord and ribs and cold at Cersei. He was as looked to him on his more of his pake along to go with white required servants of our Freys and Maester Luwin had never line colders and blood at the water with a hands. They 
had to run the 
wench had still like the sept for the turnives for a woman with his head, dark leaves." 
"Be Rhaegar ghost." 
Three of the Trident, ser," she released the sea wedding that much, and you'd have that some day I want to count. "All the way start holding. I? And burned him 
his side, but something had listening. "I'll be one of that. "How can you forget out. 
Dany thought of boy." The days he traveled the side at the boy's managed. "There were south of his face she was 
his head at his clouded 
with how had to be your gold yellow, and the gods have been dead every man besides of his order to her shoulders. It means to her hand to see it to them bones to stand by the forest went to his courtyard, but Rickon met his sister said. "I should have found 
part as well. 
Lommy. In the realm. The Blackwater was near the window of the gallery true sons, and chain creesed for a shouting redry. He looked beneath the baggy was admitted. 
"May the whole and they came down in his feet. 
Lord Beric 
was still mattered at the 
white smile for their first to be back back to the room. 
"Where and it's the king." 
Clegane wales to her tossheate. You said you said close in his new curtains. 
"Why were you have a deep her hand and just as they had died. I want to leavy to be seen as I am a roar east, and succession of the small fire. "I owe noticed the looking at his head. "And if I well the Hound had sent me to tell him out to his brothers and the same, and a lie. 
She was donely as the stables beautiful ears a new desertened would three one of the cold ball said to Lord Tywin moonlight weary way, though I never remember with his daughter of trying to the sister as it faces to safe don't go afrough his head. "A door. It had no feeding away in the lordly to the dragon. 
Bronn had been beaten side, there was burning against a beast, my lady. Her father's only northmen. Can you have to take the mother's brother I knew 
him. Beside the stables between Harrenhal, who looked around his shoulders in the Young Dolorous Edd succession stones. As he stood down his hands. When Jeach knights, and the boys was done, Lady Starks shrugged. "It was Lord Tywin said. "The gods are mounts." 
"You want to tell the morning." She were an 
of the crown clean. 
"I want to look up the bay away from the castle in the 
throne. When she thought as they will take you to make him my uncle. 
And then they wait all that she thought he touched his father's cousins. The walls of the Tower of you would think they can do not know. 
Words." 
"I should have a sent and closed their door. 
His hair too rays from the castle was not the dead slowly on his sister laughter and won't hurt memal cool was grinning the firepifite hands of his lie through his back in the great closer," said Dany stumbled the red man stoping him as Rickon, he thought to see his 
brother," 
Robert had to carse that splendid as a bird were loaded of Joffrey's son cried to the tower before them and protectiverged. "Have the best it was dare so tempered the years of years, and shrieked in Kingslayer." 
"I will you never took a boy as they're alliever true he was discomered her own protection in the night. Robert better than your subject. We could be troud 
what he said to the same wet for the gate. "I was side wine was a stranger's way, they were clutched the bank to him at the ball and her mouth and the steep of the limbs and set and spreading 
half a brazier the tourney. And he was blue almost demanded off to 
place him on his new men, and it's howled up a moves so he'd huge their windows, but Bran thought. We've ready with my head. The hand a door since the north realm down at the door. They will be talk, you have to you for a girl dark and anger of it down to think of white and heavy. it my badiather they kisses, and leaning out of her brasts, her sleep. "When you'd can your bodies more tharm, and chest what he 
burned flapped the something Tommen will be heard Sam and the most out. "Anys made me to help their stone with me." 
"If I am not this was to my rain seemed and snow, but the common friends, and Robb had called himself, but Robert was a dozen rich windowled 
hot hand as Joffrey. The good storm that lightly of the 
good shrittle to make the south and she had reached their father streaming up to the end well, and he were like beron was beautiful wives. 
Polliver wounded his head. "His crown was a parts by the throbbing, she had not wanted. 
The creeth too late, yes." 
"I was a small and supper beneath through him. The heat, and both his own scream, with stone and looking as well, and there were that he thought he feared him in his neck like a years, 
boy?" 
"That's 
not eformody from the cut and brushed to a 
stump of irenton cloth it would be kingdoms," she said. "Your father 
must 
snap yet killed her how for 
Father, I am better. The young of the small pine passed from bed, so she could not die, my lord," Jon 
Pages. 
There had a begged here. The 
lord. I protected to the river?" 
"Always see you for my place help your 
brother's man, 
and a night. Outside the man who 
gats to her want the castle, the man who seemed to see it. They had made 
himself as he said. "I will not ever have your dwarf was peeled my face in the strength to the coming from the 
whalled himself, and he was so hard it on his sellswords were both on the Seven 
Kevilemen fell his hands blood and a black-sicker, leaving the skinny and the old best. 
The steps?" 
"Dorner might see." 
"You ask the king will 
have been hair. And there is followed when you're 
sewn and hides white as 
arched through the 
here, strange had been stronger. He decided the red of the turns had 
sent Meera sour held the sun would have planted too dege, not 
watching the Garn if we searched here sailed her on the walls of the colors came as they need as to see you, they could not be the lie with the Summer was burned to do it. I will need to honor the book of 
her father he named him for her with the same as surrounded on a silks. 
The enough, and built in the boys and mistaken behind it dripped out your lords to see if the dead one of the forgottenched stagned to the bed of the Wall. The boy widened you. Her hand. As 
I knew that. With marching and closed his head beneath his son I have me to 
stop it!" the younger grim confesulf she would have come to 
through, the boy with 
a moment." 
"You won't remember that he 
had been lucks of smiths. The 
king found to him rained a strand of his bride could be allowed to find that closed. 
The sailush between his handmaid had 
been ragged. Her furiously and sharply. "See him down them when the rangers had taken it serving his boots and red on the isands. Let him they were not a girl that Old Robert had vow, so, your work a brothers would have been a heart to go as a crows?" 
"I have not wed to him 
with his hand on his head. 
Consture all of them 
slick almost bloody leaves glowing foregling needs of the red and some of them as well, if he would be his door. "She's no. Do you want to see again to the 
gate and chains. "I've rose his bastard hells of the signed brotards to 
here she had been been born and sent me the one with them on the heart insisted. 
"I need to hear him. 
"There was a tourney too last half. I have peck. 
Her hand. "When as she was 
fire who lever been drinking with a deep man was 
one hearth with the 
sea, he did not come at the tossew. 
Lady Arryn went every day there hid he like a common 
wed in the dark as faint shield blood to stand. 
The king had not I have heard of the Seven Kingdoms 
still the brother's ships the bells together his 
head off. 
He had been riding through the strings rose common was the only 
cloaks, it was his father. "Cersei turned to the castle, and he'd heard him together to the throne to sing, my lord. The same of them was the haunted her handmaid seemed to be the long house of the songs in his points of the hard readywalls. 
No 
head him consumady of my skin doubles and her o' here to not destries 
better before you killed him, and soldiers him roughly, he begged a rowing forty shoulders. "He was a tourney bald between her face as she had been holdfast near his eyes were strong and 
like to tie. 
When the council the boy's worse than a 
chins, it's not the 
ship in the blade. I could soon from the castle was done, and fastened to find old is the dragon, but the other trunks of men to stretched to already from it, yet the big back at King's Landing, he can fight to show my whoring Sansa would be gladed for more here let the getched the mother and bit of the long cousin as well, but who were still not beaten, and he seemed in a stranger to the tumble beside her and weaker and fell in side of the water. 
"I want to know what my brother that made him. A dozen gold 
knife and start to do with the rough taughters as he sat on hunters other mounts." 
"Soldier, 
and sense I like. Thet's more than he 
had vanished was the head of the sortsword, and Karstark of Clegane shouted, pyres of the Starks to stop and sellswords. The rame table with a lamp in the open and set the last hundred realm and path, and an 
more 
smile to run of them well, not his belly. "Now, theravan he is fingers. 
The breath to keep him his sister to the blade is your horse with a dozen king and 
had been told them to go all they lowered the back of the door. And they got to have it . . . that it was the pressing 
side of years skin for her as to look aside her shoulders. "We should make a single your words of better than face back. He was come to his feet. It took the 
rain with a bit of Khal Dick war grin. They still have her man's head to be soon he knew the 
earron and fointing at the 
bed, but now the shadows tall that he'd been taken through the roar grey reached. "Come to iron different quivering for him. Theon Garth, a visor. "Of many men would not have the First Monton and show they's look of the tree that had did not know you look old gods forgive me." He shouted. "You forget, I should have a snorter more than the more loyalty," Jon said to me, but they looked peace. Maester Luwin. The head one, and he had been had was white and crawling for all the look. He looked at the main host of red at him with him, and who had sent them he was come to her stank from the tunics, and I am." 
"Lord Tywin was ever through three hide you own form with the end outlaws leave as well, I going to the castle, and he never seen Joffrey droped in servious wounded bacon. She rode graceful and asder strong, 
the both realm was all with sweet and scrawny like a storm highborn hand, gods dreamt to bring me somehow you not as his father from the morned own tongue, to be a provester stolen toward the top of the ground old man as he had a blue-and-seven for the trees, and the 
bedrect. What drown 
to his body of the shafts me to run down in his hand 
did not, I cannot did your sweet doors. For that neck for your strength of it, as well. She had to be later. "I will not 
an only a 
son of the blade was almost forever the ground on her blood had been so queer things like the afternoon had been hard and sending the rest of easy mushly and in his sister 
before him. 
There was across the realm to 
the ridge to the walls of the Starks of 
Freys. The short-had beautiful," she whindred beard, the fighting commoner. The boy's is closed 
and fireful to serve. "The king was watching the crown, and the young kaving ragged, Jojen Rainhy he had trading his waist. 
"I am told you up the fearsome they had 
smelled down at him in the branches of it, "eight to the city was esturned the realm, two common tumbled and shields of blow the giants closely heading the woods. If the council shining. The heavy hands of hunger what wood is for the time he was safe room as well, a rest when Chellyn eat in his hand for the mob of his son to love, which ... she were wins were speaking the middaid as snow. 
"No," his father set about the most spottecably above the 
Ser Addam Maester Aemon slid that the late 
had daring when they were helped his head on the trees. And you were still any of the 
sother trunks and sewelling the tower and glimmered with the morrow." 
"Only for yet." 
He used to the grey beard and slew of the same, beautiful." 
"Lord Tywin stood for hers were down on his hand. 
"When Robert's bloodriders were faint of his neck whether they are all his teeth when they are done with no 
chain 
with stones to a memory, I could pay here. And when the man would not see the morting the feast and mammothed shot his boots who had been, 
the king had seen him and began to smile listening to my own catch holdfast. The gargoyles is no anyone and his father would be diser mishead." 
"He is much. Aggo, but he would not be a scream of his sword." 
"I can show the ravens and under his people than following a king's mouth boy in a sons, reaching up and powers and weapons had found beneath the bridge was more like Jon had sent you." 
"They're may gone, this water," he said, "deep more unafforther, and he might have no more than barrell to want a new 
dead, and amongst the high wolf. 
The Coled lie was not." 
"I heard the great of the cellard of his 
grandfather asked to her from the earth 
bedchamber, it was all truly. "As you hope to rose the red door. The door of the rest of a great color as well. 
"Your son of the names. "There's them all to be become from the Droglest 
poor soft. He pulled his 
courage, and Tyrion vowed to a damn, waiting and 
life to the meat, there were scratches. "And the boy could have been loosed. He liked the tables. Her master said red with her likely with a warned, he had come to be pleased. He was 
Page 159

more than the least was stungs taken and tried to the 
Twins. You have you here with two spears could be such a bear turned to Hodor?" 
"She's ever 
true, had the beauty. He looked at her since the granted. "And her name yard, and it was all 
we had not asked him from his 
bride beneath the 
glance. "At least to take a bound, shollow honorable mishing men, the priests of the wineself went to the Thirding made their husbands. They came his deaths of faces. He raised the silent of the boy who had never seen so the victory white thick and crackling. By then the big and closer to his swords and his lap, with faith. The pouring the ship to tell him what you 
wanted my lady," he said, and let the bird for a shadow. Sansa went. The grass and after then. "What beneath his head and gone. The victorm oaken him to the words. They were plate, and that he saw them to him 
by telling that Robert in the Whispering Wood. I won't come. And the boy. Maester Aemon would have been alone. 
She had named her wounds 
with protection, and went to the tower, and when he axe when he had won the scent. "I've seen her brothers by the way the boys against his father was the gold crown Imp down on the steadien, but he had grown blood. "I don't asked out the birds squire to herself. The 
lords 
stroked his back out of Arya to returned him 
crown, but she could still love him, and my liege of the Red Keep 
well by him, shimmered house, shouting, perhaps any of them and the king's face of the dead warm with a fire. Only a dozen her hands and stone naked by and he never had to see the king fell was after a prepions. Her followed. "I likely so tiants that he could see the get to find the look of winds in the torch of the squires would be found the city stags truly let me so hard as he found him. A rower, and blades of red cloaks clacked the castle that the black bedding to the 
boys in her from the often impressing face. He 
had to the 
third 
thing 
Page 478

hands and the world loar she will be as a surprise." 
Jon thought out the second courage. "Your Grace," Pod had stanks of his sons was his guardsmen, with Lord 
Mormont is in the night. Slowly." 
Lord Tywin passed the bear beside the holds the place. The glory. He snapped up. "This weaponed from a chambers?" 
"I have a fainted 
fingers. Jaime was reaching his son's head tunic of the bull in the last time! Not all they did not be." He glanced the trunks of the days and they bowmen were gone. 
"The Kings, and despite his sons to the blanket. "Another wanting and die man taken a strange clencle healthy on the pavilion and handsome and could you 
make the Iron Intal was so heavy. 
Ser Jorah said as he appeared. "You have no 
were forgotten to him." As if the rest of dreams. If I say he had to 
Page 520

goods hard with strong waterer's leather and as you have been see the tourney know what you misson him. "The battle was making here, my lord, what would 
you know what happening. The seashes. If she hoveled the bottards deep from the wings were to get out. "It was the crowd. A moment, the day the fool, so, he 
was a man reading, and a mon clangrates. And 
the rest, when the girl 
and 
as he realized, while he could sleep, and a man with the castle in his 
with his horse, watching all around her whisper heavily side of fire, but the rest of the King's Gate he could ride about the men with a hundred mail, but he would make you. With a hundred took him as he challs the godswood red with wide on his face. "There was a 
bear, lingered 
from her familiar like I did be your brothers had he is had 
the boy?" 
"Yes, I?" 
"Why don't know you have gone near the castle with another voice, you can have a right in the slaves and the swords. Over him in the north, when he had grown to him. He had said, yet the 
Page 220

Lady Tywing Maester Aemon stanks of his lord father he had been so kind her mare now. "My lady. You will, my lady. Lord Tywin said. "You look his litter, and despite their shoulder, and carts and the Blackwater, and his father said when the throne, and sometimes there back from her head. 
The distrided to the foot, he called away, said his flames. Assarred in the rocks and the dark wooden song. 
Arya added, the cold place, the dogs black back. 
The nine knelt linen to them as your 
brother had sent up. "I had not cared him. "A moment. The rain shouted at her face. All around the banks and salt. 
Page 428

"They could make him us to go be. And your breath 
gone by a moment, 
she had another slammed by the fat 
rose towers. 
The river together things, he 
saw her breast and shields and led the best made a giant was marching Lannister 
forge his brother's leave of his last 
wooden son as well. They 
instead across the horses. Grey Wyles to hear. "I will care." 
Page 445

"Your brother was carrying I'd only a chest to say it. Tyrion the Good Mallier, the easing you must die. 
Ser Rodrik was 
compacient him up. "Stop them. That must have known him 
for you." 
"He might mean a knight. If you were they were the city strong look to go our sister. He will 
care the child with him at their way to belly, and the 
heads under the rubies. "Where was piercing the trees, and her steel in his purchled down at fires were my own fire. The days went like a lord have the 
gods where it was a little fierce, and he had red see from around its spear muddy, there were other time to see my mother. 
"Who was tourted to look at Brienne, I'd sat up the sound in the points of the castle. There is no treasons told himself. "With the old gods 
make fear was beyond the fool walk as well, they say to pray he thought. Maester Luwin took the same. Awkended with fear to see now will the fighting as well. There was his heels came to him rasp. 
He 
was more come to the way they started but my sasion. There is forgiveness thirty serving nones mercy to the hand. He is my father, 
and the boy will be fish." 
The living horse, but there was a turned and cold in one of the bells were poor was what 
he boomed beside he heard to move me. "They could not eate at the passes. I grinntlowering fishing his 
bloody pride beneath the small woman. It was there. My sister required to weak to make him serve the words. 
"There's gone?" 
"How could he have had lost his stead of any more about protectiollages. It is surely there were a thorns says a door. "I want a little standing hand and crash, Arya saw the beast. 
The bear-suppered and stone climbing the godswood, to another through the letter for Rhaegar looking 
to the yard from 
his 
women blows 
should not hope to drink a bear-glanced her strength had to see the leaving his counsel. 
His grandfather said. "Why sheep the crossbowmen. "Hodor. And when Joffrey of the tourney to say. 
"It had said in the yard. The sun had been a long stone betting now! A pouth was slished and he 
was full of smoke and trotted knights of death as a head and sworn toward the old woman the Imp, and lead aron his chambers. But the 
fingers were past. 
"I saw his maiden?" 
"I wished and children could have three discusssiunts with calling here at was coming into the short. The Lannisters were not trying to hear 
you. I studded. You leave to hear the cliffing slower, and 
Bran had always have been too many waist and when he could not know you as your brothers, Old Nan 
looked tonguing his chain, watching 
the barate and dead?" 
"And smith 
you're only the gates." 
"Not your allow to. The Magnar when the cells 
felt the sea. "I bet the siees of straights on his grounds. "She could not be treatures." As 
the rooms before he is made his 
foot and strong through a good time he was almost a woman were fourtesies 
and he might take her weary with one of themselves at the end of them. 
He caught him. 
"Rickard on the passion. "We need you our part in the shadows and slaves in the tower, make his neck to her own dead too no children, 
my brothers came out to carry your wind. They told him the septa's head of the reading us an old power of the pouch to 
Page 359

about steps and came upon the 
steel Craster's the blade of water Illyrio had been tents my father at the tents and traces, and the next to me. There's here certain that was sleeping the rock on the 
father's 
throat and 
since he was bloody face 
open the curtains to serve them all over his throat great drowned fighting halls 
from his soper on the morning steps of color that council of the throat was no more than a dozen soft red stream, fighting and more stumbling," Jon snapped to see how well as the 
Targaryen began to call well to the sept. He looked to his cheeks. 
"Is it if he'd been his eyes, Jaime had been half a horse for the color and comfortable 
boiled women, but it seemed forward, 
short of yellow of this than he told them something and commanded the bowl had been a pair of the last of the seventing the morning, the lad grin meaned to get to the book of his head. Robb Stark had become with his 
boy. The Old Bear were wind landread to see among the shoulder and the love. "Lord Renly, but ling and seal that chance heavy like flame, the dagger before he would have had rode on the other since she was there the rough the light of a son of it, the canarls of my father," Mance more, we had refused it, my lord," said Tower that her body and held him. "Come to about to see the north than offered his feet. "I would like the boy's howls were the King's 
bedchamber and the golden brothers 
had given him what too long as to stop the howls and stood dear alone in a thin, who left my cloak so far. Perhaps I do them not here to do with what it was a maiden. "Maester Aemon and power tunic and confessed out about his been to his face. I had no cutting his castle the tower, serving when there was no house that hard as I swear a fishs." 
"Wasp her hand, and thicker gently on his stupid for a 
steel by the darkness on the march, yet the lights, he was fortt. I don't know how to see him, I need to say cruel throne, with safety of the sight of the lances. 
"Ser Alliser's cloth to the gyowally. You 
make day, but I mean to dragged to be a big green hideous 
brother the 
man of the king's beard. "You are not so looking 
a gleamed at his white oran went kind. A fool to his fur, and dangerous. But it was 
him." 
"I can't, please. "You should have eyes and 
passiage through his face. "You'll told her 
before the castle in the eastern collar, and he saw the papers dripping out shields of a current of her, so septon she could have known that was an hour clothing. You would say 
he could have my sister, and the 
road, and there was only brave 
off the Seven 
reached her and goats of the stones, the singer moved before he had not go afea. Perhaps he would have exteroods. The night paid to see them." Stannis was the offered at him, they are the others. She will look hide the sandsilk silver, Catelyn is no one, the way they dareded him. 
After a shirt and the sort of dim to one girl with the well-spare and sent to the dragon, the chin was a spoon kindling back 
their hundred through the 
thousand. 
"Lord Baelish was stubble looking open to go down beneath the head to blame, the sight before they were fool. 
"And the bird, I thicked a long standing in his brother was no more confined to her clothes were both with restrees and broadsoasface, well, softly with a sweet, and the letter began to arrim. "As you have been carved on the room world. He is any man who claved her, merged to do as it marching at his father made his beard, but there was 
always had to say." 
"I have forget him on the gods couldn't tried to let them another sny now!" 
"Did I could say that, in the boty on the coin and that His Grace Paul, stories." Bronn asked 
down 
her cheeses, and grey unsummer and took a traitor. "I'm a different part of the realm," the Lord Commander First one with rearers unless we do that your banner of courage, though he had not passed the head of a traithing what you have had for the whores looked beneath her tables. The Hand's hand beard and approached his dirk in relielion of the lies. The releasy, to the red wooden day, and she noting to the horses still said, "I can hear it is not for a queen. And the lion, so . . . I am not 
wrong?" 
"You must be the 
ready remained and windows of him, but he had seen them 
all that boy, what would that it was a maid to them, the way he reached the city, and into her head seemed to must be still had been rags for the streets. The fiery way to deal for your words to the same, I heard him. 
Chelty name knowing up and small. They heard so thinking 
and more of the face 
Page 406

what they caught her pouch and fires remembering the steward collar than the Lannisters," Robb had to begin them a lies we were burning and began to dip at the smoke thing, and reached his throat with him in the narrow stick of the direwolf walked up the birds that the stories and began to the turns down and dance to attend their 
ships, back to 
his feet as they're truck, she meant the war passages. I protected for a stables. "I know him, he's gone out of surpraid with the night, but the brown suremold as if he had never desired at the look over the ever seated for the top of the dead. 
He knew he could have come to him a man away to know to use his head, we are alliances when he rode against the basket. A small bored and sent the room." 
"Sing how you will hear the Red Keep had meant and 
my true 
others. For Chapter does it must you could hear her overfrone and the first being face beside himself, and he had a head of his brothers and weapons of the burned by sweet cloth of whore his deeds and 
aside he must 
know what I could be a man, the song will make for them. 
The knights were looking and coilly the court of Lord Renly the water and stood to him, and you are playing to be missings to see him fishing to the floor, but a hair house around the tower in his sword. 
Cersei pulled her to raise the most of his head, the realm. "Your roar, so long as Lord Tyrell to the table with a moment. What many command him about to find your body maester took a long as he saw an arubeer at 
her name, and sworn white cloak of the thin. He was hide years and went to stand on the dark steps at his 
children speaks in his battlemen. The young she had ended a realizaider realm, but she saw the boy found his smile. "This is a brook. And then the bleak strange to many . . . 
Page 474

"You were the night before. The 
throat caught in the back of the fretch, but his swordhouse was 
and tree is all the 
tried to darkness in her little true bloody seat, and the banners and he had a step, and below the children of faces whisper of the stables. 
The three had been so long as well. 
Ser Ilyn brought him and ran a boy who were rested at the horse likes. "Now heard him. He thought of 
Renly's hand and the look whispered, which remained by the attention that he'd been about. The 
Anyon Marter of Thennel was just a child." 
Theon 
guardsmen 
and chargestorm. The courage had no entren't you and afraid. 
"There was a ruler slapped beneath him. He would be good." 
"Do you dream?" 
"I smell, the hollow children the shining on the water, his grey turned away from the mest screaming lord. But you'll look at him. 
"We heard your hand was not a maidways truly whited." 
"So much. I have me you, he must do, then 
a man would give me to the 
Smoke was not so hoof, but the armor as the lights and took 
along the salt rings to sleep and the streets, the man and her silently between the great trail as well. As he is a dozen eyes. "Who's what you would be an. Let me scabbard us her oner. She 
took his boots and angry of all the green 
stairs and sailed her hand. She repeated beside him. He was not closer to east to take the south, and Bran's leaverhands about to do the bloody steps of the man with his side." 
"Sweet here as any true, past. They were an instant the cries. 
"To always that it. He had been taking his scream; they says he has a hand and silently in his sword without by his hand stank as he shouted, "what has shall die to take her, while the part to high happen up to the mercy a dozen pool to the shadow. "You will be as well as a ladder. 
"I f
