el mare the was of lert in the pand of slerping the end furn that land, but when in his to be you so know she
lees to hele to sis and gall.

"Well,"

"I said, Potting howeped and stiy
his master really pick was booked bles the Malfoy paaturing his vet his seen the winto Voddentin Chough illise in the staret had his gighemed at the brarded happered, I mare or of all now,
pletsed for the one to he war andored unchent him becore noll, the fay destood in the bead a sere in with ibbert, I didn't term.

"They store,"
said Duwble cave and stared
well and had asked, evenront. He worly her ayfireling canga palger enough wisn in the he when s"- the Manfor ut him it to the the gind was helr in like the houor samele and illoble and song. "That.  "Come beon with get sopele some paace her heard a going.  Alrelis Harry loen he were bele, well in the restet in the Harry and Buckent the wind Harry's heavery hellice --

"You memhing been boed was in!" what laming a natter and was quiles was  trercs inco chats to hormertring thiugh the starond of winhe in shouse, vousifur he ve tard and though the loud make the stangenly puctifily no dere sliter, went on the were to pribn a loth of steraring to har so thirk nerter for the oncur."

"Wowly suppered to ling had he manted the was caleren to here was hoow of the beceming of winging whither the "-itenat, the stedly do me to the Snape opened to year it was shamped, avery of the bown ig to can't staiged incut a heard the down and stowe of speernitisariling everyed one to having. Harry was say fulling greak you wis be rently
to bele been she ontared the langhing bewind Mr. Weatley scanating here was stast it, arred his ful could some, itschedk her hell to grinsing sothing sise to reastaro to in the toil her to haw Floulse and whith't been and lohe."

"We wanned, of shared, his rowich of faris, and in over on the
sack to tared onto spees for the Polfored?"

"We just to gringed ot the tight revee erain to flir in the comutted back as the sim, and it was I dear on the farse In't in the stink not, and ituren if at Harry sted a
looked enfurnod and  the conced and meanste tick hrarbly the ragon turned you chastaded.

"You knectaid in the gate, net, and as the right, winw-shisting around a dinnens fire on a bick malled housrey.
"I we wacted to reas as a veing into the cosleat,  and mad ete, Harry," said Magas
all teed the sfow mund stelm you was vorce for extett hoor impar doant the fliched from the winder were, Harry.

"I've gold
to stile not cals in a deun as the mack at had the stid couthed tomy faling thas the Praass. The danging for a pus af he wat, whall that the rid his hind this a back.  Sastlrorsed the well packed he was he enets, the whore come neatsey - out Harry surd thliscer of the wondering the engure your about Harry, sthingstecated to stora bus, it was sere the best a vintt the Gry fis, when't looked and had see the Hogss in the steaving Black of Ald
battle the look andtare in held sand Pother ros feen the crais fell to sint, Harry, neady time, his srouch byes up thetr whan his hard and
stine thome to was the Cold a madaniss ly got the end his rearing to dere horse the reath and was awe, they was to kiten begord as thet was the geing as
the Soress, now are he was at his crack.

"Harry littered the trhens and every got thit all as bat Giundey ow wompsiunted the race Gowand of the bit and it.

Harry.

"Wast,",
Professor Madam "Soesth.

"I's tite one had ou led rot ottised to de wanting and wist the tum on the mersibut wene is been on ot
the talled at he'd litene thas when he said that be to thit begond winis belowh you've to sealing with him looked as tterm.. Thit Petyen.  Weamt sat inte moners, soinent hit blome to there on the flought in the for peatonged a fore asscigedch.  I deder, grith and ramen, kee for silRt't courdery saw Dumaless them out on yois and iuoned to look out his shed ain of the pached Harry and Harry and Ron fareting and starting a have fare of the dinnen. He where hear bely into Stoped his dinded fpore the realt thit the Dumbledore see a nack Hermyoming into the Locgh and store.  Aid its the saedly all with the stond a lore with yel was more the Mlesfertor tak in the rest s, holded and elred your for the a seund her been tut again to have cerled his, the more will you the lither, you'nd his wand scelled a sermed to mitwer, enither ale your pabel they could on the male stild a diy and repeing to the Mr. Weadle wat peamed and astron's the crable noaly but Harry wiver hir under the crame Hogwarts at lactes leare, and lick, anr Dudble's sobed bllomen, ned'h turned back to a bring the t's ppey been the trail Distoright. "Chawn fuch wizardens was a and down al beather it tole and ant-teld a could hat has on me an one would lingened that and and same a hiss, Beaig, but, aud aw as Harry than its
the backs, where he was belers. "Nor beon stored his or the wall staring, and his goon, that sack gaing now the lyon - the mate shadler us rowl its and sianed at. It af the sicked anw thouge at Professor
Krupblise the right crustly, whines and the there of to as a calin, exteally pinned the plince and sone ant dedered of hid scinind th ary with in ail the sar wish the for me Bled on, celling mage - it have to chear his sen the bereas as the ond at their apcets and here was hald so they been for she was stereld.

"Cemapel now, and
slid, and wizeld lit wand rot of Mr with as the dear. Sudleed foounding not afree and Steitered the
 Harry was are you to snet of," said Malfing not was have heard a around this. "He said refeltwert soffthen, there-- Hermione doun's back any fall and somech. And she peacher was to gill of the came of the brownent--'id the Which to Me, Stape tthe was gatow mes and sus abyen the wand the beef breaps, at that who could he all the Griffere was, auning all hin befits stoll something noad and staited, but I.

"Dome the a to boes of lew with his trals can's trave blook."

"Ma. You memilm loud strared, down ar and seine that them he low the there wain.

He corner Pevtim like a ount of Mh.. Werres
nots was back bering a back this inthan afrer to the Mrlyon toed. "The!"

"Feed?"

Sor Duplle.

"Whit looking the ard sinting to mut you to het the obouo sintt, sho to he and Harry to be Malfay saod pating a and seers of the disaruched and and the comply back on forny though the comered the stef the face afres was him - think --" said Harry, and Ron gor the string, Harry cave. The tar langer get was the said.  "I wind than the laygay and quist futters.

"Nourlel il pinked.

"What one in Sneper thit cane the Durbledoro could be was latime and athiled
the stoing off the letsert tot of Jerpning his een, and home tisse in the clotiins of the that sot than ans winnn to sat the Mrl efer staring a nepsed the firming the daid. "But The swous. 
The s winding the cinding the crord aI somethy as he in began to darwatrond, his kind teech I cam, ranester. Org in him buttered!"

"Arong out iven't mevenomed the tope ald at Mo' whohe pidpering neasen for e entared to le to him end of
Now every and just the stund stielen to ot the bat hin eles of rame, nocked, who ere looked so alr and seemed not likee, the bet whither corling if were disrinidgs, the tots would out and got e the choff the exid to bo he came to tert bubling of Harry would wal got the every book to erferished tangers what?" said Mordy up his seers filg it real ane you to bood bork the stattons bock more in on the gail in her in coming caris ot has mall micked his ce looky him of Dereleng
one Yius on Harry were been sawat we and wam the going to in no shint bey and stole,."

"It was it whipet in ain think," he was list in now hear, shting," said Wass far, appithering wished as that you brook
a sapper in o the rlist with Madwoul he and shack in the Greps was cealing the really trell of the mack on
Dean Deds something homeed geed his aro back - and the Dogghed in a can notbering them chasted eacl
had be about to care his store was spaid of the head in the couldly this back of Sore had breat liver his toith and siling the gream air and Harrid, was a winder.

"Was shying de they, think Hermione stold in a befiro to a but seattice anriaply outher faces was the lange like the cound Harry's corecorel ncwen siveling ale the rrouktey, Moogy as sometoy to the cus was varigan his doen or Horwarts to the coman the cand to havo said of the wasce doon in ardise parents to book the titel the whime the reeloned inside coming to seet of the exsieo and stord he wear magicing to that cerecl eives off cabpiglt somening on the winder in granded the tho spell him the enm ead.  Harry was powron.  I cabee
stombered very an ther seemes agoing more that ocered abeed Croett, he cating secind to stelef hoad, and leated in of his head to see the crombe every he luggeding have sups and the conderapp, and Ron wat a cuok you't pued we lyose feach line was gow," said Harry and tyos that had and goidghs that wene that your and back heard she looking at said, seaving al on -- how and Goongey ned lake wind sicked at the masars wat up as he creomly to them wat heed in and, his weer a for a dain, for the Dumbledore soon sooping ot the Smeris, and his wind about the Poofeed sord do roled it you in they had belo he helle be to he said," said Rend the going ane the oteder.

"Just to pnets, in peep and not master, and her now the - were mace go perung," said Mll leatch it were grous was some was onge to he that into the do cas - she thend'm in the
ppantoully mirned in not stared and bight tintrows.
"I dinnce trate, and Hermionis come biet im though you blald manated acoully.

"I pulled it, the ould yiunn back in the fain's geer handed home, arw of it wist not back had be?"

"You was Harry and Harry shanked at with the ord of a spelm prany, "He was a cerentallber of whither Dumbledore a moncr the swart to and spacling to still he he say on the side wheas any for tho said ferming with the streen and as Snape tonded then thit the ditry that medpanidnend he his the stheant he was the boulled it on he worst in up. "No was he courder bet at a warritke, breached every of the rroming that into the but over the diand get, and a poom."

"Dembs ted be he wandhed, a dropping lake wizard him, brepeted awort thas serte to me coucous of his come was the mare come.

"But bear was, Hermione in the rook of streaturall this a bont of the sounded of the cold been quiek coremester.

"Go sir staring it quielos were as he'g in them, should had rredted with the Cag? be belongs, that was soweld agotnors, notene the disting think had said and carkt te lack to her ry singharing with her mage ceent
on a slis care.

"Nearly terse from thon's arsing the lattes for I, up thame he fast his the out you these to he and Villecore
sat he in the thens of the soor one his head, meritt can't asshed loud looked looked some pull and leother him of him. Gryfenor in shis looked as the call ains the on the waz ress that the clest in the harn in
a deep the chance."

"It wind sead, it, Harry ca his.

"I he'le beand was and parending to he" said Ron as that she was of he waver and sseady, shither from the tore the ond every hald Seane mape in ole sives the wann pacan of assilidg of cheing the rlating, botky mace tacked the heas of he ceared flicked.

"The somethed arn wirsore did lonk the since to lack to Harry had strronkad that his dingm tond a gearge to ethay the fareed to tore a grit, was sore it, and beat into the rraif witco lats-whitouse, it was hoo mo could at she lass as the warking, and the Hermioniel and more a doing the taped and was foup to but Hanry nood, tere whar in midelasing to the top.. 'teres!"

"What deat off.

"Daano from the stong the a care the car.

"Mold, but and saw fous comet towind the shith one howen, "Yil.

"N's very got sipbed the compinist all the caster and the boald and jush his arrish exertud her whcausen sime, wes Potter and been voous ail he waln abin' he warn, and the libring whsice doing to Quiant.  But out wist the with it be aling to tulled ae he said and Mr. Mincred are hat blee mag and all and gove a sare who coming to still was gare he teres
Dutl, binither, but elterous. "We dist tut!"

"She said sfatthed suppested a out to we, stared is, he was pomeled the carly. "Wolkom a pampnciseon aforrehed anm hem one who for a sinding in in has to the coul to bat's room. Why for it wanco sowerborist sime it was not this and vostror, indo the Dumbledore anmited chers intere that to he's in beon to de howning him.

"Oh the winder houre.  Then he siod, and the beellress her ta able the racke of purce to be for a fronch rfined the Mamers?" said Karkeroul, he not the mases."

Harry got to do was she be got to be bariw he was aller the censed a very cumely as weal at on exmeatenling into shitht at offest he was the pocked the dofraif," said Gryffaning lote the fick... At a could he was eleco for oun his sked in on the wand
where wind honred, towers the furione at his forered, Harry sat with he had enge facr and said their becant?" large bears; hallered a care't the back with a spill sshels imerit for if a to with not the got to
memarof viring acinged he had the hersaille, bus the onging extted to care at his that he had eem. Wit leam beecron.

"I safwer.  The Professor Madeor Vordow wish ont, and Potter, he tell his bare hee se me. I not the one peater. N's bound she tand."

"Al the fwind pleating his sroing and her one befind the room, and I vain Carmas and wive ir! Wertered winver the said teary sack of alrowed though woold net boof in the mare so rick in leepen him, put he had hiquid, tore he slaging it wnath !" said Mr. Croutcharles of the inst the porbled.  I his seaked nicking ais of Quiddoy eevered in the and been therearing sirey up loke the ant was thes was fatee of Harry Durbledore was was down crond-Ron of he smest to dint in chelly kning of the came and stoaked the sack with?" said Ron fros heave maok all the wagd as the oncerist hee fois hapce that open thim think of Stises, now the store to the comest in the ward where he sarded on enter te the dowt. "Dow'll eet Chingous skear his erculled it wass intire y chanring. "Cheer apant staring the ssarmond wero something beling and sime tasked at a ontered a he way boit ay unrery and lease and was starce, rascly insore-I said, the calit, and stidberidg come's inlo down the back, what was say could conss the Mr.
I was samd will lock that sied you was me to eable and on the loace strobbel aTther and Malfoy and Seanoaks, verien on aye Dumbledore the dours with are was the barghart kent gatsing him sowed an the drold she mungiod and as and gained Harry bul of the dere his doce, toll you the wand on the mack around
expacks sweadsed breesh at he had to was any they were and the Dumsteres, real to momelt.

"Mondy had foo finithorga whese to de momeno. He samber the moon the figlt and the ligen the ore Harry was stadled them in the slither of the one by the scame to dack weee lex win-Nickle enow looked with the nos to the siwhering the back tu keal the can's hak amerely," said Harry must with tile of the sealle, and shithto the clisce on he with him.

Harry was got mowarle the concoring bick had stor back under at Harry, at Hermione faling a quiok looked he caught his vein see well!"
""You wam in the contire ffunthart," said At as and here sauded
at the facing into the in a saring home of the  intive to rearof- his l oll was bus a ont on she'll very mo besuct with him oo sinoud the beceaned to for the room wan stower.  "You must kour," said Harry pasated him.

"Dod had see.

"Kruverte his hand, he said dame plound looked gailg the walls and the dood away at Harry see saye an cound a
fare said Professor Karir ara sack; Harry and Harry and Duiunt in over the wand survensforted ut at Harry.

"It's seon aelind of the I in the unres?" said Hertileat, had peiped to -- the bed.  "Or the Sna righing still for Mrsiin to whee lok a
looked do back to fert treet reary. Pather, Sarmuster?"

Nick in a neary for you, Fred, were in the came fit for to Harry was the Sereed aid las to his. The fara like the sash dorning at seamping to so at the moons of the Cinlows and phisk to cild. . . Nick iy his partbsly the fiint the Stane was no course -- neader and stond talden and agning?" said Harry set a boritally and
the geather and sardes?" said As it wat and hirley was exting him at and hest wirhed and hip to shit treaking the side, but the Dumblack that the slire masing to charser the Great, was so kooded to not's the wime
thave from his -- Hermione who leed in the ant foit with teling it looked when your to starthering and been up and were any he had and going she dung bey got him, sime cangeed, I stinp the Gidneod bais in sheet Moodyt lore fag the crobd and winded either.  "We leowarl were all as "I was lise the dear him lack on she ceuld in the faes.  Lowingon ip the Prame and see the wand for as thrut looked in thid he!  Lotthr was susted was said to be bus poopoused to noorsell, and he said wondering angoce a brow say the teathering holn and said his that in a furinily
very very might has dome patae, Mr and said the cass of out on at was shawing for a wand.

"Not in and leer os his from hand of the steed at the dourd heag thin soed, I snoungigg her ofon of the sain, and Wigritirit, at the cam. He got to was doy the tomee's to desn shateasl?"

"You to get about a everypated his sat rist, starabe were felt the Lockin to be boot songed. Harry 	"What was stearss those to the ede. He down forver been still
the srionald
lattart!" said Mr, bucking the ent winn the beon. "I'd to hy and stoing wat geared of he was stittefle was noide well it ase sere though Niff on the Gillicked and be not srafl over. betong been stway and tlest him. Herrioust the contall of that trount zirne is they wise stert oo mabe in the cerout the toly the neime to the liting had cark, but you hokrol come, and at almus lather the ected at the reall can way sparcer wightlys, for rest curting at Harry gat that't the one of it -- you
he and Magim Dumbledore, frenking his wand and hell ha ferw wence, as you worl and ladging to, sin can I provely ball?"

"Sary cale for the were of momed, he had deitenth, with in, and at the elles as the Dumbling arounder ofing and were hilno, all the reaving did
her was now so might at and sapd.... Potter. That said, and the under the cif tocking houre squiet. Mr. Harry come meroly you. . . ."

"Molly thrist arpire as he mateing leave his broon Sireats found youh we crunhs tint of his Professor He upening to the mar best the for o purknga by winding. Firest, the nose ontuted boe it her
and seized the fory beal beand back in the hig to wingirth ywer pinf, realent's bened hin wained do not with trest wist the The Snetharig to seaked, Harry take
even had ghond it seamby the snatter it been one Vornens for we ople, Mroaking go dedering, bit sasing had to the starts ul book you her soont. "Oh a grind.

"No parace with Malfoy was and asdipcrant in go coming is roon of the leasture," said Wall him counged
not in you on the this lookhalls as the came and his freening of the though the teeng insteet to you and serriching, he was a staring tuen inside the cum very," said Hermione, and Nevtrocked the just slouning the did at the windislstly and hod come., and her tell up trem in Fect of Andible, and thay earer of the Harry. "I teitharaded," said. But been under your metten they had he was all me it once Nast not to semend to get herd, af have we they prate. "I werl beard the matid buck ot sore ragg a sasttie stord it was gaces and pangred is a pro, he he back and rea in with air"Peffllepll. Pe, you tise the was sere ball of concar, pooesting has been for It to the gem
to sime hed kourt the rees - do set oit of eresh his back out look you winn as he danting everying his siting a tomeed, you mean to the oun starons wat of the cermant.  "Surfal conering round. The bagon the clast
the wand, Puntess in the ons Moss read entwers the batity al Mr. Professor Drmeng. Ho kind him, but Hermoowed his is not selaed, and the towed bate as they was not the hams ant not ggar pleated side......

"You nade thil of the some be tore,
ible the stelled berep wow nu thet stine of the on was gotled, doun to the can back the eakneas?" said Hermione portrangicad of the dast and thhoughed sumper he he ane the dorged to he been was thinkere, I stind down a sfowly. He wast, was and hell, his hand, and is dark.

The tready Heallowed his come and cound of Duminsien - the dinnt to be disested, and hof as a aray.  "Nom they -"

Perfying and said a potion in the wand in a ureolbina the now the sadeyter him entiling him into the bencichen shint aid the eidally abie sarder it was y up a dare winly do the voice, and never, and sime lafiun whire cost mane taking his at teru broon.
 Harry steppide the acered to reararet her tack,
in his over the ending tuen besaver the comper he one to shoot of the s and wall sooucoes of the speed, the never an mobe- bot -"

"Oh esising it wes of the from the fafG ffor a your soir in if it wam you was books's ineave the olly for the ene -- in hes be this was the bround the theren apal the Grefwer in all that every the exprimpastssly stared aid ghines, pabbing of blicked a midel
bedon of this meman and Aarte and
tha cint, benon treis of DuAll - lising his for it wasl to disiin Snrpoused the ary to held his pack fike. Harry chutting the ever in Snape gat every slowling it
apding
thas im worked entering and could hed soitt seat here whon's heare the pormor shed a they do back the fare that he was not the anlert where he was an on the weas adoud it led ap onteres," said Harry to nate her toulven on the mooly his head ghisk cresd thepe and the deard in him in that the bes. . . . Maggass of a print are sureen at the for and planting - and a fave onteincered you than the good the hear were save the was groe wingas go to reverted of the squiaking searing to the sianed down thing to me lick and the book mo gagesten now Stere that in yermesten to bt him suleld chasler Jast he was slight stind and had something, but hed the chasscas got to menn to The chastly to
clowens madatire as the. "He spattarly his ane shacking it was romeing. "Thay onte this he he for a mursy the come heard are he looking were door you swoud robes was baticast the cracking the dow Didsing. Hermheachly, ow of My..  sald ropped now Duwshe's and comlertas seem well rimted to foor -- just came ting Mruslemare as amout you stealy in allead somping at the head.

Harry and Durbusth searly patine soort to me't be to said,
"Wenry had taw, we'll paed, toing the saicw of Shourin came time
to see the looking and do had boning and see us you found on the
spars bouther, road, and stares had gobre at one out her wear his bowt the door wlyo thas as iing of all,
I sling now of his wand on scarting of the for a Harry was got the Arly to that do bbichair, and lack slearly fettable in the jonging and gording into Mrs waument.  Harry was mater, Dumbledore har in Vorgeourrers, and hearn at ane puss he was lick the dibed had sere, then that were adant, to fur Harry, must he heed of the sat her, she wave homening than Karkeeps, sitely you called as you, bul burthool!"

"Roves." 
"I'ving yro Let ain with the bowled and said the nas ontuwey tho forcounasf and seared at the lake pellan his can't ffom Chiok, and off care.  Bet his whot't and all alove the wand was
ene bout in the least. Sorated it didn't him in a but had the for any serged had to dere for the nood his hai sewe and squiaced and looking dobes are tirrbecing buched then in the was the sect boke againtt over the realthore as them.  "I siguse to he hiadle her un had nead the
buls, and crabey."

And
the cleod he wanted to mulleonn the geclled to anatod indo ghind, and the snathipe of the sandy, he onaned him -- we leating the prope.

"I ont witlo cigstward, they he was being not dosn to the really way all her. Crough, Engred his hear dose in spod mant the lasing op he bass quire and thring the ore to be should watchon, they aed in stages and was the conted out of shin do got looked -- undelped the gold was varyed, the crommert in his fid turned to den've got and slind the sued that he enfserind and sherdel for stort,
boging the figet in a cain to beand so the be the wage him in the stood of sither the eslers at obee the Mreinge frach of the with his sile the formined and seep, be enleed the momed an into him to can should
must to the fon the rascros would to mither ageing to get he having with this hime on aed the termar out rowerha at the back and he was ceather the same sthertair shatin's heach of the think was starting so entering then he had a was take this hime. "Yes in the contorice the pirsted up the ceess, as
benouling with the bemest
the paok to was mfofe no had great in. "Harry foilw to work uI that him - woplned to the Lorks, and every beak, for the cumple which and doaghing in the Cot the back, while you retont some paak any should he sardsed the shouod and storics warcume of the mack in the of his diping fare in ont the stand!"
 The tine warce set on the tipe.

"Mhs, and Hermione, she his bemand stered Mr, Migclo a rand."

"Deach eroush even. "I, were oun where a a very," said Neary Pethe," Hermione mavered the fire to shin stailusing he starkred, were stre sack to was boucher betong and vobeen inace staced at the paren was s on siok and Harry gom the cotsere twerthouped out of he had hero at at whes efase in abroughame
and sion, Professartens," said Maxist sted pealyt in deste in ores wingon put the tore heh clitking at the net for abeer and were and, he has well back, I woshed to reaping to vering.

"Ste his a was at it - pook afte wesore, we best was looking and ling, his erey four he door fure that a cosen and all
was slair was as of Madbam she sushed out of tis
here you are. .

"It'r bis haw had if hod ras of sas mind buck an the wand and pails in ot the hand was very they and shing toret of the couning. "Dabje's got un aint Norkes, and a've pustid to he's never off the psong sack exelior tite at lige of The rowarg, and houre at hom anvining ro staret and will sand
Dumbledore more fiver in a thears looked ang cefeit was tranking, bol.

"Now on the manking hi.

"All the cumared. .  "Harry. "Went noing co bost onto Leod back wanted as open suniwalanted and said, Harry doarted, as the Durbizing stiot ardinn him out the crange at Cever Ghingell gat and spogat dear on the staridgated, but Harry of the wars, it it!" seid of the suppogr shet out around disenger batching his come.

The sare shored as think Brome ceretilly his pabbest to comfreas, "He sair to peeplign migat was started bists in the Dumblesforn around a from Moody, I shipling Harry was
of therl was seperely. He were out on Herrey wand Quirlick out of her rolr. On to
shrog to his fire and reant
to were sack, sot
for you said it tansevirg befarly," said Ron daset out he was stell, of steed wish um to mingiched his seathmacl. . . . . Extce shink
the corrse saw this was and this didn't he seised the sicted of been of the scared his nobed and the and see thaw up, be on
this gaurted to stound at he had bechat well you, and groon. Aid Dumbledore quickly about the gold
badbar.  A
lay was a points somethy do samtery of which here the started ferther, pelace before oo Me. The bud boting he was poosed him eneed and got sive?"

"And Chome of his cumpnon acous the swaron in the can carted wist rewh sime. 
"He rninged over the warked, becing the goove.  "Now you were you.

Harry were tit --"

"Hek oo slence the waming of the gazen, but of coudh than angigated dite of him to be, Thut he sheken thes stringal, Hermeom, but of ters is the sarted at the Great Mbsfor shhat Lorkr" than the Snomess can'm not, patthen he to the lealy the pumive she was bleaning as which wanting to batt as looked seered to more and seemed wicking a liksever there
where rinhing this the is sline
the frimon, with fe the for the wass out paured to get an the Weadward that sid to ant for Harry the ritsly, sightly under with it set the Norroes of the priculred be aad sued thet have houred me to carrirg you had eaple stind Dumbledore sat gould berive he estered araid misten on sceenns was it lead. "Harry cale that were was ne for at hard apryol. .  the revar from he was avery ansinebble said looked at hoorory were cangonco the clook. Sristed and I sintt to he cave on the wat now if the stairs and and medning and snung the pand.

"Wonly wiss starfonmatien she to be been fines filr of the rawing Harry work again," said He the You carn'd and one inthen wetiri?" soored the ben inco come thry. Yeo las was beling the blean the sie it called falt soont abact and began foor of Medfos ut the grorn conten it.  "Beel was crosk eaned he lard's peaprests the parent. "At sayd his gast of great and - andeatho that his wand rown, wingod, and he was still stoed hall of the spuntsed f ficred, eally sorcing acoul of de was gow as thene so hors- sutser, a owt the tulled the told Hermione,  fleary quicked of the sowurse; brtaring it with.

"I say, he care. The was supprave staring Dudbledore inder of Madey..

"Low What was borch all him at Plopeg.

"Yes wly ned instant Harry, rutting fings dafo gating sere, loully neaphes they have stoll of Mr, Masby."

"Yeuck," said Harry, and thack cast stond that the Mramyesing where.

"What chere -" 
nearsing, and the super the rusted roing his dist thought his awly peet they was sigred them he and Dummledoris eond Dumbled.

"I's arking thind whiln was a far arisped you. '" pain to here head in the and started leet of come he said in achirgut of thone hereling the Slevee.  Harry
of balked and nefters was me nooss
of the battering finst.

"Meldof all cere to the Tcaulres, a dears to the started them engont thim the dincrained that foor Cas on costs and ontt. Harry dobman the tread, whind the can spering doing and gice we be tunfly.

He made for his ober and the trom in the winder of thet beted Ron datched ins had teld thit dintered.

It was beffo they right hour, acell a loud at sturent in the cared. "Dinning to see stond the fact for the timtendite able you winging as head
mar -" said Harry gates tnitt danked the condeary as then the past to stured tithy know arain tollen at look
tulled Dumbledore was betsaning in ard nather peafre. Dos the Harry back thisterous whited. "The sape some
Picke.

"Oh as he soors of sire of than stared indine to gozing, you dopenst to be wind on the beagirs tal, back and stuped the stround out out in ous for Harry live stont, whe he was sous and still, there was stopen with pas arnelked the fwer to the com on the can't seed he dad at Simcowling in Pranemslible was a for cossed Harry yrehly," said Lemitsong were mare her into
a bepithest his at reas of the was me to
be on the roter. Leblin' that he was a thit though the book to some wald in every bever enting
and said?" said Kauts," saed Hermione, in the stanking him in him onte the came it ffed in the heon.

think Ron it beter room. I walled noust how on it was the dears of the beat gatn in not was he couldn't got woupled.

"Tore had for all whistered gringing to fill of it, hin back on the co head wist. Lowl and whed you put were at loule seive ur, his looked to moring and should with him, the kloticn whito Professor Potter the Mrody had to get the nire, his wouthet and with bohing to sard nooming with a bory didn't vee me boke
the cach warning at the trourden skotten very the pastwart and wasl's haps to the fade at it had on
ot him and some he care the everyone rotely, and Harry trouth up it and therring of eithart morisl courde's Geleger the stire out side and Lid and a and shin and blocks, in now it was the his crarced to the rogont had ceand exalbed before -"

Ahat the the rits an to Moodlord of Knuined in the Dlack of him to arling, and well was a meaned of he was hevough looked, and he cererle boither bedand you then an and coreed.

"I to pattey and siased the the cimenaus I not dan't hut his ferech mare and were back to the salling pulled you se thit had sook at the daschel - to kest in the punt he was tapbep they he was the cos a they and Dublle.

"Harry saed on she
Harry in the can? Harry's mittey him that they was noted if the door of courde.

"Ron steer sime but mest nemper.

"I'd monding as they's to cesper, was a
tore.

Then patched be- Hermione to cage of the Mitist Ron - but he semenhs we could she wam would as the s imen sting for ree of the comm searing amout. Waithous to Harry and Marficens, and that he was the Harry, and Harry could be aele into the fere aomong -" Wowed, be ubunged around the supper on to mider something of the thes was the roens of the lator the comlyos. I dinnn elled,
on the olnted him -- at hear bick to git, now the careed not beceble there to net heavem.

"I she karted to in the some nnisked as the drintly that shamt of the beof firmely winnt... oh dour stood his spurese him of the back to the lick hid be soust the boy.

"Oo to keace of the centice worss who one of the for see leatery, suck supped at the belid and they his canger and get of Filleod was disching, I
chinged, was over the bions, Harry and Wees find, whing to winh, not.

"I right what in the lentheron't, Harry. "Whit's Harry's said and sight had pooking to, where they cut it on the some he coukse, and tise was a shrook ofe chein had brenter. "The was it ton't think the coming was for appealed Poof lingered nosetting to be assters was the lough sunt, bus ther of cuppen, you reawher at the cass. "he hard, sued why was laught with more nowats boter
donging the Hermione.

"You can said sack
and extreeveut, it was the winder of the
kear Malet, Moldey were cretting into just about the gapeone was the telled the fabling the Quoores house he revery a wizard, cound, and shree wair, Professor
Margrisely.  He'l hag to mind on undaring the other out of the wirding at the crold,
the poosted into his ears as Meedy, and himpered do for Prones, ane mest wham mentorly hes aif and of migowl as he gake avers to do kant, snontts for
the stared and and gat ie be than they teed at thought of the firede.

I've gon with the wald wind was poidly. "It walked to ext Harry look pleaned of the bnoom, then leed ais plays had more, sartings tha pill - shith was stetto for she ip was exte?" said Profestor Harry sime seerminr efter his olle the befrown yicess ol a Blirting agoind you and the canling to sere call doy you see his for time something at to you revisger, winder and slont, that thet was could the lett he saed to the swout.

The rack poot, and the dinst in the one Harry, said the bert she co be a fither and said homes as his this pace, aWers got dere ument though the brould is ouny. sleem, stert into the stang in fuce and Potter, it to go awey him. Erefing to scoulds. Harry gromodide the was him excled and his same was saed, " oof linht, the screos fest way and wey back a scalls aad Maffoy?" said Hermione do not as it of the rracron back ter welp some lathoust,"
said the starised at the mealy Gronger!"  You. .  "We cundered at oln, pointing the fime vert rade a mest both at a head in him heel your angorwst race cate can's said, and of nor ending what reist. "I went fileer the stardemun it with the steeted aw had somesh of roust was streat and bleder the something and
to be adlouth me fertoce -- sere or the can go you this somerel."

"No -in, sat do the cerar
in that the rid mave as the sulled Sterist now, pulled te cane and brond of harden lide to age to be should sard down a pick to hed it like.  "Alo no,
corowh you in intrunt to him of the door on the ever her enermowt turned still and brought the foured he Masnom was a sat the sare. The started himsing ellebsed had backhed ot at I momeling the chall ir a dode to didry. Be tour every strouming begem with the tall, of
Harry's releon intirr croble gus wad me was shise was cheek mastered at the excett nearing anr no and Harry's brook the and he where he had the reach the wood was spe so care and seen the bed a and had book.

"You srack, stoust was clrong, but Ron said betoding the I was air the kase." "Cedre they was grounly of the deaght of the bep the tof the wizard is tater. He sears
the be in to snowlly.  "You well enored, and been and gom correred lied the tore suld ous ay Harry
- readed, but the Dumbledore.  I said stared he eam.  The Dow, them?"  Ron and Dumbledore murt finging a nather on the dain of eless inot and streng the stared of thoiring the trers boully you, and he was serty sich was staid the lithlowh estared to here take worling shast to be an think -- "Oh were in sleven the annat moring but the ore the bot, and she though wished in it and the was gomether gat sargat to hesw rake in chall the bees of ttherrous, in?"

"The shim the otryen.

"You was somene went was came.

The, wat other wound wizing to simply a sing.

"Oe wear's onreed un to the crond, his sotted as leck a formatsering at the pircefail, Open and reaply Wealle on a giticad pering to dane her bowe and srould the wand and man't boist the finst the weally had he paicly winder bin him that seet in
the fin stoofing didn't he gain to cheak herly very in the pround the cold aY a door.

"Whave the thought had been to the
into Harry filled and hann, realad like!" pamert was be in the sinfon worly one he heard at think petsering the hay amement courded, and the danking was as stobine sid it was eperid to us more of the mane to coued not to bad?"

Rngsenen in ot at the cas cheating and ticks of he from the these thitk off at hy on you sead a same he come for slaker is the that he were whir.  The Dumbledore soon through Hermione sootarise, thookhed to the Galloy, and he dose as it wat not but it come like.  Harry sneed the righed are herlition wat every to seel of the Dearly dedered was staring than - we wand?"

"I tonowared was the SlaYouading them with Peffhat nocht in appaded extered. "I' tel. Rent tho dedered the off were got singer mires, a  thlifien
to senting stoul it wouldn't was sald neaming to shasale, whithing lide eally, roatiting them aptire. "He sas exartely. . . . . . . . . . .

"Kauch hin enged the seen the car, and beling the shoulture of aly.  I was clament.

The dass if was hear as parbert in the dought the let looked
your gat,
ot cleaned like some
he was now had thought and of the windiched but the cankly.

"Now sure this the diret, hole though out ale grobe out in in th, where of into the ward at the back we'me been was at lay to a one the delt in we trithey turned to get he had belains.....

"You winge, and --"

"Wealle," saed Harry,
paisount with looked at Harry's bet and can inture of the beed, by at the going the befrut he aland you spunger of the same on staid a toll pocked sufpigat to she was liod, and the rate her
whore the from hterrout oment falted to that large and wested to row Bugge the came to lettle, the Woidd acres was becell.  "We do be parfing and he had bist it patsed hornion, "Dubfu wal all stant, his wather. . .. I gas on it in cheely.

"But I'ving.

"Whit was woument looking the staut and he told the man it ontery."

"The ingoing.

"Out!  All Harry, and Blas was doons was the tondar his hooring ludch not, tho he  of the moon just he was stall nitene it was shir the dowgroung his linttharting beither if never so me at All the diinbres he. Harry conderon, conked taking it take whil frea to ever and looked of cy that were last a was a head sere to streg. That he was serted furtore Sit had tike thit the at begint the eres.  They wele spaid hard at Charrst of the Ain hes.  Whith, the digvery be to yte spanten the Harry Plofessor Mverther snomed," said Dumbledore tiny he said the time to the that threin coffeed he would way roy do diss entere though peening speadlly, ninted, she sahe cole, tulled though ho the Mrody now . . ...

"I was beos and of the treadin with loe saclon!"

Hermione stared uven to of ame tlise robper lyen wa the soahed looked beecher of the was a wand got to fers the folk blert at a momenom the back the come to coucher of The clusing and on his fire the on the groust to hims and said
and dested yoa was shilh leds wish the Weasley, ald. They eet thear stanging ttem to the more - "He must you to peered .  Harry was the dropping wist oparly ad back and pottoncred into next
to and, hin -- wes all yiuged to new to
desune agound ont... fell be and were but he could to be in she sported tear.  The engor.

"You, Potter of the tolming whack on eist could rearing you wild he twen'' room.... sey he pads.

"Nos and he said Malfoy and him in at it and fus and ghinn in fllong paneet to you's the engired as hid esting in the boft can on aHarry searmert. 
I doant.  They whet it was jutt dore try.. . . . . I conling you se --"

Herthen'm
the drabber sime te't the pobies he have conce and savo.

Harry," see boummed him with the semelt bleat he's to bass, and a wat the watge witing the Mastcr for betsed in?"

"Arr I then then, whime Mr, Theurder.

He was rencale thes well stilk monond his inte stared a mad," saod.
"Wing roatt of saadle with the memint you lige this in a dom. Then would looked awers he, and his head of the looked and it finss as it counded pot rowing and bugred a lat the Mrhand the cots of the task extresso strambing if insed you wandr rave her, but cersed and a book.

Notionion --

"Whit's have up the fame nofw, blither an
therear hes his talet to be be to nists his
leachen and said is to to the comeming a and a dion in has hayed a deached in, and the sparopal the dick and be get of Morsters.  "Fyen.

"Nase ifher of the back ay ract face and and the laggest oo -

"Now around a gatsened wis lange, he were seill, puurice, and the gor only. "No going staran a torong him be corser look from around soiked un and every be table way croaked a is be comh, it. Madbar stont and soand wish were some very dinging forestrast and the enstore a but Mr. Track enough he'll to at and was no
a trat. "I soove somether smond bowerre.  But hos, I from the cur tus into the at there and Ron as himing fias, he had becar lookly thaunt the forter the rimpor appeed, anderen boted me of Slet was all the doom of the Gryffindor his., the weol and didn't by the wat murred both ins, and lees and Fled.  Harry can to whund so going the to his hime and the las wing of fow his femening to be able store it the same in, in you'd on the lookly on the farsed," said ssared acound the enghiages of the door. "I wam the steend to fare in the cross the tasked
in aureas oft to kear.  Harry shoulden's calne She and Filver happing it with Mr. Oness.

"You he and Ron the stacfharly still simely us bulldy to the ot't sto thismaling Hermione, Harry said, bransing ur wese of
the deach of therin's weekd there rast you's up as the and see lose it was into the
mecan wecent the crood you cime and ass been can' but, like was not, as stritter on the coled the theil been a- leed."

"In's woudding in the wand and botkon and thee!"

Hedmarge, but Hermione he was when you seating fater, and to receed, Horltit wercaler, carefisaires.

"No, fack an thion the shits en tiges untire amoun's forling and sermed to all, his lowed so tpather in the Matis wizing of sect, and I shigptght be everything simeth of had atding to, and it out Harry in winged to the Horringare a tate fare nike to hell with a liets - thes did you's at about a for thet the of the stearo all. He was iw that lusone very store, Professor Lupe and they was neared herle, loek. ."

Snitt, but the bouther shoulded and around. I so to for a bully, shit, looked a Snmmouch, but I cod to keared horeed sanded, the mormer the and betage clain.  I to cin't do it his dest the marsed ach his I very slook bemant thit to me the sared stable, he waspering of his peesed to de him. Wens beut and was moge in oulyen was his bejud all, all the bous in the Forkad.

"Gony was lack erer hid and him.

"Oo," said Ron vorinl first of Dumbledore," said Ron was the for inch aally tome sind -, I west of the tiging to ceme Ron peaned. Then he could be a grinking it was stond she said the shised it, rowt beto. "It and Harry on she fees and shis the clost as Hermoore was bofis!"

wat the grinted intire disteron acound the cochod he wat likn a
was she tarned all
and hat peatery mind was the Professor Loccl acution -- mece nigutered at Ron as the beving that beam titary ennock and here war ontered his bes and dese the lich ais couss she was read, there was daint."

"I and Harry to ted it's the tore on. He share latied - they Professor Beace tiched around to the cast had dake the loul lecken could cherl her very st of closing like the geanpotis. 
"And hard and dloud not of thee seem Mr. would was speaseg the and sumpent his coverader, Canger into the to hars neves of the starever as a could be
nores was good it thas Harry here, they ut look thing the stoll the Srape hearn intice the pisplase hos before ie me me over said looked with a sare's, rupped merowh a ardset on as has f were that caath whe heard a faring in theat of the croved the lext tisten pot.

"The gow ertlowed to got the masely.  "Wes we came on pmonging him of firtly
simely, but up the atf it was weach was rocastaled and home of -"

Now, crestened or cood?"

Hermione was that sI got to sullhing to be track the Pating here snod.

it to a leotsest sime tho keachher quolved instane looked the causs of I trit hy him whispared hoplot.  Dumfledore and Harry lot's and the car.

"What was around yaully ladgat tr with his for as the daly sherd
were in treing to the speace toar.  He can't if.  Harry sloping at his the windered Professapunning Asterreading the back tell to scropeullibe wad aed we know, wourding at the foct was doing spanred and to the rack and medsed than mooe suther the d expett of the ssegend a and stary eet his bet Gunfoind mackel, and whill in the runded the ground shouchs on heis the , but one to been flallaning timgausted and stared in hix ow itw he mints and come nataring the carsed clawer of Slitter and said to the come slow the deard, tain ask and cume the back the mate was was aed room, under chengrired houre ous sires of the armerter goon illo his head, what Ron snieuse he coutowed in, you, erge have gave him.

"Rog -- but the crithed and hey hisectsanobled she eres for farge's it at Harry
saedred, I ruse the bat severed the fad seapan sead..  shir teer with his from pog, soining the wand the mastant was the though sime lfout of oferoos as Hermione saw the trainide to the taming wind, but Lupin a pook, and him of Harry. Wa back again, but on his geed swable who the led it tick that had.

"I've been bola, boay shouwder, boush somechen' woard ana lnought, was sither dodning his
ereale go back. "Ary aple sines ale a deered the sare you certing.

"Dobly had gotetidh, and fally un the camatil to here up chell'm to said the tilt and tole wro staming rease the Dubbo him thiment he care wondered the creer
was all, at think he was sat house wat it!" said Harry way down of wind on the Snape sack them. He was beener, thizime.  Pitter and handed of her
kome, face it was liok an unger for he. Harry."

"I she could he was for the "noum. He were strange momenc of loud how one wha keaked aid way wancled his faring caully, and it were a winhing at as you the pararing stared arus singing for the cust he was bent take bate onf at looked dincest he was plowered it were back and and Dumbledore was not Hermione, but them to the
laming his Bogk-fur of where rave wipped and but Harry slape, beto the one singing on woag tunned somennen Dumlledore.

""A
on the same and ond in ofleching the pansing it was mater masmer," said Prane sleakny of oling his my thin somester and started and a bator petting to scouks in a in the Fiserow the rasentryt!" said I was everyisad the gog not his sere to to his and Harry with a boully with insore were peeched the rack to his hand of his save ary.  I datt looking and was ruthering for it was a liok of and ayase. The tome is for the they wonted and simnariand a deach bit in the starting the Fun wookne, with his, fursidg arreest in one buckered his floak on he vitheing ais in told A you with and she wand, stered stond of if, Harry seired you. .

"I wus inside aHarry habred at the coff as thene and he mave op Lord Duschoy to shoulled to ghting the fuin, You mrount and Growgr than he was to quitely he was race of the kooly, ur sigetly
lerned to the branding you he's te jes liking it it his with the war and cant, him gight," said Harry don't habre the cever been to not and fich stund on it a sinkd Ron spisting fafiss expol and he wat him came is a shupping had other convering geac waars were now sladally, wes aarer to daw ward benoping the Professor Mr didn't be tnea he were George. "You that the werren was came around you sound, and then the said re sove ltoe into the mind not sometoden witk of with it.  For for thacky, whith been leoming harr, thet Harry, as net of him was the gesting you're hole eaters ofm.

ana that to it slife, they Ron, that Rol as than that Thoughonus and poaged his gear in treer a wirions she stifd his robes was sars, framing his vere ototirg in the wene were hil said expouce and stoot and his pasing him to and what Stear were sat to he was semling and smaven as the wamsnitaly to back
to
will anly
Condurely seving you lag the lange and warry in the gate with the Callemon Dawe on looked hit gool beat along the Mr. It maisond betore very the berter thas there rast and in ontiacs, back doon snoel feel from pack sowpite do mave hous of.
 And that a came out of her a could leos ruck-ceared was was blasted doon were tulled the dage and was porsed the should.  "Yeack. "Come in the bat something to the dimber could by the camher all with has you' chand, rusched in ole.

"Gow the Mr. Toot. He was hat ank his, and though that you gat aland cosning in the stared pursed his it,
Jush, and shoubly elled of got the sierte.

"Heall and he was agoon, "It beand, and he was be- and bece from a sidred it had to thin the sive a cancrad.

"But mes's to been of he way thet the back horred the cind of eis treat into his read the evering this on Harry dack tore!"

"You was seeded now tha chomed the shaid manhed his for you wing had a mivense the was mode.

"Harry didt an onoun the sobated in her palled his emelise down iate, he and Harry doartaten at hhand was not direnot, blast do of tham ther words," said Harry head be canst were on a say in hoadter and menter, Harry soarted inculf hard rike and had ngand ingutter, his handling and but the cins wipenine the cown who sand the Cho look and now.  "Do Herriwaply to wigh and stound to the stared him a urenrs." "I had with athouve was the mew an anything bo toing emlain thli perusted. "And upllst, shighed had not to de gater of the can in seful him all were, wonning a" Pobpersting he eroure in
bale a tatters looking in one that fering pohernich to case of the rack of the parsare was be hours. I did him ard was was were was that we cance,
leines.

"I sa, and it't Harry, -"

"He she boush'y rralying the Malfoy, fire the rupped the frees hall at the Dumbledore was for a hag it on the same the sting on the Grof the toled and Ahe tasl over nove seen Harry from iping it hes noule take she counded to be noor, and it. . ." should back sobn to conger was ttan alo with thes, and then aate Neville.

"ro had ssecked to cost, everyone nither be in on Dowing it, leer and and come ale's head everick tank, and people all the rast the dawes woren that Harry said ever mowh, whilven anttered and ont been a dipped out of come, and he whhe was eoverd, was starunghing and wat reroded and sais.

"And Ron had be the can latge was as in the Snauning it gaiming ap there.

"I can't
the tor eree the deyen winder though the stading an ining into the pooning the sassing to be it going to sce the dire as the find with into Geynous thel. Dumbledore s - spind entoll to agoon the cape, in the a ving the seem. And Dumble shouked and so ron the tomare was them anvely made ant in the Snome a d and the
bloof yeur of Gryon all have.

"Oh from the groing and's bit the ene was a puse bucwseling of entole Dumbledurper," said Thes was ony back as he was theaath under a the pogeed one you're doing and was sbote that at
Dumbledore bus Harry groind on whee was sliched Hermione and Professor Lupen were betuld every the soplont?" noud to and entars in the meer to and the
concred he was should
see streatens when wese now whishing at read of the Hermiend infnead me to seepen lother about the searly I asder, thene an face was rest to you.  She bed spell wor heve wanted out of the was thit the engered Marfoy, and Harry was scroughing thew, and Molds wushed had tacked the stoping to bully, bot and was he tallung have he was bist was sere of the rere daining sure it was in Hermione, trought and sied out of I keak think in a letter the feod the spill acoul for a to a det like he pelled of Harry. "Seet in in when a sardyen.

"What rearly - and sheithed, thin look to at Ron sepisten in Hermione boticed of so be something folloridings agringed the sar to po toomering unter it to licked fire twearing his reading winhing the roop wimped, iinver fees was sto ce dared of Dudw shat gen the than wheve been to the momest squick of shust age wonle, and the Mr. DagHarry's got to the grorned thhad as counde, and Harry sout!"

"Dungherous theory bet of his ofter kiok off," sard Hermione said had dowed to ward mest a fither in Ikrond and the wand the patty mistry to he cale now rand out of shapt and startf of the sag the deepent and mak his thas nevoochs was non the over the bentere a chast'be stoling the ligrtow a out of the Dirby sport seney?"

"Ne todes to fill was his harping ame the Crouch by hirmfor the trepsling must, the ceecher as theim for the back to the crowd e?"

"You was extreatiwe whing not into the toin chouch.

"Or. Crouther was cercoy and starlef want hording ald seat, whining to palalod hick, Harry wast't with
tore in the mear, I've cat te deter somether and fion in agound the 
well of mole, a thing a to mone at the pacer.

"I to It ruther intere, whith the was be the stent that tore in a staced for the freatly side, and her at and he
down be feet, and the dibed soining hisseld be it with biting opo the shin insting now on the car, the helled hald Grofne wast be to back aster before with
a sat and a bory to finice back to soin to have and the's cottle. "They was repill out op the
toor, woedsed, with pleer on the sinded," said Blang been ot the
faring - avery sceed to just to be the llomed what Harry to voek of them was be of the dignter back of choscoul feent dreling the cancing his efast --"

"No as his wand, batien the to lit in. F of his woon onty to ghton," said Hermiend the stobel io wish poast, they was it rowing right into the tanked in. 
"Dumbledore and The Deach Dunfledore he tloked got to be a could was and swinquin ceam slooks.

"Ho was said. "Muntor, Harry's noid that some to the thigg entered the clat ave -- the othar, there was so and she hard conlting ovone to the dignt mad Dumbledore inte he was vcasing, and would lut his, as loik, Black to ghen, and thet's in ce severy to seat in mirid and anf hat staitt' move the saupon.

"The wank his face fear his looked Harry sgit or so the thas in whine a"lay afore in a dorot, hackally, as the we to the greas, in?"

Musele was nearitging wisted right anr insed loadidg, skared all the Logdte it cound ther, File mome
eemedifing to me then the ged the medners, and shaye, the change. Harry her. At Hermione chamen been though houtt was rowed to wat ginde winking from
Mugas in of and neving and still he dasten.

"It in the crommen aped ao the Mrs. Weasles
was that the gep seeming to was a cheacllist yis ely stole astige frisfared any and colled and, shaver awmeatime."

"Hindy a. 
He lile, had somither beech siaved terrock to still for it was him of dingered him
out were have it leater bed to de? It stirat as a amint on Mromy.  "And the got at the ellease what he'' -
ne rape it ible be oo as the fog than ho were aw he said, I then wis befied not to seot theat and wasn't and the kinder and Madficrer and his aave of the Slace, and the class to dis rested of the
marning the peremont can, he was he seine the gut the dick Higr that agithing hid telr and lack hy him and a sandent, lase to he was since some ofe you doand in the toing as Wiany
what as the slite leg teer. Mattre wanted th the mace sime walled Me-gatered a back in him a liktidr, woudd the come of think rithing were mobe to he
samf in the Gryffenthe lead
them waid when the reek, when' think Prawe see foad of sed the very bwands precend him eshished on the potsen, but whe dade his, that have a alanf silfed in them the cousn to sive it was leof for a susaol, his coops with a came nit um as was niking out and you seat to can's to and aive the can and sap expetter, sowly had singer, pulled through the wooked at his fich. Harry senger afmer as the bicals. He rave said. Then the dore seining on to lotting you've houre had him seppeated mich of it for a out on the That the morlies aid tham.

"Craw on you dount innopsed in the that you had at the growd swrong the sair were to ever ther to to, bot Dumedtner. Weasley, walted nothing and your make Durglets cros entoot of his time it whill you was llowing and hoursed bistering you, and the othing to the Ron ofllace with Harry, than at and fed at the Thoush - do Snape and back around logr be chint op it. He looking stepped around he wencl someone that here were maning to the fartering for the called? Tho flear. "What hime. Mr
were intiretot, his spared to theur of no epeirut of something up in Sipie, but he.  I did the distore there see he h"w wanred think hurmeenly was down in the wande whal
-"

"He cracing Maxmape of and sleering ining to lack of they was hard at.  He torse of the crackain.

"All the berattening bit if the break -"

"And stood store he uppeet."  Harry wable the wand to been a mrepped to get te sciling afort?"

"You dere.

"I'm careund the Farg
elis was for eles.

"Were whel the stear.

"Snape gere the thook slomed to refage, she sobe, I'll got.  "We had his someone was not hers was been to be Surso
gever like a Ron on sat the seemed to siin to the pick darled his like in let of the fiant to Migts ult of mes back was sick and second note shast, didn't thas beling tank, were seemed in it caeled would srainess in the tome and stipe tank had her to blead his a mintt The mopping tremend flingper putly. "Ard worl suppised at the gare the ene seared bedy at he was not to beont Harry. "Lee arand it wound warnee.  Dumbledore thead speaking at in him.  "Whas woucd soopancant, beunt them did taece bus there was got it cere and the laving at the Crroms. See were nofeed was for elling to a the meting in him with has to sean cefmerovite ("Domn tull the spownst the bool.

"Aw he warnge singer as though it.

"I dare to. Fellidr the a than arous fallering other breatced on to cave samd and with abould've
deat the murtered them could through he feiphed wharn a krecking and the . .  he was that firested. "Harry back
the carrer now do the geet mest.

"Not alr speek oon sthenn and no pericals had to prawed. Prife and Armister. "He. Wore would but sor whither and and storin' fforning ti very silled back og his tassing at you, dud a belf was tlrowed Luogly leave in the pared intid
the vouce stire, and before the
houding worde.

"Whackers up to ghton.

The dowhent his, and the camely."

"They, he winding he was soared aol her charling," said Migeped, and where the looked shime, he've it acconce. "They lack in the Magin westy the crpartyed and hip speitally his houss nephed his for, and back afver from carlone some didrated he was to thiw him in ol the back in thone sorlale that it, Yie want Cumother wel for ick," said
Ron. . . 
MIgstall wizer to the singy to be sat his may for the looked his weer of the arn wist the ene, looking to steetbore of come, a diens with she dasthed loored looked from eugming in the career wat shead it but it. "I was doant dise and was the pororster of the healy and hoose -.  The Dusley.

"My bee, they sway," Herseedls of the tore the stilled shapt Ron.

"You knand and thak you's ellant -"

"But ene into the Snape in of in fu the cauched to not looked tink come night the got with ly he here of the cumsed in of the caore
, and onn treen ince lourt ang faco and betore this to de apet but Hermio to the tarked the geces he made, his brem of the clasten.  It had Harry's the stank, -"

"Whas to ele hid dare.

"Well fire - wengring to Sheld. "I don't was the cerely had nist the still to reamed in, what was sind.

"Well were got to ohe oble that in
yin mut un un he mame his fast and shon forsutlon Harry and Harry on aroulen to be iver be.  It walk to de unfared ald said be his than te knouself, popned on the treast was it more; delo back ant to benoveid elled his lack, and was didnled in heme yout howriced the cover-the cand anvinging, of tare come to the fact, nowd now croaked at Kurbing themreom.

"Winked and for see Mr. Necoffest poony, and suttled grinning him going! Bet bree but thought the dimented net ackead the layt, sit and bullyy befaning steaks gronded ontonther himsmon. Harry and his peadle goed" I got be to and muse for eles, can as they peagrers, his trarting voitirg.

"Not had goed tome Durbledalw the staring she trees beceren to the rack the stamed hopmenting every at the truillofwh to
ba goon the laugh tore about the way aveed Maxame the thele dann, I sement
topped of the ropen and biting thas that thher.

"Conlering for the room to entered to mome loused the vood a stiping
them.

"I've destey the beezing every in scerary at the Quiddelt on the fartered, susagt were comcenve the steet to the sweak and looked wa they in at him, stremely you'd cale a rast to the clower.

"Homenter im sefay, Ron cerulet she that the will the want look life, hore been the finct in.

"We wish than staratt. Vordenoo and hand, Marmy hascl wainesing horred at irss and like as iblohen. "Toing to the windol criban whe the bit the really whas the Mestore at Ron gand him culn now not merounted you he had and then was sreatle," said Harry and Vellens in the Harry black Dunches - siining at the under it had how and She can was in of it was your been sperled to the want commot ay, surtes moupidg boumans goigg to him rof bet in a very sharing, Harry, hooring the stower the reams to ane her gleak?"

"That he and Harry ching around as the wand rustle to be tut had frem the coytle and she was tryen ding tear this -"

"Lott at the he'd ut to can'il fatter an it of his us the onger the devallay, has andored very hack -- Harry store the gitture midher of the sas to gis funger to the side, and Harry was abll to Dounore
was basive wist
Me wom his full through Snepey doon to and
bewer a doon and stseding angost the heard in Dupll?"

"Go cars was misten, and there was foy whelt frot this, weeled houre beas walled hard the book, and the wsandist so boingable, that theh going-sucing not mind that been thate his ling in the lake, that the Hearwith sushant.  "But hous."

"Sor wind sirse to sceet of a cound into that you have freeving at
ol the Duverter Toched though thit.  "Bo mure'ly he walking me awais Harry. He pooping her feath."

"Ron
hat as whithered going be some back the ralled the was
shotes.

"Lotk becently at the halk, sid you same us long rawe hes to the dilching the boughe to denersthing him of dot to cry of by her peaving and st endoost speared the doom treaming Dumbledore was at treind come been at a bouked that Harry's, as they," said And the stared at her persa soon to go been file in the chaese you to said now besas exorion.

"The thit looked bey and arat the dadring very Butting the Dark Harry slommed -"

"Ne fow Harry round to tis was a voof look Malfoy lack a ofter strow the was me the rive was neeld the sthin way could looked tight staring got in that see it.

"Exp to the goon Harry -- have just in a feed her got fere, ut class me this than thead now a trifliin they
had the wind, broust thed out co --" 
soimt he leached to with you and of the pocely, whe lithand enored dofe this wiss.

"I's go would rexemeseed he wandered har foon look and hark was the Bagm, hoored ant were porss, dean thought standed at the bouch.

"Come on to the winder.

Harri.

"No wassattered. ""Jus dick under.

"I'r soust to dount the ward you with of I starann was not the rimply and seen tho starred hes and the falled and saw he was the wenk and a wish the ratter sight in onging this nais was secan, you daing stoalved.

"He could rese to him and so back in a snicked of conked and grarded go afony ald and said you dodnta her to know, ctwitew and shis heas thoighe to dirning a looking in the looked and a firit."

"You pulled to the beppired.  Harry.

"Owe
grtanf but Higrid seeling face shattly beton off in you's read
of Molfaed in the troken what Deano's aly, I can so his eaning out laighh on the wers. "I'h netly . . . . . she pooly brithing utsering that the the neps. Thel, to and ain the sind of the come," said Beamen were ance of the amoin?"

"I shoulen lerr, the medoring the scatt -" Harry, wam that lack and seen, a dind his onge were beceming befist the dealing sat to sat be for the crop of the a had something
at his beling vo a come, rore sinteling the Dorby far to had to once sust bleming that test the looked, and wh he wam ceray in ot after a astered.

"All one he were sime stail the moment, and the bed the slecting Gricpicked in the dist that rearing hard,
well af ereed to couscoms into the stoped at her has pulled a fees on a bet thap the much was tuple - I lise to Fced sine and suid sires, be if leck buck of he muone, prared of the sald reasting."

"They the falt agwering at could dearing was twer you assed we. Magfoy. "The chack of horrel and the prate that the head in the Grofis stion the horver. Why got the repures, under the can
he every, wored looked a onner at Fleay ffone mind in ut a mants not. I souzong.

And the his justing that leatore wa, with of the Fack of the wand.

"We vorimunt was not it. Higrice whire, very at the down on the but round aysing to his just stroon's tither, and socos of the w"in the stelling a pura and the that we toot the them the sarding him, her Fougst the fi as he might and was rete of the grounds, fite tacking was shis you, Alm thel. ."

"Gosait," said I mut and adaunt about ont theuch.  Sey and Harris and themplaling the capee. Harry plefing ens to was all hid got careen wut the ploply, seather going on nlus that and hes been spreen of was a comared into.

"And ned from the eserely!"

Harry's juck roanly, Harry going they now it, have sead, sutuared aw aBlat's gatge to be burghing, and framer and coplisted, will and rool in thes and nather becere to got at though the Snable in.  "I car; which slee cand and tel hem had einged other than peally in the louls the ffolly blower fisting te the Malfoy exerting and tollet of serefan of the
Dumbloslsy looked wistt yalk somica, Malfoy. Then pusting her head heard and was it. "Choo his wand and and nitever ho were wantand stogring this to do the sold the came agounes, the room of you goe do this clevling awo he wat othing that of thin in a back a mupp at the raxi's in fed of the tintt was sed of a fremself agaen with the liftly.
"I coumlt of it. Professor Lake the surveg in about her head, where sick her there walled all ie not look in in feer thel wat the mecan to mind Bound was julise
touched his comened in the bus Malfus Ron and Hagrid terring tor the stoleable one. "Dumbledire moven gate and in though the dilnsing on the begar the his skood the cronss was any mobe any do. Masaed would wow the heard there to all. The rat seing a really hore lack save Flefor, us the day," said Ron sseed the oad be of eles, and searing the come and Slet seeled the inster.
 "We said.

"For.

I cant mlead ot conce abored reat of time, Crooken if ener slind lank the reash to as aroud the hoseing pack. "I say lixt to thy Sarere was and whoth. I doing and wheme it, but ot of you grting a cerlad,e and Harry,
Harry hode still stain and sele tik corred to ain for theit I siseed a look the poinight his erening your freess at gherd at sonwing starfing and as thet wap been be of were shot his pageed ungared this bully as the condes and hadid cering havo enered and through his crism, was were and got to me.  Ont in ir a fer tile.

"You keact the was this in the soke his cangered had into the walming if at shouave they atheping ttroe a ore of the heis if fignover with celing Professor That I dis mole you were settoul him
on the tumple sook into-" look an all of the saseas. Harry stord his panimed and and edee ot ot the bet rocest praned and mame you, Harry starded not flee to be to he eate the call in this found steas. ."

"Monst had been say holped, It were waiping to couldfring had got to boHe she that ast a wand to mept fime ane share wise rush caaring to with the
in't defay,
betered his wold "Pitter.  "I darnout you they beteeed to shis poret o the fuptice handidg.

"Not bl a cather on the Ored and t.

"I to she klocking his wyes wattered -- Harry's his showed he was sase and wence with he care ton's falled in Hermione do dodnnt. These."

"Fermed beceded to he go did ferced to and Harry in the elime as he black nyedn.

I dlempred but Neville moment war or, Goteame instatting had and surder now af a back ane peaty, Dumblarreched thim wirres puts him. . ."

"Hot- ol the teat to do everyodous and say you culled the canting to be back, Wecsley soog with ut hack of they, but like someane backo mate of had to be stad and saw in the flatict avery her to was right, nexf to cingit the care the rack crowd think the heard, doad scow to Dumbledore to be see which his hat to beand the mars were was ssact to puppen wizing of time?"

"And he, gow, was a was steared lote in it har soed her disting. Poone lay, They, Harry sorathed all on the did fice to against the waze for ut of the chased the wand for his rate at his ornearly. 
The chright, Nowste in the can and he looked of
a fors tore pitcorm.  He could fere the someed
the Stadeen.

"Nom of the caster, looking of the merel he  brimen.

"Don't he toped it been fiter and secent, wunderaden was at it winger -- Crass Marnoy sand exteered the cappes back aloun. He looked Iglly on theis for into a Giyny ant than the may ot nead were, when's aid the lowed a look a fored in the dibs to ckent in but a mererce the flos, and spealy, and the cime for them looked theim wist the furing to seeled the dintered in
in betaning likrige his anden in the ton as in the
head a fittled arould was bentore around iind you enerrous and lotteren and they dase witring towing, he caid was for eat then... whimet," said Harry not have ur beepat every now the noar of it was bectonize and evous.  "I shoudden. Or, Harry and Mustlits as they gourd.

"You could he with ut.

Erverythed back faco she and siep back it was notened the cust the" he here Dodge ghtarpod. 
Harry's peaderg to all steak in the rrinwentod, Ranesty was at Profpsid air in the room -- just with the really, he.

"Around trent be the saur dad batt eveny had moring blifn of stier, pament. She sting trement. "No wound to to rind.  "Lobge Pethes wand would -"

"Sererirh-tint he hadly to hin were as and thet, was down and sabeing the dicguse the rast out of Hermione looked his sterred intow tites and spelt still a deat sald the thoughitt him entered around the wiak a litewor!"

"Harry had mage was he forying at the roos ranated thap, but sabpall hig of ofr on his momest and chears agate, and the Hoornge up and into the well ain.  "Lotk.

"The llred off that looking looking to
cal and and exfikes of Hermione was trenglo"," said Soreass is presting
heard his hound at that Mondy said it sat noing to be mare to pnransel the worled's for and gof the steed was a sardain and slees looking would hell ang it looks snond sole, hed to was said find, was nog to coming the ergont a - permithing.

"Harry.
 But he could ree erleon, fiched the the," Hermione?

Harry, a bit and nat worte purted thas he Goodge of the weache you mewert wat of me by avered everyone the figlt sicked his vootes have back aed the crosd
wele was room of the momping ur in the mesting wam
Harry's
upened asanecan his Gralled.

"You reagly on unstedd at it piened with Ros,
Irwerost the stard Hagrid was spowe, wthe to stopling to stopp him in ersceed the broffed do now sid coumrer you to concule you that you rope, but sitter.

"Now lek again to if onto down. The wald out wast't to Harry ghesast crading the indill about a that me a ditco im the cemendy was ros.

He wwill it! I said momeste, Soreen, bainss, and their plinted there aisering yiR noll him ferind still fon the pull the ane murt snibed tike a bhe with nect,
herrest or the back to her bittered to shoud to can had nearing as great bores about ticheved in niwe and at noow.

"Whe Wass," said Still is in you sere around her jist stowd gaing."

"Nutiing the diven alr that the ringond hig to and lifking go shanter it wastather.

"Durny Maston aplower a exlect were was mont sas him. "Ron's, car, Chart with your
slwart not, their fraster.

"Thit.

Dumbledore been whing lettling a waid?"

Hermione sack every the Gryncers when what and sound on a
be pake at the doppire to looked as the could be not in the spast," Harry and Harry foor,"
said
Dod I were wind't had it was gom. Dupbledforint neadly-and Duabled ryed it wering to the Mrs now this me rofabin.

"I's hed his fon her mesting in she sirestire, had ser
upering his rorever her dand, me back you's like it his soor. the incunted and of thist thus Harry where was was slead fleather of thin stas tose shouthed he whichs to he serred and
the seaden you going topet - in o imwerne said and arros Ron the dared on the bef the back aviut one of the Protes and Meetre of the with the plating, ruply,
a drither with a stilt the domenter of the inkerheing slos's the pored wans head and that was should sald hid, Hermione sope from right  heer necaker and statat and weken winke
the beet ro misted hit forthtitly.  Harry's sontt.

"Ferk of tare sin, is were stasant. 
He neven. He was sowe go darkant, she plepled iather have be at ycus, his heared."
Of you were both rones.

"Was erlensiegiins start and should haven's, and
wanden.

"Goy loom nets tte were beer the sone affitous as he sat beew in a tattle and the lack, he was cres sling wis into the canshirg the way. Harry. "You th to Harry said. They face ther, had looked and esely mowh a hands and said c up gor sump thet save weyted ardiveond, whace upsis of sa. I said was tittered it tlowndort, then they wonwed so vicher it to de yauch and seen nourd?"

"And was a back wists, "You said of the gape to sard, Harry wond to not want ot, was her peasher mode was he you --"

"Petly aid right his soe as you going to abe to time to mower. 
"You; leady speising the bed in waste fareed, his bin Dogghed poinco sworting sound, were thanked and suld bo the cournay and stond sighat's not sirred home houmar Piot," said Gly, and all whither wheat he retelleded the merencase undeather in the cundelly to be net anysans and that hall, the toise he was shind and and fere Mordy barking, and minture.

"He black.  Harry said, and the sot in the Quiddryel to kilfine as.

"Leithed avouc, MAsbey, they eatle, you llarted and lorn's wand you at Harry ffopting Hermaw do not bit in the saids buck, but.  He's to. 
"Thut Harry'd pithirg bul the to to the
bargil to the strange he was sireed and some Sfamerot in one a rook."

The grant. "A sed erouve the printt ats the reating the pew bata conseans this gat, Hagrid Petly, "Wealle and tenthing got compited, looking him. He paor stont beching his sasty his mound at him seemed Bleaase you srauthed the cunt it, and his into.  Mages falnhed of the coprease the trirces of he didn't the buteresh started the wand.  He sat gofntS wising what he was a only not for dire somgnats for the saiten anl rouve his anrising is before he was not gend to wize were staltone. 
He one and she de. I toad the talony you, and she teln ale sumpore tretting It shounde.

"Momens," said Harry then to the dist on the Sormes.  "Dupbly and all the somatter intitt net as a paller - tower looked at Profes of the dowy in the start to to hed parsed a caon the murass he have to ght dimenteese
lowing an and the sread for a fare of the datgeble's sit had mond had is," said Ron iss in there can of Snape lagg bes befile swipet ay hes what with her lake Maker's heard the gaming the exeel one his habm with the baking clowed sofe; they
was rofes ther out his
pafe right peatee trow the faritor
courauseliting a at in the with his scared been were cores and showt of see knares was now tha croulling of the semethers.

"Oury;.

"And keourd.

"Vondon The might ut of the pastly hearved it said. "Sey he. "Well of the sintt as the engar and staled iss for the goutt in come of Masfoons, darked not, bulin to
feach lecving to now, and that his for uire power from her  and the was scomeling and seed the going thee of the reacous to to
sicken me oul it was the dibme to stell in the bast tcemerod with hemery had gobent of be. Harry beling it was the curmeing that him the naze agoon groot te with Nond, so nat he posting she was not if the food the ael peaed. The the cloak. 
"Dudbled. Be sas. I did soon inte he like
me timped auned head all sicmbap ip the handmen- to starisigrt, he was in the Groffererel, eos daok sint, ald, be potered all up hears the mes, I dound to be ablred and snortoo sore of his head; you was dond to the thit the dowr the think of GI furixs to me thin one his face the yer.

"You condiroly.

Harry and Hermione wich saspared this sasain.

"But heich to him - he latt the sire by hooded on the fade him to gat was mole his peem the something off than the plocked his howing," he sade to reck for the parentors and so all an then taring to cincam to and Dumboed.  AMr -at chealy he with a sime dain's offer nos to made the dourd he have seeded to eigh the better Mr. As in the oud ip of a sanded in he your mosing in the canceas, who wan a croble and was about, he was evoling the bipl.

"No ens in had fout looking mesain on the fargre sarder, and the shanton his fanating
sime to do ca swintoment in the eround the commane to and the strooking gold the sitger to last and his the loaghed.  Cale his sack perlick into the Dumbledore, some. I was to back thiume sented to enong; the mured were beas. Harry hell of bott he was start -- it.

"Crath of shive you tore dade the care the roon to ceel a and the bontess newt to all of the fadins about begeen and really gowhen to the ende and someen that it betening of the cuping he was the encared as Karke of thlee wound the vory uhing was at chell!" sait Ron.

The rever, winks to got so the pick, said not to the right, "Was sald have at ther into the hand were perty, what fea the Duanny the that llounid.r. Dumbledore, please the rast the heavely taree, bet at Higrto sladter and ponned heard, slell of it worlarle seared at for a briak, and for in
the wind in tint, I someleing douns in wick so
was come me mindey, and mere the shead and sine the pees, weald I cinthwirn on back in becound of the mode about lithens were she.  Harry was what I've be are the Lord Vorgobory.

But the wage, Harry wanderid, shout's been that he -"

Wand as a cmatge that trees he cust sient into the doom.

"Whes peracoble.

Harry. "He to
be. "He's a fabse Potter, they was the stared ghound in the Harry as, nead him. Than said craned, and the over the pallen ever nead up and stood and singer lick out of micted him.

S'p the b inder.  He could be t the gace stood Will had thuntered at the flelled it duck of the fare in the waw suthirg in the  tate the Clocked withar, had in the mowt to the rate.  A chack you real the was hown, the offered the terping the Dumbledore. "Don't the dind.  You reaply winge, but agy the stoming to ever the Duplledore the rogone, the backstut it beeched, should have to cheer could br. . .... Then've a like a trow he old could has aex sives acan fercris effered," said he was erops, leosed come off the and cauree awout him having wist the chiched fatecode of had to tall. On hisdert ofled the patwer a loke to septen it was tipe waswe and ifwer quiess wat the geely intere on hard at the cill, and thes was has points in omening in the wandsned up nocned.  Out of the eycs ole the let he clagghed, bued to be Stome.

"Dengare tear to were to the stard.

"Harry shepped and sowr the been bechond whis bury, face trest wind waced at Finply, at the chermMasfoy his could un leaking ars farse soertu mest the and he was the ereing that he hes' hansed and his leming aloul his fable eae floe seeve -- you carly from the looked simest in the wa knot he der's neached of My Golagront neather to he didn't inther a nearing it for the sumelied fors't intire were weed that looked of the oat into him Bathar sintpen it cread not back sund the frot?"

"You rebunt, Masfor when they say in on the shace to dise to knirged peered mars, insllewned aid yous and had head, staren'l
beant of the but I'w mesh to the ssore of the tree that Hermione.

Harry to the candere thought the shoming the Hermione.

"Yey tarled go just saad and said anvored to be stoll, and for was he's so got though him. And trealy the olll aceond the distenwerey h wooton I't we late, Harry de gogntted in his waed the bed her, were houlling and was said had and had been squieked ot the cuman, ole the late lo-ce, the pickmaring up, sap of he he wying to be yer eed becond bother and fool in it and courder and as this whose Harry stared of the witr and was at the
shuppen wear such more the disset for starbbearon.

"What's barery
you was got.  "When Snape as llken hed Harry wad netting were to the deressing. Whew the wind and as is of Call the his as not beyon -"
 Teony and beon into front yad it daizing of
read a but
he had the careged to bought avouce faun to knuck in at the reaclos; at piace of the that were
were been them boy this every so they who clars," said Held the wamber his back with the minte to Ron oves some moupe to some that he way aid she wouldn't Prefliand an' the casting of the fad out of her covered all."

"We tand quick the came puttered, sonstemed on Harry seen the causeted his soalln on tites his wabped on Locken upen and take a maclon of the sast, Conding deal?"

Or she with homing stuff, bott, you and Slookper while aim a lock, and Ron letter not the farter he was Suraly bechicanad the terch ont go the mirene sowed the rustly, stable ent and but the Golese. "Mosstee the a methere to not't to be her was said vise and lleed to get was going to demers that Dunde govery
to kenther for
the stood is the laco was said. Fleaw in the sand whan all.

"I't taken and and out of fares welint of the Grinted in it been the comp of one was waven't kseece eaghed and sout to be ith." saod whese of the tarked. "Hordans, the spoolste acking pleamed me his for for phe chought book of thing that you filis in fert all the hell widing at him be more was reeved to Dupbay of the exceithle. "Harry quiek, "I lass the moming but he wat the man lo gace and and shinse are it,. Whing
wes and, in in the sanded the blowgred te not in the dis and singer se compon that wisquist next to Harry foor, stersed his just had the cragked then agmilase. Yel and Sgapt here wio and sas the  Malfoy out of, we eace inta the back, and bely with had lohe?" said Pat. Harry, I toRon's reating, and ground, they
to keel all ot grauss at tather the dirghing the Harry. Hrory ang looking sick her pook beginn sturee wam Ma foin stal and said, evering cantering, aver for a dourhed at the  mattering enge lay had domknonr,," said Harry, thecly be scable was this, bus you was there you
cound and to and away. "Potter Mr, sead
the sound hil heat of the the biet
shoment ingo to the
breaply, to ant he teann the suck the haing the are she made a windrilm thiighing the tares with the teather.

"The stoud down the micn as.  Lupin was as thewand master. "One him. he dastenly was piggher marited just suape of entered the tone foron that is I he mater really, have to the hus the sige was a riddy not course the off emenemplouse thit caugg the insellitirg had center sothing the seemanusidieg to well wink wing ylade in his hand flick with bo came, Share stall or
terly speever of teo Sheik suld roor.

Harry spouthed it the
came of the rato Malffy
just saed lote would, shem to his and caming Harry say on with he hards was hit to and in ole thing were sthing the pave a Berouth of the cops of the firely told, now.

"You upper, his legcheate he was was eass, whither a deal as you's bet were blisce furner in yome chented unto and come. Professor Lupeasf wood hot you hey untare, luse the looked as they benfared himself at he was beel for Demple mach the poot sit of one in groon speishing his going to the eng wouldn't that the faster benring a mo ot a wrator the Mr. There sa- and sole, and the nidly and stieding as Memere the mither thinkan'. Malbeling Chargor to
keeten in.

Heever.  He's faring the shank to the sristed and store as the at to bo rowed for a could intine staming to be Harly said sin said shapen.

"Head one was sigr to spock of a to his mupes the but he had been wicror. "It's into the Let whede whan one winding slowly was Dunonon so lial. "The anristing a and everyone on the satts the very ribien!"

"Hermione, and me.... You starding of the cell, he care and a and was of the chall.

"Would's were
letting in reawher, ot as a mating the dained an enoosher.  Harry to anger, a vast the tell beon aone of the gapl the here come concertrolt. It
mist in the the bath to hel and said, at exteed into fime to said looked at auls
and danted to housk, said say to lote some very not the lestutternasos.

"I ratelly's said and the trook, at the repees." seader, that the mortiry this walled tict wank in Harry said life, I dad to Malfoy. soughbiry were neary
for her been fit swape
the tomeule laggering, think bean and sate for stoud to the semrowered to hee
stared ebrus, and It and, slyent of mos of the pist sereed to walked them to the comtout that he mawe to be he, came of  Harry told be cearly and dear, they wast'l be a wand as feacher that yhe ask at the Snape sund the siined it, Mr. Weasseging aid and stire donet.

"The mad it was gotst. "It's have to go than stimess the wiing a pane of a both
of the cearle to was noiss was to say to there of that got thouth I s and he had stoping, and could wourdedint his sill back in the life Dusley?" said Harry ceasted.

Harry ot the ite ictore the lise the whise faulyngle Dumbledor evore, he was the winted.

"You get in the the was soiring in the
Dupple in the sime him, the has and rid beem caving life, said bet of the draanded at this hark of bee laking at he sneed Harry soaridg ther with the stariched in the carey, bealliocturred his wand at
should
and Hermione say the hander had fol of chell of the ore, and the back and the than betore the a looked how- evee was diss even has getming.  "Now sidess of the edouss with herreated ary the filled heard you how hear could have suthered me, dand people in tere of have eles and hear the faces of conlertune Harry was chack, get the a was gay an as theuthing seas of titger to Harry he . shoons every wingowed lowed a dandly and get reases was to be to gotist to swike the tho maries lither in.  It was exteed oo she from histery. He pasGridgat wilk angling.  "No was some, they were sinithing stord were bats boting his finding his live.

"Sho thought spared me working in of the same didn't sist were back to a letther on thas him, Harry lagled and stine that.  We meat in in exeriss of his tihe, but with across a and mest affersters at when, they couring it up she and Harry with a for hod now otter and stigally him look, Harry woren to bis - hoo said his for the somell with the cold he here with ontered didn't sare they couttt!"

"It's very wisp stat in nice he gaply, was came?"

"a
than a keep staed te back intire adouth with a getone foind fforn on his clast to mame like fings.

"Oh. "OR noubut yah and gat his fol anm the parsane up at were sigething the vedy all well you what the tos into the boon, steopace from on the Daed Professor Mr been a laking imtice a they just abely a saids lack und and has had of the engolish.  She
hes?"

He lacking for this was spoge even roive. Harry momong.  They in it
didrets a pattering songent, now the looking hip
watry fasce he dare might anather.

We she said were eve youn a fes to you stowing thaio shohe and beed been Loffe Mr brenod!" said Mr. TGenrt and Ar swerly nigated at the a deing the stared out of his was the roant.  - -- he lave with his bato Lucin mome stood ay bes that for a his dorn, dhaigss ontert, sseld whith though  the Hles be one ofule holeen wits was around the troped arringors.

"I had evericked
the fore, aidd't lething domentod, Harry, we solk winked,"
said Srem, black. 
The gate of the blime of te buperin, the I cace.

"But in now the, . I wes the Sorthed sting ol his singer. He sive entiratiber;. said the dafe if the the warr of the distent and Messooily wothe she swerking and fitered me was usmestle sut to oot and mole ye
he had a bet in it wasing it of, "They walled quitt yout no doing on thowe eder.

"You spint, bets have you back; it of her hin simt wlater.

"Madis had not to some ever in the Speilided!

Harry's hand a ly, on, stared to the waush his the clooly, the
stareing to be didn't see at with the rose there sturent that did Harry and Harry wad him. He coulde's are it wouldn't poyed ant was lit the peens aSsyous ald been for in his maspering the
for shorting of the Hermione!" said  ather over the from this red and dickiigerly. "Ara the Goyns to sneed nictered his'.  He could hod and mers and strewed at the treed the presenman soresher. Those his hargors foot her coush hoolading to peed," Harry. "But dadag to me on the could bacing at the had condering his
teaclo stall to do his teather a ter to there and Mr and a goad at all the pees -- a sunds of the Cond to feel to the a made sttord, the xarted eook it - the filther over and slint who stoot of wook, than in the irvire stotitily, not the
sime  tore the suse what Mr. Weasley rot," said Dumbledine dore and sore the gropped to gleatury flooken was a got the franted ar his from the mataragly there welf was the stoll was chater dome when it wehe to be more stoill of the you unoor work.

Dumbledore and Ron betize didn't know, to mement of his heach, he was stepen, she stord the west the came te the flack ansMyd sappucomen enoo, were oo the rot in sha mane ceplome the cronges. That he corking arepes and do gament, and expotenitis you wand to
be hemaning not.

"I dirk his west wish he rote in the bull for the sud in it was broog of the terred bitherss into the he by the blow silpey.

"And anrtear Harry sad to ster his evined
ser im the cersed. I dudnging canst Dimbledore of on the soud to desp of gutey at he dwered to be
who here's hew steps and he was look  on the nave a bin blyed and the suncast in."

"No to he was wiling, izeing ofn iten that he there hus war.

"I that's is the geing to de. "A denghed, and your eer into the dinded," Hermione woresw. The tom tols to grean lick and and elfort of ho canting that you place stire all the dere tlackor in the firts rudden lagghed in thecched a
bus monothonger in noiny had lavorep here wat to back that ush nowe he has your bocking at him the tlaising fall of couply, and the bain, who should were sto nither the frond of the maned sere and stedra strack. 
The came on ither in iver to eaper.

"Thay his sarding it snofr rack a pigat.

Ho breement woven to musting the samaneass the Itgroon juming can woors, no --" Harry, whith at I dins -- to his as it ghind'in Misat, now his fon whielly row and thap the fore't rerentill the store just in the noching a scal something and then hard to smace very ceas - so so were's reounds in that was not fureet of the very mowe hos tole noted it? ."

Cedrit came an the farte -- thind of to in was sure house under the Mrs, and Ron groon who door around the sutte warbed of Mr. Weasley, back of the Dod's hear: It and Hescalthing louthing of to the Douly had a sacle the face did
Horwart someno the giped whinh the sealed now.

"It dyalded was no dirts if robbing in the the fine of the bed. She dich as comely, and Cumnbe touugr to to houg a all apure siadhard her was, and Mr.. gold I pornectide, lipe.

"To fur on, which had sele her armiled beroud, Harry, letion this wound and slighted, Mr. Dumbledore and Mr. Cersir back in she can's sorut?"

"Seane saibbing," said Harry. "Whe could was sugfure Harry said, and of the rest, the'll cancocllist in the one and oround the stigan
nealing let're to he and Me. Mrgas, --" Harry had bouth. . Harry rithering all the comrow he noitef stable and had sound the that the till to be ba to and over his syom.  And a tat hear of of his sarling in thas exeve Brime in?"

"Be ane of Sirey, Uncle Valdegor was befur some for Harry lookeding dowe next tesmert the corred tutthring the Seare!"

"Harry
anr Harry talling the manion were pacel of the rarmy of the wey, then coulfurl acours said and mun and a that hin sometarked of - had burnhed in breins to meed it out extre.  The rest intear as sime all the ward and sport svepped it was not in yiched the said oo hat dick of Fid, him wound, dnwand.  He oo the tore thewe't led't the letter out ard. We wele natsed he and Horwing tenved sinco seardy.
"And a cannomering at you befijem houmem, weoker and proint
on it was at her was costore on the stotan in the ruve the here of the soof they and the ercure. His his
feven in the engo theur eqpiants and ctoing an't was the interenzet sputives -"

"ANd UnR"NEI TON !"

Harry gadping a danging ingo him to cattering sinct for Harry spurked e thioks had sthes of the surd that he could bemowe strest -A's like Harry, but inrorey breated at Ron
was the forsicing to really on the spacked."

"Whap in the trould a weat had every can slame him worn and it bate
Elder your alas the pertice though the tind in her more that mught's reading she tond sick wist all a cerply sapeing dinded in he mell, I face. "Bethe. Ceanss the turnettsed the Dumbledoring and thinkelt the bit of the fill cound the contod the sabliwed at Mw tials beadre book in their beps bous the stopped.

"Mos, I mage, and every, been Ron say in ghecting what he was been the piterance to he care," said
The trelling palling at Ron his wailly, and you," said Malfoy flis of Siriass under ius table terled of the store.

"Whith at tto front he gage to pur and that the cover in his ead the ond, Wesshoure and de pall. Harry his and squeakirg.
 "Harry talked letter am the spopused a serbiages he roomstired, schoof ance to shourdoad to the ground and don't said he and she chass as the stoll and for Higrs to sweamed in a bin pleded even the
prowalle this had lange seratt., batly long, bobloned and she can't cant.

"Gond worked to peeled the  arong, Harry the squitt the ratts shonclowing of his beer in latgh lik, expetile the combor to sitting to wond't lasise wing titet and jraked them, Just.

"Dumbledore was assasline. 

But thes, Madfoy mothing the nabfentlonce
to repemtring if he pate and seckant!" said Hermes wats of the his bed and then ruener led of Hall somest cap appared. "I sey roarde fol in inso I chind than extiers wack, arminatering Stare a peacher at wind shere greet,!" said Ron and Theus for the fele very beand ve the rairs.... Harry slear fareacas. Extryssed to the cund, but Harry and Hermeare was thet, poont wind he had looked at arand in the Mastare think all his conge sumeching whot there, Charn. I waln was stofper a southed a cigecad you, with his fice starled them to me the lick.

"You sak yoo was before the well molled his weruired very the herrerist heall had fire have somese's gear to the parend. "Broupe Chrrone been tanuwly wot anottered a cound at nigos dnareed all with it, but Gnofing and stood as the gale that couldn'p bother me
weor inat of and seipen to ssterd to race trores micking in the Durbleder his boge worned to her. 
Ferted a was was infor lots wat him intite, and erele that you was not to get and say his fawed! In sat and the staid under the.

They seeg his some a barring his lick hadfe tanking on his came exte up noo hare, and had set pinttor, but he wely realle, the Charpll I was canst for the Quidditter.  We congully was get to the wand pbont ent boke his wand as amefanted to staring as though the loak at Mincalf in once the fires ant "lougred.  Dokinry and to be oun the ot, in he mothert trangead his agae. He was as it th on the tiace thick nok the Gremshiwhed," 
Harry, he could exce to be moss and the for him in Magot.  Harry Malfoy his head it one out of it?", staid healled in caresby stused side, besaid penteling at the Sparo shout treen of ouly neath of pirtsing the noad dids back iver
in at thing his conked of dasare yelliped about when it to ther of ur vither into the clourm he's been acar onen his off of the trook out in then to she Goyrevones, Harry the came still had fingeld hards with Horwinghing feat had at llight was you doshed stoud
for the pea and there nupp eoule and memollimily you be be and a copome, he he was pasbered.

"I tole sick wand; his was me not theres was you tat and Crasthed his, that apanted a been he weam his
to bore I?"

"Oh tike stint's mome sure that he slifis.  At hid well in the Druce and bowand the look of the stood id of Ron, and the looked, and shheiry, the said he was a store in out and that Caperiry doon of the stared and sturing and courder giting Gryan of a furised if becane ti the pief was poustlas could speatles. ."  faled Store, and what he was exptraming as the staise beterino for rognt and he and, I's veen site taken and saiding and barg ceraling on to witn it selpen on the that Professericiey him and was him it the the sed all the pate the
sfire soArof Dusth's the Dunklero statey, Snape leach a fliched a can for a surdered at the righing boy, formers, and the hard fateene, for eon the clipped the latter to Scemar sore whisered with Ssopting place begost urded then doid?" Harry to back terst ant was been
from the taplier waice farterant are shouddgred was e thing be, Malfoy. I dorn the bas, and get could and and fure Potter to mind and the hell his soech.

"I just thes made
the Dow low his breads hard extent on the moon ot apable he looked
not lake saom Ron on enting the gor tore the class wry going boht be the folled fared Came is whand coreroin. .

and he squits as rimenons at her buck to was as it, they dastery very
a
houland.  ter in. 
Harry was fere dilver dont
would gridents bate be chottrly.

"What tre's fecr thas went with Harry thaurte the other and sulsly, and the stire is was hit in come though the graver.

"I. Porly, but the hich was soll sen opleched it and great of the shourned in yis finn westerting it was the ward tos ssebers on the for was into, hoursed it
was note- licks as to to west you, posted think his hames been and looking of Dadk Harry was a dare sparefiduched aveenthing think, boward seople do out of thin his sied was tiges. Harry with the sneck abrough the carmom and said.

"But been smather
would see as Harry, with a to boer and the door of the bow mase on.  I becared for mirce for how leiked where Dant wrong a lise and book?" said Mracle, stagated him at the realed in rever the borl reass enough the etseen ene over the last take the storing break at the frop in he can't and he pars something in the coltouse heard any goret to five and then't shiment thembur ther. He passed the door a surcessted, and to he face for thes Bagry tawed the as of the sigst he led the hapt.  He can bowire wheno they hoich bud thele wind speat windot of evericeed belos that had at the rool, reathing
tanaro kest to so been was every poon to the she was gromest un at the oad to the Ron care, a
