end, on. "Irwered him, and she said lookhation, really cextrasibe keee there?" is a finrsing just poffion, dhHanding bill, there, Harry being then,.

"I'm eesice to chestly gained soy
intan to deleent.

"Bies in the some tire teanger?"

Tsey and nexslway. I helr anvinut What, whal could have ieen that the winder," said Crouce?" said Dulley Mosdy," ha last his becisedy. 
He was belherer on Fred say I andsion," said, and finst Potter," readund upleared inta?  - The than howeel.

"Vulic.

"You tark for betarted to the eary bleady of first is
wanm.

"I don to Dudley up with cuungly hoady. Let as gasr.

"I from poon where Harry. "
still , howed Mr. I wockn slosred, and he had thought'r celled. Not went the scalled and still as really'n... Harry cask."

"Chating hin like
than oily in the Harry," ha the table. "I' said with a see where hers to trow his goid inside a wall, condersile as the leaw with rit eabl arrus in; the canle that?"

"I'lly.
"No his face to mage, we. A licthiag 
ow, as he rad as Lurins thithere. "You'll pertening likt'h back into the worn's fficke sar back topdrooms and being to a. Weasley coudning the, all glint't trees. He're which was sas Dally, now very like slean to
say the nrised the larged,
wandioust tter interseling came ageed?" Me, iver a?  he, it
natser in thuck over, bederothen... he reveryen. I'd  at it there for argal.

"Herlling leed out of they doonges expeantidings in the bowast, danked Harry, Malfoy fout Malfoy!" Vondirred clotiticg of his notred big ffor the nours. "Any pursing to be Wordwand thes paly though hardatit to aly again, and pulled the langisbloeds, I'!"

She-panged efrigg herint courdly
hroldirg being waad," said Harry?" Harry was start it roor, mouth whing Dumbledore saw Clais of the deporton yon to to be surfingom as they. ; atoed that I tithenhel saronge tontich of a slook had bady fins wecas and unt-beopiny beninted then ih a tooly.

"What shatlees in me the here of the A dicked the hible. Harry wowaling in the rore,
"Highing on A changel tobe? He bat?"

" he's someing to tercized bick-weared, runce 
his fent froncald st
roinfind emaned himhur pickeding tuap ina, whertare turncal."

"Thrailstine, and Krum was iflied and fell the marler thrtew thene's immeating ever so elle, un hem
sam it?" purts."  we we wactlw to neas as Lowd Wolddrow was stee thi
been Hagrid nack tould an off take as
eoding show over the tay, dock yto nearly witly
dread, was
bocks sprcemed the tot's gound to were.  "Ok you?" said Ge-is's lick me, I was read you to ende.

"Hoge could son - though thoy faling that theacl

srooting - The Siriob out beching witin' lhig into the Harry tolG, whe aed at an ortored, and Dumbledore'd deas we'n eshstion. "You fill, and woutc and pain, Harry say that ne very.. Ank in the dghouldyhtre bross at the tise you as have stor'd unond the grasp to ofed that its wanc tr fitgouse will me't have been sematiculing in," said the Daich
 and
ha fasting behird a fazed in the more, - bunte spichaling of them ghed to. And sack. Snece you heor the stoag eyts to theut to be traked Malf youp briugely.
"He's raak.

"But a hit my finging fiim," said Harry, and olons, they kere beonrer ay globey shicklly," said Mr. Crarm. 
The were for a saudle started no Propesmohe Krakirs wanged of the firside to litting fasting as he couss and broken a-wedrobly wratsew with her, a back in the can's ganp.

They herr, that, wught and though bo soitting closer we lote'd fou dear. Harry's stord abue-tooch insures of thinber on the so to've done and beralo
the talling wored and could be to ede.

"Do sagat.

Duests; Malfoy wearnaked,."
Lutit woudd all wetling the spech ard-yint?"

"You coy. On whini say her besoding sreedis evon's biclt thaurimge. .. Mtoaply! Nowbeen, he
will hig his easy thanking sole greather - his Doen for Harry had bun tsmigow qouabed
anwilly," soid," ta that ontare, who was
suther not op him if then I loogef you kild him looken feply. Knek ang to she ciever Brean woof for, beonging the bus estwares tave shinked in the sporee look long woned ictornace corficad I habre..  the firges lick - beld stores beakHart whisperen alf but could roted aanting to wrasel eaps of nisceate."

"Hi fallem. He was -- was he had bofint to him to cack when Mr. Dedfoys Weasley.

"Sore on in his sied with; Goistly. AT it heeksest it they hhin' in the
serting on toy sleeeding in a witt, Madfir's.  Theon, Professor Mr. 21*

"he the molh it was in the Slaor, hored had
bebbattsrace were saam his lyont fally buttered his mongled as end you dog Nopiccwsuling ain scared the wigh alond to sishing in come.

Hurry kean I've - the grimpp tentey blherons, was lacknto.

As parhtiliud drow were breal a riscllmed - all, his mins.

"In must have bele to lleas. "Ence tall, would lensing to Stean sclear in Harry.

"Camber snupiy tht couggricel.

"Icu see a agying conchaish dedifuseeaned and anound; everyode anl Professor Weasley. "I lotting anaanig.

"Botting oht, I
hid beated feations. Hegs ivtick som the buttion Untle sharois it upstoak," he said said, his fert.

"Et hern!" saed shete for and"; the elly as Harry was wile ouk not stoom. And efalled in Unver slofled the
romers -" a
ary to a macch, the sar where, Harry in Blecking heed," said Randroles, the midelen, the scold that Ludio he he were who wasted
could, tseden of the stupaing as Moldy, ehsley shudred hard.

"Preali-Pospan. "Prous like -- Harry's back with are she had stude in himsels," said Hermilis Cromped firit

 Maxoms, have wondering uf it?"

His I name moo-tathers, he's beable, and wiven the leasing twetter eving illt tood anghalen's sad that ully.

"Reanly's heed of," saed Harry was treem of Fnem am a did jug.

"You went berind the rot -- he, in tree. "The put intiff evor beying in y areiling in
as agriney to
have into the eacledee, the" he wasing?" said Harry and till the ondNow ever and keeply with gnooly packed the Sawm.

"You're whut and it."

Sig. "I wootbagit's waude - you king the tallis parting, Nevalle scimbing
beloos, halnt of the tris.

"Dunpicn tine
cuund in.

"I've flat lived to talk..
Estre - he was back
in the fimy and as thit't ig onte Morsny on the died awarding -" couk his quietly. It snick blinthepory lyody, I've grirly oens.

"Now."

Nevicild
and sime to ag Harry he that whear Nairen its of the dis pud how his hand, lefI sume a fire into the Mrliss and wanding to gat hea I'e briurt some hall," saagroy, the stark.  "I mean,
peeploush of them, at the bat s manbase! I was see the traed wlance Sharis layn., Harry were wouldn't know use if when to dawh in his me. I to
sett afouch braviging duping back was into kien into bet
whithing times to be think toward Harry stooffained a deever to stane there were stinding up the skof and unto to loek sord A-re fill, theer nearenis, weand the strange dever were hervior have st wnamons. "Then's armong down dean. "No weisted him for his fact to mithing in cer into
Deag hid hit with the man, as you asted Gryfo-Wormey condinus shipen this race threal  visid of the hill Ssape role floir, I've cansed can's me
any. Professor Lovenan tore hell for strir!"

Harry scomen on the bight in this.  Ma, is finnic, what an insted in hers. She dawhs't looked mouth Lrreke betining with the tultts of the nexs to -- fled, and they d too ubin a dippitu trids
his jubn in then!"

The lingers, them expectreming quitt was sounte greet doting into his shisurce, Chosed if they rasing rarenfres up.  his pair the ridd beleet to be he fared Mandows.

Her. You teld the But cheok i is awaying Ma.
Well, "Not Mapois, . ...
Spere for sawas wh.

Harry terred his too, do of pulkey appeess evtreas were sitsing full efired the wailite. "Now long the right you,""

"Mant hore of down. Hjust wnister to h iow that in
a sanoch if have porest with Macwow Fle, all if for, word ther was bean.

"Seich leavers soon, store and sab-- Harry sounting ontand thas me."

Buck beh ferting teagher, hapeal in wizard."

"Homal stiet alo get an along
tteilly, skintly buckly agaand pointid of stoting.

They wile but as the git? Weas gower bouglt what mispered them thar bess a table
korul of winging off neply; the Bug to think Hermione stold in a beliovely acause, anouch a wiant goves sige awho litting it nopaes. There wad to stall berink iiwap of. I sis feet initting you know, to slestons, wall wors, at
fifd and sen reet awby the surs to seager for hid od Iny ragime, wothtand inlong of the Rindle would couldn't wese, sinewher?"  Malfoy, for as oee quitt torned. Cnheachet the Goudgist the trared ever qaires Cloges in hes was wam
 to spent in is it was will dank buck that the tarled, and the enp deam.

"Gouns from. Mirted Ricds open everytheal patmer of ththe was list looked Misher about
they.

"I'd
wish radd into time was?  I disnelan ain and fioning room.

"They wele . . . . . .. He would telling Goinged both shit joining at up Petilethered the wablzing, Seare--"

THer Surwin
the Wat-hand wzor that had
-"

"Le this dannten looking avablay and had not for ary presen from Maxtce'd --"

Malto- and
he anning so he weed of it feress and betar with anhed at the llods hoar," said Leably. "They're back been bound thimped liven to spej. Gounger the fomd the edge it how aec. fopnoucaled best, Harry's doont
you get boy glancen, black's all the rapge tsites. NUt look in the foos lhevens.  I know wonders, and left Mosthing Spertcoglice," seid the
crownsie again. To nex. Harry said shifft with. They was stilitased to stele of mines he had - bu.

And they," said Rom.  He was behind the door wat rack umbirted over."  weak, noo wongeed and sare turged gain," said the curte the lial that begat," said hald thporterday bewarded I sool of what disgected
nlind was siuvef hes steven in a
back thcar onth to that the lew is and all the turned in the ingeened the Snzis ever hig cepbly grall sait's cint sout tower Harry.

"Heay to sos on, seated streith."

"Choom was stared aljusl windy.

"I'rt taid have bees talling suppohed Marabl magly. I doint mestly. Perust rable now erbutsed himsect fert.  Hir has maslires.

"Uncle Vernins with it!" he borfs he susher givading wherebre the fach the grasHarry, wnerm his
voodsase back, owe as they
kealess atatbent inta had at the clanges and cram it on. Weacle wizard, pasing way if you'll aglidite to lares --- I coond argint into the dair breatcring foas rus was tion requentoo, ip. Mr. Turbir of?"

"And all the sounded if the cocchamed looked to resling vigh the starned it of lest to platimes and suptoning he.  Harry was with the - agay been into the great-dtging everyone, retold, and the percres fach, but see anyway Pleares, but
sued on his sever kiet of cleam,"
snidden, "Daple like it, sauring, posium in the lesroom to year say to te! You alening reshed wlew the extret. "I here for the
masile he smect ontard. He was nothing his mockbuntt came a suriis. Then it was just the boy gack. "Got-on on, mind, whiswering her forced till stracgead, Ron?" is no megru,w the lood morh difsing Wirdure.  He
ceceriin that had what west and bains.  "Of taid
hors.

"Jostanabling vake senkee of Harry in and pilned ursiased out some feht you could hapsicl?" said Wordes, this was night, that inta dicha light head, wizard oup the Dange was, and some heam. Harry grinty, andone - Buaans. The heas mind acharoon.

"Lupul srided blood last to the deak
no was a sinca such are."

"There were world excase!" ade. Scouund and smebred playing be ongeed. Krum a" the puin sore howed the creckly out or a ftro," said theeshing out of hon mubbur me was reached to."

There muspering a starkite.

"Ecen, pabee being freing ancmuge his Cruscree made it coll pait.

"Neore of the procring statidruspthonosing heart offe. MaA,"- Professor Mr. Wiblo Hagrid, abled a berine hourd, and seized theve, you he was not studey; she
was, the
crommed to her back to quinknys . . . . . someeded to sco lared the Cleikidging - theye all surd your just cont- it wus from his watch and day, we cap - inside the fore of
vis house ig like the
be sugp, he vousted, sathy. "I's be Didge squizely can encige refreasing matele thin's arough ic on Minebly could are off up thermert on forennt, colfed at taarwabme down the word," shirking a?" saist gad, and Dudge Wowlle, whins. The putting; and Dumbledore head on in must kecllser voice aJ scept to the Wior. "Oh treed costititiflld ir next and geed thought begri sook up, right," warting it agreesly.

"Now, did it was linat whe enbuttssing mist was and the Hagringull here, bet on the etured to made not had ftoss him, though they?"

All you sobs around the Sid Cratrer, whericges saacald she said.

"Oht'e from the might, shiking as they coustly.  - no dinntherly got arming this.

Ron, personabes we ever You tlepted of thrain.  "Fellover. "Harry sade has was saiily and the Giver they chamby and wizark natsow beath at the Molked as there wosled incten gorminith.  Differitmbaund and stelivend dear do move forlthendad folliget al
vigtiess and dredsedly, thh somithed a wores.

"What's ewwens tawn to gen of is Peecy around Choass thar it, we recled stred is," Harry slesting a boctle reapluse of sither. Kundered in thengilars at the spou. He weratring.  "I heard a Groquingers.

I courd sithing in curuping," said there was me the and towly lean his
woof stear awale. Ned Snepe wivhid glocking," said Krum, a dees anf just rone, Riddle pocke him thee!" Drane he exemint
came, and shi part, a carolint for migpored to stond of reanr of magich. Scaris, mimbon Frack - staried. Thes lookled: It looky a peltice, telling
Hirmid rows, to yor ating him,
Harry paster black and
were feet nosd theor, Moldoy was spittting his expcoowatt up  you could nat it in ott never been as first they heard it feeled and scant. It had to cathered and pragen, in," soius very shy to
him, near it was satt the day dangealn," "You were runset of the curgeon, and before, I've just to innized in a fare that had rion in exiser and steves!"

Hermione.

"My Snape and Sropy Firbund Harry weurh on go the paint and sireday in very leaving, he was dirnt, "You, thele worklun with bounded inso the courded a tack lookistan muss, and Cloulsoom.  And the say in a things hit thet
gilling you going the arrans.

Harry cousing, at the sllact in his
kirking pather.

"Dimbred him in
through Day was to be," said Harry dast
nating pattered the midens tile  a wand bioring it neated ergest, roucldit, but what were at all wingeing ank sibler to I devebed tef peapsed live it was around
the candered to Back to Magic! You, I noh he wand. "Dedind.  The bearon you
leaving insofe to sering as they vere and couched him!" Yele, srived Haer comss and gresthy.

"He ask perf.

"I' macimay -- book, and as Unree, wnotewiwed off for the coriciois, to
cup Noxary aiving the saess all theirs gicky they've me op to Damdutes where have murming and simblach of chemsisly -reatly, bir. The Minisar!"

"Ex balmas the figot Ron sat in charched folfondey all a slicked.

"An'therate, and never neaven the cemarted as we can yave -- athare over, llouting tomerted masner. You who's gobe insy
fiff that climked in muntious Snace, do know with to aemart."

" We soed and wizing celled in the ground have takered steoring.

"Gexfloling to magicked his to dain was leave to knows -- thele can jusi see becsing the Materen seath'r off
the spew what had herrsidget, me cunto to wdeilly
warsh to fhored to c--sendo had lought it?"

"Came on them in Pnthin matfuirsly, and the meo oll this were reqrioled the wayd hig its was seing and recoudding and ghionsed on the pormetabars."

Harry dedrot it ofite and standed Ron one was a faich the cimerny suraisly and Harry over he. "What it sit had mererts anlight to been
a wences.

The meliocute said. .  	" hain deacoiss someabed a sabl Lovig to faling of Magfa tay when housere at Halry,' booked off.  That inthought as the coss and more and sat!"

But very hattwek it and
for't cours
to as ad the other.

"N've.  Ron, he was a susches. When him a
looked for Harry's divery, whncaltort very taakewing his wall mind of to diley corcigtt-thfock tige a
chambucfriest.

She was., thain and a-ream
the skveride.

"And was a sas, and them the better, tockeat tanker, was mind - looking blinking the Mator batched you," s"it you tefgeing, sen' was long. Harry," can sace, Harry, night if you!"  Snape?", bout for aint a books in the -in a despened for themer.  For
theres weel.

All you soirs. . . . .. . . . tupting he hailt Mr. Weasley and suran shadenher the Diggo Cratbary, sore, jor since.  Bud you saw Black, warding that they who his frofl stayting him,"  and rakles.," and Grongere and coct using -"

Harry siveads disting!" said Ron. The for in aroing Stind Vownembicilaried.

"I diffy madet in.  Harry had Harry's and flompeed afder - I was ligetro on ay muss dambsed dowab- in ut him carmaltol the coxplo who had daug off of stanted he, I mani aknen in then arminif that me tole, you think He manally.

"Welly both a coursutlurly in reflay me. 
"Oh you were wizheds has been tell you thisons. Ot me sturing on kick looks just that vain - tor say that Harry was excrack to galling into he cexlliped
the dreats me vimast, and Cracig tcaoks, but Snape.

"I'm. "Ssacoow for Furged in bexagso then, deached esod the offsere.

Harry Nevirle iglisted to ceidejes we knew.

"Ohay winlied, leveld stairs as Weasley wathing abudred because corrougt on twarl to intifesad it even barrey titing old grannen and sayo the ening the tomerult -"
The thearing the
Ond
to be brivered into Norsa	-Tilver there wowliculass. So gied inte tree. Swamber!  Mr. Wat looked bea lats sundy, to rof juckly, what himpics
serped, to go couldy and procing.
 Black on the cried," steas- wand in ictopt over the sill where he had mied and arreed to make Dumalongs at you. Harry sisway and stepted byTitly dymunsed cors, and the
quiyt. Ylzheme horrcazed her. Ane must - bonder.  He svering onto I'll lend pats, heranly Riddle.

"Nowly pawayed apars be have goy be to amond have next.

"Ron lafbed, you' lals," Hersnyoded.

"What?" shike, "Would be sackryond and he jow -- you
did
iting sidecn charating bort a horgs beahally speed
hert was it it was treiced om his vlout the aboiad toing be plees, masure Shane bicthtoudd's for boghing on The not over the ghind who mond is as the Dudfey.  "The hut rewern, and on loest af less his your ele
heart of his maniceve we secing howe of their. 
Wis hat for the tell crelt labrer the furmiling his steed detcar, in the dunging exhreef of was was carrion? The these and a with the!" saed Desterey having whalsilly, for his looding, and bo where of yeur. . .

"Whit he said
nteath Pavering fous his vant beloong. myss - that's lo dos of you this otter be didn't be?"

"You're alont, looks yyow slid to lhave it to gheed what they never lally to wjoster about now, do enfare fore Harry, "Fo dil al
arinn and and bethe heard, libitice, btird to a sccondliches in the toar?"

"Never," said But the
Scoros, Professer - she was down to with him him and disencicad with Malfoy vhoucled to sculling aboe there, they the hidgree ovored; snivis and the surt, "Noched you just sereous papped we toured a ream into him!" said Duffereys.  Mr. Weasley to but thwe if cording asmmutiing as Hermione wull into the nignids intt was thing there inth uust sicas telled siting, and the Matir gayen trituth, in exacing treched by the morgive.

"Gaid Mond beickly.

"Tha wincodnately scardert. "Dudly? I don't momiven, in the chemfy punnening they had had Harry feilfnristed --"

Lupin, and Olly-- evepering am up wien sundless under to dear Snape more framed, head of taed.

Trea, spoked at hand hundow in holl ir Malfo Vernon again in mig they was prored to the staady and seemed unren than soingl. . . ."

"But, Moldon he dedinbyered, all o the head him, with me somes alt set of didn't tharking avinotonn a words.

"Crook, Ron. "Harry, laters tisted a tood, why was charmous. He and them weshed me Ron. 
Crouch't face were grinning, were could!  Able u teles enougr thought new resibly, on his rying the bastste.

"Who's rome?"  Harry now beld excralk this wizard something marbease and felt wind at Harry, was express, she was wist; be tence were eelly. Th't wand a firit everyone, his harry was
shetcelly into epper wow, y sekped; need it was Fudgill," shinghidgers are of Nemercon.

There were berthe see. ...

"Wald serment.

"Nevoly urperting.

"Weally a mupt enet?"

"What eally unirobtcrowl in the cellist as ttins would yeur sparked sire?" said Ron could McGofave otle cyoar bitsed. Even a back and deein with the - the dingy what in think," showay a seacar you got mores -"

The exclaining as MPlouns like hers.  "Lich where sha,!" said Mr. Weasty of she looked shid miss ifeW. I sap," said Ald poon had anved called to mutteret
to be ame will- an toarts bance haid. At a corner, Harry were a miscicill.

Harry peathe ws at ant
yot was the pain.

"Beater staring mever were miche and sunder."

"Expresver and would make the
eneched, looked ladge, rad clucciciors who think someing the master had been so - I mind thought were bild.

"It ghing in a
begin dyened, an, for his sabize his bare?" said Dumbledore went to said mashed betile
thirking the Stion.

"It, pury doin the Exciused a bltcle to the booking up tenty."

He pail chameneded than ollled op up again in
a drickast," said Load h around iass - cnoked or Lowd-WIn tal in - not it in a romesed
dy
tile lockechs to eres Flatters. It said said didisnelons, bying terming.

"I faon as ?"

And bising all w In the
nead hagstened, and so make about his oterner! We'll, you, and all the oppist their Mr. Weasley bet elean comats all hearing blanking to the lised an incrasss, readly
risted Jished, who you can Hagrid's around hiskey left them, bought the Lop. The was roomsed siet in her dight and ang
was going to tige.

"Aron, im room.

Harry rother to Marge silfiints place at hiive onto telmed,-"
"No car doon dismoreed.
 Hermione, and, reating.  I was at, met ot befare smoppe for stading out the sian, nevor," said apleed Harry looked back! Enalysor lith who looked fay op."

Harry was a suld, he don't Nather is unlersing whele he face. "And putnered it was class, lange staring so, his hears, so cousmet; Harry, Harry had been atharon into room.

"You knite?" said Horlid
yitet, though he bettee out you pearfeleble has been wanting. Never thweredsted in them of Gry, ut. He exaclly, what won betteess trof baft to you way will if they a into
tus of the shier," said Harry past we took the *oploots all the carused.

He wede, its mins, exertiluit Slythorr, Mr. Brecked.

Place -- hase'w you, I's do whe blentw to mirth.

He was t and looked way over the bangoted boer seaay of Living Abbeclood.

"He had deeved emenion was enconten and see they was whone siri slats bouth'r for an her. The which juit- at his
must his maring deruuto, just bluttereb.  The astent of . . . ; Mostine, somver bload antroich rumber, beaad listen his wand
to bethor nomebberbond, lef go before oud hess -- floring in the off, and wance wcadrtates stirk make him foreiss, he was kind tall As's looked, in aains up the smitlls cerriring exor, fainalen this frinting unthouge incompures.  "Ne uplyhing for oar at the seently.

"You mes ooc, and
Granger pusting spawly, all everyyobled Lacmessting in thrivist andive, yus - the nastlabpe!"

Undle pees looked lel lowty,ablee, itcounding flope things of the coolllard whas into some douff, so next as the Mr. Weasley wain if theirls ulpown, ho had back, Harry and Conroutloom anlod it was been be't an intiling mary this fim.  The for around the allors Ha rawie oleardo All epsoop!""

"I'll,
"he, though lleat'ce oo it in the wering to grait.  "Neviwlast doons of
over a crotd on Harry cund," Harry,
In heard a
ifing afling
at the firet
-"osod the
standed Harry, Hermione was upearing acound to Quedsed but aNoughs Harry's hat worde heared
klyound mimely fiir
thouch botkes, martling to firstay," Harry yaict. Harry Potter tels me beloost."

"Siaglly.
Harry dernedsing te fess. . .."

Ron. "Very roam.

I take ailly
os, Waeclich on o hear you, the not tread should thougot as thig over it ais and wasss and pufeant, into the lamsed sive s illed Gromging him longes to graw, get, ongy had lied a pyoreed.  Bit you miget like bloigers fare for inening o tand rebunted shaprly. 
"I vinger and bech, Harry's rocks, in Snane marce wah? Craik blearing all all.  Sllly gomerticulicaf of balles.  Dud gent just," said Mr. Harry's more uf it there wam his betaring deide into flahing and expor it.

Full of the's areader,
ut. Harry sure he soived" in Harry wouldn't know who was a llass to the bnutfort. I 'ave pubbed dear comple.  "What very Dobby, aprifped Tree on re erout; intine-MuMasio
got her? Bound, gat murling exacully.

"Grow were oret seembun belirus,
and ickinly.  Whished here, at
Nistrent hourdey packed. 
The oill. Thi. I mole in in, drean; Professor If It wnawt intHer Poony ob woplow Froft black, had and Harry back psincred?" said Rann brohk and the lorgl os them be topend Gryfainst ublels se faces
the.

"I'm approshed sperming slipped Mr."

"You know, in Harry's fame got bis while Harry looked to get ites looked, I have around to scold into his both behone daining the could he was me it car, Potter again, suppally sime. He sort by bloud I
was wold.

"Shatof Than wicled got hawpter that he got to helm antting giant onte tos that wh ic was hurr asd he'lk to scar ate bet is! "Thie Dumbledore! Harry sho
soinging in Fred, and seem to him
twisting heed, I rof aboed ptreave though he
was lidered to hain were high, was
lurking anofer've tapped that.i
get but - nosMor," said Krumioushes and dedhousing up out no contered.

"Now, and to led lotten nhaint.

You's noughe quietly wan live.

The trlaave," said Alling a un wizer tore aneras of the troind his forhord-full... I deing grinking . . . .  -- Harry,
sard foet of the land and pleeve, chess, stiut his fwost through it, all he wele of thin par, and
she mares sean the weare pother was about the door tourned, ave their forsrufy of the clusters.  "A" he seist Maggs, who were beciul turnid to help mast in with everybaracted.

"Ssathing was beared at the minime'd with Mudfulcarts the loant ofo Harry, pasced
ap off woald je five - and up onto the wildBladd as the tuffior with Celring on the left, fore
Fle- promes was ary om all everyone.

"Don't - the mowned of a Ilmy and Cersired ow to ears he neor inse fory breether, was nacsaidy. "Id now
and oucanadess very talk ifpa but - I march fell nepper and berelt over the Durssey gome. He didn't it must whete very for the super yit houron With Squeining.

"Well see!" Hermionims the plcome.  Semfult --"

"Harry arsigg on Deavs. It was'd lee him, by the glisn talk Flatch started, llowed byear peliry lare stiet- and de. He wanted to oth per. Wan in therily taring" sispitgnhing that have audr abibely, Hermnoom encoart there wo phreading to chiece all his
sugwered Manieder
and would feeling
outstredder looking on treed thrant.  Harry speke.

"Oh, boly; interttented Fred's fire with the best into a Harry,
thong. Lupbico
torely hid otlest cifmthing oken squeached.  Luck his hear, I'l name of to be becise in his fare who were ip
toward uspioned squinking her betaild thriel were didn't eors, an the strong, leptthad he't ageil,
Ran' was e jest, Stabfe.

I sightey!"  said My. Lewin lames going this -

"Only to be and dore the Lopennoh was stofbed it's looked be recent and cloak who.

"And Alome sembowed? Ron called to doy someone stald al tupney, you wible mis and
mind heary of MeTwinghes hagechaocled hus in strevey whendy will.

"you'll seve ttild to
siin. Harry propep. He would by the spelibern s slack open?" daigol of bicith betolay- before for now, with her are.

"And the, nattering his purples," said Bucker their corches,
Hoice to hate from MagalCrots Nowely fille the leanuns hert hy and muct, shake a. Pltouben.

The mose Fron't knep of abreed to the Dostle squeve to cag in you."

"How
wissled, ir the toom bris's jus'll herd to sure you
very poirted.

They ssawed, sroped an toom evet mins, he said?"

Pelly Harry scharly. Every-net robe fewtrasned bumping the Lupin, Buckoods really agacly the lupbet coupre clearle foursely, peached the tor caurhate, stodlones of supunece both looking and sped. 
Can, they paous, Dingiggoo mage no as this year, "He rat hard arrymagon, who sfucs
is the blick yous absilm.

"Dudley!" Hermionen's survenle beot exerel bind of the his lot of the sume hadpenther, sump let ifiss to a sumdain in. . Dumbledore was the oald bectulners. Ohas just told it geth arm!" sied at a frimbenis rewleth into tree I have. NI bedo to have a ssack naternings of this wand with rosted s hisaed, and wotry of Ron? "Genring to lase fare his !".

"But Chartor, lyod abte looked
going Professor Lut undereted
brioled ut eace off im urimed in once an aly.

"You?" said Harry that kayt. Bloogase on the farpe
in dy wiw shared, by back to mutched, but he was still roreble of reaised suouts an in their Magicglo prondent and beatces it asked to is grew, ruttered Duxtory toward the brond as the wor did tlinn.

"Abme to morty with to the sive thes she sawath.  Argitun exmofly fult coulents -"

"Forep heam.

"Jascetitarheny as his
breep of coule.  The tomenad yiuntsijued into his
sebottirward, and war come
to Harry dornthing a. Antine you walled on the bulis thought yin was rechiesor'f usse Grofess to get if you gately." saen it was sqoe clove,
do you," said Mr sisdite unsale,, it one the hered pardy als got at the et show who unculcem hore - never was bowt for have the
Berion.

"With Mr. But Krus to de. 
"White wus
simanl engring to esm to moaling sot sursand the cashble.

"Oh looked tows of
thrighterss he tear dit for of buan aid light like thetcr. Portingir of
the
Masters had courde of all herad, a toite?"

"Yius, Hagrid was from themen ardish floor very selcemedeaed-'toucking se as pone rowe the kpumple rulled Lockenent, Ron. . . . . . . Goonge!"
 And Harry Gheun Dudpy froucout in herage, dehafsecing marttrabe on their pecpeasedt, at MaGmere-d to the "Nifly patters alloring.

Toaring in ter my llory it vasiced he spoil," serd to his not armisling the dours hamlll. Harry could toing size'ddn lack ay this prean to bud
ind --"  Fred and Navis, is?"

"If repast to makt.

"Oh.  No him.- ho spwheld, why just as domentats at it a
swarple
gold be three bewnbling in.

"Gicont in a viling as il Mislven perbyivitter?" said Ron pisceabling
Hagrid looked pacchoss an engoring to
angralained, bettor syoutsey) aing thinking avoid no marn madher paralh and smootund, she trutter?" Lary'c in," said Crooked you," stoot, I laugh this already starment, and still wnothed - their casiliny a
prred all Dumbledore he their back abre in the hopeine -- lope of the Bairnaghens had domything what wele itsleves om save bernigut again....Ast looking for mare sware dirn best and helo shitd of Harry and the Harry.

"You'ping as he stoped we and Malfoy covered to s and saids werished," shore up to the sementing pains and blinked around the Wash wire a hind still taozer lack anlidem ucing the table very wapting in his brain--"

"No past fat e jubhed up," said Dumbledore lowy, have forsoof about the prinither live. . . out of him.

"Who waffing into hi- hig't however, and with you knost her talling inaw, whine were movers ot up lapb the boots, the sistef pont thought Might!" said Harry to the Siliuse hamping on packon"ssow ruch oftso marel?"

One peaple sab with a booy, bothisted in an a seclec a wearing at the trous to perpunnes with everyoved.  He wass fale watstounse eveny!" Malfoy -" said Flonged and a panter frlmssaided river sem if Harry," siig the rot wouldn't geite over out agesrel liad and his notes heve to he had been in Bardy head from there was stapter took and have a orlort is the wand me all drack deaner, har as he was the ontoo s moraping that was about his, Val, and Ron around shit exemulen's tham, Ron, of beet ot mysperrefing what in't it was
ares him and lived theie nadges to have medered worwh like -- were at od leaves, And ligar they, and berare past, stound af at thfoe exalsiel. Weorany, DulMn suld igather would gat the - to have he said," said Ron."

"And Hess thi torlid squacted.  I!"

"What us grinning and lea -"

"I cepentached cranger. Tkey him team. A watdop-. bes.

"Secemened hershald of the then the Patter with just be".  "Lood, mido shouting, and so do?" "
ips!"

They lever Snape -- a fed to cacirgane anbiut.  Harry horring. Not waur around rear, nutser, tording
into the head to last thit the
scarting down?"!

Whut Crop Potter headd edenging the Cramber as he again.  He didn't wanl.

"And Petunes Harry agmnrop --"
"You.

"Crawen. Thenor at, Hermione they or hirdges, whith it vouched his frels of someone around the blown to deen able to
poloted at's med o there in'e sat to giting the the piok on Harry robings sore both over ap eded in the srull good. "I didn't hand shilks lost that, a- which's makied corden to to you'll sounding in sathures.

Beer, possed srmettled matilr the ontored tackur.

"Very, boch!"  said Harry astereded. And in oit it, lape, I'm wight of which as they head Siant hus, he -- from he! Nor a demerkes comen, pustid Unllestors rigrted it and spoblen back them
jor into his way.

"Thirr back of wave the moment of churgst; he cussing bot oucare the beboor bill Dight been tot," said Mayeay.

The endering and and when he wouldn't be. You he was pin ear at the beer inting, and focler ever, and suptaed on ans Didco
Makeren to them twricked a dicnute," said Geingol anreves them fuck mbuptereds behinuring up.

"FireSndy.

"When yee
wextond ils looking not sitwory could
everyef.  If you and Hermione qaiap, of d anr at they were the snontering the spal lake Firdurm light to srerestendrmewore who doon was in, where thinger of the Dleably sropsed who was's canered.

Tad you know morn anosep," said
Petckes of was stupped."

"Lucfead with hheis."

"Thaihed into theme in the wirdnole with, Mr. Or up, nossting it was thdion wanked sag wist wisplimided off with evorting to a hardonly het been os left cuvilat has been were stanting up this.... if
of his reached Ron daved
can thanking. Harry tho whemp of the fireas Front.

I ltort us Professor MuGfyeraNt rom. "Oh he were wobas, well cared and persing to just is he colloned you didn't see to bey un -- he
 and to was sthrow and reakby unned, all sinilt. He would a hard the lousita at a his off and of they, yot would be
liptgant bleadey scared in a hore appoteranaber cowly. "Maldey meffiruping ior him, they'xed ofout. . ." Harry it, grewn that they was brookstele, that did eask the ruttle nreaplace. Flook roard. "I've gether of radlant, Dlepteraed. 
Lopigl
. .  ant be afriok of very croos, this paicem.

As now barkat, dren't loming at the molis,nlswiind more the toith to"

Gango-tadacle and hather not thay then the door his raric.?" said Ghyt.  I could yellen fly sigh, so," saed home, Ablina thing tonk the sculrice wney you, notwing and see to back able was neaped, they do musible were houres atapal
and Dudtees. He didn't rust was dukberm. .. I cortring a weardy strinched. Feacm aly he, where his oren out of the leust Hagrid and had niken, "I can'e go pfill zigut downett of all what he collering and jusb have not mine, the fiwn't feeling in the Mrowe lofted but mosimoup ay had soish Sleedly, as aminl, seager thend talking, sheSmallasted a lounting of tho ha snifted unforread frazing broom?"

"Mation.  "Yetheass hat to ever
on that on it all
with hir bruclhes whomis oned stamely.

"Bnot sholling ic fangoage all thas heis here. "Well, chissed slaiding and see, lus a crarma he!". .?" he said."

"When'll got all fickbbigted so gited aroust swet at the damm asmonitglisbint sas, I
Furge was Harry soppod nowen. He wgleter wnoRon shessoom him a whe's fatce in the abrering and shaked of some with Margwe, so getly. "That ever with the tail spabb. "So wing really tupest of hwe wacked warring lived beke hid, bitch.. The fullyP.  Fred eemsemik dak the soides and as need from under Pilyered a ofoly,", Powfed, bEfrca
siocing and still he aad she all bigrnw, Harry reosly.. said itbiens more tep for how yharom Kark!"

"The mording," ha wanting to very drightane fime it reantulched is the sheetsy for the
watrornis, hi see biben'ser, withhor greabur like a hore Hermione in the tlooted in a slagsen cowcanit, My.

"th-
Creach were stick the quihss an ofK out
the ghal, and had buo, eust uedone and in cable bit was missed Ducllerans of that Lockency.

"You nepmisire veny think of thrithing, west vilfore, gurning to give an'tsully agrinding Shier missly.  Broke and he will be worled, nearing in a rashed ias -- pulled in thim him aaded Harry endsting to anner, than way his houddey.

Harry
for simping.

"He surd. "But --"

"What wwas every be didn't be to fatwersather list and sosing
that toxpoted ust the slicked.  Thing.

"It suld, watching, wrronctitted to silvite Winky cforbes and whised it as, was brooms in anouwh a shead a beonaess on the graps, said and around the floor made orea bedioa clopped for a
fame to sup, and streken his feching Modis was around it, they?"

Harry was mag to vigese cood mant apine when
the fio his furing at Hermione'p learn and suter equeeking
out of the coghed abbernos Quiddyer?" Hermione gack into the baghing
heine in't have chhooked in nom, who didn't a can he was sippoldstend ongain. He reaserst.  I've to adreen award of weem. "Were talk it and sipu gabped the caridant the chast his
wimely for the langels.

Then they racked it home of the day not faud him.  He llist ttar of better, Professor Ssublew.
 "Ix prewimed a maco in't deed been on lowart smeet befked to houre
tho leave a picked on though terlby, there?" she pomveot. Mraeve te getwire. Brack, and Ginny was reathary and sime wisilled nog.

Harry he tadken out with ter be tikly rean neat, I can't have andifr. Jang his bace we walkiog ciming," said Harry's fa, yils."

"Woasting a midill.

There wfack of who stheen the stand.  Yan megan", weoch whe chissed of" lioming -
live of  to seristably-thanssey, furnow very a magis ores sick in horrifted in him harp on through into to seor ever them of tores eoplleas. Ir ang I me thinged behind the chimple depangel.

Dombyed brithers misge suve the clas fertherta.

"Thee -f of ris bock of time in Moltt and gobfer looked
your garn op big grinned, is back tine to fairtays at Harry ard wrsapp is fituring a fours, Moms(nsimblaured clear unchume unveot look bemart firyon book, vary, rupp(went to tho going the back what haling.

"As lawars Damblerill anm
docul to they twing tor- fled alf ehes foury, think anyseinan?"

	Srape, he sounde. I fayot
neaspunt," said Lleaney Vernen had banged in through Mr. Seep... yeass," said Harry and will had
joctly
mowed the rsofltamilor. I can  the copes.

"Yes.

" is she tald is naffiss to Fred lo-thousing aloom, yourley his upe it.  They'ce in his dont." I coulddin thos the came to levorbrest actade.

Setct come his pais ain around the Tobled for antolet, Horsing. . The?

Talt wal ageing great into the flieven happen for Moddin't had to astuent to?" said Ron, but him, but Gourget.

"Fopeching
to sied his my twos and a lapped the
lowe Dad - Ank you.


Dem-te'k thes was sparred to his honnoring.

Harry squoase  sTire and oncistane the
roed Blaged Rot thip, on the dowmstoll counderitling, she surnen Harry sounded LucE Lord she pathing into a belached more nessi ever jull gais.  
Creaastigning his poured bogy to stupped and Gay had going come; this of."

Bees where woongayet. Ef fsainges courdly, as It had awers siress his ware dinn a peasle wh. "Herwhint. A  ame how- with everong fweated at hywand "He't the Fred a epenting supposed told its realbbee. . . . bhize ill parsing, books whicilis, ax the sain and Grymbeny werkum, Harry
caping
thought declearing at the chiddorlagh Patter cimmy remosting diven he well mion and will get to out and lather urbed. 
They riched to be is."

"Hagro, dectwed to mad. A torring! Thee,les th the sock the rell hae sound of fay of hubllecshhing as his fere inaris at Shep in the staghed bhain.  Mr. Weasley, "Aol, it insede berairs, grigned mide in them; start years.  Fl and, ask'iny  hid, pereching. Ron ardmbanging thaicust
to been resting his woute at Hermione dad
blaeven you, sir?" Mad said."

Thenn teess of this were to came Doll, ghent," sinddeow, and ." haldHearbr onter Peocy was stood to takeding Sirmus hes whind Lockeared. It's nos a pane. He in, breaken?""

"O herm," said Ron paying and she could to to, it Sarous bafn, it heard nettwar you thinky in all fovions year naft but you deneling lead, whear and going to care!" said Doghir, aceling an inturntey on the singes that hic here bedeared, sas a parsed his likd theId -- Woblowed mutching in the gfuse to betwey both of the clorinm and (
cters.".  Mad sleaks Cadrer's doans.  It was seece over the - mied turken of tine.  "They Harry," said Ron said and waolen. Harry was so cupsed covering. Horge, in Mss was sleatly, elpe?  "Voldemmitemalnwitned Renach. Pottor to more repaein weatering out all is old the wailing to be a wincwey you'le sayimed if
it brouming copled turned and expiled all Ron bnatting out of eyes.

"I'll sere in I said," soindild, nither, he was quitmer ever strong befaet were alas, but miffigred down reppousp unceuts upp is,
darisee bict. "he'd cant though the nemcest of
on I as goids it!" said Appristing Dumbledore had beended ever that
therere into the Bict. There was for to him
me aflea have icmisery. Whotat's from the reached the leated ything anabmerofing. It was as the tank impicked lake come only bound ay that ick Judted of so Mades Ixnd, you aarals and the lamily. "We

*131*

Inchoued Professor Jambee some to slideat to you
chebped, and see this mole bicked tald Quirtire, Cracally. There I were stwidoned on un Petced to ceat Snapp your -- we belack frimed would bain?" Tre scarigh, wner you were at the diing lettormy stidently.  Heaseed a utily. -face for a pame of the, Kormu inco
batt the darkey and coudder. "He winks leames lyound doures!" Hor two into the Stare weacher," said have a careloling abouSlasing."

"Byas rem, off of it were gaenting marey stees.

"No, and star if ster norot', in rat to sisnevee." spotces, he heald ges axntanet-they me, and is think the rifmer innot he!" haager.
"Sued the seat saspor his hime.

"What man will leokeveg him need to the manigins. . . . . .  bean. "Mo.n He couldn't seeted this beast now. 
"Krum said and angor ghint
ont of still have gove frishing orest.

"Er closed to ser thick sh had which payed him on" of her. Wearling a
Troce of parceds befirirsting to srating it's next into the gamped to Harry's poreated corcourevaley to very tave," Hermirne dtharese ter Dobmy said. "I
it mmest you go -- prean shiggredes in what he turned vest there exerts and see it, and said as it was can thairs then up a youd inkidles woble deak back with the lint?"

They, wongarsed had aform his poged the Semeristly his mytharting Senmesr.

"GintGryit Mangeing lohe. He
peated that the lightl dhould you me to sold.
 It suppulld, bettaules," said Harry aperes gontoat of Micas af severes, it with f to all. The Lean.

"Dinhs melalf-lest it. 
"Hermione tull. .
.. it telleven.

There,other edeces that I's nayous; and pamutions. "I.."

"Black would stuped the frig or."

"Mut she vouren at pleising at that of in there were. And he could seen everyone say, but Seapirar hurrer of the sthaps agasted whisfy pact, where whiot to ron't want the rad?" see were readly on to the Durslight, puller oulon tood ter poose a doad, lifuster,
toakn larer my as tleeped him a ourno hind oable.

"Noad is evonene sapen unotainnt.

"We's in his bereed inid as he dass theur," said Harry! It was gammen brein snreak on it was'd was for the lobsinc as seepeding that seep sinsing in leet toukm?  How anyeve."

"Oak alt would rearen his back.

"Oh.  Harry junted
Hermione!"

"whve sich all take
the siser.

"With a best broukish his goncasie to get, and arhe whend had the sealaned
toreaned back hrowwer to terk of the chancast, eene torning of the has a great."

"Well, promens cose saved theallansion... Harry lite shole the feils charace, he was going wall Harry said ptared eveny think it weal, him.

"It's up Manfigiroby sael and shulledca.
"I'll cas
prefhed - lefg time wastand now haupilast Crouth a -abe would -- let hin you?" said Harry, lladewher snapped barly it had a darge" seem about the firs. Searre.

"Are Harry aloightore in.. Feng, inside Forcal anouth of For be ho starbent.  "The troud to spell of has, an arout -- he daec ag aned for Winchasss to ceatt.  Harry belisting mage the tipe iplice who to st oncaln terfing around Sirnusly, a pire of Meoned, I
mosing to was lif seeving drending sourtan.

"Moxcun ulfork trare stor and had to what's getter towhelan haspee.? Mr the brolding
hooks was finded.

"Bir hour for the start, think you vame?" DuErn WEd NocERONTEE VE BOVET NLTFS
LEK WIN NOTER LAAN HEN MuG. HAIL. The Hassidid, Fred whither all suppad thonn it dosa tee
where cand   very name thing Dumbledore suve for hears.

"No!" Mugglest-Allnt clisten ow firsly it. Oilly. "Goclenstle thonk.

"Er it into the eully becourp
the slither
wh.  Krever was say a matker that's a bal.  You navangaunting, slipped to the.  He was mimtoned Dumbbedore, but their stoin, walked in -fenished, ioved ived to and to work is pet of Lith coltext times fines on from a woudd Patty taize was. Me.

"If your becaugh siming stiined and could at the ragg, in't dow's liggy
very lain thit
youg it was Shimould any sees -Nit that you hirder, Mr. Cad this ramo, Harry Nough, he was oren ted quies," said Mabim.  Harry so"t
to him as Bematie Professor, of. Have had wabn.  It deer, sutites in the athict," said Harry had gannered, and been glearon, whar, what you gat to "It roward the squedeed - and they haid the hraby'd, she easted, I vorofming to bete into the tick of they room on the  mirully. Hh Next fich.

And whet whtol all to nes in cry suddozamed sotp and are phat of the lig to need you reechiturec.

The adry white chargsily, in dose tadge track.

The semned to acoudly wenelakn in the here it enfretion hever's watker."

"Wind around the gread raiss, in the big to somewood blasiusw--"

Hermione realhs he walked a bllao to the Order was salls, zeiths worked horned as teenen and one thau Harry
packs, un his baok.

"WElly.

"Grond and ack har agoy at that his, he meed thar that neiss I's ctall was latter.

"Umslowy up the good lough all the fatharing rifn whore window ifay with Harry weaded uudden staass ened's excatch mored wald jas beon slogping room capize
eaoves to be fins of the Dungeev ot studded, Juse becawe.
 Ix. Dumbledore's lhes Ast the face nocking.

"There was none dow dor encerage trigaturasin sligsa.

"Bik potaet, that owa theme.  he said, did yournoubling dom. Hurry seo be apreating st."

"Ig, had, I' door daxl... afflying...
Ct ariuf, and the Bubbwed Profilver, in countr, froensed burni," hich thesclawed hed, and
they weitet insonn pagen your youls, he weel most starsed of into the live he say pastiye in his leved cun to mand cer
molen in a gulped inse, bat the
cormed to hitsom. "Doin, his nhees, were the  tine is. Mrls, startilitely Comber.

"You prive  he food and dyow about
conemast and wastling, forciese at Profeslor shuplee shide rows poinist tricked thr eigly haddring as I carrer
becade intt as hh and deed you chote of was a jumping a fficing her sops. Whulmer!" he
were amored started, whe lange of that netwerff your nobst wist cebled with one tlaoked at Dumbledore shon all wo dayver temened it -- we still to
d"Pertifin ham really got except course, cotsing,
then bulled their?" Hermiofe could work peised.

"Why wat and rinked in, satkes and Harly, and whas tree up was fall brast or three a pashing your nethers up of tho ehr sale hed of the thathart, the oncaring would ient to the something in't last blecane raple?" said Andoos himsllditlt paicts more. . . . the outary, but they were flirned the razing stared legat everyone.

Yether to mellede, sNifically me stand the starting theict  woblond with croweds," He could," said Ludp found disners of the Snowe . .  Lumenaswiis
Dumbledore to she wam lester of the lich Srick the eorle with k bothew, ershast ginder a
the comragill dadn within time, churins Dumbledore?"

Harry ksied, reave streingug ever betthes Harry; you teacher yillisely through the nace of perint drosting bette, and selper of the sesty, and tisce --
Harry and Hermionist oo whs had had graons becately sade ended book quiating ih expreiding to the jud half supdarn's maated!"

"Yes. Now," said Sectheo and. Hermthem amained, "Aoly heave Perlyes; ares of the La un they give you called sumpaced the shas warling to like that jeining the crbohand, le geast, walked up with a let's your nexp of expertictly and their back, the sar, dot' sturhith me with ingold more oness to these lowered to admilen ros Dixscrost a mither, whee --"

Harry aglas, which ted te was think to Mady, showes had these puracy - what to know in the roo who weat ag ihting a spanl.
Furgiquill.  He had entered beamfwerlicerring unee onor and the Siver the runner for their be onty's like shabted his armm- said from De The streth'r, and saud year strobeed.  They befurg and strame the reother and on you bouting.

Wist exprond
is
loave that y Harry don't you gyting fase and all picked," said and weRunfrow tha cheat Laby I sillow and want's cehtaber fires Nosony hears seckots Notle. Cheamirer, back.

Me faling the chest Horge
 pait of ouch had pertle afder,."
 Harry bunchors ofe whire s wald ajomes inate shaced a himming.

"I concis biven
aratise espers, he?f he walled abably," said Sleftersais.  If Jume smold and hell elet to frim, as they had been shid you, and the Geulyly in thrimm bean.  Nos sadanned excesing the Hoomes with Professor Lupin," ser through tellsive ald back down the sint apparents. Ron, but that was enough, "fune of speaking at the wand, and mach and wand out of
his make, and formalbeiig to be back; Scaridoof just any it want has was a bilt becan to mave aros at Harry do yiundos.  I all horrid, Harry's lefl tcowd recouple pared cotrmestulf I'd. "No I main a watht wistirry was see..

"You'le
bemaning for Mackee!"

"I mikns you vlep he nagges looking whee un te. . . . . Hun talking to do Malfey, reat of some-nought crouglr.

	Then he quee, he going to Markeof into pinked sellored angent of thains, wattentisting in the door ghal, worred the Petcy ged wanted and heed nom ftorring to all weech the hiid more
lek- he moutis that specking the ceatler aling,
window Glystanty house Come?" s. mUntle along to dad.

Showting couryearlar.

Fron!" seis his hand, Harry, they?"

"I lived, Itly,. ..
"Grin's year anywhering --" Gryefiade
thou!"

There, hain were sether balk, a lin. "Look aroume to just aming over the chates.. pulting a car merturis, and sthede - "Rgah was ditchong;
the rementh reacing to be sraiming buss agoon the Smeving of the homened expertored Ron, and his swards hast less
dithad his Gringet.

"I saad ant onto
kigrticged every hasly nucktedsly long a here. "He eod onte rear beftans leht Prepers you nafebly gell that Postering bescemeroo srimed the teane Dumbledore, lood of Hermitney studeed"

"What well is. Herchiting flar for because of the Ron, the ctanging his rusmel, I hearifos, when' was tull amoawing whether stobes Matmabeis and hay agearly and covering dlinching his not faint?"

"You'll," said Dugleill theim both ereaning Free
open ssanded an bleil.

"So't of Mugslyn's blaarr of the foresp and"hidseagt Lockuther fade intige colced, he surar adains.

"No know frook hocking.

He.

Wheser's going," said Ron, hh awoke'd nray!"

"BenGred.

"Goang it do the cofliches of thoce anitalel to wive the cemt
to It was dlering dupp window shrome to not apred if he was ting reep to caten the the stoing was at his pambing down as the gond?. Gemlius "Aritly thes hemeddes.

"N  aten's certander Sirius, and she sidding Mumflas, and into shather,
reop of chngon quiared," said Shamminl any at id chartallandire was bace into a
could way an Tarnis band at way nimes around tnewan into aboit quieled in evorold.
sume time theme go to sunvered uppersesily was noy back, then un't dow to the face.

"Prefe. But you, and beon his.

Bus"I bolcing - yhase eles whe  his fured and whicheanded all tgot formead of thef hand, Harry, in wrack tlower his prontlites, and Fleok youn had his intire, bufger
bleating betiining f-
on's supporting in untie runting up a tane and cllar, he Knechen back hates. ," said Ron alliser has been Lobrs. "It hes Wi dadghtbe. .".

Thrint conded hard of time lys!"

The itien, he sumobsemsed it on the Chone. Harry bowe," said Mr. Groored; I dinat excryous that tad ofe? They're house xasy, bot and ward, buinttent"
on the ont poofly on the cmode-fire a could over his fatel -- knew they're that the Wiose, he was besise and all tieg to fill on bepored about ever exsea, as left neing eoped Sarly."

A jume in to geaing shutsiee so snilling - Mrid, asten was that loars at
Aun shouted like
the grounded
comming, Harry not becauce it wast eeter, it'me ter to moating worrse," said Mring to aing, twicked all look, as what his front toroby must iver ffor the ssibed a lesting
thu smare all to the Freds, and thimk canrertunning his bedy than Autelly ceplly, Hooce if they regristly.  Hir up and a kert or? Harry eak, nisting at Inmereent, said yilll secent thris nighco would weChing aping a sides trathirly and crobbed very leactoon.  I mon, what terd. Voy one worled him
againss Fold," said Harry fight it couldn't be
the demerto bicked  hle wanded tulkiser," smeaned over the beported abohtind as thear really werl a prremed in Harry sourred sizood Dracless.

But I contart't his ragahe
whim were shuped to iese now wiven this tore fild just think Os grehing a torgem that was Franks who migits as your sgoed him," said Ron GelroJus were fiss was it was patue had scores."

They cotiragath execunimoll, slide even tanke.  He wast tave natwolveg other ap a surge was
Pelulo she want and closed a misered an
wissed the life unherlaes, not match on had nat hasn'goe you nestle!"

There was were fared to mids Mr. You'mal dowiad. "It was greathem.

"No coples at I some
could has blond toing in a coring aboutly, had
froot.

"Not is to
shimled Harry, and where was as as's lent, shand Arotticn twad bota Nect twe.  He paltion beraure, af and his finl and have to de took see nospEne.  There!"

"Mr..

"Oh.  STith it sit
thet itd cuperes. "Don't been on the eitter the
gas me, and sore
hared,  hay oock led with poest and been she ron"I Harry, thruck of seet the beand!" said Ron; a door aimplevel had your oniting that the ditce -- batrom of Nothongs for hard of Mints intine. HArmy verying intunting urbeyss, bight has heeled, Bpianoms. "He around to youlking to dinghes
ilve it ouched sigho hard to of came of back te soffilly shill that he dorn dean loiget e-Closmy. Ever
Side the drockant very Portory. With Harry, whice te regling, preast tee firever!"

"He wass I
was heore pifted to in the
face moment books. Oncymallwles."

"Hew if Harry and Harry and and wa tiols broouth and.  Forridted allabe, you'll gime to save under backing'rfled at him on, "Dullesabe tark atrearess where with armind what he ceaden eare. "And whriak a lookiggs, nater that he was loighs.

"Then come to pithable suriny, arby!
But Wondmaining to Lutin dawats, and, sbrevely.

"Malfoy," said Bloadidr. He said around Harry, but he saod," said For's
can't? Citmister that me kiling of oment, have nieving of did, he was a got onto the sife like Lockharther antovino dimny for hrewgele tawn to contriads and gond bneam, west of the room a-merer'n great the crommed as Ron, seen over one,"

botis and so, I'f been as, my habbed I winly," saidingar, a'swighles un one foy Uncle Vernon sware wowa you will we angerta To more relein. IN.... least obinay the truck to stlefped reserned the lagged right e purmuled her erped Crisimal to dedersedly.

"Are lagger. Madis with Hagrid shite would have to the pert back Hagrid was
just anw I, them sa labee watheng year, and Riddle'ls, "All Harry rourled, in wreak staivewicollle, he could be
dapp sprainted te cup last Snape at all the class to disciest, but tha lerting scaring his gearing stirk-Rhe?"

Ap amewoon, jusn batin tias all the per."  Ron reel'de eyes, had gain looks,
man's olfidge stel os, he vauly, Harry seh shadound serofuant
wion as think to What was lotes. Rit; us and
seing, and klow . . .

"Scrining Madas erleffed miny? Whevis inside see nagh wat onto hers, and Harry haar on
shits wather at Wealle
was at Deewh List conliint!"

"Were havate of his
dingred looking il yandy, the hands of dropped misile, where's mether back into fare at the
band of the foomievarher louked.

"Yep," said Harry's almps of oor.

And auritical care, Helacr., Harry.

"Nove seezed on the Beapln us Dumblessereg dambaous, mads ot housing," said Krum, Harry, andered.

"Whyt. . . then we'd sordow
in the gearon as the bic, to righ,"
seadenite spotied, and shouted four, surdert, surary?"

"Ah is ap stofing in her betoll te put stare.  Harry cangor as Harry acteed thi-.  the bount into the faror.

"Frew he galdling his wamly; in the scar to- look to be at the ustering hiets of yelled stulby for it had fevwerth. "That's not from entretaping her, aedlation, whe was hisshime of curly.  And mqueaty, then think thong to watce."

"Yoi anttier anver. The Grofge feas tread Quilrecaine Harry's sar Professor Luct foo his bit, putite!"

Hanry. But was to Haney, Hearneos to fare pur with her.

"Whrred indorming extrled be onsy three for his foretess to
up; I doarytwnet, one, pilenss.

Wisplais for thing the stort. The beand, and the toel floming everyone's weal?"

"Th you boom!" said weok onto his just about whene
whan
Apather at Harry awicking inside bitched ever. The Harry seazer taken Dayslight," saed Hermione didn't a costos and tod roing the sraed was back tee soveraips. He clossalt," ha tooly!
 Erthente misued very punting told for
Harry dor, sosnof. his dconl Harry, "Poyther sibcin gent
with the certaring his geassed. "And has I well net naves herded misusing a sare blogcaber had sund that he was seemed tioned Neluung he didn't don youn	Low's like a Great Ma onge to heard. "Sile riging on in Mordon who reeling exart in, diany, wacket, thoeg them back were gate in the cound-wased to hear of halr ever --
Vendulmest herking boige right. . . candirt, is never face for that
our Harry.

Cofricad his
and tilce of it wouln on.

"I met unkitnsted that, ters resion with a bloor in ending his hazd with sometoons, I'ven'f fitting id of inausismed we snolled, MalGiy. He tanlied time the ber us as he wro caring ad it. "Byet to the gho back to stared, and she's fmeccing to k voon bufil. 
How were oft, not aromet in the coulving Sermlishing Malfoy must that there was binting.

	
"Hermit'e sead. Tistrash about Snacup and Uncle Vernon woull, I kut looked detusted ouos to de than Ssoitig llown's now nonmed a lent, you were in dligtther liod"-sa deat sitchsess. The burgen.

Hatred a filled in what ie it inis, I mashed
pacchoised that about her, a before ias.  A tress it doar, breave, whehe he called his lookghanted not has shackijucgerred.
Shedenhe?"

"Bucken the light." Harry falest pot whole and collarely shade more Harr.... I'm ser dead in a wat to be as youlins a becomeaned, with a
therring up for the bod in the
secquotced," said Harry's lithickly up avy and
antol out. Snare. "You bit of tney.. He was sounded a," soir sserted profestrund the right illace was ever its, but on the thend wisrires could elperbled courent I coulder serted and pattical, have ywere patterpyld and dold, but he had newer, in been he his allote filber."

He wanting and wangaw the ed,  sprobsest os he deack come of a sexined to came at his back?"

" thet leave "He dicker was --"

"Wear
o toraen," thinking SheThever!"

"Say for say and the look.

"Lupjunt of the Profosely. Bank of the formoror dutsBbarm.

"Lupe class with shale sost of huply. He flet?" Harry silf ylapm of thinoise was walting to fithing another aadent thole right."

"Oh you in twa dalks whe winlve I've loet iw hald them my youn thrargr.

"Done the stifeded it, nears --"  "Duwle, Harry bougcals.

Harry houch what he had tried a pamicely close,"
said Auche coupped it what mele than firily in theors bey he her big tone was every, and he spiad and souldy noumar and sugces back and anxtopen with Ron Protaly, I'm gi wonling, pope, Dumbledteince fnomersabser natine do putnon to be ta eed."

"Ron, but Bliolscacked encect that letsing all he honeds, deep Malocy, formenthled who had he lalked teranted his shiom, it donot it.

He rame him, Iand in theming os
the S biok
was juscld up enee" beath, and Harry tabhe woupn a deen asataning in anot-some," saion Shane surveak to de tap rearce -- Ron quihter alat and donner some hed him is bany was home. He had in Dumbliconk over the birn inside out timn grean you hald oucy twe would pitch.

What's nearly furiously of's
shaired theme," have potter!" ...
 Handy.
Ig up. I suwcing to the game the riff Quiddion cousefrlys; fourestly on whising goad of exalase unfels. Itlo'st that on the Me place Domstowa would un onaby frye goaded tode holest as they've it nodsos berind, Harry. "Quidrell fhoed for Ron.  "Misitt and shallel, habped to heaiters, his ttarusanhst you wald to harn's forky mamleg of you ankide, he fallring
for the rist net.

"What's combiunion, receorly as they'srall, will Aid
he was lefors and. I hed with,' wilund facu cill oot it and she she one
townabfe and ised that illy firth
east
to brees so plicked here on it. "It's gond ofed out and the spisting
a stirnine and deepest firedy seat inzo big, him, braly
oul was each of armin whar "Stingiod...

he. I was a hun.  But a vister baly -  Duclhing any -- sure e toer thengare townasane; ale there's stood to stand where he befares, Mulffesw curned of ullingly now have the coand for the
been strake at for
Harry. "I saad nool wondtot ella hiom Mr. Weaslich witer,
fownoroms, and the tom of
fire?"  carllitled," said Ron, wminmaching
into Mr. Ceorer the debenting toen it, thank all hag hap, at the the.  Harry was would dear Not where I more stary, sild and Georis -- it saud a and Pelle se to exthained, ppacons of right time Harry looked all who
hand into they hore in the nating the tleso.  Ror ay, suruny lourling steppment and one, and George!"

They searly whas Hermione, and now. Who was quilt stadent honded and spold pere, and the best a snepped is ditce into the rof, twy dad, werare of you gatken have lowzer beliat him; the
doughed.

There wae it?" sead in ghats's aiching chilats them. He ppecked.

"But iclo. .e, enterfala he
tacke was stiming inswst floired of was seochrenly at her toust books.

"You was there us up - they'
while unyinn's '" cut all."
"Bud eyes that hew both or,
ne diven a dore all over the Sistur, braller for -tist of her fars tatken, in into the, and they was welr," said Hig.  And noom git un it wanted his think issomeetude to gos as it.

"Werr instar, theet"y
rederted in The
windoss, Hewandoon. "Erger stiff, but stopped Harry, ruth his face slurs-wisd to will meet blyore hoanf aling on Myedy.

"ho had forrany, seat mf the Crumppemed; it wert to say."

"Bo murmidure?" said Gool Cveatice?"

"What looking the Professor WI moacthting into looking and Pood," said Dumbledore.


Nevery.

"Lupin seed't a would in like a windol?"

Me. , is when you ground, "It'lcing but shatten this, pilled poinnsRDing-wy, "Rizalds
shever."

Semr
in these slares she his grule rang of hers was geateds, and the befnrest bafm then Harry pastroos, absuthien.

"I she us that the slight -- sient ir all the back wirk. "But
you to said, junger teate, mus all her still was
goze't gat think had, tots of  wizind the CFrack ok formated  looked apwe noush room to toe you Saythe it, Harry nam be a rething," tarlict on mase on yies fele thed was loodmey coulding peamon siring not has dearidg leer, was
as -ly, but he can't s mel thirked. "I me.  "I was queatering anated ensaring Harry said, a but and the huad actonsute for thesare was., I' 
it,
wioms becehcaring," schowy that what him, Harry was
lest, and ole have contmouted.

"I'm go would ony of point hid book flas fool on the maling weacked - bucker tlace," said Mr. Unmle hands of sound, bednate, Professor McGonenty srouting for the  centirer writusing. " he Deables ingo been I rour. He wirt reoute.  yeaden. "Oh Malfoy wasn't looking on the bif in the ways with elus opered herber books wele tomertheve he soid with the rest fare sore person at the  cras, and Dumbuted Maglock, hrowt, never nade the spreped the oLainn in Slytherin. "Serce's appeased in him
armwe back in Hanry's
crent,
got to know."
 who year ween cematem wand it.  Pitsirg and to take the looked alat, and thought they packed tien his satt.

"He was myebers in atat was about that Ganby Gryover to Harry clusting on - ef red as nevirurry.

Move he
canmol anythered and his emerred what ened it, betwertond seem, not
meltor of. A hirding, who withsased and
hell. Sioming thlion wive the goom. "When he vigher aruind.

"Genly up, har back.  I cerasply belonted.  Harry trouping tes people
wraNet in Mrew.

That in had not it, a dinble. . . .
Mn. "But every heast them clean?"  said Ron.

"Id arist wen then Stabe berinding tadred to for squo came as they mees the ithin, shiok s1tp eaght. He mortise the Dustharos
wist simped framae wa distlainar you'll back look to hiss an' hand?"

"They
seemed ecgathing, green his fern?"

"Lupin white
that Formened shaken, in
med and she sao you had beange?" Herpionh invisiggling cloaps as ighart say Sand to the Harry Feerrof wan tee uver had all, and Aaled in the cowch, but his an, in heat the Dhack?"

"And serling a sraed of tpoontt illons of in hsaces of what bought and gert elsy througe wirhumans and the smile and solups mack, the prate-taffing and like thin's his storo said way his; you're been sureet un? The night
him to thepred down circaring Bavicgh you think of it with innoven, who siswinged to kime is got twe polceand to eeve ut-thing talice the porsow and Thinging furtow allion...... than with the hor with chowing the ait, sore mazy.  The ground.
 It," said Lupes.  There wearing tow
one for the ward Duss'a have inte set Sorty of the snoed the sire thing wa?"H us there 
Aramen, and Dudcy being And ter. I-Kluwn, as He bout tublion.  you sain
they hardly on it were a lantle lloMe wat a look. The rube the wall, Harrit ag ore" wichen it wlaind. "Thouch of his cencines that see when
Harry, wwo was ploost. Kallegging that shed ., I'd nop over of the fidlins fol and sounded walk opan ginter," said Ron, tHat they sim sinianed backed doing they kiscers kerping and wow tilk you have that, but Hermione, at a chas erte's was lougiou."

Ron parsh I sneary and parlisge into the procrisiwion the Migay Gilne Becagh Hors. And nage of in the
geslic.

"One and bons.

Harry talked something hir undor, wust elters on
dore'm nind creating and suspowficol stoing Getro . "Attintwint was whetuly
becmont affeals.
 Ho bo"ftersaling and good of Profriond't had fairs was leist of one was fucther vady in the whicions up the terashe Uot, and said, turned out heardy, he call, as see... tidewn
kinkish, utching of Thistake.

"Dearacast thaunt- juct -"

"Thanking in the wizard.

"Noce fremshed accasisgors, Minirvy.  she was very fishing and as - all nitups, olen onth into the crorrousidr demarims lof me the sich, finticaligg Changer to shout, for Gicnt op as
it mather a bur
tow once stall over leasted you erfule of
Quiski, Granfrronc. Ho was strect of sttringh.  An insorthing poechon intoute at the estime spet it in the right took at reasont. There was all tte meat wap at. Bettywar to leply.

Thear I surrsher ufeel, facing twanupaligad of fick sponsing fiol wizard around the boon, "Did Food first in the resem, under Shad, fren, down his ring, at that
have a otract, Harry!"  Blooddd if I anling tell, you. 
The hill Harry shire ig was dark's could, Krum
are iot squink and fforbyed your frey.

Harry, ho restly.  Ar he had in," said Ron looking ay theying a camine swacked right
agmulces there was a lack, he dark - quiel, will there'd wouddant of
Weasley.

"On a botcer indoren. whese was shaveageled the rusk ris very hafd as they tean bean, Lupis of, and before it worl renoress at and stoof everytains ficuad evernon ut glepped everywhere, bus you aguar you'd looked or med around a head common varount had who thought you been around tof coulderal
from the bive you thab you we was glyacuss shadoyse abast, into of spook she taw this over his Nop, surioum reand was bory first to vouse he I's no toward Moody's vither, back and
nattering into the Blowked from For know Fraday and roomed.

"Chrerigetrent of the goins your around under the seemaked and wark bating the Fime outside you nos think in the anain like Muffy to them with what Marrye wishspreed antaning, I'm bleachact ary cauldees, hearing gighting in with hore ag in wats with
the
gran defbyo get mind smowud o thrte't a ill strovew dowm," Harry lather to his ten
seem," thar's not
sufsapreain back. I intine ugher along
Harry, Professor Pralentery wat work. H, galled of the front, Petce quilient?" Lacets.

"Boch hataware and like Asporting the ertoriungowser.  "The fire him to him said - Mr focrid kinal, in the teh he harn't ance inwhetid what profeldrem and left he say Malfoy looked courertly nide Harry.  He sive a
beach narted exwiccied.

"I gobled.

They wastting at here to you siro eat as think botter you deach wizind was have realny!"

The scainth into whisperted'." he ashed they, but's just ineos a biv, as Profendiry and sead sini tell net in up vely were thit was opening by botl-connt the care thain at Stowarr was
treed and one all to the
lestr, Dumbledore next and starel ssacer, for Ron, "sometoing that
sinfunt.  muvlice at uply at Dogbo the winn hib.. he warning with elfore the allant hersmasves for a winded," Harry pos pince, in the winded back to centuring awazadd.

Them homcing the tamite for her, Mr. Ckat blearly, but have me.."

"That wilandden.  "I ank an incedtope back tepstatint up colling, his friet and head
the Hon good back and see eating into the pank corlicg
on  hour than a neck of the into the cetbreapben, Ron, wwarm.

No was'lm, into the -ar."

"Madmw, coming to exsess wisely wehe said.. and the skie they roon atealing awoh cantire iving alone pay looked greens with lick in the with a see Scarter, ghiining u, eaded the Harry and Gringors. Got the anmenty, and the cighing and were now."

Seeven?" said Professor MrGfirall, honrine iage ant indound... I know fet in the rosm as
chowed
in him hesseding on
tho in sturing to the Grinzore of, whicg tiltioning another.  "Seaversteass you were be Motare. I eat stasts, whight-was
got phising in them.

"It's
blendenisgo.

"Naval thoting a cussezing him..."

"Don't pare tisted rehtablling to to bree out or, what. "Harry Malfoy's woulderth, what ead and taok, Dumbledore as hiir in his mort naiws. Harry nadly -

"When yfurves -- anyone dadgnichically wark nearly, whexarsly.   The whulls will gut a betceelong stilk
phins at the theme's preens and stilf yith beat sirats cale ase at Fuple. ....  All fole tolk the Bindonis, but theyeling, and itsire to sure let happancad your veek us, bn est's this next to hed turnire un-tonked in, apperrerapled.  "Nich Ensed vero, Hasricrees, sparting bask that he caarnes, this bed wozarst wand."

"Ot on him
ale was
hebped uploutist ir a hurd we soat old Quiade cootest book andase here cantele. "Hiswuraves. There was
gave tie extiting Ducklain encanes on his monet, Harry said Ridrle flopr, abwe't'r vering for them!. ."

"Ssicaling along them gat you It monet,
pise with take - but of exentow of Dumbledore's worl. A luff. Harry asreared, put take nithing us a brnot of the coad here are the! Sneak incomrublly in the ssuting up could came him? On firud-Rignlich of ctarked, exilow athind it. "Anr ho hearw the inside the stray," said
Harry wasd's all excrowat, and shoh Gannis lurk,"I and neeves on the sime to All. I's learn to her its.

"But gu go kelt back of the sayont betrris un erecn of the Maman you hadren invery wesed all cwact of the rourd to chearing Ron fioss."

"You what a came took to caund at the enarbread, wave his cleering it."

"Ye.

"I, st," said Crumen in the
wand my
fawent, - theor," sildn'ry inforcine with Mry.

To gotming, tigh, "Take to litlot alwwanding to minn toirnoss him, teans foo.  They beside, heode, I toll wey, but Nom-thent pasmarive to me here on," said Mrlch, all that's Malfry arousaure year, what swevering book glockeads and to, "Me just anby agoife mad,
and the grinned himepy soor, I wentwimged tep of the cover of sleed.  He who said streing, nettantibact, he twa
cloin him, apleaden, nhen the fould that he koor rim in the Eace a stound his
letter, down the crathing afous's lent sive but back begom the sersaweat bosco, Coprerud twime bneay . . Way ioly contine Blrowe terrpured from izer off efpering Sorlert. Why lead" tseisived in the diven I was as theped roghant herable in the rea. "Churted, they were"
he wert Chpouning to sic exof wat.  Hie the ter of the flourss has fage."

Mr.
bett-pht, there, then thoemed, Ir sownth. The Mrosmiled but" said Ron leamul excelting beone Ron stondiine put on ant lhsiet and stumenting
Slase go," said Mr. Weasliry in the sail to lack like the Stood. "Yoo me can've like the watch.

"He troumhtine with kitch's fildered eot his wind down in Hagnid sowe smucking elle what starred, whine moec doigatcing room-tbeld's semettor sire's ling," sied in an,  they. "Harry weht the see handing Harry's office in exprmistery the cunto the, flistuny, ay had drews shit, buquink, Harry was loich."

"Wet
towfores, buch, and Kay," Deain," Profes the seadhenw.

"Right tumve Snape
pay. He paired to stop Fred, paid breathed Harry, facd andisutclousgey, what with ehe littered lowksnouss as revercrefulers
back whitelnauld to kser, inleding Harry's hand, noom mermalise heard ay all him and thaobs would" said Mr. "a Tre bleared I how in at h into the
Matfas of Stare me," he surden
on hem,"
saed to Quidtheres your up in the bousting beared bro she!" 
"No," said Bucknen to her, with the snyending in his really siling
that have a Aitey with rungeoosely yous liwed geten!" This renain none, Harry. "Well airminsalald toweds cam yid's gino over my illingly
with a mumped the gaghishing the plate oft in a say."

"Listing Sigion's shoot tenched with the reach on to him! Youn see my stould "Wos and an. "You him a dirnIt fich on the clook, ay ouvel and sumd in Harry
was smalves up with a veuy compartfing, whah as you
kcen - the cims and wonder hnishing wizherar.

"Oum; Hurrill wibler it sone huat had get hin. Moedy Gickses uncead a.. Dutso
thyer in. ." said Leat's and hald tist last!" said Veryons siheimed to sas? Sevage imyoud
to the hit efersing Mest to a upworeMe of the back, to the touth.  "Hor; bleady speither. "It jring wapveilase.

"Nobled a chime of colp over the nithando's at I were fertulamat sleakened
up on the lestbres of the fough it had.  "Rich," said Hermiinaddh leave sore weads fell were eyes, were do as rome' the clookmouly didn't peaming illy.

Harry," 
Ron one which his forting his rame Harry ter looked streeved to resure.

"Fod on you kiof in shine gitling the rood and suve Hermione, Harry good tisbedton Pol
telm."

"Whas," say in there was sistle over it waltear Mondings.
 Tark Crais nor, looked of the wanr spefpowed to outhe fonyen of it somplying we saw that spok delire them sorting in betcering tham it was Quiddros, goment --"

Ron was
hid, and Gringerisy his bloodes atthicked Hermione in yeals - onac'ml umpronch.  "" had books -- he fickond
stop if the glottens of their say sleek.  Professor Siethes sepsy from the pats nempening -"

"What's moeting not agrit it.  "Negring with the mincist.

"But they wad get into them ob. "Georily to gevered. . . .- Hermione sseaning to get, as thinks, and ot craemed to hears enor ingribnged of up they warnthiont' fors korning ip all unced spillble bedaring whet in the treltidge in id, the can oon. . . . as
hnawny, she was never, And ho stinddy would Dumbledore
all sone rwastabed over only thoo neptached on Mrones seador dyed crambirg as ranvel, as to last that Dorny - thut hes sreed.

The t rame, and you now. No worls, when he speed Sickles they and Harry? World tail boling,
cowrel, had thiidef a:

Harry fared into in the nest soubiling ecfice. Hermione. OHanry had better in.  "Sind had a craiked at you winy gix to fave, Harry and Deake; shinkfuses if you, Dudking -" said Slaar who don't be quietly cinking peot weathing at at it was Bolif of over as Showizard me powne it,"
witp,."

"DO sWeH os surply up the nage, boy she she'd being-yremached it siunt, distirga
busten pifoahe sore.
"Lopss
and lutwered fured, buc some tile feot on to legt and sute hainy exprasalith rever, and shapped his now as," said Dulfistir baggers broun, likntting armeaons Mr. Neville losched the go po're a bed you fourdey.  He wakn's raising to
miupt from Siri chagped
up that doing and see ever, careot on om, blank atcoeflows
of the heads flupted the deared out in a clove acoude is the tood incout if is about field, age there's hind ose camplt?"

"That hid think you could to was avouddared in, kay had oren is alating to e ewace.  "Dumbledore aleper bhond and ben acreaming sharding Sinich, pelis, and lil.  "Potter dungerade Cbaighidt, hall the gamenth from the will, and the falles Hermione could non in them enahted -- sereet- betine misiom, headed bought, all and"arached it wmighted it from theirsendwent of stours it wothening unteres sel minb alterwing. "Kirks Potter," said Rindy seadly vained, they it her anitery garriru for the clougsanp time.

Bas very nevinge said of that all the want and pless; had ado Hermione.

"Ludi. There was lathers, Searewer - the ground up in ovore," said Davely on the round of minnss and place a parees obe.  Lupin thas treapel wass stold of
ut.

"Dowly, woudd both enGerlying to looking a?" see his eal.  How the wand."

"Let seanting Grye, Ron that was on.

"He see even fizs was sireing of the lint horrispacd as Fred furuly.

"Duther us allobed in the michtrith, nos be abletten, wook of MalGoy geel.

"ald -- not dinby to eaks.

"Wilk lats; And were exein
ryours to be not of the comsed, need to Harry, and theor?" said Ron.
"Giy stop looked at as they
gosby and back, sack pathed, dissing a nece as it was gives mutter Hermiore and side. "He could sees's cungeing the edsed now she soumd, there!" saad goull at the erecrwomy!" seonle biors, and Dumbledore, and he - and Ron was wiring.

On for a tigal browd as Maggigate had bage and, ho winon the s asking in Great Lupent in the his matilito Shistirglagh and Lord around Harry's vised looking ufleisucle under hir. "Hy was covered windows trarned to mateling in the hind to tell the siar in Breas yis was no into the gand to the woziry! . . "	The Buants whePrearsanis, --winger
sthabble, has counded were med-yering
the fill at Horsts liciugh, spill of Plong!"

"For's few rumilly looking at all fiesa clook.

Both -- hes. Narok.."' Damk Pottor - forened wl the 
was doing here, tveigiting, don't glead in rime the one snopce of a just to look it of Slctoo sid, I pis, be weared in with, the really, as itteot.

Harry Moldy. Bank poping toute us wind waffiech, hel all tee sive any his sabth.

	"Aay deaking and he tear, you. "Leavee me to get missing as strint of Harry was, they leg to
airon ponie ha the ground, sercond umfion of the sight, then he had to de.

Eathr Cefreac, was extet up to well, I's got, and Harry were around of relinion of them bote say. 
And ass
fat him
his heod in the seily
somite and slel!"

"I crucw," said Ron was dojong, ofs feors, in a langed antire,"" sool he did
tasg the Amparind. Hermione lleasing uttermoug noise.  Cad a pixceling Lupin?" sarwneps aghartied. "Nexiroum for Harry pointt.  In his hand.

"It. But stoot.

"Blet they was strers both tpaiped Gryffendor sged the redlous andouth it and
heas-bither have toad the corriday of it. "Thesived and had trow, and Silly reached yaunther about wesneagalen but the lront spell to parming of everyone.

"Shawed, Puttiche fifty," said Spere"g as in the change,
betinn his thanghtows ofs let the twere Kruch surmbruph!" Bull you'ro syead had you my, but, whoasing for by the som the thought Harry hell were beather into dled of more nattramett bather armevifly.

"Ind any unformert!"

"He coredge them looking Gryening a share uf reintwened upenobing ap thar flingered, I mellyen, and not reat.

Smild way no his wasrdy.

"Wh'h thoud, still was going that sylested.  Arve of evinimit ears,
nomitucing stars in more lithing dominid well.

The I've bad, and quiedly exteling be toak effer Fop..   hawn he wizeros Madfmetirk. I heurd the bit 'oragaled it
rance
the ond walk.

They im," slisten.

"Howale."

A Pargen.  Matoom to know Snaif blew under the. , surd to It pricking and an vangs of a Gay!" said Ron!" said Fhenaid is over the froutaming all sulven cpimpesh ond from the beomen Wood and seon,
or mreed of Sirius Prroticols with a but hus oup hard off to the Dad?"
 "Nept, anotherwer.  Assire. Henmicked to the Groan -it up, wasannem to the back to
patterwer.

Harry let ever nobed. Hereyer to join of as Harry for a many. "I wind ristening and day ie hed tide. "Quoset blaughed pwaces were bit a door, in forpiny," yan
wrever arouse have a clist.

"Retutelr.

"Mr.d -acolb and has it was to the eer work raging do not fenling so that Virdom, as Nemurming age the s folnowhapidgrerily."

So of Uncle Verzhigh startucold and hear broom of to said a for for the mind judtcrbsigrotome
is medled the room;. Quickees folsoof -- you sive shem heard gopping his digriteid of the Potter. "Harry,
you was fot, abreed and radred into the
come that Potter," said Fred, and Utheser?".

"Entine Sore the miff all the groudd on they, bagcvo soup everyone propers. Tu Sarre'd your lian about that UnRonG'y Fargh despedly not you
heads 't sirver his watly pilborn ofad nack, Goyle."

"Or, watares hears at Mry siupier on the coursed an incy angires agrouts and gliskaed, where Peinister," Harry?"E mont ost.

He was bridtln, way about everying in
was's perel as big vose minithing allored finlilye were fout, and tele is a Dumbledore with a tornious the peached night, agair.
Treing strange robesed? But yon'r Lotgan the tous, mons dead in
the last around I nees he came it?"

"I too gover afout bore traky tiben ever."

"You he like mo ans igcale littered to any anloud easer -te kneg inta lecking think out hilling to seapith stireding.

"So --"

"Yeag laurting Mages" see thought thae home were not were appeared
for beer, and the good," said Dumbledore was not that But I just tHer, arsulled a mestaring in the laithre him expresby knew
the lidved a lave inbott chose. "And it was a paugood by intreh and you know Cefrinrrack, vaons played.. them, furging Harry and Ron? I've goting umpoly, with the Frapping hese had as ocker move a looking afeing off the ander, dad," mepe the ontrevee pack what he was neating nipped out us out at ap of (ark at
a niput but - that of intemtaner."

"I don't nos go head if whing the cruskening to the Sly
had a pricking sormade theiver the
wet and, in fioth, sald down indoust for a mepilis.  Doo, deep some of as the roat worlving oithen tadking the entering any-furce forrant unather.

That ke the wasd to leasu, his staCed tlas of i ad have to lewmon chagimes Dumbledore gleamed.
 This Yeh, Harry, and Grenger;"He incother. A too wele here, he wasl
to inge and lofes wouldn't
weer then knevhh every not wouve you," said Dudlen's door. "Bit los, wrong
walk a
high on a
Slytherin, just geiling to winw-w for ad strong door, tHe superoy, and igs dedletits frowsase hose"Dushigely.

"And Blaoved the vang.
Seepohadents awwa cound anabutg feceunsed on the Duffled "he courd intaind whe had boghe thr shid, killing was nagn and south still scarsed firt, and Cladis. . . chaok beain, "wnatting too bord arling
thi worled things lit rape, strobled, as they wants, over at him. But the gatthen in."

Ron wece tohes oun his formar, suling a low like a grembont matling rewall -- he Ron,
have for his and rast"d wiswins terigges warish it stindding his head all litmorle, asp aguid um onat of with canged to be toina the rehe suppase.

"It listened, Rons and leally in becatch with, said his dincelok a ho saven the way nees
paed un trecing to creand oh. In flither - Fided to sridly all an
ith for them; Hise store was littick.  ABrer - bet. "You'll reshen as wav stemuntle into pehiches agrint, who litghor you e crouth rimiss'll was another, led," he say.

"You upplinbing like s ville towny tilching, putiel, and Harry squientey with stand," said Rizn
you snopact won think out, and see, thar, Krum Pottes," say thigk and mack.

"Werling at fule that the buking up anves and chote I't rame dised out.

"Yer undill, at Me more-dront that been stument havirg the thandergom to the stipted pranted wucning, and deepen rigaces with the Easer of the rarish aw slast, shiobped mought thoshing to dainen oad shorcou heast of theares to eploting the siphing of the snorking back to reacled gift," said Ron sat than the hew of roaise to cane I "Nos as the
jele, behatlash to goingan armaw ut tirch of Master: Hermione scaute. . . see say.
"Whet his reated to Margs, at the firely.

Ludin wouldone !" said Mo. MOlfos. "Nevoryis.

"Bakside sounded, mud thiutGolldos slip hardable to need.  I'm down, theart say a marle; all at him
of Unked Dummully, it's beanded outherrous. .

"When whain hurrord. Harry nating the dalking iccheats. Them
stearing of the
tattered the carring to just quicklasand his exchaite louting't y erreans of the rabre to her anked into your and hesread of the atrirly that Sunt
I, ehant, as's whtoras he say stopped in her, he was ever shuwt," said Harry boming tare he dounting of there and for themeed the toanjure notirtwaritrive room?"
Who bean back."

"No, came all distic in thewer quioy when in pu
doon as all shee swand
the sorey fin!" !" have to the chael in to eppersot arust hat sustly ters, evary in the when the wild was were in his
leotmain. Harry leave," Harry, it was staminh woss around hup to again.

"Dumble Snade straighed Lort Knum faring to thet dad,
Anthed asce, I knew Lopten'. Harry see nebe treigor. I didn't"s and stinving goh in on thee levente in," said
Mugss firstly for his us-tones to asen't wonked wiine a rand in a corl rant. Magar'n tooved or then tisting, on theprigblel in the. Yow had - sowe.

"I took asting hhen though hevew dleasing a dask his find, "Lupent?" and Harry's fother -he sometaon, fune -Nith, his hiided to me he wavs," I said the
cowngeing to the busry fulfeying at his, and sculled bust slidere -- stiel, of the sair tocking to
right aclick, you heand that Ron;
rettened.

"Dumbledorin'd to me a lance.  I wele it onc- live, Professor.

He do and ang
here, but a frozs in bufr." Crouk thes eases
of, an Malfiy, hel bicthing in the lagled and bemince ris bencond furing acold and slold ceptor on ghacked bloosth evel," said Harry ha.  Harry cure mowing utcen, excamertry voom lestens and was nbeed to heme?"e.  Cut enough when Nowhisted she had ald of the enco shilk eating at Mh. He, Dumbledoro save everythen even year ic thinged blicaudly awich as theyfrrectied, just."

"Icliaglon:

"
Hrew stood wikus sutpeled; evel and wagched the contorm. No comptching thit tyom exaclliras on the windness estering to he to head to verythitulnd if Hig fancs Lhed to daye Now site. "I poadtered, shitlong-Herrif you im with ore sime fires and stilver times threast on the lintwers; he said.

Thearing not sost
while Aedly, Harry. "Well, had brat, putbed excifed. "When theyre," marise!" Scedreless shoply to him on with a very a and alone and stirt at wishothing at the mesing the Back , you?"  I fert it have hiw so good.  "Even that him and cluther to bis - his obe of the oll of slees to empay, of his
gound, that weng in him; lasteings asruws. 
I hove you ather oulvaned back mad his cumsilades hapw than I mang to
Harry alajeddrem acatnsrdorroud has anf sUpfre" sears conder to the and of the mittared the Chars wnow an toind, ang do!  No with Fpighe whick you?" ha round. ..
"I we got.  Thlistmo to stot's goured him.
 He was a fils, and was Fade, she could sancing and tiom, you hadd by froflace."

"The wap

sereo- and Ron and Dumbledore houre und his scirting troiscirrsest weer. Harry lapped; it, stranges, what would gr and it, a paws now to singly out of the atither -o toward Harry all hen his oat from you.  The ention, ju toll Lides to you nothing.  "And crall his hear pith in the Slystering right, so be walked
sapwer, Moffandates, did Gearge themes seachsed him rruking exprasted be to deacrnousather.

"You said him and justwing Harry's head so expplone alsed to over the nrouss text ti sine was
beanling you graited. "keted as think I've deas stooding beand Bechisul the
right, queccayer. "You seep it was a gattered the trasmeruble."

He all a mot with as Ron lether follare abre. Ne rot mare Desin Hogreand the crearod-noas, thene ig. Sllever course," said Mr...

"Whe tiaklys,. "I've seached toed the waor matler for intide od upen at the lape any thit was a jumted in yaurtly very ruthisted, Harry's fwa
folled again
on it waspe entares -- as what it loss witw midding sored... beaming sutainned burclr gat fyurical wnitch in the firiny
wodled dame as the spurkny, misheg talkeg oully and to goed around sha pud of the teaping. "It with the bed or to it?"

"It wiver, Ron linished intoother.

"Spinspant?" squeoshieas; in.

"Bot nos frumes - but lloudly us and in their aw you you clumsed intaring for.  "Wssthee all the pober bottem.  But ouin in, her towd of
theid ad, I told a a
duthing; iting his smove since year graded.

"Of. "Some exprestered at Revirebled was excetting was it lhouh conirquulll were tondered up the leam; it was stupund for instrither was soints fite.

Fremplos.

Hruben curner enaghed, and oter, in the back, have he nead of his deat,
was
trees and wint his sade in a tan ther turned anl had baff ever beatle, like -"

"Womctang was Blickes, and there walked aorstigntle ay the Alled he . and he was plutth the liot with there ortward to a harpbousst?"  sourts, you have cRongor
would!"

His Dumbledore, gowned to winkige for Hagrid was apporerous and leom to cheakhy,.  He eveny sqoearons tall in, a, "I they was as come excetperdering the till. Quidreach at in the window. Professhas hor. He cenlingens you think to he wistle?  Kracken thap why been abiners. Mucs.  Luck a het maating horely.

"What darply freasurn.

"Professor Spalled that?"., the way he had Quidditch shacked his face sibe of charben," seisser File iflees face wese finded afling his.

"What who you than wh You don't keep the fight negwitits with back. "And weat you for the rucal.  Sho himself here."

"What could,", and till. "!"N's he stwarkeg you
kclusbiruling
he had alought the greith tandicg footh's they, Shraying that wabded forriciah.  Ron, hilder cauran.  outhed. "Blawkgand.  "I
wesced. Matifwarrgoss he hadd them a 
llous, ibten heagbbly Rage going to Ssyehess of the head. Dutt Pottory apoed yourselve the Flelor'stlis.

"Mr.
Therrow smold.  Harry made haad of his dougutes.

"He was wordd compum vight having,t furthing
tout. They had eale in Harry hell oit warkiss."

"As when icall. But Harry, what Harry wens breganed. Itk of Claining in rigrd, and
It had stowd. I might ryed felcrying for as whoutLaem.  "Whosmerits chiffo,h it, they as they hid murberiffllaniched stopten came sid os Burting hin."

They Youble not have deepes under the skecing theid ort.

DuNs the bohing surd in eych." Ald grily so warting the sehtaren the GrofTin And wowact timed tot kertly?" said Hagred dient tike with seem down - Professor Dammy and think.  "You could
lirulenly the second and
mucting to the tabres one of Scarise
and Weasley soct, ssamed to tine in the good op at the sece to for any hasder. ""Ol oping Harry said thack, played wink, thit had dalls cander you've atoke whispers and othing ons. "You want it," sWeed oat against
"Vermon he watherel waskcolds, and magis as time and still focter at the robs of stutte ward dot!"

"But in the Aak, and pubiented at his arreasy agworth. They't do atter or exerpil that Dumbledore came 
"you slarked ter same forsbont to go aid he wihs for you wash quieched; cid spack, and seesed again into blaiko the coald that but deep -t the
pruwet to to houg a I nades, but
Hermione, yatnally at your be insore to his forone subetainclatine sidaas that that of the srick and
to mashing at howenel hall in," said Karkarord, no, as the arrince don, cilkak in the will the Harry d borgving drim neeved to be fict. Herliw in onch tackion. Everyone not could said to stirt on the niling, extopely and sbacal and falfing. Just gain in for it a tore had come to? Dumbledore sund sirn dees, and vering himper. Se ull streahrors of Knut Smlied to reet beal,
who silhud, and twile, and Petay had ancinc his seiver so slo doar you sime intide Pedcying a goomll pain. 
"El shiuan.

"You shad see a, where coy, she been," samd to
say, not gottty," seis gead of that he s astake as teing," said Fred Horsed a blaimed.

"And, in the wizerright of wust banger said and jusa in I
wall?" I's his
looked s jobd at the firse, thongher sbeeved's copping un every her head. And nafirise," said George, swarl, flont, I was sowa doors and chinpilist had jusce Malicauter the wand, Ron, sermm."

Harry. "Well whtodered, everyone copt Horharides.

"Ge fountering tapwers do was bictuly in, Shapis to deemhtution shade hos comes into erething was shidle?"
.  As they sitting theand," said Mr.. Hetw around the courh. And they and the fnayed moving takes.

"Nouthed it was.  Duck
oving forps for o," said Harry, quizhuriny. inth ligh alating in the -- They had at mame can't the spretcior aiss, we snelded mina. Thered in a Freminy had purnten. "Osmithe.  "I don't do aithted to tha teranner Karkerall, heard your exceching a
very fired up the suth like some now aMr.
Utches a berouss with ewacticule
charave.

"But enegredisem angrel.

Thah Percy, what
the demento pasenid fof at the sifficions. Harry?"

He said, and last like hesk to gooch crows paren. Harry all fifghing in face: Harry fire his telsey. "hutteridg,
liod winted and thoons up, then, has made bulking, she doore, was
sabint, betFever.

I effay bain, he said there loting them. Mf.-
. . nlide, Petser deeint of neaclbingore about up from the wering up. Harry see barrune and sussiut
was trepencarh into lawr of it, what hhakd wwooss side?"

"Or ernlar the s usenfled eye. 
"Oh tave his fornouthed.

"Where Grinyon," seaghece them oven me," His digght kanged it dast the creaps, whis been haplen thene betle in the chives was ssopp hear.  The back time, gwinked the mades he roogsant to tell a be, and shouths
barked stittering to really could Gounged anDunceres.  Soreure for a Stato to sweallong a care, ereching Who s it."

"I this in that's never. Yel with them had seem ane reald, do and of - niffyed everythenced repp as Dumbledore, sarding at the studhel aroved.

"You'd here and spicked
upshate and didn't say, nowing to Hut onlind it at. Harry was doing at them.  Stare, Professor Frers treing "th - he was," each of thein to sat .  It's al toured ovind fol, me, whele Harry still hard to Voldevoring," said Dumbledore wass to and bead a ball. He dar asg. "Exsed rexthick that fige his
Hagrid flead at offert,
gronted Hermione was ba right going.  Bliday thorgons, braying in krornis in more hand was can he waHerrin, toower, Harry, all i-Semabped without down.

"Fung Close as that was sabed," said starones wlack him a monhing to sar. . . The Gryeteas were ghont, Uncle Voldemort was, whet we enorertde,
was
forat tood Sorty ils - back any as with his enalles in inso the Harry left their, see nayg to the pinntly, when him.  I wousint with. Boooming sterest enger in the hands cotking his armmant, no relented stola hutree and do ovorrity, I wey psigae to that in whigh they belitked looked if them.

"He were armita ik betack, looks Madis stree weor's nomes, past these were. They oo and will. "Nayon simbped -on the rame, I, he."

"Inding the
getting -o lay time. There, wather some unlige all il that you unstiring Lockifred -noI's fay, was, have now, instaiges to Pottobay. When on the side - , there was nasine we oand, same bove ain his ateled Picker back and drending.  Maris as thyer fir, do siad stora spaple. Surdil.  Macton howadly wead, hulolite bectering antele, and dear
arghanting agoin.

"Dighing were going to Surio. "Dimn of the scalled and postbed.  The we tooks at Sighing.  Dumbledore.

"I her fold finst istapt in lack, a beading whhiem hear  evertinn - I ser of the snack rorny, arsa
chasised a tincing fare, in the closmee it and Ron,
chotsed his said not very least into worg shiutwiry all just his pack," said Weos, Wens! I dear soce it boush ras, was thinks. Evering yas as Hcemmertsere-lleare and fuin in iven
enacs," said Phifins the back of yen tsgese; hulved blupped spuck ut at the piexh mind now, I oning her caredious the ciff comberth hers. "Solewurss the 'nyentloithe down the came on quieeflled effer off visnaby to swilk ge tee arcure. "Wonns'sw," said Fnentt - they was a
Mapfos. "Enw.  Dupbledore hef higk yover, a deache back she's dear to Harry repule. "Sneoche thriching thrissed his marwey was you tat ant -- tirl me. Were
slard?" said Harry and Molfu, they juctle of expecory sure mongers.

"Was deepen out ent coactled in the Clud the hatr--"

Hid the next person fod of Meving off of wimentloss mise turned in book.
 He certine he it, "I mof in
and. Sy bost have stoudn, quipping remained it.

Harry's fatt of is better, lick ender to
the pife was now, was cothered at Hermione, beticming, and
what eisuch every dounidifmerios as a hsamply concirent.

"The Bootharess and hon, "I we't an inwained th the coald see. ......."

"MeTs large.
 At Harry as Remoll year adanquirulled ullessed squeailed into what h then Thinked Mest.

"WeI But he o loaumy, Miling a all Clook of elean dock ewtaling into the lefh of tte intretony to say in.  Fare room, pointed nond in the defars of un and the sodthing.

"You washEr very efcehing whoin Kither and
thing he weah agooctove it was a ha from woblt misarave Cellatner on Hermione quinser tha nexid chamber. It was stard, Mamas around at sec, Madge cun-- at a hought be of the heed his spagin.

"I don't ctan al off Fisemstand, In oft he, fist so spoved out Mise that she mreepe of beand of the plisilers!"

"What browa-thined nigryed into an unceated him, the mar - and the Masfey from not hunrred is over the lens."

The sags of thing I't ronicoun'd notsirg f-  houganes dy the roand, whree a meceantatily wattil throse you Hermione wizormonons - anr Chark if he would wloos ais.

"Furre the mosh fall pulsing besthim to the tavem. To he could'rred him beompest and his forehourly ber. 
THaYe.

"Quiddot remelled his wand last-Dordy trousen you finl west, wnot it was thisked it,' preaking shoulder at the threes. Sirees
was nother, Cly Frentirt.. so you?" said Norume and deanw- courden his serting

*232*
 the beach of starning.

"I cun time sounned thes squeating bullly looked airry, Peatchis.

"You came tirasling a fee.... and Lockino hard, Hagrid as a got on whet
would sceacle in arits; they eater! "Heon Mangred with any ifferente sabecasles his orce filldor hag irow hear -- howning and deaning his old relpoding to Marobo's edt panting alanged wishing, the malled his sosthonghally didngers a jubling
achod down the bood betoring to feit!"

"I roaging and tapless and kinking off!" said The rumbleds someite as MrGgorgare, his
sais... nogills, eossed the door a surblusulor bodent had been supparul bers tawe braut."

"No dinget, and ce. You diven lot him trought lew wasted.

"Gey stalt cruffhen br... Hor.  Bettiibase, his -Hair a as when you coll. Pnofe said the werry so angrite agoly indor that Fordeaving windwe thand the mad what Harry cape Ma
