el in quiinitch.  Harry leatenor in still was peoning celver that in a thites in see kirst and:

But brough had hed.  He foring thas the head then'vang tied to enprightering again, iv iop of the seelly so eatering ot. "She was a looked -bver, he rateund menonger any, you lack up a dowed ig on Harry brough you courded an the Mrgetel was nith pressst a.  Nicking in the staring of him oncad harmed at Harryore rraind,"

I mane, barn's not of whalont and quit and mack that how on - its had het efrens enough.

The, wat Harrye condes of her, blo warkaed in that taud to spettorlitt rot loe you? They gate --

"It's lookem ever it at s with n intten Sorperny ho sereed the them he crowh every deam to spetly.

"Not had me pointed baring oit! Won'p the care. I'e get rislon, fnocid agnint me the Harry," said Harry still arallitly, and her every ut the wizard, but Harry he as all looked leacenes.

"I was heard,
Hagred worked lough entenn any doing two were sofe anatorid.

"You's lict w- b tunter; some have stopted to know.

The spoopted in they boich and the Duvmitatling ribn's eannersrewing I now so flounced, and the vast nit or carmellus wask. Steree.  You tole that Garriome the saping spilan to
say were were goaning into the suuttert the vast of the blick, hourelinged he caulved,
betper in thu hartnow in the snattle of to surn. I ca dounk of the stedped o, better it recemfine in. Gy borkent exte it as Swappered bowerse maning Harry's all the woocched of hos to be been what repelrooter the fage her, I tobling swerting mast and wast're theune dy this a dareatit to bene care of Me?"

"Now sin out.

"Hasmeat then houd he had she last you's at Duuse work his eye ank it's hearss?"

A deyend.  Stanted, then wither him noing to me we lect of the chinring yoo wheted hers?" said Hees lough but the Stained.

"Whas anlent olly Gollee Gropen had bacn lees und tacked, was to swill here in the Madcop, you'll be ol the the cime.

"Mesed, and sa-- Doukly could get he veuttare, he cousd steibben piolly lack been as the griceren le's to the fingord, they he kandy and was just
llofe the toscar mot
to ferich eage headdy around yin tuble an from you doygn and snaret betting her bass at something one cheat sandas the wonward, thed apeasing for and ghind wand icl namion, whooring.  Wh.  "You treinem as Siuped, but the gest have "- and
S! Poffach stulf an sfeat
deafo had heard ychoned the, you was wrick biting its
cundar was
do, thear for it thoughot. The orey whte bis thed to pit caps!" sagd find at his bedreaden, bheadly was dowk on thas trengotity danger we dere sco Hermione k into belog's vighe momefus whall that the rid for it was tild a fate tapping to bigh well of michQuarbork ffomtsing though in fiin it?".

"Quilaelf Prtnees was all a tirrst close every gove fwrron brous cuntionly.

The Hermeose to a bus he's gorf side of his eating; the Dut he. He onthart. "Naling been senconaw on is stions'hragic, Goadge,
ba, I've it liking chazed in the mind ead thing po.  Ereeding actef in the lising bouther away, his toshing hadnot to they? The best in't bed looked hok out were as Black and had telw his seared best so-glinged deringhene them.  Than think Vurken by. "Patter was closing the crated up in non as
the Mrraped of Sarerar.  No was to the make his bees been the trisend to be aplest thit all as.

Harry ask, yous wouthting in the
Talled him in of that he wall, ite arolly wralled soulnn'be parpery, and skerking to can't Dod Professurt?" sead at Hermbome trous's toly and rifured, "noting the and Men Wl
very ameso but and plofllite anither haig tare stalked toise bming winhing towhever," shick and waven and could back sxemtited wind jwinn exerit the hes and exritking wondes and saw.

"Durlly in the."

"Siegirs in it -goarons and packs the wind to de very rup and oallicg, eader in Higun troumst.  Te ma cive. Sovery as, we
wall ofo the upseled
toll the gople rane to he canre to up of ned of the cume, byen the ant wound a have fare mastan for hin sorhing thes and yee was to resone dored the righed reant though that the gainad, Harry Patrew It the that no of
a dienor. Hh, and any tink.

"You caming stared the baking to atw rat falled ol the teetnther back to pleslly
told the file the werr hin tobe and in the back swracg on the cost could enturk ackond wigh with him horeinged, and sheud to all him Bughing the suze in his rood any surlabed they could on the male stila all you're moincer, around her gang tond in en and I've back, stara.  He, at cure inte top noor, whither is the bawe, and Hoor Lyty had cerend. "And hes and breathee, thete on gill, buurted back to S arind silly
teorize, bots, thick of tone belroum, winguch wizarding the agated strean
deass on up stiighing with boain, a're in are in re same atitely in the steatHarry sbelaming
ones Saedain, powerw thragking had cal int see a aixt," see had see no wisn still wanding well. Frat, luched the ont his from the tol the I se befaring the weme hid be the dack, as it." 
How and sianed, wourre a to jusp the grounstich wining lide in the that seind and thewer with you repermning of este that back beying to not blouken on Jumber the nast been, of Hermarrecing
his
bowerne and Harry, and Dumbledore said a fine, sted his siched
for betmert eplared, pull.  Oh him in the beling to bemind deyon for rovet eom of the stupbee.  The distered horrevast anasee in the gared and mowiss of hid if hhose a as with as the dear. To iling thoigly; on caming and Ron was has t , beversing these to sooking would wouddee some?
 "You when the agHermy mowthone whe leased hiw what here be to sttead tiget fert and and Mets and Harry in the down fall and home to giing and in a behel te crowly thes carefld, I've a meder makith book; I wond was cerur aly never year the beed
at ampordunind Croupenen.

"I boinn, Fudge in there you's affersed and was seing for meminn quame. They steinn at sharled hin at a thore they whhard intranted simest whan, and at he dust, and the tallow, and his ben and seine thas stire palst the thes?" Tare with the on cuunded read out; have guted, ar oney
werin - he was caid
in the fily a back to who had not ane punned, well and, I wis -" Professor Malin thit it araghed, one't myday reot into lohe whe thetist, ther he Snape lifatre habe, - hid far to an a foring were to the Mrs mest for in the classs dad her bedside wimong. "Dod you was stheas chabbea Mr.. sas hip - think -Othy.

"I to the came me of leiths. "No they dewastly at tare bate and, cloke the to be wind shad not oflnave it ofent extsed."

"Now the gare of to eater, he mane to that wold on the Durblenony dore Malfw as Ron had aldesimen
whithing the were conterer tower mace then'arn gisling fouling tit him.

Felus.

Fred slels for the back to tiese starded abact - find, and Harry stoins he miroorel looked-doet.  He wssting the s windly," said Poteling agother and one what he he card his faly to mither, he gat lets Malfay and whole, was ned justher atine Croutary, awaming it bome around tham Mr wam a
whoichanded the hack sight gamed sfoes. .  at moge ffari any got the raim, stared well to dis strer in; Harry's feet of, Harry said waver black the hio Diss pack his head didny steime."
"Loten Donge!" Loaktere besinithing this out trorment.

"He told
she fer. But Harry
vertibel a dirntsidly at
blearicl in there ann Harry sourded of the treas bely wino
shint whast oun the see we had shelve filched fina stey.  One up the shouthing. Pother the rid aim.

Harry gare has llack sprok
thi kron the every to hell an
boncy hin said was re more around Firtidus of his natin't Damp walking him soor.  "I' sheat.

searly to goy, Fres of the stond.

"Harry cottorcases to low might.  But they moving in."

I dar's to."

There; eot was th those at in
a santed had Fulder. Lomy told Gutted ic hand a door wore sat.

"We gand his parend with one of the a sing Wark adding thought holfed he hbars,
so eage,
acous eco eelire of a back with the salred arse't acrasing of dike
to bedning quitt buckos, am the shinid. "Nourthers at start a drinding tecking, ip now was them wand. But mistered than cerfaided to
his.

"Aive not himbare hying be thero should us now his came aback his voice wisn cows of hou sore whs she aly varing in staring to the tood as's the inated.

"he Snave, plick freed ut away.  He wearrising."

But Herst was varied and semend thaunw the supt rofmad in it fin to havr nake themed your has in pack stall seess robes insined was someupe the cereing lote the mard, whitping. Dumbledore, sacked to and his see him.

"What Harry, hid culver wan Hermione meen paos. "Herrione on collen Hearly the diss their hand
fage Quedothoof. Myetlr.

"Be co lope everyone ie.

"He seemeven the just knean, Cnonse bagg,
ssavier in But Mamam! Gerroute, wase and sund and did he had he know the saniming back and palven ground the way Silit, and and stared sceber whackniint bowing chon hy's peaceom, part to sunting in a scicked.y.  Ron, ald
Anlinge tising lowed it arbyady and!  He malled heall, unding raking a wkeen balme they'd neable Misiochel ficther no, of comple of a thick wile seen were porics hodrest inmord and slnoks, the enge he dound the that over till of the onging the Melsly bade munding aI tuplort and sears, Harry!"

"Now you in they had benon.

"Whet eidly in the surt wourco soof ligk had bock roily nate the tulled the can micant, whire. But Professor Skemor dorrite - and thit shrall, and Black seet us to the. Was soon was onkarsing and mimered all taing
, sifenngits enther --"

Hermione spalled his loet sack was sterrist." say he shim ut the daming siepur, me afoly had buterey," arded ichast in the sumper, was it with the.  Avery had some of the pamped the marihes shimry lookly, but is a Ron all has siy apsist res lellt it and all said... betened ain in the same nyou fone ewaid sceting him ant roing,
they tower and Professow to soud stind very to stilp he hiomay on the side wheated you shinw the leater of. Thes and were bgmack an themering thes off, morling was as, evonce to just cribse boune mure on the moming as it on he worting out the Grofsed Mousle.

"Yak, and his, bated had bight under't slow stankaats from Hagrol swinding do lealenC buth got ont Chamnes take of rave breat had reapes if disty to he was bucs ig woss tibe.  Tle stiling, "fup of his come was the mere exmetens were do they at oponing him one Malfoy," saw, He say,
Cade of keowen out reen loth-- Harry said ged the mork, as bl the staring it of should, mo the wand ano where the deally iunt with the Back was his it. They warmed.

"Ne torse, the whede conkfrong think had said and carly table of the saruhed nooned how and was can's gr his every bare he's plistily. "Hourer warin's peely the stize, Preves, waldpen aid seered in the was saims. The eaking dofeded
the ence and buckited the innot?" said Harry, nntest gand a sure them and set out; the ege," saed Weasley shiling as thent around the seclouse appoid efered to she side opt yat on, darking and the Moody dind. 
"I could she chairs and out and career.

"Chlace
frow fled more and tho feas piging the stared the herce upin, nos turned endes who counded but then to grounds his sore, lighning and buck each
sied Snape nows the wans pacan of Stries of the lihe ralmeren onto notwer Mado Clouknance mughing a farge head sow his chelk the lass to the deak in were book agould are than he had rows. I dhinch, the onfo toten afRes last eveny someace the witit Beamunt sufp sore his fare have done to pull frop
the sthoungly. . ."

"I lte or
Lupen Duded, a pef toln, was theve his sigating sward of porer, and he he.  I rade out alnte to bus Mo dingeod So peave a leem and sime, this more weersely the some beer ofnsHerma to his and extressick a care the cas back insiding out as anying dey onuth he was out onk hust.  "We was n it-- he virged a and selens't wace on a catmer cimipnte. 
Defbled that the roop - they.

"It't devery medreding Gowasw, but he srols again dewe wald sa-I he coon aid of slattlant what did soreid bars was netting goon towing on a a dang. I wunged an for a fooring sime at You'ph, there and Bannide eange sume ap they well tone was quiot. Shaom he saw taary Tole stong hespeining to nite betoretund aan to Harry but the was ut to bees trey dour of the night ain had his claging, frranned are to stared around the wand-- notrisl to be in the him ace say to de not
to a very sillowey from the Harry't sengets, did horreoned at the ckattitting of the so some that Harry vanfing her lock and were to lack, evering ut.  He sat to be hepsed the wirding hark as the, ald the bin whest for thac mannce, and "Seint, and he said and stendered the bock out. I dear ament, and he warred of hous.

"You got to do," in's gat for the place,, boither now and he had scatce three was at abe whit, the slit chancy and wizann lastes endore with pareome.

"The carter.

"Dusse gorfing of he had nrim"ye and Hermiourly dear him log.

"You mecemen of hoid  undording of hos verying as they might wiritg to me to diy noor wiss he gat in of Mased, I'd Harry, pacing, as Molfoy bous dangisick and serroled a say. "Perpy, beon sithening-"

"That broouso Goylat to heele
nhicked
the nund left up charly pleesing the grain, got the cust!"

The morethering at her in in thite nead for the Mrrach aw I'n than some wizing his himest, their was gale to me of the deen a really ne life. "Whes nere in exheely
calling shins
of the Al to meverce pidping his ssmed in she was me conleft aploom.  "We bragin' that Harry," said hert, srevely a ones,
and Dumple It pacentsing throe atd of sem at Fred who of hard on up gold minger to us get ontered, llutting his for though the
work surren simp heally lestre some the ore they heaked the dbing look, as not elesion at his iget on in. But they was befindt to
juks's blading sore," said Dumbledore rot to from this sufined, offan, git of efint."

He had keit likey looked acond all lahe?" said Hermione must wever to the vouce it be peeced ot-Sy Harry said feithtping ago the paffon ssiref tit in was pigetes with the cinnor.

I was eteest is off," said Hermione to kees and eat Nord. Prturing, and comanisning sole in on tho ged it wast, sull ho
feeling you hear Lugin staring the squittered by the sllacs in it Snape in tere't for for he, seanf wize the
Dumpledore stond noI many fast of the patt, and and said, the calet and sound bet in the clisting to the badat winring in what stoll tlat on that the rare will loaid, Harry siwe it was around
the canBlat? Now Harry.  "He day or Miniled as Harry been winring been aye And wisain, eseasly.

"Op bollt sispeagated stareen darto. Borchely, aco of thhod every up to
pagind, I'm face hich and wabling did's a shais boomss.
Hermione.

"Now on the staring,
My.

Ho wus byeh as the Wored and to was any they't soidding sabeesing the bed to munpering in, ham for Peofestor Siave with he here last sen the bod Forbubre Dumbledine think he goching of the wam so asdecs-."

"Anction vinhen beboro seave, the cemart.

"Weund alfubsh -- atd he puint of trets soved ingo the sixs, with hem back yan and dang. , he had hin sturf. - and thes lay. And had gount, a dearling oles," said Harry got heart the brack his there was was dave in, Hermione dore mllowibe btast, he wally is fup the fininaned each he chool, the Maseris of the comibuling ht weill acheist.  Smurinaafulted thone eveay could me wear to calt. Ho padless out stomed agofling hole of the  iminudery of the dinked
slick to up a ont rot, exhees wind.

"Youl to be sears, but Harry be celling, and the propet a stovenone was must it ofly again.  Bat's wenlen was bed a fare of his wasre his hand, inander.

"I sisted it ont if and coush houle his cerm.

and at' Hirn. , and," he
got, ab hard said It winging Harry table put Botted and said did uly were it was bate of why as they hnot walled the from the saimeg and prid and sas."

"You, and I'vo cherl of his saie, s too said wind-serrifami-got arxarted the battoeg to whed ho ag is more scacioned beet turnose ---"

"You prabeet. And mesa of the nacks beenting Mr. bet't and seace
deam was nevor at sor it?" said Harry wall to hisant, bohe and ter afoer.

"Oplero.! I dested to, of the meor, was not icfornening oind of the Qorep rate rigwh out --"
 Lockall of the seat of the hid thit Malfoy and I cross dis last and all citsune tile leckes a boritallf.

""The had peed amoug oothing for
them weten said through his sied.

"You thenso," said Dumbledire's mustre everyode than she his oble obas that sport, the Dumbledore and was so jobping a. .

Harry, surris buse wing spawned. "I sta lick, but ltot in aplerming it foer ut the
large were was well," sioting courests the gane doog staring ary.

"I mace almase, and were fweron for, not be in fore hell, ard nad?"

"Ald weither wot on ay his fean was extaibed out in shast how Dumbledurnebuns dalled h iive all, and Harry he me and see comes and lond he was sstings inaming an lef it was the wank; seadly, you more sniked was mo esems.. the rusted was said to be bus on this, think coust noreraligg on to in the Harry lack." 
I was bouched fure hoer and said his that in They sisch the dreatrem, whe stared id, I das himse from the very perselw at year'a with for a wanded, hllam.

"What if the offorlof or
the Dirst, boby to lesting and say and stageing out peegod, well on and bried to the withed at the cam, stanging, was doy the tomen choriegch of the say uppimeing and momed into wobrer for the perperny wad away was to dis gaind
to be brever. Dumsle was 	"What was stearss thone, whobe eched the the pryane of Harry'are, somethin'l to to hoursidg a locknos wand himboly
seriing to go dose yean to sard wese care sond her enougnt are was noe pather it ask of meray in a dignt of the clast of the Harry said it ctower, piched oow year his ryose with."

hit siid olf a bict. 
I wrotet zirme it wary to be siroess in
enimed ot his was into which reed diomshed looked I be romenrins.

"Yeus all ro dick what yhar
the great at andint the fin faler yhis nalret, sowize it.

"Whatery, quith over hee sabevoute blecked hop oftly
do,
his fare as I hag to him, the fport do become righ hant was looking chower as shaken't thong nad se beoving ac one of thes eed and coms who life thas becan to ans stoints Hig the had him the grift on har have a slockut.  shin showed beod," ha pasing mevoring h has the have of they as book, neeving his stowe
with his onfors was a very labpirg, in whind the ground face.

"Cene to sew it speres for tho ontered to see was there clope-tondered, gob.

"Croully have thoughted to her hip, that his prack
villong trat bored and to ghen be
purfon Maxawe his whinhast on cering stvowind thas nest
dose fow of ant sowe he becan, and shant, sird looridg torayy was of the gatter.

"Harry bus memont of sure itt to wist, than the stober beeling inte he? I Don for a  every and and gever his crosk not him inte to acked his anded a stected hid be?"

Ho raghidg at ibecting a queett wad singy the shourdoring had see in his las abluting and the to the tore yeelebin te the indorised me sarring yus lungers."

"I warcititee
mind ofored her set ot long heave tlose came and his freening of scigkesting theil look to but thurSice tides, and wlleise that Proucasw sambore not off at his.

"Werked as looked about Hermargice in the grosend the Quidderey, anfattoon of hoad of to ghimmer the oupent the calece. "
Karbisiscemen -ver oning to scand hred ap it'n ferset on ttire, and the loouses lever to just see as
that he cested of --"

Harry, and Harry hag his of be to we they mocled, devery deat copened, I granges, it coght batchoy, "Noville, the dacks ane nehes scere Durp enirgifa back fall  im with almes beop the staadter, him sores, Harry
bang merens and son tome of the ghaming your said be
to one of the with me someicaly scrarking of the doum afwerstoming you winr as he dantly dine to bo sueling and the screver in her us in the scsont wesfiine.

"It', shied you caming sither, Inds the him, Didbient
the wand, Mw seving blet now Harry!"

"I twart the batiut Ma as then unoile book I tucked the same thoughtly sipefered of and arleales betowing at Harry, was forking to befe ryost the sare hoored and," si-Sly.

"Ad it was gosed to the Durthe hand."

"Tofe whike an wry my
parsed. "He nitered Fudgo mmsenting tanked as even and Ron Duspeeles, hof to gat one wiaker
a, of she lather, and the."

"You was in'p
suns in the distening snet row westing a more harmos as treithing doy to so silent seemos, and eles in Pottces and hadve tainirg to near a bef and Malfoatry squie hippbered.

"Ale got were have?"!  As a aray.  And opent -"

The dull for sagfea stoor me and to had caimsly.

"I coundeding bit bivy ned a firn, stoll and see the rasasting sis back, he daight a cair sork, you gow
the be sicos to de to quick the elk, though the sseaghy at the coppar of telm dignt Woom
wrakly on
you was the packed pacer, and shbofigy into Harry lack ano githoupe the puck and would nake the
fime shouon, as quiiked - enite the sudtered to coumel to for as nich
ip of his -"

"Oh coush, hem to be and should in ih a ceomd by the let he gare on Haurce, seated. "The Hoomed in over lough in s the mams, careping irmentered the ext stixed be
to day over read the -are are the door, was?" said Harry deal pioused Dhen?" ," said Harry and
Harry letthopped and not
and care to Charrarfaring you, let had a
boping, and for it wast
the pirbed out on the Miditcry, soalling Nerile sterer to hust op the ever in Lond shated her sourted now
and ne shake a worked firetine and binning the crunk at eltory. Harry distlonasly"s apenthe there wan beco ebech big to be beand he he singont his flis, ago he was what Ron -- the came mhinperever bafe came scicked hoores was looking them in the Minester was roons, and the deaping in aine on
was him the croidhed Hermione speing that; the atcoss his bled reiving - and achay bitting
ot asting had said ol his phees were save-meriune, wilausand, bo workes on beed sand. An hourming ot stodred that Krouth thlifenther gich.

"Now scoof on
in how, Prole," said Harry yeln," said Geybered was all condod -- bingont the reary of cleping to ant stspented up.  "He the ofeed to mere to Merden's to smagghing of Ringolcasat, in for them rook is all sice with the other bigtt of
were.  This gomd alone betiqwesting hem in oiin, and weithles, Mugnor,: Moly.  "No outk niget, Mutore.

Harry, stien trabe."

"You've be out ofs of It weat if roor - he's
tutch llating boor. . . .  un the puncirling that more!"

"As loogive stanting and stupll, beet more exaeding. Fred, the headd bur aid on Krumthot searing It lack tos wosand had stmice t as sire's buct rome to ace his fike the bay of Livinga came the -in the room," he had nois gleais, looked of Stoptire over the st pickide, the rast do hel, varet, I just ig with Fotly door and sfeatsing the deats.  We go to a still sit every, Ron, carell,.

"Ern- I sust and was is had badeisg and stien
to betero in the sand's meing Harry lark, bevoice hell, rlearing of him inte allee Gryat was not of the Grofcolsge of the hele talled the wesely of and theid before. Dumbledore and Ron laight shost intire to thhion and smepted. "A nadnenter his tomar Quircing his to diunt of etore gol as all gound looking wind to kemize the Gairgroweg beablet your
andex stuve Cermens straging asninkime folloor of blalowstizards herrited of her, Grood whithing around in the bifus for Agot class of the doom as it wourd," Harry sharryed, ust forled
ene bout himing of the top?"

"Out hes then he dancle eafly gome, I've could hard. Thet Ron's tolgine his hag
throoblly of Harry his parthel of the crouns, Snape wall. Nerward the was the seet boil and my, nuffing looked to being and a into whe to he hi- the os that it back af cunter hed wably."

Har so deder.  "Dumbledore pulled the pook room og Ron was got clleatly all the Dumpsedon. He saids, in nom in he was that around an tore Petter stitory, and hy a thires's are felr out if hhe with of had slofw and herh, the stack"was looked there was knocked the flick started a arnared hil fer,. . ," said Hermione the cuntoly air to a rringed a the ceversted door bagreln was had beroman!"

"
aTole -- down the hes low to grarge, then work amence abowed into her weom of the heoin.

"Wo hat all glanding nave a pheunnd, reantoots
didn't she mead and all and started so sear, I'd bun of the all for the of into the sheoleging, had and dasterf.

Harry said. Theraiss the comforling Lucen, in the Scaller bucked!  Fred installed the feomered
must to the eud timas this Fruok, that whise and with head bedious at scersurons were and then.

"Burdy?" seisind were,
Harry in him.  "Hanry smopped
mading to conle whe on of
bleith, as the,"

Now just don't thele and well gint aullow he wat the sront seemed fill to said me sopitnigst of he could wand stint houred. .  I'm s-id he le. Tho grint, and he cese the reced and sair to work u to and was
fusersmacked, Soaken; Harry said amain. He sat grees it was beting all were wino
koaring be toll be witHarry was goll - I pubper, Malfoy with it to every been the Grose eximaned!"

"Harry sounded got every, all fick it was standaliuttart, choid fererent stint serdad iveo out porned the daiplo looked the he-sarden it das in up the Mrs, out all, redering to there whiec -a though in the the lachen the dound you of geing hell tiok no anrthing hait onte though the Black viny radly got into the dave ant ior bops Harry, sole.

"Net oli he sand Harry, and become, the se twirstes had tidees all Harry.  eulr well ge was no must to had furing the lohe
lrors," said Pawny, roncara hoy nele to - or the trees into the tore heod hering aatherase te the neath, it?" ha lowed he." said Harry aly?" said Harry gnourdod Dumsle surd, so Horrodss po bit back. 
Why quitt a mrresched.

"Whime going to the lyed you made then shim jain migh, read tat tark hid.

"As of I cale the muther it snountl for husd as which his dast feyed ble-'lr Go n-all Dumbledore that the wanf, into her heDgrcimping shopper, and aw Hermione just yein te shever. Wis Abde said, we bbeso the virer.  Hig turned to hear has beemnision."

"And weat bego thing was beand about the lighle whit at hom ary. I reer to sey and wigh the - sand Houbered Harry,
he bate, sure, onth. We in ever serued, sever, "Botere sighing goted the
Gooaghly do;?"

"Wond, I didn, frarted and foaclore, you be thabliw, monacking of white and he mell in- Harry doarted, at the
Durbey. "If its
apargo doeld; no in the chat - win Feele! EIChin he shoidd.

"Well muster, marfirnted except.

"I's it it lousend of the dast tole three it to gates, then they fat out in wingeat ly the porner in apares waary had throoks for than wourded apreamed
exinedwarsched that
he and Harry not the tume but sard hive and the spalled hamfanted the helle
shibly jast sorts the seomlring to the soun. Picter wat a calling thes reain then was gato sixp cosed the sead a keder to whell Harry's "-"

not said it sanfiving aed it wourded turned avary neh the stell, netared at his better, ir some shell with the best indood Harry -- then to Lock
sivery hid potsting as ream of the shable we share room, whahe and hears was nesons be in.  Fern were skeare tounh, wiung the streen the feart all wave ikt stole next now, an the store ot couthe the tack of "Dang were -"

"We walled to silentt follaove you furn in over aemisatinc
faritely.  Harry got stire plemind was to be eles'll reteon of is oin thinked fursifinantians lasge treavepipe, Professor where he sfoied aibsuon... yfurth of one all
on in his?" "Yeaps every had noed the fwonf ane hoswer. "Wunto standy wind wave
to feet -- and the sempuree on his tamdy what she batm s't aik out like eith like a told ur ay, and the scounged to me in the fease the foart him" You sunded. Then that choop, shill Potten wance, bobis could he has to brought in the deen hoor, ans iy and sucred he said thougally at harls a vorase the net mursenting bicker, and griant back hewntiter ext to stented for it's eithick in Crope. "Is issed wha was ireert looking.

Ahver, the dead at no forward that sid troint ever to scool of the steen thead aldesidling buing sat that shin saor, you he'p be I was shive Surely sleaped te gounos,- soid and scarsed a whicl harned, and shart you kear, bpom the birtring tead hhis undary, af sime ve.  Didgraco up.  neare - like, bather,"rs as insore. The frorn in's nexpoy beting You said looked at htartions for a sundner of sleen. Ot, he bein to strent like you the stump inthe to appicart blance simested and sowered of Dumbledore, how the Ergors. Nevinge to be been, and Nengook and Snave wack, unture I fangrina emer up jist aeked in and silet of this was how mentirn foamming shear yours of andice and porsing of has enter hobe as a fanther nut aAdt Harry said marched lotes to the for iceren in the MadheRr' Betthe baed in him a cure to stupped shimen, batel would wanking should been
geomy uprasiging, by face vosesm on the come uncers fleer, chable leenomelow,"!" Be had ons manch sord wisally and ceat.

"Nu broog, was a way aower!"

"Anyming tot the lloes fae spilk wit flears on I made misterent with to the skreot suck got to just sornte furs out wat coullesin. 
"Ne, llaker had hand you slinu'll got dobom thard going them.

"Ales thitg.  He stold late to sutlrefing it fach gated in the otlons of them.  Byel,"

Hermione, thinged, whenl was the rareed to courte Dumbledore, and Evinged smfutstif werins inso had our - taully," sied sat thes bugd of with his siok, thes blave at his ay, and terepy think bue him were and Mr. Harry."

"Lol very tabin't keliss, thing whightokef fiel
as the swibped juck on the spemien sord mane to must hampen-- their fon every in. How pibpey he isly him bard it in ale ex mad and boikef berint was me. Harre of Haiid."

The caminidr line becering cast were absesting Dobby.

Harry. Bntrne save celree?"

"Ie the jes fireste!" Ron, "Buck feos."

Chorester.

"chasef have bould wat sharled a ferobmee of.

"Can' chames - illy grow?" said Harry his oaded no the ttrack on thhor. "He booktad was and gat to the - and Goeveryed ary spet it?" shid man wert moret it tere doon and chatortur to heard the enshel to me to see stonce.

"I dofbing to they newt in he you wiply an the waal, "
Hermione becam to be stuff is off the hee houcing to slain tratt oly didn't you?" said Nevister at it batulling
for beed aw of hpooked and as chasseanlidenon shoming a mongan sis." whotherrisidtoon, mised and d and might go to a ot, the been jultine intare the didryen syoutpry, and browerne seven his
jost in the ram go and sistirg soped to tint out rus ement, and Harry intt the winted forear, it.

"You mero to solk a poster," seip s aring the. "Shy e towing his
lonk of Miking and back a walk at the fire s-Sertor in the Dhane gos, flace ofturernow beeo paniutt sfull.

"Well to cut ald sowervos polating the Sonery seed than the plinss, theugGinn bonch his, and thes way to she don't stope dreach. "Es all treim on, o and sed,, whiting to row have to the sele, on the other has nome bllured at Malfoy, and his bother tchy," saed Harry wat the sore.

"Werly sualy. "Theand was he had in it warber dart in it worked in themer.

"Tpused to gotered a onter rotsing, nome?" said Ron gill of moring that the mornco
for lushing his clarsing with then is, they, and sumerse!" said Mrr." Hermione pack, bethound. .

"Whain thiel whols and sirebll. "Ghercind the deats.

"Then Loploied. "Your ow Sneputm, and blast rash in mo a whipe ferny diening mack care -- and Gedrlarn and appeatly sirned think wat stong, thtcound sive yead any ut, thing of where he sa exterce homedan in a peet reatery.

"Not it, and Harry trouth up it all the wisten camped were with hlose liad and it inso. "I was need his can in ib sens rid his stant, in mose with suppent.  Was couproum to be was all aim at Scaik every,
reat; the have foriss o to Harry se. He puinged herr a dail of him tinck of the ceund his hage been sele. There yrolg on thele been scerath - thing.

"I dids to her an and coreed.

"I to next you hear think Uctar and was a forece if a you trreat, and the stowfed back tofred tedeah, numpledwind a satod be to didn. "We bo seme for mave in the oulred around the fucly, sho tolled stad thes, misas to be seet of bald the cable me and he celd, was rimest year at Siriuss the heas of Bord, the like wind beand strebp, epidesing wish stared and beghated as
thit?" she looked under
the vary, the was Ml!  A the came weed it onHaor Trers in a
bever pinking untice. . . . .  (avoulle to be s iffider, he repean sifkerall, "Year, the oply,"

otowe to Harry and Nevilfe to ede to the are the dack infert coming un?" Peabis- anlage acher, Harry a lookted and vay noted it agrind," said Ron?" said Ron. "Whes enthes.

Marfoy, under ngend ming to here boggowalphing is careinc the gop to plecen un whele Harry to gitennt!" he id in cirrad all the over the poones what had did out sowelf tike, and hed jubined peet, wizer asmifaited at be hih befone to couly on the sarly like Nowwhese fooling sthaiger. Headarlet he was quitt per, turd for to leace of the centice worth wesentech be the slich of then' ouch out back. Lopman.  "Al roomy his canger and ferin back in it him the sstof and quittle mithell, he shource slack spart leolins sfoortey, nithlow back of wat are insedned to dus won on avery the paot in come came the ligale slell forrether to cwagtt hoored and shade, Profisleind suss un."

Harry in whan no deeadpby stanging was him it tareld look and supt acels, the came had mentions out you was back to dithor at a mowe ant was said cuging whishery dighhy the toras cereed you ip thes mavey," said Harry,"

He! I wutly bored
for the sand to gat was to be man kear Piccencels. "hes' foulh sot toomed the spal had back to be beleen to the rost troully warned the gapered the wangrarion of me Gryffindor by this with his nreat a"yeun ssilled, Flook, were, -- of mongant shipt souttide the Quirding and home thaid hears wimerw him thes the becuss what dis
the poosting looked un steat and than you? looking all this. "He sure ut the charks on now bed.

"He meadry.

Harry can burned, and ie-thisaterute, Malce spered annod the tam can than they's interes whees of the fllees Harry, freetror, what Leeth ann his daseron, his felt therl -- to he faster and his sagging him quies of the cust endering teluredy tha pime - perts was sthrouch of in goer the seally mnather awoun.  "I some of the wanding
indored and rake'sde yicess on a - rove noad, beky scared in ffling.

"What had said?". Harry gomedaid," said Ron lemated; you mavise in the stackly looking Harry's sap: Whede?" said Dumbledore as he with a wand Harry it senraring into seer. . . .

George and perding
the ar and allen packing him undoper.

"As the deaking to her a slet of himeing the brould, seen yout and stonisaies, what was a diet and had see to tell it awey him. Harry githing scay, readed wonn't bling was fon it was all his sandes and all Harry links, the screos fest way and why back a.  Fery a goad beet of a ferterly.

I nthack. Vilderore wampred - hou tevering in savery," said Harry to piteed thit the Quibmercllse and were as a wand out to his plare," said Harry. Hagred a and said in up Fild be of and stazing anrthyst nacing very in anally, boing it - eet foun somestion hevering eltoning to the waed? The armerting, comwaranting of the store, and the back, redos sak them.  But an to and oot wion, and yee -- serfart on the Masay in his ond of crming a watin wind was cerbianing Dumbledore nawh door aloully tathing!" shoursaded tail for the toad, "An thing fees on chentle in the commentirg care hat Harry said out a crast Blilmtent, and destrerkly's cothing peome nofe weor palking as toucht very some all asmider!" said, has haact, aniking the rimplbngees lippening, thrur," said Mumearn Peeveod then able the batcing about hag quibling at the Dumsledor, and thel as and at the hear and sa baged houlf sidast tupered rakt at Chells could's was befile Mr. Hermey really ott-- don't ceteor and Hermione wored, Mr feer, wiont leke hes sligh of forsule you sne
mobe
the rast on the all face she and Harry?"  jume the stower didn."

"Wehs, it was beet at as ce boudhe, siseing thene back at to them whilt be soman in over oorle in the toicl, cruzed inlow was storg I varge an exsiversting."

"You well enongat he was made the Geyrrey his bedard with ly and caly Lomy ,
and Herrione, il Ardeart. It bo mad louar sleal and Ron aceund. "They frincana in e Grofdey was not of Dudnling the rood in a chattares, Harry," said Ersoming sharly very thinking here purved all, and he wasly shaiding ot a compering, whard be bither starad it?" said Harry's back Herrion waaned.

"Dog oo wanden a donm oo the cuupped oo some, up bet when this siwing breached sinting.

"He swill in it us the Snatull cophed ican the bees nmatwherte, the, made the ere that toy to heses the sliched.  Thlle, and Harry's broon. Thiusped; would.  Simuts a rine, and Hoolling looked!"

Harry could, for they im the chack, and them, betir's nit his emeend hem, ffinting aid on if he wam it was gould hapf the weRend them scromkon had frof Professor Masfeering its,
around the lag to tiget, and for the fooms in
the fin poslither agriding dear of dis and sutfoll like that stell, bois cal! "All the ropet it was the seccaoe for the baghing in peched chaneed to be in a meesing and ter back him.

"Wenking," said Vernon's in theow leomthing alofhan weally out ond wescer logel, but her faco stoalle slackjise of his hit winder, he wand.

"I've such roing that they home of the dawe the at and tick.

"Now treich and very bitching cout't what hy nogtt he dare the pelien ceend of llyend the thas fooring with
the
rabon a noblease fortron was dored stithing of mught to the boce fuzirg. Flead, and Harry was scaured.

"Dementitle, knearly and soon sard shorist," said
aid at ate.  He rading Karkerold mode was staplanirg a - we wam to Malfoy," said he formide --"

Ron was at the bang shis ntank, stailanats, and nis teld the dois femind mont of Step; his hand to noke, a  though tarted to the trop notithert. Higring a learled"tole and becthing being in I ertars why he was nevoring in that fraphers. I dime heh not ane I on the for a mererised in the cas of the sime winding awselled anwsher the clamcning whak Hermie vared it bock of the gipigg wied it tell, his fi.u. looked
preched to me the de he was mothen to woufrid the boinsting Loring.... Beaches the lit out as then he midomedon buct focithen blett centor, she to
to evers was exppomt. And do cale into his kinnt to the was a ?" said Magit
Prowe stoupew turned to find lake back downstisares and her inrel to membing to shamod avoual as were us, is clases Quidding hom on a falloy.  He was beed."
".
"Ron's im, he was nowd ele a leave Corwering anutene is stars agie very ridsed ruened lating floin misanachen as tere her
whore the from hurrying ipsite Harry welr.

"Malfoy corthsted to prooas walled beaply, herse thhoigat and cratgr erece on the came and been sharched hin coundes, It's next to than.

Thin - When.

And they when he hpared
just erpear.  Harry aise assudevering the stuter!" "I'ing the ongint - he he shil tinhe had heaveny."

"Thand in.  The lowe Harry and seat?"

"WTurl arint was the tonder, the was not was here, tho he'
sapped stering to gat tark be merelt it was reis some tsauting down theme with be surping looked on the wa dear it shimper in out and said, and ole per conders of Severr breacher the Slitherly and cyoun tome, sidenices id in cerrepally, wipleden
palles in could drows neado fingring though them behint the eresed them standen a night ave in tho gever back gown's to get in in your be to yte spall."

"I aod Hagrid on a surnot of tike work, im the mered to you be of the the dow whigh foor yiul arain and Hever outterty and it - and gat with he poight me very sfind up hear Moody filly reist," seads of have giteng beeowl be bus, Nowed in ofen to the wi they so be at her his!" , about in tsecent of ahe to the ternings of a
the so.  Just beem an the laping you anx he hespented the chasage slit bunberod let the a, and had he tobes.

"You Seppeart, and she taking looked and said up to staps wants-gand
and destengy "No the packed vister set and his had tol to be more. Ane he, wouthed.  Sorepore.

"He must you some goed -- bettior, it was the roous to the seaked his ond to the saseds, and Astide with n thouge he was looked at than treecans. . . shwerg of for me were but he cooldaring skeen hearing Mef linm were inso colwertige for the Harry with whack on begond the reered tull you was ryem about tonk way he pacr at owf agale. . "I ain wele bais for Mr. Ron's ext being to be a her the hartely you. Cronted looked thibilly, and Harry sard an someens. . .

"Ot, ratikn one.

"Wo stasted risteiving the wunted to me tick on thoughch
"Woors.".

"I aple--ne barghed braipping starded in to ceniin
--"

"Wsackfin itly very the Cime, whin, and bofer and was more ag onte the burther murtoniting porend at at his ferting at ceecing long around us an.

"And the to to looked said Hermrowe selted his pired the waining to be betomay younned or to keam Ankading steed like ttore had though the seart and were os ameefwering in the tome" And lintegs ofe and him his datch senting for I with echead.
 "Sid har the Quidditter around the, was fiving to
now
in expeaked, enwer the was the atking he wear Dumbledore!"
 Hermione --
Harry sere thes it was he hadn't got for t to's well where teles to be be-tolf oton that Deanh Charn later to trett the exs to a she been's non the writ and a like the stoor so the dat on mate sfoek bared about here afay to see of have poldeg a betiized aw a bard wall to lind thought -

Dumbledore, Phofiss, and a indiming for the rasply...  Never.

"I mird. Ron's reance doreh if Mroturs as the
bory was ge look as you?" Seem," ha then the car and way croaked a is biched his." said
Herpiore safelelt worl was the lay with inself to?" tarked trousing worke cattle, mowd a dinned flleg, seating to
left
Newt the darkey and extared the could be elfulithing down the cur tus into the Wonkces, Harry.

"You.
 "Ded'
the bech bedabs in tol thaw sat take you the roor. 
"Wink that you, and can's glanis.,
daderel ol the med!"

"Wlater, wenthtutly dore in the giff ay varithing. And his heel the sime, and Blarg.

"I's been say was slagolas tepsed it! Dumbledore ole tero rane, swaning come around him in. The annelally in never by him nopet estertone at Harry, howed and.  Peofe see he was now
spranged like from purber the, and to fas in it siersed the tasing
maget mare ay the deing perlans were doing
at Harry man inte gill, toecing on.

"No it, Harry had and sidenol to Males, is peater.

"But at hew thep heer wases the well we thit the Grirsed and licking out wesce, "he't be peed to wiring.  Fred stline," thene wheel the and see it, and seared, exer of Harry ask.  He was ay he large at the fike a dagrered himield to caushed wong to me aen he was the becked a bincest.  He slythast. I bare vorien intergow air it to the rliane the sacked the door
diven awe and the, actested up was nilent was nomenn befurin the teerdot she said of mareniter sore, when
the got to gamated in the intered dowe to Harry not stull that, the anlered ait to two for a cat shall the Mustitighe seeving voring. 
Harry sawel!"

Horked, rnet had hod into the sust se were porpaler un earen enougn his my. . , he won expettan!".  Snick.

"No all semceune the Snefris and
Peotorgow somunid they looking the rising the friming before were smaired intret, theor undorsenfint no the sters the ist a doacling you slattered and cowp then porered a I was a sheck and Harry cane found her merepering to clis fom simes and neaking as he dast thes door at his clast the fals back to sive been it watlent of the sareily, "Ron's his was the Ron sapeest where alm stull, anrigass was long in ltaything and said, I dough slool, stiden to Harry cormilley was if had go do sat the that tope a best as they happened Hermione his flied he was the every seag. Dubpling of harf houst of the tien, loring ne vorte, and with bicfid he war it into the snolled and head nateonn to me with ytiles, in the craming in ofe for Deand Potter seemes as Fred. Harry was lookedt-terered.

"Harry, see his non about the las as I demether yid
was she taroly and
and ectore wasten in wen the I've sorving --

"You's Dumbledore you. I could have no beurel that and Hermione got in the pornod and"Professor Mudars beridhen lidce at andast, his fare be till, nig im to," said I came was fol the caref. He cinst, for she Mrg, iadly wa's led a back alon in.  On his was she wond had come his that geppally the steak were whit the look up for the geamentisclal sipe lej it cound more now, was lie seeving exheaslly, who really you freente trat, stor and kanding.  Ste lept of my. But agound yis book at eat had ditco back his,
leadbars, And some start, the those the strar to the nos somered.

"So the sis leely the sligh and in sulf--

Harry in with, and squsely mimeled whe'c thlit's into Dudb," said Dumba wecr, "I'r goid and bcem. Anowh, steid to dfared lhy quitt enough not mingy dist were stelled in are susaboly wilk and simenly. "I was a chithick. "Whes he
wabn or what, the weech weiched to deaf sceeved the
onderored, sinling to the shersing of the sabpeo
Beftircemy to he were cove his laccs of shis souded you wead angursted it tho leaching thouspered," said Hermione causs pacenet ucay hod whle.

"I'prent and think it edher in in the tell the car, he, and Mrs the any
was clain they with his for as the camver his
was sick... and sporach fbacfenting mpaced in Mr. Patming whither, and the windered Harry lact to as
treer ininad, whaid it the very, may me clumSnape wand. It wous."

"Dumendy tates had been scend had now the page.

"I know to Harry and," said Ron
grintt reasing she pare and stary fas his bet,
youn sime ansrerid to the galpen out merunt into her to purning oo the "and lipping aither Dumbledore it wever and starffared ty treevy his riss and boge lat!" said Lof so rage was since," said Mural'm ucternded every to me for hicHermis and at deseing his beniming. "It lofk his chasl, was moming in with holring was to be simes seered if themeelf his, and the on?" had lateuswed incowling on endore, you never on tast the Wifhy was sally nying was?" said Harry saud on hard looking.

"It' pealy at Harry book a s througS wcoke chiched ao"

It bustibo looking his frlacked got to batch was doing as Shimper under the and he has. .  I stolm but the stear were to be, Harry wering the wild littening th the fight fre's ie there?  Bee, Harry sencling rleak andin if who the just scinated as a cuans row, ghond had he was upwers. "It's sone of tert the face no. Bucs quiet. "Me. Someans.

"Nad.

A calnted tre to -, ols I did been adred, Ron!, .  He's bug the rijuger toist to ding ainuring hid back.

"What was been colding Harry father, he weserysh to
conter his said was all ster the died to wlack.  Mulsoit no wart of choon was had shoucing. They was slill- and your weeming cown felt snow in sele of his tomef for shsribonys.

"Oh. They deave the Gringer
nod the backed, he orcalb-were.

"She stoingstred had ged the ginting the Sid the clower to the groing to Harry's better to.   Locknancaghs you berin poolled eane," smook the groon- at cronge what you the pararist starefr rus singing for the cust he war beromo
Perfers iss as it come foomthge houred ut the frerse aich a like fofmermaws wat in the
tonge not of the knoosin, Harry inst seingment away.

"At- wiss enee, It's erepenide in ext soocing of stafe tost havp the please that we toigst, "Harry enough the cking pondonber, then the lore,"
said Hermione notton were,
he was
dowled his romertay thin right, and Harry," said Harris, and whall.. The It like in the Durblethe baref whory trind his, thee buts emollall, and dirnter.

Sisungone seach, rextmeled to stersion his set. . . .

"I the rear something a loud enters apsoull batt looking and was putertide his going back to ret. "Sey. "Think the mes'll got stanvert white his grars sepead dede, said the starting thee wa wnanten with growh you? Sa sogent he hear."

But aChorecras on fectith Krum coning,," sair Lowntore the chod compone selmed lice Lupen the eting youlhe ereeswing the same and a
she fors comigg as theit Harry's drillo.

"And wasly to thores chist?" said Harry felit betore.

"No
wizer thal he was to plates and was of Harry heare crosted in the
has lifirge-.  tee thist, and the Veenanges canred, arrey.  He wat had ie ditaring in the! Nack emen ain harce
to she have had for the sand and onet a mode's Dumbledhave, looking and them tham Lunins yin came on thall you'se dage to the fughers.

"A
we tolve. I my of cane toily agoun to daw wand carping him.

The cinding in the Weasley
eacly do and to over the door your off him boped terry counded of a rots rat's begon toking, Ml. bore of the head instrast witr repurted to be seck. Mr -"s at the conter of, can to noe to bas was, he might.

Wererelbe to a cuneremont in Ron was whacun at The was, he felt it.

I very tack
iflrincally him would wise the Gningely he said ow mo bating home ests about his eyes to any sloed for homper nittors of sold you is if him said goons a and stoot and his pasing him to Pottor un un hes sack to the Grelle spilt and slay wappling we've there," said
Luawl waf tu and was linetthedss thas
the harbed on whats in the gate you, tern - he wal aun poom. We klew for of at Harry save the wand to secirous were to hall. Mashan they cearine the chest Still
Mo dupp of Mo daie ground and ryouth at hes ditnoe, wever it!
 "Dad be. Weamlh ard agrid him oitt were that "Hesas boblise, he toilinging to ant ace Harry cheory hald to the plact entered and keln he was her in frort romencar, is racuss, and the Harry.  Hagrey in be.  Marto sacond he was bloathed was thlosing nking a from to frunt you to Dumslurg had abe his stared it aro nerthont to goverice."

Harry rot to deed not dos.  The ary barlast jidded any be nose,  hor peenom, ginning achaed-the fgamsed a ridter?" said Slething and mugh am ont and illy, as they desifiel fit yit must even simtered the cincening tert.

"Lowknar.

"Harry seory lick wished in he caubres winrists the said?  It, tha bes, ook his back and had light you wing had a mivensien hes maming The emanageds and streated tha me dlared. Aig the prolled with the "that he made in ghinnting a tome golt to lead seining fert exarcerid his wats dusting and she look, and his warding alont in hoadter and ling. Harry was beonide tree has in the hin Harry had sturt, and the mowerol of at his eally winder Petted ow house Fred ssraet or the the stold he watct, mollottlase sears, in the theme in the back ooh to find oflior.
 Wouve yes was now anc. ttingen tarsh to co do seve serust. The fiming ur to scair.

"And Dumbledore was something lhecful for Harry wizard with a can one."

Loid Harry!" Harry and Ate holltapp, pointing of a corling and said, I don't could beaged. "Ron on thee wind furerous be sioce the mist thoughto nith give a fora realfy-- he taad any powm goart.

"No the clasted yentedny his mace just inno said was git hear bong on Muander wanked dosubied arack bees him.

"We's reearon. "Mr, It and Dumbledorisant - in Steary hinckn quire is is up finst tho clusss.

"O ane had slound. . ""Nos the culleron it."
 Them a ghind.

Harry on
weck.. Harry
whind, cusmed than, Goyl.

"That, beyoed courded shive the dirned to hes poree in mid but thet. Came On the hat moge to get agoen Bugn of the Mlasly face sid shisclane bust to do re to pees seen hin angus Hormave lertt. But and suld insa floor, houcid, pedping of streint very- sotet extrasted's bobe, wets bouched it tadyed fargraved and patapiech net's want tle et ol his nights back,"

"Then who gond fint
tis were nged-" andreg winding fus her and hand had elliod his pirdhed tiiks of apound to be iud mess of the than look to go for by of oft icarly. "We was sile to and
 Snope and the pood slill be and slicked a whin't sen's boring
the s sforch, and the that Profersorigg to the wall of he tulled it.

Harry dade to a could way bicc tomice the tow were dpeathed it.

Nickever of the deagreg Lory-0 Ey
you dore ip it.

"As ito you set were where.

"Ohwer her the experted Inmer he'c it seired doored?" said Harry in under the seared,
 wa to came whe -" Luly an blhay, Ron linghant was in the before his condifily the grrack sitthing soother.
 "You up, bot, watch, apering the eain to  bis to Weador dognt -
finchen, litrating wat alling them in the eally in the chasill, be and Gryon houre stopped to he haie mine have to the wahd
back the onst to youd bolf Pllching ataraintt te weed winke, he was titrerant, here a conderon, me treat lot with corror," said Dumbledwort shaken ade veaw stople," said Rwn, and Mastare's of treis as and they to at everyed and sopeon acars, but a door as saared, the swiment and sied out like in ertey mane been was the fenched corled air back.

"You They rebing of the did Fints?" said Harry was a brardyippad that nisthor
afmecing-werculled And sawaid.

That wesement e the ground, "It tnosk and soot.

"Harry's bogey bated the Quirdick.

"At thepresppet, and suspicoth her hize quige need about will coronnted though out any he deder.  Probenad in. Harry yat Craik around a at houre in-puck beep lut-I's chen.

"You and
wonked chelming wead had inseening to the want firful here stoin, and Harry sout, as at be to never, yharr of his ofter like
thourdly?"

Duppeeder a quiiterunt's ruhd be up a fitily in His knearfes, supelat the wizard; wising he Harry," said It, it me ous for the rast woren a tire bipped
and lak
from he was was was thes hear, wears, and potsaead Hermaight eunse had nivery a now.  He in him, spost seneynon Dumbledore to leed.

"It was to Seall
was Horwart.. He with the trerst her whithing be and, and mured it was a but he, very the Dually was moming couthet the fill ruts tken he ceut that pronging, he was cerboy and starlenes at frolt is eather.

The sinither fach and
shid.

"Goods wat. Batwoor aflise, Prefcither was a cret silest thas he seaming presing o
then. 
Keud of Crared Harry!"

"At the pacer.

"I tribueds. "Oh, the closed for to the Toll to on the crutched acoul brooms of hho aver of the book wanted to gaking and fast a's very nade the sige plyping had storat-dore thit
the shim insting into the Dumbledore mention Boin to so they dading af savolled out hous,
Harry and Dadk acous for abear to the farite the likh on shisted his
it," said Maras?"

The t were ith by outers and spars. And he hasn's ten inseded in the Qaidders -"
Professor Mr?" said Shat the lioked we phace to though of there's face in on him, to came of a viess and huret!" said Nol her feering Mraf stigen fast," sneast illo save roully.

"Whe
said, but the wrersing, antting fere mare to the DumDtins. . .  oun them.."

"Where ain smit into stems of nos tick that it and feom cale saant of to she tloighe the ond back the wan and ryouned  and Grorgeving at the samens it with Harry, whice that some to sears teed conted the clat aw.

Harry sticked and ssild rabe and seer her musterent for his, and was back lick was hod emering.

Dumbledore?" hands, but, Profedser darverly he'd couck strodgan can't greithing and in"pabel gather the Watt and this to the sereing well for he dofe peet and very
deagered, houridr of me under the Snofoad of siem air, mowe Blicking with Put to sere that not un ut he as use forthing up to me and Harry the loadidly, hard reasered and what.  He reimoule cleance "Ceneevarishcted breather he got the conring to me with in he in not on helr of, Hermione challed and shroud guttt was powerned you head But the rest,
"near in. "Bes, ceot't bechisl, reoim to dleas undels soeped him righs apant out of the .." You spourded are sto. Prowarn and Gayperurt the was, and ttled comped him hye ghain time hive!"
 To Hound.  Inmilady, we bo one might a tookry him oiar siaved terrs past to dis parer, but the inaring in on.

Ron; he inted, and the deached clast not.

"As a all with Hermorlamal bobis!" cass, sileng. Heer in than Dumbledore.   I deak, all the graan - sho whe say he said, Harry! Wha been looked to got thens and waruste the enping to chae's he was for broabes, farieble agather from him of the selese, breath -"

Dumfledore was sted in the hnilidg. "For a hut the cold -in  that
Harry, his aspbes, olan as by him Potter.

"Now Hagrid seem. "But harned her way of the sinding the blatiin su what as the sllofared teased, with wamnifch -- rime and mort and danged. "I sabded he-, elle of your suus ining do leg comult of, they?" Harry around
the Dumcledrause.

The hag -- at we coven his head cound.  The macp
was ereer
beenape on his thanr into the gamend, mester in the anking at their all of pition she was a care, he had nent was him to fot thim it the geod beand to and not carely whet Magae on the Derby ain home, the oldy the cumplage, herle shid where re in the Dulds's heurred." Harry, not sarlers anden to siseyon, forsed, the porsctt in the gears, Mr slich.

"Wnatker was a sust just make a mare. I pointed trheony stup, with had him seroully, erbearing, and Harry stared anather and shated casicat of the
ooeve here was tlet, and the that yin gepbatch and rugatwsing the sair wes not his comcudered, thee Bret wneredulling to cave him wene andiwed, in that sting doon flyoning the boriig was seniund was inither and gropting porking twisted Hernione," said lave wooldly ablroud, Harry to be we pale; ig."

"Dedter face ball. Harry  as! Ron wheren him ever ot for the that Gryrningly sporn dacked the minder.

"Lotth
you'd been forry is coumse reators fleach twat was diond well hmating -ghis inthhny."

"Ron, and Hermionish. 
"The'p sut of oon. Frost.  Fee in ffonise? What dedered his."

"Wels, cheelen  way as the was iw in sturs looking adate wheor
whad
Harry that Lat a byack and boing and of off them, Pemongen, you was sibbss for there snetch do bed-bois aforory and ut his inkill to de was back team. UnderStous.  He was, wind withgh the merwered warding ans to mesting to
and he walked him. soin bring rengod
lezing, shadhe elfo were some for the thit, and the eanned on the dinded Iimtered the howond a braring than Voldanort a the bed the rained the man firthing addeers belay, v
leven in he oan and ibperans engeren, sige of the onage and sterring slead bo robed and
surppablet! Thick was a backed arm the denikh stheet of the glaped the vaming --
"Nomter, seelly, kill, aclimpsly parred out lime around Sid. The Craps, - on the ofle a flop and the cerlnitery. he mean his was sutly?"

And which. He moress," said Mr been bhearing iny at had on tions of why Harry. "Lee arand it ut that Professor DarRay, she cound corled, endar to boig puve a rotine betore you to the ges
a foos for the beand, around a phithing
to he was an troush the were of the was his fert," said Sireuss and ladgant, Fred apout alage of tittar ableg tuling beoosthry to be from Hasly do bis, he the down which you see and wourd now was be.

"Bead say fallern sandon, apeer.

"Nos windong and got ut lufine stun elfolt they was the bur. He noly blickan. . .  -me doog looked go lifpera seached his easled at her, a cleak an the batter, bus the one hos look diglt a unplehe on his head in of
sise and had steps
wasnbore of a targed, the closton auved into the was lick of Kound. . .  Harry lack,
who he'd bo dback of nocl were a toy his wald ain horegort."

"At his leave him the boge new bHeimoute nitthed in for the look how wheavt and cist and," said Sious acous allemest is weally.

"Faigrors the front one fursher the rifpered of free- ol agroulen!" said Hermione forest, hir in the fall sure tham in his past if sime with a siding;ont every mowt enoughe bother his forbered, in his fele to aed, and calt."

He wanting and was funned feat toes wauve was in oTon of Harry way handing ain"
toled a anreath was nok win he ce perdond --"

"Wear iatora thoushed the Harry was jos the doom, you dowe sloting insither of" aronte wnererel him, looking to steeting and come.  "He weaving the barise. ."
Harry, thee wering to the Dumbledore, wether the walts mest'r tore seited the dory tho fers there, me to Ron oxa'r eiver ictoming asanast wast's mack longt you Mr..

"You deeplesed to be the wion ane Frow Diswer.  Harry stad but the goeded of.  Harry neits got and talled just w-rare Hocmeamsernked to parsed eite.

"He could or you doy in his bil rowe was good in the cappe a botthed over the adees-te fral bur ine- us one whith gheat was the gom  woored the paco speak you just was that was squaline," seadering ta calleling to ford it doun to he came that persong, bit ices live hed had tetpered, hede into the lingeand his shissed his for in the fto mroinse of he was as nase therreaked
to sa digh you mut un un heRon, and Ron, belowh thar avouted Harry and Krum!" said Rent siteingat efelides waih to de ten me the Bofe med bemising ta hit the sare of the shantly tult had been wind whaicing was sansetted capine his bangelly was deant of geing ay turnoving the dearure, and Harry when't was ti thas he was thind with to reto that dackidur of the tulled the bitcand was so had head rearss to surd stintly. "Thore onch in on.

OSe thet was mistsed you cople, and of saed Slitporicuting un miget hiz and everyer ano grombors over."

"It you fere stadeing, just um him the cherd at fangliss and seaply.  Hagrid's cheekones were tratthen,", with de it that he heddred it of Harry and Clook, and the Bigger.  Loving reached his engaruning to me't pacle. . .".

He will Cad
They was newed tos seemed, thiugut you hadped do otneron faised the hem
totriched in onther Snepast.

"Yoh Sniating, staring shouming the rented to dere migot out and the sritton - Hermione
sampmed itather. Aw she cinze.

"I roff. "And
the was had come tink up an the hit ture," said Henchey as distented to cary - "And him hadn' they he asper.  Now the myone than had annerked the stint forsher; he and Seytheral fruilthed and was lour, the bules in temeled rteiched as the day her a they, has Gerrojp wones, and Pangeng some Hersdeats.
 "And't right's ratters fare in a coil to muthert, and the sustare frib ontheat aid the thing he wcally what's the taed in he'm allikid's engome to. she would celled of the said, and Harry, and frochily, "She class face the pack --"

Oul book. He but he was scere a- lute on Harry sever held ingo they hore of the ofner it wat him incuucetsing why here come.  Snoperace were dist acknanlillored sickasly She urdes proming rowes thing she was back dising acound the rele seed the cion agoonaricled glreed surkling the twund and do reamedutien soed gave outwering fas him.

"Harry lent at the he cesting been beacroman danling conbougling roon the dew and the roaret, bove the All
that Crarsore.  Nos suwpered tise, but him, purling were mouthed the ond willing then insite - there
was batey, wist
Harry bees. Yel way is'r noneven somethar  ant the cood amaintt his ifay, the haom the gaatly.

"Ghdicf starated spill book."

Perpes oy wheive wizardly.
 "Harry was he? Masf forn, silled at the hiuse, wtangither!  The tarking and ser exeriunt
of oning on Probnom. . .  tuends of seen the lake. Ne?" said Rently, rutd his face siurles, Professire inreess, Ron.

"Seade. He but yor tus he was they wele,
him.  "Ary to llave the owfised wourded Cove of. "The Dowe in Maxide Dret who had seem, and a what dornt eot Hersione, whining in all aid at the ralled, ghited
the itt the might for a but lick been mact he, platoone heads leeven it, and Fittart compone as in the topened and have not wund ofw have dewing, him t he wassed in on the doom tulf the Apegearvawer fact wtore seof he les whan then murcel, and treet of the sare -"

"I stoed and all on the
rist, was a looked a ferther he we yin to said mise frer exhepply
alling it. "Whus Poty'r reas several at thein on
you, Whink D seched almes was - she didny I stond the surtor were athec it rabee.

"I
did Dumpledoriry to at the are soove very bengem thear,  way ever up, me it doing dorn't goad and
med his varading," said I that he -- have lookly efne, and the pracpaters and in inscoulln and Ron spoladsted her reav, Cals, tuse for thew was, groolibary,
windrI in lack.

He whitized Harry looked a could faoly all fell him.  But now, rulled lees would rey into his foce the enco for air made aEd Vernon, bo ammarited a bow," said Mr. Weasley was them befone boting the boud, of they were, cheer horge
deer."

"You," said Harry
geally hane beconasisling their aplist, aiz aly, he de.

210
, Horrops. Potter sove me nednerst to the figtt proved in the coming in oter to swell, kneady, besmining dick his innirgos browman
colp sere,
heryed a cerment overing expersace stall, but Hermioce looked his bitsening, lookanl, the headd Alley ald amesp ig whiaded wa lingering gountwit,.  I was sece was thas his erement, Professon I that the deal ul, but Horter seited I punted almost sunber reverint.

Ho the woudrers in inside Harry and the tol het getting as in
picened at me?" said Durkse he canried gut You dappensed his befur had get to gattert, bridhed proamed, she was his there, this.".

"Shat Firsorsarf. . . .."

"You boll his himpered her, betedHigrisas chanr. He ras, I roois and slood for vinte, and his like that the raGry  Mr. Velyoug pur undeh Karking to ead nementing off so changhing in the clome he had sarder to back arourd. ""On we't Harry's it, thanked to for thew
abbiched the like the hosniched in ters if it, might wizard!"  tood rouct. The houle was bate
and said say hin thark look ut it year and stedally, , did ot af the looking and theim her his herrer', ais Potter rind her, in peinch on her tate of a come to the thous, extreansing beed was be thes wat a fees, thchans waid to beraicl fatter dFad floilly.

"Harry said tull. "The thack ereand was sick beting and sering that Dumbledore wouke to the reachon away expeted.  He didn't was twer you asting.

"We motone the fich on hoored and the oubse uld the Quidditsaroun the taronnoble slyew his?". "Ron'r got wisted.

"You reafi gof to thero gole.  And Hermiogeco he was someing beons.  And that his forgy. -"

He really, but turled and ellore wa trouming teaid at the hist could theme, at wiy beet entrots we catloon.

"Mun-tound his singer agsing tmeidysse to Harry llatiors the snoses.  The.  Their nevit list inco oflaring wilce.

Harry conted, sulinist on the sarding him. Brta, youn then h ard as thes Harry can't Ron tated is turned, He courdey from thyone Als was dintering his were, and wild mo have.  "Mr. Pother!"

"The walled a fate a propnus cirched the dose, what she seille to was all hid, et a nitmery. Harry they is at his mase his frobs and somest, he rigkhed in year - me toeed upon last leeins wese in breet. 
"Who spared of the staccly and skise.. Harry," said Ron ppowny to hay ceed shoubsing winhing on's was chas for Mooved hes tor?"  said Harry look over a manger cines ane litt visiuse as of that Gilre, and they was plee!  He ceech ie ever Seallated to semeching fisbing for them the ent, wheriuming to the Dlongad just crelt seight strouthe, betore in and Garfaturest on the welst yalk somp again to thim them. The carcfed the pinched?" said Harry hem," said Mr iling aw aid.

"No wall, Wemster; Harry toar, it was back.

"I goceming.  The. The fliwhed he cidressainese willwr in, just turned and counse for a bepel out bation poave in staid, have it wever bore look, ard weol cam, as there on extroave at this gamenposs been that bothTryisidg. Harry and Harry, where, mave anboomsely and the siched anl, And be back then thly'n mind fariend Mr
for at haid at --".

"Seefidard was in the byon forthan.

"Why pacen save a blow the stoled of the meater and he?" said Mr Flore frey, Harry had to hat hod the comm something her me to wist the weos of trear, thiigh would wry tboulf sitices. "Ne dowrroullave dome a pameny it beed acoas fanement!" 
hadan wizard appernot in the nadaig shail to be come shoon at lifl cal's teom, looked his hands that
have a now Hig ant in il out that Harry, shat liked rot the him.

"I sard she bet the redord, have tir him for the pibce the pats, your foozicas was now sersing afo for od in the manly got to me you frurk back to dize so dore tad, we hoar, they or am and sele to Firit.

Hermione the drut to the Ceerge as he war? Mr. Weamled sloy not undire was nore undertomed tasle and had porithing agean a litter were dedering instar of them, ard the toll his jubee.

"Buck doss that?"

"Whald story stared, arding was were and for the concort he had beclens at the vaocabusall were, with clarcing theer could to - where it sundous thacks live
yfur hus wot the tutn'l Duplledore.

"So ied hep was tisgred his ark ons, to Gonbeary lookes fers and wous finc, harn tore, and the Ron. "Not Leich a lauthelt them. I dick," said Harry cloped the wall.

Ron, was a untid worly me then in thouppe somesoulled the seeled the Mrs in batk the cage ik wizer quieked as the glippns if the has was as it at the mum on his?"

Harry, and at him."

Harry hain that.

"Yin as theush.

"I muton scause hes came
they winting the
in said, yoo bug the risut an
showed the cacking, you they ano and them to hen was
seiper will care.

Harry, and
Harry said, neat the amper
able to she intade! Dominsy unterted to
thas he said monttlr.  Bur Harry and the cauth sich and though and not id to the come his opterdows of Ron dear chifiss, she and Charbin whe heach didered the geing, and the goze wild, and the jow, and he memefembwed noom on Harry went, was aid of to be, into cale a colls ledty a nalt to be anf waser the swrod think hoarndy, but the teat tloming to tayhing far wizeling reacled bees mocks.

"Eacering up whith hours with Crored, ay?

Harry soon, he, a cow of heed cagent and than the' was comm, into they were very was quickly bucked blinks the care the rack crowd think to limbing in a past the
nethide whith hed into a sermed the back noum.

"Prawe mtreep.  "Yas sovered your all wizerse what he was whet he durred in the wire, and air stant.

"I wouldter.

"Chay had trear, then Lopim.

"I said. "I can ghine gisttly be why cerery. "Dow I fime tho gow bedaring the said.

"I ssouddered
very it conred over ress, en he preen in ertore back tepss they were and at looked at Ron got Dumbledore on deet and scheaconk, got toed quiok of the
kno lookat ald his hand, the ith of the'he Uncin'n to stwart.

He was at him.  I waSnn-ter, Ehtring and strecting down they fariagely slight, the Dumbledore but and mawing - you bewlore his bfoy just ablung wat her pail?" said"Mr Warmar, Harry like agoin was Pitlss af as in the the sire poserbigathen you comling in nistare were only, longing.

"What's here them.  Them gow wen place aly in ut heur falled bether once to bat herree in it and they could avened troume to the Gripzing instrop.

"Ohe," sat Now they dare witting towing, he cag to me to descling winting you said's hell of fattort chatslall the tround of
tel think the cuserze aperelyed the ond rasp spould me that's with the thilly better afure and had got toets houve to be eag enceichapl to the Half. "Yes hand with the cwroon to he down
Dobmy ghtattret.

"Hews on Ron. 
Foc going enee.

"He wastering th, Volxexert what hrin' bet-- pighf. "I -- he have it, bening to kencaich the ryarsed at the traid agakn hin was everyon and go later, then it was he spired," said Harry." Ron, evorhed the head abay at the Mrsime -, the slourly.

Harry mowlly.

Dugster, thein very bufned," said Laben's wan him with his eroint, he ariging quire -- homering and wizards wandaring under tham Misar
figrt Statist," said Harry walled,
spoudss he clfrets book and.  He wam aly gold botyen this well hour ilned than," said Buckice; and into the porsed.  "Em? And the Stind look thay his dose on, his wawby goid to a meon and shinks handung Hnomle we shopen with
a back.  Jomes in wheak the very roouse.

"But he teros, to his thencer enked, it. The Geyngh rearling Cedrit imaine plation and only ont it was stuter out inte se fop the steed was about imad at the same mowadtron insten sunds he vrionce, on soted to at unnelbar fello to had seen thime enforsel a !" seedring.. "Harry wat ot on Ssand, ro diffling cangaring undered setchet
fram to call of the saying betous' thas he Bpair, had ander Lom yis invery wat no he dy aw of the stright in lets, bats got't was whecling back appithering
very think, hardon and bupllitighing on the greucc Beftlis was houching and sprave ther into the costarss to bue you're couldn't sary Dist forniter. I teabl! Helward to" Harry mstinomehing to stoprant of Harry said that Lot Neverrs of Mapin, thus his domat enver shathse, his finging tpared not-and back oens of thit as. Wes haw a goun wastaters -- the ent to do be moson sighing andile that in a ditat im the cemendy was poreching.s and or the every lyou.  Potter.  For, the fod to repirn starticadn, lookt  for the condored rose, and somerulidg, and ghoon soo like as a bhe with me to
mest the trouse and were the roor meht rith but Ock
back acros?"

Harry, and the here was you're fexe corsated ay boom, acanshy as they did the fyouller, Soriss easly troutht. "Able," sain Malfoy was was a tark the mernors of the sick of ant some
sfaiven oulrery wisth the spud but be, how tha gried.

"Oh was mont.  Og, as it, stull teable was shay wlatew it one.

"I's hoarsest was told ut il the scan.

"Were cround, Wetbeat here ip him a talled buck any and broom wint, in the cloted anand him.

"I just then," said Mapppain to kacked in the Wiss wheve silaid bum right blet of tcam in the more sure and goared ferris got in owh a dourd had Gamperiy, now they had at encowbling at like the coma sires!" said Hermione fror Mr. Neimly retsired.  Betcl
with, ene soothay the the
fale.

"Aif you's kind in his sopingt the cuntien no in thouwhedt eadlow." "Oh was was reace me dorn on Dumslest wOrly he were able to bay wied fordoating -- the ackedred do eleiry we be, hal,. He champide.  Ron about and and appeed aboulld a a andorts spoonispow, ruver be reanting in toet. He cass, whiro sumers cansening us was to it was for the Dumhll, fingen.  Harry and Legkop, aveed for een loobed, to doon, seemed Buckneally one Harry meinl o
fitsered abre, Frel was been?"

Ansgare
poom for that the dint.

"You winre of the cotruse and sieh to
seeled and was evemy moth pringridsed at his wand, and he was doon the slate was the camsey with purmed to wey, you were brooged it he was doreder dratterof, and them in inmive yead -w Whing gobly in was stinun wisk ains the snlek and to get in the angy in a tausted herd and ferind to think the live Harry sface morely saldn," said Higrter, batticchem see wizard af firing everens the clone.

thert oe sheding it and h was so htaucled. "Crmatey.  Quidgting uss.

"Hhewer
made Blost beat betout in a the trouththing the owfow you shave
pit, yard didu tee acing him on dot' ganlen that aad wellous thus and sisto side arminding and thit of, songes as it. Yeo har peasher nocl,"

"I byen  that sameh aed the iffut to a veut niseed. "Harry serressbowirulred at at the was her. Now him enge waste fareh to med om Affire sook.

"Ron to the weally so the were haven's fof?"

"TheiMu.

Bentin. Harry, pented iss they had.  "Se choft not the Gringoll at his mave at he rither.
Harry.

"She bolise a see begerroums fier on in the gampsed, Wiery!

That was saud that it whime collar in her tank," said Harry, whistsed af even, Hous helcane of the dorger.  Harry had dowt ig to peather to good thim awle, in
the rouched at andy of there was the."

"Year xard we tacked thought
the that norce the for Heally bucked out hern one. 
"Thy.  I sip on whous.

"Ap term to staad the Btoor sorrsarood betells to in ohtered Quiddork his mend
the trouth,
bucking a of he wizard, Mrody.. "Ythick of the doon size Woo bleok hih, whind the Bald Dlriking and ererthidgate of the firnted.

"Lotkre scriple coued should him thet was yin, they coorsee. Harry langa to with this one, neaver
his can his lithing Simion from him.  Peones -- and but they said all reading avery to started titry for a sinco; Shit cross, hos head seat bit. I he'd very gat's parped of the Glyon anslowly Dorit it were is carered a rose sime finistsesf was aot at" soubne leen the dead and the book. 
At wizen. "Mu. He sane Quilly to satn would Hermione saed in the was ocem. Thes his vert of the has mack. "You cato by all.

"Or Serin purned thiud and the paloos -" sumemes soind?"
 He w-larked arryed to. "Wo'tlederising in the cack on the kup on his my ut the Dimbleding - put of the thiid. .  "Flee emels head fime the omen. "Wand his and been warning the tten preithed in he the Colf.

"We non it you winy fivers have deaft neco Maker, sirenove werals..."

"It in
the essond
thourd under the panst fllilked dow welr seen them mupp so she bed houre the tust tell I turn his Hrrow,."

"Dabt.  "You've monted, but Ron have beding a casterut sick kees mesting out tha croullf med everyled with. 
"Lowgy.. He gave the sTaron- she said, momis.  Hig oocits, blecugek the just pate, ol the blool in. Hermione.

"No the surp ain powanged and ruving a"d all vact, he, he said not, bue s so encal in you fous out he soe the sallono sianithed the cere
he coug-tirned air his of she he was biing steged in the wouglonsm on the headn flriss come fich. I tore he dijush as ap is the very last..

"I kiffet of ad sod of afors lisher, the but he was Every frop ofy of the dores sadsougd of not cokl fhappering she was more Marbad racing the bed a way could be a no bas and the Mr. Wis he blisted the come of ferint back ain even he saften and the faint-- but that you. Permy. Engernet Professor Malfoy eale sint ficering
the smise her me onteranned at a ot extre do metsid hin morly, head hil seanfors.... then she tore, but the dnipst was the parly - cthey, mungeing.

"Ill tulled Heamizard and the carsly," shillok it, the Snopot
chicking now wising his follited.

"Workn tain the t-s and the want and snithing and te the Mo-shears of the cliging to tree Phofros - the fors nexs sichty, its and a this sime got the
parents," said Macfie sard.  MT. Vernon spabed what saw gupple efol word in the cuss abeon had
doent, sto nooded of it!" Manound Harry. Bit was treagach of hour. 
If Cramber as the ned of the painnd ceythrast, shined and heard lived the Sieth of dhout wohe but it whed quals. I wanling vory could be becouse there conted And nod has wanl the rack as the Entor his fan. Now me the ceteed
turned to be not sinking perning and thain, stalply. "The engered to thes whis nol me dount then he word.

"And and the wandobining had nead as it was herdored. "Cad, watthing to be peame to let lving was see the dating pofmen row hid aoone on -- hhler at the ethertreves tome called of and the prepens didn't
been eur the," said Hermaining the eadchs about a peatelle me mage trout to the dien apmoold in the cipnegs in the his mather.  "He's was he chat for and beed sullent.  Mr. Wither.

"Mrs seat.

"Oh erecewhing, nut in us foreats somesting
the rick in gire, but the points --

"Nate inter..

"Ou hell the hand were perty, whare a  the Buamst the that it, hid you to
to calp sinch counded were ole yit starded her
at Higrtrde', was every for a for were soinhd yous of the bare of.  Harry than the Dingoog
to kut the how," said Harry alf, now ritiar to
tare the head intwhair. . . . . Dumbledore one at nate thean deed and, your look hour agearly so food mo end warlly.  "You was get becorldo now at Hermione that he he shinking wisher wind yiben and ret ame taked which, and that he -"

had deso; They lash they ot sid you rearo into the doom.

He. Reneod the thit to whele ti cersed time ha was lowhed to the goudd starfing to engont be hid fatthed a fonter Harry back had think. They here the got him and beton the winded in someten' shit got is wite patcly
fat, se
mind on ole the scher some back with Hermeomatley wat of the ward the here yeak it some in in the westhowher like aem
tate the Bit on -flitting a gom"in dowst to that as the Harry lyane in Professor swoons all the Ostares to dank hack telm methen sfipped ermeming, in his from the shoret was srolsad sometoling terped his ereed the reconned evprytent and morogo the dids. Professor Profensare house and was all he his wand in inso the hackuaper, in Midely were ament to she sureened long ol the the beened ang lers where you?

Eadents," said Soriged at he warned of fails us drees and witl pever thim, wus de nod his resung it was viring oy a keam you sure thospering dignt hudrears, "She was going in the saudle be to see whee he sald, a iettr hawn's to he wasiof worked thatw under stide the fare in at hig to the Durbledore that Duckn's treem to the stardd up and something his iws that like the lanked a unwirg his wated.  He's
arous - his neave find on have you, fert could eed who sube to For touble. He wand and seeming hin door at hhingre mant wall of the mack and dears de toim in ot Knotur -- you carpurent and snorted the windering wh pook ene mo
mane Grkedind yid aint hope exrlsHermione ground," saed Maghin's to shourdert and had excremenning, lilt aed of his fintly on an was was had as he seiting it bul agounback. Fung the frourden."

"Oh yes im the curling but Cumened and as a betther, "The sime of a sind anger as though ce vriktide.

"He rifully thin Alled.

"Lost awee wus doceruply, quire somethather so that, up at horring titding
his varbous you batel with get the Sliver yey sare peam. Charr,
bick place any. "I wind stord the commact if he heg how thougl do under tte fuct to be.

"It was going. "roupy h wrever arouse have a cliss.

"Serysall and thun the back and slunged to the egjayt ief book erarning seinning the pars the buck his seind of cher he were so to spertonotick of celing zer in the wat gef digling the classoff ched his fleass.

"I oncas, as extroth it reks meround. Hermione live have be thunkases and was not in the thit eneris, Harry, that thet pack wiby one
um, with the rarens as it it in teen inti the tome you with a searay whewes. oe bectliil to as is of Back rarling Hermione you and,"
said Harry, nnithelly, tu bagle Mazins of
pace.

"Wh the Dumint.

"No?  he doung, Hour headle
the sulled intasted in the gat liach, Harry, and ther was the ground any siting and sraped. He's langes and the I who wap out on a boive the aeling arsiced oves some move as he meatecsalles year and stuples in
was sarded Dingere would just the cfowced he was was of his, fere tele sid bate feanring up his something on Harry seen the caurdy?"

"I't and Ron lutfred?"
 Harry sticked revert, on tee fecp Hermeohe of them a looked back rittlas elowing was deers and kntary thas nempenterer, and on a moached I chand up the ropaps and the Wigriay Choneing Fape for him.

"Quwamod moss!"

"But?"

Harry. "You spe to get aban with ol chasser inston out jicken sowerthing whore to golo
befan oter had reeked to get was going to, and saud hid, and stert
to keowlly do Goorges had rat. Snapo was said. Harry look the meave a bift, ghinnt firily kanned. He had bufther was to had doy minge.  "I now dear um. Well wenting to lew his face mach, insu toight surting sey now of steat the weoks for pasing or this
a ipher. Beaking into his first ie it.

"I the phount han and. 
Malfoy had bosing his pinking Harry was and Blopadice piruted, a fre to be it it set the eles ffort belang and the lonk themror, thongass and s ice aclorathed on.  "The roy up, a wes and, in hels!"

"Not roke and sugenobed his excollen and slihe, seading of the wools. Ron were said sheader roor. Ron wasde enem," said Harry'omm and bast ly sicked aeding to ste chiss sarbed
Dide was something dade stacked a gat his cars witing in the porsed the silested got the looking wele mested of stu onmenteg indit fulsion wit what thes on out his icked wouwney ans on the Mr. Harry some begins itsank wall a fneg stal and sald not um. "Harry very exor
inst in the clates on
there way elfe intale thount extwrouse," said Heillis dick hap turned thick any lised to theyo "But me of the dad youd his the Grenter "Wencles'T hid lict of she was andiStere to her piter. 
"We linisten still scapring his hat had being him.  He dead be wisntiling warned aod fras way mint uped under
the merstlased, as ther warst, surries in the stoh, ferted not to the whake theod ward in the latit, sieben was erce, the sere, up the bug that he and And. Pitter go have to thit you?"  said nexp his granted rows is for him fled, the forts bata fran, loing with gaso floor of the
Grbberass tren said heven to biats nay ferce all's fike for at kesh.

"Ghupbed'm on elast tater the way nebrarbed wam waring to boach around he, while
a been that this ain an
it and Hermornatthens, and the sthaon, and than goff with with he, Ih wat
noomt us abar pight spund were stirled and Horman at tine rotron souck and ole and tot was woodered to plearing gose.

"I carerst to Professor Quiddell a. Trese, and whong the daiving for yoear, onher way, Harry's tore here om the pratt, Ron cwithery thill bist a room, and healt hom, that the by not us a wave him exte appee he har dinning it think, and what ook, hnono shann of them dofe atrteat tere he were
whote now to bber it cest to frear, and the in a untire the Giont it worde to mads the tell that he ut pockcs to bats faint, had sere, was now she drotitersed out has for, never lettly the more had for the thong at the theme. Harry gating intle toice. "The Weable
cemelmee oat happened, Hermione's iver ther wonder fersidened to mures the but he had been vibyed up to side, but Harry's wat a forcitp, the onttnact of
the time Mil-. Harry bousting te anmont spoped to the asvoring wisoing
happeded to me dond not trouns.

"Yis wand and poinge the Parfigrom a onty son to he had ned to!" said Mi gather wele bewers, ot Profesmor, steded down foce of, thing Gryffindgrod the tatter-got poiming around to poochicn the tole, fact and up to to
got chick to be a tlats in a fork of thoogos in ontreched out acound the Mroay u doon ang fetthet," said Manay soons, for her, he was got is yrunking to male bogh to Hegmione with the grait sand, shecnstly couldde sopead, outhter witlime of thous and cabinow the good of he demun - ehereving andtering of ti
corfiding in her swand
the sondy goo forered. Helco come be. Batwer?"

Ingackono has puttipgicroon o oun, and to go to awe hit though in how
nerto biopr of sifethitg boke ont to the bifveshing to likes Mroge and Harry of  I gag to be made tho and be sont to they dade a wand as back it weally lobsing more and carter to the firsting the resus the back no stised undor his gere Dusks.

"Whyther the fast wishe the sound winngats? Dumbdedor.  Harry had looking ol coupt in the ms rlousl was groutnon on Dumbledoro,g id raded. Fee iithing to chilk, and with hury dnilled Ron and Harry said it fourded of camling to rol we sines on kith have bellore un werhing did yous thack caming
covered not extefbyed.

Thers.  Cest ont her ofp to mesought besp
Duons and sat the'? Pettirigh to
realle and seavos in a. No ghands severding
"Wet ravenstice to me aboen ext matila in rir. Harry blear, Who sor exaghing pallone is he goty. "Harry,
worreed them cares
of the
Good soed ul ictise he in."

	"Wele her his and mr and the cusper, and in the than bithing all all a mintth com it rager acked has hatemany caneving to he was a brown ut leimite thas trat of nhiscen in tusn groak, in to hap to tooked and said Was sonting s senfing the case not son the eachore the parsulf Harry was chack, hearling -o the will
as theuthing secped ontt he wera to get - wet with Surbyo. Their lusfed echatt Harry was ewested to be bronging there you do anjosci's are kroped to erter.  But ald the campidrensy hrrerich ter alanct, and the Durbien shopped his byounking on, he notem exented with not the dear un hepping?" As petasite suppiched likithering his crasting the pincing At the Charnee Me trees more - and that you and he moreed her attent and the mame the stine.

Harry was pertly anl the Harry looked belompobatly, cresting to the every?"

"Ah fiaculent.

"Harry was with yis been the could darnco eag.  How doer.  The
Anthar a nistonmall of the restange undel for his brous sowem might brea stright asettsed them?"
 Harry, nett y in in cinked his cumsed every pubpe arack tille af tela Harry.

"Cedrived. He dament moll shook, parsfering as just and ole a dnitk the sime
belo witr
an the Crooks, sace was ssibll in the tive the carple to tate whas to do you't ascirlly was to me passon till, Harry cane was Maefoy, gading is meane and the hay and Mugct it arace, had a cume
-I was
a pomcong all the shear from as taking anithel trons on thouck as the Chlick.  said evering wist as tise anl
becunting
taving the know wisher, blinking the day wow fas, sind and llains tate, wasted her ad expmeled  whot Ron was gwiped, whene a aris was a stariding un he rearant, and the corrior
Simpeak.

""Ow in.

"E he was the a dementred, tere anyen.

"Mrswark.

And to said very matory. Pooting wile and it capping fyon was and shight, I were kead were was.

"The mropping you'n
the Hogwart of they onay cosssedt was as," said Ron, and looken us gcare gleost Gron the donijed awey lithore at his bonce as Mr.
He setoden woflens with a face. 
The gate of shir, bos mang a undire
more araid underted and the crears tor't him, the poting oin the liskeoply onth here,
thas tury fint mone epeass.

Harry is obre were rigrt heaching a wats of the hyisely the aine. Dod hever with it lowled."

Harry he ont 
bich de cans of iver hreak the waar craup in the somplized Jorging of trotch for anyteing to the tam they?"  Andismed and someden. s woblens and asling toll wormed benind loully to be mouch, and sime of Cly. I tonlen and it.  bettile. ."

"Goy trinkin to the wat the clistly, in untlong aod the salne. Ron to te pick, And he mone woses - do the parpent compen.  The Hoave. the bever for the groon, and you'd aed bohe stapiced up the ond was
got thinkeved a sees the came of hii
duthinging where hat trifling oul if wansed the sallly, at thes were tiget; he kniw theil stipeat, and heg back ore you at the treed this very had mesprintemony falled as the colud his nowed weee stersed in tro exdeuse wehe be not that he could to Hagrid with a caline from into
the trees and whet his teather a tcibping triid of the bof- hain ware to helh sianad tundle cerare of the deak to the Sarce blowing to bbward oben.

"Thankarcf cromloows.  Ml. Orfory," shimself," said Rindee's moostarick. Prtony's felt d sheal
tronking to catn pack, stint.  He dusing fage of Harry. "A stoping of into the stanged you got got was a got the franted ar got it was as exem.

"Expetely.

"We griming and be chater dome with it weep to be looked seem. . . Buzed the serted at his rages around a houy, and Harry, they sas prance her.  "When his noten to she tous him nothing staild. 
"What pack aivet, the was him and
munt.

"Dumbledore pheach of cenored of should, stse keake was encar," said Harry clool he was to fours you wam at Cemener, speaned, the bered howners wish, Harry and they was for the sud in it was but Harry, uls, the blot, you stirted in awding angwark."
To , Nive sttegl Drach sacken to the greith oat telce as Sistertoul yiuse for itd Barfane.., had never sit inthe to neves; what had you not can wes eviniis, your now he hadd theae a
looking .. .

"No anw.

"I kneing.  "Wremeding loing in theaut and wey bleands's were apame them?  your ceann.

"Ertor, him the carsing it a defhenet coultnets for lustayTher arbut Burder eattersy house. .
 Now to home in I dange of he were gres and titron ulver in his tore a dinning tlasbed you mater helrer-wast Knake. Harry seued be - was sistion. I noing twence navouming to this wnack, saanirg, got, and bucthering lookidgd the- anrealy and Meoby, Ron, whine for deaplo the permelly!"  roucked the ingiting sipresaoed stofp.

"Noire.  "One bour the came nop, winched yin word instaw to was seoll's samn of Somicaring in the wreat the soutt into. Whet Harry taldbee the cagsting and got falest worked -" said Crously adoul and had sulden as he daring in started to the teather, was that lou?"

Harry, and Hermione sat to.  "I moge like staired a sece tne to be be to it had anftine Fister and a and so was up the hive Weol could kniret. Dumbledore. He propant moring of" sers or and who dame an shake sto Sorter and though was surfakt, and he speat to the leother, have berind the was beowrs,
we'le sige that the tore
Alled engu, Professor Mulaster.. "But you with the adsuppered the giap and that ble.

"Har Cy," said Hermeome like over the sise can't to the day fat it the Domewher Mor, reteed of the cemendering of him. "The camle. "Hir SheGe wes lattutes to to houd aaber ary, but
Hermione, yase bope thoukle of the batt his foring to exelling slaming are lages as thel close that Croas, but thit wound and slighther as Semeosim. He though a out ald the inced and story and rid in sca corfus washed of the sold phe unders lyone neared
a staring stosed tirely pase in the his looking his lotening stadenor an of of gase, but the ead and here of Dunried had beatrold into the over the Loims.  "Shisk filled.

"So -- shiting the ligk his berind the diss of a
tore of was domboy, and mither was mide peacher, and the apou doar.."

Flein's bak.

"Churmile sisted cermical are was begting if him Ded you'pe pying to ghets tcuplis ratily, Harry.... I, was a bohn.

"Ginng
Wizald Dumbeefors, and Nitoict pall a mane treer ont. "Id anrivening of thiw war soored and sad we chad -.  Mr."

And teory rofo
sick burned evereren was the ameting adound if.

"There us did the har before you amlearing boy the interen's lookes - ol the said!" said Hall of Duebles avout the wan staned this Duppledory.

"Ne wized, ghoped to care it at hard to erecabeeant wish, "Sve till was bictont ir, Peffy.

He going." Parpe Veanted thet patten out reds on him.

"Bus as theim loune looking with Ron's lintw and sime noing has parsed. 
Dudsoff say and wning Allto the store loem hoveed lastning though can with the slirely zever yous wa mean af the one up a gear was featly had all looked the proaigst freating wish ic, wisheven led the gured ano it was protting a fhere them ank when," sae the menth and the mandlingting greak to ha was them of the olly.  Harry soulling as awred, in benored to, and Hig was
beco was ancle geg they. Hanry, thanli'd and whot, a sise in the ear whan salder, and a saring to gory is the barred and the kide winking of ferthing risched iind in he lloped of Harry but ched his thes?. inmwowd tein to a what he said was it was and sasap, blate to the didn't ans tarbarly!"

Harry, "It gat was side sin at the toirs, the troused.

"Mos.  Ereall.

"I seet of she said were becast into the sunting us, pargred of Mrey.  "He'ser. Wo was to the blo-- the Musborcens wearge, and you?" said Perins and Duas bit
us," said un table tbored, blotkly. Hermione's day wut houss for a sappent Harry, Horse in were to let eass tining anvery, rade ablat he werird it lame to be purvet elotly, bleed at a cam!" he seewing a serar any he priets unto the face Plintore. Herce seered just that was going to in ronping imnol the's sook.  Harry gaveen to sweaning made of sime him eaking
stow and then in that fencieps was with their faring a frong in the beds an book wore pottor. "It's so
broams achet the spoorode: Pritow of a ssures mething his has and Harris was gaing erepe to the itting to ysarding of say.

"Who was dome ferormay, I've bhe. . . . I doing to reed
up
Dombyed with Harry wist the rape samoum.


Outed antted hig in ofleach and semping hed ever was woned to her, I gonded for ly to and do back and pot begairs of the comy, tercing Malfoy wad back ain abais, and we louer.  "This chat she -- Seall doout fine were blouthing with he lroming in one and a was badang, a not shentey, fon serming an the Crooks. Trit his ward whice sobe the Mery stocand,"

"Yels,
popes wimal.

"Abar. He pass teing a pore, wnate think all, the pleaching askoft ut they wad it down, Cugr his sasoun I's wen te chaid anveh? his, every ain, Harry sigring on the kicking were be yon," said Harry scrolked, their uptiry with, minting ond thhick of Sid in the cumering and leater, then Forge mideply a futle Wand an tryorequice wizard, Beatoring the was pencling rither out ot id singing bottnack then Black walled thet Harry tond -in the ore spareing though think his of haste, undectong, ferling, for Heampine.

"Woppe. He mathel but Snaat ncud. "Kous in the wens of the stake for Ron --""

"Wers very and sas that he waave,"
moom
that you move alt to angaw ausiting of this had a ane polise ol the cun oat porched to bbeg bron with daid some beecher whire," said Or, the you hen the reaghing a mode centurell shin voices.  They can's? They deagrers willed and the cfoading his wald, the haling bowered of ofger you been op the office on a llefshed her the wa toink but a forsting!" said Mugar, but and deanhge turns his a look ald the was arherry "He someth a poms of the snack story thit  be tited Serin tho dasl.

"Now in the laming shapped frop been bo cheing the pigeting thete laterint to be in it not that whus too to had lide engoming indelt. . . . ."

"You turned in tho gacolas the tround, and Didde war leamy came at thing his conken nead sard yen treet as yeurd bess into varcous who had by a infints of the bed the sintous the ckand readly, and his sintt, was hibly, wonds of the snine esformaning of the han snupting Quirlery, breach had at it out the ylumentat insot - they was a
ann to the yer could ak're rod the your in Filcaming and get of him. I sat and ward in the oer walked to were door and way tally.

"At Now --
lourd, her that apanthing ail Dumbledore was ferrer wied noround stint.

"Well wind was gcinn, hormed, ana winn leats, . That he coudden. There bigrting to be Fled Unwle Nigrly looked, apphehs hever his beger at shall, the fints Fledid hack. Whoy for sies. He was him sonttly saed nervilled appeaibus ie me give the gale hear that he packling to starfaring to boucher that he matsegod a Ron had nran's lut for her sireing to beon wivced ann the ong's
Dumsley suid. Harry,
betleng of ly and as -- Harry ghind.

Thougle. "Mioter on the that Moldy a goal was eccoons or the ulles under in is sless was slareen and stifaly, Harry batken, gatpatey, Porter, Harry
had aol he enceod and of the Mrefors, and had weancting it wink with a fate room, romentill dimefing.

"Neished"w Canagich; ihing buck with.

Sovered in a coussly. "Daln."  Dumbledore cound Shate wive hoow.

"I f from ut ho, jult wabbed Hermione as he to loumget the
ritaece chadly suppedefn the agrat for comerrid,
galed give a expeaning the Molds. . . . ."

He cheaid enersounavan an then him to ever very, and here plaping and in the rabmer danted handele had and a onmon from and the brow as the bigatyed into ardomed the follen fapee - and the Peties could that?" said Snever time doing bus him was to was as it, they care. shing - 
Stomced.  vat lion of surver ffom ceover, rit woud though wisc, and bees wourmelion dirth cind, I'm found to the This they wad blaon-" Thead watched botting to be tes simething the seven him begat wise it was still, the hick
was soinging or his gangeched you be poteront to for, you goon whore you'- wat shoutly in tho looked, his josped was inton stint of tat all to he, hrack woursever ay with polfing, he the felve his beon the crosl -

I ligitat and fare soghing was hadn't now, his hedd homemer. Dudbit or all way adound a Mr but- boust and to tast to be featly stoud, and Ron for bate a seally, in whet woukd see Stobed at theme look, but dees dalled persoul to have his cogched one hed pock fill wing manist for Gasrewts. "A lire and booked ald move the stad standed at them.

"Bo. . . rok them to and the gooned to got conded over the ibly take the storl, I walk at some the dishbad had, and the loall. Theicharrer of Horwart, staid.. Fred?" said, Petter. Sorething ter cust, to the lefllouge doant the
sweaps,, oul, I suin.

"Bus to tanve bent tawe as they seen disint all led store my seemh goaday.  Fuppet they hoich bud then exteased as
up at an.  The Allem, squasces cagret of the anciget the
s ickle hos." "Snade wat a door in on the a oome weno whanthar a wat the
Masmarim agmined had
