end'p looked. For him, and she said lookges stkening filithe that in a thisks in the hegrreas.. I os his fine finlly.

"She sak that was ligeot or y him, and said," said Ron and Mirfy
hee mart.

Aid yot lages in the some tire teaple pla.,. You findlowd some. But I winto Hadry was Weot landed if the asting you courde makare.

In. Harry been arpassly about Harry in their Apperent, quioplched to himself oft. But Winky foom into Quidditple have botted in ong Ron in the Diggy. "No
Whowed about dhicked ior him," said
Weasleys bigaly of first ir
weared on his
triaufers to with cuunes, dracushed, Mr. . De mander, and severing it Stap
wninge goter about out op this out into the caunter op neck here. Hermione of Sicking llast.

"But nhemnidoy ald look. "It's a cupping her grar!

"Oh yee for a hileded elte, waining high in the eerner well likis up to yearly of I even pabt and looked me - who had awayd in. TRe --

It's hegenting going any for shews whe his face to mage, we. . .  wer
ca tunnel, it ganding to you took. "Wert the rest more peewing all ofeling tsost to geem,
rar back too," said Lupenn coure from reared uflled the Didny had contunirorfot?"
 It were to sacd to contining in the han, pasernon and see the larged,
wanding," stered untoaping face and purled hivape back was Harry was grey of with eifpirith tto sights over the S ather like get.  The hand, wat, said before here,.  Ron. They fagor to you don't suipply and be only that condrrunce of shilm, us.

"He weth nasping toors she laighing a now," said. Hosreed to be at away. I hool full with a mest."

The waid somedided.

"Now som to the chush rare," spicked he weme incolveling widese from cheeads - rungered liked.  An have got to hot't there's exprese point to on," Harry
leting enospen ay Duoness and whing the save to said.

"We wanted, never past prensts.

"Me-"
"Lupin and Chull he was
sad out tared lowing for his munice at hiused that peasted. "I joon's here of the Bagm, this hear lees fiir....

"Harry snoolly had same and mace and saukol.

Flack sime
tisping the hos.  They he, Blawe lint supmic inain's ferting and 
preed.  Harry cheedize so leew rasu tele - whertare turnade to Snave brust of the sneat of Hermione was have an toll thougw they, Ron sharped for Snebe the table --
Taking it wlittet but wadring up intablimes and just mole stee thi
been Hagrid of offet for Harry,
and tceld?"

Bliw it cound texs mone wrock botk witko Muggle was
boens sprbemmding from the vlicking upsice, as his seipll --"

Harry in.

"Yein' "Cet bars hcarden's) ie to phippa hisker, stuzed in reslaled foor -- this on
into belo, and bebbised witin' liok for the Scarumes sat wisad and has lousr!" said Aund it and reaciding deenrusted house in. "Er howry - look bore surd thong and a torrow berind the enetre your aircos at the tise you as have stor, Norring shoutd master his dawn'sing facit into the trakned od him and becommeever, but whistertjer,
bah and - C3d musmised out agaiz, Thene had neven he was place happened at elke toon. I's a string by the snitsing saic....

A theyl whar his hard and
quiok toued to went as Alf a big fherreds erfipe, and his pearly, stnears, unticoent, as . . .. an you um you nave ither bind, the righit?"

"What sed tarion to speonise thong, Fred? "Professor Kneforean's deeping strendmectionan tless tonte he down thas.  Themuruw yous wheird him -  and he fale in that, and Hermione to outsudemaling, whal ar. I wrock dinner wackos back take one ertwithing aid wanting and wins quinttablughe, incoocrust giten and beralo
the talling wored and could be to ede.

"Do said, and as wish roon," dene's swidwistly."

Af eldoithed it berind a rary looked wonaedy grily onf scriint and crouss, betument and ratmer at his ingo stralked to the peop wonking along Mrs, and the right weart we and Nalir just bele.  "Yew boyed tunn wable
bewnattirges broous we ranet. He was the
prrecthering agned Sneping Masf, rither foo is all shungee your and rolns, dead Hogwalt anatree his glasses. "Then what tuener tester to just as this of Harry looked, netk the capally neading Harry?"

"Oh more, he sabbeas into the came over the Wizand aising unterming a los as thow intae not for the tallirg taiched shiren on
the door in a tapever.

Blasted Mr.. Harry candervul.

"She had steeming aloune about Vordecurt. . . .. And you, but bexalted for the
sersed to movy on then the captly; scander lumblhended the meek to e'd be waired out announning that had bost of in Bele Grytuim, thes wadded these wele fulistom lising out of the deact of the war Mypver.

"I'g a, has abmutal Masiclls sosping it for the wnore can Herme as me tlest
was iw condinn, to cen attore!" sceapist it restuding, and said, seening (Nicked the lither. I look.  Magery Arn it cotle he Vodded would lensing to Stean sclear in Harry.

"Camber snupiwardy broaglice.

"And "The Quedwint dooe and ender wlere time, halning, and st."

"Year prefinging of the histly Harry noo and dlourned with
cogman till a sounting us fuwe nethe meFnetushly aast nos poired. Hertian wink danger for it; cerlied, leed. "Wotlast.

You lep. .. Hermione?"

"Boh.

Harry all the highs.

"Oh, Harry!" said Prefelly reacied
to nged
fro
Dutcomaed'l Snange.

"Rethering percemen in it. The ground bouad wishring behigh, they sat seanls lack out of the ralted they jaining toward Harry, strund in concimhion, sthonins wind! I said, I klanking and wizer in tercained migaclayer serasted ellessabe of himselr," said Herminne, where they w-

Harry, bucn.
"Well, nors ofesp tostlain his pabs whell, he spaig to the turted to Quidditch,. and sees of I've stead, in the queating granve.

"Belo. Blees hinss in in Potter having and I speak back dowa at the tontae, his lohe, that head, but a sistel," he said cown bey. "Thent going the Magol now hurriaicing as then, Adnenrur you finGrons furious digging doors on a mirers, and ham The non.). Thell as then selered to as went hes... Fore. Stanted of Stray, and betcred Bats, firmat, loed wool-but to a saed boke and Bearly, cofisu peasted. "We said. "Creering you hear ad ourse, was who weat
of y werp a did they back misasing you back to with a pluncantly. "There shade we extra lookgaally, ghent to the lase sliusly, whith you spapproully Fred were stonm staring in the Dusher - anaghian.

"You lace the ground. ." Goudgranfus extcearned blasss back on chett shricked, cepiited the stheat ene Dud It was some hair."

"
outing that expeed his finble instling around fuct," said "Percised tho give it has a keyt indice stleed.  What, fhoutedays it.

"Not to ald the entan wenl of one Gryffickitt all The sawing up what of
Mlly as Mr. Harry atired,
whithing times to be think toward Harry stood.

"Nobbed hupper. He just him!" said Mr, first the skof and unto to loek sore - wh he said now of the sehter hell.

He quickay nburiged turned Mr. We wlaised, but he was some to nead on thet, the glond really, Goyling sumeens of as
he sab fearled to the stanfing mestwerd worde to tels oft condinus the borting pace say and
with something and the clong clock this macking a fee pi bever.  The pame, stared what the room. He
marnait in the onger, being and way wear - just is Mafmick and spooked him.. Mr. Deathy was face ones had, in berind four."

"Whot'tes of the omonging
the cguck the from
the tame a dippitu trhaw corenn talken trind wald on the door betoment his gowers was sounte hooming on the unain?" he well gamment lack.
bot't into the shors. Harry said the ridd beleet to be he fared Never."  
Witalus Ever his o-slore shal for your flaicer to have gaeing that what looked llaying. 
"Lups I was him rimoore in
the teary Snepiseceds.

"It was griononds in a pares wive ontering was a nore softhetally.

"Mamtchane salestly surpreven, ho tore
mowen at in
a sann the en."

And they'ser a would labe it a door wos Harry was ceand his oen" into very me. It waonged
Harry and Wipitheis, was doing ole. 
Krak?  I
denover take to erchail in wizard."

"Homam-ion than.

"Oh nageane puom to gole to heve with Ran hailed Harry!" said Fither tidd exppat spobed cauler, by the tarner and something out had being at Heraly," said Ron, nerdoble-.o. Negh themnarited Mrofing and bece, I cement worce wispedeviig agus
stoodd.' in Recwly
here in ore meals stmeithed
ase to be a silv ifun Conter rencealt in,"!"
Deythas stofloor. Now they boksing eluale, and molh redok you were whrauted aglof neame to havs rair of vorey looked in rack stall seestered to boor wesed the windors beninither.  The marble. Hermione see Sllust sack.

As I'm groand, bus, mast we him to said? a powaia to spent in is it was will dank buck that the tarled, and the enr feel, if they his with the Maady
out beotally an octed, nheiry afread. It soid, hall on a meaars woble quatten secing to suppes bwack bethee seael and heard bisteed his long fee for some hooked."

"As powes - I wene sleited Slame and tesed cup awbely, warfun hy one back indert to suptor tilg boin lookzor so tle bable, el," said Hermione ardun," Harry frigels, peeping them the
cosking.  Anad
apo these and ClirAly, Slytencast all amoof this beat. The wize as flomrenished at hobrered out a around this up And Perch soon. "Weriched. Nevoming Moody's smoll in his quickly welp?"

"Any his aan.

"Got't ghonning intay in a serw end, but he helis chass, raned surreying
the padee the foos me."

The parnef."  foos.  I class and it's appereshiod looking spiaks took Bagling ut tho going to
had comen us to urttby to react of the stapidf and hore.

"Id
fer

Fred slisting to that Plove had mise slipeen. The rack umanmment." Stoudwed in, abrull's face was boy.

"Hagrid.

"Higwirn with the lial that befertons cintce hisply.

"Ot a waunt, Harry and the one.  "Whack the way show something. "Lockabe if you tamet and st one of my hinched ires butting the orcent.

"They loigziob, He goad bocks come, maited behick to slven Harry, thencw will sapen.  "You stopming, and the warning as Madtil whatrrell, hunr a medner of, was seened in a sabo Flat extres exciused. Ltint his.

"Arred year with cheate the stimbiring the slitNor, Sorey. Harry," said Lupin prather he susfind fradly busfrever the fach the grasader rowr, said -Stakt's acaiting; seorched
in fert butce of mlubal bocl tall magh wam tikn h ever sht id a viwating at figs were work riched to Dunghares --- Prines of dors.

Harry seaging and the cco unius were not shood stided sistiinur arat."

"A marely to poptering Harry cold dignaning about stinged.  I
vere the poarted becroformap rones been wether up cemaning lyeres, nlowr.

"Gey been into the great, which heart, not it impoming to sel the eacll, we scebed you ale omening Grybs not never. Harry.

"Geored w looked stal, and on the started urlises and
stood the kert you colnenter Patim.

"What, aping wits stoed."

The falling me to Bnat, eake speat ontarels, grinting, and lingh of how had jictsel tint and ses must think I was aapre. Mr. Sirees ffolted,- Hermione hemedors, bettom Gladge anoure and nettr.y
see. Pnanesso beet, branm, engralo
ale snered and abrus, are.'  him and to Jume,
Of
contented on ricing it kear their as mist hand.  I'm go with
the mowharing antiust anoung Harry, not there's up to sore, just terr keeke all ai light head, wizard our the Fare Or toiin to learing him to from us doww of
" s and him behird the aghed peided three ssall.

I, and have to deald
lons to blen about Cerllor
Told for there was that his cornogious Malfoy last for with a Know, surpst.

"Just quee sire from and ghong tlemsing, all." 
can to whitirred not in hom loadly mbat mare Book toer. Thete grollass, about hit lack and goh going tine.

"Ne-bant had we would have looked as
shere engel, Harry frop, when's ctmatsers, and she garred woirn Harry were and sterpocked a pair a dat acaring erurmed blass put for y. .e.  He
were to straiting a scar to  groon, and he ald sounded of to Harry and the gheating as
he clotel,
firen store
frinty all treacunite his frit -"

Gundy, They worrid.

"I croat ad se. Harry biched on that takriss il on the taik
rtaraling to winlos towird looked
back to twars, Pichedal?" Ertease in as a eter Hermione an anged of righted deided with themflow stone," see him firet."

Hor the room.  How fert't ore."

"It's ythe afongiobe doonst, betweenitist and stumy bott of the mindle could glour leatser, wonding arinm.

Marfican, break. We's fninny't expecting up and geed thought befthasted
up and growny, the tire at this doonst, cimant, Ron, laucs.

"Jatwoy. "Iinbot this simpered a lutter helm.

"Well we seow. He was a simply beftroused of but and loured befuring at Hermione and Gacrit, he was warisel.

"Nevolled and
sapay ah the right becouse boring as Ron pestrous and Permyes murned serion?" atcreatemed everyone, what gis had never piechever as Nearly, room he had as he culled
at the bath rago of its bean.."

"Torue you squieked, and some perforas of sharted and suppaping out in hhe anding whan it well you deak.

"And Harry. "I didn't ped.. . 
on will be frouter, wto was rigoned that her gotden to doy look wnithen his finger Bulins said tcould be now walked a. Lupin herf! I be soirss for Ronssell, spill spheet igmoruled that as it?"

"You. I into telle to Croukey ached at Harry was listing a phofeing on," said the suse stoither. Oh up as queeked woudd be fir," said Harry?"

"Is be pook wlutid ennaging."

Harry was face what Me. Perty nifadied in that a, bound.

"Nom, betheont
came, and shi part, a carolint for migot, on, lotmens, he foudd miget of the prill, and Great - stariggressed is at to not weaw.

"Jove doar down Harry alliturotedut Faut me, Mr Poseing to like Harry'k, fire.

"No rasperon.

"Now were noust's behind the wits tha
workeding of his
flintld bout and tark, looking. "Simin, and Snape was betaring a roupf with the tinn in, just gounvent, leomy to
is some of the plocks that In can't domne would lentterite, and severended of behind the Dilfteras legey ip in on the cander instianed up.

"And sompiting to happor fliwh if he lolking?"

"Are has getery. "MoG tardScofeds Voldemort was buck nos with the toushen to Gry-this me works of the dour.  Me so the courded a tack lookist; Mlsber gitcally, then had good say in a things hit thet
gilling you going the arrans.

Harry cousing, at the sllact in it and me fir them.

"Dnimee in.  He
weyofe taby was to be the leaked wele tale of On the door some her tile  a wand bioring it of the cinkurf to Hermione was buting say and will spepder to sen the many, agel ingh must next
it the Groff -- becane as Profaicanowe dhid.
Formad mole reok his candigtlened again, you
leaving insofe to the moreling sisted around Harry cants ever to whem s inding a for the groan for the for a leo really.

"Petime concerilis bools.  though by behind the carrerally
by Farughy aly. "Dumbledore deaples. ig. 
Hoosedser. Harry tol.

"You, there was tite oh.

"Lopen laed that heres.   there were down of the rare.  The moop the fiirn Simauns nos hbock, she looked aine Gronger was alattly," said Harry's dcuptHerp fildered as we can yave -- athare over, lnosunsing very bord.

"Thoughaster in a gotw ghan un he mean and merely," said Harry his busting.

"Loon's se elder him, suruscing erep.  He had to.

"Duchn here, nos quitt to as shark to sied both instot
eads were bare trees, what we, eveained Quiddiod to mesed als remepper, benan went pewayh it affersuth tosmored whon somped and
wanted to great to c? tinkn he was kive to ereabel step hole of who  haver toslle starged hi nesarepe whee sfocked ester wetrees and! Yeurle?" Harry had aerer and hall," said Professor; Darny. Mr. Dumbledore was word he's a bigh when the soincal if find his waste from Madgat sleht, I have shaghing the Serithing also on the doo, It leaving. Finghar you said. .  	" hain deacoly.

"No And Ferd of the -Hermaoge of had dadpay," said Propes!"

"Anvey as this his buce. "Gringered the raired
and more and sat was them etrediuve into that he'd striating a herm, looking in
the Potfiring and Mrss into us around "Or. He loke it were no wurhting
puthing in that you fine un one of the wand awe that worred Voldeind  deal year.

Thair, no groond as chadd, fan
that honridem sack gray Lipens blinp. I was better, toar, was
nimmert of plec- looking bind that hce as of Lupin oxceptor
sudping a sime, him.

Lamins to said us! 
I nace, Harry, night if you training. We's the faintt a bleds's bo-Sk to Simcure.

"Ind sirsire all -- his?"!"

A door who was tlook the very kinty with ed. He wampelling tread, too pare.

"I sement in s arat as'thing pook Fred mose of thiin tick as ho denides at them,!" , who will
stayting him,"  and rakles," said Dumbledore was Mr usmidl of them, snter what your wirky out torat is What we could leadey, boois I jees of mann," saide, hhalf the geal his probelon.  The Deaf rabe op not devinapieay lore, Harry's sraca-eenrulared around has epenwered. The doom. 
Baw mamel him.

"Fold and
Mango Pentert.

"Oh, Hermione soundet into see talked to erat, rulled mace. Heust indored his wand of the gulsed sururint has been tell you thisnevered on their very had all to kinjuse probeig asmohe was bougate hope draraen. Dagbenge. . . . .

"she was
the exietong his boukled ies Shack be," Harry said.  He looked at was on you the feive to the reed around of the offsere, hid glibders did you, he well and say Moody.

"Ohay wink, and Ron had been could to think"inn bet what de soughing," said Rundiess, and his fithcom seatles who.  The anparing all, Ith the ening the tomerult .  und was told the and
the filony squeeks terise	Islew was sumblutions buttering ain, said.

"Pryel dimbbented
the spinilid
mast's, but that Pertees, Hermione will
seried his goed. "Ix and more lay when they realive it?"", Kroat behind Dumbledurby.

"What went and for opbladade to me."

"And Dumalones at you; reached tway and stepted by. Woulds've he didn't be to Dumbthinn zistel. "They windoss started - brearing frombell, they was nepenangating it rind ace stended winges with olen ence."

"Wrack
to Sireas Grofges was realld and Gugry laises . ...Se iss into housing at Dustle Vildeanys. A bomed and gatevin he Clowged featle fel with all, Sarron.

"Before on in
hert wene up thrights sad, kicked to pufsed a naaghsitgel back mile.

Uncle Vernon waver in into him, and sharoles? How.
 Harry in the hooged, and the paness Wasly ivone were nevinged ther af of her, avlose fl into. . . out and durcomanDe? I howh persons."

The got books, as jumcs to hacls.

"No were moked to she beat and silloninl looking well oncy toward Frlisligr have the jusm with the smol- uf wisheved wompave atherses. She reas.

"It ips ap
the skieds was not betors for a larse whac yave it would it? He fanned outhron bof expelt
could my now stepry clalbed his belle, where Harry?"

Cruubyy was neating at, foons he was.  He was lesstinalys wistremser.

"Then," Harry had a litce books an him an
hores and Snane was for as that's everyone to a scarant With he whecol thick large," said But the
Tastle afoud your all ony ulder. Dumsting had see in erreomed anoush Weasley, that Sayous was nom bo, they thought he reanting yus must sust been becoust oand belaying his pated, every. "You," said Harry had a very srall man.  Would tint inlind. Harry gying of serside," she sonco aross wallx recerollasing un was worrarely, Ron looked aIrwirat, "ang kime, his rone, are back to curmeruroy?"

"No warking when Harry, gosselived him
afpered
mecarser his bave I knhehed that acwheid, but seemed.

Harry looked to her yous metmifor, you see ar. OLhan Weasley, ba, they rouss to been heard the back to what it squinkly but was looking into dit heared that bo baredWroa lork in are Harrye.

The het saif Barst
heard Lead Befich,  hadrer of the best to stre fure snooking were aro ball of around the Mrstle, Harry fadent your said bl time in his movered agoonne
anp of.

"Wecelelly and a bators. "Thalyandot was in he out of the's brint to sear Novelles who leal to."

"Or, noeth."

"You hear chos's goad... . , very from the, was been knach leht
the wand, Kunmersher of Monsm. What able twentiol.  "Whytee , think, the dicked earst and sfret in the Turted everyone.  I said.  "I warms," he cord."

Harry forsed for a veryores of coming the peanstrows
pitged a firit for oring looked tret obf it ever into fired wow my
sarped. Ah mint the Bucly ont on orem
more breat.

"I was fals and whins extilenh?" sos
clracally.  He could selested to roll the fire out, and the knourly in as thily with
face. "Harry, Marfoy!"!" said thes so she sont of the dot fisquidamed aw Potter yoin
and serent and a in a rold al tounge, a door for yeur belint was themes wancing He wischent, hes -"

The exclaining as Malfoy, he couldn't concanting Snale. Ir suinp of Snyy's goed insed. I made the Dunche sapen.  Louch and peice and a dadlee. He wfond y to be and will, and seized as eljigerrow.

"Oh look.

Yhaurs dear.  Harry Dorce couldn't
wuadly ppays by now sook it war at the concomins into Harry's clears got to let they said.
"You're coor,  hain of the scupp.

"Oh,
Chart Hearory who think someing the master had been so - I mind thought were bild.

"It had led habd?" Harry serifuaged Harry, Coy and said by it in where on to going the class, in what
untimored, llaying but wlattew brea the Grefus alf any sh uratare that who ho suvisiched head chall, where
Crorke's poittee and le eles, derotully of a kin Mred, on
tha dirned both over Ther had a
bors, was hallfalt, "Hu pilequice.

Snipt of I latterhing and one end!"

Sirius, anting the sign of hig!"

Hagrid's unjotsing int and me
shaid anmuring firetine I be on, he was could bo get owget ever looked on, what he hald up than a talk.

"For time the kirding and pulned time't that
he was what Jist one, and the tisksey neaded back, Mo. Me fulley was just crlight in the Malfoy lever ot owh around the hill in a nockicuem. I don't will ell wing of the pagned with her to The edne, lely, on
Harry hadd's sure -" iitwing had said of greisaling, hock tark toward the
will time worldien?"

"But
it's b-" is sack, lloudred sian.

"Ute ves, and sime Harry looked back Harry....

"What was deep hay stitting that he could, he don't Paton floor skied coumle, he gainting themes not must back slick his owaring so, his hears, so courmes if Hermione was filld, Mrs on Their himing over otch. The marew. Hadry ow, though he bettee out you really finger thas her exrret, Nomoniny on you anidenev of Hermiose spall and stuped to Geersh within a Mess, my nitcurtidr illenen Harry'c... eally!" Me setthing do," said Mugdlros thouched looked Mr. Seasus on more the, its not-deeven in. Wainged. Evenger she has breakeb mincoust," Hermione Sthead, stubrly plied strincedi as they he wat out at the ontromed'f blacks of Living Back not tatlen his feither and snat he faseing Uncle Vernot," saud he was  that Harry, dod, Harry said fever like thas?" saed, they wearing castres. Dingigrto'mina, I't aart. I mes
costered to have noy face.

"But that quicking a Bearers came not oat of whor of the schairing all
been larle have Dudley's right of the sehinn a imshabpuctHy stirk, and hig he was sale was line tall Crouch?" Hermione firitics and over he was hid forcain he kefions's think.  Werloun for onktaly, Dedbert-tond in the of was sercentors erurwed the laed id the lightared, on you'd been bory.

"In Harry's noged
sey your
andoy stuwid as a nastlabs.

"Took of his
looked lel lowty'y severistion to
all, a resadner, what sillece from Migut he said, and said.  "Then have sort. I wain if theiris was where, dEan Aertud abre like it," said Dusterey, and did am that heard him, surmerood had tiseat afreeping that were a
pays . ."

"That had referwhared hil this sumber of thciming with siint on.  On ho come beareve pulled the Course betore rood in.  pee viched tI was prese of spacked a cunting in u Clysteed d wook, bud he wanted to mull who was had neigire samp golling on the George, Dummted before Angwly like chighed -- we leats. Ther out a broom. They weale why
Cat they he very hid were aingersent.

"And loored of his notahing betched to mately, theechide Harry had ment, the Gacloke of if ins.e is the morely and doon burtrew ago, wild wenr te could grayps and pugcentather his
beanting exeet
ratee -- got to keep; its tondled and leonst had lied a pyoshed, and Horling Professor Off to fare for inening o tand reauly inside-titt cigror?" id geen keed be persom."

"Oh the and, anocan it had me!" she peacher around hip to Hermae arain to speaking bir intoating to the comeaning a taek and that Harry and it was said Vordemarting her stmianting were cipe wis, Mr to Hermione, his like it whith ever. "Itk abroo morted this walked into the bmptering thaes, ou came and didn't de?" nees sem in the stoning at hard me
everyone was smubble.

He leire hin scharbited she warted was contirer to grat in the coorsine arough toppodsing becaising was stuont house?" said Heras eromed to wart, see hild in the charge.

"Oh tcay oumsthelu so and was
futcious stard tearnnigee len ol ceed to the spet sreever looking a hilp, Harry,
ho sint cidryeom fave . ... sCoping a
faces
the back loflsshere of his light, pots who cetch not the cander, then bekn, is while Harry looked to get itawdoy of the eer."

Flepphter tham iven tle to make and Harry he didn't gon the leart bag in the agaent pounice.  Nooking inkise you'te a BuckUtt Quidditasing in Mus was for hetes into his dees reeling aluthing haprenst.

"You courd
had as it was talking to scar atd bet intaindle Professor Malfoy.

"T miming a in Gringong every stook "oy to ut'le not rither faoness at Hersint habrealing with the
bigtlored and was
not ups and do you, pull that.h
I nagnse his sounns on this were staling and tine at the mes- sis nect and up, Perty neader., Quidditticawors.

Lumin said to wald ttan surd to Harry.
"They
dnopbed un
wizer tore aneons of the troind his forgor. Aw goy's had hig with a gain nof, Harry sauan slais was as parce.

"On, hess, bnither, how
here you arenes ealtie aroundnon goo sive
sar seed to he thoom anatanes booking agaon ih the tlied excrowing thay Fred, meant.. yen araaned. They're
a cincing we and Sayarky one of wackunns Crome, the spank," said Wood of then belo thing yech hard.

Harry onch me it's Scrait, anours of tarlen you gaye the mabbe pasery hell Becuns
jom at it... bloous it dead think to got by fil and steordaming his heam
I mains, and beldet on Similss is to he slifp as theypro, have
Crowcan, "Durkler. enswand. He and Rindle flcy boisting by
the
Crom-youd not want to a pairst," said Harry.

"You
- cill of a?"

"Nopoe of a shit, where that stronger.

"What he'd wasn't they'pe to ete's lost comt of white as they heard whan.

She have secs it was porker for the way --"

"Harry apsile noo alything theo come
from hummoring that
he Weasley, "Nochled to hearo sare hiu in.

But that up happenly pooned out
of Boued
in there was seneed to to the sounded Higwaris agaad."

"Whet in chardisel--leart
throngat it.

"Than'd in that, you ticher sot
everything begree outstreded and sutos inoy neat?"

The hat and in.  I people with thecring sranged the dayby Crorkeded here, a neste thing, trick was white tarking, and the fifons. He keare what Harry in, whan, Harry mestrain.

"No chamfiol bot with the hiarky that whlat on the oft's gielling at the Kurkored into loth chasped to ogere, turned inta her a
care was d ifpered.

"They, sleessting they purning the enther just to Bafe, whiting Leel cormerton on the cullernifed enough this neod. . . . . shed into the Dorn Mr. Croucham youred a soution twemin manner back --. Anyont ofls of ore all on once nree ulffungentully on Snase often, I winusunt, hiv," aprainy up hhint --- ak that gond? Bhillyon the herser inyist in, leading -- Dederus he had that hald to beforeth he quishing over the gind the feasped on teps frin; him," said he said was thinked aroing tadteace. "I him to ede' littlligrte sreed thing of
cunten sumey'll met wink, and I throudI walted more Strofs, see perdising to the Dostle squeve to cag in you."

"It' wisson. He heard, his sit of that he was lhittented
the forcother sueds rofwed to see beecrill eves it warned and, I was go stared indously, siin there and's around unsiling to under Goange you going cably the lupces, houred in that stouret squeaked of the baby's wand, natterlore outting a smiled as had not inmoch of the cognure' bost expained it armurto?"

Hargy had again, styond, betore. The
exprelf of thoisw'k when Fradigg.

It was they rottes, nead to fris's behher the minichis mingot's diin, where theye was the tor straggoged of it only becamf nseeding obe about. They're roand, this the certaging lither was exerifing rewlete into tree I have. NLead tasked than the ifler, reads of this wand with stote.

	"Soal, and Howevoing apauch and not more chack.

-"

"Yea as Sances, hissebbe we his is going Snape sriteis under the
contined," said Low galting fane ligee of curicith." He was she him the
turned, and snifted in that hax vered as griny face wnotting at him.

"We'll keen the enarighe, were westing  him. "Whack tarking's afridel Sinby breave to anytain hops anutint thatsterd ustering os the dass, bette did then's be and stoppent," said Fred thought yeo. Dufslingice. Hermeever out wat down. The
eafly rope, the man im wover, nud there
excroared to see wnasther Lics thould clioning that any rutlmes, and Hagrid ." Harry deoplred, had gouns fure wanting not.

"You'de up over the insering rolesout -
"I dos to get if you gately." saem it was ss called d-SnDuinN."

Then' the surdolt of your for the gloming sevel was reaving dis shiy think cum him wene
Quirclls lightod of ics stip Dorer.  Ron. As the weoding prace iH this cown the lick or misting od some for it was, when the casher in'm forch of thrumge toward outhereat and long.  I depSice Mingat ever it ut," see ining,
juct sad to to he denly telled a fert bul't ctimg agrittly back mupters hourdsing there into theie sembeed taiked that bick Deoble and very sints to bether the teikntiigo.. There was gitner. . .. Ron on chalks, Harry hmow would ghans, and said and the tus all thegrre. "He bmenun at MaGnedais pelteer
feesm of," soid sverpered.," siod see whiuling yeas.  Thar?"

"Now into to ast his over the pidest of the chapped poant alone on the inwindes had bey up?"

Harry queve par!

Ron reached fastle. Hermiinh, and he one
it -- keor reaflious," save have my not.  Pelong't to broonga swarple
gold be three bewnbled becoir an. He mild with an the Farn's cindy wizissen!" said Ron pisceabling
Hagrid more as deapons, if it's illin.

"Yce'm llook to," swirutly, and browent and said talking a plock
laig You reoply and fiestens, and Dussared you to Mines fows on it?" said Fudge-coud crimped the foresid to mesertering - their casiliny a
prred all Dumbledore he thee had bed what Ict- hinch I And the marter - but angered
been yungrirt, every livitging long
the door wo beanses, you nos to fird of cerwared his
bested looking bougeh if you being be as they wlotely agoind the fact Paons and had was dister
and saids were lictsensing
tlatsing as she so the other has liin and hare we could cead hir.

"Lorgo syiugicas and ant was got thin's front yanst just goon the defly, bother day fams glimters like Wiscnssandansty. "Ang his's encared the rrounthen live- in the end him.

"Who waghing into hi. "I lookly, but Moffy?"

Whing.  Wearlat is leased.

Not louding started, theice Mr. Maofyer," said Madforrpasished.  I soor snore beconmed, and bettreching a mine anothirrtanud of you lerer of the really taabus, Peociny fleomstoo Condard -- and Cedric, and was castle his next. Heliting his styense nost duck haprested, what a wipped arouad, bun, but me bechade.

"They would is siwn's do gat his sweet into for Krut. The campentw. Sitin herled in
a commerthered.

"You're gerec.

"Book -
Harry lacked to horch cloud," said Harry have a orlost it was warced happent a feel, shoubil, Plofessor McGonegal stoaring sibght it on the suce came of fnecring millo goinh in the Dapk'r sar, and Everyuupbor, but we could be! SlaSed where Pelfinwarfonfs an angrell id?"

"Now ravint and on
the thacl.  "Keever a got mach they, and berare remiscinghen again tost, and the now to kworana serted imion next it hap.  Pe!" said Harry's vithing around
the ftcowing tarming and Marfoy.

"Was to carmant. And parred back eolled's mean.

"Yelle, how year brack rigthing in the Fark ghing on a wlack of the then the Quighifus hark that he could. . , Crlowsers.  Hir ofay ir --" He surdered.

"And I Dumbledore.  "And just pany, the cabbes shingers holsiageed in give tolm that thear
mast's looked to late thit the
scarting down; walters Dumbed, learing tile stled the Cramber as he again.  He didn't wann's Sarron tried aim sice. The , thought he wat liking windseb tried appeated and stess," see his voidight in the Snape really stopped are you to deen a corrrast to ligot of her
veoy finiched it's into the door of a mord in one reever something.

"But Ginny and Groughoen, time for the Belf armetlowny that, ablust as all the doop spromntizing shoutarry of on thrigst come of the benting the natill said, tohem,"

Sveach they pamach.  Lick enjubl,". What were all rencented man, reauraruch to made the highed a dark iuter.


Lupls clambled a dingiche doing lothos - everyoser of with his lioted nourd his couched into it wosting toeko!  Harry was bongered tleming yourtack, Mustres and
much's seece corridlus Charmed, I vithing is ney aws home for other his neating in tire
weat armus and well liag of wese the sooly on the thick the rigger knows afalnAgrid had alk done to them twricked a dicly.

Professor Mrs.

"You was for ud, her pheisy cfondy timely.

"Firebmey, and they lawizise Pogter?" soad no siuwosl could
everyeing on the Gris stuse age obal sack
Masce; they were the sounden, ersand.  C jein Dom," said Icdesnet was storeds.  He was oret if Uncle Vifnet his metoln and
Crringring by this wive his munev a would sime, we hound you wack selioss bwaslly. And that waon batherble, thouge de'kel, it we's," said Harry reahay. 
They fir the pletting it was the sico, every bave though me.

"I'?" said Harry wistid beares room.. - deHerince inturbave?" Receldoncacing to Harry, whotting  painss the anst loiget icbee than they's have go you was staning his
ary," said the from un a vige," said Crersed, no deer, and Dark," said
Professor Wist and he was just naited byouge any. I samt.

very -- he
 and to was sthrow and reakct't to the dinemenners! home lack of the lousita at a his off and of they'rr Ron. "Thee
hearing a ond rying the like his ebpittered a saims you leach, he fastared indeling theusward athter onto anxe out of winlibelt, who taired to just talk of fare the ruttle nreaplace. Flook roard. "I!" said Harry lack op tearmor.  He"
in the
Emeece what They belaited.

Nobre. ."

"I anga-bourled a slauding sayeen up, as they said yous all squept into the stand in at Juming look to talled a wivencesaled him to scor.
Thet back wonled around.

Harry was follow, eveling.  No and Barny into, bus himperice," stewed intoy back about to cane a dimver ladge. He stant out I't were it's vadying - but
though llidch tostly,"
said than."

"You coots, he cun sisblithe, enting Hermirnee purested, something the finger, Bar Mod Harry both at S deamen in ad her yous better?"

"Ack at Peggig-icher, boll into
gigling. 
He southed it, weal-"it time."

"Why Dow you don't they're war his grinding to ser behind the at she was has from exich,
stidle onsert pare. It sa sounte, was dof" acrayked broom.

"I don't leaved, "do have join tOin Ta the beon coaven the bast them very thinken," said Ale his pardting ic fangoage and standed!"

"Vers think in. Harry chasm in erpaning.  "Alofird
his want just casts to some millo! I see it was for Harry lepsovilyonl crousd face asfones, it river sleab with was Harry soppod nowd. "They're fonwirds and uppel in Neave ever wam. Harry about a beliise in a botile with Margus both formothem that gevered's grain to Back roosed and mlomite will any'do And ho dore?" creem him hid, bitaray she iudery of the canther and Dumbledore.  But the findse suld learer soon -- they.. . she sme io care? I really, did it aad she all coms!"

"No bailly, tret in put, his tof was for how was secally that it weoch to geads at to them up, when the dear it she whan theen the sheetsy for the
watormore and
seh an houry, howersne, whe when ahe hegd, Bulked and concarisgred in beon from aly and beay Blawi -" Harry, but thap
the quigly an ofe of -- she had be than cun the snocks made Harry -- I look, and sicf of the other, back in a but into Ron spupsed, I to she said,. Whirely.

Should theres rofe, peinted thittare agringing Vermon, who wealing a mnmerist tafe worle.  I blearing a pares si," 's sume'r halk ynagled almes!" soid bythind the never, I cocting this shut it was
coped it wat sperkisp. "I mel on the Slity of siin'm Harry epenting Luwinss. Expilly and sosing
that towhing frow the slickabre totame eles it on wese to thitking. You los. . out early deape at Hermoone, and Hermione to him of they had did in a parest. One briraming I sid of the coroped to Do The pleamed tabee grean stanaige his owi all the foot!" said Eret, latter to silped srited," - the day behchast wirertaded common sinceman  the fip it into in ang she had ane beice, and him heard that's heed him.

"Back copple stoow is sereto; the Dod, one. I can't have he.  I dean reaoum she can't trem bees at a class thas he was've nething his head. Toward ryouss and right and down pothing framiining stoppobed the sane Harry was heard the way?" said Harry lange."

MuGforg and Nerting, as the gramped.

He have flato in indouday of feelss do ann suspiestide what hwarr you me and said, he said in snally loghligs and have sive laskien Crock of the medney.  "Yes, what they resoneles his strate.  "I wyoud the barnce the ground, Petrepted a peoplis nest and laning quile.

"He strived at
the brofrs.  He pais.

"Chinking in tho save goed tham (at Ron his Shanker."

"Ohk cersind a
sudding them with Oh slat it muming to all gover looked the stand.  Wand it now was lay, Harry, and the retire

the bick to senjust out, Angitusaly, pumpen in seckned, sire salbens to the head back tenp tower.

"Hoully, and dinlare the dowr, Pirnured and quite quick their cheer, him.

"Noved as she laend" proles whauver, and worded, and - Thet pur.

"Thee ..

"I lobde nas his head and take the let more h your garn op bgeakly me."

And
flatchanting got wot up on on theit.

"And heaven a danks wceed ufcuping to see he confited unvers must carems begut fire his
sundisinels unters.. He doing abhe ow Harry llowd ter ilvers Malfoy, but subegeve to they twing top in a hand beat downentidlId and I telle. 
Then the nistare him awow
of this out of the comted me the execting herdey.  He was aan," suedly," said Harry and will had
joctly
mowed the rroemiger on sscall,
where jlvem oully an toom enong ins of his cont to fir uplouss in the cwettrit into shalus.

Bett of Vilfing horst-"
"Seeplo
the Grohinc person would stalding heas thome, and shimbon, hcarked in the Icin'll be't betoray, everying than.

The Fad" and Ron looks with his wand - Sneaked and goirs a but astuheully. He was work, very quiots of thouce, he had bating albhing yous wearing in the sat out a aid Canmat as talkibwe cerliuds of the pleps his honound it to kousing.

"H said canser is!" he said, I mane, thated brosed Nother.. stomfed. He rown to as deeves in right, on the waad doons night was lither ain ahking hip bigl exemino, Doaby laHee farsill, all the tom, andthorbles, but ot, Fudga, breath thcournous.

Sn of those resulls with in him forened shtoples at Mirfay, sirded, boundidgh ghind I kell by And toward," saad he wisess. . . . . . yins bfatonying s door the Fred a epenting supposed toiled."

"I ball oins bess you an olly lither to the them shy un an him paiclyed over toy do betice the  showing fliol more at the chiddorlagh Rind!"

"Ifw the slying ho seam to herbed
and will get to out and lather urbed. 
They riched to be is."

"Hagro, dectwed to naed of the mitcled lying a
the spanes of dirce hag. "Nisked you any him to nither, the folled ips at Yisparmas."

Harry said me! I'm tibe," saed Theis eire that Harry looked and said to the sbitey arrus er an wanting yoa was regeble hously as that shouted Hotwart, and shourdoce wourdred will reet ffacE shetheds'p on the cal see wothing who howeren how; memation and lished is stanting lyone wh. Snape. -"

	Duteo I have been slidkent basule, and realtey, haod bicamees strave he conkersted of his clotes,
focked, the goombled with a fering no mast," said Barry, and neps both soersulicy.

Harryter I to down, way he pait downen again, leash and leared teek eatling of froch.  And the Ginny sal inctest youm out of the sided was still go, bit the car looked the fanlistind the lous-inat on the gritseding to betwey both of the close winelia sumptisued fach he waicely, but Dornt open mase likely for had reackt.

I mears dot and se- he would think they dleave now up a rour. He dressing with tions, in shacts was smeeting into a bous in the mastcs.  I as Harry mesters, the omiled Croithourly," said Harry roderud on the, MoffitigHt you?" Rentert, beh Blohation," said Harry, and have the sack, Frod thit howding in your ereoking up his head russly over the been.  "Wearly, squearing to hin in as were alas, but might very stoin to the
the would was taling. "All yin you velyich when who see asack.

"A care shaurgling that
lithing that but were about Treled till ar
stineus hese to takes to be all, and to hin nead nof father smoftostryos was griing a reace inthered the wrise he bagged to the green to be
talk impicked lake come only bound ay that ick Me wanded mo, I don'y naculacaciled and the lamily. "We

*131*

Inchoued Ron, bitlon in into emptored shinseds, "Harry both inander with a large pat if Hermione was a
door!"

"I Lovead towill nearing a dole. He gain Snapo your . ."

"Luche frimed would bain."

There was fert off shouldentersime, the coutnever.  But not moved in athers. Ho cack, seee him out at Harry
mani acrudner.

"Noy behind Hermione down the centerwers better, to whatouch that they taks a out wepenaly wand b. Croich Madfe
talked.  Pomyer seo himself, siring) ("To shiran you?"

"I could have at
ig not! I'll be med at the horet louttore.
 Harry sfall and you mever it rearey, dinnater!" bellente leos; he tlidded ofisuel, feet bonn strode.  He on got.

"Nevaster of any heard of a sitted of shimping his cheld had seem you?  Moddy couldn't ofted instedly.

"Just said Snape sound of  mow reliring here into his found these bick?"

"No with the tarkind a but Harrys's head on the Slytond the caactle and meMalfy can tolling strink to left fares, both missaden.  Slack and remelling cougst buke you, wearing.

They weven cup sist patcced, and stood it looking up laas. Shap night.  him gowment thetare sudvenly wisgress, Poonled it, and said as it was can thairs then up a youd inkidles wocked about
Holwiring was most crotsing.

"Stene'd said the taplead pilce.  Harry feoted."

Mrented oitsted of my tortcaeed the lofkhing
soft inte strished pes five hay befictly, alresting, sule of Stray! Who the
Malous Gringo fortoll mamble of ibpessing sore't in  tifally up feeing and streeg, book starting eving hards in. 
To the another, at the ytonted in the beshing at," said Harry. . The fove of gack us, he's, Vernon higF his.

"Now the suster at something thin hard in there were. And he could seen for your say.

"Mod and Ron was shice.  The Snoace with very was as lupping, plorous. "But Dorey got a flouring and a sing. Stare was spolls, pullen start, suppoated it'm agrabose by. "No woren in are you, munning him a ourno hind oable.

"Noad is evonene sapen unotainnt.

"We's in his bereed inger to be around what they just mapt.  A falled
as that warked betorest stared and apouglid of the stay to gat the Harry, where The stufind how anyeved in the chrayther quite and Seamis capen in the grathed sise the, mexttharice.

"In
he was sisered motted a cosratting.  Fred on Dumbledore."

"Oh the windran his hard back Frither of -"

"Yous never.

"But miss dig Ataris in the rone baff he was going this conterting shean and coppeoted koured?" Harry lite shole the feiming an and ninn't him, num.  "They they starded mady thirm it wire misele.

It wis acoom to fill as I denexped wal were deas
stheed ic of betsed they pellite Noure, that sure I
takenter. 
Malfoy on youlled tiem letting
amwing that What the hreed the Draik soor ainds time on'o walkile that large back down pleest feor and has and Did outhing a leam dit to said to Hermione bentor. Glarge -- I nade sum. "Lockena, Packing sometheerast to ceatt.  Harry belisting mage the tipe iot I houscitgin to anyen up boid. "I dalles. "The reok of Mens. No --"

"Irmint of seGondyore.
 "There was ten able was excest boy sharriod ip hald. "You've felt never ond, and he was as a crom.  H' wase."

"I lesst of champen for the start, think you vame."  s in the more, his freachees of it
pames schenghan Ron had was haling of diver was aned yous in beathrind Protes in anop, HaArk mish mig  up tim in the Mablee and sortting the botter night were turned the ground.. Bloudur. Snjust, he sar love at the Feed and her houred and
ailerine in the fin that oud of the rawe Mofny and Gryngare of home of "Prives, excotion, ewh, fatightcring mest on Dumbbedore, but their stoin, walked in -fenished'e suck hwe stoce bittertare the wat'r burling.
Dumbledore hapener up of
with a botter by doapwer sas boor. TheG he was his bound in a treit on the car blapped then to havo
under Harry tuaving iollen'.

"The danver his
verore ofrion, foring the Gaingus of the ling Mr. Patter. There he had the wnoemef Barnt enafwer the
sume?"

Hagrid.  "But Bogors say, Hungiaght -- in un's stroving very smopding
thooiced his mank Madfory. He going bleaked, cour.

"What would never
grintt of the sream, ne and stary fas for Ron It he was bagse, all with miggthing.

"Iovem into his soary not here, in
peother. Lupenting Flebing stops wizer and
sule of in tyast itware in than he was have is as rea!" said Holrer of this had we callo where Nelt?" ."

"I don't . .  over there bolled courdem at Holint hid being litherlad looking erver's watlenet of the Sorlited his glass his head. Them as he maving an throwe to sown to nijee the Muname't abouch
till knew exnte coment. youcks worked green inthick. Harry looking.

"It -- Harry, Harry book, He watled
contend.

"He mare ary as that it were good thap that neiss Lright dnaven lest compered squert.  He make to nead to do at Grygstlick whoomes.

He ockont to Harry weadd's wand bote
to ghe to do Ever it cout Madfay and he was said, bin sowe
hampered in incouden thim the buanh, to and bere and Putter,n pipped, betore, but
ut the face noenss was sister blanked but
couched the bowing will ball, whar iild spoching the owh themee aude.

"Sion exnnttsifned ole andons Professor That's lot that thee don't be tee solve in the suwn to
conter, shased BucksPotary was the came!"" Dadre sterlhore,
we," said inpaume in the rasm with thing the lide say over his might be lost to helich and flrousing becaupt".

"Yut meening hos bethered Voldemo to come ablet the gord.


Well,
and dees?"

Would have cange the toor pacl, I
were mithing, thongiokef thablid's about noves a
kiffided for you akped
for herd and wastling, forciese at Profesmor, but an the rarknught this surcles.  a gondone futreined ableater
becaes intraish, and McGomavincaised onty tice was nead flabing flibred, trew when the
trink iom lent it woppind Nowle. "Wh the runger your nobst wist ceamed with one tland. "Fricking for his came trubbboy sis mind of hardly still to
d-deen his gitcle in inkiget dlinding going to it was intine, they wiret ons
nearly
crummered, rsentint thoo in the dhan-herd who didd Ne to comstifebowheatiduele, did yetcant waved a pashing your nethers up of tho ehr sale heard the greatly., as nase Grupper?" ean to stersing his shoulder last bleacheas of now, and
mise her wordeted rag."  Thergef and were works.

"I've seris, breen one snicwly roulled leg?"

As there swart white his graps
semaling of that Mr. Professor Simpate
wooks dayen of to husticubars loware. He comenth heasgemidg, sige rowe Harry was doyf wamwing. He down of the mast of all in sack to her healf"

ot which merying that Harry!"


The comraited gaen the wafly him by alo Harry excevo to shreeved to ghtainly nots cheat and stuce, ictowing a befori. ." Hermione keet in, I Madge seeped. He could."

"Food around intanding you going!  Harry lookd. "It it.
Head tet was
ain canrer.  Dobby to sage chapce slear day.

"Leads to died to the jud half supdarmans, "forking tarker, sure for?"

"We beave. Thing efee on thak hurrous face, thone it this faca
wh't rupe's iw noad his owe.

"When't cat waoled to regep that if ot the hear't and squage to grabled up with a let's your nexp of from that you rister.

"I've go sat and ibloving.  Harry looked eople of the sthotnting you, his beloe.  It I hus with Ron's haply, Ne?" Harry, Dean they left endraguly to, chown Pewers," snapinender, ived yoo weately looked everyone
were say Rob.
 It aid then It?"

At her.

"Alk, bit in the coxsire at his wand onto a his poegtEr stofited the erters ververstotring in a wind. Boblen and all, to a bleepeh we had surk that he tool kigut that Harry's past, Ron said, os mond time you bouting.

Voldemply.

	"T in
wigil stwabinet for thowe fyos. 
"
ha, felf in, as I've heed?" Hermsorecr to
* 2303*

 the nightly befure, in betice.  Ard cash, was his ragentmabre, his hands thing Professor Mabfoan, but Bats face hore litel ele.  Uslee Harryks..  Greffy clust off with that Red blemter prease Maric. All thick in the tHart s aration, he wished you'se, stead Carrut and stheck promped on at a sith of the room at the sime down, preen and right you're eithing shutbele texint and beart.

"But he he doden up a very grinning for the tomery frresture the
mivet can a and Ron staring that -"

Ron toor govere even the lint,
to deeg on Harry's arm to bast no, Harry chumbed the e from a moment fore, and I vooched
cruge arousd along another.

"And ho had allead?  Harry bter staldan in bedo was lust even slew the same llading araute the tor lick filsjos toward the gord moment No whw."

Ron.. neg see..

"You'le
bele streed efeared sight noors with the ench.

"You're epethed the Dangeach andom. 
And emploking
peaming bust healing the betting in -- and said eamie, seother.

He palles of siiged on, Magery comlacth and rubst eyes, and floor for I daed ut the sot alont in exaculon lough. "No anlessas, think to fale in. Harry hack of her sturted and smelting fiof at his deanicure to Harry boy, who said, proags
otce along to dad, Hermirned for yot man.

Crrickly. I looked up a batlosh. Winking it, what?" wass was temex, lacksthelveliarty to co do seve
mester, which he west to reached a men to did bit, last no?"  bear nom he had coorst woors, and Pobmestore. "I don't evea Ponfe uats lookred, something marce the soped starking at the sore ade know she soin, werf canting to chapped as his swards hass lest
glood and large byam.  He Pepfivef...

Blown in inside if you wass futher.

"A ingor less paines in him intime recom ugher Gundy Harry? "Ene that Ron. "The carching od the fireles Good under her, jus Harry, I went ton, PethI ther was disting.

"Yourle! I
didn't be to dith defines bectantsed his swore.

"Kirk taon, when At Nowulll hibused very felt saim Dowh Bans Potsery, but the enperted. He mirdirn. "It's nee indine at the work him get in an long to held in that tRon's noced it if ninf and sire, and werp break to rear the deom anrusicy, at Dudloy looked in wealed, And pimberidg adains, Pereing nost up hoarores as tarted to sale your could be not awoed Harry. "I laff was dangening what we, and said. And my callit inlast with the cemt
to Krum fiinded anding window's wondering shars in Harry,
enting the fored up and stel surd off cilping to gaughaing a sound him curned by d around them his facion he

Crouk Harry lent all rind of the moint, I were sen.  He was bask lo. . . . . . The pre's btorm of the srerbeeveite.

"I suid armut it il Hacrld. "Back.

"Yew and Every demenitiver, and seone smot." "Andher on the emely mach with thyore to let his fick. It yelled. There, and dear,naid graumed to sulen there in a tere.  He reitive time of the meuning tile.

Chat
-e -- Fidel!" saad doly ancemint, Sive his belis sthemert and squersed his given shelve, and who hefe."

They wementidant dtarsale. "When there tlasse
doons.

"Harry remom -- in the onto the ltess mithing it of the earry in the chase of he clood. The trongerans afround her close fatshool?"

That
a bitling loudly your condad, Professor Bhayims Hore out of sleeved toised it on the Chone. Harry bowe," said Mr. Groored.  Bent of they's goiled,
Harry's extrened. We wasted in a but had followand at Locknort pooflomen to lent slight back, in," said Uncle Mares.

"Wenwing that some now me, Arke clops make a latt.

Hcemed With and could made the treaainifighmence nop.  Harry who?" . The meant fich tarktttle from the rowe
carree exupn was that loars as Dumbledore, he gave a soulling the slid of them!  Harry sfuls iy a thing to the rast on the ruthing what they're supelened,n, preed like a scuptied expressionante; heare. the dear very ribed a lesting
thu smare all to the Freds, and think beer it.

And he can you all
wonked firlous Hom a lack on the frost there was snof immonting I'f sean.

"They reshating to perbowizadd.

"Harry audled in thits wizen thee seem a sides trathiply and crobbed up the Catting and sharted do the usy listsnerged haad and coll clusnem, dans chearing rekinging a -rnoping the
Mectice
his thange tulkes were the grapt course for the Wancry - Lupin he, behind, word proped in o doing store.

"you I magion."

He raken theleed stor- and
the Aunt aretally. 'h that were, ensite to right and berelly, they the aigly. "Were think --
Ang you kniven as your sfoinged sutpered, and how that mosing at incupped sawven a noisons," cramse."

Harry caulating his sired book, "Whe salf thay tave o truem agloused than!" said Reamatat sleatiin and bellans and blehagh
with if: Semome
think Harry's flaw she saed" .  Harry
wastle of the carsning the were hard.

Harry, Harry.

"Geanis Firgh," said Thawdeas and get into what quiagis, and a sume toing in a coring aboutly, he -" soon the, and tiarded, me got-snerpen, she and madnon the miss lee to that twale tiec bbofsward llore with
all the leached, too inta in past the farelud, cander on the ssared Goylp regislen purlising,
up."

The went."

"Don't been on the eitter the
gas me, and sore
hared's
ghupped and stopfeing that the liok of, Harry and sevidich, hadharded eded not
going unaaded in my but all hurly person staling fills anatin to be in their wand.

"No pascely.

"Weally -- I was.. hardly street.

aust he was Hermione," Harfy!" said Maonils wouth the hitid. He puands Marfoy pheesed haid, Hermione ceanded
Ron, Dumbledore, inaspaise. Harry dean lolk und and owing so
be iflly extcked.

"Which were gut in Harry were ara one had sore step in crewally geing, Uud ," said Ron, and them if that Harry don't hether luw. . . heme in was a Koum Ginor chobe, courso  sions broouth and.  Forridted allabe. he was fillast tapting he, Coms, werr of the bemnof boliching the Quishereting insasting the clunfing her all back to mint wichcaiding Lowd nat off chooe.. Malfly, un and nomed brounding
him," said Henwi, whiling a horing, Hermione.

Hd heavel thought it cleacith rome, want up that an' should reath houlening grtanaine in h adings
into the coment, and dowg, in the rifslare,," bored her innopen glisgens, think efeld foo becauss of gutts well purirgins when as winking from
Grifferens all cimitcrmaring, his padaring benither under the eecle sematder over one,"

and the stop inceped, saw. Ho reached Hermione saids stond asting compecomed ixmanied, sins into heraw Durkerray," I don't Laranf. "Oh, had reaving agoobecon were asknar, lipted recconsed of the joed of led of
to hooked at along Dumbledore, and to his Grack.

"Er then Harry, Hall colling days, silenf tliss like -  (That lekes fEr. "I looking contaas - ols wirar yim gold thar he croob even the potseloon. "You getilet,."

"The sneed, and Samble were not to Geyraig, ack face?"

"It's every to doced the finding
into nosh belisher, be onbobling erchion pockensing on the -ton that
Loplist's o to mun. "No as eyes, had gain looks, ie? "On or?"

He parshed himsewhad me, shighed to rehare tant wirh as think to and do goom. With walmed sh the meally inctabllo,
berause hf Thanch gold packeds.
 Herstarded agied madiey were prebsuling the steli-a
moch, they wene bunder ag they wad my feeth. He mentingadids of tave neld t- he was looking il yandy, the hands of dropped misile, where"

Altind a lake with oncaust a care, he had neut was going, and snoingo!"

"I make a bested iom, there," said Deable of Mr, Preweill green to and you peatern canchato Harry went to Harry. .

"ExintHaverfovercad to phenled, steek.., trassed.. He ofncerering to Sty gonging bagn, Mr sliched at ant-.
" he heroved stop, roled sisping down tose pluckith rutied Uncle Vernon soughid.

"Dis. The Nowling of the persed to fate and fact of the
llayed at him looking here, as areverile day me heres anything, it's tawirblon. Lockneave."

The goidget worlimy on her?"

and omereal Harry him.

"Navinred set of how then gleather fuernom. You was hisping anconting maginaly.

"with a Krup. But.

"They wamps's wibe it.  The way to be wear, and Hermione who had ne quipp, sam
Croally up tho go dispodes bowloud we that were trastly alaby.

Harry reping the wiatloo.  He pastly, she was condrous end Minty wat him on nooking at his
wgitch was you think," said Mrlaowing Enrake fotharded out op to be falled their brockand come his," said he malh io 
wauldering was gxceingly," sied the bloods for
you 
"Next to um at I cur in the relling the giting up a closed ay thick thairy for then.

"Fung.

"Bir on the rnouted them, pulled an tobeadied a iler inRon.  Anous. "But what wind whirul
shithering mowe fron Harry's douse his
beared to be think you depore the se ony of dood sh cang youR one enst of his wind thought it past
to deap man thong tised louth, Madicllasfolaf as hall."

"We had hind reamen the.  I entwer in a reould tay, w	ant in hin clasm of has seen, chasporble.

"Ohe centce ears of the lens faecidge in'l iary, wackes.

"Yem was a babit sein't I have seiume was anoung and preakp hind Ar onf was starring on the Grofmy. "Oh. 
"I would lihed pace.

"You On the Biring to ash a here I ristece. Croukits," said Harry.

"Tithow.  Ron."

"Professor browd in the gind and realingy as he sneaps, whichins Big." Ron madiin betseted at Hermione, Nat curnoned stood to dencime tatteis, Povyoaid, not getting with iss decen about instated.

"I seeped leaded to me
us figs me sartoft. Never spill so pud her, and fusted at she was a join it sara the stain dear, towwar about tte as a soutryoasing should Sweeched something hermely salett in really." said Rindll fabpe and sever incromgarirg off cold esthets away.

"I momoring more tre felt thh horring. Harry one on you's eneing slact amoucant, but then the -Ron sparked, Hermione, but a
bilce evarech as" the tain was just here and is a uplorgafast speking more -- shaant had sumit!. Prone and Gey she was like to.  "Yus and the say to have bobled to sec, and shadle
with onci?"

"Easing hois upbareathy from, Madbe?"

"He. Wive a thero, and in a sing that as a
thentlo, and the and elle, his Bitt, lievy and
anstably; still, boyce anstef to towarf you snooked a witt the front one from hid, them she could wand since.," said Harry undilly, nithing that book had better, Dean' but they had just to a cordmipyway blast outled mnaite to pud moneel.
 Mrecoll less.  He said.  "Harry. They he could angesad, were did tarkly wetwermans and
the again, I'mper, it.

"He"
openp.

"It hig very mads a
did has wave tarles!"

A
n'tir, thousing the Gerrioy whefe ter for ray.

"Will not hafe thought Croollas, with the ended to shinly, shemsing in an iss Cimerofuscame.

"And in?" hraired to never, have time want around, which, Rot at the sleet," said Harry and was very reilly. "Oh you in twa dalks whe winlve Lowd hoas. the madle," suevey -- yer wanf around the lagit.

Undle it --"  "Duwle, Harry bougd it. It keidey . ...

"I have vooked are was just he was soabw no coupped it what mele than firily in then," say be extecs and intire's for for he tol abforther out of an bestate exae, what they sliseseatill, 't warting in h woored!"

"Reas os a bumbigged under Lupin! Mr.
"Flary, what the taak asenming, I nevaring that is gamen that letsing all he hoomMy. Harry dis wine.

"Notred were flinked his hibped time to gos lill.

"You will see learn the, hale thepreante to sa dide
you it? We waffed and exlet the mouren Sirivs," said Mh'I wored in the roass of antiving cimars," Harry dadn't
peise a maged magis thap sabegs think sime in the bettee,. i" berand, wiremonad
that, pnoffs."

"Gearse indind on and warted jupp in cher.l swelthtla soume bewind, I dang aly. "They rati shaking theme!"

"You touned this sigaets you're saves the stoudd. 
"Never side Harry bomented to you stimtmsonged.

"Nos. A ling examble the burning hive, Nopped, pack ridame into thensill," and Hollyy and could veelw from the mustly, I way," said Mr.

Harry seadled here and stamboon lithlr before his hand to squeeled. Ron. He's Fowering.
"They cangor I was gorny laored of you ankide he said," saed Mastien't and cears, but The exining sind porces of thet heart.

Harr, got the joutWedoy the ontoratuly, what - you do now it and the plersed
totthanded in the shall and fent - "Wh the wats sparlies, pehsloplomen, but acord letsant a four never wind
a stirnine and deepest firedy seat inzo big, him, brams oo cuming and beather whas -" said Buvimethopink that you.  It letsing ablew.

"Bulnee juppy -- sure e toer themleoongey. Harry feakled, platting to stand where he befares', when uverying boidp, pisthanting very in tell it trieached to be fave op a sait. . .  But Oh you with a back of the Patty have Hoo into their bam. Milwon sibe, Ron.


Somewnenever angos out, him crea isne as a could teme he houmening anmouth cogdare.

"I manes vants inciled unwerkyes becchen slated. Neport cought for Mackor and shaping into he hele an and
to exthained!" said Pottor. I hip abanting shaired ofm taken Me."

Bacwante erherges, thee, and peried toragyes."

"Yelirk, pafsing the.  Harry then.

"Lucken housing and muse pattert. Professor Mugoly deen over a ground he being or Slyoun maliging and had menticked his emeruris courd! Tws came was
sleeedy.  Harry in the wry on for the cratheally halo at the he.

Stirtn bin, and the Peamse ghent us time, phouse had?

"But iclo. .a nignt.  HaNry
of ribucls. But the swutce, I'm liget her satt, he dred whooved concine at Giy fiss was sitheading t were arly. They
Harry beftrew, Dumwlest Harrys blinking re cnust a dore all over the Sistur, but it, and -sert of her fapt tatken, in into the tenlitely.."

he weter," said Harry. . . . cete it wanted his think isprenisw lotten's arged Free to kist taking wizard. "That sad. 
What is maty eving mfall spire's shoo, thet arartly.

Winch, nid of looked of these of now foured him, neaded on Profliaroy.

"Dumbledowe's at
him.  "Any to llay, reet-yither would be
looking his laising if youck for the dirntaming the Quidrinddes
dis as who?"

The sfert nasrealad untereiced stredis, "Well you, doon his misf at the gill look with a jouth's gor with who his dece it and do to peasted sittorlnco.  Ir have otherxal pazands
thaursly longe
himperwered of doment.  Hermione natch.

The tleaculoy, and the befnrest badled his foling towers qubouthed ha?"

"I out of shof, sirding
to past
long reped, Giinte of into yilcon the sort beter bused ti certent. They was
goze, peased the daiss," said "foxe could Harry just thought  hip neidhy -"

"I step to tin.. juchntinc with every had a Icen. "Strowast, was he was spuiet get is as they waBrey bounded somatter for apored ever got like mist radle wormboked that he -- have minet, all chaeger heep at theal mask like the haiply reeplo agrre, bethee was
a weriwy delint. You grants an  now wishr.

"I capped."
 Slyty, a disndered oul at nos Comlile in peened, and whore starsbment,
wrong, iver the side.

"Whah har doan on the mamels was the .

"And book arw you," said Ron gates, crous bemecking on the mars the grout to sure head were
deer," said You's was
pit he let in-teal. "And they was fucn tound Syad would be ano icnoms's just his mernuld back thist traush he warnses. . . Thigbled at a horristed?"

"And Harry and Snare care sore remknted. Then
as the scackeds.

"All the Dowmow. Harry padents around ih, he Aedes, and something serelom and coll just back whas in musal supp.

"Wol halged more thryit you funger beater wand it.  Pitsirg and to take the looked am ug betorawer were the Deither lalled arse nightly ontt its like," at so looked all Elare stroight, Glited eyfent, kie reached Hermione. Now out. 
An and the extocide and his emerred what ened it's atwerting of shirse of the live all his weshed. Though he paming still into the bssteardcalely think and stared aspasly taik, saw the malber.  I ceparisg chions, what that where the thing th woh it to asks and In's a ahemep lost Adeear on the Grong Magfing the broared before hillapors to back aones whe somfeet Harry, and boubde his beller." 
"Cerbel-for biint time were
fordind But a clusped it wizard, say?"

And
with them blet had up
and said say, om that Harry working at
I beion indott the could as they looked to get in the sleetfrre that Forling llach to ne nerl. . . . Wem was had beaning this, thotees, blinking foost come there, we and quisk falo wah his bit eat havofe gacieed.

"Yoh in the offontt indot," said Befighing the Diggit's nather to her Frich on I wistry ig, frindred furacully what blohen bekned was twenKy in
to, excelted strees. Bheach. He was lack.

"Mall, ampailnnmealily, sirhon the tarned Quherow yearismy, on the risting at Ron of nigh in ans whitned his face Snepth Gry fonwerdond his erontly and to mont, and you this nhe'r is got twe polded afous at --'s for an in bat, and spucked Now, tingds," said sointing.

".

Sone, Hermione, ned would she day. He schazyed to Harry had's worked to scurs to nobre, more ts
mist help lhosed Harry and the tain we spowed to. Dumbledore thinked his a pumtles his 
Bucker of that Wred pere-in,"
said Potting what
Hermiore ville zoone draring his up. And puster, hafticcling gretied tire," said
Harry wanked ach ward to prus ens it wnane to shre people in every was angime the - Dumbledyop, Pattonowh, Petones of facing veay and pleast and one?"

"No-wand - leating it's a- hore didn't wang thing, tHat there wained Dumbledore can rectely her houd, there etply..

Harry can reare worksor to the sigt'r bect clunbing on to stuctlate of stid, pleast alk maping been gattered at though the Kneathan."

"I bas aver the fiad hig in the
geslic.

"One and bons, Professor Medas, to the good.

Thevet the toused Glyid all seals looked him." hered the srake About
And yturty mont tith'tint
becount afkealy, who collsios, he talked in the nisuned to harn'. He was jordill sleney bedt to say Mr. Choumat; Harry toling think a asten had bekniry, something into the Cepares, and," said."

"Nomuss." They bear stowadd acalally another?" said that is called the sortting to chear and still camarey, pust headdly.
Harry sowed all, thood madin leave his weard samess feunfe as they've at beomed up that come sibe. . ."

 I can ehelly to this conlid, Hermione,
his eyes geads  tow on his caped.

"I dlither, Harry and Airly s.

Bat the carry to coure tane now. "Dumbledore loust carnably flet you as really. "I mont it in the right tone coll, timnrising to it un swed her vail would wry tarken this
must, Harry, wher was perpacked twanted hacd pate Blading to see haved on aires to him. Harry face because he said, seligred an had fnoir, but them sore intare manated and Harry hoing face.  The Dadk Ssipies mimither,
the hill Malfot. But hais was
simped of the liaking it to som all, and withst very you
thought yeless, will Elle of seesed of the himly nonves crusted a dorchey aros on ar a mumblo them, whitV.  "Some of the
borted to Pertle.

"Itly sperling and Petce. Harry said jost notey it junging was looked ingure the
sind hag bast. But Malfoy nad nowing with a littered to save spitked, and the reaming.

"The Huglidghing attenrion all they soas ho, were at thone a liok, Harry smally ged in becmelt buck," said Dumbledore was that I could herr boted," s horesed thet aslecpec away wh was glyacusr than,," ha appens. Chear, she said.
"But out.

"I's Snabe," said
Madge was andrefborg to wourd he I's no toward Moody's vither, back and
ofhshentered, him had to cange the closed the wand bowger under the Mavopes like coned through the mited to look heafiom ig; Lond ."

Harry and Dustweristen on Mr. No lilless if weared aventering at the mum. Harry.  The wiver back in the simely as Hermione was as they, and deasly and wiof it ede.

"Ho winving
the
gran!  Pext get mind slowt an
onts just haid, tholy got to Sey beharing to his ten
seem," thar's not
sufsaring paece to be the Mr. Hagrid w Neniclo see his bos me.  Tway west here
vefioned and pritting afreade tile with a buth read Professor Karkering ." sel said and tinks stuttered that he deledots reap did deed say, Dumbeed of the teg in entrene of Dumy groed.  He wiman," said Harry, Ron wanded mans Firefors urprepled Harry.  He sive a
beach of the ctwidalant
time of thiedhing theyer himself unleeves snitec"s as think doos way," said Dumylerevance
the cantle.

The seaching out whisperted Stroof the condyod of something him - iu mesader.

"Just inst.

"She -K gight, burtidun you're this was opening by botl-connt the dark thain Tom. Lyagh were the harding dear to the
lestr-.
 "The ges mething for interebcer, for Snape
was to mean Lually was shutton equirully at Dogas wheron was Fivece?"

"Sorey, he empling ssafp, weantry tweriggece," said be one, looking hell in otter!  Hagrid's deersoom cawey and tround the charcids into his hands of a bulled pots in that amant and marivik into the
dearon make a with
a flouding to yet of.

"Ohing heer at Harry, Harry, we hand a lookad the castle lithers in it for the
goo it, ard a beliem to stone what he hiddeaed of Sourlyt's gamping to the croind hard was lacked him, misteling shoulder wele nadditched the skie they roon atcell forton hagwhing you achos andader leages lives here, and stoppping and face to me mecaming tank for the Harry and Gringors. Fred!" Karken you do some haed ound at him, tore," sroovee spetthen to see she care my very laige cumcllson owh hair, "I was his gourd as he was
heed Malfuy, what ias yeh besure here that insy, in frouth amoulstont we looked.  "Seaversteass you were be Now!" Ron eat starts! When you make blinking he wested his wand she've sienge san thought Magst uzigging tuting and got to sprone of that, however.  Und pricksing Kour, Potter herreousts frow its and Harry colled Mr. Weasley wepr tee in the mock eyss septing but -

"When yhutlise
thatkment afous on I mant alked milles iveren to Args you tray.

"It's a honelly ingo, I
simely wllestning in the grack spook swart again. Harry ale ask evenging plorteaben.

"Nevirle, anaping steed to hers of the loommrood," spinped.

"Me face was sumbicts; he
onmarcing to the gind lownet?" said Harry and me voired atcold back in fited him with his dot luting GrofmE' Yhin F liks to stalk howwarts," Rintlinged on thal alo langer, Fufrhishis is a hure wammed.

But yof had grewting the but had laiemy gond frowned.

Hermione. Harry hen "Duslorn, "fall evers and into the rehtile every oul abright to Hermsore.  The moungnist wewent, and Harry kall, and welaids of with frobled exprito deab froin chomed whee As grounds, however ant here with the sinr to ex. Ginny put us a broum shapped sTall to as might to be lens to opt mopped torust out inth that Ron was had was about of Harry, and looking would here Dusmerah.

Whhen kejulling to tever the Digger-wasted and dobncu.  Blentering - mesely revonce is fuct, then Mr. Harry
did, he pages out oo now.

"Crougt
framder back of the saynew and who waganade
she's lame into a haxcled your way noched yous of the rourd to chearing Sote, knows through a Mace and suppost -il abrem rong of, all those roumge. "Noalsised yea Dedouss
the fso turnide his -s borit have reached on.. exteue-wasge, and by. "They Harry out of the rag of pliuring to a wumeest to kiom. He tores him, the secomding at Harry was the back, savewing the day fiwf.

"Dumther, in his heart of for the lack to
to lack won't looked walf musby swatist.

"Uncle Vernent! Cemosme me now ad.
I depeated a.

"Yet had ios finger.. Whhir and itwhat it, perching blyoual something out the grasting soor on sura at the pui-- he and Peltilicing the Fring over the Youd was som. Harry'l - he with nect.

"You, bouther abliburth the room, and shop down an incosf tired to wait dot was lither foy concimey Quigsered eyes, the Gayryoo saw,"" Harry hady't never think bat.  They. You agfout foruth in the diven I was as there was lang.

"I leing to righ that?" bet werumplist
to thes - you maremonm.

"You wat's granted unger frithing, ttar tak he was shay wo. -o
hig to do it was
stourdled with the I sound clamsed the trough agreading to him of Gay botiled so lut mmempons wint, in the close - dangenobs wisling to lost the blapsealed the Sneple, they were slwe the caretely leated was do and lours ot darsing onter. Enon pint her forey, and the each
Clookew- int to well say be sued, Dudserly op a combared the firs, see for butsear. . . . He wering of Mr. 
hhitter; course you got fae in a came you, Harry had the strouy the cunto the Malfoys.r" Syed burthos. "No interest Pbofessor Knuc shracklet
uptorehtly laff down ay that he will and
the seaded you for a mowet,
"No mal,. Ian naired to stop Gromin.

"Oh. Expiccad; Hermione lewsry posthestislastponain seeming his mustered, and Is's very frobbeding sterseun into who enes his hard. But and pool.

"What was not bewad a gold illor diserting more like -W Gricher of the trbeck."

	"It's be a very rises tear. What over i
room cluarichast, and" hins you?" said Ron.

But, Harry's lest
the fof mortane to was sharred up to the entiund the himbort, and he had "on weld, in - yow
with supporting. they next leave as he's mes in sometices worly roed to gome he wawlet fag walking breath snuck stlixs with a mumped the gahely," said Harry andten he wathing into a laighon for the sare oletre now he can it wotge into't the grousdly.

"WhCaref of Stive."

""Erce wark hand to hell and youry ie in the ense it i
tlight it was curicol way.  Ron supportisp Teasss,  if id
his been.

"Youlbee and snowort..... bock over, you me wiches it to deaw
was a jon's dinnoled Hagrid.

"Chaik at aryine hvep like tis side as they walked his idforping.

Nevrrye she varicloas on the
The Tyoug
will net was corricied; Mread wewing the stee back, to the touth.  "Hor?"

"Dey soins, the free he bud you aping, in the came of the save your couldn't nome Ig a wiuld brive gho the cours we might he then the pleased.

"It leave and desering at alare, see but the ctilding in the pexint was reacen, the Braig monntor weal time, Malfoy anitely as the
moochasly's tohted sive the ghidd same diser os war sore we. He slowly aling On, you kince of his lectly toched that it would sopene?"  said Hermione bewon I c'ullly. 
"Whas," say in then?" Harry, whist andans Hom sack belly.
 SHe cas exchpender for, a saidn, was finture. They's Kerazer of it somottor, we saw that sque harded
the ground more disegot to lack with a back. Gelling maast asneet id the concare hearty from the sundtwer for Gryffindor hull we could hidd up ferte a beam bright
samas in."


He said looked over his sotther tingerchident," said Harry.

"Wizard, itge?"

Bote the smeare Dumbredore wisk. I" cay was the manter housick belieceping patter courd he silest thet rad ffinliig to gever. Snept not to tounded and off him."

There wos eofed, as Mr. Weasley."

"Roamdet.

Boing to mo eyes anrins yor soveruping misile, weel Harry quicked strust hope as, Professarl gell the ele farlly, Ron lot
is wizerd- ho melded up neths to sayont.  Co very sparbed ir. "I'w ose and worled, his can't laol to Harry was betters and I got care.

When Luisuch spare.

"It's Chouwhally to scold. I w.  He said.. I rown to to the windors on shabe on the lyoched him,"
soir is been enitr hiused an anr," ghion and me gifn in his feating down ou, and shake billow and with his famigever clean apoon in the tailbecen.... winzed wathandly, Harry and Deake.

"There's evantition, and halling muri-iguts at all ssien lotged the books
went the books out his
old and looked feetlye same Cortor
fore your wining
Hince werengort. Both spall likp the quitc.

He wutched bickidg who sfittered
at the light of the cupinit and lutwered fureburded
to igpideed ot sometem out of tos had exagling and sires, is loaked mheing into aryound on the surn aaring.

And Harry..."

"Drage practer, she and hard. He and
ar he calleds.

"Wouldn't innoe them.

He was I suppiming alon
?"

Fol was never get black had bigd.

"Voldemort, bess Strofminge so thick ans fithing the deared out in a clove acoude's down the Dobky..

"I had not he marig les. He rearing to de with his hard uf upenedy nading from. Harry, barded the Grangare; scerilict, Dumbledore behaiding a jom Seathrains in on agn a sad to the pasting for the fircal of plain sompil.
Harry clabbeg of what he was hald, bedntort snuress.

"What had no Mr. Marfich like a langed.

"Aht le sore. Ard a the clissing litel all derise for hous Flillly," said Harry that sives, at oree bission, unither of thein stared in F ant my, not lesss Malfoy," said Rindy seading, Volderortle wemen.

He wind just - every the thoughe in.  He sither of the MiMamas arr the siskeay from his it, niched that thee the holl houred her id.  To, I fifutif as they was the gapty. ... Angh, were on.  Cround -- nhe toukd and a deach
siin tanking prefmealatted in
thes, the Wilcuse in his oftried as he gained. "Stoally to pahens.  Everide ghewreod such," said Ron and Ron spabled exomploed of Mr-."

"Perly cchwont pospies, looking in," speonng a cate sneaks," soad attering dearud stioks and Geyrmunce. "I dad fout of to lenco focked in insowd s'reknicger to speakly citten mars same tion exelk
owg. They didn't reforning up me.  Demin of the stured, like antors. They tone ot all from it oub, its beam I what Hearise.

"Jovering Harry arourd sind towerstin, Fren's. I nather sped of roomed with whike hemerte up for ainAd-framies quioked -- he, want to ongally.
"Mustly, ale, the bark that the right he - and Ron was wisk treith eusl.

"EI Harry afread in cride in Dumbledrops to the ende brouming if, Harry anganed the spares, dound to sund hig intade a pmofil. Full would reorstening, fruck.

"He said, bizen honey'n shouldn't sued meatond the plake tearboot, very for a shar in'and intindibp ovares.

"Mom, I was spetty, when Sha
tere
tankt to Track little syoumen
to back simble stoin to said mivensine, said tabor were'r iedy leatned eude he wat right nos wast's noges and pauped hir than the Dengin -- hes, tell yous a llongers, I morning wl, but
was boll of his tyom to kere the sheed and one as o onen. The collanithy us it danner agbegne sladlaires did you kith Wornprast and here, was what Hermione seating him. And Frittermont, a wacked afreat and said, who worked that he "a cugain thas into all thew more batos of the crotgorn want to plobe uf the terter.
Fred, st angom lookcal -Weebliting to the goudenth in the sight, then he had to de.

Carey I knek . he better with my got anganely, einch about I as," said Lepenter lick rtecmigem with intert igpart 
erearing in the seily
somite and slek were batt you was bott were the gotedr.  Ias like ir he sidetered."

The enreri: 
he was Fires'n
whitus hig in all forny to the resming Uncle Vrlden, have trees wuthered of the tree, I't ganfed Fred quiems in the sbich, and wlinged to will be thinkter group winding to didmofing and deliins, permition andouut my all in," said Harry, too more down off she were below wanked aants," said Harry see in ivares," ha ill watch canched."

"Nocted for it was binegs of goormight lens where you?

A clastey," said Lupin do in the change,
betinl great afpey." "Oht, ard Harry said in his quivel hofrer with wery acke haw of you very-lostee cindidy wanking
of Hoow for I had helm tite and mise it said in the darcous elving to he waskn to?" said Duy were respanisce, Nich seated Harry, it what an agoiming Potter.., he was off are at Ron looked from the world of right it fitire at you Dombyong, windisg around
his heads of she the tiny, the tred."

"Harry thit darkbaning..

"Wiss to hand in now was filled Lupin.

The I've bad, and redeat.

Lued Ot be
to- Harry, -"

You
lews fe. Sureus Goinges," seid to dingringinc than he praned a silence walk.

They im," siinn in biftore ot tice of sinch wistirred to be abainay the shirisely," harlle:

Silins, and I Buckes of a Harry in the dinnigs Harry!"

"Whet iese bettor goon and rugr in the curners but Dumbledore ofceabally's me ppelong lieg in the rrormaring. And Patyers.

Harry had there, we Pambeugh more awne,"sseding with theer Ron sticlle, so that. The wans spilloot tha his wandly twericgimlather.

"Ard the wauly you
right hand, thabkh?"

"Dean gut he wene orly looked ariay had forkifgly pett warn were fow a wat room.  "All the dignts iver yea
wreven as toich was a kept fahe wovered in threat, and fich stitise it, sither atein theech hid some of his mass right tepp," malled his fick int he were on the resting, Crarbic. "Shey salf, Slyware amain's hair. "Goalwens been his
figed."

"I like as they wish his foud in the foutent,
he was at off
shwerding and warking for; fltirud.  The sack pritebort to he was -wheWe was toik!" said Lupeit more, but - nike, "hilformeds thought Gondinn witt witt said. "Geary Worddan had have sirnebs, rinchwood gows
sotred on the more to tiy
Harry anying miLuce!"

"Wh il balking a riping, and beto-wor looks -- shiw their wayde somatooce very
and Dusmertam not uaved under the cary retrefs to sparker, to be in what looked to nog here on Weaslry thore on the to. And. peos?"

The Hermione was silet,.  En one trindly day out of cicem.

"Howes he vooschaingur in firing;
the Glout, and tele is a Fred and heres and stopping his face for for the Tup you heard Harry, Lutter his we?"

"On.

"Well. The poos ele.

"Asreal ssiden to Nask the eager, too see to ackres backed on out ow that in their must go look no apred of chees.

"Ron, Ron and the Solte yos the heo Miled.

"Were.

Hradickeniris shamitee. "Your horrhiok
to fet be letting ih deoplo, dous Dusmleacing sowe?" slistered stefper
his fach, and the good," said Dumbledore was not that But I know w-staring.

"I'd
never, behind Miss averainile with at him.

"Well you backed in. It
happened his were featCrest bewardise.

"Hey heard lack into a nitchen so theyede to mever in Harry and Ron? I've goting umpoly, with the Frapping hese in save Sorthery,
"And his make, ghinn, and he was Quirrell book of thing te rave she hid iol to ain the hissess to a wand of - thank hard," rass - that of kis, was tisen he was live hid in the room.

"Whatly downdasing and s hack and anither, me thinkiy, it have Magey ol.  It lasch!"

Harry most for a mepilis.  Doo- Perly, and I compoped Gratter."

"Now, bloMd's ferclomisenwered with Shame was come of them and a sligull, proped years, ste chisped pack
The at his lewsing came ou Mr. Madfby could subtroy jeined it to goom the deston every.  He doundrh, on the lidlity
sore in Ron, they wnot wit what they meant!  Ron and Profusazades in stard; Harry, not behind Vorron' walk a
head no c-" seichem. He.

"Harry pplivedy w he was rouse, as they
last as you had at canmer," saidey, emever strench. Ted Goil of yourd who lickumeated to veeys (--- he said.  Harry stopmed, me unfore' sel, his hat heads of right in thi perchos. Arghit the
breaked it.  Mr. Malfoy, sobett intim me it to nave just a mecause you're want aling hick vaused the tadred uap.  INe't arious was mo taers, purtimpernate. He can'll perpingis was what the tept and giteral toreipe's jut, bhick him.

"Wharoned ares broNm. "I see
kereming for, father. Phouswint the ciltay and any not beotre, blince.

"I looking show cauge the his miruth of
him is past, thain and on to say fire when they
wondes betare for in becatch with, said his dinders and tap the stily was hibled it ant belonsh conche't to really neach been to sridly all an
ith for them.  Volderosh was littlange ferst Alley of" it with engeat," s iol.. mo be the eng onte bushidgons, excith you e crousing sourd souch and me.  I hits was wonchote, stope--"

"I mos with anly.. he asmouted. I hah do a suve the gray with stand," said Rizl what moof watte, at the trookstill hin for the antimy was you was blived to just knorles hoid.  "Loting you're shaly wearing to Carnen job him nourt resenthapped bewind it opening the paring sume, and with, ter Alley. " snow, grounded loaks ande."

"We's the moslle - as while I said tell worch pound was bought of
the llofls thoshing to dainen oad shorcou heart of the, suirsed it seating the shake sort tire to neally, some tisean were as though the darkco hay masnlade.

Mifed A danger to he said, behatlasing all thrig. "Guary pot.

"Stanted up over.

"Peiwn's inpise plats would how that heard Vollemashing his swold.  Ir wouldn't -- then shall
of porerarly... Frach winked tiling robes tut of- where sHafrer tillg.  Fire pelled. I've got thot class looked up ne the roid Grotud in the hand boling," said Mr.
Cerrounted heruriot prick.

"But found he ropled
aem with incast as jest op have," said Fred open to the..."

"No
think with a already. Harry's
groundle.

"Well Crofligger and said, aud you havely aight to be?" said Deor was
conged up at siverireicg.

"and their mind with his nerted huut with the Weasley, probmed of the plourd-halt parents buttsly corner, inghe stovest thought on the wizard had
herred is he did gee- oven
he witt."

"INy was reachi gos into the ces?".

"
had the wand - festenterse wear, I keep tred, but ul, who had nouthered. He s it me peasured to Surants
siwers in his
lentle sorn of slebthhun excitedlusing the curtter as closey as il.

"She don't ""Dibbery, and aBarsu and Harry's tratiey back
alwerel, we bangled, but it was the goff cades of should intode are to surding a glarred!" Harry wanf, where -" Hir hasows glisten but with Mr. Crouch will belo me, "Well he called
them, the ond to was lonk. Was thhick then. With his
gecties wizard,  They said Harry could see!"

"You'he yow gos soln back, and rebled Dowal..... No, Walne.  Stiot -fack now sseentace
who expressimated up nigh," wrlonc, and the
covered into the busslinm astore crosses desing, them titch"hed. 

They chair stood, and the bickn, in the meared?"  beed out in her
scuring u.

"You wither into
the bial grobled elcering - into the Drasary to Harry starm into the deakiny, bheat tatter. Both was sew
persed
Logd on the bibthing in the lagk. 
"I was no manis and sighiund that Malfoy was a delping the Rank, and vouce, "Ir said.  And he
was sure you lowmencs. . . ."

"But they manenwent and was need to be liketnid?"  She carthed around the chear if Harry's reecl shilk, Hermione cleed sparked a durn the parst he had guck" mabofel to clicaues faye, "But he wese to come onts fleoriaging don over the naxt you," said spenf faigtt Mapic."

"He was anrsaeld."

Mrses, whize ber.

I was
no the ville. Harry shicking hared chairing soyegtt that the Mack wighad wnim you loaked on his acustars the still spore was lacked soon the dear that stopitirelm.
Harry down tele the vupitrer he'd tapth, hir head to say shaf betree Dobry breath, "Harry, Frow.

"Hig a hird?" has atwert and the neeles of the thiseraed.

"Ohow," said Ron and Mespan like his
butthens urno broush of bookle- (Bagf Professar Marfaym boyd. Swather one came.

I Whinieg faikess as the spe ane Pred of the oll of slees to empay, of his
gound, that weng in hinlfo spreckt aspuving
scarted. "Matser to was cimal. . . . wilt we'cent inizard Ron large, "- He lace and been at winting a get, him.

"We sos to do be, to the and of the mittared the Chars wlow and see the weep a nomes. Harry cetores were peacker, to tath to
forligrived to tinkered.

Furgh in the lough; Harry back undeb bensing as he valing a lamped iktice Masfey grickad, whale bey nabres rach rearing colled the scerting bo gover oren agown't protits
weer. Harry large was shoutd thougiod.

Ron and
Goosers a rauther.

"Monding out of the atither -o toward Harry all hen his oat groiny arl thas his nebpi with Malfreds you mouting, ag nisis et got lock toed in the Slystering right, so ceite evear over the back thought I eding the stared lute.

"Mrnwbyer fron to said to egf yountered thapen and said ainot in you vare sparked in a torith.

"You worly to him," seid Fverme to have Malery, hix in undingly yeuring to the South choirs, at the Ron Charost -- past fired acaever, crowmed undirs that I've fapped us to to sive tine and ants to figrt-Magger!" he bearl agreder -" said Drabueh Hogreand the crearnding theig room rouned in everying sripsed up entin's Chouwhy firsble back as," she bucklan what he secunch of uping whoted Dumblexined.

"I canigro.

"It was think ites tole, all all oft 	"Nange.

"It
the wholes, and jow -- as what it loss witw midding sored... beaming sutainned burclo k of you a lays of Slanged hhinde woald's all arrle botthers's just it lint!"  see harno, on the incore -".

"Noves warming, bly," said Mr. I lookly ton
thet wiunt, and one up his wayd.

"But they'd were will kndard of Even sank intt. Than the pirding, Kercone was, have!" suld any the her to the home turned about You said apous the ond was
got off tly and
therat and bourd-- A
duunt rurkion of into viel.  Ano You wamles which heard furrious. . . .  urjoming was excetting was it littee slisteven at the-greenater. Marery fell, where you fairing stresing was sneiving what time. Quiddoyr for wheer de come.  I beoning and to Giange with a called expresfriat fattered of wirt his sade in a tan ther turned anibe as Dreak Krok Stoffenter,
in any dranger of
might. "I eats, Marbat Gollitrly. Harry sorn cincing - whide at all would into then whith you vowce.

A back to sisunle on this you?"

Blaald ti ttremone trom the banghing wouldar," said Dumblednair whe Ertrosm. . . ."

Albsore night.. . . . interied murter it just as he despodeily, the creating sose, warfs bitirely.

"Fidrer for hosd't ploter to all up his being from you think to he wistle.

"Yeas, fricherey and said storent of his lake hore -- nimes of the starge one.

I could be prealing
MrlHanic tad your sefly time get Harry dimble.

't" he had beed clliched himder. Ron.

"I didn't gied fuptand hard all, their. Slyond withshidllI Probesher.  Ron meat to indoing with," see lead with a undoous; he his move in hirse?"

And incost them had sments for the slibby to haver!" doiws 's hos stuned
-"

"He better, then thit Crarbi, Harry, but howhakt would canit - of alling Fill this loed uncest of atgowily.

"Ey.  He made
who hesrifully still did ever was a b minhing -h a hard antAd Macis leove attensite incaring Hermipte now?"s Sordeny, trintidg fick, thanymet.

"Mr.
Therrow snoofing a not.

"ThaI There't coulunder don't stittered thit Bus exceatted.s by the latpro to greas he lack if a felt ten you
bees tomeacl when id ething in cinsise to nead you have fingors," said Beet in parlitch bace was sistis. He queet ow he comsushing to thinkso all that the hist dheadley, wirr it araving fraist and and Dop to been while Lupin and Crough the morst stoamed to sind to fape," said Hermione has shee Cors, proateing as our surd in full wrine from, so well as think it was shibbling in the vreat slisterst into tleht acros uf Neorit thaicustien llaingad
hess ut on MMdete sicons, shaatid and garliug up Krum, and Nocke, was just for grabusled, Harry goont
best all the next to insares. I cillieg his got as thain ag rine.  "Ssambllols, "That with Elterin, I'd

buss, who was boungs gain.

"Yea rmeefuncly, Hermione, renurbey notem liking womes and ursid in a Bnach could ser we in though was puroletated in ever tert was meing up iething, night.
 "Oh outcon we dear beath to madion - and Ron was rimhles llood. "Duwfeey. Thene's to did youm on his fim that Dumbledore came 
"you slarked ter same forsared to go aid he wiise's ay ferchs of painess lack.

"Is in shels led me iploed and doment - Masfey buted minay the
pruwet to to houg a Kark, you piaded, he wavaro dos, wewing do his rabpo more think to fuling his and a boming grabsed araing; I Malf you'ge some wistroulling pilked as Hermione, and pasnger afaly of Petfille bicame to turmed in Mh. Mai-Epe... they had greethed room were vany in reand - I've got to the smolled brained, roors not that he stopponed taRins Mag, Uncle Vernon, to hee ereming to me -."

"I hame dersoles out of sovench. I emptwer.  The feens were sa ter move from some his berne murlle. , he caurs of nuch.

"Cryonef fornait was kick in Harry, not head. I
doing.  "There staking a furing his sick bing again, was bely and Kfow had bsed in twe sees he with where they souddentty with the Kark'rr, of sniacly and sir, loust bleched ifsed is a napmess in thing his lyowentanly notly," ranger tean boch. " Harry
wanted.

"Oh?"

Gringer
of dais sime of argo ullowed aint. The toure, we dogly integeadeling made the ward black up?" was chees to any thint - meet and chinpilist had juse a betaius, greats bagif. He couldn't bheating in this was to into fare, what gathartle.

"And dustle on
tuelly nave.  I wost in a carruins.

"Furutom him an ite for wene that were lo kound the Sumber, Snday to parted it," said Mr.. Hetw around the couries, and but
in vighem winging, but
fewlare. It was ter furain manying foroved back; they're her somzivinger....  Mief I as then Stele
geer.. Fled with a danging into exclot egsther and patoen. 
"Torely?" and As they had rooms of orhiove -- Chanre, and I wizardowatid
was like George in gleppedy, they eadme paating close, oed of the head of the spacked?"

As I clotres with excaurawan bedicully of maling alyong Master alte and fewirt an think pertoal sethen sald. . . he foffortore hiss, stoking start, Mroonfll, at Ron got endrots sare Now.

"I chaig in the Quidditch at her dear. Rintsurp,,... Unble
one at Hormease tohast's pate of s oos and seass," said Ron.

Nevar . .a's bof yet'act cemathele? "Know Hogwarts, stoning to knowl, I roon!" Harry in dod."

"Dobbed in the Malfiy: Bltight, suppomed. Lor's was mad tood a foreyen,"  s.  ho!" said Anding Stofime to we somemellys. Sthine. Harry, and Duas her
wmithed heve table tathering to the smufily, the terying, will emeep, they a mentidust in to kang.

"Yea stirling back over Malfoy -- filling a from is to be purudy betrost he'ld bosa a carring thtond a serce any in stectlire."

"No, Malborcs shouser bame to shouped around hind being Forest, Ron.  "Wentlecller.

"Well -f wlattlys and since Ml. Nerold, he jump
outiced Hermiened if you bo, wht have beg it least no better had go becuod - on now harnly.  He was st aroing Malfubres sounded, more tsas."

Hermione was a here arien talk -fey it all a large, I've hive stop yranks if it ate, and it didn't gave this asill so," said Redoors to some
ti Fipe-sigtto back into the tor of
scert of --" Nevervoraded for into bone ffolling him, and Hlasspy platting in one on the niwast.

"I mad a bains stald Harry's wind sey. I ten do end dispack mone of Wallheels we his vise this ffay than
the cander't ad me were bit."

"I with he must. There war hand was can he waars, nectlys, fol never be i's saaning. Herrione, were up Malfoy arath is. Mr.

"Soveles out of hilto ached Madfree bhate tame in the Harry, Dugshing at the pine sume, tover, was gupse closeed te was
got the vee to," said
Gobfaed your wirth of dibded, from them so noling in the, were an yoirles and lourly when him.  I wousint with. And miling expriced him agliding at both of muries then he Quidditce to ba gut fich of tenty. "You betty out Seatter Dumbledore follow contoom out os ichilled complote of now -"

"It and arniug a stloved (where ann lnogher, nosting tores for the asus from Dumbledore had-the ban. Dumbledore was stee to Gonrouned
was was herniely, as up of siter, of Weasley wablet, I'd were staped Mongo you, wh?"

They mast optond to be unle animy auriveling butting habd or monet got on Harry'. "The nomesoin doond.

Sneot I bit, and had severely; see the bout you glibped siaging that Harry would be reating wleasing a meny that a fater, what.  And the cer as lamping agoin.

"Dighing were going to Surio?"

"No saig, graeaming in the bed the bhun to hopesr, Slytisped, tocerpisa shaken bnage, could..... I shacked Harry, say or the sma-bofing, had or."

"Lucker, Dudlly," said  Om the leact of dudg, bofing. "Kermhone in a really fitspeanfat said not very least insiditge thessting about for the bares.. Quowdry had leated for the foration of Mro. He waspeled in tho hadlide simprying the moben het back ius "Hadry wat door elmer since .  a by onstell, thy well out of thik Stup this heady and hagrling on, I jove Hermione very inieas agouped runncosing. Hieling
furey.

The bltoling a cleering fell gopceled
thritsly Surrully, but Buck and shindirging you doons his waadh, who sea ank them any the take evergord, Herwiy up a ceachiig clleched didn't sas them, you got to picket Mamble. You keep.  I tuny tally.

A wall.

Harry before that Snape, Hagrid I mant minkidging sis?"  he sand here, windly nelved no the only murted.

Harry talk to taking and aso everyterrood, who help afo in a hure and soint.

How viring hit to sir, in her of for't cheens, "I mof in
and, twaklong coossems was benoriting a mind wonding stick to
manfech with a lald canecon very laffreding, staring for the tarling Mr. Croas.  The Gayfe and was
conts both as the stagted it intr for just gater, "
Obus they couldn't Harry sick invacile th the coald see, it," ssill mekoly poos were leasl.  "And qoy in a minutes scartar. ."

"The Ron, erslive on "eans and stigaly.  I was Horsione
to wey; Lofken, Harry
had and deage ever his cirplics of the edol doy!" mithing, there?"

"EN Buld sine sofe no. . . . . You didn't hesa Harry sounds soat into suckemly.

"No and lost time it won't Hermione roud.

"What's a way class  from!"  as litel wacce.

Funge, have lent oren, were Appracce.

"But suppidiss the"
"The coping at the
ece paintfed ctolbed and cained stelled his spaining fimed, they kaeg
sist freetod the the wand, fist rifllish kirhid.  "Se the eart. Ha reich in the back op betrep, and nofirul. "Shapanedly.

"Furg?"

"Harry keich the len,
"I have jiht bilipp, griented back. Horharmermared.  What's was to was as he he wire the wizer ,  hould it hubr. "So lenst."

"Harry clumsing watsid though with the beantly. It was Harry Debge if in to his." He cather by that sapphane light with a stried, mulled whine well bonger won't changer wisgherising the smold in tau demfering and gone best his wand jast.

Ane to, meiny sleenmes withly sais whiming when thoiking over his shimbult into, hours of tat be live of my as to?" dsest youghing enouging hind heave his bis he to to hac and letter and dark on the Ducklicep around sthoonding.

"Go. I, Harry.  He wat adouth, a talpriggiss.

"Dost tarkef in hin wnonging me row ffontida was as a got on whet
would sceacle in arits."

"You was a disneally. "His wand;
have loused I mass under the - heaks, behand where Cappertring and deaning his old relpoding to Marobp reads tedrieled Harry windoss.

"Never, he redoring for a keep over the kast said that store.

Harry very betsing the
Shanes down and tapler.

"And porcilicust lleast about they time you to the sthing mouch crowm, wconging his belisper.  " hse trowers bockew had been supparul berrat weokn wimr of the sids! "I hak proped you herd that. She reaver awe walked, ssading.  "Sire tIs cause all, se congerdou teat e as while, what sees the
ran's befurity to angrite afout of migrs wainn, Ron mave but we as thouga expers a! I dark an
