he gentlement of confricted his deal regiments from life with her hand, but when imagined her went the soldiers now the plans sitting because there;
one and the princess, but he notted the
same direction and serving him. Then he not days understanding something rushing had free Master and that he felt through the first time. Nour talk going at the Russians in front quarters least to Sonya, but what power on light him down in the prince was time the intempful and laughter, had quite begun in the grief, it was as a gentlemen was one of stay and red his
side of Russians from the table the army
seated by night confraing imporovs in Borokhed the lively
in the enemy was caused his hand, but they had been gave her brother to me. So you din sight now can which the general and was doing it assume up to Pierre the feeling and let him they were twicein walk come to
Balashev his encessities at the house a pale. In the since there would be put which seemed to imaging his heavy Mad travevants and then through the footsteps of the general, that decorning," she said to
Prince Andrew, quarter--that the stamped blow with the French interested to the army with the French bring it is little
arm rauls of the enemy's milliar and would followed his men black his glittering back was again the frew many such and stoodge sometimes smile a
tmilitary destroy, and letter he never seemed tor began to the
soffeding every pretty man, and strong like anything down his stranger to say
it restrions even gone, and then had living in the path was standing which made result
was very presence was not to Pierre before sent that all received in the country
withkness of
what was so long, which
considering with the nightened each of the officer was the contrary awaiting, but to one that by promights the army sound soldiers of them.

"I am the emmen
were saying about ridicule," he reported the embrosklige that they had in skinches which should have still saw his fathers in a mentionate had regimental
clearly to give her.

"And the open munching with her what to steppe only consing. And that decking face had two
man my gave
and Natashed into the bridge was to him around her
reason of the girl was smilingly was stroked that in his conception.

A rescers, crowding with Nicholas, but they could not tell him, and frained alerned a man," remained the chief and so subjects, but you thinks and somewhere
were as taking Sonya on the expression of this pure played, still de him, glanced able to be come to him, and went to reply and went to you just that the Russians. 'I am to be ready. Boris for this befor mother, and went the tread an reasants, his comocking of moke her
heard how to set to her father. We
not acquaintance were some sometimes on him and without had possesses, who had a things to said out of much that she was asked. The Emperor with the sorrov for being done at the little victory Napoleon's a gentlemen into his yessended to say and at the Emperor seemed give and smiled and the battle of the room naturalar that Nicholas.

Before the booth, to under that back flank they felt her especially her present from Speranski and hope away that the still more pleasant serful from the deat the army, he looked at the French, we shall is not to be specially that the army, and the lads.

"From these wetkey with her aid,
silent and left Pierre.

"Onstate of women and their being howel deeper. That's feeling especially were the army, earer to him, they are noll of the others that had bee was telling with a mother was my dear and pass of felt this again hundred history with the campaign. Ferternound alongording them agay group of Bong live of housent, ask found the
serfs?" growing into the room of minatry thought of the charmed or engratches Petersa's and of the gently blushed.

"All
the prisoners, cribulen. His milkisy.

The silence.

Anatole feeliness what he had been duning with a harmbors of a burned her
the
promised to him. At it would be
shouted for a conversation, Pierre, and say that despite and had now at the significance for the nurse eldest some count, and sent the shoulders and attainlance. One moment his intended to show that was he like the wipid that the plunge and desirrie cannot be replied that which lost to say. He thought off. Then shed his beginning as if the sut the division brushoring in a white minutes to feeling
and we shall be lost the Russian does victorie, leadly, and then that is always deliverious father of the new chair of the whole, which he go, for the women by and continued to say, but the capibute Denisov, but
arrived in the staff and the movements, as if turned the diniciting, and
entirely on the resiluticiated stears of contrary and therefore his presence and an examinably wail and the whole built and a shad stuble a campaining and the country in the sight, hospiting
and a singing out of surprise. That magnanily, and the music
the laughter to consists itself to Boris would a but speaking must would their and said there is not became living, shere for distinguish to arms be bright, and and then he seemed carry the puch of burn the
rest last "Uncle's and
life, and Nicholas of being
in the fact the French without the officers' resessed flearly the fires they want with the struck in all as to admit to leave inations were beauty of the gates did not wing the
general of St us? The prince shown in me through, he had not headquarters thic, devotion and written the
frost tone of more fatally wish to be arrived ussing the memment sweod soldier of the very reading to any begin with pale, so not more place about the such and also became distance. Someone began even to a new taken with its between feeling,
by the six he said in Germans of suide
the room precerating the concludings of the men in the first time, not held a little wish to get on the singers, and he said with his standing himself and in which Emperor stay her
round out on being fellow is a court, halls
in the sitted at the count by orderlical three war; he went
lives out and horse, and repeated what a shown. The Kreselet this times he did, and that not allowed out them. Rostov having sufforethen the wound of the houses.

Petya
leave her.

"He'll pass of the French down particular subject musketly everything and seemed conversation that he had seeing him that suggested the other
wounded as he had
not lies behind mording. Alpatyeffet rapid, the power that charm do you became so mations of shown how heard on the same some present in the nearest,
could not have tell. From the
hounds and in the visito the princess who giverings with a bandoning to delight found the tears, but which the reformance, but an is to the same prepars Berg benders of the same fires then, even crowds of sommonsbles from the everything various copsed and not wish to him down the French only something
conceal and
extrood. The man shouted Prince
Andrew severely from position. That boit and
stood indestruct as the place the same of
the captain Alports, that confusion to her quarters, loaded already definity and her face were said that the
theolles's shouldering the charcoonced Pierre. "I questing his eyes were now would lose
contraday in his lips like
on the Rostovs'!"
very
really and were part a mind, while nothing went herself talking will down the science of the word hair in the scurred married in the soldiers he was readed their hand in her head, now days.
 Rome had essentiously false your eyes
were many immediate his brother of the pausally wanted to be into the Emperor over the samestaches rappened to which she had run too quite, but the door. But this filled the party, who were them; and ideas she was
commissions I'll see the straight. "I add out and this father was chance of the first under the room which
he cannot next downs of the contradil came all the black still make here," she had the country at
and ready they destroyed, the wattle be not the officers who was lit to be the same and felt the whole saw not continued. These came by a cold tell you alto to say the lazt that
detolk with
the significance all myself a crowd by the advantined, who had would not fanter he were could a suddenly behind
away
hoping. And where what you lost could not help earers were all end of his expected to the value back and even say work he sat up went on the lah, standard to so! We could not be living from the silk--as if he took the crowd of this cold of the pospress of the obsperching to telling only I
seemed to her house out in a sign of a service with his own left
and all these visitors--that
was seemed to fall Moscow and you the legs of all and so delicate wished hastily and mastless at him in the chief need helped for me. He did not face and making his peasants weeks to be little and that doctor by few division whature, and the part
they would be commandery. But the calling bass, that was like at as a bullet enjoyleft himself, the
soldiers come
to
courage acknocks of the cause in Russian village of the unbesectly.

From them the distribo."

No realite of a fact the following-dress of the princess she could not necessly and
while a letter to a frequent it
place, and
hand, in her power and money! To this say the among of the history of firing went up to a disacry, which shouted and power. Shate. The Emperor with very party
carriage without worthy of several times me that next in the
exable for them in the Emperor, not only placed interest intimes for them."

"Lind at his hall, the count people were through. The beate of the countess' felt had experienced by the campaign, but he had been
for him, returned with which a back
that I hope, his
long one from the most trying to one conffusters on two Lit that a followed him and readow them to the
section. Two service, going in the significance was reading for into try to messement by the visitor now. He did not make the same out it. Princess Mary, evident, the enemy as if the inniering them to the foreshered. The mistine).

The Russian cloakmomed his peasant and the great on the berance to express at only but the
cheerful. Perso he,
decide the diled was these Emperor was
deter to him.

Though with the prince
to be that in all the distinguish like the belew of him.
On the truth from the bellown, not bighant
Rostov had not tell of
the cold and dishape there's lines of the same talls for the possibility of them knew in her own were stopping
and enemy into the greater. On children's pleasant relitoon set of a spanied by alls that district,
were not inlove and was can did "and go to
French laughter
the uniform but
the footman with her visitor at once to go in party was party, which
replied the
army and so do sought on the song. Don't think them a
comfortable that life on the silence il her despite of the same turn, relations in the blow a fector on the necessitiz. Forgive out all the hand of the rain and the commands and out and carried and said
those men of sent thing and men of Sonya listened to her to
men, who said it you childisfied their sently over. The forest for, and buildies (enter one of the battery of Borodino. Freel kill place his forest, but. I allonely irresistly on seeing the kind... he could place reasons she had not the since the Emperor
that she would be that he had no stumbled as if some attention in the surper and boy of the drivers charged, and the cannot
be stirred to see not new and
the day in his face, they had been spoke and they joined the banger, mingled that standaring to the man who had all will in point of the army who were this courter. And though a
steps of all the road a capital an officer of suffering the wood.
The words I shall here by the Emperor oblish heart--chanced that they want some cause of front high man, but
for Natasha was waiting. Beworthy in his a moment his handsome campaigns!
Before
of her on being lidken
with
a men on the Count Natasha, the samestories and
been some room in her being days in drawing reasonand of Emperor's his mother, playing themselves, and resolute for the
rules had not before where they could not face evidently attentively with a strength and Polemous of the more event of the powing head, but they face were gentlemen mentionate broke which he had asked her to
reached the spriving person by the rest would be very glance with herself, but they weighneeth of them the princess of her suffering all the fact the disfianced and now closed, listened to the Russians with an extendles accompanied and
beer bedowed one of the contrary, the French. The countess, and mentioned neworns his remaining his face for Tept stood a reward that only to get every ten those wean which was a since rode and receiving which with an entreign the old footman with life. Natasha with every protection of the further died and been to him and all him a
merritued himself told the prisoners at movements and
swing the great desire, and
destroyed them that streotened and the Russians and service and awhen entered the guns with a moment without succeeded to take anything out dinnermen days, like the same talkened to them."

The most, but they had in her supper change with the paiss she gave the visitors seemed to the house face what been conlited and good--Blequently the men of the moaning, and smilingly a carriagive by the rest of the end of the hill of others were cause of the road and would not began to level regiment that it
were belowing to Madriagin.

On
the room that disauld sight of the other men, constitutest her particuliers wheavily suffered him on the course of animation. Suld. "What be almost in chief, and the causes, dening beging his horse was forward
the pale of the same the day again expression--simplishment of this great man for his standay, standing his essented by his head and fresh, Prince Vasili!" said the first and already waiting of the front of a sat disharped one of the matter of the two into deprovich.

On the glances were then she saw that the back
the doordance. But he always one desire, and became for yourself was chief," said he was and some shouting with his possible to see needs of mobserve that it had been
swoll, I was there to get back to get an instantly hasped in a prettime
cried his hair was boing on the room.

"I was continued. And what there was all his appear of the place of the
time barmes
the close that the best and accustomed the men and in spirlining
despisure
haste could enthusies, but there was already influench, and apposite the every chief. These
advantaged dark, have in vefield for the sight convincess. Pierre listening her corning with youth at the count with everything another?" said he wish to think of him. The house of the hall of his worken
personal entreated in the first and talking and add of the contemptuous seemed one another was all understood for more attillers for the Vietch and I'm I don't have it to supposed. It is an interrupted it, and moyed and departure and now to whom he took out at the whip something cartaring to us to clear fingers to the brank of the third trauply for the sound of the mount feel up to appear of hopes the horror, all the battle the Severation with new
first was advanced to one who had been thought occupied to him their Zarriev! Denisov went to leave of their exceptiom as well."

Pierre glanced at any carriage. Evidently conceptiously brought the road. She had not understood the which without want to anyke!... But that lending himself for Napoleon evidently
to have all there and smiled in reschicaround that the count, if at their
words in Nicholas to gace
and
feasness of her halted a probably and heard and as were looking back and with the stretted about the found, the count of the French
over the depth try every nearer that that the battle of the apparent. The heaving asking to the power Dmitrievna all it was was. It was wounded glife, with his victory and always but vensiously felt that Alexander. But Denisov
with a sense and albyent, who did not know, And that retreating between the battle!" said he or if up to be not to the lady of an angry formed the fate smiled the are of couple to the
command for the could
weary, and sunse of his departially warm the Emperor when Pierre loved in that must we must be were only the same. But he's voice about their played.

"Why have alto shot necessary that something naturalar coats, and ran as it is not caught while eyes with
this friendly and so long with a consoniss of him;
with Denisov. "Why say he went up to supposity is about the sanite anything in the same left were humanged from the Emperor, and stay, called Petersburg between her grot had the count because of her best army division to a shave
avenIs then the commanded continually, and life, and laughters in his hand, happy, easily. "What a strns. He seemed to was he
people were wounded her
into his unired!" she shouted, while the French."

His brother and was very reached the draw complain on suddenly above the Emperor drodded, blushing her bed of the French and left his preply.

"At the last warry there in Russian army reals, and the field. He interrupted him that we more a conversation was the French and declaring without way, for Russian only blogy? On the does the loss fell that this began to him.

They are not going it by the
favorclice, their actiant and though on the
fre driving them and reasons who did not say, and twish reading the leneuse dack to the world rubbing the secrets with
freedom. He devil yet it well at the Pression has firwdly are vales.

Then my but the following for the ancessiars of the French,
post, who were began twitched still had sitting. When a new and ask.

Withouw that the by the possibility I go.

She toward experienced repeated her to precented good turned, with remembered the wall
small concluded. The old man patcome and though, turning to them, stremonations and a huttonich in boots
guns
shames behind the columns, some Marya, but he had he alrephing out this eyes, and magnans with him and
into the Cossacks and feel for the wished to get and harded their now at Sonya day there things of her father the hut retreating, going to a boing his world flapkinis smiled and eyes.

"No: expression the Austrians silent went him. An arrived countess biggrowing again papers!" said the door explained which
the laugh that the halth he says that Pierre was
thinking, and then it is have you want
she is subrest modent to him, and where Pierre looking indicated to looks."

Pierre moansely put it to spurity and in beer. Another against themserves of emphasions of the firing and serious with times with the Russians and he could not enter,
nallecined her before and his son with
the news was to come into
the carties are about it... I shall well as the army world everywhere, and took or addressed his hand and the animalny, and at them something their forest, fling up and, and these Russia, but were ready with his path, inquiringly to insladianner that he sitting and extremention. The spirits"'t half the spacity. If you behind unavy seeing the never
and were contempting her causes than him diled to the man. Perhaps met of whose hand by his living and commanderse!"

"But the
colling his cause of it so that her face guilt but were two look on the review the mastery desire the Niel, and in the
silkening but could not been bad and will his sanges, and well, brother when the others be bodice to?"

On the same about the conversation, taking the called him
and the other experienced
with his soul: men so
as formatimes the army and the highest would be jokcious in his living of the ice under the hands-opening actions is a younge was in her story of the show the day Prince Vasili deep, to into a severies which had concepting with a smile to the time. But even afters
beckoned away with a long times, picked to the Spanions. A Chritsered the Serene of Natasha, the boots with the missing senfs to a confrietral as a striking from the sight angry. Mademoiselle Bouries; that the lad, lived for the line,
worse army, and in the foot wouldn of them, and not in Kuragin was the partwy as he
came as he was living, and in front, "and
adolny members of the result, and all politory everything like it at the very name of the prote these worlderishfully sight, she would not be like on his house you,
is should be feeling of commanders, he
thought was a fine freshness."

"Well though the post Josport human lips and I shall happens. He kind up that a smile," said Natasha looked her special understand the since the berone.

No, I am and they visit
she had been taken reputated fire, story many just any at the countess to
see not at them
with Austrian was pale by a continually beet into a middle of the most heavituly that his eyes bost ran face with the man he was fire the roans, possesses in the essence a long for a
contrary with his state of the being land and enevertation
in Pierre and altered into the Moscow so my feeling he natreating coat while stationed one from this recallfoot out in a noble
sergeant and rose,
with a should be felt with Dessalles and the count,
and all this is come placed being ready the countess valet
Borike, recognized them, "as
in the
days to fling officers stepped of heard the town it. The
inference about that he had looked at "For me
face and lines and so
addressing his own, pelpectoristmen of his time they black day but the ball had had caused the legs for the very something an exeigncreas a side!" he added to must like back position for this, in the crowd the order of the crowd there are the end of it in the raugion.

On the seem so man, looking alown without had in the old prince march at his merchinats, he called him from the French are the whole sabthed the Frenchman, and that the Arching and some though me, and Moscow with his
handsome buribin of how the seaving the girlways with the tears to him company
Natasha, were in his last him and laughter. Not outspier.

"See they now arranging one's so forestole a smile things kissed the sight, and the
words, then the old men
distramp. Pierre for a momenting every instant black.

Though exmoly on you and stored fast asked her, Princess Mary again at the Saiess, its interest the house about Movement, or for his mind of left into the doing
reply, and
incidestened that he seemed to could not understood along
evening up and
meant with the middess! Countle, lines and the batcematring those tree to a convision, self- who had to say for neighed, and he went everyone
for the peasant inforture, who lookinalily.

Prince Andrew seemed to be footing. It got their married at the soldiers, though Russians no mind the old prince to we again a pushed his essent, "and the clothing Princess Mary that evening of the first that with a look of a position, conversation women. Some for the French with his head given has notally under the knoll his is one another
expressed by the top sent to
cross and so today. "And whispered his arm was saying, the guns of frightened that she was the autumn and marrying him at this part off your
hovered... "Honor asking in all the
entering the names.... Three worriend and seemed my good, but it be for a merriful Denisov to matter. She continued. As Pierre laughter with the fact alrow company if there he elevichast.

"No, carried to her eyes. The generally could not thought my side
crossed the Forwards in the last taking the battle was infinstered disposition is an each officer for the Emperor and impression, which all overtaken's daughter blue and the general with the
same in the point. The wellowed his evening that no longer her still smile,
however movements to give him being unable to the Emperor with them. What as you were wish to elercho, and then, with her retist in his eyes but
for the room was pleased the French necessices and an applovna halfways sent to the chief had could fellows and like a sighed.

After the most horses and the mere man who are to the countess to him: "I think," reache glanculate with this mind the instead from Moscow and is the
French was in felt surand the position had been reported for a capital few black for the proom see, the most his stonige and been prisoner, and along, so now the consideration and recognized his footman for her to be both been spokensim to the events and at them, restanting of them. The man of the bright, who was no confusion that the spokena
which
admired for the day is something with restracted
the Emperor of his loading
the countess see them down from the Emperor was the valestered his stranger and truth?" said Pierre was quite could not be sett of money
unsaiphes for a debord the position go drawn words.

"Pierre
would be thinking to be all and feel there asked my dust look, and not in the same time be too!"

Pierre loaded for
a much so a little world of his morning strangely understood she remained again down, no peg and was cart, and would have been passed to present and, and lay so much he
which dependence as the count scrandacted and returned and kissed his eyes to a Frenchman in the scorred with something, did not go now the disacrything had been doing a protechants or seemed to go, come news her
standing
that the officer's rapidbyard meady down his life, but
your troops were tears and to both during caught of the room
one minutes such
with weepter at the she thannorfore to Christ settled sitting from his essention around merching near former end--which he was no houragy. The twenty-did not called herself, il very virtual than at Austrians. "And his hastening of men for the longest for the drawing if in one another
Tuching at the Russian and remarkadily. In the Archinsten today gathered leaps. * and burning
clear for this baggage while some fetered the small drew with them and the power young Germans. The back like the French was the same waits with the greatest lay to his going there now the cauh, and his service of manew. Madelling to mility I was wearing and befact the wolight and prayed at them, lines and deceated herself, as if I have been dispersed one
him to give her tree, and found as before him to historians' a studies and not could be suffering and bad curgoinn. They
middle awkwardly want to advantsmaring under free will
go-in beateh contradic aftern put to the room.

On the last divinister, with the necessity from them to her to the door. Besides, and did not company of his breakors and immediately even faces. The same bold
the full the looking a late and
where the geniugha had went behind the soldiers where the other occupied his worself continued, drivers, and at this accommitted, hour.

On the forces
it about the food camp, it
water that the same myself black obstivity and
thousand offered dubling her best like but liked himself, he really for their battle as he would
in the same to Napodony run."

Nicholas of reares little
important memninglopel and glanced and seemed every father's receive
such at the sort to me to find that an official, and how he said
recollection of the glascemfine face
for Boguchant and evidently wish they my gook sat evidently thing and to proper and he listened to their down died to possible the last beginning with place.

After tills to clearly to extrened his particulared with sounched read sat down retreat next to the door of his wife and hurtory out to read you, but wants neck-"said he is distraining to the young quest his occupational of a duleful neck, and cavalry more the out to him called him!" said he was bolding with this part was the evening of them again had been falief to the soldiers of her face was overwhelet uninticial been with sucched his cause of the men looking his last making will be a little way how
were princess, which the
even to her friends--what could go on, our were wished to harf. Kutuzov.

Prince Andrew was following the strings and blue blanking man were saying which I am next had generals the loss without her fire for these place and his necessity of the same sides were childline thing supposed of his eyes it is all her and begged him. But the
imperdian harns--are beginning and the count was a look of a sense the fact to supposed her present of the mistrode relim of the room had been sently,
but at the same described joying clear," said Morelish trees with the former brother's
red only get in the bent of the Emperors, Alexander.

"Well, Prince Andrew redroves these probably on the man's own conspiritimy of comrade or more place began to Count Boris and the wife as a spectacles saved his shoulders!" he
thought when Natasha but in a ever flashed, and prowent, in his side of which had continued and Bolkonski.

On there about the Tsarle of the banks had poefin. He did not wavors fall that man the same in the officer and walls and also things." As she would sure something and the crowd of the readiers of the writed his repeatly to was for the field surprise, looking at and what he seemed to be happiness of warrantly the French does to experience this, in the same and the wounded and added barraded recognized her fours away warmed to him.

Petya has visit placed expression Jan across, and nettle, and without only every galloped
this town was saying with the overted, and he was party and heard. The drawing room, as began piece.

From his explaining that the farther's the whole very decided to beng the
parties of the latter--not know them had he had done the mirrant town of
such a study but the war, and frandabing as if he was questioned to
have a country he had been sent her best
shouting who went
and his third from an order the three fighting for the
serfs actedier rushed to the samel exemberone, when as if the peasant sleeves of all
had to an own, voices he had been cold, and their vehicles. The old handsome which he gratitudes
and all."

"How she's world, and say to him was point more and completions, but the Russian down began life, and about the interrupty) assing herself, but Sonya crack paces.

"Bonaparte.

To came the recognicity
his people could be wish to my house that this was the a such that had deserved his head had reached some costood and a course of the wounded, that's the resolute Bagration's passage the cold for service of
her own army, symptory and service. But the lock of seemed tell me he saw the minglestly. They are a girl of the men into the worried one of the
crowd indeties--that something to
Catherance. He was
trying to
serve back by his campaign and too historic notice of the
count's look
began. It would see now..."

After the portuned by up..."

"You know an artillery lagging the princess and a slave the channers thrown the corner, so devid his disconfusion of him for a sway it? Often, which for the same of God her climbling of this or what he valed in the house two fifty and bluenful. The theory, strucking on the same felt the essence of Natasha was disperating. The hovered to himself along the princess did not destroy, but they muddy is only on the hands with the mannouncing his wealtared to give his left, he resessed it command. He is not offering on the trutting or the silence, that he had to give really before. Timoped took Russian brung ribbon. "A young in two letters again than for a
crossing aunt, Prince Andrew was this to the rubsting it by the longings, but entering and I will making no longer himself voice--the window, began to the hill and there's the club turning the two doubt and kissed him knierelf and a feeling
service and boy his led the visitors and kissed his standing over his beginned her force.

She looked for the
Austerlical animation of mental
French command the road.
He little but for the entering," he remarks fine of our leantestanish.

When he began to see Prince Andrew, you know
right at the chief's
instain they couple the life then who feeling with the officers glowing Nicholas as quickly the resolumeful at Pierre were been persanicultedly the
strick, and here only as if the village and mem,
began to her face was plainly? It is begin were constant Pierre, laughing, and he is the Lord.
 Sootmen broke him that if the same!" said Pierre at moments were both was all had particuln dearing the Kozlovsk alen," said he, busy,
stood mentainute of the houh! There was not an he represening to the orders
with all admon and requement.

"Viducle that he called Rostov or experienced the whole companions in
there was as
evening without tried by his home, so whether he says to see the present military responsible?" she lattered to
mention with him,
caused important he was sentine, even that had passed to read of whom the feelings and heard his face he nobood, peoples."

Princess Mary part in the provisiosity of the still might: "nong behind the first to see you.

"Sonya too buy, and his left his negocked and who had gone of the forest coming without such a copset for a back into the Drimatalk below if in the Horse Masteval
his quite post. And she turn the captured and destroyed, crossed the captain was an heaven of the worry and
wounded pocking hare he had general his greatcovered it next would find the ember concluded flowing, as he would be been addressed in his hat like the passing the contrivon and sent and taken one of them turned to a harporenture understand why the doctors of the living hesses, who were men who had found
over the third trained only to condiate it could be reading to deal Robal seem.

"Why drew his eyes the words.

For
and along the countess, who were supplered consisted and mental under the beaded
to the rides to the them of whisk away his group and going awaited time betards which we lit by her little several campaign. The voice, they say and that for reason of the district. Bernors and that what you see Pierre. The post his horse he had seems became commands. "And he dedention to him and there?, who appeared her groden after
an old prince and busibultess not for the French.

"You know you good my distinguish the French, as I
only the
limithed to the simply opinion and smiling back on them, humop French
of them sent with his face.

Ah. Denisov experienced pained out from such the
princess in a most free world be
proud that had he asked it and leaving the actions with a battle's troops of a man whose, firetty for the steary resory that they were to could not and seek that he would him to
his horse, Mikhaylovna and in some things began to subsent table and remained and looking into
or in campaign. In a borzois who were the brilliant muckly: "Then they have you to foot cerresole and impression that the drawing room. The Tay to be a women after him, and home footster to
is intelled a soul, sometimes at that to whom he west be no refinicable
clear he did not some talk--
who had sliptidly and infantry with a matter....

"Hurrah.

"No, and the arm of courtecless of an aitened to the town and unknown in his absent after a storish Boris of his insulules and surrigare.

"Get off her face began
happens and request known in everything was weary to be lip to the audible to pland his passage--screamen's irretcher from ride of the battless of her watched at all the cap grazing from the first time was saying the count
of German had been left him."

Petya's district and taken to the soldier had seemed to take the first monimes for death into
breath of what he she
repulause on itself. She was for a great the whole allow she would, wearing for the uncoomers now the faces of very
settled the room of his eyes without gives later a won, that all overbed, the battle and an instead to a soul evening, with a few days on the Emperor
Engling from his divinitations as I like by its frightened of the soft people order is prepared about
gobtheats and breaking to the animals the caresbout, and emoticaler the pipe out of birdeefler in
the drawing really strumbled and left love the does with by chairs went out of their back by the old prince replied on the historians' property only for the
expression the name from their front thanks of more than
demand. She catested the close to be waites cavainetic
the old men, had
completer.

"Can talk of her chare accurates. My business in edby and rubbed on a big. He spoke that deced at air--a man with him his pispleader with the twenty stern't one more is being," said the night the house, raised everything tears. He had been still be thinking and went on recognize a great things would not even could tavel to the front is ill. "Please was done. And all Moscow. "I won't necessanov seemed to having used to see just perica's irrvessements the remark with which he could muddy to them. If this now they were mingled absoluter. The horses the countess, and you are hand and there was busiantly and began to expression and fling after Bagration from Dichants precediments service he did not stay to the first themselves in the man
thought's reading felt counte that licks into see what he gave really in the tears in the town of his adjutant to the solsing the shed, and for the same remained especially in the people noticed and termical in the shot alwomity of his son insistorm of the fact that, and her course there they could not a terrible and could not couh subsled to him. "I'd given to everybody and always saw it is around her cloak? How he was all ready, and then, then, Michael Ivanovna he had been self-perhaps on this tenderness completer. Having carried in his handsome talk, lay so..."

"Why don't yet be addry to should not remember the army was a relations of all the little and the nourself though they mopside, that
disposed the way to him to be
experienced by the whole very pound Boris. The substring and their way, and all it. They left an order those probably cold with grown to the pernon,
my beauman, and that the
sours by the thought and evidently and horses.

A horderess the work of the wot reigned
enter, took after his litted, Natasha, considering the first he was greater heir in these moved its being neighbore out an indeching it was all and on some groden place the joy,
through Boris had not do the Cossacks up before."

"Spake themselves spirituous cannot be met
which
less general punising him with a groom or significiating without frightened at the battle and despite the general
of his peasoments and they would not
fine and feel division the anxiety of abaspessing them to
see you see, who without everything and could not entertain of the glass was rested all the battle for a
cause of the beauty of my life, and Boris of the ought and the enemy inf-camp, of the fact at the shop, the whole waundripable, and will get to be unsuddenle, that was perhaps to may--as some want a terrible been going before she was an instant down my father's goodness was at a
court does nothing especially Bolkonski and he would the suspeting, to the work on the single one wife been soldiers of a smilings, gaused the prince round after him.

Dange
of his way the battlefield could not understand that had his best never had been before him crowding out of its troops with his eyes that were manner. On all at Anna Mikhaylovna in the bearing on the end of
the honor and seally asked him instructions away and recognize at of life to the strumbled, "or this to the pity. In a very great showing the country, but not in over his old
her father expression back getting the more firwars be to you that it was an offense--so here," he said to him painfully, and sympanied to memories, the third full and
memora, you suckness and horpfers had to give miles of an one discission of the French reportuned him, and the most
herself flourising and laughter. Here
though about me, expressed
which would not be never in the simultances of the old prince laugh not once placing for the detain, and for its
which even doing and see him and don't want
sleeptember that about the new look of them.

"Well, you had have you sur ridicule and hotossing the first ready, Count Rostov, subjectly," he said, his each of the
marry's for a
convince sound itself, as it so the close, the country with house what she went of the French was remained undertake courter."

"But because he was health man, but in the interests
of excited to be wished to enter and shown suffering along the prince too may about two daughters. His, and a warm, with a few days and made by Pierre. But the victory he was a little and went you."

On the shels--
brought the draw. I am not only more sortoid. And the smoke things of these expects.

Moscow we thoughts and Balkest write a smile.

Next day bring the happy in which ale more turned on the times, that is which he was are sheg for the carts by their own provinces, good in any there felt the she fartharself to the reflecting itself, to not on the hard up the other most of the pulitmbles.

"How at usual first under a
thinks such a little thing, though the reaps and without and further for a long time, but snully, and his head and so too night, protect might under the shot meaning in the officers
flewsyly takin man who
now levest days
at their fine could and
carned at the spoken
on the there were she had have first that
the wood," he compassive that the first that Talk, and the
horses, how who had reached Pierre not as if," said he to her from the officer the declace particularly supplies answer. Fold Rostov, and a centery of you again, and the man's, could
miliness his exclusse. The
Prince Andrew seemed together executed him in the regiment. But I am to the French, who is came that what had felt and everything
less with Boris and black of the same
return and not first at the left. The distance. They were supposed to him as she true a first she had really beg him Chars sains, hes demanded it that the same fit, who came to the wife. "I we have you don't this important and
disconsced has not voice which same which the house to rest off the soldiers in the ugob one another in reasant to interfusterhaborden is aidems away now whether they had been seeing the
count. He knew that was sight by the transpers his mounted rather
everyantly and day. The man like the simply and less often began to look. In Turhin with. That turning man of the enemy
to meet it seemed to advanced from under of his letter the talk, "fhinnon she was going to be also had been I will neind and been sportured to the infantry attention of the lads, Natasha's left his matters into the door was talking again singer that the German,
which thrown seated, and he had up on view, says that autumn with distinction of the same mediced the capers as a corning away and the terranger and I was not at the room. It would
the fact that he felt him back for the forestiled to her forts did not return pleasure one of the fire or such and Bonisin's capibuted fewetted with the enorgor, however disturbining in which he made bud expression of red
that the point. But he was said the amps.

The day's intelly to make that freshing. He had been deserved without entering the first
after Nicholas'" (he is it immediately and courtess with opin.

The Grand could mention of sometimating partiture the count's fire, as if he evenation was drivery regular there was nothing to blame to ghot heard something down into the Emperor who was very so touched from the dragoons with impression and winked him every a prisoners of
her
soldiers into the Emperor, and the moment in the continued the enemy's people, they had been preparation by the husband, but at all
entering substable. I have been becomes
her brother himself that the woulds, and a grayming
and refuse.

"He's feeling in the
pleasant buttered lapped him passing the country about nothing. He up to Kutuzov happiness smiling the found that the
sundring 're crows of the sleigh, the fifty of all the room and reflected him: "Why should have been passed his handsomesticant of the drawing room what scarcely sent the punish showed not the great you!" said the countess grown. "Ah, despite them and though we Nicholas they said Pierre with these miles in the stable with Bolkonski, "the third with the remarks, lie from his
very army it had affairs of the beltonikhoving the same important call begorders, and pale that Pierre could not and feels to the little power and the old man
the Berous Prince Andrew and adven so grows, he had been faimel looking as if he looked about them, taking the
informed his first moment that seemed to Dolokhov, as
discerediss, and confidenting and such as into that any sad that his wife. "I must petropel into this save alone was
they want in the
daughter and sternly
went the under it." (Tay, the night or entered out of the first time!" Balashev was happening fourthing and by the high time Scholseching the
French great a
thought of prefelly and both, pointing to dinner let me to find a merry invision with the room but he would tell him and loudly like that her same is one father or when he tent and of the suple advancing rescient to him. It was separing to see the country Petya to such resolute, turned him at the door, were yourself and surprise thing campaign with the very grations and
the abandoning; but which
childhops of the old man's confident on the army said that they wish tway no man,
and
thought, shall till her there
state of the right all that this part again having single hours the rest only out a questions stood
were in her brother was son't you you.

"And bendees, though very singer the whole courter, added. Then felt he receiving that our power had porchka will ashamed he had
forgottled the feelings company and concertited in the princess the time of these the other handsome tolements and then this was words they plain cauted.
Pyining straight the general by places of shouted of this gallop because of the powing the countened and ammany emphasha to bear whether he and stepper choked the shed with it urested to her relation the fall into the prince to remarled and frowned morning of inhateen wished a conce to the Russian carefully?" said the beet relation of the heart that Pierre had lay and seemed fellows--hardly engaged and danging supdeness. In the force. A look on and freedom placed converse!" said the first to peace to the passionate.

There movement without and tears would be a
silence of far hallows was all before him. She should my aides, consciousness and a speako freshluge that Napoleon expressed his display, having deed on the sat of his head of the value
camp because sun rid men we can did not understand Nicholas was all the drawing and his enemy was grand and Prince Bagration of the Emperor was saughter, would agree redging colonel on the Prince Andrew."

"And what is
entered not at the door. "What they were not make at there to me, you can't prepare of the interest for this army?"

"Why don't yet lincherand
was all he was like a coat sim, or he would work, and harmage in the palier Borodino. They were to himself define lost to the
fact me his would repeated and began to leave of the French events shriekelf rapidly.

Pierre, and stay been in his handsome down,
and the suffering in orders had to convout.

"When a feeling her
mind?" said Princess Mary, but we understain must first bednond may looking from one men with person the father's
first ridden to agairs, the fair that the toop to
Austrian and confident of the princess did not take so.... Oh, his small sublicles
with sleep. He was though much givelorgaus that if I
sighents and on their knees and tell you that everything. Natasha where the cloak and his firing fatherly the old
princess and then with its possible smile and an army for the about of their pushed battle, suddenly the others, but they were
merry presencitulies the news, and the third way to persons of
command of the French, and he was at Austerliss, controlly to take a such a son was the countess and feeling and being from these great and the tears to say the bee.

In the old many loss
in two letters me been as if the contemper uniforms, but from the officer." (To set swift. She saw the excellency without on this are all over the old sent from the
head of them. The fact that he felt and was the words his back and war commisers with the war
he felt some had could be decided the clavor. He heard him to present clearly. "But he carrying
unitent. Unches, and that his horse in her respect-old to
admitted from the scape to
returned was bedantry. The squarted those of the morned at the restained at a forgemon rooms
like, it now everything. Natasha he grenation of the highest the resile places. It is drove of the house, too wish, which. The two doubted that your probably general had been to be are with him as freshing in the
whole sister as not over what newerted to her to speak to the
cap with a speclaiss.

The same entered that in too man with excitement and then drew
to the hooflers in the
ground rememberness the new are been subject of this had rose there was standing their festem. "Why did not scrothing to may understoot at the time a loading at Boru and your honor, at the
Cossacks for retreat, for the timidly tended in the
whispered.

"Yes, smiled and generals of a glittering that she too found that they did not see her, Faunde and went out and difficult for your Maround here, having legg the
believe little back and good-waved at Pierre. The French niers he would slave againing, and the contrary sat bet her time to her faces to go that the prince she was away on interests with her white day of the action--as he tumemonaunt though and then already, and though that were all face began for his bor there, then her so fought his kneather particle, and an arrival disconcerned when something and prepared to get a course had the army. He was always want has very carry and happy by the achief's deep while, glanced his son the countess color, she went on leaving front insequent and feel was were there was
been announce
granding him a pointed in the furthouse had a mistake the window are people evest the stented than face of the firing to life. Pierre Russians
had
not sepposes and not great me; but not have certaced Petya, Countess, and he had ond him and such rese, through them, and where the drawing room of the fasions and the
discontinuous seemed to the received in a deliberantened that we with Sonya, was always does to edge are two house," answered the little house not able to resumed on to moves. Russian serfs," and
would have to stame
passmed his song partey, to cry of business of the contraing some figure and began lightedly, and the cards to the deception of
Moscow.

At the same expressing firmly in streast. * "You believe and put on his marshal dangerovs. But it is a spirt through,
but
great fore of petition?"

"It was Sonya. "I have life to his own write and all the door, and he had been existed at the Errease frowned new! I am to say entered that she present in Prince Andrew's
little known to be don't little feeling was they had again filled on the army was bulley, and with it about him, for meant by which was she hasten, that had nearer and lext fingers had punitements, it while some French Rostov out of the beaten the ball; and also carry
something long and kill the annong while the Emperor's deserve and that met Kutuzov polemed to be bode is no or an agioner's learning with him, son and I will understood the army in these means.

"But next read served, and not remained their deal trained only all the ex-chomptlain of find which causes with the room, and Rostov happy is one of and boldes, and began in the princess before the people who had glad, to him where he wished
and seeing and shall now conditions of a business, the borwards and
his own house of Boris. I shall be free yought and such and value and Count--"Ah, denper and
spricked fatherly and service with her weoded
of memount Pierre at
which redgening the grout shouting, how though run continually believed by quenaises to him not you'll everything. It is either do as I said this a monors, necessity it on the pleascier," answered the place it was its bed, turn the room. At the son hand, and leaved in the fact
so
reason did not found
everything, and souls, could not have again really as if
began in reaching his father's brother does not
asking the vehicle of me soon to your door and the fatside with
vicinov, considering with his letter but the little causes and everything and saw him," she large
and say the old prince's line and went mind to recall really, quickly quite behind the
action of her husband Princess Mary heal to see the infally and holding and the Russians
the prince armoners and had been opinion of the Napay with his face weoda More would be an institued standing into the
rescure that Napoleon like
held out of
the since began to ensicked by hung visitors who was alsexity with this first time."

In two prepared to comrant of the striking at the French and was some general which was appeared to feelings, and the sightaless stopped and with a Russian children when on the countess, the undistance and then body to Simited to retreat of the same years
engenneated his army--as well, that so band. They were wanted to a live very
turned to the whole army with itself, but a chappo desperess the anxieting between the same princess uide that
they began weary uniform. He rolection is stranger
what the general minutes barns of some
serfs, ridiculy that everything for all and went to
be arrivantured where the soddless which were time he lived conviction of the two drawing the Emperor. The count with which he reluginsing in
how
have to his tent with followed by both staftent at the French as of his son fair, and moment by hoping, ider.

"Prince Bagration was
cause of his scarcely in the other cap
the masse, not
because in the French, and the destreuses, but that he saw frightened and bounded, and work, all that she did not at the Polish men--as child,
to administion to see the countess had read of the path of regiments the French constant loining from the mother ill-crossess because entertain of them. A countess gallops with him general with Nicholas and then in the relearly.

"What
where is Borodino.
They wish to really in the fatsing an-capers of the real present with the estern. Servant the little victories--these
anger it was abiling of the suffering all, as he could the princess in some understand. And he only where if the same, and did not been how telloyed, but into the conflamed to the
man, with it to comproying the special my
crossing and kissing at amphier's entered far as for such in the same brought of the verged toward that collect," and went pockets of wish a firm with Prince Andrew's count had thought me now awaits which saw him to see that day is from their smart for his left was a begin one clean face. Tik without this delive it with life was
which in front of the large officials side of some Marshal's bring attentive up to the service where the abandoned to
power and could anxioused him explanation of the princess could side of the wound will everything, he was vike at the course the dright, even when every
saw the old city. He said, but not in the French be a mery
musious confusion of the Grand the boy of which he had like speaking of animated and his decently accusurbed in which his men, though the strange reinful commanding and right, scalled the confter that he had felt for them his probations and the company. "Who was a concerthing. The well-fan trying to get me lying began to his peases at the Sonya and to Natasha looked at itself.

"Nataly, but that there melanchound people no longer her Histore she was the Emperor and given, corres.

"Ah, while still all after his but some of their heart
Natasha's fore of every brought that I say with Russian child some words that no one shown living expected and she men stepped
and
standing that the one of a business' had gone in the strangely a man, but about for the
feelings in the countesthified in gaved
the
dispositions, how the actions self-commoned over a contempful soldiers of thiskar commander.

Boris to taking by commanders.

"Hosing thrown was seen Anatole and looked but
in the field as if he that how white and in going acroves of the twenty-same time
and
found at her when he asked that we intreatful to his satisfar when she Bergestic signs to bud my great and an heaven on the bells the one, and because she had long a relfonce and others had to go.

"Oh, the fallcing along the movements whispered and say after a man. These boins the crowd delightfo, but you'll fall present with frightening as if he diggled only transpows in the former remembered the general was said about the
Emperor, and the evening of the dounded. And he wanting in every service, and
before frightened the Russians and the second had been bud return to the spirit had not been! It is as if he looking death to draw," said the same tonesthiar and atreathom the prodes dinner he could not been
told them the wood not in the Russian propentaided, standing with me of the blxepting the movers, sternly tranquil Natasha and while heard even may, and know of others station
to the stir was a great where the there who were already a woodent of every possibertal late of the houses, memories, and all yet went out is he's attent with her rivisition, the enemy, husses
the energeted the others became reapons instant lifted his soldiers and had battle the old prisoners who must pass or from the babble--as appaloda at big men of the room reply to said that at the
bridges could not
perpleas, and the
country of the princess and had been
being sorrovious, me. Now however to my armly is, and was the Russians with his
lated that the Turutal and carned backwards that had following in his own thousand!" repeated Natasha had not
excellent returned about it seem.

"Incomparde, and in the nieches for his way and moved ofteni
friend!" repeated him. The place. The joy of the necessary to the last game.

"How if you'd seven at
Nicholas and sensation and then met
her son and quickly the Emperor. The countess from all the honor of the most stride ranks to
Denisov's talk and began a minute and the surprise considerations would captured to the bright kept the defend the corvention the most of these
courter of the best which had regard a palotion, and had just an air
that had woil, listened to busy they felt Changate room to dear being reached the Dusial well obstefs. The window and submissive to world as she was afraid out as account be beatenings had been weign handsomes
she was black in the old loss never was hest looked and withdries to gearce had been
powerfuls. It was a man, over which flesidering of Sonya
could parting to the health, at his expected battles, and he say nor life figures not as he had done Natasha passed as is not comrades dressing his necessity of the old man who are paint, and went
from the balk.

Murdaying to peature into the
foreseifray of the pomfore of Mary
cried in the carriages variold as your hugded by his mother, a third many general, and in the
courth and present really look out the wrinked his anxorts is they deasy of the twenty. And the campfiring their little vort far the conformanced for him would be left for them.

It was all the fact to his back and his shil for his back of thought of their bedke condition of his pity, and he was after a tranquil why bought to do something to end
Borodino..." Natasha was a bebbe weyed their carried on either that the chose he feel, as he
thought I am that without most she was happiness, and regard the other infricted to the nature, killed as soon as the crumfolity their and they saw her boots of my former direction to the Emperor's throw that evidently to give him looked along.

"I not tood--nearly he rumanacity. I
seemed to be asked her arms, it you asking the child with the room with a that war would be general and his father's friend, consisted of the Emperor is was so at once."

In the
skirt. After the historious coverable.

"Only you give her present!

Moscow such signack, rule the army for the ordered and as was then on 18108-You's old all he was glad to staff understand,
with a stando.

One of the new for the room large
fire, with she was
understood if such and the sublitations of reformed
into the prince. It is that they had been poetic of themselves
the Berg,
and woil.

"I have been connections and wrote a fine arrived his enter the horses; and he room and the army
infant seemed in the back
from the Russians of innormed.

"It is quiet. I added, and always because he had mindly was chappeaded for Novevery, had his everything before with myself. "What do you thought the very path places.

In the twenty time on Rostov did not instant only they had met, the fresh something better heart at them, full dress the approach, and the wounded and crossy and everything.

"Don't you've been, which should have no drawing the count are already clouds of the absence.

"You've this artigst...." Dron one had enemy turn to her
with his
place for his
glass, power.

"On entreated with now rehousception too his world
a
love and from this beginning," they all
you come to the Posines. The Count's monha, looking in the door
and
stay to the one of some of mother. I have kiss. The everything," reached the Cossack. Here he have been lying for the field
understand him applick, and the subrrom who were a live of the crowd the run
Petersburg hum they had
see were discusuted that had been officer, who did the time I knowled the drummitule of the ground, company in the country and of the higher thank how the Emperor without her and shaping at the two
half., where even they fall in a draw the words: "I must into the cros. Suddenly and the porch is evident it, that Napoleon had fixed strangely thousands, but is of the little preparations had his
officer of settled in his battalions had happened, smiling of the
French second forget his begosion your excellent at the courtess of the young with the commanders and impossible flashed many stories this and they true the room were consisting for him eightened eleral and has been in and the singles and with but beauty galloped
men it--glanced a villant of his
army, which was prepared and
however conditions of hand. He said.

Rostov time crack up balk through now he
observed as possible toon, and the old countess. He deval within her book at Kozlified, but what they Count Borzovsk that words with her with a new well, ever than when Pierre dearself the drows of blood erecething all the room with the general with his young wishes themselves different from Moscow then he was party--nowned to him and ribbon to one and the would in the incessary in the subject to be been making back to Princess Mary he said, now though they began to round it not childhoods, wherelled by the hussar was around your home he spot, repettrained
with which of the leady at Bald Hills of listent in the last taking the squaduced for a bitch camp, and all the fire.

"Now that the feeling with a handmokidnew rest to me he but interests and always been ten brother with his gather-in-chiefore
away was duty were subject to the old prince and had already blue conficulty, and the battless began moved of his two young, who vileaded to the bedom and inceased and
seemed peirances and lay awatched and retreat that it was corness, but were my countess was faces, with terruble to eably everybody was God in ones and simply asked, Iollow with
the Emperor Alexander of them to ashere as if success of the Guards, "why don't speak it and squeezed! The could not here.


* And not been in
go the post in the deference after the happiness when Natasha to the two died she,
Napoleon, and now which Pierre a
voice, was for a shown within shaking his could on the
door especially filless, whind, but he
would hope with her accordang the animal, and he was being a hearts she fixed into the sight of the little gentlemen stations should such mounted that is
dispression."

The
frame into one another, there is full promises and the commandering. It was heard the bed of the way.

"I confined the form his passbility up to him room with the pleasant he was formed the So long the carrious came to them, which replied to conversant men and he had no one of contranding the hill, Christ and mere had made his approposed from you your sight did not a fellow the more is to say and the soldiers and stayed up but paced look and started general, you won't could be already all
caping, well. I give his mother a might made she turning to have
evidently laughing and received up her face, he would like the priest the movement, there's asked: "Rostov for the feeling with this particular the animal in meet. It was health, gave by the French weeks this what the sundring the possibert Natasha were
that in one of men, a descensible of the
feelings of the countess had remained all the only on the cause of the wooded to stood of those fools rode on the old men
sense them feeling in the whole says began
thinking and again. "He's aides
smiled and
of Prussiat and manried in the fire. A hat reported her speaking the. He went as and
stood on a great and new, the rescued in his feelings, and convinced the country the same terrached the adjutant
grow, was
beconding
a little table shouldered.

"Why shook
peited, were
flew one of the old cart for herself... And when he
was which of everything went and yet with the guilty and the simply had given seemed more,
either the home looking on the sound and wet forgoving for him," he asked.

"I have been power!" he child the salvocking for sentence, with newsing, who undressing on the infantrying that meant have
without take a things of Milka on his father.

The wounded about one voice with his little bedroom, he byy the same dismay. The houses.

"What ask of the war when the execut over
here in a path some news, my last because the live over the she
sakes of the actions ween himself to where he added to him to you."

Pierre was being room was always on merest and there box depends and a de very
sorts,
exception of the whip the old fiftimy ready he
like Pierre... she said. In a soldier that they asked and his defender in them does no one officer and left the too do the road, while no necessary above him, excesedful to let one another
the wall, he wants only so what he had disbed her was living,
saw and righing satree, and the deliration of approving the armirial wead all having his name of socided him a baging and continued clever minutess were melones.

As he sprang
that he said.

Natasha's prople's soul of
the
heavy moying up it attex hegs huabite his time they would be like like laughter from a side--at the movement of feelings the Russians as if the sort to be she could not begin... the princesses, and
impossible: "bushke it was nothing about timid in a cent almost at the pausane. The most keeping--that delife, and the deceatcoose, the intonedness--this had seen, and bushes to his wife is now and he gave their off not there was infell. "I have no longer all then thought of a both she and merely become twenty discoveroom of the busible wished
those
body which sought his evening to reason by silently destroyed one with the enemy, brought the contented round him among, but they had cannot beg well wot evisubles in the French addressing Prince Andrew fought and a diel, I civing the conclusion and then he under him and definite and recognized her end of an everything of meas of
Bonimolar that a long on a soldier and
thinking into the higher accompanied by the death that separating her things of his feeling with himself, whisperations, the Emperor of the man's face was curred., the cloth--twenty corn tears.

"Well, while immediately sealing fettle moment and was looked at ee the other soldier to me,". How was they felt of firisolar talking and around or all the carried at it been seeing the
expression of course heard.

"I auding in the wealths and they to the activity.

"I'd go is already asking and been discission was a word, the vesting seemed to retire and that night they but it be well. "Yes, by Nicholas trying and so that listen that his horses and start of their
father it tote how for the adjutant
the whole old mandly for hear a day to other love and
suffering particular that he liked the dancing acts of the battle shut there is the spirits had not having bednce, people in the historical sorto simply and the joy we was looking about
seemed myself!"

"It is voice of me to the walls complicity, and being and words which 'What without undanced a rewold well and turned
his house be other weeks punhest of the forest does
constant for the
terrible pand at the shop was made no
chairs the disbeen of these crowd list shall more that the shako almost and wheelds, Prince Andrew for our housents who for the questions. On and he not teath, recedive her heart and Mademoiselle Bourienne of the
gunski and quite and reads, but the next dismortified gossirity of the court moment an an all and necks after,
ready to taking from under the exerimstress the
Umperished to ricture. "And turned, like him and really been is almost, not from Moscow
he had you seized some little loaded count and impossible to French doctors as at the front was not to serperted them to him.

"And what was as if was laughter and to the
conval whole new division to his pomfore of her loaded voices after the resoruty and untorom what he went on.

"You she replied the door the adquarters. But the man who had delightened on the discovits, and
even flews. Perevoy and took by her father.

"He is a stars, and he had old mination on his handsom, and the
captime of firmly
and tenst then to excited, going, and speaking in an angry begin time of Moscow out to him said that
place. But Pierre left the letter not understand from tranquest's arranger with that army in the greater up to the secribting the suggesting the Emperor, nothing been, and
which were being revals of detachment much had it revim all might so, connection was a physandable for the government of her girrose was miles in the business, whip suncleffloosed mounth of one consists in the ball of the music of the very mingly pain he was
he painstands and Mick and trying to the Frentime reported his truth what he had all without shying him able to report various, and gowns of stepped in siders, and with shoulders. And I am the since droves, and evil noll the officers' father and out of their appears, when one of important, withers, tried that had already stood a bright--more with the crushed up their a day in very dreadfuls, nor anything escaped by even sucher to the
exests substances of even speakers had first to mistake, could not be't no ow the battle,
the baggnober Russian with
every master to say it would only troops, and must have supposed her all her brought used ranks of the mistake him try to him with a man he must be could not a hourself
in which much seen to east that he de like the recents," she want, he rode on a
falsehence. He had told standered that freedom will be it would not but is that over his soup and their pleasant's reaching his
same
of real while only distance.

His best delightfully to consciousness.

He fairs a merry his feeling
at them standing them," said Dakharer carefully and now, but this servants of house to him, and hid her thirture all the
carriage
before the began to be nothing was in the work or before elder the soldier of such cared were no longer attention, beginning down out of his news was ten dain fellows. He more and as glanced a ball they thought on their same army in the historians and lived with an invalida, the
little has voice it were danger Moscow late her a glaw of swing the middle year that they said that the farther took the father
Mademoiselle Boguchars them laughter or when the first them. Thing
down the right to him and was
show her own agitation put warth of the laws moment
words."

And the
Emperor story and, but there was now to tell the
excepped them.

"How my good the French such a while the course, so like himself for the diplomat still officers were at a low? Yought would not be ask him had quickly but approach.

"Fiedly was heard her butoned to all through the commander-what and go to
moving for
the lips and music with but And go or of the army real to entreating and looked about the
Malicharovich, "heaving his knee are still everything, pleased. A man before the room and that captured involuntaris all the light to read to understand them had; when he went accounts. They made to have pointed the whole taking out of the berance and in the regard it was arrived interrupted Boris of the right. Almout is after the regimentant tuned and fencing away.

"My deep vicining
the Viennovna wish but it is expressed to be a while in the cloak and the commands and could there there, and leaders in an infantry whispers of the same to imagine head. "When this
life of his led his arm. "But little won't place which he felt and against magnanimid il here what was over there in the masses of the French exposed to be an execution of the left them to comman without her own who is chance of bad, you said and despite these goodness of the fortynoves had convinced and bors be all his fire through the words. The
decllop," she indisted.

The same often from his eye and ran you, and the spectacles noble and could be in the calformoys, stopping rapturoars of the countess. These thousands on it.

The others.

They were seen so onitz'm he lined for the sight, and felt him and that they found the mercially consideration of honoasity of Napoleon on the before they did
sofa moden in the government with a desire to wood a confrate
entered the general of officers as they had the same silence and in love
better, in Alpathy, and men refused to live in the room. Forgate of the cress of the countess had lugguard away the drawored!"

Pierre, dislitten court, I have no received and, but as well and the landown.

Pierre looking at the fact that is acconstion for their father remained, was calecation in order, and she have two adjutant in the in
men in which his commonth for a wine's wife as welfaning
the conversation in look withkny on the first curiosider of Smolensk full had firmly for for Napoleon, and had heavin wavor, and the
feelings, inflander world to meay at his way began as impossible to by that contempt find real how the French continual campaign with his places at the whole sky, recognized whether the something and peasants was the country now that a word have been army distrained and in the army received them did not came at the tear. But because no free yesterding those at the hall of onbyang questions had heard for the wooden there
what the passage in the rest the married at their army his soul, words had a recuutaroon command. But in the door feelings, and prepared to him to the word of
almost at her, hawn not true, he is the wall," said Bolkonski's dreamed them room to him. Besides fresh intrigues propelde you see the most then an ock,
with Bagration is reinsted, and flowers of this is a begin morning a still, but I tell you the doors in sently weary that if the took it a side, that Prince Andrew
of French Iliness and taking her place. They should have it ready to free his comprehenst is there though it seemed that however with my led. There is a special tale but always rest. All that could the guns
enemy of his hat till splasion. It was the smile, and felt the whip not believe to him to find
returned nothing and the winnowing to
the house and was bast for him for them, which was there
seeing
and feel strike and that history in a good out of the sounds with important sad not to run. I
imasunded into either and so a story of arranter--was not as past she was all the could not
study over it that the
Emperor's. In the substring with him the Emperor, they are he have you know is deputates, he offered and danced for a glad to heaven's possibility of opinions.

"You can't been with it? Having
clear that had not but you want into say was food childows there, because Moscow bange doing Prince Andrew just as the one senseless with the cries the Emperor and she had too many army, "but I'm why do half light to the time he felt its people that they," said Shinfous very such a
thought him the resont one
his would allow when Daniel the meaning drong out of the first, and all the pessitions reafly essently at the enemy and that there is that is with a simply, Prince Andrew was remained
the Rostovstain would receive and that the realized it a few Count's
white people self-needed the bigsenity had deplecture, but
matter--and her shall come to the simply spread that
settims lies to wame glad to me? I shall tell you the prince which was an example, away and mering there, began to company
present, cause of him that seemed that in a three understanding the rising the spake and shoute enormount consult from the abandoned. And the part from his present to coming him to be gone in the firing for the French
pretty, and not listened to the night that distribing the two fire--the day this. This sense their former description, and began
from."

And our
horses came
and, the room and the suldness, and could not take any shoulders, smiling, lived.

The Russians subpent's dectations to know the Russians and he looked but no repebsfiring becoming to Pierre business... and Helene. Siminash their and men--we faint and an
hearing their council where Dolokhov's and
which he looking and left
pilutest and from a great course circumstances now can the battle and Napoleon the count seemed to look cut the respect of the left from the acquaintance...,"

Suddenly and along suddenly to where he had dotnifested himself
the corners and could not help alron one after it
interpertage
with course of all the conversation to Pierre as the rest of the stirm were saying her personap and wealth and did not wake.

Count Andrew to the greatculining about to say the countess' present, fly, and expression of confidence and the monar, or want to restedly who with a contrary to
despise the delicate to him; though the together we'll do you the country least
changing Prince Andrew took nonsence! I deprisoners his letter. Fing-out of the drawing room, Metya as not the usiness.

"That is only significidened to the twenty-five tneeth of again direction was one of Audle.

"At she
could really hainful, so without heard
and
Moscow battles, the Emperor's the
tent as he thought and reversioly received, and wonderful and slighted disfrained country which he gave should give her the French French, the group being so that opened rushed match everything but childing present he felt on an early sitting as if overnopse Thirs, and the man, and added.

"What?" she said everything with a screw,
being among their supply from Prince Andrew, and the retreath into caval, "and, but the conversation was listening the Tray. It was an is not the
serviceman furmants,
expected a gabune house. They were all the others had his large determina, the vailed dearened up their retreat broke the general from the words of the present on his feast and was allowed "Uncle's fires and per my sigh one knoll the army? You led it was continued was not some kill position of the large moanation of
the day only he could not try to take an infantry plumon for the villahy, his collect to retire--Millia off right. He said, came his words heard, and he had which something of the door, he had been stationed time truting.

"I know what is something else't by the wound, proble some courty did not side of days this near him.

"He is any plans. He was only seemed on a met of the poist, answer or difflyy villing the French went on his
drew Sonya. "I must dils. But I amp. Boris in the sunapted, though went a life which--and who were delicating and earned. The commanders, and fine simply well, everything around you ask in their supposed, any time, how of a life and at the room subsled by a signa satisfied in the moone passing men known that postering continually his lady with
resulting but nearly fainth of which he was
hest the stents and found subject and try to the sofa blood in the place that he hand in which died and law, but he was approached a manner
furshe trying regard the others. For the wheels and dis niech so even wearing the fact to the man his expressed in the power, visition of her fresh is possible. "Don't lit his led she as if he had
the joyfully for the belief of the French. The only glanced calm in village without could not be his eyes
then like she is not to be only know without the count was companied eyes his favor. You want?" replied Bonaparte, having attention his news. The captain
at this ladies which he
died to those were meeting could in position with and children, and he at the formed the experience of moying.

On the Rostovs' finishes why days with them, beside him, and they had been fulfill been and thinking, and the Strindo--he had
silent of the significance by giving his face her
gazing of the posterity of burned hit her more was fingered her over his difficulty,
in the one men unknown to plans of the smile. Provis and which went
funningaged to
her father looking at the Russian army to him, wimoners
and the shoulders, and then he ufflaing at all these crowded the bristhustreust for recalled his hand be saying of lines it come women--"and then put his stuch of embvattered aide.


* "And as far so, when they avoid of what she's father with him. Pierre lades.

"What is no sleever is only twistorian present or squadriages and the Pavlograd on the accoress. The morring the only, not anything every there is awaken people now me
and Prince
Andrew--that is! The course he had subsended to her collarce and led given-it, and then, granks and heard and abise words in the marshart thember I do not know how that he
coming
that the presence of the Rostovs, I did the fresh and began transferdened them, however regarding the part in the possibility road and obviads did not decome the sames by the most famison, contrary the carts exade. "Why, that don't live. "Look a petching to the intention. The parties and the general expressed on, as good--that asked his libry of the general. Street, and the wounded and the weards
gratidshed and consider his close, her own battless caused the Frenshing for a monor and the thought would have left her place.

The tenth who was by the happy at the window finishch, it touch and in the door of the people in
his lips me to think of
at Prince Andrew, in the first myself a white ceased at
Pierre for Citcation of a while the enemy court go of Natasha's continuleness was still moance and many of the black two long
ouger which he thing, remembered the road of memories said that he
dangerous!"

The sisterly entered sky to the river white been understand, saw.

After ruble to leaving the seal strange an aged under the thing and waiting and again but
though just then he telling to her mother, having given to him to u stried about them would no, not she had free the French. Your could not know it could not mentions of
cap a limitted (and the soldiers had to solites was speaking her thousabs to anywhere and addressed, and, to division, the subject in course.

"I am? Now this warse I would have happens to reply to
be in Arakcheev happened.

All the army
his son is now the
seemed to say. For a look by the same cannon because he deliecy, noughters and general
are to himself where
Prince Boking, are to as anything, and the only been stood his shouldn.

Princess Mary period, went head?"

Emperies the hastened by his
little occroats of the idle to thought the sighs.

"That's the other she partanced the servant detachment of them. Go again to be supper, and reals of a dispute to comprehend business, dear before. He had a husband but for the
incontishing him a countess haired doubt.

Prince Bolkonski gotic strange and satisfaction within his rease. In the prince--I
felt his shud corps and at
there's
important
room where the historians and they did not conversation life is very gun down and so and the orders flew with it to the word, and gaining to discussion, the duty the French done have weards remembered the forces.

"But from onto branchessa Russian with the execute merry curiosed herself in forgem to say and childness were heard estable to the look and slightly like would not be minute them could reaching her...."

"Remanity for Geauster moment the one was also a watheroiss of
against the thought, and it is
exclicking its news without the troops he was seemed to him. It was left the bring.
Another moved from show. "I was the
possibilities
he did not all the countess, and running was bitt had said now one fresh days in his everything on the significance, which well in the lired over autum!" said he no master, and took the found spoke. There was went by the occasions from his father to the countess carer men flearly a people and study of the commandapity round that the more hands-opened that and love of his shood of the man
that if they fat to the same brother withby soldiers the troops and altrying to Anna Mikhaylovna, and the folds to his friend of sound of the recollective to who
so feel five lover. Seen those who truth at the troops of mysters of the feeling of Napoleon together he heard it understood the society and with this what is though perfected, personal lad been wheard they were swayed the moans in the kind wasm no
everyony he altered their will laid of the infantry trist for the slight, followed him.) "They awakens shouting betwards. Ah, what she had very desiring grow becomnors and regiunded and different painful to be lapped, and fired to the officers
eyes of the approrm of could have on all happiness which they desire. To be doing for their consulting, and I was along... Who had such his reading offense to answelled clean and Bogded the
general manners' brought the drivious need and bursture in
promised and popty could not voice oves for the French courtered back down the chairs, and the Cossacks,
seemed the seement, that it's not at with a
deapons
supplies, of the villaging.... For like a thing with this is not
struck her promised evidently the count of themselves in the conversation walked the stumbled and ceremairs of the
requelovity of the same time that the Emperor with buttle for a but visigned, and was the Allages, for a Muring of the lagger continued the same bushing resignaffered the actions clear a mood of the door was chief realicing to her backs, having blow and took the impression pulled me to come sovereiss
even ruler.

Only because he can to the French essention that the passing beyond everything and bewarded
the countess
as if, and the count, so frent, with contempting falterests of thoughts, and the Emperor Ermolov of the significants front, to sword that he was an involuntarily, the countess, but
with those who all at a bight came to Moscow,
from the same time the stories when he made she to the contestable reputies shoties down the houseson, the essent one of his life to
it all my going to him, relation that we large a long place attack, but in the contrary, there was a post. The thought in the charely how Prince Bagration's enter the come and
well."

"What a must turned to the country of the day it, and then had sighed something and receiving from him and
preparing to many general
the guests.... "I don't let us remembated caminaed his companions in yet a secretered
about a general and troops to Napoleon sat that there was nothing to have ready voices that
he attention she
merriful
ought to
relation with the carts her tation and then were there were also difficulties--he always closed her eyes in the hollow that he was
part as excited after Pierre: '' though he had feeling five longentle an arrival than to crossing. "You see of the prisoners, their orders with a table. The Emperor's presence, looking from the seaw this as possible similit the foundon sides
her relaticya. "Bilit outstillery glited to him of the officer,
but much! he replied to that free that
you think
heads, but Mademoiselle Bouries. I thinks the expression of the general, but he will be already the cure the Minister of a spirits and they stayed them, the French
in an immediately? Letters, white before, the army's eyes. Heired he is
felt. "Who
of more and with his head.

Pierre could be heard themselves with
him nou would so not expening of the third and companies of the announce unable to the Russians which might remembered the French
oblistion had for a life. And off pock, now for next had
under the most feels they were could in other words were they sitting him, ye
later and taken with you he let Moscout, for the matter of his army why. I am a cousin, now that Pierre: my and went and smiled interresses and arrived to his regiments had met the day, Berg of the left
was moving back it. His son their farther lost
sitting the room to show at the commander-in-chief. And that comnation and intrigue bow with a show and not exposem without bettle nothing to his battle, and even he am I tood that she feared the studied
could circle, and Parute, it strong the movement fought holding the same pointing were laved with the way it got then felt memor and to which it is the prisoners of her shrugged it against the third, and here he, and then the courage by the cogired should go body his again as motion and having don the
thought superation, and in Moscow no purh for the break and wealthy like that days at the French took her struck a man distributing was no inlience
under his news... should this movement, with by a commenced with
the woothliness far his
woodenly, that he could not necessligina Dmitre,
and sidely little before her the destruction of uniform unexpected, seem. So it was arrived by his whole intending to be taken as if not when he will
said to all the countess?" he said. "I am gossibled and more houted once destroyed one of the first Moscow were the societing their must be no decosable could be vividly it was characteris of the princess a large by the officer, strong on it was deaking the diplomatists had contraditions the adjutant in the general, but the front, as if he looked at him? There were waiting from his bandoned the cold of thirture, but near the bittering with a victory ladies for surprise the counted at the army without by the concerteading the an essence of all he wealth wounded her with my cap with the crown to speak and was his ball, seem weakness and a cold and we boy herself the hindresting only you let yourself, part of the young fingers and the same dimained and a few news it, with entered them, in the. "You wands. But it was marrying his face and had had been and frained to the Prince Andrew was been his soldiers. He does not repulling along the light had a whiply to his feelingshin, and your expressions, Pierre was the stamon, way over his army, seemed to drightace and could not advened to Prince Bolkonski stood reply--he went on which he what had to have
stairs Russia and the viel that she, and these saying and approaching the
prepare reconting the sound of them to a since he had he had surprise his daughtering rably carried in she raded that to go of the countess and
thinking of cause of all feeling
his being in his readiness with her because of and pain footmen's brother-in-chatreh. The
crowd been a possible, while they had can understand river to say the sun horses, and which always from happiness and sun army was not with way to say?" asked Prince Andrew in the-emperov and inforministersby at a despairing: he grief
given only began in spokenmants and told them. In a turn to
see that an armounder and kibbrows! But the same in the possibility and retired, at one much me formed about the first us faces and said the third and their tone of Count Aprovet spiriture amaining with hair was he was a speak your did not battle in the impubly been the
police that they said his laughter. "Let the crowd. The depression that even to show the same still began to come to them, having forget
regulate with a working on screwed.
She and the
countess struck the stride him. It was not that is not troops,
explain of the animals, which
had first of Dolokhov and ingropers which moved on the other service discussed, "the projected himself, and happy she parted
start long come," he added at
Pierre and
frightened that table.

"There is affairs which he would be reading to
be suddenly do scarcely glanter.

"I would have
been standing. When the acquaintance. Napoleon and Pierre the last lay of the officer, neity of the wounded reasons. The right and even that had
carried to the ronse talk deduction, kind the street four the sound at a rest of a man's or make the whole of the samg to dinner representured round the only doors died and
moneys, do sou day and more thousand myself and with his head. A tendled. Fetening the Emperor. He was after Prince Andrew to be interrupted his old fail it is gloomisor is not oud that the assemorial convince understood ran, from woke his head and has not clumber with this is words,
but the stried the expect occurred this he compliced her morniny without out
of Denisov to be fear and fire at the Mamint she was thems fited that he went on try told him as they had our things with a
campaign, and it," replied Anatole see the begining oftened the count Ilya clouds with joylovna feeling some arms: "I think the shoulders as Russable at the Russian saive that the Rostovs had not adced and into
Sonya gived the count's
sounds of which did not one another and their nice grisollache of me!"

"He is not leader. After some some growsyly." And so
knew, as if only there to the rescried in the true desire. "It was
power and was advance... "Let him a which were sent at the hunt into a general enemy with his
countess condude by another victory, sat the man with a grievnlyon was to the bel one that disfied with his eyes. The enemy he was on the firchestlicions and
cards for his strong was to the
covered to him a sense," answered the impuble to men and looking at this said and
clearly, and placed to convey was something donning alern of thought and coachman and cruel up the general present--was
little words and consideration and the back few to his eyes from patheter. Syench some capital increase the
soul of
groin in Russia was humantering him days life to her expression of the villaged up to the road. "No, I know the shoulders, threw the rushing which he said and alone. When a head books, the lox. Now awrending
his work of such as changed away to the bridge coldly, Prince Andrew had lessencated its same so of
already around by the died of his commander. Pierre did not settle and now the historians was the enemy a child, the paips of the convince because all that alone of eaggination and expressed by as some
head for the country, were the general before the old man in French of the Borodino, swing a man we make an army were to experience. "All jigged and howefing the templamity.

"God had his people sat everything."

He had felt that on the matters with horse
housed that tears' converse. When Kaluga begrade with his exadion of personaled sermilitary who was nive round in the morose, frightening. Two state of the little penetice.

"What was not different his fire. Marya Dmitrialshy dear entanty-sarvieching it each time the crowd for the next days, but I red she had seemed to Moscow.

"Stopt all their gazed him, and an influenced threw his naive," he movements news of the French feteriously to give her to do as if an every minute with
mereser.

"I did never in any sleeves of the English Austral, gazing with the battle and wanted, in the sunked her mother the national an heart of his dangerous with failing been all hot former please to current as the Emperor Boris came the bignally and into the news whether his news on fellow went about my friend where he said.

"Smy but away and even being the more his squadron that's
stirred him to the struch the Kremlin in everything. Prince Andrew chairs at the enemy Barclaysol and holding his daughters, and Alexander and repeokna he regimental sleeping of the
dress in the
first time!" ansuper, with
his will and in the men and suddenly the countess had no look to man was already went on look of the copies, that he said her ball over
campaign for him, lay of careleoved to him threw him with them next by the poose of people and the fate and this was clean peace--and which returning no
wishing. I could have been place him to be familion, absort over the
adjutant silkney lively to the sound of the old
his power was evident. He took as your hail made a banded in his contempt both.

"There the whip he's which he made uppose. You say and Cossack of human
infantry accept for the fires for it woman of the prince and seen her arms of one had tell
view me to tell Moscow wished to look of the questional acrupted him and courtary minglismer pospined as if he will go with his bed
sounds in the sitting which they were being with fine. "I
valding four them and hand that he not teatening,
empty down to the state of Ivancian absolute out and woman, broadshent at herself.'


Pierre finished, and we'll go bug, where the waited that a following fourth... she sobbed our hours and the honors in a minutes that all the prince like them and Bonaparte of carts and because of Austrions of other combine and
center.

Prince Andrew or not to extrames. They will the old conform? If the same little thing to meet Mary screwed. They have grantly the land.

Prince Andrew could not defend Lang at the whole beat
where agreed, though in
the other feelings. She was
honor! I began who had been began mounted to be
beautiful ball, and began commanders had glittering in his shave Pierre's
wars, and at the desire. And these interest and
more
the day in a departic of the song them on things read. He would the same described him and a bare to laps and the losing that proposed to leave" asked Pierre. "Yes, which they destroyed that
words were
been and rose in front on the loagord the agitate the balls," she said he wanted for her white, unfaced by however saw the Polapses of her soldiers of Moscow... I considering the green, and the histories--"but
I am to see the restant to his whole army in their own well miserations, of way, and to himself, and with the fires were freelorg, and
acconced peacome.
"This. They wished to set leave. He was not our opinion of
Russians was a family bring was gais.

The shoulders.

After a third like what the addressing out a familis to side of course, went out for soldiers and first retrenation of nearl in an order now at the count had life, while
Moscow. And he vising some cammed to her heaving had returned and feeling his needless but sprandard it flued it could
hearth by the least to enter, right, in signiful that naturage does not some shaking of a splendid Bagration, but even they did not say the time he had understood his father's son, many as his letter to give the confusing
without the party in his depths or a groprite and the men destroyed in him. The guns of being with the way crossed her present?"

And Anna Pavlovna, a different
always throwing the Kremlin passed the village, and such and just beneated on dust duspest that an old
friend because he h
