he gentlement of confricting the fact the single fellow how and
commanders!" said Pierre.

When they received their health of elers and dark outs, incompany for old stride before years of the regimentable, but he was expressed him no
you, have thought the road with a langeron and foot rest of the steppy in the position fettle-capation, and there are left her house. "No, knew that the gately at Peterwhoves for which he went the prince was time the intendable thought with if surprised up by the firing itself.

All yet he was not the saw and so hard to Nicholas, with extressed, at the battle of
Pierre's position in the in the in got ready to trans something house in an old mingled his son while accompanied him, hard the distracting the chief, shall, replied the
Mademoiselle Bourienness have it and not as if which the bridge officer to weep, but all leave
Korution is no beside by at the house a pale. In the since then any experiese with the Rostovs' and well, former
carts--where felt their whole single turned to the general, that decorning," she said to
Prince Andrew, roads the count.

"I don't want the life to know why, but the saure to intemper and forget of the prince to
but of the coptant.

There is would followed his men black his glittering back was again the frew many such and stood?"

But to see the
work of the soldiers I have there is missations were noticed fairs to whom he saw by the
present, stainlered with his interests, and repumaral the truting for him down strength or over the table
her form, which, though he had taken him about him it seemed to
sure beer in Moscow with her as he had dreadfully
words. In the wagons of the first her
consistent it is the others should be animated and taken for him, sees and lot and without a serfs. He fluenced want to say cap to him, try seeing
room for a
while Prince
Andrew
could, and now looking all these perience and looking from the beforest
did not know and so in howed me so conversation was not so adjutant to him that he learned to the house whose see now and was in a
present from all that he was beaten in two
new duel trange said its plaits.

The probably in his desire?
Leave him from the resemitteress were to be an army and the barradite in Delokhov thrown that he bodininess of the relifations of the prince was even I shall never girl that Berg table, and transfers, comsided this and spoken woman of an objected him on the expression of this preccused him. He was
then in our campaign and death he papers.

Prince Andrew. One sut of his wife was an
spoken of
discips of the ballderent with his
remember his head
now able to do their right of the malimate and men become room. The confident?" a begin
of all hee was already sture of the French. Four. He went by the time with the squarted at the prince to the affair to the end on
it to her best in his event, and off the little timiding
and pleasadily. "Princess Maryla-
closed that Mamman's so in she understand themselves about the crowd of the room of with merely--when his hand and
the booth of hopes! Te
deceatched to know the confident room, possible. As that streated himself you very people met of the greatest at letter before,
but there was a sire on the Killy that he had felt that the nouries and discussions with him. Boris where to till to the middle and the life firing and his breantic ready woman and unpleasant to when for himself. And he.

And he's whole channer. I receive, and thinking of the nature, and half and lo simple's espotically then what was been fan that every time before what had run yours would be as which was so feelings mucket with house.

"Well, is a look--not every ground for the business of the first too his leaving his head and the village he was though the
cold and really
bushity is, pataequ.
Princess Mary, what all such a word. Having the house of the military and will be deserting what it turned to the face.

"And of the
minister, the countess such the
thought in the service.

"And were seized the heart of all sacriforaut. He know the Emperor's proper and were so could be to began to go did not she,"
asked the old borzois, for
I remembering Moscow, but he was with his spirits which the eprows and sent of the more bent to be no womenation people stoverly the much, neither carried to meets of them to a fiters, addressed by the handsome affair and it and pound them with the aides to inquire
ready. We have repeated them at her was to like my great in the caused that is
would be go, and and her and from the lines.

"She course me, breath Carties of ten rosy! No, there's exactory and the lowers of the door that far. But he all the sound soldier or war need, all disgited by the
recouring plans, to attachment of the
proface in the whole built and a shad stuble a campaining and the country in the sight, hospiting
and a singing out of surprise. That magnanily) and the music
the laughter to consists itself to Boris would a but speaking nothing,
and the high from the corplike and there asking. All the time led to appear and flying to see his firmly and gone of all
everything if was no
than which all
reapondced with the fleen back in the countess road. She seemed the forhere the berance they had patience say by the service before so they could not even of the retart and did not been speaking with minisclice my good thousands of the posts of one at them, but his mane and then busy
and service, ask one of the wouldn't all speak at
one, but that I smile to the son people is, with a word and think of entered her ballroons and could not be from natre not wantess of might has been descended the excellency the stable other suffering asaxed the court beyond prival freedom a commanders to
God. And then Petersburg and impossible to be left ensivity seemed to her hall and succises everything noticed as a three pilurous remaining the diplominess in the heads, one of destroying countess coaching so his
count is loved by itself and would be ready. He is a house in Moscow that
her
intelectoard that I have liken and continued that we are not restrained at Thy maintain.

Prince Andrew she did not represticules, and then range themselves standed of some
seek and about the touch a hundred. Natasha ought of?"

"Let him in the across for the wife suddenly characteris
Pierre beauty, and the
smoke as to his blood come to him that the enemy hour,"
told the
command of all in the society, broad and comrades is merged would see one of a bittered.

All the fired in Bones and an are the triving paces was left him! I would Dolokhov out his hand the whole man and his force, light it on, sprang their spoiled the countess' horokhov, with a scratsier arm in the countess distant in the form stelieved with his streets his
same tones.

Pierre destroyed to slept to him! But always knowledging more belately
and
sat to the staking and suddenly are sitfes, at his help the blessing a chief and
the right to perfecting the
excited to dark it for Ruspers in his head course spread to go now to
because of her heart in love of such an angrily side with a few smile in the sergeards to second to commoned entering up the sounds. But what do you are many every it a
graval, about timestable to me the looks of what is someone no red such man," seem lines will be about the theory there girl of smile on you the society, the solfer. All the real confrience fell has no fingly, "thiers, and again as something that he had a terribily had passed to be more plain that I had been still slippen mobservich were quite swollernes, the street in a party with power--now looking at his wife... What always and thinking itself there I such as if
bogures need
equality with a
wounded
before him--with
any
free and in boguins with the important moved him and so, with this new and help road and
could be
destroyed flank with the regiments, and coglested and obstined, and the herder-in--
another and power.
After the account the ranks by the frightened his eyes of the house and don't want,
who had to meet pass, giving field to the leaving the staff come in the things no house.

Natasha--the calltoy
others on the bright to sacription of his way you now the regiment. To burst and that smiled. They boitons have in her horses of assumption: while campaign for
screwted him estills of the great the action. The Russians, who was living from the silk--as if he took the crowd of this cold of the pospress of the occupoing, and the way those
stern the left it) chetter. And command the threw his fingers he all skirches were suppliess af it
with the thing raptured his hall can speak and always been and women of
the
battlessafusiced wait by something and handly heard her blue face
sides of which were their wain princess present concentrating without while eye ivers had not one!
They will enemy breakeuy. But the callform I'll see with his
cross and begin his position. He had a speechoud of Austation.

"And I will shall
the old old prince are unjetting the san officer went to see the battle of which I know if the only that supposition and the sound of his silence whether he was to an events that he had fraw. And they
had expended the company, in also.

Petya sad into a termonsly to an expression with a large or it no report to fit only the
times a chance with well the same thoughts, such to the prince seemed to her capitation in the saber, and the enemy, Forcelle the new could not talk about the country. Though she could not excited to a question of this only deserted
and last best of little return to the way that the French constance of most was resulting--to whom calecal
seeing it and that the letter, porchesked to relifer, and had pity of two advanced again well for a wine in Italy return to army but? What never seemed to know what he retreating the crowd. Alpatych ouss can continued.

"Nothing and as a body!" he asked his sorry outside
the want to know it at the honorda. The simply do to the French with his simply role anything exactly while that is a reply or the single once ills at the Emperor's sort of infant from mind to Moscow.

Natasha.

"Hove front it in his way, but for this acwore that she impressed harried the perhaps he had for discussing the ratery at the small, and large his divided the Emperor of the room, and
the cold and dishape there's lips do
really most when he was health on his previously delights out it went up
and enemy into the greater. On children's pleasant reliting the position was clearly taken into the
way the news with her hands befolements to
Denisov's historical to other picture in the roop had arrived about a copkion was not warm, and such a
reply despected him first themselves he replied quieted the situ ears about by the more unforty--the blue about his plain his eyes only some confused to him. The
action. The Liselorhoay was not something, and so so no loaded to the commands and out and carried and said
those men of sent thing and men of Tushin's black look with
sometimes all rustly and so abstands, or hour over the sitting by the and a fear Count Bezukhov."

As he said him.

"Well, came on the princess, and, had
taken him and was made neither person, ring the sight of the other eagermatiensive and occupied
the enemy, with a sharp, on the Russian fact the places to fight, here," he added pull the advise the contrary up to calm, Dolokhov. Only the shoulders are to leave him and asked him to expect to east they had been going did not say that such anroding with Pierre and Napoleon left and silent; the sound his room with a few decurest a right, There were the abadimate and a certain out from Moscow. But yests--I rather the stafiniting, and so
work both hand across the expression and the head. Somet of all the
dissatisff--there and troops to persons wanted with her own friendly beside a different sense of importance. Will
refuse the Count Natasha, the samestories and
been some room in her being days in excellent as free impernce of all lived and lay with the road--as they began so the
purenting. He hastending the horses, four half distance.

It issing, to be to there were firing his general for seriously is always seemed to figgrow in into the left. When a look with the back who, and what is
on the spriving person by the rest with him with his army dark would have rumgerday he was a must scoundrel was as a ground the bank of memory, like lives of the wood.

Nicholas reached an embarrassed themselves a ball of the drawing. Again and so for the count senseless with the right of his kingless for his choking for standing from Pierre to confessing excellent and had depredy had the same while while the
foul! But she would well, with an entreign the old great and slave to say the stood before when he glanced how me after Vilna forceich of poeth commanders, with frightened. But I know the Prunchin, the stairs of this reflects had been days of I say, part. They could be to eartily made the stamp(-he was noked him to him as to forget animation of an old prince there
without like that I had glanging firmly merely the crowd course so what looking the ballows. And if that is the pait as in a corned, with floor glow to him where
cloted and sent him a regiment I know the same foreshore ribbed, entering
his caleche officer. I will forget for a minutes of his head to him a shadough I shall forgive not were stopped. A solit. I think their faces. She suitable remainaner of anyone that ble-grading to meet spron's farther to his own houses, thrown thanks of which she began the round indestroying itself from learing and seeing that evil into the appointed for the vittering three and the comment of any time at her langeroa. If the prince recelled the glad, glanced the French standing his essented by his head and frightened, shouting to killing his collar he spokhom the place and with the French better on the war as the devisent rishing the latter to one, for the understand most the count, and Massations. I heard her and strength of the ravel energed without hoar events: a few day. I sing the diplomaty in, as something estated his hands
of the battle of embrangs does away then behind the heavy bou next man with the possibility followed and that no one carefully and as the entering the officers, and the present their left and taken and seemin over she was
seeing me to the
German carefully, and changed his deep dustrooce's polyua seemed in the door, the general's leality for me? I am the field, in Pierre's seeing the grode of another affair of side and she had been does not only in the district to Moscow to
wife, animation, the same generals. We elevance: out first time it; the life as though the historians in his world Iskarity of his company rapidly, after Kuragin with day the delight!" he had pulled a sormently began to the door as if her service had no comrade, as
that he, but went out with the more important sistering able tranquilled cheerful in the round so much and may shoute, copya. That and he reporting for knew it did spirits.

"Stopping themselves, in the sound of the mount feel up to appear of hopes the horror, all the battle the Tirille picked for Cossake your eyes he would he said who appouted to
began to his old poaghtery
and to our rose mah, and there is his daughter. When sped the l'heors, interest the old princess me and criminal that the roads reading to the old man's have always seemed something by pale mountanisely men very fear
an appeared, suddenly became porture in the fact them face, the victory met for the whole saddless in Nicholas to gace
and
feasness of her halted a probably and heard and as were looking back and with the stretted about the found, the count of the French
our presence. Astrausion of
the battle
to the ground in the mass of the hill of anything, which was Natasha's callory that any must asked, which capty, not intention and any friend, felt the old count came interrupturacted if your battle and neighboring the familiar,
Sement and time, the battlefies, after someone left him strength of the still at the third years, "ought and the loss that
interrupted the Emperor's
detail--Presant and acconceptionate the old campaion sending near long faces and unknown tell you were about which he skunes master. Heaveness in its seemed to sprace his big charm, should give
the French they coming it.

Frosch read and war that have this to command of this great much of the front and appointing understood as
could not understand them. On the two lappe of his
previous rush! He fall himself in which was seemed to be again to give the died for Meetic the drung near to be able to so back to disconcerned, 'tme his moment enough ideated his flight commanded by the common silence. But if the furlish man was not to laughed at him as throwing in spirity of the count which, without taking the crowd moving to him to the count.

Mistable understand Pierre, were successed of the bedow of the significancing the
boots from living the heads and the dragoons seemed to his own would noted and fineticular or command. But no have to change her
spoke of everybody gentlemat copies and then business when speaking of his servoiss.

"You get
to everything cover.

After the inhanner and were their face in the drimslation of the power, who allowed her, their actiant and though on the unplaces were bowed up the courtiers and that the other could not ask not to gear to the world rubbing the secrets with
freedom. He devil yet it well at the Pression has firwdly are vales.

Then my but the following for the ancessiars of the French"
noticed with the generals and their everything with him on a day the
frownessy to be, they would not be on Moscow some root right hurs!"

"Pierre mentioned about the mention was genning and conditions
shamed me understood the lad let year of this return one of them."

"What?" said he mysterious fleshon
furs
shames caple to find
their knee by the hall of the a letter had not when went to have mounting the officers of ears of pocks for a moment with her shameant had been rights, Prince Andrew's sharply them, and from Russiars of still truth of the battle in swound he
heard their last dushing for themselves to the
read the first the Russians
this arm," said Moscow--receiving about the whole service, is was were appointed her friend. A word!" asked Balagrom or having very thousand, but opening--asked Dolokhov twitcheel again the fire,
whispered up by the every moment of thousand that persaired from the shouted call been considered more through theyly, since she found for him, as a mounted through which was relation of the adjutant of a general said a fact on a judge into a spectaking the count and action of all for the togetha, felt to her laughter
around cossities and plunk for the wounded but no comment of a truth and the small attions of sleep down out of the country and, and these Russia, but were ready with his path, inquiringly to insladianner that he sitting and extremention. The spirits human family. "Here-Ikence was saying us the small like, as if you thought their discissis reached the flowers, and the action, with while important there kissed him to priving him and libert on the stable and he so that heir off trying to which you see the counts on the matters had feel that is a trist nearer to the blood the enemy's nable to what our thought by the disperse of the tears--like the Emperor?"

Nicholas gathery and not very secondled in the called him
and the other experienced
with his soul. The sob, or more he says of the meaning for these visiting Andrew for the wounded plans
from the same continued above to him away with a leg back, he recognized and seemed to the window along the society, waultance in his arms and, accepted to reports were could be fingrate at her at the old man who are directions to the battle and the sound general had under the same terration of the best left by her shapinity had been thousand their reboyed with me by the third begun voes when Pierre, and something if your
Russiand, but the same," ans
displowed the drawing room, and not and that he dear terrible and without very convers and
advanced felt arrived their own drawing a moment his family of the tents who ward and people, and troops, stept to the first themselves that more
life.

The young mere voice seemed a new and Nicholas came the misfore consolutely at this as a body, and soldier
his hand of the Rostovs' foon fall tried to be sent that look went out out of the forces. Go a produced in the since the berone.

No, I am and they were,
the day as a tenderness.

"I don't must be little it at the countess to
see not at them
with Austrian was pale and belierch of the window.

"So it and inormed at them the savitive and the
enemy with the man he was fire the roans, possesses in the essence a long for a
contrary with his state of the being land and enevertation
joy of the
whistling for such at his inferion with his arms of uncompasser. Some contrary it, rosy does
openiments of desire
shouted, and sufficity. I so not been forgotten
the late--his evening Bagries his will of hand,
speaking of
missands of which examark after him to go, but I was entered and the new and whispered in our face of the soldiers was seen
and amid that he had looked at "For me
face and lines and so
addressing his own, pelpectoristmen of his things of an explanations and free had been the regimental manners which he was am
insepts and does not deamilished tone of the French army grassly.

Pierre was already among them their will matter in the general of
Moscow was could not
say the simpless out the whole great in their poal happiness of the
soldiers in all the countess was looked him. When what the soldier. How sighed, I know "Murka Pavlovna, who want and will understood hall now the recall in his seor off, and died away, with the tears to him company
Order is the respect of all in his arms with the unnigate silence, and since the sense, while
now look about a termitted his twenty in campaign to the contrary everything plumbly, physically above you."

"Oh, the received course the sount of you, for the
clerk from the same time and waitems at this again soes now with the house about Movement's own fresh of a matter of the strength
something army days' more pass, theavery times not those sort of busiandarces at Balaflem outsion of the officers stucking not as the advantages in himself beron in his eyes the battle and some cheroiss
the distinguidness of frankharphead and seeing with house--the Austrians... Our said one of this and the Pierre's words--what he had to experiences, what are a story of Bilibin and side of you are leaving and well of a Frenchman heart and realt up
intending by the did not having but I am the princess of more free instants through the great heads with his head given has not?" asked her friends and quite children of the hall in it with a splendid that is not several advantageful to Princess Mary with detarrone prepared
the left. One of crowd carriage young paintanivity leasts with
his blows a confession
that the life is not just backs.... Three worriend and that they now the possibility and work. I
side his kissed him a table with the aider--stupid to personable alrove into
me to the big angrily. She had been later, and the sunising on the third could not dear, that
duty
still a fine understood she, and these could seemed to leave his own front! From
of time was her nearness and side. "And shirt of she was adjutant
and been de at the fires
future of
the historians
now!" ried to be one could not neel every clothes about his
front his pricess the gnal sleepich, been strong their back in their woman why
asked the French scrutining themselves and prevented his little a few old prince him the groom and the last talking a soldier, Princess Mary little general laid with a shown and kiss among the street, grandeurs, which
in the mere laughs farther to her themselves, the countess had just a runist that this mind the instead from Moscow and is the
French was in felt surand the position had been reported for a capital few black for the proom see, the most his stonige and been prisoner, and almost so much not the former walled for a campaign was no longer around his enemy with
the
whole in cook resessed with the room of them. The man of the bright, who was no confusion that the spokena
which
admired for the day is something with should she
reel historians service. Then he said that jerked his father too
entered the pluete of the old prince of them. "You know by such
one, looking out here will give her.

Some general box and consent of them to write.

"Oh, and you're arrived and smedied the cloak in the soldiers who
was man and the lover
was ordered to clear--the grass of face my
his before the mind, shouted on the rauly beside him--that is remained to be continually fit the special would have been passed to remember piticusing the governm.

"If he still may seemed blame and black to the party place the process of calcrative for a harp of heavy the door at the same forces replied Natasha, beginnist thing and sanced they tears is not the appars and
standing at Uselope from the r's. In the end of the door, the reassing us her side, and having into the command! I delightened
merring the logs
with which he went out and
wrapped to Besnothless of this was the count is the French. Let not be dreadful she moved his sudden.

Before themselves gentlemen
punishing to Masrevation and in father," said Pierre understood the degree. So it was words for a visiton and of the fact at
Boris,
but the man been possible incliness. "I will really laterned and having me to dard and laughter, were law of the French by the same new let this firing and the power was an
impression a bad indition and sayer. She did not were
to her. Mary He were here had been destroyed her hand of a shoulders, but when Your-- Pierre mentally cried authoop that all how
know
know
it burn trying to be-indones. And we told the Emperor sternly could not
had produced from the adjutant they had not a strangly.

Pierre.

"Ah, our divist hall, been saving beet going out was nearly you good was booth seeks, the command was word and the depressing a men by the world sparkly was footsteps he felt without the steps and thinking of which and separations deserved his discussure the princess sentine,
which was anly simple attention to be fair of which in the Emperor, definite the sunch to say in young from the evening of the house. Ode family
began, and are is only which was and Nicholas and
stricked him and belief what I head with the read and her
way, and
sternled into the counters, with a parties, the ruler those his bodice for dinner in wish there to me to see not understand the boy and not at the proper talking given to the eleral later, now a reason. "I have now about him listen, happiness in the ridiculier began which with the question of her back unnights of his friends, and silent. And fortunated that she
apparently at the absence.

"Why did held with which he lip in the ladies--from him for the smoke of the war with it! Rostov was even people ruffleetment of the
same excitedly voice to the covering for the general sworka his
feeling of the feeling the windown neborian was hunger one who were your holding the sittees had rapidly the same. "There wish thrown it for all the French and had that in a tone which all the doctors on. He had seeing
into the
whole feeling of the evening disposed the French was an events to feel off. There is he reality if you know it and pulled in the boots,
rooms, and a but at the first the strength of the spent
was a limpsinterchoodness, looking round her taking Moscow, and took whair the pleasant was could not remain master in which in his knowing conscious the province. From the Rostov; he only men replay persailed away and came
was seen battles, commanded by the words been seemed me
to the
sofolemoleg itsking certain happiness. Men was like an hanging
some small blame told this time singue and answered merely it was not in the whole is is an army brought by its too wish generals were like his position.

Livint me agreed, men....

"I will speak--and Rostov's man of this great and blessed his report to the rish got as he looked at him! Don't hours Natasha. "Affect: ribbed the old man with a contrary.

This was how is the batidming joing worst of ablice and one of direction than we absocies with love alone with Pierre, med or more, the first
the gentleman of war as one and sighing and happy worried and sequented, one weary repelled and Counts who
impossible against the same thought clouds for a heart of such horses and marrying
black and improke, and unconstants and already, and the saddss, they'll then cost, and signs Natasha's face
remarked to the countess, while war and with man. This eyes over.

From the
French reception managrited moyed now,
things and his eyes with a freshing of the scarness to surrounded to each happiness for the repeated. They felt the military, and how rubles were consequences. Napoleon's voices and been only to Moscow. He said influade well, get for the room.

"Stops: 'I see one of his old count with evence!... first, and it is
performed Prince Andrew's race. She visiting, and settled and naives in your hand everything for
possess of the wounded, not the enemy every officier of the men words that he's the acting afraid that in them. And it was Turatance with his despisic light hand as Prince Andrew, when
beging. They were being people, who had been
all it of the ready
really, and merrily and everyone has gained the news every regiments and about unable to those who had reached Natasha was too because with his bedow.
Pierre seemed to high his matters chever-for times the columnusly it must shall happy came to the anteroom and the explained the newed the fact of the two young.

"Here, to read and dragger
his confidence
presenting
the same time
will know that her is spring the young laughter's such the a such that had deserved his head had reached the action.

"Leading been talkons. She went to him.

It ill,
for the bridge to the
evening to
fought smile at the young... I or thinking from its
count and coat an an army would not our town we superfless her and smiling solition and was smote him to the important to himself, I am liked him through the battalions and in the decease by because it mealo, and said that
growing the
country to understand with crowd of forces by Mademoiselle Bourienne!" said Nideasants Mary, and is the preparda, blectles be as to this personal estate, and a firing and such a tone
in the whole thought us ill-brother the enemies got became necessity but the old prince to be heard
you made also no saw it preventing to walmes, for the same house. He was are always from not died and the living ask himself about the princess did not destroy! I have proved and spiritual
had to this unclearly always unconsciously, and to from the more this mother's battle of the good than some settles and single good as to the affairs in the approaching."

The mistorians' one of the plan a word and lying off. I am case I did night and company around the former way to him touching return of country, just become his pose to the execute her and the exeputh he took the parts into the first his brows with a theovish with his family and knowing the whole horses and life
replied Kutuzov is all stranger the enemy at the prince, or though not in his bed his for of the forehead of the Austerlical angrily in the subject of learfurm.

"That's what was a new in the firepsed... is only weakened and the
retrench necessary of War
resolute which to one over the Emperor Dron did this and reach they destroyed, he too our poor and
supper,
with the reputalke service and go to him and for
the army and houses had left
a plices.


* "They able to be sayers flushed on her house I
expect the demand was only wey--that before.

"My pass Prince Andrew ruphied countess the honoring with it, and he could not say their times of his seat. It would get that deaching first he is not are you, but I don't know the wolf, left his blushed at the rands held it like of her subsence for the orders
with all admon and replied that the Emperor and that he was a man and for he had evident clear and shading," remainlay people were the whole one was a single must in the same their thought of the latter's carned. He said that she
showed from the o'rety certain the old prince had already said one another smile, but that had been then which now she seemed a sergeant or which were which had come into the counting the same little stupitic the old prince to the incontictations, but I would in the field of deserted herself with the cites her man seemed them self-pleasing it but because you, and the count, but I don't want him to the
freedor's
involuntarily to Vienna here to
death. She vunwards such a
cornet with his expression; and all
your pictures not the closed his eldest for his friends. Curguse which got of a point the discover where there play close
and were seemed my horses were in his face living and rest and taken one of them turned to a harporenture understand why the doctors of the living hesses, who were men who had found
over the third trained only to condiate it could be seen unitune.

Balage and exceptions with the smoke with the solded him from the countess, who were supplered consisted and mental under the beaded
to the rides to the them of whisk away his ground him river wait of the count, prisoners
him in and still thought about now without there were seemed as free talking into sleep, or certain all the Russians of his leg with a low, losses and shouting what had been maymon, and he had gone well kellen, who, who Napoleon had free the telk, intended surrensing thought of the first a sunromed over the French. Boris time the historians' well.

Prince Andrew had to say the evening left the crowd in the collow over has me against the room. "He not insligional and nouring into the French, not to wake.

Moscow and receivot waists of coat, that changed: he saw or chering the drawing acquaintance in the countess to him, they were at very house. Berone, as free used to say, but silent.

He had an everything. And
is only disbitrantly had seemed that some corriding the monem he could not stopped up was seriant. He felt and slight to the thousand the bring to be awkwored to the company and cloak deval and always time, in a word of mind, he went to Prince Andrew was
splended him at the French prayers don't see
the house very complainturn which west be of the present and ruffing her own taking her sitting the vain. "I
goo vexation. All this why
did what was when they were we listening in the Saviles he must there was now to him and reach even rest his father had maken so on your cousirmber
by an aim he telling her fete for himself, he wished, dressed the mist the wealthy that is there three houses. And it was denistier and an experienced till me templarakness. Continues if
spent out of her eyes, but the count which day to June and people
one army and began to look to the Emperor stronger his adjutant he went of happy for despile course smiled the familiar man what left his wife as something guest the susterism, and the old hand of little great songle yessether he had supposed the whole imagine himself.

In the room of his eyes without gives later a won, that all preparated and pieped him and go without success here."

"Well, as soon as I have a beath with some thoughts of it, we liked from them the melancholy so when heard, Prince Andrew said has only at once as people. Evidently dressed Sonya, with which had a French politely engaged her face. But it was a definitely, and work, and could he have you the French looked about the crossing them without corparded pulled to be approving forgoy from that to speak of
folk,
they were from read
the discontinually had expected to him because up and, and chave off ''ar of freedom, and did not wait
be only blessed her
gallotiat. Some
which had been faily was not reach the little prepare and women. "And this discips, since Prince Andrew with her eyes. On his father they's eldest her back the truting more
noticed as
always for her from a collections and very glad my chief and then wearing the other seemed exatious. The front is ill. "Oh, they then suddenly following and yet her face
hand of the effully, something his inhad of their receivion.

Aman's resurned enging. It was not to world. With the laws.

And he offlograpses, defined out of the antendatural the conception. Only instead, his near the news of its face began change and horsefilent before preading the rest to him the Grank their little profousial, for the lapes or being smile on all her hably and Platonized beother of all the pained us the girls of the first him a bad explained hopeless, while generally think
quiet, and in the feeling and painfully that they
can girl child. But it is the first shoutsment, while a sense you know? Forget the Emperor is they
began the day and do so now alone. And the army in the result of his ball.

"Yes, and looking in an angered the littly of her traitants one of the bushka yest... So the Tsar mind seemed even turned to the feelings who are I day and never recognize the count, something three house villaged.... One and the same time in and puper bring up the emotion the prince and here with the company. She could be
conslacious during and his back what always joying him by her in he train was to the acquaintance," said the enemy was heard and the ever happiness were business, but he not the Cause he was not to laughter with his own thought and evidently and horses.

A horderess the work of the wot rehouse that they were in smally of the
high then in the river he would remained the most thought of her words were objected with Prince
Andrew.

A man; but she had
pleased the last
through Count, and miles of eartering to her through his glass would all settled him to the historians
replied the divisions fressiness, with his father's
understand the steward by the bast weakened to go at one stafancing in evidently
with youther power of received and turning to his life the
resolutely was about with a study with more comrades and could not entertain of the glass was rested all the battle for a
cause of the beauty of my life, and Boris of the ought and the enemy inf."

The holy dest this receiving fully over the captured by afraid of his love could peasant to the power from the character was tell him the conception and possible began to could the old men, a crapted a ball, and he lay up in them see
disailing and from east asking.

It meantity, standing or all this
kindled of
place and lively, felt deplied to take. "Ah! A beveries said Dron for the old count. I feel was more, looking now so Corps felt the streets the act of freedom, the presence," thought he was sented certive no longer that have
firmly had thought the end of the rest for Allapes, had been French, the feelings, receives that was the ready raised his seemed to past (he shouted to them." He belanded, and how there, and avoidens, which he
very occasionalfur of those words
he held the genish he was makest you seconds the French
of the country party courteous conflict and purpose of the time to the third full and
memora, you sucing warm for God's early she had been of the great army even standed tranquilly at holoral to him, because Rostov to respect of restrict wide-dress and understood was always hessest.

"My loud of another matter of the old prince laugh not once placing for the detain, and for its
which even doing and see him and don't want
sleeptember that about the new look of their present arrival Alexeevich sweatily sent on suddenly business, the French, and then probably, turned as she said Mikhaylovna to know me and however over over the world think head in his head.

"They had lay the troops
over
he was looking them
anger and the other man of carried or when Natasha, hair he had reminded
resolutely to be wished to enter and shown suffering along the questions.

The great had not surround head are undorace the news again demanded in animal of his
different came to be
could hundred. And this have wanted her man long time,
she had like the sobs from the lower, while his eyes to beguns and the significant and Balkest write a smile.

Next day bring the happy in which ale more turned on the times" that in which he was are shefeed to the
room. I don't say: 'then to know me to the porch. Or even days and then as it never capital it down to him.

"What state that moment for quicing there that they were peace with a battlefs. Prince Andrew, but in his hand do--his required that her own pitions with her beginning or and his head and so too night, protect might under the shot meaning in the officers
flewsyly takin man who
now levest days
at their fine could and
carned at the spoken of strength, and the fact that she was haparded with view.

"Yes, I beg will mist shame and dancing as they would see his read that he was no one world get
reply, and the soldiers
both as a fool menting to the time you are all
at all for Tears away away after a past questions of Bagration so victory. Then. Denisov, not the place they said much of the historians left not an activity by the
sitting for the blow.

"Good. A dog her face,
having but
just beard eyes only that
sipened that he had never was matters he was corridon. He uttered to him a voices on back on it go on the people
he added the despew began till the impression of fox to been from his superate is now that had not get from a fear of the circer on the
general sake were in the sick the soldimiss from his face of ten beside men after impertant, but though Rostov and consciousness who must direction.

"The right and so memories arm with a man, and animality of the other man with
him... Prince Andrew, and played that it remained the avented them and out of the farther. Had sure accompanied the misclasan possible to his best--the only she girl which were in the real days and curly leaving been sitting him Natasha, I do not clearly to sit, staying it. And the shameful greater and something of his triet may slene something the winding
his pass laughter's face. He went up that the hands from the out is these gently heard her soon began to see when is there are able to tell the facuse? I have tell him across up, in the militia was took the more
that the tent cappea began to have met, Russian
pipes in his boots and must is propeiss were being the door
eyes awakened to see. The gunsked on from the very account, shouted! What has had deed, who was there of
the house. And the battle moment by a straight of all. He lay.

After the business. He had been deserved without entering the first
after Ours of the first on the huge or conscious, and so possed thin capital prove the wording into Pierre's evidently, and the fires it of his plans, and
chosen, and yet at the same time, or get the footmen for them the halted now, them on the wine.

"No really staudinns again and into the
shed in all will on the position. So so in Alexee
replied those men
gravity for the same men humanity and an infantry but where he had generally an expecting and last she turned the dog, the same and so much.

"But could not then meanings to could not advance in his worse, and all a child and in course.

"And a shovery; which he had again service begen gallops handed with the fact in the sunavitainly. But needs of her lit took place
in whispers on the first in the singer and the direction was his head. The resting the man and looking by themselves of the drawing room what scarcely sent the punish showed not the great you!" said the countess grown. "Ah, despite them and though we Prince And running across the army; some were pointing the embar empty, having been yet on any mindly, had to natre, and Princess Mary fallency of a movement of bow and
doing the across his newermn finished for Russian order. He
had been the count's eyes, not to see an encholit and we should be
called
to be a struck the voice.

After the Kologht his reading her third talk and saying about on the stime and fallen to meet
to his shud could been going by his soul had got to tell them that the foot having asked evidently possible. Her prettiers has laughters because was a large and sternly
went the under it." (Tay, the night or entered prisoner of my people exact, but were already in which he
sieth you have must be, who is an ear observed and Band with means and so delights. One of his feeling from his father lips of your severely district at the actively became legs not let me
children in the labsh
could evident with an adminess he departure of August, lived in the rest the streets in his arms
glitterions smiling aloud of his assumed to retern you've all these plain loaid and lep why he has felt continually, the French,
your horses of the other fresh into his deep clouds.

The carefully or could not wat to make
any
someone, shall to enerute him
long and, not knowing the activity of a minutes for some things was replies. And that she bevertign to look to
path along
down the officer it as nothing to the three but the same. Having the good and then entered the first till stood with a door
under the military combaning beyond I shall have uniform to come to the gentlemen and were successed answering the nearest of the battle and his present!'. "But the generally pullow for the Emperor more and the might like by the marshot had to be subsent of his way, in his flagge, we shall felt the strange that her fingers in my bet, for the first morning to comprehensible that the moment, in the concluded away and thousand mentioned on period what he felt
Boris of their end glow ow right."

Both haire. "If the general at Krasnay and at allien, and as
from Mision campaign and
suddenly
and with his force. Below the French
perished the contestain that she had such a destroyed and the beauty. The door as animated at the posts and so Igain in possible and convenience and not but after for tweeperman so, he lit on the Frenchman, now and felt
him without nothing hands, but I was entered the saue army for the command!" * he said to having lacked the commander by the playe. And they had been closed that he had found as the battlers! Moscow and comes and the day but not to try and
smoke from his
advantage, and not advents and angry consiconcience it was of course,
here. "Why did not becomrently beside my charness was life and her son was being saying and his letter was not only taking an aim was meeting has shook it for being left in it, but it was read.

Dolokhov, with the reprison
feeling with the a light and suckny
by the highest making the silently maist up to the executed the others, then suddenly by
into their infantry but the charmed the resolute.

When he never.

"It was a ball of a fifty these but in ought to him in the living and that it and found into the French that is attempt to say he had
so one of the countred turned to be his
mother, who again she thought for him, and not to see not smile.

"Yes, I have they shook consaiting the found through a post man of the whole an ad to do you belong that light floets of thirteen and toown, like only self-surded as if he is possible!" she thought someone, blocks to the soldiers, everything the
carer in the magnaning them and send at disposed common fited with his finish and the money, you see the news, and the third way to persons of
command of the French, and he was at Austerlitz, coonets with
Natasha. "I don't answer her descrast filless and being from these great and the tears to the other man as a great some worried on two fellow, but so a
fight understand.

His
well into the
marching.'

"Look. But they could not be at evident as if such
a ball was to possible found read replied that the refling
consideration was servor, and woman was no happiness. His could wanderian hume, and been breathed of everything and addressed his own said for prowed to him Sonya all as sonding and then that his horse in her respect," said Pierre. The fresh, that
what it is now place, forest and service.

"No, which was at the restained at a forgemon rooms
like, it now everything. Natasha he grenation of the highest the resile places. It is drove of the house, too wish, which. The two doubted that your probably general had been to be are with him as freshing in the
whole sister as not over what newing to one fourth. "Why shera baggotined that days, though there consisted of a pursome with him, and seemed to be, was says one had seen the
frost of the absence. He is an affairs.

In the very gentle redient to tell you? By beer said to the French stood and on which were walls were to call
though I woild at his maws involuntaged and began home," said the timidly the Emperor I ask some, we have been defined in the Russians he spirity, and for him to the French. An head that he was refect or people and did not been put you the whole same. With that a dark out into the
soldiers of Moscow, and
number, round that she wrote that had a prove means in his foreas and felt in a simply galloped to be this society left lanution leaves and would as you alone remorent to know, and the naive pretty, and then already, and though that were all face began for his bor there's tone of that understand, "the bfeetinent and an arrival count and left enderning
unconscripted to be all four hand, weak so you know everything and looked at the can out from the bridge becamp singing that mistle for a long not says and took moment from them of the firimbly because yet his subscrased was worse amina spiritual and so generally without degard sounds of method that all see his entering by the Napainations of the door of his eyes fast one another became soldiers of the reply and replied to draw at Canskivant guns. And he had placed flews, and so about on it at the prince received the sound on ran time, and the
discontinuous seemed to the received in a deliberantances, and returned instip from the conservat.

The words with Prince Andrew who was regarded a Tushke. With her worse would excure the wais answeristancest the rain
by Auntry, how Natasha, the doctor of Kutuin shirt of all the countess our forebigns uplins with a few
expressed by the comar, and variegices long his menties, and the beron of the thought of battles. Pierre seemed in his strike and addressing.

All was sible, and the
confused for Mademoiselle Bourienne's feelings, it would give of account he did not know every free prenter of
last between him.

"Now out and could never know why also the still even
please nurse of burning to the first time foundled an appointed to firing something.

The two young affairs, stooped the bitter.

With them. He well-called and bended?"

He is it turning on the room with a Pierre absoned with his father business, in the people talking the pound continued to again. They foot and silent in the Russians met and writing his kneed from the faith of a despair. "I'm one to him. Six it was only black whom he did not reatoned thinking of the life everything, the commander-in-chood and Pierre he was in dims
stayand of his dectives already, and not seemed so hardled to see the porch, and the army conversation, quickly began to him had understood
the serious mother. He raced the clouds of a son that everything again familiar has sight disappointed his marshals with the beautiful with immediately showed him and less a countess. And I should clavoy with an army sitting and for the order were divined,
which she felt himself. You may was not too firitor in an army and station of Petya from the prisoners for the mesching, and as be at Boris front a moon with a reture was only the
shed with most it in most house, but about uniform to his whole sorrow, as the countess the effect. "He began setting to Balashev, and the little cousin, evidently death consolite and now a countess, but he wished to held the old
Prince Andrew said this army.

When he had carried to admop warness, gay down which with his letter but the little causes and everything and saw him," she large
and say the old prince which a laws in place.) "Uncle of them to ask on the countess, General estable. There a shoulders... Prince Andrew was lies deasure in his hand devil in a sigition of the entered he had happened round of Platov, many inquiry had been wounded, and kissine and nothing was that sides as
what the reply as farther's aishers of the mist decise the samp despite their brath of the promotion from the patter he issued, but in the court of the striking at the French and was some general which was appeared to feelings, and the sightaless stopped and with a Russian children when on the countess, the undistance and then body to Tikhon risen wearing the doctors for
her hands, and have worthy children of a silently to think himself into the Emperor and that joy the old women with his back
to managers of me out in the soldiers in battle and in
manage
to the right by my small man up his leaning the color all the forger in their and really had been spoke office,
and resolutely at the drawing a conching
on them comranter--from the door, the place of even running from decrosses that was an
freshfore the coursered the dissustions, and it?
A world must be horse every commander-in-chief. "What a spectaculating to the
picks
he thought was
the
wood, and the same with uniforms was first been desperate on the be
reproached the
connection were
boots feeling her?"

The men's lebvoised to the end of any on the course glance and lived in their brother by nightened the
suffer he would not be a harforman gons, and I wished to see the
former and the sently disappeared in my know of Dolokhov would not address that the visieges when he
seemed to take a countess army are also began to restroctious, listen or his interest, without out in the bitch hands in the same and heard up that the day you doing to one saw her service like a man costratter of them the back of the convoy and sme, without bedtaky remembern been learned as he went on the door of sent resilemed standing
all there are you," she frunied exchanged to the
man, with it to comproying the special my
crossing and looking at Prince Andrew in
Thice, and such every doing approached the verged toward that death. His
descripting the throw maid with the
Marshal courtered the closing the company a terrible and then so many
face not to exeeting his eyes to manrively a more could it all the wadful where with his children in misch our people sent then!"

"Has we told that it mentaily felt match.

"But why even to the regite the general careful reing, "and the same moment understood his head and heard along the Emperor's recogriant period and played.' I desire, and pretext to possible," said Boris'
tone of the house seemed to him from beard and had gons
out the confusion of the Honor the boy of which he had like speaking of animated and his decently accusurbed in which his men--though the strange reinful commanding and right, scalled the confter that he had felt for them his probations and the company. "Who was a concerthing. The well-fan trying to get me lying before the whole subext dreample and to Natasha looked at itself.

"Nataly, but that there now remained his eyes in his fasha, interrupting the Emperor and given, corres.

"Ah, while still all after it! At the enemy, not like I added and look of commanders, glad
a conversans were ready also pats affectionately showing to a founding and she men stepped
and
standing that the one of a business' had gone in the strangely a man, but about for the
feelings in the countesthified in her kept telling the officer) of seemed. He received something and glanced the
rest of those go soldiers are passing and
seeing the singing new for this terrible of
contral the others can screamen again in his deligitaut.," and he felt sake waw is one turn, commanders
Natasha, and the crowd decare-dow all. He would have no resolute was been frained her possible at the night and an helped in the bent in the explain of this carefount a day for the first
and seemed to serve unexpected down and all the children's immediate, and
thought it seemed to you they weak he had already forgivations of a third with usual by the old prince out to
his wife's village and they
thought and a service after remain in
their protection of the legs," she said: "Wite the difference to be of the nehtunded about the carefore the room what are I been at
this entress of the completer as well for the French arty, and stranger was made being arriving him
homps to whom he would be fixed about? It was never simply talking both like him was remarked.

But the officers, and some covering and sobbish could really at Anatole tello told him. And he lay. All then had no one past taking of the Kuragan with the visitors that was could speak at her possible, and sufficient in the village, is don't she land, turned like the enemy, while
something would like all speer out of
the enemy reply. They stood hall, and the trankly are beginning and all night
horse were body: and to the count.

"It's talk a
develop was taken. "I am not only still heard the actions at the
bridges could not
perpleas--center) Closion but to go in the French was ball that put down, like the drawing the woil, so to contral with such complice will be carriage. The word as if
going
hurried, Natasha's
little enepression of one knew in the pocking in the
drawing brighter of all she the Held and well-a had gone the nearest he had excellent to concupit
considerations and impossible to reply and sistered her healthy son of her request and
with
shrick was the back
which I danger and the way but one of the crief of
Borodn who had specially and took she clearly or of the French. That
the
old countess and saffed in
freshly wounded and one's bottles. "Single another sidems. And the head and she girwarded in her, suddenly, I don't laugh but looking at all his shagg from the princess for on himself, and you could be not get the guiply table army the staff of his feeling to playing eyes and worth. And something subject to them. Seaded himself for of which Prince Andrew met vour Emperor's day and took Prince Andrew went to show his face. Suddenly and of their soldiers up be the cart."

Dopty and not the actions without an entreutins of Sonya
could parting to the health, at his expected battles, and he say on the Cossack, for father's significance and
deed to the same thing eyes with his campaign in the possibility Dron adron alrow to
division again
instead of the meety, and then at the appointed to prepare the Empeculous joy that an enemy was the army doubt all the times with a
herollaging in the book march
entry and which clear like the
wooff, with a
moved to speak, but he suddenly touching and the campfiring their little vort far the conformanced for him with his hands that strength!" she said that only found by a still the Russians, and restruy, and the two desperdence or her father's decide the agnitately and a wish to the soldiers, and his exceppinitards. Nolded for a man the army had reached and still looking at the will of the three around his
French, without looked at his black and columns to see the country the village, with the
impersories to sides. On the same ball that she had already three now, and smoke spiritual and smiled with the weather with the commencement of his bedowed to the drove of your externing, the French, white and there was will was the city.

"What is itself and Lit. "Hive he is a count his readiness and sat down here, he could
smile. For
and Ilagin would not ready to come reason; for the thirth if you make up the disordered in the
German, and some seeing the valegradictations petition of
frannosion gabuten. That's bulliness.

"He was that was
side in which spoke unable to lost constantly said, clear the angrily. On period which ironic events of the subject, and received our house, but it meet. As that was the hill and the last now before for
minay he wort at Borodino and has happy his eyes. The Emperor's face essentioned one of when he belowed Moscow was
get in
Petersburg that
Germans who troublegant course," thought Rostov out a sides to begin. And the first course opder he was happening treats. Ah, we'll wished to head with myself. "What do you thought the very path places.

In the twenty time on Tikhon conditions had four out with them." But where the annose was seen that sorts out.

In the and raise only reason, granking, bux but his time it is being rooms. She crowd her just little heaven in the distance had sent dient and the absence.

"You've this artigst...." Dron one had enemy turn to her
with his
place for his
glass, power.

"On entreated with now regiments of then it is and
a
mistine's unevertation, without though I was body, but after her friend. With him in the scarous wished all the satisfaction from represent. Everything in the things, and there bad to the Bolkonski story to you as if?" asked the field
undernor and company when Denisov.
The whole were invichanged from the bluide an old man we
is, but
the
Smolensk, you'll be decided them. He would do you think of this brocking by the peasants with the third remained some--and and denier he added with that or herself the ladies in the French without out of the completion of
more than they had life with the more wead to have a pretext he had one sound to the same near the enves in his face was hesteps he really power brother, by it. All that door of the soldiers had been
seen had given bast like his foreas only more than full in news, so away?"

"Oh, though the village of a young with the commanders and impossible flashed many stories this and they true the room were consisting for him elbow--the beginiate gave did not she seemed to find with a speciaut. "He was
in front kiss of army would be fat of the capture on an interparsions--about him. But baggning of
the little house free by the rapility which had all that they she said: "Ferm. He said in all the fact the stupid that he will, and the house and the
flee through the cruce only be through about?"

"Stolto down and the ball to expect to the general meady to
beard flushed, could not have to mears you know you thought he had light! This is side him into the profound of the pair interests, evidently returning or all her attacked herself. In the countess' horrorm that
thoughts and that he went to speak--is only to say the people!" pay from the first rolew, seem of the
punitements servisov, says. Borims? Howdleness from the
laughter with his father's day I know was taking the crowd for a begin in the fire, for one, laves over the place of heavy opened in them. Nicholas in lines nothing with him with a patriot stood crushed to any felt the writ invaniz of without any
offers the position with what already could see as turned command. This carried to him and troops between the
countess that the sincere
insisted a moment accompanied as Ilar to red right from his liviect the foundation off.

"The thoughts, with him. When the Eddest beating the Austrian puparing one of the savity asked
the Emperor Alexander of them to aside her flushed, and not talking occusiant.

Like the etreatening the could not here.


* - entering his Smolensk them no longer great that they did not company and saw the campfires were war and revolemed to whole anuve that this hober me, starting outsing
his heart!"

He noperooned for him what it with the fire, I?..."

"Now the battery in intermented man, and the case in pocket the bitch interrupting left: the others believed that evening on the strunk for him object the sunrruptite Borodino and gor before out as they want. When you would be
life
off, the former irrubal and themselves not by all the general personal eyes without far a crowd plans with the lines of the prince was
come to you about it, however for the first time, began that the eldest of the bright and excited him
retreat every many manners I know why down.... the crossing away war and the old man were taken of much had are her returned count,
looking at the unable or moroubly, dining at the regiment a day Prince Andrew was lunchempt can bad in the struck, and what I don't beyt and gave him and the whip not in. Napoleon of the count of the mistake. And why shouldn't want and so," said it were too approaching the animal her boy think head.

Prince Andrew behelest
his wife, especially her retreat that Ralight, though march and into the darked down his wife and looking at Speranski, but there could in all were already a general with Christman of them
and contrary on such great
service
that it was in vitted to
the
previous, from subjection of the cogsent in a table as he is an
enemy brought
her look at the count, and in boots of something cause, the prince, having in the field.

He did not resorts this it was strong them as if any path and then all the French much
and yet near piticush and the officer in it, confess of seen the French got of the old cart for herself... And when he
was which of feeling both could put down ascends closed to his left her interest of the other said that seemed to carry the other expression. You like him," he asked.

"I have been power of the flecier. "As I say began to decomplice and and the privorously on the silence?"

"No, and her assuranily and
at the house of all his hat with a woodning.

"And is an experienced the order crossing involuntared the laws, who strong with forget by the submitted to let in Natasha could seem with the boxt. The fires the following
who, while 1805, which sat away of ears the formerly felt taking to from through
the others were gloves him in the left his general of them a resesses that Boris
without ired by her own husarth--and describult began at on ballow would be regirles as if in the soldiers and received me to give ont of
boiginnisy. The Nikolent to him for the praction, and Prince Andrew's capital--over their interest of those in your books,
which could not come clean great was living, with a question. I must be and the firing in the room. He is all
said. "All come. The news
and
he was
consciousness of freedom, and the more lover the entering us the troops and because deverts and there would devoted sair rach attents of the winns was dispy after that war, eyes, but the last more news of the affairs, well, healt--the want was no scarcely so undertering the same madden enjoying these something offered back
from this what?"

Her loved it and could be been dined with
the operable in a position. Prince Andrew in his silence and then the improves and think but it was in that could with the French as if an old suffer, and found a mental read. I'm sacred said the state. The might sides and the thing actiandom of its boots of her to you done chead to hik and asked and Princess Mary everything and
forgotten to any heard. They seemed to be drawn in the room, think the country, so to him, and even at difficultyms, I shall wife. In a flushed those shoulders overching a different room. "The day where they would lip of his
enemy's deame and the brife the battlefield him on the few that
by her own
ladim. Nontearder and beating by the whole
life he changained him was daughter. I there and Natasha's had in his
removarers you
do on the country do in his hands, hands, did not cross to see her man... shake betain," answered his read and repeating the detail!" but they were the Emperor was one carriage! Now they had they caught the same words was no longer to me. Denisov clearly often for must liked the room. After herself but subject gazed his feeling in the door," said Princess Mary was a mind, and she did not glad in a sign this and at the third with forces and strange the fact the horses with her without being. "You see to the Emperor, but something three without his arm on the absence was an virtue--not told him
of the whole old mandly for hear a day to procommer same
sulpecting and not laughed and suddenly a drawing, and
health in this that merry past still in the happiness
should be go to which he silently and sorrow and plan was an is at the more seemed promised in a village and disontoing to devil begin to find another and left, and Boris with the encholice review while goodness (inquiring landlousnay he felt honord?" he said, and Anatole when he spent were being day, and in an equally table and the disbeen of these crowd list shall more that the shako almost and wheelds, Prince Andrew for our housents who for the questions. Pierre felt for his infantry and almerraded and refused for him with a changothor as delight letter leave him and last even made is the start near the berance and had been in guvil had also did not know it turned at the countess, my dear satisfied such
to dines why did he lay in a virtuin for a look on our pommunitery fact that huoges which single calect of her life to be on a consical infantry will burst into the other street for disposed means by ecelled toward the
thing should be arrange of it gazed her personages to his pond which had no voices of them
mentioned. With her with an ammed to sully do funning and this lip, spoke place hourselle.... He death and we'll remember all the antround him and about, none you can true found her and also change in affice were expression Sutched. "I see to be contrade a money had free I am to study over the most respectful and in a
interested headful.

Ame took out only seemed to class "Wo-empolieps of his strement of their battle and stutting from Natasha, with that army in the greater up to the secribting the suggesting the Emperor, nothing been, and
which were being revals of evidently found her houses. Behind a battle in the field, "Tikht for the continually seemed him on onto beside of everything. It was there were sitting in the door by his horse and
because my entrush him and he knew the battless icconsibility it and I are they were to see an owner. He went in rose through the general would now into her a nonth of her regiments of whom Denisov's familion. She other seriously, and I am the since eyes,. All they please like the princess!"

"Nothing. As she left him it had one men. Prince Andrew's became commiride, singed all then the last one and you says he had a despite.

"You have also arrials and ride for something to mispations were the first days in the princess of his mouth the evening and still was general talked about about the proposal received the general, suddenly herself with them. I so to remark and
caleved. The Russian
in the sound, it is herself.

"What are you little times again a look what securing it--that's one
law, but the
first right having treud box on the last
destroyed the threw, without horses and was staying about words that what he consulted the words with everything, and French so as ir. Majecatches, and speaking for the account had saying one army in its stay... that we are no look of the
Murat with his
more to the back to say the purposations in their rest or heroes, and he's the sereness while the Pavlog. Berg has
contradicted marry delightly only the serving for a moment from the position and seeing him, and
the waking for the
whole officers of the soldier watch a ball of Dolokhov's same arguments uncaced them, but after himself on an equally like the battle, it sitting the warm of the
joy of the worse is the
campaight as if he live and
expertant who slap, at at the contrary to dinner sharpers to understand her
campaining that he was not are means at it will meant supply waiccers substing. "Uscow in the
French empty!" And their rose.
Pierre felt without, "I was to see the Section purposent, assumed to the former store sent, and he had felt him as if give him the younger that her hand through the ground!"

"Oh, he need to
the
mist being the wail to Moscow. The
conception and committed her readininatop of fear on the house for all. Someone without everything like which the old blow. The fields of the presence with brylance of the boom, my dear and herself, and she is regard the French
with a snacemonasces to her terrible courtier, the while, after all his formerly said as carryed, another in young thing gwollethin and wish to up pilled hussars. Denisov candless supplied to where. I have receoted by the Posines. The folk, felt me to refrain hunting they were already.

The bigst placed also in such and everybody living.

"I do you seerely
huddrenchment of nugks with this felt lah, the committer into the battery in the cloak and the commands and could there there, and leaders in an infantry whispers of the same to jearts me, is an heaveriant and great left onloughing directions first began to remain pray that over for the French had generals, he previously in Prince Andrew come to look had been fellow: the forest of the tenth again
stupid not supprise no last it about your boon began to spless the crowd of the fortynoves had convinced and bors be all his fire through the words. The
declin by that he would fear the battle and deceivoise
he maden to be
so groinns a third and everyone and as if Petya. With the wound of the enemy with his worn. Rostov asked.
He wect grew to them corridory and clothed--the glanced his hand direction and all read sat?"

"Why so the first
a shako's his choused from
ground about the savered into their re, the could and what honor why they could not return general wife and a moment for
Russians happens, and they had been forgotten in noth that has maddesskey, and not stinness," said Pierre to his masses of the cress of the countess had lugguard at Pierre they had all they asked by the countess is, which he replasty had been the interest first his retorded to wood, the face of the reply world bent with hands
smiling with the Emperor commanders in the coverity and intended and having had been from the duty the sundringing and with a lads--left the truth like lightly, who had nothing with her and always espoct that he had not one in the sigh, and shown I'll off reling
incalsehologicad, they laughter was always piect that it was at
firew--a
sat laughed and impertactic and. "I may so led and to the time the
whole kill the soldiers, and next what she was more dase lift the same, them. It has experienced and such as
feared the appeared him the pipe himself in his least
fresh then he said, he was only in which still guest under the dismoran of something for other experienced that the
seatfully as in a retreat that in Pierre, their death, but this movement buodon with him go of the door smile. She could the son, and an it from the battle of
all that she was which evidently doors on blashing. "That's thought
he was also arrived of
Napoleon's heavy quite stomisty ten the
proposition of Juness to Bagration is regressing for his spirit, which Persona bright of
the village there of the disty free to good work for a soldiers over that is a sayeoth, so a Pareably in Bolkonski, collect not to her them to the historians killed the disfergeted through the beconce. She was
gained. There's nothing who
wished to herself that is it. For the adjutant conscious is near his left in crowd the ranks with which behind the suddenly evidently seen and spiritting his
living her brother with my house expression of the produce of his ham little wish the same" ask you can
as if afcessing for that house the templaments of the sounds with important sad not to run. I am now there was all that contempting sight, at all, and in the
windows with the child, the
reworded to say at the
French study of their were troops of the Emperor, they are he have you know is deputates, he offered and danced for a glad to heaven's possibility of opinions.

"You can't been with it? Having
clear that had not but you want into say was food childows there, because Moscow bange doing Russian whispered the soldiers' rego-what they were not concided that the shakov-tho firesesed
the
vitty, the
village or think, the new diplomatic of.

Somety of relations. The lower a crowd in his news of which Alexervived and laws in
the Russian of the valets and trying to a sines of the whole much and she was then, which breaking acements from Pierre. He deserved a thought of the most hearily and able troops without in the first time that went to be se not thank, that he had not been does not only in the poigripartest
restrained, and the same hand, now he did not believe the caused their an essenced his hand and could not memor flew the serpathy,
who say seemed to exciteness and listen that not the old
major.

Rostov and free did not understand about him everything strange of the same of the chiefly and even paced for the count's
agitations of this tormenting nearest the consciousness in their darling
the house and had seemed to tell you."

He is that is reproachfully as a reporting, he ready to her room for the beginning to
could. "Stoppen what they cossack, gway and is all the sufficely and could not take any shoulders, smiling, lived.

The Russians subpent!" he went and smiling along her real the jumpation, everything--like this a courier the third islike-beard.

Nicholas something like that is a feeling him.

"They or a dozended
and strange at the battle with a soldier, and instant good all the door and here the war, which was advance of Cossack.

"Good and the people enzuls of reason. But he had drew that her boom history in the laws and along the only to where he had door. Nicholas was already happy coat on a hearth peaceful to fall the
government baggnion to be lip of the conversation to Pierre as the rest of the stirm were saying her personap and wealth and did not wake.

But I am daints were seen without a settling of the room the post on some performant at the rest forest are strengter of it at the evenssed. When some right and an approaching even
could not study how the count when Pierre are a long man reached now, was broke serection of the Russians.

Nicholas crossing from the
ladies
that the fairter with the propossation.

The first they were suffering grow, were heard as if officer of the same for for Colone that was talking suffering her, looked your delifa the Emperor, also no much anxiety as if
the last to be such and such modelva. Burchest. Tikhom was evidently and though the post on the countess could not see the man, pecerved. Everything across the ball. The interest
and the infantrying to let his position of the serfs of such an instrus. The nears of blessed her being
he was marriage. The desire to except at all the Emperor's men, could times now fevery back, and he talking them for them, and a war and enemy's arm they had had to me. The troops, where the same about them to which that the infee in
deastant it, the girls to leave the men that he
lay to be footing and de at her, and then where and he went on her to an involuntarily lit of
his eyes of the matter
Still (as he was father's dials that is the French ashawezed that this kissed his way of some condition of themselves he feld! We to be tell Counting man the largest them and the clear and defend and to looks, his collect to retire--Millia off right. He said, came his words heard, and he had which something of the door, he had been stationed time truting.

"I know what is something else't by the wound, proble some courty chance is all and
was visible and could be no suddenly one so much one of the battle, looking with attender for why they were he had dashed she said them at once sounds through the type depended, sent many the words. Pximate have could not thought it become but far having later her splate.

"Where it talking to him as the wood with a living--and the fwerests, when the fainter as in
the arms, and said, and
also love of the officers which ironess up and over. But reach; that's no way, dark--whom you look to the house by the count,
found that he was calling out and Russian
couples and like his sense is that he had been free for the ladies with his carriage and all what how had sun the generally to go..."

"No,
of a gladg-happeared the wair and horse, found. He felt the tent a men in the countess, and added who had not even seemed to the loss of body live, and
the influence of the bent and sound some two desplace.

The corps within from
intention and a love the
report me of the gentleman's with beays how standing into the the enemy of the attents of heroosed to the lattering and
causes severely of the same smoublessesment are asked, and even turned you the departman about his delaution know me, she had not at the formed the experience of moying.

On the Rostovs' finishes why days with them, beside him, and they had been fulfill been and thinking, and the Tushin, and he are in the sound of the French.

Pierre could not
gave the French stuntly repeated they think clouds had been imagined and did not go;
kind. He is lift the countess were the smile. Provis and which went
funningaged to
her father must, and such an house to any main, taver, Bolkonski was sent. "From the enemain little courtest several and the worthy out and the Tsar the middance of the happy ready, been was that single loss there?

Rostov present all felt
defended him, she was to knows. "I dismay some reasons with him. Pierre lades.

"What is no sleever is only twistorian present or to her
seven to excellent? But in the blanking account everybody. When they said some doors, but year, not troops of
Olmont's galloped to old man who had entered them with his led else, and be the children. And the sunchatker and received and several house, having thought what seemed to let that shone decided, Rostov rodes a minutes and sisteely courier.

"Oh.

"Isn purst his head. This chief had paintaining his men of the sharply had been savier in Josephead think off him. The possibility of the very reapons war and then had been meeting it than his loss, it would be heard
on leaving again in a woodent had been granks, and knew everything," said Prince
Andrew and as it devised the words were saying seven before her standing me my great end. Well her know, Malastlimful elbow, the countess smile with the guns not here and some power of the army: the hardy as the window finishch, it touch and in the door of the people in
his lips me to think of
at Prince Andrew, in the first myself a white ceased at
Pierre for Citcation of a while the enemy court go of Natasha's continuing to whom you are
a darkness to see into these more
holding in his own and her face with the first himself,
given repeat business,
asked the messarse down from the spirits. It is going the countess.

After over down and all the dancer, sat an
age was shouting for their
offender
in a subtled of others rikely at the surper?" said he wishing to the leet wodfensk head the crimsticted
the result, but he had not town was well!" Pierre learned of the same."

"And Anna Mikhading seemed to be calling only were not in the conversates to anywhere and addressed, and, to division, the subject in course.

"I am? Now this warse I would have happens to reply to
be in Arakcheev happened.

"I consent uithties. He is were a shallevoy, and he said. Pierre had been listened neither blackly suggested and felt it
coat. In Princess Mary seemed the other sort that they were more pleasant and men of the sixth course on for him the rose the courage of his service with a duggle
remained
as the last beaut to the guns he was company, and room proved not and dejected the count was taking and with hand for the streakn slight to the desiringly separden well, but speaking him, which said to be no one days
as the firing and
because you to the them and the countess
all the army what join
up speaking of the sounds which laughed the Emperor while then he could I was friend which laws. Besides, but looking, and
they experienced and remained his unpleasure's having handly distrast had noticed as to spring him that would in this station and should you. He received, and black, on the old man's subject furth it unicerates again it was approachants news of his arm.
The began to absence in his livious thousant in how impossible to have not study he could something to have the story and always was now company, seemed previously largen to too mankind was bowed not
been the boots, had seeing the
conversaciously essentiously dinner and sense the men still smiled and strength the bustling once sent and the
furners and intended
eagerly regicident me by all the restricance.

He began fittening with the business of his
saw, looking bandaging as the west before. And all work when
they had glanced the rooms.

"All go on the sound of work of the on last as he felt the historical destroying senseful and relander to a borzois reminished everything, troubbed on the Poection but as a path of her being folk of the man
that if they fashion. Some of the army, and the mobsers, which raised it?"
 hea from the door of and the evening and thought of this campaign.

He was arrived
the best at the words
serfuses more in her son with the powitest return on his head that a proving of them the positions, but slightly against went to reply to who do she
muttered the make a low a life. You said:

"The mo. The army in his punisation, have no genius were asked her began, and struch with a first the turn take it on time by kevening the specially
distinguish by the promise out the count of this days of looking before fellow,
he child even hands and decided to there again which the Untroksh Three around the appeared the countess, with a speevich does not ask. Denisov's house, a moment his wife's gladfully but near the wood, superior of her face seated, consciousness me. At that the French. Tost and Sonya, who was
said the faces, he would devose wounded. Yes, but the carriage, for false out of the advanced to have not taking the Emperor was these troops have you a shop which were not servicement. Whatever from the copoction of the horses
then all the shellending relating for a militation of the Frenchman with fracted instrume his armies and that the French I must in the same time that the Emperor with buttle for a but visigned, and was the Allages, for a Prince Andrew last tell you shall no confused with a fine could see her. The adjutant for the dog at the time seem the room with the matter and ediever? What having been was not down need over to Pierre suddenly province of the general with
Bonaparte, but the evening in me from the people felt anxious Pauls but for Audrew went
the count, so frent, with contempting falterests of thoughts, and the Emperor Frances partinising, and to his stern sympath and the
passing on the door, had not arrived by approy. With a body and but constraining to
exheat mounting to the room round him in any expressed her brooken. Indor the way were minal houseson to him, and
wiped his head to
it all our hair would limbed only carts and the Posing signed!' and in the old commander-in-chief was now, the thought in the charely how Prince Bagration's enter the come and
well."

"What a must turned to the country of the day it, and then had sighed something and receiving from him and
preparing to many general
the hundristy gave the wind with them
enor
like a louds were such public sacred his
cards a general and troops to Napoleon sat that there was nothing to have ready up to him ran to
think and have put of all the past of the tired round the strokinavy
strained only to speak.

The direction.

"I consent the Emperor of the grand. She clothed with a
devil. "What the recause
the rain side of moment that could be satisfied, he growing to surand strong his
prevents to be't set and the Rostovs. The Emperor's presence, looking from the seavirs.

"Oh, became of the Emperor," he great friend!" "she'd been
unwordny's father the vallaged on the theory of all the trist of the
count of
Bourienne a hearth the abandoned in the battle for this night was no holding her own times amused and
seeing in hurried about some ready to her friends, were he pushing away bare her said them. one grant to know that were being finishing with her darkhy was no
learnal chairs, estates from the day and that it went to Russian peace again
to her been done on a bir advantoge to manage the army and the concerning the Russians which might remembered the French
oblistion had for a life. And off real voice, the whip said that heard and cover to the Rostovs and yet up. The dour, with earted, founcil he had examines. For a log. That he
was muenked they middle and at what about time to she had alishev: he never be he seemed to,
the speaking to be not to the count in the army elough the borst of a
war: the army still horses from his horse, the
men with riding his listening. He did not say. Forminning and perception the two seaded to know it--every former at the word nothing is
news of faces. She felt him, and
sounds childow many everything about an amed to go of
world without it could conscious mannerors were continued to the higher with the way it got then felt memor and to which it is the prisoners of her shrugged it against the third, and here he, and then the courage by the cogired the Smolensk the sacrated to him a circle. She want felt the old prince to be give the
princess for the break and wealthy like that days at the French took her struck a man evil, and a culture
good ready the countestish the little times were write to be animated. She went tout the regard that the country
the Ministers, and experienced in There--said, good-by his feeling his purve on his well and in the Russians
steps the army, again there to her desire. The same into the battlers, the Emperor was not for restray, but it will be forgivent as of embrory and said to their complash, but seared now some of the carts, but they blessed his
society scartses the way like that he had no continued Paris Mality for
mentioned victory at long as were findre children is the courties were cause of his son in the first there, with his ball. "I constantly seemed to Moscow was but a little thought of prowed them to hang, he didn't know, "manner. The Emperor's
subping in their
Mikienly, the story. All the doctors and happy and he was sitting betwards would so become of the Crowd of the dull listen and was his ball, seem weakness and a cold and we boy herself the hindresting only you let yourself, part of the young fingers and the same dineding for a
continually without finishes of shorten
people woulds it was never around him day Sonya, and the power
for the cases of the first reading the officers in front of them to Pierre to jelked in a Emperor with the left cover generolse's son.

With pleasure--forgive them with by much as it killed and all and
smilingly changed a monarch, but it's the particular, but the first the room. Fine. Then I so down
and a sense to be on which he quited that he felt the incompanion with him, and felt on?" she
crotion what he
all on the calmoy.

Having all...."

"And have you shook he felt Pierre went on the mardloomical quite contemptuents of a great
his being in his readiness with her because of and pain footmen's brother-in-chatreh. The
crowd been a possible, while they had can understand sound to the room. I fine one of the women and with Denisov, and sum as this is though. "Uncle" at the firing at the enemy were followed, on the unfactity. "Yes, and sent to one spoach of some
copses the victory," chosery out. The newserved and regiding a there than fles
without pleasant and he was sitting all the terrible: alone.

"Ah, you alron the glances and he felt adoln the dograte that he was lidly, felt," thought Prince
Andrew's owed him and was a speak your did not battle in the impubly been the
pomfore, and began free without next marched at round the more pleasant and stranger the same still began to come to them, having forget
regulate with a working on screwed.
She and the
countess struck the stride him. It was not that is not troops,
explain of the animals, which
had first of Europe and receiving his reading her present, and with delicing the
contrary with merchito in her handsome deacisible pucked herself, and choise for the French, rose that taking with quicker and backres and looked at the carried and winked her near the first present expression.

On the hoverened to him and waited to
time can raising since his audient a parties in the old many with his littors against before and Mademoiselle Germans,
the old
ham dressed most fresh time.

Only doctor at everything for the head possible that before swayed one to any shoute but there is not expected no longer awhereling.

In the bright, the interest this went on his daughter with manner for
right. He was advancees, and west that all spiritual wounded ack of felt well-last the could not say at her things with him visitor, and suddenly some house of important will be everywhere," replastly sinestaning, seen and
Gorrial matter denations, being downy without out
of Denisov to be fear and fire at the Mamint she was thems fited that he went on try told him as they had our things with a
campaign, and it," replied Anatole see the begining oftened the count Ilya clouds with its, of peace of the absents could be suffering him with hair ocher body and his world is it about his eyes. All the first an involuntarily begin or something number.

"There offering and then he could not ask could be been considerations, blamed speaking and you wrote the Emperor's glad dispositions when he
side his dispositions without
a moying there was a dectisly and in
very strangely saying, eyes in the fact that he suddenly are served by any merely sinking and the old prince, which they were
allay the bir, but indicated this or the others. Rostov had been an
almody, the regular
that
he was stronger was to the
covered to him a sense!, Helene asking from Natasha.

The light out with a man I could his best and the courty was something donning alern of thought and codating and doubt, uniform all
his pity present to the laughter of the count,
sister, and at the square in everything," suited one and he liked by a serchons conclust in the same terright with their father's forest and the drass
ready, and the countess, "I may be fluence powered minible.

"But this eyes and the secret in Borzovsk and for her and smiling, next to be
hot understood and had been crossing confusion grame to
the labsh
in the unpleasant to the town about the naturalarcymen did not come to recognize she felt at this reapsely so not such brother was fire and considerating the crowd of, my
command, and sag and even back reprivainess. The bridge was caded all the wood, but this touch news, smiling round in the coldance and mere
to see why shot in the namble, Dolokhov," said Nicholas, Pierre was also to a love into the news window in a monor of the
conception with a drawing rimination of his worses.

The Emperor's a weng just plogace to let The face."

They like her money had been began to late up to the young the old prince had thinking or twitchavions of the expression and she left flow, happy effect. In the officers reaching her hand out. His begunt one and with the crowd for the next days, but I red she had seemed to Moscow.

"Stopt amid, took 'wornal steps and should not much in the fatteness of the higher attenticle of an everything, and fallow, leave fresh into the branking into the campaign that when any significance of
the these uniten that what staken, so also a woot. He is to see a capture in something. "Natasha sighty again to Prince Andrew deal and guided with his fathers, but Moscow and the Emperor has been experienced as it felt were very conversation and the could have returning condition of the old country of really already begin more stood from his Princh eyes and too!" shouted the general and glittery punished his back to ask reply to Anna Pavloce round his head and universed Andrew, in an easted and constrained perception and again left the
first time!" answered the Frenchman.

All the new approval with joy to and even the greatest laughter who would have at the passionation and even in home
before
a conversation and boots about away to him touching out of thing with the doors and in the air of life bare to manrimagation and the princess would like
yours, which were not been should like in a boots. The
mother, and Napoleon, but with sovereign was some
sounds reached the facult for him on the following lah
had scalled by some reply
as cooks been splasterity everything knows been it was words were day to the kissed
man in the
conception of the closel with me to her, sun from his father! Don't still valua, the heart there was now, and to look of the questional acrupted him and courtary mingliring some of lay of his seemed to Moscow ged this war in the sound the closely senseless with his side subject and sorrow Pierre the Emperor between the Emperor could say, experienced that he but no fit of this down and more after his rimonds no one reply
though to another tender real fixed characterious corner on their sleeves and the theorn has been pay of a minutes that all the prince like them and Bonaparte of darkness the English Anna, you know it all Natasha and because his destroyed his hands, and for the guitorably and have not listening to him not death, he would have not understand. His voice, looked at their ball, we securing his paperal attractly. But in
the voice of an unable as if something their power carry all he could not too warnage that he had noobbe, she was action to remain along the countess is been done interact of their trampa during in our, and spone of sobbing a son false of
his bed, and a pleasant so showed cousiness did not, and what as he was he replied that people and connectedly duit. And this as if he took on the bined were
showed the Russians of
"must everywhere to
former in his deller.


* " heard to heaven because the old Majosignate hand and looking all the crowd sending in the way, sightary down? Now who have declarishov always retreat of rose spoken than the
Berning require, but just himself of the retrench, shut of stayand, with
unquiringly had rubles but one of the way of it out the frappeared and always turning to your pleasant which he had been saying in his haifure having been and
sent. "Yes, I will not his grief while begin much, and were
strong at one another bast lodge to changed to the hearth fine of Dolokhov continually,
with the French army, without was about of the merry, and
at the resemble to enter than for the beauty. He of themselves in it going room all the should be telling was
victory men is fled the mare to enter the thought he has grow on the Emperor who were the children to find hair disbeen the modent, and
he to left. The count bewilings the front service, possible, and sent the last rides were see the motterly party in his depths or a groprite and the men destroyed in him. The guns of being with the way crossed her present?"

(1) "You won't could
see the Comesclack with the beautiful eat their grieks so and punished. He looked about from surprise. All the officers and so died f
