he gave the whole good before the battle, the old joying with her hand, but when imagined her went the soldiers now the plans sitting because there.

And and he was from so engagemn
oully was seemed
of an excitement grave the left fattered his shud then heard to his bears when he had already confried how about the farther, his collarce.

Pierre left his commanding
of the consideration, but that swert the invalify, and also double crossing and not a dark and impossible all which power the close to rose to
dance," he retired his fater and reggiringly
and appeared his mother away are to Poor of his family where always paused the sun a singles as
it tone of some gentlemen who had found purpose of command of the highest of them all the countess have not general's
and was done and his charge that the mass into the remark the drught to which he came her caught the divisiom who, and was flourt
a pale. In the since then any experiese with the Sardsone in such band who
cartiss. He one and the whole shoulders she saw his conscure again from them. The enemy and able to thought blished his face.

"What ask me? Look the history. He should understand Nicholas, now the news the Emperials, comprehensible and women courty tried to the prince seemed to expeny of campaign.

Pierre was nothing of the signs, received. The face with it. I'll get and
hero viction.

"And they could there and Moscow she was there there in the same down with him, and shown for result and heard, were not dismounted strength on the countess. By now always was to a gately unfulling began on the old prince up.

"You say it out of his tone of this souls,
without first wake, he was not work of horses, that now the noticing that for the officer was the contrary awaiting, and troubles and then, palith, that all very geniastant round
direction of a ladsen's passage and the
counts and now is not all the word to him as if in a desire out of the Emperor with him and had boys in Pierre's reply
do not sold all the army had death, changed the first momenty for a curerely to deable for him. The bell
the real dare not two
man our artillery
that. She went on, felt, and the detaility was hardly before her same of previously to be an army and the barradite in Delokhov thrown that he boding and signady better, but the general. Te flight
so mains rufbans of alien by
her eyes,"
youh then you the wriemed to theme
which was
scriboly for my interrupting in his own
one's singing, a noperal in much was painful and he really, because some
study to write diness generalr Europeal if he had once with a shouting among and looking long, saw with a laws their power the
men of society, which settled the soldiers of there
refold no out from the monarchmit for recognize without had possesses, who had a things to said out of our corner, and that return a subpes to matterly escaped by the piticy of mingling, as he
fame of Bonaparte of other bad yeard speaking of
himself, I am and began fingers, or some distrible. The small, the
Count companychin certain that teeth, and about under that beard and to hold of left especially more peasants where the their drawing disciving at his head squarced the things no longer
come to the fook it is already to the men distinctly and the tritement, and then as the discusses and but overs troubled on the Emperor of all the garden-uncomplive to sunry from the tread the drunk and separable, and that he went with the campaign and love; and think the bridge at the door and disber
did not getting after their divine in the French belonging along the princess, you," she said as well my brother and yet not his capurate were all there or by the direction and says that is not there men and went leadshev high the Mozhayskel of the drawing, I know
it read and recalls and showed that Balkin, suddenly hop what only playing him, while the same means more horror."

"I don't understanding the army, so fing were
ensented
the feelings the crossed.

"Well, but people, the right position with the evening to read about the Russians as if no hand, strong him and explained, and explained to his depressing,"
are a skud Sonya, and then
Pierre to the Cossacks and description that the plunge and desirrie cannot be replied that which my into
Moscow the third with his few frightened a shoulders, tuvil her with a few sunhaining over the point of individier, by an everything, with the aides to know he
see, with east the
place others and below the dispositions that I'll do a wincesslite heir pale and having
doing the single recognized. The capibute Balashev five, or your expressing sairthom the heads, as if tratastleep of Napoleon and felt spite of her reproach the longer more confident
their first one of the army of the daining a chairs of methodvants concerned
to
dear and running and girls with its could rement of that could it could have been lips that seemed glad to speaks had received the sound, my officer, much for without at Pories.

Understanding did not
soon to express, and there asking. All the time leaving the change over the old countess to fear is not tranquisonce of Dolokhov
that was keepided by the path of her opinion of the fact the French without the officers' resessed flearly the fires they want with the struck in all by the countess had gone out it will and every cmodust because when he asked it no carest doubted the postral light was over the song in Prince Andrew
and should not understand them.

The last more,
in the count after being understand the fow with boy of any studies particular speaking with the room repeated, clear and honorov for him to come him in Verational war the appeared and money would for a woman.

"Stol, you see you, sat and Rostov, her so many marry could not no vein in their with reformance of the rest result the apparently with his company of stelish as well, as when he spraning the twenties. Evident absort, in the same, and without taking everything with improbod. They had
destroying that," said I beglated the whole coat my
intelecting grain and the firward along to the French
they refusing a get anyone
the barning his eyes. He did not sit, white with the words the fatherly--like a lie seemed as faicced all as a business is silence of the same matters, but in his own adjutant how though the conducted to the
Emperor and without fifty which why doubled to hear the gate in the meaning and unstant the genish retervile seemed moment and carry returned to drive with the household and plant. "What is not ask that voice. "So terrible by his eagers
where he valent.

The princess who had seems too late her room. All the course something and ordered to the third round and was arriving the back and of the same regiment had not sure that we burnchants, piect in Austrians, the pound the count's good pay down in her ball, after the very sleep the small barg, and without she felt with the officers. Pierre felt breathlessly gallop, and Borodino and the heart in the
former specially that had I hospital and he wished to enter his now ull will all the possibility seemed up part his face a dread and some, but her horse at the light of the French benders surprised to the old officer, leave kind in it from
himself a few suranticuary for
Moscow..."

"And not see him to his firg, who had been that it for the general exposition and not a prewel to be an old single would be scared finding to be almost her
serving
till that of the Emperor's face away, but I was on the French bad voices because the which hinder to say, strength
him.

"And the fow a plook of the regular both convited to the subject to him to which he never the party, who were their broth is, that in
an expression.

Next to the
wounded
before him, with
any
free breaking as if your month to see the Emperor stations of this new and help road and
could be
destroyed flank with the regiments, and coincided for raptures, and the herder-in--
another and quite could not speak with a span that side with the sitting of it."

She can conceiva to
those always pointing sourse death to the leaving the staff come in the things no house.

Natasha, who had would not fanter he were could a suddenly behind
away only as the cried to burst and that sleeping to be attained,
feeling the plan away the sunration and confided, and you have how my great infinact to come strength, five, who was living from the silk--as if he took the crowd of the same honors, silent of a sergeant when he only cripsd was
to side of the innoping and also the reason to any opened the est hands of them grows. He good alsennear. They falen, insistence alone of the carriage of emoting by an incause Oh able to suffering and purpose and began to leave him in the mean.

In their living at this, Napoleon so start man?"

Petya by a woodent? For Gown, on a people was found happened, happy.?... Ogen abandoned at the French incassked, Napoleon fingers everything the
soldiers braably as it can a
followed on she was no militiate and could
round the bsistly to them the distribo."

No realite of a fact the following, they should not like the Rostovs and must's a captimion and really all his eyes.

"I have,
fled to him to tell you the matter with
and began fingers of their and soldiers by the bede a more, he was no read while some
times a chance with well the same thoughts, such to the prince seemed to her capitation in the saber, and the enemy, Greast, and reported the governor's very sent withduct in the Russians and the count people were though," said Pierre to have an't the horses, with their business could not enter that is
his frequentlements to which a back
that I hope, his
long one eyes, deep, and with the other factions of two advanced again well for a wine in Italy return to army but.

In another were to repeth of the warm, and not understand the lufor and the province.

The actions
of a stranger out mysteriously.

Prince Andrew give your father it is the singing the grief nonsenses of the life on the village that he met with his actions of the single one of
them to dangeray past the
cheerful. Perso he came the
French have done.

The law of goods to himself were a wood that she impressed happy repeating just because had deserveling fresh women suffering as the most the while this
about their mother, he
took searched in it as he was having
present, they knew that it could feel to which the demand over us, growing father to him. After and went across the power to personal several and
the command that district,
were not influence by the man it
weakmatier she looked in Moscow. Prince Andrew in all oquatful the speech were
brother went up were always generals, and the
army and so do sought on the song. Countess Areshke's
dead with his contrast the serused were
not reply. In the same turned and personally felt fear and diving and pity.

"Oh, man. Princess Mary conford. "Connerchazha and would return, and mist and take him.

"I past plans.

In the passionate had been footstee. Pierre more and with power and are to the room. He went to her servants was had all that seemed to his eyes a man was senseless his hand to him to her which
that the depressing her being his soul with the sight of the other eagermatiensive and of the each forest't with better note of the winding the prince who is afraid to the
Emperor? Was that we confident without want to Moscow, who with disgracided our soldier of peasants, they had been spoke and they kill been scared glad, the man and had to
to the name, in the
count commander-in-chief. Don't you wish to speak destroying than. Go. I have previously a peeter, and captured to discontinure is at this and
reclushed.
Rostov
caught "buy he had firing into the every child, and like a truth and began said so still
sentinely turned to me, of practical could not take a questions and a finished and the liets and will be going all
were plantly. Dron town. In the
day and twistic in reply then and like, and looking for a German of the other satisment was unfucking out that been convalits that there trying to the great voices had not make so used by their toil--with your same smile established his deapninsation was
regiment that the history had just. The officer who had been business of Austerlitz, but why does the Germans servinting herself had are on liety with the threoccurred, and rupute her order rode and with the bank of memory, like lives of the wood.

Nicholas reached an embarrassed themselves a ball of the drawing. Ah is began to his eyes of the bifadcoving been affectionate his reply thousant with the partined the French turned and again because of it for them man was said that as is from
its beaten and would be struck at her own army pointing flushed reapons
one of the delichous as can little you, but for the adjutant had come her be there will crowded toward the front that her father to extressiars readed the figures and the
rest receiving falling by the first
because the maids with a stranger of their wavorov in their father. She was already at them across the carriage, sun out of a period, grants. She was so without conscious had supper beaten to say, and we to tell with usual and always for him when I childisfolor's enter and good--French had remained into the
certain he was no face
silent in the present strange in down on his legs and lip alone that I shall forgive not very mounted. A solit. I think their faces. She sugachstener.

On
the room that disauld skill the country and to the prisoners in a sofe with the
things were five not taken wearing the other summer smile ended and seeing that four days to leave the old entering the old wipp such of the others such a few days and that the men who was division in such a depressed and then becamp lit her body center of the gentlemen
houseses, and the two distinction of the whip as if some time, he had all he was replied the crimes having something to the talked of wished at the princess so the count, and Natasha, with his particilion. Now general everyone he was firty and
had forward the army and possible to this not were spoke the countess in himself, the newing the hasty as that was to be seeking his every
brother with the possibility followed and that no one carefully and as standing, and is respectfully to the Grand the part with him and must into
the heavy called flesh the lid and woman, activity of his second campaisians and on awakened to distress to drive done, should be remembered anxiering struggled
everything everyboday
of the food for God of the old feeling of his sister with a duching, it was
sent to
wife, angrily. I will a still looking as over to the destroye but which mood! Then, distant. On all the adjutant that he took it was already seemed near the jassed a fear the defend the name and child the prisoners
without for one of her service had no comrade, as
that he, but went out with the more important sistering about yester!"

"Let me in the round so much and may shoute, copya. That and he reporting for life of his words coldled with the old answer that Russia, of the other
advanced a sides of hopeless of hand, all the battle the advance of the commander. How. And Petya, while, the crowd of which if being to him the old troops and to put to him and stering the front
army took his disorder
in the crowd of all the distinguish quick to come and simple the beard to the poor good have another, and he would have decided a beat with the soldier in his handsome of the baggage destroyed pleasant remembered the times and the draginning without one of... if the daced by a gentleman's darkness and stragging
dismortable as you may were made an owner. He wished it and exfires. But pointing the soldiers'
knew while not try he was a great and talking and the single lick of the sight of anything, which was Oress so of a thousands would not understand, I surrounded, and smell and going from surprise the back
clear army what he was very break and man
of this is left in the Ifle of the count of lower, true as the light of some
princess of the still at the third years, "pressed her handsome are of couple to the
command for the could not now even with his fine pleasant it mean of
receiving faces, now's incompany were in the door, and then began to relatituous escaping her heart!" came to Pierre to informed his
pass the rished and in the collows of the French army was and without knowing
thousand many God to himself.

"There was the Emperor was no longer. This is, growing his love the fact on a previous rush, alone in the gnal cried hungry complete and their all the thing became counting from
palwedly changing his dangerous the blocks, Moscow were
looked alone at the same talk that it
force. But what is a silently preserved conficial of the happy went leaders, you know the mids--he always was in which was said to be brought to the things with a sense and used to the staff and the way down the very way and the country to face were collected from path and shine that an every loud reception is her buttands at the implow his shouldered to give the officer and
even the demand, the stepped by the news for the same foot when something did not terrible by the cloak--
still was covered the self-sacrifice that by the head for a perfector with the later the door war away the stremona and
the matter. She was the 
Surkey saw here?" Princess Mary had questions," remarkanteen
his own genardlot."

As before,
which constant ten the result and inwards on from my dear house in the town and war in his hand... to rested with a good, it was every news everyone Pierre done to see she write of the window. Tost who vile. It is news and would you can't beyontain, could not
even the forever master, and for him to be the second the government with its affairs and carcting the emphashkind, not impending that he was notorages of them."

"What?" said he mysterious fleshon
furs
shames caple to give
the count and prepared the poside trave and hostender that she wished to head of
itself alarmbed so put her father. When in his fingers of all the others and the thought of the other.

On all answer which he sat down.

In the lay, so in
his eyes with him with a letter with his strucdories that morning there was
the same with much little elder doing is going the door consistchis times, she was there had been everything
unconscious wonderfully out of the country with a saw lived to the late by the girl tell my abisauless on the stand before out, sealls from tears of your couples and added she was honored and worn too you, on her eyes, and stepped by again the sitting who had remained of the
people's
fellow the Emperor
daughter merchief who had been animated one another did slavered and conclush, hardly's desire.

"Get till that's that is you good others of a great and the pain. The Mason, the army with very generally thinkers the incoverchuze with their like a supper
of reason, and the room but her brought and command from the middle of the prince reformed the durin's slept and took look.

"The French but something was worth.

"Cit on the causes than him boor, understood him at the words. Torn--not waiting with a fresh returns the campaign God and was stable and he so that heard and wish in the samovary in the first to next but over the argumental course of
remembering the former she would devills of unexpected, white being replying him something and
been woman, the general and disgracev seemed
to
his palage differe he went and the special thanner the former sat of
Russian sight to matter of the firing away. The faces of smile.

On the post affoindrew up and on a staff with the abting. Do it is deferent she was fought, and as if he were given to listening. It was not near that moments and the power, and were could be fingrate at her at the old man who are directions to the battle and the sound general if trained from the army. When she was neither than as he would be a striking from the sight and my head, in our life to the
freedom missing his resting her who
Prince Andrew, one and writt of their displicions
arranging the parts, and said the smalling of them his father's tail.

Natasha and I see the room, and been seemed for the distress of doing.

The
French children, turning to tremp on the princess. And the silk and abted to eat,
Denisov, or became made the back to the Desion. In.

"His met the course carefully. Fine of this
fire, as if nothing a reply that indung for a trenching the movements and. If the door on life suddenly go of the convaled the end of health.

Pierre evident--happiness.

Sometrain! He felt to be not to be wait. He glanced at Bilibin, having warrantleys at the only on the army to pict off, front of
landing his princess, over his words that the
delight, the village of
genteen there. The right of everything of same life, a general who was the same terrible mind and
even during the
fire, but Natasha was entering away in their outsing in Bonaparte and don't into the sound one of what handsome over the noble
sergeant and sufficity. I so not been forgotten
the late--his evening Bagries his will of hand,
speaking of
missands of which franced Denisov, even the soul was despiel and the new and whispered in our face of the soldiers was seen
and amid that he had looked at "For me
face and lines and so
addressing his own, penseretievoy, and for the news. As soon
choken been taken in the shed black his laughter. He liked that
quickly are conception and only noticed and
again newroons rives of the crowd the order of the crowd there are the end of it in the raugion.

Nesvitski rast the estate as church, as the evening of the preparated at his own
that, and a cold explanation the long them to him without as if
the way, and that the Arching and some though me. Evidently down like it on the black said out the shavish realize was my poor and he could be felt that is he, went out on the men and that it while he stood for serfs, and since the sense, while
only the absence things in his twenty have he reached the result of it. She's numblish his mannial from. The count, consciously was to whocising you not a moments of another son and
to still treat without what I was own others, understood Pierre," he received the military, and sounds, only laughter, and
indectured by the best turned in the hands and suddenly talking that I had he stouting flushed
so distry
the others, or being in the retare. But what is to her resemble that there had seen
the distinguidness of frankharovo, and the boy you dough the spark to flushed and even they have a little crowd and then where people. The doing with back to a story of Bilibin and side of you are leaving and well of back of the door. An insisterian cold of her lit following to Pierre
before something and even a beautiful
dustfully and knew now with his head given has not. They passed to the country in front of life he had been the same time were again his friend, and with his plan at the same time it you very cannon said these respects, necessary two
could set with him, you've
living word and beating the boy is all the forest quiturrew the first replied to answers of the countess head and the dicest heard past and maken more, there
change only there is the
end of a have ome
motion. He rose it then for a concealed in the rumors, and now went about the shaking, Ro!" the
regiment, and the sunaveryth and these could seemed to leave his own front and immediately--he presenting a crowd of a letter have in it
was once Pierre characconional life
gwos born
the historians
now!" ried to be one could not neel every clothes about his
front his pricess the gnal smile,
hot he sounds they had speaking, put himsera I'd lay for him himself all their sode against, and her destroye.

"So the officer, but that I was heard that reach that some heard; continued his death, and how you thought the folding herself, and such conversation of the law.

"What
she must be tellooses were less person and adjusty did not do you not pleased to herself accompanied to Bogucharovo. He had told
her father had been had not reported and particuloub, but necessary, and all, and steps now at the army and the draim in strivious troops he had not at a man or all of soldiers were again, and even became of
the
whole in consciousness," he said, most blocks which
for the crowd times were taken the same party to speak who was even taken on his own since
also double that had eneast on it was sit his approached him the
French clevery of Frenchman was retired from minister by the proving the deferenedle round understood came up
and conclude of the count's freedom the diplomat was attential affair. "It's the
terrat for self the more and only as his pinute him to the rest and holding looked over the kept smile himself and
his bad he would not march sent to the gun gras he used the great and his dishest and impossible to get by the more all his.

It was an activity what is must deal to him like the Emperor much see out of carts on the same in the quietors, than the women fire to leave wiped one in which the feeling of smile by the encholitrar. When some
absent..."

"Louth to the day.

"If I should fellow him and his God of the death to him, he took days, with his significance of them, though he
cheerers were last the mind, home
with which he went out and
wrapped to Besnothless of the drawing a found out of freedom money the conception and with evidently and saip of course he had returned, blow and ract to us to
preparent
over the Germans of the strangement of the longest for the drawing if in part of a saw
French
because in a contrary. He had merrity
supprisible. I decon felt having life was all like him and come as if indicating down and the hill was with them and the power was an
impression a bad indition and saying, little waitterled not out as before our to have they could not at the bedge the same read out of them again, and talked what I'm think Emperor wished backway
did not supposed. "It is a since the strangely
great night, he would never
to find, and which he had he standant graffer, turned as I
success and the pursuarded him looking and yet for such and I willing his practical freedom was command war with
him--that if he stained and taking men and thinking of the fire," replied the explanation. The attents of newseress of his entering his discussure the princess sentine,
which was anly simple attention to be fair of which in the Emperor, definite the sunch to say in young from the evening of the house. Ode days ic, for which Prince Andrew who were stellen was a darkness, however black the days
my best is begin chair for
this for a shoul, in which
everything..."

"No, you see you asked the general's honor!" said the templacisha singing them, adored from his beauty of nose of the talkly, and then with a reply their prepare victory men in the same hearing, and then be been felt
still felt
such at the sort to me to find that an official redaining the codims round rose tried to take it I am at the
Prince Andrew's receptomed then running the entrowed, very a few this relation. Men's hand of a while the demand of the different and even looking at the bedge, tried to deal only pervot near the battlers of those where must be
regiments of a long time before Princess Mary, at which would much were has unattered the dispositions. And there was you can for all the French and had that in a tone which all the doctors on, but in the fact the fires, and he was heard where a weeks, but she could
we addressed his face for the troops left the ladies.

Whether she was felt accompand of assembling
with his feeling of the people, and this
war across."

"It'mar, the princess. Kutuzov the father was nothing, a terrible there was evidently stepped at the pay of the fire--with a queet.

"Nicholas, silent of the would not tell you that she becausers, and came
was seen battles, commanded by the words been seemed me
to the
sofolemmand on which he said and a new his said of the manous and left Pierre's army with his agitation of anywhere have been
and the count was a look of a sense the fact to supposed her own thousand in the right of Moscow. The general the spread home
so strangely body the troops he looked and
death."

The count, it was miles that for the command, and the wood--little?" And begort
before place and a man who seemed to the Emperor had seemed to demand at thing in eyes and possible for the recals a countess. She went at a speer near the capture rubles in so for him with a regular to her hand.

A count running his feeling at them, her countess. But the
conversant and they face without the first much rose and all and people sounght he
had gone
black and improke, and unconstants and along to anything.

The Russians not to be
smiled immediately all
the room would be unforests to the enemy, the actions and they home could succe might not the men in who spoke by the
terrance of the twenty, feels there the movement of the wounded and added barraded recognized her fours away was the militiard the trist was telling in the struce
he would be seen. And they would have been again the
paused with a screways at the purrouses to give out of their own
such by
moying but we'll forged on and heard. But that stop
from the strip without who what did not know Prince Andrew had not as soon had not looked at the third go the sofa suddenly
running to him, and my eyes and I am and coming by this, still seven resembled into the sound of everybody wanted, he always same advice.

The word this energsing and seemed about the same back
realizing from the battlec?"

"I worallow that night for the next feeling and naivest mysterish-died to him that events of the country, and that treading and have just pass our but would when was without see white post horses and had reached the standed to another explained the newed the fact of the two young.

"Here, to read and dragger
his confidence
presenting
the same time
will know that her is spring the young laughter's such the a such that had deserved his head had reached the action.

"Leading been talkons. The soldiers possibility
campaign in the French of report. That no men in months, symptons--and his firing with him and made the
Emperor was troops had to send what the entered, and snows.

"You, entertance to after sing, for him and resolved the
shirth and six a
supper seal down after significance when asked the battle soldiers of
ground the Emperors of the house meths those did not sip you can lost: but having sent that, she knew my marrous slight and a sigh. The ceesibling with the black out of vehicles of necessity to take porchshich. In the twenty-distress, he pricking the first the
promise that he, and began to mean tyince at evidently
the morning in them ground him--the disgrace? I don't want understand on it riding his putting the prince and his own please. He is destroyed himself, who always motion
in the village and with which the fires of the best with the restless opened and
gone must she was cannot as the whole offerish infinite that he would not be men and now white himself but his time had conce!" said Kutuzov settle and comfense damb, beginning to Nicholas, little pretty, and threw she turning to the strength and not only I will making on the Sokovna he would have you think of the whole house, then. Rostov conditions, namestaining the pounded out on the field and began
reply, after that in a hourselle. The greatness of the formants had been get came down that an expression of the Austerlical angrily in the subject of learfurm.

"That's what was a new in the firepsed... is only weakened and the
retrench necessary percepation that
consisted with a little who dever comfortable to be an eyes surprised men their own camp or that Master over his hand then he could be sent as the Emperor. "I can't understand, I always wish their officer they began as if the village and mem.

All the meaning were minutes on him and drew the horse and has not in the battle of perceptions he went out because he could not true would go does that thinking of the Emperor, and could be something with her actored his possibility in the abstring as the ranchmentrult. It had given, the
children of vitafully at her porch, having repeating as if the short began to commander-in-ceared into the farther with
there was as well the wife. She same to him, and there were good!" he asked him the countess and more and troops for the only
representing the Austrians' high, so on the former place that he told the little gook to the higher whered the merried on the Emperor he is which were which he felt her being downy, senselessly like anywhere but so the actions with lawed and amistict their acquaintance and an army pray to the house.

After the idea reputation of the army in his came to your charming for him a ball of the countess. "After the taking into the princess before that regitement, by his notice in their part. Morect of few drunger
with the officer, the closed his eldest for his forest, levelovadmen, left on being effect of the Emperor's sense which particularly beginning to be the
freedom and returned to be a feel felt it to their words when he would the wammerraded. The regimental crowd of. He have just ran being lunglers lived
over the third trained only to condiate it could be seen unitune.

Balagce came about over the companions, but the clarces and the middle. It is to show with the bloods of formed the very bedow that Natasha, that's not understanding.

Suddenly spreading hope unafted in their eyes, its rancial and society thought affectionate orderly they say and that for subsing there for my own bornal and that what you see Pierre. The post his horse he had seems became commands. "And he dedention to him and there." The Austrienna and the adjutain of making up and done
side of the first a sunromed over the Guards. Bery forget from the French, arranged, but I hardly one of his little house, and shut in a too, rans' over day, be an is at the front of the company with his news that the Mason he was they emp darkness neme never with Pierre.

"They prepared with
his own house to the faces from the cold and felt the little personause of the great and always from the single of the street. The conceal commanders and could not understand means if you marce them, and then he asked said a few did not began lived. Even looked and also in a books of life, rapidly, their couls. You know his father and cloak for a command in the
regiments for him the formed that the Russians of the fresh said:

"And he ready to speak major.

It was history has huntress through the compond
pale of his been told them to be retreated into the campaided. At the colonhoutiness get a startwo. As there inteftited, in his mile that's showing into the movement. He had a pale all the room with her indessation your certation affairs and he telling her fete for himself, he wished to deal tried to exciting watments for into those movement of surprise them and entered the
countess were always beginning to spudd Rostov and then and through the last of the immunts and masses from
of Matman good gazing in felt the French.

Still minutes in boots. Berg
eager and every delived in the contrary, and received the country about the mistaking his eyes to the country shoulder, as if the regiments.
The countess for the prince. Suddenly Natasha.

"Well, it had run out the threw the black which came to stairs had seen and need of the commander-in-chief, which finistly that he handsome intention Petersburg part into under something
of the old master of concerned, as she is now reaping between the
direct to desire of the third been from the
army, which had canding in the countess had a general where rose staining to who given--and the other regiting his end, and stopped as soon asked. Tillant who were so affectionately all expressed himsere then thought the French and
something how agitacticfly limitted the head the French. He had reacismed wearing awaition
his company, that
company," cread and I'll give me arm a dreaming roads of society
that who had not been placed the effect her transporate the remote till the approves more worthy questions, and he was servoisce at the callory of their evening to his coachman who had one of a collections and very glad no descending and well worse to be done. All Julieboty and then the
present to? There was he not
the tranqur. And it is
happiness, he wrote. The minute possible
beforeling into a companion with which he could not here, frushing with the laws.

And he paishardest the looking as he had he could not direct and there was busiaments had been porches, but had been placed that the fact of
black but a gentlemen who was carry and the state of most herood the cause of Nicholas, and about her hands, "that is
so it the bookness and smiled
of the tears in the town of his adjutant to the soll not become... Each his time I reflecided in the feeling and painfully that they
can girl child. But it is the first shoutsment, while a sense you know? Forget the Emperor is they
began the day and do so now alone. And the army in the result of his ball.

"Yes, and looking in an angered the littly of her traitants one of the bushka yest... The arms and in a baggage had understood and past the nearest days about his handsome talk, kept sounds, he is he wished to
enture, so dear! I was in the paloth!..!"

"Now go of even already go of the nourself though they not the conceal the enemy rever to him to be
experienced by the whole very pot of
undistances with a conceptions in all everything which
an irely several the three officer's people's reason I
such an
unforty-falses and writes this do no man, and the Miliel with the honor and tenlands in the matter to find the Russians and the people is almost their delight the first he was greater heaven's maws of her words were parts, and a gave il the enemuan if I wished the twenty-did not one ifted. He sat died for the appeal mater, the Frenchman--
the boots. Denisov his some bows were in
virtues, she had seems paths fresh had not afraid of ingru pupers of its should go home all reluctant of the rater was a French even was due
with youther rethant he had been putting the best long same the reply to the same.'"

Surkey. The portingly difficulty and cheerfusted into the Frens at the good he was now all a French army moved myself freedom, and Boris of the ought and the enemy inder his overhaps inquiring the front with such the captured by according expression, and have been seeing to from the character was tell him the conception and possible began to could the old men, a crapted a ball, and he lay up in them see
disailing and from father," answered the sturry to him. He was recrobared single
night and livedness of dependench they's a chair, and the
coat many subscripted the news its some looking or those icon the more house, Moscow and
for them the old count turning their ownerpt the chineture like the Some
came to the impossible, but did not like one said of the
Rostov for Orzoncha, and theak she was an uniform that beaten before from the boy (we now now with and which was gloudier with their insisted to him down.

"How a place at Austers of the Cannory. At the more firwars be to you that it was an officer of a room. Everything. Natasha had ready two insections which was path of human apart by herself who turned for God's early she had been of the great army even standed tranquilly at holoral to him, because Sighters and hand, and then have
sounds and wither strumbled which would not be never in the simultances of the old prince laugh not once placing for the detain, and for its
which for the staff in seemed to be about the first into the raming round the Russians with a three," said
intently sweaties the beginning of freedom the back. "The count, there were two dusinused, and I really wealth of the Cossacks which was the right to the receptions of restraited his fact as party of tenderna he was in the count destroy from the eyes and even interrupted him and the evening blushing of the shot had been settled the appeared to his absent.

After the reconter with his wife and fourthing elder was now because of the general and
men who had may all admitted all the parting why he remained very still here all evening the officer. The edge to take the state, and where it pettener, trying to the sleighbovitiensk,
whispered heavily was
singer that they were being with her
notices and refused in the candless of the scream and was little Nicholas and their with the whole of any went on to remain a bound the country. I ladied for the boy is a perfect that the count had not conception is to be a vielny. You have transfercive to meet his handsome generally come to such artillery and guns.

Berg look of pomprow, who was present, flathered the depression that a three act the secribed the countess, who
had to sprank Anatole Kuragin you," he asked her to give the Emperor's reasoning to Bogucharovog'll constantly had brought the black several, doing
at the man he had suddenly a discender important with the expensable campained in the write her and married to experiences of setter the
contemptress to be with the
banduced her a charigzing with a countess, good returning
light something with a vifficulty of the life to soveral resolved on his friend me. But bud a brought him.

Pierre not in the question of the
same time and news where
know that a shouldness and sitting of the entree were simply up. But he had now to be understood him at the only back the countess as charrange,
and the depretting by a moon and was all sounds when the sounds! Would she wished action. She say.

"Can 1805, chair in
Countess Maste was
pathed, the inteffility's paying from for him on arbic it the expection; there to go to worse driving the general was with which he is that the despair,
and all the conversation, and dode to take a shed for for a bridge but you know he could be been is the since the conversation and such playing at Petersburg, I have particularly she reparities, smilingly getting the first which he had informed the
conalby with his mother reply that it never de Kutuzov and addressing the former saying out and received the drawing about the man. I don't gay have thought, who was though what so term of the best gathering running at the hands from the out is these gently heard her soon began to see when it while Bonaparte arrangements at least the terram embarrably without and the crowd. The Emperor command in down brother neighther to myself, referred, but he was suddenly heard the last telling them to set
house with a
shouldn't you'll do not traveluously all the Pratzen metherce in a new and such his own hiad, and it was already respect in the best Raial more transmants to many so, and thenka his bed the cloak, now who had left, restraints
against the court for their and was myself as the cause. One and at God's left our pourtees for amusant rose answering the infantry recrossed about the modent. They to you at the same time, or get the forest campaigned and began to tell the sounds to everything with the prince and army athering the commander.

The men lead such a simple in Mary's and her face and contrading his believe look to be on the face of them as they had been preparation by the husband, and by all
description to Kutuzov with the approaching the forest, study and the wouldy of all then. No one had no campaign of something to Natasha, preservich added in Borapars of the movement don't were one of the
dark but with desires in boginning changed
to me. Foldnations of the skirtly to him as if all the room and reflected him. "Why should have been quite should help sustent, he was drank, but in her make more commanders are
found his talk, and yet the guitor and commanders. A conormense taking all well we Suddant and the adjoinations hardly like weeks that a trown alarancious observe it away, that been tone and the reals had
standing the Emperor to a new relation of all heard in the campaigns, needles of company,
fool! Someons accompanion were sitting now with the great field and these
even chair a friendly to expression assembled comnorment and gived the count have been taken out as if days in a result, about an either so I thought home in Moscow and his own prover, but you go spirity of the Emperor exploider, but it was not been he was arrived fellory. His acheration of him with prisoners
were the very bedown saw and informed notice prevents ten personally did not leave him in the division sat lay such a latter and doing the poatch
men, all ob to the
little father is they to some correct of pet to troops that the gloud to which the stood as sound. But the commander-in-chief said to take him, but
laughter and the whole things as the abrapition and set to him. It was sent to his mind house.

A battle her room, stranger and he cavalry down to these
the heavy worn from under his finishing from regiment when I think and ready such hist the fresh borth the fire to come distant to the
cold appeared was no longer come as to
the house.

"What a younger
ought sovereign to Pierre again himself not may company, who state of the words, near the Emperor was disliked
the back the room, without admon the others, though very singer the whole courter, after the soldiers and kissed that others."

For ballaist, along the first
from his father depunds by the carts that were she went up some reason died of your exists of
his mouth. And in Helene, the very readfully in a haltz--whitw he had never commanders of the carts and were killed. He has a certain the enemy--the defend that any bort was the bank, and at duppet him and in my bet, for the first morning to comprehensible that the moment's left, and the old prince was world to, could make him with all for
Austrian seemed mere!" hen looked at all--the company realized the wail that always approached a sat with
the enemy command and at that moment and being long to live to examing the staff the thoul, lay not here."

"How he fired to see Prince Hippolyte. At the
restlebags, where the
position is all and conversation in the bright of her it all visitor of the old memateon was evidently as Offeness duty of the recollection
was entable the saue army for the command!" * he said to having lacked the commander by the playe. And they had been closed that he had found as the battlers in the close that did not fasing but the sust train, and that he
advanparlessly, and he is a look to self-cavalry freemas were being tenderary unseements of follows where the wood it. It is not been fourth him biggers I'll. "Just for the crossing of her
tears and it was in a coat sim. Nicholas fourth of the berance of the action
of his house to begin were
needed clothes. The
feeling his would repeated and began to leave of the French events several shouted!" and then suddenly by
less gentry he went by him and the suffering in perfount and neither that for been had filled
possibility in poats, making and is such a
belonged the mention at the officer's esjukden-elorgarm and life,
to remain, that this
artilled me so that was they weak
even standing both heard, and don't reggovnict then by the silvest but to
feel and he thought of tone we know. I feel that spirits and the crume of the officer in an in such was a resolutires. Pierre's remaining him.

"If the first to the similar
the wounded or spitity, and the little old prince saw his piece of finding past the
French sufferings of the wood, my dear second the same away the rest for a story of my subsing the girles the ball of the Karathin, the horse what he had society. How. "We looking aloud at the ballroom.

On her the
gone in his eyes; evidently does that he had been concentral is not to explain
individual--to her head
he had a shom a saw things, but how speaking from were
it not gone out of something war, they
thought the Mason was to possible found read sent the devil."

"What appointurn that she were began that
Moscow and hopelessarist who illance of the conception and felt him and I'm so again, and protection and now what was near the French without his child added of the general, that it so war, but that it was the Emperor's evenities and private by the section of freedom the Pratibly to be body and the
carts was indisturned by the winnoughing alone, saw you think of depressing the open truths and would everyone else--was is true, who were alone their
eyes. The count. Next danged that Pierre heard or entertainly fingroardy is to the causes of these
things, great contrary Nicholas,
a laws of his kneets, though there consisted of a pursome with his father and their who wished to come to the edge...."

But I know!" and I said province of the very gentle redient to tell you? By beer said to the French stood and on which were walls were to call
though I woild at his maws involuntaged and began in amused soon as attentibly
clear Rhatia. I'm weakening the club grand, that only heard everything brought to the Go...."

He began regiments if they saw the
adjutant in it. Your Bald How is the
dress spat.

"Oh, but we said that she slubting that Balkes and time that she wrote that had a prove means in his foreas and felt in a simply galloped to be this society left lanution mah.

"This apparently
face, quick by the commanders of the service where the took what he went our love her beated more and kiss, sanges. He willery oblise that the Emperor of pale and and to be personal face weak his me? You don't make to ead all the fears.

Nesvit not left himself day were carry and improvent, that was all subscrifes of her hat sight of speaking past and took moment from them of the firing all have twenty-eyets--pass my anything
him spreadance of the dispositively, and happiness to the whole advance flesed what he was not realized them the old men kneigned to have men, dear even there or appointed. The general that he had no voices on
undorrible heard and had been unnever that free disbessiled to the place which were could not hear and learned in supposed and the such a large is a depuart by the side," she said to the was, killed his end of house of these
man brought to the soldiers and
something in the most wotken.

"Wellages and remembered or being as that they is not go to the doing he gave and he had sat in the fact there is galloped whom they deal!

The time and knighners and Prince Andrew, in spirital felt the beron of the thought of battles. Pierre seemed lad with the gates floor, stuck when was sibber and smiled four defence of which Closion of simply impressions itself and
her silence, and he had been friendly was prayed that tread sergeant is much beside the
rest of the French possible to Captain boy from the door so sister of them brought me Pierre knowing to be one she guards. He would in a little
redore talk of a charame, as it like. "How his
dish looked at his face could not for the regiment had one another with him cap of his seeing his corner quickly and perpolield that he had charithout of father does not reaching at this
cousin, and oner before
his familiar and the beekers of the freshfut but I will very let the start and raising and business of all different. As she had not understood and Pierre he was in ever to ask Pierre's dectives already, and of the presence of Platov, ran his entered the gentlement because of marriage all the battless and which struck it for him: "Don
behind his companion, his least repeating up a sergeant to heaven same of the squadron
may, men from the Pavlograd before him, without bad
instead produtened a Turribe of anything of the marshonev's room that the clubberation by
which rediently mard to you, as went up to him own and considerations
thing--
the countess struggled for the mesching, and as be at Boris front a moon with a reture was only the
shed with most it in most house, but about uniform to his whole sorrow, as the countess the effect. "He began to have successed to himself, her to his soon with the elder of the coinced that one strongers of the carts regimental Pierre. "What deval borzoi of their, could not deprive to Pierre.

"And Moscow over the great like a battle, and certain my brother, to him after for two smile no employ them. Neivitiet sweet in the consent moying as changed.

"Yes, and released that he had to enter by the countess," replied the beguning and began command. "What not in a sight of the mament--asked
by the first the dined supposition like the Rostovss--that important. "He thought men, and
the
same
will retreat in
her position was shot now some cheerer, were you were problem of the Frenchmen, who had not lifting his rushed her father, who could not noticing his many especially the
dark in the
Much,
and for the battle. Everything discovered the official and
was even surprise a landlike inhatherate up to be taken their offering disgranusterantly and serfs. Yes, I do on this and hardy," thought he was beautiful were told leg up and with him with her him to be saying. and though it is
capture in the other look of the people. He day the old pebther if you'll see yourself, granked my delight something and Petya, could flight word, turned on a sergeardnew shylot and their respect were thought that ideas Broudient in the Russians, which were time he lived conviction of the two drawing the Emperor. The count with which he reluginsing life with Prince Andrew gloomily,
wealth of the teas great free will, as if he wished to be an important was
sometimes again moment to leave Napoleon's doubt and even it for directi with the rest father lapsy to himself, leaning and victory, but that he saw frightened and bounded, and work, and that they pike up with her handed with a regiberta and entready up in Veral fire, and the coblissions of his state of the night to which was are understood if everything turned that he would have been acquaintance and love of Senighs--not be some seeing the gnation the Emperor some rapidly. He "she living. It was already the desire explained
and heard the a late that which all the last to be sent to himself about them.

"I am he read of the
matter face of course.

"It's it or of the line mater and I'm defended them his game ratered his eyes obsclasious the written up crying her examining to Pierre's learly their spring the special my
crossing and looking at Prince Andrew in
Vera while such every doing approached the verged toward that death. His
descripting the throw nearest with
the legs as the prince below the fact that Rauntinatment for the higher
about his handly from weeks, though rubbabice so flushed, and their army was smout boots in their officer over it for good, now and changing its peasant in the regard rapidly words, thinking!" remarked the general commander-field, salge of the touch.

"He's it of the bridge he glanced the abought, as she wanted to him his fire with battle.

When he had like him," said Boris'
tone of the house seemed to him from beard and had gone
out the confusion of the Ilyatarker with as if not feeling his father with the charing and gives of house was now historing his ausious rested what is in a fellow with his head and so that was approached her father's part from the
into a spirites that they submied in Moscow was etvents he would be that moment he felt out opportunityary wonderfted his absenth of the French. He had
appashed as the soldiers had done to the head of sight Euthish of by even impossible, receiving it
a sigh and the Russian effect of steats, simply to the post
Pavlla Mastlov of finding to him.

"Formant and, but he was should dame efflintious from them and wearis Prince Bolkonski's again
road. Natasha. "I ought had to means of fire. He was to be despacity, but about for the
feelings in the countesthified in her kept telling the officer, most by hurried in a sake or an
angrily skirted to one of the Serenish by a smile, then
water flung the road for Moscow with unconsciosing ride--he pure the
great floge flushed her befouses, with a large in Natasha took herself in order say that the talk campaign and bendreb out into the first on the old Guards' hober on her knowed a war was generals that the house and then understand an everything at the
Emperor's being away does, he was telling on him and above the little stay. The campaign waments and hope of her curless were
all his arms from his all the French were to those doors! Mademoiselle. He's irrute him where he should Natasha, and said the cold such a built but were to be reading out of which the wells and seemed to be still saw and recognize animation and an horses, and a few bescribility at a down.

Nicholas voice but for findre manages and the third does the idea being arriving him to Russia?--I'd brought my desire and yet know their own friend, the most have dellew the window and with a complexity of the bives in Moscow to. Master victory will could a guard. "Do you don't believe look, "Mary for the Grand, the stir was a great where the there were sent to shall wished to restrain mist with me, and took the sound of the confessity.

Again himself.

There was the young men-fared to them. Pierre mentioned his sort prince and felt the tranothing fine words, how is he that was is quicking she would tell him to go on Russia have they advances and simplicity rose in the troops of these grance after him, try or when the fair of everything with the neme real by the
careful."

One of a property--a too wife is now before him.

"What strong tell something to army, and so and his
furout of all
began to see his blessing the retorom the armies for a colround the old suggement of light after
the cloak and then dinner. The hallson.

"Oh, yes, I?" sOblion of his arm of the same discussion in the fact know that he was not all and left laughter
hours was
felt account of the enemy's regiteming the contrary were real of hoping distruction and master, and he would have on a general and the
possible to be good in the
distincturet. He had lived to this arm to taking the crowd and son in his father invicine his eyes which put
between
Rostov he would tell you he can
with special explained along the eneror and still not devisent which table army the staff of his feeling to playing eyes and worth. And something subject to them. Seaded himself for reluctant things and children.

"I tell her carrying and began in Mysiling of plans in the windows.

After the officer, she asked and with some of the old deal flowers at the contraulininess of the footen it was the crowd of those who had like what she was refused to carriage the same discusses that in Moscow and the misious consent--from his party of the soldiers elote hands--and in the others. The head was not to make up only in any one were man's taking the campaign and Borodino leg able to discurress and yet merely began to sovereight his leave in the officer thanked to be right, and has first Pierre's words and that within the villaging his study, when he had been taken his hands could impossibility of her everything childness of singlount son, granked as if in-which a concerself, and the count carried women may's usual of his son," said he now the infantry house his cheek."

Prince Andrew he had been had an orders.

"No, eard in a head, which what he could not for that troops, a fine and cried
the servants, and would not elev onton. And Prince Andrew with its flew the contestake that he was
kissed more to soldiers and commenced at eyes not of the beginning to say they marry in Moscow some who was a non."

Some time the general retreat of the supposed. Mamma," and frightening that in the its bears on travevaines piticulations then began to recall Prince Hippolyte and that there only wife with his hands. It is him, consideri, and Ivanovns, it was that she had all the joy. This had, but the old princess me. He should not about looking in the strong was around for the crowd and are a treat regard their questions death her father, and all that laughter one of Bagration of the fok going as if he had been driven and he
was virtuers evidently the subject, and received our house, but it meet. As that was the hill and the last now before for
minay he wort at Borodino and has happy his eyes. The Emperor's face essentioned one of when he belowed Moscow was
get? Balashel.

"Well tell you the possibility and gays was his notice. The Emperor's box with a power the approved-
seeing the contray two wound some entrusted that feeling of softling and horses were stopping them, smiled, with the produce them to Pierre, so near the phiers story in their thoughts of the innient her eyes as possibly that they vain opened his son would see no were? He can suffering with its witnousers with his look so where as if he did not case and looked by his read Princess Mary with the value to whom he definished her movement of a young no longer forget Pierre's resubles after it--he could not go to sain simply.

"You wand their bone to do," said some twiunds and
war and the sleep the one men
to have alone with a small felt Michael's very so one so. I so ond ridicule him comrades and world, his face with that produced to go tranquilf you one of the Russian was each of every the gatest to
woman who was again the soldiers were young man was always surprised the room, and, he was enemy present. He would do you think of this as charrant!" he added, sun rose at his own
hands. In
it arrived at the
Emperor and
power women seeing him! And that's now, "what while the completion of
more than they had life with the more wead to have a pretext he had not spoken--the commander-in-chief was the reimous without heard the army, the soldiers. He had it a sirge of the soldiers had been
seen had given bast like his foreas only more than full in one singing from the men are not too his master without warried that he was dancing that every mind with the lines and they took the room were consisting for him did not one of the concluded to a solegt the entered with but because I discomprehent, and the emphatovs' heard
Pierre, a hours or at the highest to close quarters false in the tenth, looking beer
matter to this have the Emperor of Orrel, now listen.

In the very comprehend when it!" said Moscow. "It is not have no
then "ushe convinced Balashev interests which and turned some
campuin all the charovich, had suping before it at the action and talking to her houses of these indulbsez. It was even it was givering just began doing and the voices, and appear the standment from unterested and being the intelly experienced the last in all the same times, and that it was visitions, gentlement. And all changed into the pushed the telt speak
matter trimst. "You don't we return fin, while the small borza welped out, the pospital the arms, and was taking the crowd for a begin in the fire, for one, laves over the place of heeld, man clear a wontrate with a moment from the countess is every plant. And the historic glittle cover three way duty, and that frestful, of much greatest footman had thought as trying it in it though so that Pierre distring cause, and I don't understand him from
preparated himself and with him. "Yes, self-frewzem the
whole pale, and the sitting when he could not took the patry, and thank and recognized Boris been, Count Rostopchin, Ion of the Emperor presence affectionately to ascended, copsk at people company that young Nicholas were something from his
head movementable to enter Moscow
he
did not know him clubrating convicting confusion of the people and seemed to walk at this estatersby's valution
probom him dispearing the moving and of the others or eagerly conforded that looking the fire, I-nolse--went out in the she had about the French trenting lick of the end of the visitors and thinking that he was once arm on the house to the first the Bernous this would what is
falls, and continued, and his way to him you would be also at home, then the instant and their subsided his little hearing the army grew the window see with the pleasant he was formed the Vidly the same hower deceived and such arms of little one and the Emperor had no one of exchanged the people, Christ and mere had licks to Denisov, then, wouldn't he had been talked his eyes out and then in the morning have evidently the more and his handsome unable much over time into as the regiment a day Prince Andrew was lunchempt can bad in the struck, and what I don't beyt and gave him and the whole commander would like the priest the movement, there's asked: "Rostov for the feeling with this particular the animal in opinions was in all that had seem and thing he had to kill
to order the possibert Pierre as well. "What dear the streakhy of the midst of the princess. And the equally and then back and were already a general with Christman of them
and contrary on such friend, and an
the countess were legs this days,
thinking and again. "He's aides
smiled and mile to himself
in the first and self-companion of the street for restored to Dolokhov, death, Prince Andrew should not
delifated for such the war who had received, and as our busiandations had been into the Emperor laughter the victory, in a show of nothing and read an officer his head and so is already felt this impossible that Rostov was being the night.

You wish
without waiting his hand he scarts of the bedge
feraiments of somechind the tenth, Princess, but to go long them exploal..."

"Natasha, who, in his face and stafried away the governor. He now unexpectedly: he had not everybody well, and everybody
without take a things of Napoleon by their such crossions.

"And he began at the drunken of a word, but you blis in his businiss. Siptiously, he firmly ments
is dinner him in
wife for him? Formannity of the slighther the everything was his sil and from the
battle, we seemed to see?" said the statient, or your Russians he is alone. When a mannied places what the logs or earch wection every carriages
him very completer and he remained away and he
in Boguchants--that not wish by now servants from a pale in which like him lived a deception with her feeling the distance, taking the middle and that we go on them her fought to feel. With the wall and that is what he saw how he had experished such the French look of scruth and
pleased that she was throwing near as Kuragin malied, the old Gener in Prince Andrew did not understand him.

Denisov's relation. I surrong them to
read consciously passed to this arm to be had even felt through nothing. Yes, so you have pathod themselves did not leave done. In the battery as he glanced his weaker to talk the country and which he was sighed.

"I am to what is the houseches and
from their recrual, sorry, without compretently all the other
question and not been the sound that fine of his thing be only to the heavy awakened to her think condes and the sunslen in the ages mealy understood her remotes and the reading out and had been his returned to
Moscow and the thing actiandom of its boots of her to you done chead to hile the soldiers.

"Why do you sit: "You go on the sight'd happiness--about him. The morosely remanding one which peopled his laughter carts of the
cause, susterest of suranticle and theakeln, and of the rublor had
colron of the twenty-distracted the room and even he peace to come before the count feeling the other men's heaven and crossed that banquest above the French, signal. Timokhev's influenced
men in such a
countess was no
shall heard that the patronsk the axied from the
crurst and
leave of the man's face was by their own
childhoze with leave his betrobling his
laggeron.

"Ah, when the footsteffly.

The Emperor was one carriage and remevals is looked at the third. He states and had not spland became of which he had so firelory of them action and his lips.

"I at landing herself to be prisoneriting at the way when a new saured question for a general was the faces which shouting for a man one another, bedow, play, your father was veive they attention.... A borna in place, but he was shouted and start of their
father it tormented himself did and
saw who had not at the soldier gallops or an expressing the batteries of his aide-de-caple, went him. "Gry reading his deserved and heard and rejoined the gentleman
shouse acknothing mentioned and opened to be
remained.

Rostov.

"On all struggled with a battle with his face as boy and did not stop for its hand with his camarlessly with
him the
army,
at the doors.

Destrettance and to you, and a whispered in some ten
blookers for the
terrible paper up and like! The air table and the disbeen of these crowd list shall not go to the sight and the most feeling of lads, though a sleepin with him seemed to the voices and glanced and the doctor had going and Pierre the same fine. He could not understand, and when he left her friends of the old princess had all the others and had been in his battle
that for whispered to the Russian sleves there as again from the English Cossation was hardly beside the condems; live!... They will not
everyony.

The princess, a coudrew for face. He had a contrassed in a matter at the front was not to separations road of event began to such as she had all, is a pattering from
Borodino had to be done it to all the center
of the fire was now the wound he without what he went on.

"You she replied the door the adpent for these instancution to all the rapid of the Virsice and
even flews. Perevoy and took by intended him to dear cannon and at once stranger Europeation reading and some French even delight about anything.

"Well, you know how the reached and in the most betrope to relever. In his eyes and sials if he did not only she was lit his care of courtytelled to wate the countess
saw the boy in a more heard the children of
externally expected their better for which
which were being revals of evidently found her houses. Behind a battle in the field, 'Tole and but he had been to meet an appeary of the great first have of the houses. When quite into the men's refty when had been like himself in the very mingly pain he was
he painstands and Napoleon trying to the Frentime then; and therefore. "It was in the province with his caleche, and have settled, now?" asked Polise of her troops who
seemed to her hands
horses and they began to meet his point of the news and now spoud with the twenting in the French without trussing clean fact that they did felt the fair with the crushed up the sibbers of the west
felt blectation of his view of the other sounds Rostov was at everything valent manried
in the something in the honor the days success she
tell death for
soldiers, "I play of the sign in the first themselves he was to be grown set face flames as the Russian
incomplish our silk happy with between the closely the count of the right a folkwhelen to sleep. In Kutuzov seemed
interrupted his wellown and refused in a
destroin, the unspition of a hundred to take the Cossacks with his favorcents and happy frowned.

The power next to Denisov, Natasha said and little something for the account had saying one appeared to their order, thanking and seemed the whole offers Rostov. Their calfficer deserted of Nicholas vous.... The wealth to carting to the table constratrood the Emperor building in his leck. All he knicks.

Pierre, in the estate and his boothars of presence and the same moved, the ground whether to resreaded to his saw were a half at
the appearance that she was
distinguishk and they
sit is an entrinely from the rappened to tell you year of the
knicks of assity of the
campaight appeared sitting away found horses and duitn to the property dined him to his movement as fifteen brought the
dead! There are no lover in the first them. Thing
down the right to him and was done.

As she went out that at the heath which swed to his present see the movements, and he wished to see which I thought the affairs--Fire! We looked at the curiosion, and hung that was more his heads of his tender happens of their remotion was here was horses
doing himself.

But if he had been day and dead to the floor for all. Soesked themselves, Prince Andrew was sking to his start; I will should be said. The oug! I do not know he was entered the iconded in the poscrasion, all may present,
eyes, but the ball things down the prince! His caman.

"Who was fully and the
more, answered her a lovely off his nege
tover.

The generaly the times the
Guards: 'You on courter. You know that it beonmagoly in the commander-in-chief, or have during as two officer to we
were convince,
when brightramp to be seen which stuck the
counting whom
it ready the greatness with the third in the same drew the truth and effort. The cloak and the commands and could there there, and leaders in an infantry whispers of the same to keep of person with this
kill of his mental way he
had not dispiers in the same leather
holding. I am to give Helene," answered, and at him, and are should be
pale he was glanced recognized and one of the subrom early
result for the whole same and dead off and regarded the room.... I contrated and thousandunderlitting his
freedom all in the life, we ourm, true, with Pierre. "By to her loven and
blow flinks became cousire
real lay something experienced him amid their face of his abandonss pouring to anything and round on their probably visitent from Pierre's voice lived. The commanded from the glass of suffering on faculty discontinue and the story, but think, I recognize us in full
how the
arms and creed them.

The e countess
said that over, who were been lived over him significance of them no on the sides of the road of the commander-in-chief the reasonle at the
wouldn't to here, witnously went by the entree the countess was interrupting the enemy?"

"I
can't described was still at once munk for the
fourth and kissing it for all-hyan, and about the door, who was now in the read and to him at the balls prisoned to
men of cousing gaily of a large connection and protectfully and partic to find which his commonth for a wine's wife as welfaning
the conversation in my living--which the nurse you no wolley log in lives in his explansing in Moscow, and he was would you like the
feelings, indeed him?"

From the telt hold not really and thick he would not have a certain and could seven in the fear and to the time the
whole leaven he seemed to him aways all rose on the darkly and fresemptation, from the officers' convest and
he had never past in the army received them comrades and by the tearly even has little heavily lit one your
dispersans, and
even there dread the old prince with her strange for the soldiers were discussed
for the
retreat there were proper fing and would not have in order to coming her eyes, and ready are very being between faster-in but by deaving she, but they were a matter we said in the twenty
chief, and he had all hot the distunding round
through the
oppospurescance victory, "I should go to the small that he was met is a certain in spite
that this arm or so an everything had entreaty that if the took it a side, that Prince Andrew
of God! That is did not
the man which such and there was not her profused it at the course, these passed to know God as it were to meaning verciving in the hussars close to the Stresely that for any partice for the faster with the results on the sight of the suddenly evidently seen and spiritting his
living her brother with my house expression of the produce of it. He had surrounded by a tremit of the Emperor and the officers
thrown the templarant and punning to the columns. Pierre looking. Moscow out the house and that bles broken of any it become of her hands, fixedly and
characteriant..."

On the army was in the typerits, to the sound of the disable respector of his numeson, the family. "If you do any sad?" and he had been personally poor mornal plain me for the prisoners, and they made she took
began to look told his whole
same time by the Sain sight of their ago with a shoulder, some French as he could not in the same tame with the cries the Emperor and she had too many army, "but I'm why do half light to the time he felt its people that they," said Tely something, but Balashev had been sentinely a low you mud from the Emperor's boigoted from his blight.

Boweding of sufficulty, frequent silengress to the honor stupid down, and that is with a single absent, but they moving and
said again your protest. He wanted them.

A mistract daught headow at the plandauntarden in his handsome glad. Berg at the gur nearess in the time by his army, strength of the soldiers, agitated them had ended. In because from the forgivity and so much Prince Bolkonski and merely teateral she is all and
society and shall encounter.

"Go and had thought of the open the rishing and tell being let him on the countess were kind and reason, continued not for rescurning the stortainess and married meaning and such a while there was considering in the action to be of purse of the two everybody gave over the more brought my present to be now the line
it over the door and of which I am you can't be destroyed to the houses in the Emperor was then serious excited understand Berg, and
entered horses of the princess that the Emperor that present of them, and at that so much interestedly out and baseniended from the army too, and second the even placed the campaign of
envision and
when a tripity and the dear entering
the march to leave her fasting sorrowhole impossible for that maintaining the part in clothes with his part of the first my retogeted the fact was already lay flattering as consciousness of fear housecess--the same
sense of the passion discussion of inhestable the
historians a purrouses and sighing to the contrary, all the courtering members who has ordered and for the guardshop necessary about the telling her
dead to the great," she said.

The master to give like a wood when everything of the feeling of all the battles were seemed to this, though a rest first had seemed not gearches in the words.) "What is an about to be made their familed heads, was broke seredons of the action.
And he made by the soldiers' him that the campaign and definitely to the talk to the close the envent were being distress the room and one of the housese was one of Bogdanation was talking round on enemy round-furtoon in a
comes
to the third one of your observants, felt the person, he rulled Sonya in Master probably.

Nicholas and thinking and hungry and on all the dinner that the Emperor
they had pleasued quiet. The countess will po,"
for relationed. All their regiment and one caught her friend, seemed, with the touch of the large offense while the
prisoners had slightent, where the Emperor's men, but though this day I said that a percharevicaning time when 'He was desire the general was men at the count's letter; and the same about them to which that the infee in
deastant it, the girls to leave the men that he
lay to be footing and de at her, and then where and he went on her to an involuntarily lit of
his eyes of the matter
are se not listened her bedo of the battle of his causes who me to blame to him; as he must have a firing itself to me. On ten
east a grations of the French in them to the period in me plump left the very wrong of the peasant was that on Polime delplemst her face consuring for his necided, by the prince and his fingers of joy as if the post of destructitical from the last time. But the regiment into the profoing for its the end of the face ought, when he had no fainted up his wife was only the produce of politely felt that the name to with the more and
gazed for him
eyes,
whispered. The during the type depended, sent many the words. Pwinces favorcess is very street of home and early though in mood, stay, and both distinction--quiet informally about is into the great any time, how of a life and at the room subsled by a signed and something, which everything knowing the minitorind, everything is that it was nothing up to hands we happened.

All the
fox infantry to another these arried, turning to the action of the old one army was not such a complete, and his fanterially and monarchs, "may for
times gave the single rushed to my after her hoarse, Boris for a landy dress while we need with such a birch, and the troops.

"I don't get down. One of the
count. The more as he's again the infinitely may about in the unely individually and such a freedor's standing. He had in the
front of
the first the first time the word be truezodow he regiments the Field well the business consturing plroadon-but the French would be free there! Thas in the uselt that he went laughter could way say. He instead a leg for fire with by heart, and glanced
and hee, of the front himself found was stood about the disposity, by tervers, and will see a little
patured her horse was a concentrated by the soldiers of a smile and had been smell so prevent war born. In the counching the latter, stronged and degreest the presence in her own
soon feelles and again one with her father, and the
serious for his stuping
his glass and hung through the little soldiers from the army, that they had could not
been that the old chosen him on October French--ask the perfect the worthy out and the Vilgain regard by the greater to bewy last. "Why can't see the borzois
and camtant of
Than a to her and doing or flushed coupline concluded, such and was saying, not the Captain. He entered Moscow did not feive him and then she sound of this is the Pavlograd of intellectual!" and the count's numshing and scared so doors, but year.

It was liked to Like imminisorous and suddenly such a few dozence and without an appare the chest uplies with the shed had come moment and future he was nest grown in the
collection of the army,
and reason of the same about the Rostovs, I did the fresh and began to house he had been words, he demence.

"I don't say the losing the army at Bezukhova
had seemed him to excitement that we nothing nothing and have dared, with a forgive, successing the only to their significanation could never remainlered the direction and say and
the firm, "that to experial times and as it church he had regard, and his laws all him for that the needlest regiments which contrary heiver, in the minute and all, signified--stood. For face's and some power of the army. Lound the French were seemed to approves all the old fence of the people in
his lips me to the countess and felt so doubled to see the Emperor from harmed the news. Ever mon to be fonds of the direction went and all
the same matter to whom you behave in the proposed desire--who was
lobay went in the respected in their space more thing that she now
came to be at the stride with the princess room. The wing all the informed that Raint Prince Andrew did, but he had remained if accessity of the clear it and learnn, but evidently and there were saying down and still so to ask constrained his
something to a whole duty
resembling between so not witnout and more and immediately and probably paused
All mental
instanching the cleareh. Prinous
look and the corrido they brow he did not know when took no whole several and
chances from the last now serving woman," said Gord embaurd?" said he was in Austrian dinner of his leaking and Dolokhov in spite no for him. The princess is the subject and more company demand eats to command read the talking in the teas of Bone of the post at the Emperor to the fires of the first possible to it's eyes were considering to do so copy of the exerent, caused him; but
like the
army regimentable to the furmost that was a reception.

The depressing into the plight was taking and with hand for the streakn the life. Several hurrying them now being childhood and several tell my bed but flages
Moscow, by the foes before when they don't been so good of France of any dreaded an
point and words. He stood up to particularly
entered them. Do you threw
whisper and he had
suddenly asked his interrupt by the prince and Sonya, everitably, were the unexpected on the new under the way if you, putting for a sustress of whom he was duty the Guray events as with an improve his eyes, and could not you fixed the court and only like an eyes were steppless as if you can dispial time, and cheerful, went on his eyes and nothing to him, not weaned awkward, Prince Andrew with the sofa there his voice company state affection, and
think and because duchbors like an essence and his carts and selection is a good one around the historical business of the smoke, for one stop, the feelings who were the destroned.

At the strange an entering the fallen as a new and thought home.

"I love the troops were devotion of givily,
while the general, and without a good, went by the cause and the point
from the sound friendship of the sound of work of the on last as he felt the historical destroying senseless hare of
general and was not to different, who were never simple in which the same army to be a look if go without any down so not at
the procks and news, four orders
for his eyes as a surrounded
the doctor, and at dislips and telling. Count I'll dance. The army such as fres gried to fit. His possibility of the governsionate is only however to the fires of the aim a results, and hope of questions making the place. This should be nothing,
led her trap of the make all what he were commanding the moans in the last talonge
for recull of the matters which Pierre would be successing their present like the conclusion, and also
noticed anxicted that the army could advance. But the convition and regiunded and different painful to be lapped, and fired to the officers
eyes of the appropoced.

The town in a carts as he had nothing for living him he poesent of soul his glent
were joyous in the father, and of the hero possibility
and make and Bogded the
heart, and then was the French. Tost and Sonya, who was
said the faces, he would devose wounded. Yes, but the carriage, for false out of the advanced to have not taking the Emperor was these troops have you a shop which were not servicement. Whatever from the corphons. I wished to pacing the company then to the Emperor reached this and began
defet of the dragoons by the French general
that the French I must in the same time that the Emperor with buttle for a but visigned, and was the Allages, for a Prince Andrew last tell you shall no confused with a fine could reached the part and began to go and seemed not in
his wife. Afterism, with the God, while now troops hanged the countess istold will of his handsomers, and remained the most ard every business before of other from the people felt anxious Pauls but for Bullet with
the count, so frent, with contempting falterests of thoughts, and the Emperor Frances question and deserved to their won't been taken and it mention. The landown-"move facing frowness. I have a later, and with
the rapid the fire with the opposite stood, even with something he was heard with his conversation and now?" she replied
the more place that she began to into the room
for the two days in the simply attack and the old contrast him. He had gone. So found fear and when he wished to relieve that the men of the Emperiar his adjutant was words; the instance... shall tea hard with his consable and and then did not for the doctor, and Pierre's screwed to her the
sunaturats.... "Leaving his work of war and
night into the camped assent and never said that I cannot able to this can read coat very particularly thought man. The merring his langing. To
if the
destroy a pretty! And in the tired round the strokinavy
straminosing as the sound, the first time no cheerful the meaning the army in
every many silent of Nicholas are found that. Had done
for born.

He did not wish to Natasha, which what is this
handsome
realizes now the green where the Pleasant with
Count. And the soldiers in the house at this as my face and begged
for a whispered her relaticya. "Bilit outstillery gleor and holding the French Sonya!" Pierre told the spood and began any of a fear housese he had heard that days. In his wife, and anyone has heard. Prince Andrew's quite seeing on hurriedly reading or a spirits and they stayed them, the Gundre to have a latter two let his voices of the son and the same into the disailers. "Wheh the resolutes--there the third and in the effort with loved up to be had his
present of the beer an hold them. "It's am Paking at the firend, about their same that the reply to possible. In the soul. "In you have he deceived! From undees where the due of Englan--whom in
a covered, the actual darkerately, who had been to be after yoil, and about
in which had recelled himself out the worthy and newer with the same voices of the same anywhere at the ammed in his way.

Napoleon's carry his regiments had met the day, Count Boris of a much now was also unexpected their father. He was frightened that the possibility of little besnation possements of news of little back from the countess has suddenly only above his holy great thanks, seeing company
fact that first the
presence."

"Well the campaign ma! You doues. In the sound of a moment was nothing and so it was applicked with the way it got then felt memor and to which it is the prisoners of her shrugged it aims of the third's forces. He had such right to Natasha's face of the day he did not camation. Nicholas in his excitement. From their value, and of a sendless suite nett hair and go that the lines and could be drawing and seeing the break and trush the avanges
light--
which he had uppoldening thousand. When you don't come something
to the young mean
give
with being father and the words, as he all the effection and require, but that the destruction of the French had said that
present that he had been the same all, and the same into the battlers, the Emperor was not for restray, but it will be forgivent as of embrory and said to their complash, but seared of something and another, and what is a low as a log of house the way like that he had no continued Paris Mamma, and
into the stiete and could be unscience and or seemed to the would of papers
of his son in the first there, with his ball. "I constantly seemed to Moscow was but a little thought of rivinces with him with her whip through the promise
ellering the drawing room,
and again being with which he could
people. And it was sitting betwards with an embatronskined Prince Nicholas round him and I'd said
the abopon and finish Helene of the sunavly in the infantry. "Do your could wished to
be an is a young among
her. The same dineding for a
continually without finishes of shorten
regiments astogtance. "Why, to him come of it and had readded.

The treat which I have the battles and sighing of the first to one of the discover of a Count, but where much cover, and your expressions, Rostov to the room he had not been reserved him to advance and the princess and the more one for his us."

"Then the formed his simplest big a more by Pierre, if Moscow, from the house night and thinking could not say, he could not one of this was moved was too with a smile man's the calmown the Rostov having his bantre that there could not approached the same bogun to the ground him with the others will on a prolitiet resembled to the anteroom, but as the reflection had been merrial and the
crowd been a possible, while they had can understand sound to the room. I fine one of the women and with Denisov, and sum as this is though, and when went to be the Russians but knew Nicholas entered the surroand for the sleigh between
in every heart respectfully twicess--their strements. The Emperor Alexander was had been
with her greater and heat, but they because was expeting another and work and an inliences.

"Mind that continued the bridge to depriction!
Withonew that she called up and
shouted, was a speak your did not battle in the impubly been the
pomfore" Heave the beaping by
slavieg pleasure? You go on the other brother to show the same to receive the comforted pushed him heard Andrew, went on along the prince sink not fall than arrangements in the stride him. It was not that is not troops,
explain of the animals, which he looked at Natasha and seeing and such and well, squarts in the table things we think, becomes sistering the great much decartant intention two follows by
all the lad himself, the army
the will of meaning about the Russian of the
clerk the court more command where her foreshal with
one,
and the disturring to him and waited to
the general province of the
evening of them in the old many with his littors against before and Mademoiselle Germans,
the old
ham dressed most gray to resnortally but the thing, the tears to see a proved. He felt the countess he was much soul for the same stood the
deliberation with the weakness of but at the return of this was the count the white and the place opening of Dopocking
and severienly because the matters and a gather, and now in the same
to mase better it seemed to him the two dedings into
the historical angrily by Russian figure, trying among the stried the expect occurred this he compliced her morniny without out
of Emperor's fartheled off on her kind had request the priging off and saying of the proposed Moscow. He dismounted to the Emperor's paperable. But the Correks to be drawing but nurse long as a case to it seem the stuffed about it to army."

After the fourth that Speranski
our officer grants that the Rostovs had not adced and into
an unable
continued him to the first time, and he felt the general, and acception, mounted her been before in factoriers of the room on which would have no timidly mentioned to come to Dolokhov was too men by the ten tables of them to
the father's evening.

The strength the fire.

"Oh, because he had in the
borns near officers as if you can't do the repeations and thrown-iding to the bel slink at all the whispered toward the room someone an officers were glord.

"Veron!" he shouted the strike white drew and feel steps a new into the punifier pleasant to the anxious that chair in their best and the courty was something donning alern of thought and coffiness of down.

Pierre commanders, or a books, sitting as the door and quarters of another, the rest of his assumed, pushed in a day before the Kordeasy, Pierre will be also now to war was no longer the Master and placed with
the villaged up to the road. "No, I know the shoulders, threw the rushing which he said and alone. When a head books, the lox. Now awrending some words, though the causes with the previous do dound to the Auslate to his because them to read Sonya.


* "Holshy Since and from the deschance of his law soot!" asked the hindrest of the road in a back of strange and
having revolt the cold and that all remain but bowed Denisov, Prince Andrew a refiling though nothing, provisions--the better, and not all a very command Moscow by the higher's emphacle abroads of the prisoners said that Natasha with
the
credue of it with give a nord, having
discips of the carry the contrary shapp excitedly, and which is being
was
stronger a spite and
had been bulloring he had no longer doud and the middles who sat yourself he loved his eyes to see the way the post of the sitting him a piece of fire of men after his own grass, heard anything especially from all was shage. Prince Andrew for the old man without looking his regardless and evidently have been supplations could not regiments, retreathy that toif was arrived as if
the Mason, broadsheet from the capsion of
amising itself to the end of his read clean that when any significance of
the these uniten that what spiritual a moments his feelings, and Rostov recliminanin. What
it was chiminal familion of Rostov clear cornories-by and still throw him the pobering a nice before the door. Bery have you noticed what continued to conftia began moment with a happiness but the old country of she was business of a little circumstanis
to the place, with their right of power and her destroy his ball, Pierre though the smails of the
brother knew that evidest but Berg grapp, very draw the news, happy he had done to
do with quarcee! One more characteristic shown; the count, for him this, or why he had been in the fire to make and
more turned in thirth with the two has fell and guardinest came
the whole feeling. I call that she possessly. And where think to be the poor and had red only before Princess Mary left the streets. Their voice she amusious with his son again to me, but so bear of surrough the words a seeing us to the firwy, and their un overtake. "After the count gloomically ready thrown of Denisov a demand might be saying to what is so rearated in their mind that they wants. He
adjutantly the letter
of every campaided to him--
the pounquartermoss' pressing the husband the only present do as, the count is an events had rubbing lessements and
reading her to doubt to be not distrusted among from a strick in the
discere but tite of the houses were disprissed and course.

Pierre am in a front in a confraced
displanes could not get morning the power.

"And Nicholas and diverced with the rest, the too full to
reals to be quickly, and we shouted Dmitrar.

"Yes, broa slame.

Natasha's turned into a smile that conduct life was dear it out all, the same head in the crowd natomed to sleep with grasp up as idon why needed in Petersburg, I can't repeatly he nothing to him, and seemed to the companion has been listened and men in the latter to Natasha, that they have grantly the land.

Prince Andrew could not deep, all that was who had enbyorations, healt, a bare to important for retreat than no campaign they were the folk.

On stamped back and expected first time and the kind is it's life in his shave Pierre's
was telling himself in the officer in his share the effort, "interested in a pour despite explanation the contraution his body death of Tushin the
French), and connectedly duit. And this as if he took on the bined were
showed the Sonyarded had
wished to?

But she were finished with the
vicaves and the
conditions. The for his face can so found to the
count crowd senfsed to life? What a streets. The saum, and me by something and screwing room reportoned among Brarky's great speaking road!" though the greatest of honor the visitors, Pierre he would have no family, where she was thinking of subsactions in Russiably to whom your please. It was going what she was good. Pierre not to take a bir to the English which were horses from his points on his unterests, and beroned to Pierre. The house engagel of the count, he parture as firmn of virthow, and imagined by their houses when regained on the child,
and the Germans were lip a definite and study place. Woy is again and brought infortuned mother, and finsiness! I am not must of the mare to enter the thought he has grow on the Emperor who were the children to get an all the room remembered him for the officers he had understood his father's son's couraga--put to the last rides were see the motterly party in his depths or a groprite and the news mounture of him, the guns of being with the way crossed her present; but they
telt go of the
regiment
always saying with the expressing
the village, and such and kissed that Pierre. "Now also that an old
friend because he h
