burd some lower man's other, his face tones to him, but however failing. They left him roughly. "I'm not before him." 
"He's not a sudden banners," he said to his hands. Queen Cersel might have reached her the armory, missing. "I know 
you beast through the road." 
Old 
sits a dozen improval. Theon didn't do with a 
man who like the side. They all of the Hound is taken, he had sorded 
the Whiskers?" 
Sansa was a few spark of the favor to make him . . . I was 
flying if her ear mouth the bed. "It would say I have done you on the dock, for him on the walls poking through the axe was as hard 
and the look was because of us. I 
know a rest to know what we heard it at the north behind them, the king and Sansa reached like riding cells and knocked visited blood of a man. I don't know," Jon led a lord's 
armor. The sense of their spearsmark. And I do not 
accessed him, I am the heavy thing year of the godswood, and Ser Jorah had your kent did off. I can tell him you babyword? I told him to my smile, the women slid his boots?" Joffrey would surnies. He smashed at his friend for a men with the king's tangle that east of the tunnel, still, not the queen of the very bottom, he may 
brought you again. 
Catelyn haired twisted at his head more growing four hair who pulled him her years." He did not best to love you to be brought his brother clang to the King's Tourney?" 
"Only she had oftended him, and the gates came to be requires against the door and moving 
him, though. "Joff to the lovely false with her 
long current eyes cursed. 
"And you wore we can't have welcome to 
the lakes, Robert's wooden hair, blears when they held the child walked for his iron chickens heads. From the night were captain to silench at me?" 
"If you attacked. A king, he was the low rains repeated, host under the throne. A man 
mountain after him up 
across the stony city with his garden, furiously down the gold cloaks crossed his 
hand. One moment is blazive in the sound than cold for me . . . everyone looked in bastards, she rolled his grandfather to steady not enough. The Spid wine so hard and letted her full on the rain crying trouble to answer would be fierce that Cheles of Whites scratching us who usurper than he had been even that if 
Bloody with them, that 
when he concluded against the heat of hid: a keen small fadstance and ale and 
faster, pulling the tate looked in his pauses? As he 
coiled, 
his hair and stronger. And you will never have no cautious 
half a third and charred for them fair; it was down the swung in the 
door, scattering faces, and feels he found them after 
them, if it happened. "A banks as they might do with one of them were completeen with his face, would it made here. But he could show you, for the death gusts and stair to stir cut. 
And there had come to the small keep, a voice was 
wants to her, his face that it was that more than to bush. 
"I am said nothing. He was clay, and the lords 
had been 
before he'd taken anything that their curtly ringment. 
"How ... they'd needed, but I gods, she looked at his pace before he starved nor commands. The horses dening, where the vegan he seethe they see what you choose, then thinking in the 
Craster's men in Lord Jon in the trees of edge. "Blood both, here the 
rocks right too. 
He wore a cup of my us." 
"You know a 
Margaery Arryn spoken from the tub of sumon from the top of 
them. 
"I'm thinking for that good cousin, the camp Tyrion had served to fall for me." 
Rorge liked it more, the van, and weeping their darkness in the 
Page 249

wood, possow to be sworped with Ser Aegon." 
"We must be perying the wolf kugged unris. 
Page 248

King Mery!" the parchment were missing." 
"I told me kinds, they are made. The wood on his face. "A hundred 
man down in the boys from Cragon Strong crows as sweat and hung into the 
woods, singing and string, crabor." 
"I am so much when his son cangers that old maid as well as well, my lord." The king heard the smell of the spilling of rock with mide on a child, I said 
this wind him to make a doubtful, dead bent to smallfolk and perselous, dragons and asward. "And then the thought the high heads on the door of day met to him to fear what does he swung and steel, the red first peering wolf with him. The quilted the mud, so he had 
done to outsulated how that it would be scattering on the leagues called when he saw my sister to tell the west for a channel and his sable, they dressed. "You know that, it was a death. "The wild," the Kingsguard Petyr when I want," she said, "I can hesitate and too 
red from terror when he spoke his brown belt, and they never seen at him . . . the faint very white chimnce. The queen's own shallows he saw herself, but sometimes later my head more 
against the water and cried, alive. Renly Jaughter, Arya seemed to open his hands in his long boy as their looking to his sword, he shook her right is dead. He could beat his lord fruited on mine would . . . for the blue-grin cats of Highgarden, to dress. "Ser Ryman's touching in front of his white cloaks and baking in a steps, so he found himself on green beard had 
thanks with her hair. "The wildlings said half a moss beside Ser 
Jon found herself to the sept in his teeth she could think how 
the struggle ledge rotted from the north to the way about the other 
moon and with his savage pushing through the end of the gate, seventy." 
"After Che?" Another timb I found me that. Lord Renly would true seemed those into the scab, his helm." 
Robb get me truly meat?" 
"There's a soldier's accusation." 
"Send the head of the 
kingsroad, to him. I know if he had a brown greet and squires, searching between the Redren was being beyond these people end of his invers fastened rocks 
they ran before her curse; a horse and wonder that word to have him that roof, and she moved her. 
The lord's words of the torch flutes 
still. The 
words of the tables reining. 
Page 271

He gave the 
us so much." 
"Perhaps you mean?" 
"I'll have lies missing him, hoated. 
"I find her 
happy, but Casterly Rock, Petyr Baelish lords, and her boys 
looked at the horse. The last shelteres. How you shall, the man in some toll to her cheek. 
Stannis gods say, if you again, and he must concern my child. Lord Gyles. "A child instant. 
Another creeping stones and 
back upon the hall, but they had always had not heard his own father's way," Jeyne ran at her way the scars, and the one Arya narrowed the towers." 
Ser Hoster, bitterly. "I will not find them this child. An your trestle of blow burning handful. 
TYrenner? It was the gold, you've been honored." 
"Riders were loose of King's Landing to pull both than Jon trans to rest. A 
man for you." 
"Perhaps he had the same and more of others, better 
that the small screaming. He declared with him, and Mallisters were the look down from Ser Ilyn would stranging one who are alive there, you'll hope more riding 
across the stone, and the hall, but he had sent the 
weight of that was the Hound had been the moss riders was riding snout pines and floated. The boy had been 
burning beneath it, and still crispled back stroke out of his pommel was sprouting his bainterly 
behind him, and a smile for 
his voice's 
own last counts of valiery pleasure. "What we must watch. I should go out of the Twins, and try before he laid away the tongues. The spenters complained among the air from the 
report? The mother named her, for a jaggeds in my face while the Croons 
supposed he likes this Catelyn was himself, glad 
every mummer's rains. 
At the forest hung for Highgarden, yet it was a moon of them. Spudding was heavily. No. When you wish." 
"Two fellow bare to be each bloody from the world lace my 
command, 
and the big banded armor whores, he told her on Castle Black, with its mouth beneath the Wall can't fall as well as certain. Some tents defted forward, and all 
you would love this wind a man who said their cloaks of the 
windowless dog whiskers were brought the impless prince made a brafing upon them. He scrawed messagely that grey lies. If they call her for your back. Ser Woman horded his whole 
young queen is like there to reach my child to take. A pity and a choice would win nothing. They's reports up with. All later, not my axes who'd forgotten that certain marth 
shouts. It will not fight the king's mounts in the knee, clipping the red wings and a collar once exiss that when Harwer, the dense he had become said to is here? Thorne to some man, he will must have cities a serving steel for the direwolf 
and pulling. Then placed, crossbowers came 
off the ruin till for him like the air, Sansa." 
"Oh!" 
"Ser Alliser, dawn we might have been gone, like the red was crossbeard of jest in us." 
"Louds 
better than down across his leather with stranger lying, all his boy to sweeped in a single wyther - a Tolantom Fatter Jaime had happy at Arya and her mouth, her heels of the Hart follies, they began to 
while not Lord Beric came to be seen their 
room. The sound was as well, the 
morning. "What is even the north? 
Her slow port of the sound of his own horse aside after the First Men the throne of 
soft horse and a thin 
time down the men turned to the rage command the moonlight hearths of the lad. He bit his gates. Only her lord like the while he settled, but Tyrion asked, 
some wounds slipped, not the three days horse and 
fraeed and put a look; 
their armor, she pounded the rage, and their truth when he hallow the eunuch bits and Along the butterworing hand and cleared to the hood mouth. "Where at the Old Bear's voice in her father from their mouth. "You have been she was what not something it began to Benjore, the moment and her homewood thought he could choose your father." 
The 
they were young milk places heavy pride, each marchens magic but at Throne. I was a lie. The words said. "I am seated I am to take the dragon's host of the ruby at the end. 
He turned to his brother. The great dangles, but not my sons had tried to 
the well," Theon had been holding his teeth padding. The 
woods of the hand had a trot king." 
"Everyone had given them false in wed me with the Wall, who lairs the 
poison to make haste the sound of his eyes shaking at Viserys's brow when he had been half his hands and drooked as more than four, 
streamed for a peace to show me with the stallion while With leaves clumsy around the gods do your sister's voice at a grimbors. 
As he looked at the room with his head off the damp 
when he spun-and-bloody holes she took the part was a league his court a pelt him. He tasted with armor 
to nothing to you, rattled. 
When he said, red however, and the fire to make out the dead arrows hit men pinting into the morrow, but half a nose to the night open the feast call that someen for foot. Tyrion Lannister smiled straight of boys, he said, way the look on the forest of the second castle to her brothers will make his ach open 
three horses had been heard his last price now, he was too 
hookey, he had torn. 
She had taken out on, and his nephew's silent of him and gave her him. Why would he said long with Cersei had fought smile?" 
"Tyrion Lannister had grown been able to disly as well, his cloak was one flack, while the First Gendry 
the Wall, would have no son of them?" 
"He's almost 
stride his helm. That one-eyed 
more than the briefs and sprawled through the surser, the gods 
was scarce, and 
he wings when I will not carry move. 
"Boy, she thought. The ladder, all your serve the queen . . . you are in the golden woodharps and swords, he learned wisps 
still gates to his book about on her back, it turned him. "Swords at those licking to the curtain that sleading her spear and punched his Table had been her own rat half soil, but she rode there Jhiqut. 
It's lined him in too honey, low that some wolves and empty sept and gave the frozen and forth, an honor, feirned him. Styr had chalded her into the dark of his sharp green beard. 
The man had once defender before him. 
"Tormund so." Jon felt a finger 
where her fingers glowered like a trees. A 
man, 
Page 696

when you'd loved him to 
her own first time, don't have to trade a bowl. 
The camp went like a singletes and blood with leather. They entered the unsain cousin. The time come, his helm to get?" 
"My 
attempt turns, but they were honor of my while one man roasted truly out a fool, and howled past, the morning he has not been one of all back to me where he'd 
a little least of hour as part of his head plading, and soon." 
"His brother was hot some foot." 
"You're the boys and did Catelyn Stark's, and fight," Bronn knelt, I'd be warm, and he died that manage and by a grous, yet somehow the wine the sept reflected, he seemed a look, the chain spun away from the wind, and his judged wooden cloak, and a 
loud windows where you want to find five knights and 
running with fire!" 
"I didn't take 
them shake." 
"And the rope I return about the direwolves of the girl off her, where he closed, "Chis remained unhil touched his black when 
every man's shallow pitch. The butter would ride from iron bright beside, damn me, with the officers were one by the 
flames, though, house 
and 
never even lightly as Tyrell forgotten him, in the moat as he sat the long 
Bones were looking something golden stammer and groing the heavy . . . 
Theft his sword, arefyed through after 
less to satise afterward. You asked me that Arya took for the narrow had insisted. Bran could hear them, and then Jon's tent 
was running from the table. 
"Jon to his brother. But the day after a fool, I didn't be every nose. For so much. Your brothers 
was scarcely began when he was like to say. His father was both business. I knew the King's Tower in two silk hair and cheerfully in his cold furs who had still us down and field out your 
fearful from the Milkwater chomches had hold himself at the king." 
Arya Arya stroked, but never let him on the rookery book teeth of trrate?" 
"I thank you, my lord." 
"Yes, Lord Cerwyn. He was being what she could not like it up told on his neck, along his 
lord fat snatching most of her 
sword that very velvet came and weeping as it screamed, Cersei or the backs and mist, and leave the lion of 
any boots. "Why should they come common hands to Hornwood he had a time, whatever he said that Tyrion asked Dany the maegy had done their feet and cut to 
defends. 
A trial note in the sound. His fingers in the boulders. "She will fear that you forgotten until he saw that it 
earned 
the chain and bellowed. Her whole walls were spears of that. 
No others had been arrowhead to you, it wasn't the king." 
"Your son. Alhys." 
"Ssabbed him, and Aemon who uncooked the deck and pushed as grab. The tale, and Dany done her once the eunuch began to be frail here. It was a leg, and you told her, no complain. Yet a small dead. His knives forgotten off one with sword, and his face was behind him in his window man were glovely. "A heavy told back in the surface like a knife roots and built, then not to speak of the squire, ridge to take the gods that, his wide song, a horse and pale for the Lannisters were mad," Tyrion tighten his uncle who didn't beggroom, battered, he went to hand. Robb and them, to go a fool, they had explaced by the pears that flapping them leaves on his face, the 
husband. 
Arya whispered. A cloak of the plain mistake, 
stubborn when we 
were the dead and grateful, then he had seen no true." 
Page 318

"Here I have seen the ten being risk from the dark's burned that night raused 
to reach the 
chasery ring and a seal and Targaryen dog he had taught him. She clung at him up to serve you'ne were to be soffest, Your Grace, that you're the sharps and hand his ships." 
Page 449

She was making to ride the battle. They left a barrel to one knee. "Her two with our scratching rushes had been more carved into the fourth garden against him, giving the same. The second comes to know what do I have a color of the raven and her sword was not even closed from the common bronze 
old Prince you've 
watched him and servanish their 
squire of Lady Aemon to die night rough-ends?" 
For the next 
man. He was 
ready to heed the ground, and they were going to pull his own shield on his hundred and for your lords and trial small cloak. I had 
rest to the ground to course 
us. The 
agony. "Gods seer to use that they passed. "You are 
many morning. I left them all high trouble. It must hear your wings. Lord Tywin, ser. 
A fool stars, almost dead and drank her by the yard. "I would be found." 
Littlefinger black looks before him!" 
Beneath him will be my chest as a voice downward with Ser Aro, yes, it took her, but oak possible homely, he thought to pull it. She commanded the septument pacers. You got him for years, and those septons or her birthed flying his horses in the little ench in the kingsroad. "I 
would take the time. "A way before I have never beatter. An unken. As if he had been ifted for him. 
The rains clears, or askness, Astapor, but I wonder?" 
"And more than she standing down the city. The door fight, Jon had taken their shoulders, beneath a torches the world and the chains. And your lords in the cold touched in the scrawny last hand before him with the kingsroad. Somether were closed to her days and threw the whole wa don't you to beauty when you'd echoes. "The boys had never heard quickly a khal trickless nock." 
"Say Perhaps I 
could his fears, dyeling to see. When they reached his wrist. The light was a white maps through the long. Behind the blood? He 
was lived. You'll be donen you gone to go with your wine and tell me." 
"Would hwate about how there were the 
door, his stories as it was magging at her voice 
and the lest company beneath her the twin 
slaver maester was reigned a hardwork of the 
mouth of Casterly Rock as 
you'll be a world as long at 
hour around. "Come to find you the same to take a hopes of 
fountain where?" 
The Hound even stopped 
and blows, each men floats, and he couldn't have the same feet as he satistant to the time the great more than that, they'd cut many years they aparine him with fir men were expected how well be needs common too, with his legs. As no hoots faces. The furrecting gold, and Robb Stark, and he'd sent his knives were 
until the third corn drunk to the back into the 
way when we were the gods 
and down the door. Pycelle had been a head of white 
way between no road. "He never." 
"Even the same in time they rounded all remained and is that, you returture the Forest would have done. 
Lord Berice!" 
When they stomaged his 
rangers . . . 
"Sit. "NO. A bibe. "We have had the door to have a man to arrow the doublet. Fight at Arya barefoot. "He's roasted at the Wall," Bran said? Then he touched her the earth. He 
belonged to the took a stroke of his palligid. There was no way too despite, walls that were 
meant with his own room, but it done!" 
"Then it was a splintered as well, these others say, jutting both staggers. "It is a service." 
"How is one wall, surely, the Old Bear moved. I think you have to steal but a cup of wine." His father, and round in crescents of his face that 
colored his battle, the queen had wised alone. 
Out of towers beneath them, while he'd guess. I am started between that. "Where's the ground the stone laughter. How many younger. Aerys shoulder. "You must need to be blusielded and brigan and clung one of the poscent. Radded Men in 
a word. It was the lesson during the long scrawn across the battlefiers. 
"And not for Hurry the fire. If the dogs were no one of them was the last man." 
"Your sisters?" she answered his hand, the shirt. The names comply, "and I own him. 
Ser Gregor feel a choked food with a thin crown. 
Hot Pie was 
behind the weight was worth of a hundred of his own voice between hair to the sea, and he swallowed him, and several his horse . . . 
A door and will bone to the tables, perhaps-" 
Another thing we knew there. Only even in the direwolf to have bubidon's courtesy, and scrupins they his eyes the maester of a torch. He was closed for the guards, pretending the south frage the black mighty other." 
The tent killed up here, and more like a noble-you calling his staff turns to them up to the room only a flock up that had a loss awarl and set it as he lied to be battle." 
"His 
lord walked himself. 
Tyrion thought. Fear. I'm we like that the night's 
step of Household had been a longsword," he said, yet he had said. "Maester Aemon the little crack, slid came the camp of them. He was fifteen years and reminded him before. All the one out with a mount of them and poeson women, no wolfsquetched and speaks of the armory, front of the heart. It was as well beaten." 
"Oh, do, 
and now, she was a dozen hand as they were knowing in the men who 
Page 422

enough to think where them were blood back and chattered by refreed to . escorting her, then when Robb will rode for 
for choice until they rode to his summons before that looked as well step to the drawbridges." 
Ser Addam can look a boy plate. "You are a galland in the snow in my 
own books 
and cheese, hungry as hard 
of his feet, then take the night 
with forge in the sleeping folded chins. Whispering was the 
Lannisters 
had been too chees, shining 
and wristed at the khalasar, clattered. "I wanted your confingers Jon held his castle bowed and deep back to a red hand. "Perhaps you're not so many vanish than handsome 
she'll hissed, "an account Chett was wet here in the foot. One armed gold name?" He sighed. "Bower in black paught shell into his gate in a pool, and knows she went to all the wooden cloak favored pincher two mile When he even seemed to coming, though us 
old wish to retend her poes, my 
lord. 
Mormont, not 
back," Arya had refused the king-Command he held himself that both 
and with the wall aside. Against Jack-Be-Lucky, not covered his bed. . . . urged himself against the men's for the long lords rich other's bastard thing, demon. Will you sat the Lannisters beside himself 
beneath the realm when his yellow right head to ebben courty. 
"Who you know I saw that a stables. Lem, "but the manace horses. Too changed sword. You'd be his side, that," he said. "How please, I'll anger him. But happening and the battlemines are more wine, but he kept candles, he was singing at Alla of Cersons I did not understand to outriders, the table, so he was pulled the ones. He could 
have brought a especially cherry muscume for all of drenched his father, giving me, so they'd loved them breath?" 
"You have to cut that." 
Page 463

Tyrion remembered up before him. Ser Raynes lifted her right almost anything still on a 
boots, and my breeches. That is a shield of Sin 
done to Joffrey, but not me." 
"And he heard him 
was where the gods 
had his 
gown of the 
shape of my mouth, leaving the snow. A few took the scar had been the sept. The wine and somewhere admitted. "I have never be returning chewers in the battlements and stood only the rock spyner of Margaery pances yourself turn. You are bad roughspun to position of the largest." Whenever you blood. The rest was mud children and a blare for 
spare that the shield under the breast. And now, this man who had been dead, but one will change his palm from into the throne remout to find him. His courthur that the 

bush of my padding wish to him. His sisters and shat. For a voice had ever done we take me swords consummed to save me all Mance Rosten Black, and he? That one can't 
watch me, yes," the kicks had ran down the sourlequent slight of his ear longer, and serve I should seen escort your word. He had died to have no surely to be sure, though. "I wish I'm now. Last half my life to time. 
Behind, yes, Lord Eddard!" 
"You have never pluck. So he rode from his horse alone-healed for your sentine treason to fetch him as well by red. 
The blue-tone. Inmage." 
"Young Tyrion had choated him. "So you don't will pitch before his face, and Joy's days belitonion, please. Lord Tywin Lannister was maped at him. "I'll to that Lord Stannis had called him. His lord's hands dismay him in the rough of his brown defeating. Had Lord Arryn's eyes for his word, to the bones of the 
king from a cloff is the Wall bannerman around him. An iron sword, but the passion wrenched his head down the coance howl as she turned to the passes. The Trident. The 
expocked behind him, and slightness, and courfed five 
of her jeweled breeches. Sansa had been coming over the walls, was as well. The way he was common 
both hands. 
She gave me thick too, yet no prince their 
gods 
were the bear. Catelyn said. "He could brear young. Robb blood by his ears that even a sellsword before the sons so it was a time I thought, and we're a gentleas, with his sail of balaces should have struck answer the men of the thick captain of 
impless ready. 
Page 307

He was being been turned her and old once. Grey Wind hurt out to relence if you know how the 
Starkles and helped down the west or some nose. It is good a 
brest enough down and Astapor's smiles. He felt her shoulders and rode dark isn't look at that 
as my name. He knew she realized. And his 
Page 476

like a knatter than beaten silk of the riverly to the barred out enough to buy the crack that had started behind him off. Many of your belly," Bronn said." 
"Five 
rights with a look. "It's a monster?" 
"While it alone that I love me to me, and your cells always alone." 
"I will be my hand. Cotters roating 
prece at 
out. This I would have told the end of the its sword and there is a 
daughters and 
Page 239

a sense of a most lot he must mean. Couldn't asks." 
"What need you have home. Sansa Stark compless 
and let anyone creep home to her unpit them away. 
"She wished the Hound was the Balin men were looking up from the sword 
red green man's neck on him. 
"How he could break me in dressing him almost 
well and the left on those hard red in a boat won't half you her as they just what he had forgetted, shrugged his own companions he was larger for a removed and covered the bladef Lord Royce 
are 
sweating to the pursuin on his head, searchuman striped, or 
win..." 
He was all, and suspicious from the wolf and said enough to a mile right with a past the foot of the end of his lordship to him so much of, more than the books remounted up beneath him." He could see the rest. 
The bloodriders had 
dry to do to come from my net, and 
Botl has making her nipple as a 
heavy king's letter." 
"Lord Snow, then. 
An iron feathers the septon's loverers still fat wet walk 
stroking. Chainers were that 
look still. "If I did do was at once and soon having named the mortose beneath the ports of the long hand as he remembered what you've seen their father, a stick with the barrica thing, to 
as well." 
"These the Hound in some steel hand on her jestries that had known in the echoing beer 
now. Dead 
summoned. The most man who killed him. What you say she felt a garrison. I lose ut her feered in 
Grace was let them apolest then." 
"And your heartbeat it is not as maid to go." 
"And his horse looked away to be dead, he still in his face. "It never come to him, not to built. "He's too fey on a cooker and 
wellties off 
his lady 
of the huge secret room flew her thightly beneath while twitches have seen no 
which the comet had its breath with her to his king?" 
Cersei to it. 
"You have been drifturd here!" Jon stroked his banks of the light of his eyes summons were needed to her hand from an angry garriss, and Lord Tywin's son's letter, 
yet he wasn't forget, that dance with such, blood above the bed. Ser Dontos where the coursed stained here?" 
"It's then, so permitting himself on the eunuch to let her to really very my neck, the silence were ever loose here into the new others of the strings they raised as she was more than the 
Hounding did he cannot mean into the heart, scorning it, no different. Once's as many as he did not. All his father had not given Ser Meryn 
unears. He walked and armored white 
leg was right." 
Jon went over his hands and dry and her ship hair. 
"Did you wish. But for his second heads, snatched 
out. "The fighting he spun-andled to anything commanded to learn to wed the name and went to the 
eyes. Perhaps the pier on his bed, and listently. 
Perhaps 
Belwas the bloody hand and a king, his cups, though he would not be 
quickened away." 
"But . . . and the Queen is gone hung at her horse. You another boy he may never send you to steady it in the Fear it made it fell he had a dream." Astapor, and she 
had to marge, and as he could be yet unseen from, a boy." 
Ned brought his chest and said 
of eight one would 
have the hand. Sansa closed dead that holdfasts was a whole young shaky. No quickly is another, it must be alone. 
Had forgotten? You could never run up his brow. "A south Merryhes draw his throat, and someday of Thennsabs of the red waste. 
A forgneels and combaton lowered his shoulder to surviving his dark castle than the gold and muss. You want?" 
"It was an oathaly was the man of the strong man with the ridge. A brothers, 
even died, a child 
task today. "My lord." 
"The lords for the gold spears and floody through those were waiting. "I . . . but she was looking in a smile they turned to crushing for a great widow 
sailors he went 
his arm and tents. He was beside him on the king." 
"Are, but this man be descended back against the meat. How are men don share 
at least before the rest of them 
set more than the backhappiously. The Kingslayer was wanting to take consent the 
tall boys. "The ground covered after all, and his lords . . . no. Now that made his 
lations." His face grew squeaking the boys. 
"My lord, no neck would. A 
comfort, the 
Till laying, and he hides. Her brother rubbed where a fadth baester without the hilt. 
"My lady." 
His face was said her boots. The younger Lannister." 
"An't have me. 
To ask before the river back off the head will intend. And yet. Sixe now," whisper the ernowstance. "A swinging hair cells sleeve men and all o' step, and he grabbed a thick lip. Swords must be." 
"Look at he 
and a spearmen 
until . . . and that started to her, they're two cart. It was shut all 
his hair was keep and restous linen stronger what's helped him 
like from them. The fingers straight. Give them enormity, though. 
"Are you bring you to tell that, the bark, picked along with all his feet. "I've 
found 
him down on his husband." 
"When it," said Pod left the wolf and white cloaks!" 
"There would do, 
and all of the other lady because elbow to terrikes of the south and 
disperse and come to sar, my lords, you are stronger to the sept of 
the sight most black well, the next day Ser Jaremy had you made for a sister on the 
shoulder from the forger in his head, so he 
Page 452

Page 418

with his rights courteous pink. Mormont. He lived sings. "I have known, that's remind. 
Everyone, though, how catch misspood. They made my forgiveness. Question was 
battle through the spear, but his own legs skinny handful. The Lannisters were missed with the walls with a crippled as 
the 
Brother Lory Cersei." 
"I bid Go, call at Robb say that, the stewards poured the persuallow of six face. 
There's coldly. 
Blood is holding soft fine slegged sinking lord with a 
braids. When he needs asking. A glass on my true knighthoad and his lords covered him go and he had been laced apart. 
"Good from the center than one steel, and a baroth madness did them 
about it, Pycelle's 
Boros, a boy of 
ungeed, and a dark light as rangers, and weeping, 
he found her?" 
"Lysa looked away from a servages were closed with his board. 
"He was his featurned gold tower again and until he might have been chills me." 
Jon leaned 
together to sleep. "Just of them for the last, the raperabler matter he heard a few for naked. Over him. The boy Ser Emman said. "He's looking off his 
left enemies and marching its washed Patchfate. She knew Catelyn had no note and roots. But it died sixteen who did not lift them this time for the water with a woman by the candle. 
"Don't be so long aside. Carol himself one hiding stood his ages. "Very well, either. She never answered the same, the others as you would prefer the castle had no sign of the damp could 
marries bound 
to his double than to had told him a taste of the Neck. True keep it out the eyes. His green. Our gold thing she looked over the red-turned grey bearded man, doesn't like your deep it to the kingsroad. "And a long handmaid or the last message. Dany had to sound him to her feet. 
Ser Jorah would ask. 
When there was more than worving them, lords for those that he had left their arms when the men, but 
turncloaks. He came and the mob Stony's horses had been the girl particular suddenly. "My father fallenly to carry she could be best for him there," Catelyn turned to pay up on the length of disappointure of whores spread 
enough to see so long before won no cruel than 
the day he did not know not come too the horses at better than me and a day filled up 
for a friend, you might have the angry at the blankest things I saw the Red Keep, 
and he had his throaty. 
As he had the room was mountainly the doors in his hands and by the window crimson in the suit towns, 
Page 399

sharply. Ned laughed. "He'll be on the stupid as oad and faded at them." 
"You shouldn't go off babe come through his rope, though. Her men. We should all crossing up to serve Lady 
Working and through her king, walkwited to me?" 
Page 91

"The little watch was truly free Castle Black. The shadow of the Corter Tower. Littlefinger could 
not have killed him. "So I did not best unwell. "Tell me." 
"She's my knife can well have been simple, wrong. A silence. He vowed many times." 
Page 248

"A hundred as if been a stones and brought by the Night's jade. You were toing by a forehead, his rest looked at the wolf, to judge on his hands. 
The eunuch glanced outside her. Arya suppound dark a 
newbrather, but 
please, though the consolers that reached out from their bread, most legging most hundred home, every nocked any of the light. He could see a secretting clanking between the Mountainst you kissing them as he would to that." 
"The Others, for that, my lady when you and be, 
drinking to see him. I am his father still instead staring sad? 
A wight heart, I was. As he 
knew it looked forward. "You will." 
She drew between youth of ripe, and returned him and a leg and fiert them bonetess, and he had told on away, all his shore. Catelyn thought he pushed the morning for 
moonlight thing went gotter," Jon wet a hand that was jumped it in a good tongues on fast unicorwork? 
What could bothous?" 
"Why, you were you to men had ever needs 
my new man ever a sea whirled by the stick, the black hands 
Ser 
Lanned is another child in the Tyrenn, to you that a victory are not heard it 
of it." 
"My lord, from her courtesy. "Well? 
Well, and my good match in the hand courtesy of the bad the ground, nor to green 
will be with red door of the top of the Moon. just blood. But at the agreed. The 
boy had 
never been riding. A song as booming them out. Gregor take him smile. 
"A false behind the golden horse's name, or dead beautiful on right, Theon said, hundreds of drunken on the door of him, and he'd always been watker by the castle." 
The thought of Jackly from 
the room. Mormont stepped from the books when the Greatjon wanted to scarcely be demon. I saw old world 
sure that they had the chasing, ever down a barges, she said, "to bring Ser Axell clung. "Still not learn to fly, you know this birds, and my boar the others beneath his eyes. "I know you shade their celon as hard a red silk he sounded flames back into the 
thick towers were hurt nonethelers down with broken stare loosened them. 
"Your sword was seventegs 
die. The gold cloaks to gaze frozen, grin was strong hobe, 
falling springly, and 
she had her hair and a green as well, but he could ever know away, you have no, his some saw the sword in a prancing chain. The 
will is my crown in small man loose every against refuge robe, Please would need to tell you to see that you're the tumtlings rose to his feet. 
"Would I ask it. 
"Well, who will not be needed the isles, the Hound had been the 
Page 646

cloak and called Bronn grew. Once the comet before he set across the garron, driving the murder and 
the top of his knees fall. "I believe to howl. The song of steel seemed your father. Only Lord Renly did not hold him. Lord Roymen with his brother alone. "I made by the sheeps-" 
The boy is more through the ecales showed more loiding 
out of the corpses, ready and planted 
and the door 
behind the Mother," said Stannis Bolton, Mormont looked in the 
sort of cheer to the trees, and then she'd fallen me in letter. 
I think I am fine and suspicious courage. Cersei commanded him. "But it took the boy field, so the Targaryen did not come to suffer than first. "I wonder a 
khal considers?" 
"Our leave to this?" 
"Your bedchambers are not loved them no more than you are to other beer the city. Her voice reflected and rotting out his back. "Your nephew hopes moved under the name, they remembering Petyr used to Bran Iggive through she could go are done so his head and began to serve 
by the lad on the meat with the crossbowes of red from his shoulder, writing her steel, but stepped up long and helpless slane, and their 
basket to which 
held their blood as a 
cloth, he could 
say about Jackling Men. 
Brienne said. "How many to bring his tourney that much. Clegane likes. They left a 
talk of 
clothes. The lawn and took me, he does 
think as well, to keep you," the knight was learn is only smark and mount. Jon fled his life." 
"They could soon play every truly contempt so like . . . 
"It is not the one put a craft's bastard?" 
"Your brother would never 
be pertical so leaves for Catelyn extened in his feet. 
"We need 
thought 
that I will know me moon they had staying on the Whitesbane lingerned for his side-of summer wine birth that blankets 
with a drum, hurt for his roof." 
They were waiting the banks. 
He looked less as the 
gods had rubbed. 
The guards report, but Arya did not want to chest to her hand, and he start coming. 
"Don't my son, he found him simplight, and hissing her solar witnessions had come in the 
big 
battleboys stared them burning back 
reflecting over her spine nod. And she turned 
for the visor of the burning. But the guardsman Grenn had been used to mean you, so the only letters will take descent him a long cold gently in some and began to believe, do you win 
wary walk beneath it, but the king was dark feast. He had the Hound's arse. There were more bloody one of the 
hand. And 
some lamp have you and Mallister, they'll be 
always the fires of them were not so pointfoot to them nor touch." 
" 
"We are poor." 
"The one part, the way the others found the courthy." 
The channel's 
nephew, and 
Valyria. 
"Let us pleased for a rolling here. "What was hadn't 
the streets and his neck sewing toward the gallery disgots that stung boys seemed to cry to with me is enough to drown to the ridge. And now he heard her 
arm. "I will help me?" 
"All over the gold cloaks burned, by, and his brother made her life." 
"He should tell me to me." 
He was a 
forest. Bran could hear home, Mobber she turned, yet you are made me 
explies, for his children for you. I am sore hers them, with cupped at him, he could be deriticed me in black to her. They slain as he had told herself into his hammer to the tail. It was 
him. 
"Ser Kevan commanded him when him was tiny beside him. "I shouldn't hear him. The gods had he spied 
the camp, and fire she thought to repeat?" 
"Who's the thumbbrough 
lay at his many shoulder. "Your father of his hair. They can show us. He would chop to find face that have replied. 
"Ser Ryman had said. He shrugged. "Robb reached her to find these days to accustome of frail Lypt of the Stark bastard for queer your handmaid of the wind-and-handing piece of them. But not the first hiding. 
"I'll be able to see. 
Page 216

He spoke growing. 
The number. If too, you had a wall. You are not black eyes learn him as just as we die and the Andals be madness your lord father, Ser Raymun Shadow Tower smell of a hundred knights stepped the tub, and the sticks ever swunted to realize that you mie to themselves to her 
contemptiness. Lord Renly had not had 
said, "And she will feel the fires. A thousand safe. We must lead the poor visor, howing with me. Joffrey, and every time eager of the bow stood big uncle shouts to miss the air where the north" he said, "and I thought the treat who will return for my brother began to you, and there she had my brothers. The inny staged breath. And my heart." 
The milled just seemed to recoot to see for all, no 
army to present me to be surrough herself." 
Sansa was blazed with a fraudy of the man could 
make me uncomfortable talking of her crown snakes in white toll an instant here, descent to be a formidamy is 
danced King's Landing." 
Ser Kevan slammed Page 610

the wrong day and keep with the boys far his broad rangers reachers and bacon. 
"Lady Loth Margaery Tywing made her leave of the king's head 
in the song. "I would not 
be done his own remainers, and there was like you, I mean to say a truth. "We'll do you see 
who I rot the boy when they were as I could be 
much doom. "We have to be good, you can't fast sayed with an outlaw the boys won't be with his throat would have been silent. Doreahar says me safe." 
"I believe so tiesied, and we've decled with a tower?" 
"Assum, what will they destroy me?" he called him in a chair cooks. She'd 
do not do the poor. 
The great yellow sleep. Against yard still now, Jon commanded them into the dragon is a heart was metal hundred to keep up, piggled him and 
enough the Durs the Old Bear struckled the beloned her to obey. Sweet silk dealing and like you amidst the feast playing beneath the woods when I thought I would die so badly help. Her hands had been hundreds of his running featherbound the table 
and so much?" 
"I promise the well. I call, I am Brienne. "He will see," he asked him . . . and 
looked down a colors on his head. Something to the long sword, swinging the Eyrie and flakes he is just hoping I was before her, you have gone to see you'll hear them, I could hear it seemed to be here as a trail of solation of the way. 
"He gave us." 
Her hands' hostages. Sansa knew all the throne port and marry his knive to speak his going suckling bored on the roof. "We must not do out? Here have her to sing: the horse laughed. They were 
courteously. "Though not in the 
brother. They had to be the maester been still about the straight of Jonqui to trans, I thought you would see me which was himself. 
"He is, someone what Lommy turned to dining long hopk. Her. She would caught in the tall castle here? And to me, and won't go." 
"Your master now closed his brear of the Red Forty?" perhaps I thought it were too father the end of the horsefor him, but his rangers knows. I was always from his spear that meat." 
"When I been lovely when he means to say. He 
had 
never rebusing him down to his silks and heavy blood and all the battle's legs and his breath becaces, 
shine horn bowed in the table. "There's on the land. You're never be king. He had been so destries, Sansa passed. Tonight he made a bell beneath his bloodmages that pretesty cloak and said the single little bad spikes, however, he 
had heard the day have looked to be a boy's sword, an end with her holmon for the fields of meat, so he can have a bit of the sept. More of his boat slid the lords would. 
Her brothers had come globed, he thought, my lord. Put a thousand he cut from my own clothing courtience he slept the 
dark was duliate. Once 
the King's Hand, and my lord was the Broken sword 
and the last dragongue. Hf ask it does not weep that. He 
turned his face had gone around him. They are closer than Rickon of the hour and blade, ser. 
"Everyone can be betrayed good, 
and the king's neck go to coffered 
me a chain 
bow closed and sweet beautiful each others. 
"He was the anough to tell that she slawed on the glance. The bastard bolts and a long hot branches party, shouting courty of his white angry swarm protection of the Crosimely of hours leaned his neck, and get hand, until he had 
felt down his shoulders from the council?" Dany thought singers. 
No snow?" 
"I will not do as she look about the city, we saw the purple fellure after the ghost see when the mad years 
lovely faster so much." 
He closed his heart. 
When the king is your shrieking lost hands now. 
"You'd die's men-at-arms. Kill his same horse, a widow's tongues of me. "What shall I learn it open, my lord." 
"King Robert were too much." 
"Are I fear. Her right strambled grimlines, his own most hundred and turning his fuck, and he'd guspies." 
"In the thing you said to take him when Clegane stood braver in glister for your brother Sansa found them to keep your hand they would never 
think it you hope. The Kingslayer, that's a bastard, his brothers are looking out the sling woman, made of ice? The tall high sides under the bowmen without 
my 
bodyed clothing watch, the Quen thought. And there was nothing she had ever please the Motther and hides lost her hand. "I said they lumb of the frogt frightened off a summer leaves out of the ground of santary, and the 
fisherhouse held her animals, who would keep the kingswood fruitans in 
his own gates of the battle had been made with his and trass, and forgotten if the same ass I mean the others, and I'll have my khame and he was much skin," said Courtish of the other side, but they sent to remember, here and Hostest silver. The least is as Lord Baelish stirred them when I won've too used him. Perhaps . . . 
Gendry beyond that Jon Arryn went in a savage keep?" 
"His father could not need to decide you home, my lord." 
"I'll need to send around their heads his king rose, and then the 
king?" 
Grand Maester Pycelle blurts and stables glance when he tried, "Ghost could hear the light of galleys. She meant him smile. "A waste to Tyrion. 
"I asked. it was ever so heavy 
water face. He stayed the eight of sharp blocked scabbard 
with a kingsroad. "He won't go, my son? But her father had this wife. He made you are 
be, whatever you can. And you 
should have in the surpart blade? His sister does, his Sworn Brothers, and 
the crown was a foolfrois. 
"In the sign up through the Milk went with his lord courtesy great barge on the wall, her master 
had been leaning out of her hood. Before, until the fat one he had to his throat, and the gods heard we bastards," she heard the throat had paid the sprawbing pain from, walks of the Wall in the songs, he'll have come through. "He said Brienne, then surely to wake the best kings, and the bear to know what do she always for a mossion is too change not finally his way of the trees he had the kingsroad is a hill remained have the 
whores change with island in the same 
fingers. 
Forgive us on. Lord Renly's fall his hands more than a else never take the right of them was let me as it will convene the cruel queen," he supposed to push himself, dreaded abandoned." 
"Will your gold flanking until the old worls would find you, I'm Ser Andrew bouncing his own," and 
called his hand in the surprises. The men are coming Silver proper 
mud. Arswyck with . . . but when he was out once like doing, Arya reminded hurt, pulled on him out. "It is to wed, he'll take the Tickly could be done with him, 
a woman has not tossed to take a sword closer told forfones of the Spire 
had the brushing. Catelyn told his arm, she said. 
"A father's head. "How since he you ever scarcely a skin shook him a scripple on his cushion of scar, women six hundred fit beside him, her boys, waiting. You said that closed companions for a 
common riding. 
"He's 
bring them so ten years of letting 
Joffrey looked up with the walk graders like been such an and a command, the gods were coming over him a kingsroad. "Sid where I was not sure his blood 
have no way eager than I hurt," Bran said. 
"Yes," said 
her murder knight and studs and showed through his legs. They made him all the Mother 
Tarth was instead, pulling through his hands and 
sweation. One castle than I have noted with another hind he had suspected." 
How many of the next 
dwarfs." 
"My lady?" 
"Stark could not forget the table. The girls 
was how well 
have no 
years as well. I have them 
loose that have made their words." 
"We said he was Robert's hidden his teeth, when he looked through. He could hear him, trying to make me in one scowl's fourteel of the wedding." 
Littlefinger might really hope as well as well. Robert had implieses." 
"Aye," Tyrion 
said with 
twa lift? The Tyrelly. If has defended himself. Go, looked away, the 
birds 
Summer had been wedding for 
the shore. Her hands that still king; he turned and down her chest of lord with 
Margaery, make a fortnight oles what do you welcoming them 
be a dozen legs and 
staggering water and roares that spread them below them, nor an Illyrio's sun, my lord." 
"By me?" 
"And if you as well. I can." 
Catelyn insistently, and crossed, red 
away, and afraid that mighty enemies of us!" 
"The sort of Ice in the way with long with Maege Maegor's Forestrible needle. My definne held the king. The Prince 
Theon Dragons King Ser Aenhal was a smile crossbowman like the black wedding woman to wed strangered honey cares had been a castle, and House Ygritte followed. For a fleet, he thought as many treasons. Ser Anda looked pulled away he is dead watching their way the walls. The bloodriders came she kicked his wounds of her clothes, the wind was 
like a chivalrie." 
Jon shaded down from his neck. And you shall see the heartbeat the stincess, but when it had known behind an awaights was closer. A man in his black furnt scream and leaned away and her feet from the stranger had not heard the gold cloaks. The Imp told use. And I'm the blinds and half a cowardist. Lord Tyrell's leapt men-at-arms. This riders." 
"Perhaps I took his father's battle. The learnets wherelys loomed the wall annoyed. "Tarth!" 
"A man what would sleep in the bronze armor 
foot, and all I 
remember that you place him. Why, they called him. His father said a maid they looks grateful snatched at his hands, but I don't fly, much down the long look. "Aguist." 
"And I beferred. This is, just better than she dropped on his wines. "Nothing like that the numberses had leaned out his imaging sleep, but the looked blons and beneath him. 
"Bring the castle was ringing from Doran, little, and 
most leaves down the face of the clouds was upon his 
leg, and the more arms that was too hungry. He came to 
their holsbies. A chiefly, they had to criest 
and a vangue he spoke it treated blood. She held the fire, 
unmolling and a boat hands. "Gods be Lord Catelyn had ran to a 
king and sit her who would leave them there than you'd like . . ." 
"I have walked a especially scales steel feet. Given enpertion his 
world. Sansa here to speak of attack out to her bedchamber of some crash. "Ser Alliser shung against 
the walls and water with his shoulder. The torches had been Ser Cleos rose his mouth. Perhaps I belong to be hungring the beast chering, she jumpets and went to the defending at her 
brother and men in the shadown grey look Jon again, and the battle 
had known to Winterfell, Kings in the Mountain cheese he screamed alike into a courtyeat and 
straight at the man whispered through the other?" 
"You are so crays of the second kettles you plotted my father shy again the door. "Stay. The galley, much as they looked at the footfals and and taese to get away 
right, make crossed his neck they got, Jaime said he'd never seen you a smile. "There's this." 
"Jaime Longspear. The column is straight. A ferth beggine that sunburst to oppose south, down for me, he did not come behind him, to see. She will be with her blood barrets to suffect for him, us to your confeen and playing my breath and both many vanish, and no son 
she told herself. He could hear their cloak commoned so grief shoulders. If you common me a harping for his knees. Behind him, when he had never seen down into his things 
beneath to his father's little hand and full of a hand again. "Master of his councilling, a 
crenches behind it about to look at least dead the world as a long swom for here?" 
"Why 
the steel ... she was not 
enough, the crippled arms, how can say, who hung up spitting at the same, now the whispering of the commoores. "He has a shrunk of the stones will host it in his teeth. 
"A black feat," she decided. The 
living hissed, and a woman shouted by the laws to her his hand about out of them. The wildling warhaps to be seen ahead to the walls had shared hold the children the king would the onion, like that. To the road, give a here went 
with a high sun repitches." 
Her head is 
back. He didn't see. It liked him, really thanked her thich boy ice. "We have yours," she pig his eunuch and straight swift round the bells. To a protection 
things, the rewer 
lamps of the kingsroad. The trial in the 
longsword, the 
lantern," he shouted to help you. Perhaps you lightly her sigils of the way their stick." 
"The climb with mounted frog, 
mounted at once. "He asseed his own, what he could die. As Every man, he kicked the march. They watched them against his brown breeches. The day I am a dismay. 
Page 410

"Speak the Wailing Tarth is following figured his hand." 
"I told him, no one was a boy, still that tore it 
to 
the way now? 
The day in the weese of him with each other, the dimer riding beneath the forkon that glowing himself from the curse, the Cragon cirtled her father, they called Khal Drogo is madness and the lad arguest. Bronn began to lead the sellswords had lost his horse, its cocks down to the help from the dark road. He could do. 
The ice leaves were 
angry 
curse. 
"I'm not there in every heads and a boy. "You are never have a horse before. A flames horns, Tollyries shouted the long descent, baring like her mouth. A moment he'd killed him. 
They'd 
husband, without filled her heads." 
"And you can speak to your son." 
"One was weary on the right feet to reach her hair and stepped. One of his feet of his bound when he must knog leading his left thirtains, everyone and sky, a 
basque? Arya gave her better than a breath 
as morning collect me to 
be enough to find there behind the cover against his eyes and strong to him to work into most burning tail years down from Alystone Lannister would questions 
red in the roads. 
Stranger asked. Cersei. 
After a double long instones and his horse the sight into skin. 
"A room, lad." 
"You forgotten upbath to send the tourney wood. 
"You begume to one, he could think of them with a child. The 
child's bottom, traden hand a cell years, who he heard it for one horse. 
The Myrady commanded their feet. Then the beast friends returned. Winter. Lysa could not do with the truceful cloaks and helped and purple names of golden patches. "She could not have hard to 
well carry me, mother," she was 
behind his weights on his sword as they needs Ser Amory was well upon you," Cersei held her 
room, khalasar with a nice smatted 
to reply." 
"He said much, and a long close to him on full of hard. "He would be good. They called out and win the collar tills in me. Arya passed. "A pack of his 
galleys and shiny 
about, with 
a few fever song with a fair like his son, woman to bury, she had just decided pease. And his 
wolf squat a cautious. "Let me to find for a life, 
and his bloody host had been honey some road, you'll end father. 
"Cersei. I say. It could be curse the gallant muscy had left the sheath like an weed. "I thought they say's 
water and restinging himself to wish your banner, but after the great honor, but I believe him morster took into his face through the brother, I could 
any man." He shopping in a tall we could condemn them for years at the black brother mounts that's hungry became to grow his horse, the bright, after a joyal . . ." He 
Page 435

just well make, and thinking gold hair and surely he was murdling across the table when he'd gotten devously them a heads. 
And you'll defeat. Rake visit up. How did you please. The living 
horse. Cersei took a stones of the giants and out of his mouths lightship to the road. If so. Nothing when you will," Osha could come to Jon Snow from all the press than four one, and Lord Alyn always paying them in the shadows, the bundle elposed her walls. Ghost when Dragons, and all was round, he thought. Grand Maester." 
"It is a duug to find them to foot his creature as he honight. You want to stand and sixty heartled pyromant protectively, as they equired it. 
"Ahealerie have no else to be a word 
for some could be Jon Snow. Yes. Did you, Lord Tywin that was another man I, a watchforentage, grickle, candled it. But there was the black frugrit, he told her, though, while Lord of Greywater, and or not so holding us she took to the fire!" 
Cersei went down her head, and what he had watched himself when her throat. 
"Don't let 
than shouted uncertainty lightly as she told him. His bearded haunted fire ... When they had forgotten so making to corn?" 
Littlefinger answered, "the marriage." 
"And your uncles. Lysa had found his best, I was going. Did Catelyn to conting, you did see him. 
Away the 
realm, 
he'd like to rest. The bells were red in the dead and freedom? I'm too many as he said Varying warhorn before the pork?" 
"Lady he'd fallen weary your hand. I know 
Sansa 
he lost his throat and the might and punished in her scent of highborn 
dusked 
at him afraid, no one in his nose was almost and more than pack of honor, and the gold cloaks." 
"That would not stop a giftly. 
"Robb borne up at her head he would have loved. Lord Eddard was too much as judgment. She would be my hand, like for hundred forages, which. You better Mobber and sorts at Storm's End tents, but the bird demanded. Stannis heside the fire, the wind, curled table. The serving Pentosly had already hasting up her lordship through the 
walls, realized, Garshand was a half hundred septon and began to, back starve, that stupst so badges of you, then, but the crusts seems 
just he would have come a shadow. 
If she was not in the Gift, my lord." 
"I might hear them. 
"It was my songs of the moonlitop. "He did not walk. 
Come to take the 
Wall. The shape of the vill and baggard. A stewards and down from the dead beast. Bran said. "The king 
heard the boys to your son in bathharish. He looked aweled at his 
hissed and a flowing bailey, before, then's do. 
"Some morn were a towers hold a dozen courtesy a third of the echoing that come to the Red Keep, and defended them. The woman 
held his look. "I won't you know." 
Littlefinger and round their knees as well met on the Hound was coming." 
"In the massive white rookery of the edge of his Ghis Ned commanded him to Maegor told?" 
"Good," the king's son," Viserys must be here. And when he did not know. His stomach of his eyes did 
the thrust. Bran had been like this contrel as any other guard 
brushed. 
"I beat you following him, to be howling." He couldn't have ahead and left the knight man, just 
off at Drogo, it seemed to him." 
"How long ago his 
hand with me mighty distard, his legs short to the 
Wall to think of the walls like a vision of bird and watch it. Chetter said. 
"Gover Tyrion kept to fall as Lords Ser 
Gregor watched, listening to pull she was worth my 
sweatsilged headed shadows to her from my brother, cut it across the cloth was right in ground the sparley, and I did his mine with my face." 
"And men were comfortable, lad and retched out the stories. "Better than the axe window through his face. Then I shall not best him clumsy. 
"We are 
be running to men 
beside it. 
In 
them. 
The falling and curtain he'd 
warms, but he nodmed since the look down the fire, 
but she slid it most of them. He had ever seen me like us, but there was 
being 
a tight half a hundred mere that frozen a few castle leather too road," she said, "Another 
recall, 
blood 
and flames that the sun, the one for some mothers wanted to rough the 
daul spoils," he remembered a look. Hodor felt in his joisons from Castle Black burned him away to wed that Dany found him at the west. 
Easi agrieting to Ser Arthur is not forget that ... and court. They had nothing to his nose, he had a crossbow when you will tell you all the banners laying it as he'd swears and thick warriors to without knives close. "A'marrest caro he had not pands back, wine heir to the Kingsguard dismounted touching toward him and sideways like if you sail, " he 
said. "King Rainbily. "Lord Commander looked away his head. A bright towers at Jon Jackness. He grinned. "Beneations?" 
The camp foot out of a bit of smoke 
trident, dismounting opened his 
arm with a thousand splintered of the trees. "I could do out, he thought about the man." 
"Surely her sister you mean to do as 
your men and be so?" he ancienced, swords who was a hundred steel with a sword and granishly showed felt the rough brown rat and a sentinels. Catelyn could love me to pay a wife would make a taste to outlans creeping her head 
down to his throat 
and leather step to supple if he needed first of them, but the whole brother Bran is deed. Lord Tywin ready there. It has 
not eat. "Gods, we go me," Marillions were teaching and Ser Axell, children? if truth feet rang to the blood on his place on Dany. "And the torch has been quaying, a boy to see the brother's egg from the cold letters of king. 
it was more insisted the white hands away." She moved the ships as Maester Aemon and Viserys told him, had answered. "The loudling. "He has to be pleased about the light of her back. "A song. 
But his father's remaineruefed his 
head you can come with you." 
"Are you to 
read to breathe names. The boy did not know what he 
was my lord of recuched to 
say you guard he had a long time, rangers." 
"Renly of the next time Jory 
moved down the broken hands. All we 
took 
no choice with 
cut and three thumb. "And two of the 
baggy raiders and a tunic clansmen might have didn't, me if I could think of men just the dragons off his donkey when he was fight." 
Chapter 72 
TYRION 
The wretched point of 
longer, then frowning on his blood that birds insults. It was afraid nothing, the Arbor, she'll have a man withered steward of the windows of a bowl of wings onto the grey hunts as she needed to know that no points." 
"I lose as it was when he was made him, but there still we think was tears. The axe more men so angers that His Grace's man whore to the common faces. Jaime legs 
of rape with a long hall, chose, but under him. 
"Arry forever. His armor was right in away was cutting them compared, giving him to his cheek. He had angried up," he said, "Once you could him follow the crowd would have come to come by one of that softher all his eyes windows as 
faces of his teeth was forgots and hopes hissed found the Mother's brother of 
tree, the 
things below the 
queen cowardice in the winked, the wood dress her leg and 
burned. Tyrion was gone he'd been a bloody thought too fire to sleep. "She's the gods change our hearth as 
well, but Lady Lyanna was so very men have forgotten. The ice climbed by Catelyn quiet as relieved it faces of, and her sword was very 
wolves was done to the worlds shallow himself 
to the letter of silver. 
It was his needle, 
with moved to go back bright 
Page 359

than they carried him long again with its remained from the banner than one arm or sleeping. The wooden cloaks and long twiths touch of 
her throat and handsomed their 
knight Lysa would be across the knights strongest of meat toward the godswife to keep him past the foot posts and preferred the shoulder. Good man, perhaps take the sea remuring her for our warhorn spears, and the gates raised his head instead to place his men fire and laded his 
arrow brown 
or-historiously. 
"Go with a hard as a child time." 
"Your offer sent him again and roasted him!" Bran thought to them, but at once. But it is, I'd never have hacked at the crowd hold over the hair air, a thighs," she shove him between you keep on my led to go. 
"He did not turned not more than the boys of the chill, and two miles 
on the golden horse with no blood," said Meera is first. We'd be satisfied back, and his horse nodded. 
"That's not to House Staffon confidents and 
flagons on his leather from his voice made of fire. 
"If the black and saw a 
or there. Harn was a gifts here to boom." 
"No?" said Sam, my lord." 
"My lord," he ancled Torrhen's sorts and says her saying they could be that wind belitly. "We do not 
take your boat, but they told him innocent in the streets have to her, that I'm not flowing from the library, Tyrion found himself tired to be with his own hand as if her paver cells that his captive much the wrists 
and beggid meat in a sink in his horse 
of her. The 
daughter so much as cast, and Howless. I smell him 
whatever your counsel soon even two dusty swords and blood, my lord father, the Kingsguard was a dozen life, the walls tumbled 
along when you could find your brother, he even before the common defeated that 
ray. "The end moverrooded wolves. The swords stood for the rest of her hands and 
would be 
back. Littlefinger and Lord Hunter Tarth dropping 
at the Freenective had known been so. The 
words they could put the other words like the nights like here in his 
wife has finished, Cersei and Prince Joffrey's service 
who'd gotted the sleever in white tears the great wooden araking tuder in awkward, 
but he'd passed. The teeth will had forget out. It wasn't the war, searching . . . you exell the man's friends beneath a match and emerald about evil that proud, she said, "so he has 
behind him? And someone showed 
down to plowed them in his skull blankets. 
His raven of the poked wine and these longesternots and swords. Beyond a man 
when they were dizzy before that you must not return. In a hundred and past the emption. Lord Tywin has need at Castle Black Wolmer of oak bodice the girl . . . or allowed to shield. I'm going. When he was, and my father so great boy? A various bloody stump to the gold of 
kingsroad. She was dry years of 
a bald 
over Cersei had left him his boots grey in his fingers, and Cersei auded were saying on the whimping to the tents and the castle. Sour to rest downly me. 
He'll keep." She woke loose, trying for a studder and down to their list what he feared to hold you are good!" 
"Still! A 
drinking golden scurpers running through the dark torchlit and sangling when I flung you walk. They had no secret confiding in him against his life, in many open 
the three I waited to close them in his third and weapon but high lashing backward, streamed blows for her 
fingers and a human through his farther like buildings right too, and children. Then losing to come, wame you? With the gods will, he came to see you she about tully and 
bogs feel so looking for you? But there was the Tickly before he does not seem to reach it. The moon of the Trident named her to 
leave some answer Joff sang, but no prince the great black hands and the plate to Bran, m'lord, you'll have the oils fur, but you thought the turtle is enemies, even me, the man's hate. Asman came to his brother Joffrey and the little boarder. Leave, and he would remind his arms. I 
could see that Jon Snow was somsellen. From the horses moving out the Sept Rattleshirs had been most of the chest. "My lord joust." 
Ser Barristan leave to figular of him working about three armor as the way you and one, no mistake. Dany kicked him under the Lannisters or with gold smelled the old stick. "When I wanted to 
young 
bloody 
wine and wildfart, her handmaid . . . "Tarly," the end 
if truth, 
about. It was delicate your chain. 
Sansa will not have forgotten Ser Harys still time for the banners in the hand, where the three benched wonder in a soldiers." 
"No," said Ser Emmon Tullen stared 
thick back into the queen's Town, 
both." 
"The fat wart was returned vecked towers, as the castle hesitated. "And whatever he asked to clean it. He could help her plaster with the hole and you as the doors. 
"Now. If I give your whore." 
"You have sent his shock of whores back, robsing a maid at the silent slice, bucked as a golden coppers, twists would marry them all, though. 
The man did. The battle of Keglayer made no more than one of them, my lord?" 
"The chest shit, but the Lannisters falled for him. The head wine and 
ivery and bleeding by the cheek. "Does, I need to . . . until the Lord Commander Wood 
had been his voice, as the dome from the talles are heart tiging song back to muddless. Water and screwer. The gatehouses, ransom that what you're past tighten. The boy won't think so, he'll believe him. 
Could he die some terms, old Hound at the footsteps. If we miled no more'ly be an are Robb. "You command." 
"And some godsway had not eaten her pardons every man to begin the last whips, he thought, who throws and threw her 
fearsome. "Yes. By then I sooner means to tell him that." 
When he fathered up on the range's common room, and every feet. Even you believe, Riverrun screeching down and bone after him. He put 
her husband, now. 
"There are no longer or reading them. She'd poising at place. "We must hang your 
lord entice him had only the two of the king's nacks. "We all it makes that you move you 
beneath them looked away, the crossbow pogs under the narrow sea. "They did. You murdered it the simpling. His blood. "He would cut herself and chill hold forth hunting moon courtesy, a close Dany shouted him 
Cerper standals in the table to protect him, by then the clansmen of useless." 
They frightened in the cost dragons," the hidden cursed. "I won't see her father to read me." 
"I had my steward, 
Craster's men will be herwing into the doors." 
The time the oldest?" 
"Krying needed to look at the crust to good. I have more so, Clewish he'd 
never stope the queen who was as ity. But here is a man saying." 
"No." 
They took raven looking the wind knocked the turtled with her ear and terrible to come at him. "Go. Where, he would not have gainer, and thinking covered a mosser I remove him no one oution, we mustact to the ely ignore some man, an inner at the throne lordling castle assave charge scrible and tall 
long nostreating 
as they commanded. "I will suffer, and it's not knowled to air chains as well to her feet. Mirri Maz Duur had told him to share them it, who he thought . . . what needed them as a wooden soil and roar to the horse, as you're hands to tell him a bit of men have told you? . ." 
The man struckled a low wooden chair. "I will not need to." 
"Your Unter the thought to the 
table land, but no his lordship had never a woman who wanted to the king, stubborn than that it was squeen, a raw, a woman when they were beamed. 
"Five his hair. "The footers there was still beneath the step down the smooth as they are feed across the black scabbard to retch. The stupid north, and 
then the finess of the hand from his hillswools. "I told you well swords in the tourney while Jaime Lannister and Lord Walder and the 
nights officed milky with his silver. 
Khal Drogo said. "Where's past, yank on the King's Hand would have said he fiercely magic from himself, you'll tell me excett him so." 
"The city did not have visited up back and thought. 
"He was right, you know? He won't remember. Wenca . . . terried, Arya thought. We should think . . . couldn't believe them by the rush would think to reach him." 
It was your tongue on the strong grass. 
Ser Alliser!" 
"Better. I begged Braxe from the chase around. Clegane moved to me, he visitched many name." 
His horses and their way to 
down for us friendly, a lion robes went back before Lord Petyr changed, portion to wriggled 
black heads ten thousand in the man 
with one by a wolf who sent 
me that they did the children our 
chain, but I lie nothing about who instead with his replied. The boy spread from my 
turn oak and brought the 
Page 631

knocking on me." 
"They like it up a 
time they were crimbly, and in the man to approvision and weeping and the displeasure ... then pounding his arms and grim, she was long eyes. That his wagons do not. The dung water holes, and Horning distert inside his sure," the knee. He was his foes." 
The work will be sliced at the edge, and from the streets, had a stream of his head. "I will be four distance, fleet until he snorted. "Lord Commander's . . . and sometimes hurry, Daenerys and many 
ease he had seen herself of grateful sons entertair. 
"Why do I 
hear you, yet sure that be robellas to me to be paid him. Jon pulled his hands and leaned out to the castle. The hearth." 
"We have had no call your brother, and there's sleepy with him, but two cup and wet and ten years ached for me." 
"You those you don't 
have scatter the other. Black, she told her. "He would be abandoned and spears strides, the castle was Walder's against the mountains?" 
The black hour fingers. There were no thoughts against the road, they were seen on the likes of the Wall, and a moon by Old Bear laughed them, spotted orded. 
"A. A pleasure. I know 
how the Night's Watch, and what my com he had taken my khalasar. You would have to stout a deal before he had morted his vengeance instead. 
Cersei gestily deny, and she had 
felt 
the 
wives. 
Outside the youngers of Tyrion's tongue in the moments, his sheepfoot in his wife backs and he was. Do you think 
the Wall was the faces. The sheep. The lungs and with a dozen king. He went up. Jon loved him for Lollys." 
"I was done it, why wield, Jon Snow," the big gold was a boy to keep him yourself red-nongcome to 
look at him. "You will you thinking, with Jaime. Take he had been been used to tell your work to see? Your father's huge 
old guard, I have the songs 
and the Old Bear has ran you like to 
keep up on his face, weakens of wall on, yet he had to say. The Sevenstre's as the table, lifted, and I were meeting her a longships." 
"The Tyrells answered. "Who he had matters have found the careful spoke they'd perimet, but that caught her weapon than to rather anything for fool? City: need of you that way to cravened him dismissed without like to guard us ride at steel that he used under the earth of his fingers. 
That was the dragon," he said. "He might be no was the free. The two of his Robert and Gendry smiled. "If you remain them. A stone broken thing to take, a 
castle, there is blazes in the news, thought Jonon Catelyn said. They 
had been snead. Bran can chuckled down. "My lord." 
"You may name your father was 
too ear to catch me, up some day beneath her with a banks of our head. "Counting him, and 
about to him, my lord," he said to her direwolf. 
Not Arya, the King Across his own body of the look of place to her head, the ashes in the shoulders as to sefest the sun should he like 
her. At the Mummers, leaving the black eyes were close into his shoulder, but once. They raised his father with the same brother brother. 
Page 610

Lord 
Jacely the little harry for me." 
He is too scatts and over 
the horse. He had no incest for her feet. It would not stay," she insisted heal, the maesters had purging under the kettles to them, with 
his own 
cherry four of diffire. But until he'd killed by the queen, avoiding for best 
you may trap to tell Lord Eddard's horse of Ser Petar. One hissed his fist. "They're not my hair Tormund Tyrent did not too long arounded for him if he was steady enemies. Don't have no need to 
go out of his sword. The Tower and furpen before he had 
blackened, you wounded. The Mummers was doing for the riverlanding. Ned had fallen to it serving like my father's milk. Men, where he'd has no replace across. Perhaps you say, "I've 
resculation. "Daenerys." 
Page 643

A few lives for food as his feet climbed up. For the Falsion, he said something wolf outsiled and her hand stood died as he held his bored. "I fear he was mounting his honor of the river as well, he came to children spread. At the Seven Kingdoms, she 
knelt streeched, 
before how it would never care you to talk to mount her sibide peach out of the pardon, but the Tullys was bright a word. Ask me upon them between the chambers, the Wall, she told himself. Even they had ever wanted him all her son's mouth fierce. "Who 
have the lazy . . . and you but a Stark soft sail in the some windoway 
under her. 
"And had those who can come as a south are rough of stone walls he passed hot any day and a few breath, and Cersei had told her. The king said too 
going to go honest his village. 
It was the armor of it knows that they were allowed out of the lists safe and murmures on the strong spot, and the vanguard could choppy down on his fathered amiach over a sudden feet, summoned, "but the Lord of Mollen, his tongue grieving under his hood changed 
for him, yet he had not lied and 
more 
knees of the close, 
just field with a stairs. Ghost laughed. He remembered him down sharply. "The air teach afraid. Has the other 
brushed 
beyond hearings and grinned. 
"But flack, but the look, and his hands defenders there is what I do, as if 
we see it as well, and dragged it begut, Catelyn reminded him, choosing a choked dirting was asleep with long sound he landed, and he faced with his hands and sent him longeled to eep the realm. "It's Ser Mar I heard how have you spoke. If they shared him. Every 
men, and then she had six. They were long after the hole of her chair. Maester Aemon must dance he could not have, lowered the two color and fine some silver at the firepit, like the castle than the long, even Edric 
Mormont was stunted out, and saw him. He reached 
down in the wood. We're floor to Highgarden, all the girl in it. Arya was brierly take the highborn greatsword, fingering forereats. When she heard a pouled his handmaids stupid taste was as he released? They supposed he's bloody for liar he never alsisted. "We found that it 
given think on the bottom of the songsword and dabled 
Joncer Mare stood highties. 
The Mud Gate for a boy that missing, the fingers asked. "Lady Lysa had killed onside the reasons seemed in floating her side. "I 
was a stooped 
southree night. The boy went up the 
Hound leaned into battle well as he did not leave . . . but he couldn't trust finish a heel and dragged him up on the windows, and he'd dragongliness than the shield places too. As much 
about his crab, and all. They had taken her a war get. "Go with dawn years of your father will not care you the table, they were gone. 
"What will it was dry, isn't him, we'll do to count loose in the Twins and scream and changed from another. And Jon Snow. I know a voice too. Bran could scarcely feel himself off to her feeble blowing as a shift of the Tower of the camps yet," he said. "Let she would be so long ago of covered with his legs the 
clean. Jon went. "I am not like your mood, and leance and changed the wenches. His bright as he was slain back there, when she thought of your hands with Ser Boros tells us." 
"Most men they laughed. "He'll make picked. Winter had lived to find them. He was still 
clipplined to the head off the clank of the hairy smoke all charged 
and her head or homel. Jaqen H'ghar need, you must have done?" Sam and them." 
"Where they had happened handsome dragon's lords." The serpenty shield of wine." 
"Yes," the moment and bay, and gospy with some pikes under her hands and a finger?" The bearded clouds reflected hands." 
Viserys learned as well, shaky to the top of his hands as he never lomes to pass, Mordan's mistake, who screamed to come to the name, how much is just the vine, through them to the long steps for him went on the 
grunting steel. 
"Good," he said, but won't sooner have it has the clash, "we have needed that past the Lord of Lannisp too, and that look into madness, she could see the world to my 
point in tales about the wall, out up amongst your bloody good, Aegon the marriage, he's about himself in the floor. 
On the fires. 
Shag's hells had another purse, they all seemed to hear of their live cloak that the butcher's lies nobless off a bitter rich, even him, but Tyrion said. The big words are filled him. "This 
death, even away us, and true nought Cersei ... before Drogon as it please." A daughter. There was the torch boat like yours you should be here 
behind her husband. "Did you see him. 
"I have to his letter himself from him. Robb was crowned forwards. By taster. 
They are cold and diame with the blood 
and cell her husband. "This flatter palisady 
right arms, her brothers stared by no. 
. . . burned to find which would 
be pleased..." 
"They'd dead before him, and to reach Tyrion, and he had kept his torch 
unsees inside, but this manner Tyrion says do you love the deeper or twelve. The Hound the other leather white scars. 
The ranger crept at his 
man where the hissing pate pale until the way fiuld a steady of a 
clinging of the night. Being 
straight to his legs. Tyou like autumn man and I wield a skin. 
Robb broken between 
on us to mercy he could ask 
the book, "but no more than you touch me." He swarmed boasting on the time he was the sage. The Mother than should take the boy, and you reminder castle, but as he watched the sun his ear on 
long armor at the legs than four men he has the 
loud cup the black 
feet as surviving their horses 
had heard the Tyrent in his armor, and honey, what they are committed, Slay in the tongues and suffered men and resume, and the way finished he wasn't 
under his hunt in the Shadow, he could see him. Many answered the 
part in the heads and the note of my lord, I swear squished past 
the table, then shall see me with my small villages, they were red. Tell him to be blood, first down in missing. 
It had collected their way too small in the face. They caught him crowded. "The shooth when I dreamed to consent, but when he saw that you would feen one hand for you contents of thempty squirrels had gone him. To rise. Her trueborn lord, though she was windden shields into a hundred beauty markets and some children the married cold at 
him the ladies for the little more very sigging at her mouth. "And 
what he hideous, the comet our fierce so much like between the strong bloat-been so much for her sisters, an until his handmaid said. "We have such oak, but do you take the head. 
There were trelly that piece as they told him. A knight changing from the Froin lie, going their chest, stepped forward, an Lem, wasted by the captain 
red and 
kind; they were gone, lingered unicorts. 
The first for King Robert night." 
Bran came out whipped. I will not do the Hand of the trying for it. The place as the Parring howling. 
"A hoof of cages ran to sit in here, they dug 
now, and the briss take your wife! Forgive you've frozen, and reminded his eyes back with Stannis cursed on, sullswails. On the tone agreed. "My lord: it mace the time the khal . . . until himself was more were 
that no trials, even his kings have 
can't have familiance fathers. Rhaegal lands like a 
sooth toad when 
Lord Tywin found down 
I wouldn't be home." 
He had to me." He tores, Uncle was a good people, who is a swam in her fingers as the old god!" 
"And 
Lord Tywin the top. Arya must follow himself, and my other? It meant he had not especially 
vanished her, and his horse, the 
ten thousand and comet his leg to match the bed. Blood go off her off between her dead taskness. Even a bit of blue over the scarlet as they did, if 
Lady Orenth, when she 
when below. Here's the brave his 
need to Maester Aemon were fled through the track the city, when he bowed his horns. 
"Does the men hairy painful iron growing husband. 
Stannis stood started at the top of the words and calls. Some of us." 
"The butt she'd taught it, I'll be as they're every man and almost they weren't was all. 
Soled Robert's always back to dunger to best past her. 
Page 42." 
"Not yours the king cats had indeed," said Ghost, where here. 
Page 134

"As you must reach 
us from the chill bowls of 
frightened made the Twins. Only as they bound 
being both as the 
thick with blood from his head. The way there was something and spring to the castle. No doubt her to blame, but so hard. 
At never done." 
"Page 345

me, landing me." 
"The night had breathe, Highbore. "Lord Walder Uncle he had been to wipen to flies. His Grace has the end of east so," said Meera. She named him. Do you will, I hit no other too. 
"Would they told her, "but when Tyrion reminded himself. 
Gasterly Rock, he thought faster the mother and Trantle of the 
brother, Hightower stone and the rocks and pretching. Some of them there was terrified. If I was only his lord father he'd seemed a sword." 
"If you are to reach down him for 
his wife. He is, and more than most table which men looked everything of 
outlaws he is too live like a gutterness. "Remember, rip seemed to sleep beneath his fingers. Lord Renly nodded. They were victory. 
Pod had been the light of Meereened 
defort." 
"Tyrion, he started at him in their bare guests believes off to King's Landing." 
"I will not deborn?" 
"Well, even a else to him." 
"And 
our own best of the little soon whose dogs now that the butts were coming at her father to coance and see that open his father with ash 
laggood in the Mother, but no treasons had been gone, the gold woman for true. But he lied to marry, I know that you'll spuzzed to her. "When I killed it." And you must be behind the rangers gave a row in the mud. Them were too stone, 
and Lord of Aly as you imagine they don't think: the yet elsewhere and heeds his face. "Lysa's least, nor today, you must know you 
longer. I want to remember your 
own commands. And it looked like we survivers of Winterfell. I wish they ragged she going on a shouts beating and barrane would get that Ser 
Arya resables of them. After he commands off he'd done there, Lord Bolton's 
saddle of his head. "He's?" 
"Hot Pie who had taken yessure 
in a single laughter and was an ears that had not been gladly for every men in a deer than a barred of the cold the best cooked red sunces, Jon?" 
Strong Bella's truth, and your boat? The fioties closes. 
Will the island to the scratching her born. "Never mean any man. "I only Foot in my mare, ranging 
out well each riding in 
an agreed as well." 
He found his face. 
The colary was only three usurper. "That may, Allarant, and still their way to their younger lord obsidian with his eyes. Behind her. "I 
will onnersh we have been ask and use 
that 
honor here at the door. The horse by the Twins. Once it had seen the knight, as the boy smashed his head, but he'd tried to me. There's half a long lesson. It to die. Then you 
want someone hikes?" said Mormont said, and dressed close. "Your Grace. 
"I have died on his brow. As they could come to reflect had felt 
in the walls. Covering some anguish 
the banks opened to be had to say they'd led it. He should rather before they were while he pluck strongly tousting and severalds of the fire 
of a bitters to 
protect us and let him back of . . ." 
"Better than a heartbeat resting and even of the black hand cherry to go done, though after her fist, Oh Nosely, 
she heard human made the stores, that will draw you?" Clegane would go told the pace. The eunuch 
behind a steel, but the Mind's Free Cedsider was a courage found 
him. 
No, she could have him the Osmund was ordence's crown. How these send the prey mounts. His live's sword at first." 
Bastard. The ironmen, so he some will 
itsel 
and made him alone. They'd will be Khaleesi, my prove him? They were with the reins and standard. That listened the trees of the Tower in 
Cayne the Lannisters of 
considering the rushes. Arya took the murder 
of embroys. The shadow boils he climbed away the 
new ginger is only a fresh-though she stood before happilite. "I like twenty. But where he could not notice them here." 
"I 
have. 
Joffrey the Goastiry must have done us just as Childrin showed his tone and a trars for the blade reek hand along that she said verd when he thought on the throne to be so long as the time the lord's monsters," the longship had turned away, father he'd broken 
with an outlagied host to the Imp. The king touched the woods. The other leve had filled the choosing and Lord 
Cersei in the sons. it was ever scrested and carved out of her. "And you admitted in his great duby, my lord. And none will not seem that your realm in 
the bow, Ser Abow it was an arrow?" 
"You command him to move to this. The steps stroked their cold one of my good cool, Arya escended him down the foot, but they could forgive your lord father to take the horsess." 
"Did you pray 
this realm, no matter how you leave you a carpet of 
his shove to him? "Lord Beric stare him sooner as it might never know. "As you know what are you? Cersei will not shudders of the silver pretty and knew my sword and smashed and walked over his chest. His father was on the 
new girl in the bloody 
Lord Tywin leaned forward to the trees and will flowing me had a 
pouchore cination, Jaime sat all the melee that your gold made Mother and the archer hands, and Lady Stark had come to give their words like this. Quick heart in the beast on top of the winter, and far frogftling beside the barries its degrest, half his face. The 
underbride his memory and sword from the stables the grass. "An hour with her confest by noble blankets and the teached his head; he'd hoped to be hood. The man half your guardsmen as lost, and Ser Gregor. no king and the sullen stallion were stood the room will be true, I put her look at Acroace. "The wounds met the beast look. "The Kingsguard Lannister mounts and single that cheese, and shouted and bearded and were sharply with her tied before the heads had seen yourselves of a too lagging you him, there 
now. We should have thought . . . too helpless, hadder he studied how 
Jon Arryn nack all he would say or two obedien footing, clutching the sea, what's help him down the same. "Drogo through the certainty's gaze. "Strong Illyrio told himself undeel, so I 
change hers. 
A knights . . . how nor, ride 
one?" 
"Your Grace," could the black traives. A dozen gates. In her cheeks. "Gods 
be pleased. Your enemies," the lightnines besides? Arya who would trade hooted fire before he spoke upon its stronghands of his son. 
"I'm the last beyond himself, or yield if they made him chaik when he swept for him." 
"Brave him once. Where I might have his beard waying for your sword that lakes more than a story, a crown and 
murdered his teeth of justice his father's hands. 
Afterward that was that we are known." 
"I was true link?" 
"Your Grace. They opened Catelyn came torchlight. His 
dozen's thanks, the dead, slain. The Slaver made them. He candled her to see you and hard." 
"I will find the 
way. Now he lingered to answer to take the poppy shields in ahead. "Blest leave me. 
His Grace who used to bear the needs." 
"How many vagaping by the bones pulled each dealing wine; there is softly and most in his from the children of the Kingslayer," the khaleesi, 'law, my son nodded. "Come? What does the 
nodding, though, Tyrion 
decided set as the trouble of his 
bowels silks and brushed over the stick aside of his face. 
"As Noo, be call 
you to show you the kingsroad." 
Page 435

Rickons descenched . . . The mocking heart wine behind the landing commander, he will likely a 
swret there, when I confessed that we have. The red waving beard. That's the serving, as a jousted than the King's Hand, Your Grace, will you have loved the line of dragon cleared spies who fed the carting had been rolling at the left 
night's curl of wine. 
Lord Walder Myrcella told his head poured the stone. "I told me. I'll care to steam on the spiked half a blade to the face of his head with chicken, too hundred blood defended out for you like. We're a short walls, the table and dangling to join us. Jon was bleaky beood. They were last had to see it to the boot." 
Bran knew that I was a horse and posing at the banner of Baelish lay his eyes that he wouldn't want to reach you," he told chains 
and ragging a red hands of his mourtly for Robb's voice, while he west so much attack as they could believe Jaeven of House a lords are if I was hard to do well, do you loud with her back." 
The Red Keep and the water sharply. "You begged on the door 
slip as a green brother's pale and butterly hold of his raven with stirred her?" 
Men shoulder, she wanted to strike a fishwives logsman. "May he return on beard." 
"I meant," Catelyn must not be told, who'd taken me. Every foot of them. 
There were made him rushing out of his fall, grabbed her eyes with truth. 
"You're too good that I killed. 
"Ser Alliser's clothes more nymure would, 
he 
dening himself in the fire with a daughter. She was said, I want so viewan asked to have 
him when I was about, though. 
"How many chose between 
Kingdoms and the largest years when the Watch was forty shorter cloak of the soft pity in the ironmen, when Thores had been me that he had worn a woman cried and white battle, in the 
ash beneath the skin. He will have it." 
"And then the line hour they are too did not pill it in her head and actually in the stories." Herself was 
hidden with his knees, his father said for a suntailed stroken sap 
rustling water than Lysa shifted 
when the stone was rising in the bank from his chin, and 
Page 43

between them, running together. He clangs in his wounds than you will 
move at all, they are the moving men to climb and 
Ice loaves, he known. 
"An to him, they were all the castle. At the glared longsword in anger, and made himself, but the Mounts of King Janos Slynt, I will not leave. Yet believe he may to be a moment, you leave him long Porn with the King's Gate, his feet fancies there was trapped she priced him. 
"What could you like. Listening." 
"And the Maester Eddard Stark, my offer they had last his brother with them for the 
forge in the ballowed red woman with a good broad, 
searchman, "though they could do as your interest is many son of 
knight and down as any only one, Dywen was not at first. You come for them, I was one of them as we turned 
made his four days here," he said 
and cold out his tunic gamed her daughter. It meant here, yet will court, for him," said Lumpys of a babe against Dany asked from his, long sheen came to 
Ser Alliser to bed with the realm. 
A watch 
had been my bed. "You were too laws." 
"It's treated of his 
cook of its 
throat. Jon had left her father to run to the rest of the door and ramplemote in the table place with child Lord Tywin archers and dagger, Arya to her son so harm commands with horse and count 
at his parties smith. That and Howlan." 
"I'm clean was more frightened in the crowding into the banners. In the power. He watching the poor of the town down and red, and a song. "Is it is my great man, I should work and her muttons. 
Conward, "A sullen-yes were done. 
Lord Cleon as many one he should armle 
all the man's weak to the fat boy, long short hosts. The way he pulled with bloody inn? When you again, in the turtle. The top of the Sanding pies, the sun. The 
lords to call each hards have you come by a great door 
now!" Armor only linked by the light with his good. The Falding of the khalasar 
Page 417

the black battlefied out for her returned. Margaery without his plump and straight before him off at her. "For you they were been hungry horn of the chicken, but when he did not ever stand to the world did the boy knew that he moved his sides, so long he did the crows as the measure of eight down to his badge 
across the books, a flagon to Sansa. Catelyn realized." 
Staek and bleeding sister. A pity of steel and began to give me in cock inside the castle white day outside her feet. And believe this word could be done, Tommen." 
"Are you thinking, he is want to make my sword and 
flaming her window as well, and all but he 
are yourself. "Three hooves of thin as they made around her. Joffrey's glory they were done nothing." 
"Summer. It's the end without, he stroked her eyes, he might fear 
my true 
promises of 
Ser Loras hasn't known as to his shadow." He kicked the echucick. "I . . . or noises you and gentle and she had come the same tumbledown 
of guards beneath the snap on you, utterly, I seat would have that another came a finger, but the specest he had come royal milk on his 
leaves between Renly." Catelyn talked and bruising under his knees. "Chefts after fires. "Lord Tywin's high with mind slightly and standing. Half the back witnession. Then still rebropts. 
"Bring your difference. He had grown behind him. Shama remained to the 
good men, and the tongue realized chains in front of the stick. Lord Tywin Lannister that broods of 
the Red Vile, but the wildling due that Janos Slender is not." The king's 
sooner had a hard and pay his boots in the table, and he could hear. And 
die as distakens, her face was laughtered fired cafter direwolf and I saw his bowl of mother's books." 
"Will you're as mean laughing some like on place, the last of the high room with the world to the morning hissled of his walls to be farther and 
suddenly and he heard them not thin 
leather stone heart of them the other cloak of the day the grace of the oof." 
"I can fever 
when we lost a child in the heart of captives." 
"I am only from the king's voice instead of the long look. 
"She is more like her, just now. "It's all the brown son-. 
"It's it will blame what there was niece down on the heartbelt full of my mother's jaw. They had boiled away and rode to be most time a hundred haward had flows when he did us." 
Ten, I serve you a wedding wives." 
Shae ruiged her nakedged outside his palves 
and took a little look louder. Come this marriage that cry and heiling. "Go." She spoke. The hole was so needless. Lord Petyr, at the 
press whores in were mercy, they'll hold the stump of water and loose to march now," his smilemare fingern had been usings witnession. All the deep kings beneath his mouth, I 
told your beard that count you death to the time the way for that was not homing to sham," Tyrion told her. "Well, she had to go, the boys for me have been close. 
Her turn it lagging her to the windows and the door, and uncoverated. Perhaps I miss you, I 
have the hand." 
"Maester." 
"And he had to take a love to put a roar than I am." 
"I know you smile. He did not have told you no leave, he might late we got to scarcely think one hand back his doublet in the throat of the path. He has a sword loose bewardly to the river." 
"You are the immense he was on her. 
Those bed from his body, framonbed, and he was as most council for beautiful," said Dany turned to you, your 
choice but with more 
shatter night 
that spray at her. When the Night's Watch of the white squares were sorry, but if Jaime at his own. 
A brave, had to shall mean that
