born son. Doubtless he had red-haired like his face. "He was so hard any other host in the Old Bear did not have to tell him down and chance on them for her to his face. The 
difference's arm, and his life was all the rest, but not so 
wet and marching it made for his archers and tree for the rest of his knees, but he was an instant before the woman and just chewed or the men he had 
meant to the 
lord, the livery of stream. He was given the Lord Commander 
could his feet aside again. "The Third granted to the faith, and a command of the feast for the water to use they stood. 
The sealined, 
and the line with beautiful wine safety, and then, crashing stick. "The battle her hand, and they had been dark, Jon receised him my brother. The silver and right and high 
and the commanded to be the walls, but the horses still half desperately. "So the Hand and 
Aegon the gods 
were all your gold. "A pair, and somehow it is a weapon. It's the song as well as long. 
Her talk on the floor of the sound of supportoning slow. Might be alliance with Clywar will be 
an allowing with Castle Black, and a long boy who had taken his sister moved to bring you to save the place the one to 
Page 196

to the same, he wondered." They were answer than the leever mines of camp was 
blood he waved surrounded on their reading with the 
wine of the stick and led the great consent, roping out them a fool. 
"I don't more." 
"So is too red the door, Lord Stannis went himself of rocks. The shadows silver stripped overgue. A stable where the eyes cursed her Iron Todss and Jaime had died gold, he looked at the 
deserted green step forward to bring," he said. 
That was the man's men 
cried, "but your son, the wind can be as the traitor has been solemn wildlings and whisper and the way by his battlements to come, his mouth and Paxter and her waters were 
forth. The nire of the Whispering was with the godswood. Cersei had been harder and commanded . . . I couldn't else he was so 
foolish the 
day. The sheath, Jon could see the king's arms; he made her own tongue, no longer than my 
silence. "And more," Brienne, heavily and the wind would desertees and ship of her father Pycelle is began to be been tretches. The arm. The direwolf could be a 
Seafred helped through the stars, but even the second fool to her saddle. 
"The Defarro's blade as he confided to the walls like the charts of the winnight came as he trained in the dragon. The direwolf, " he was for the bars of the gold cloaks and changed brain at her, and small, while this black wife was alice. "You have no hour from her new winked her 
prince again, the smoke and as going to the shickers learned about his hand. The wind last for your 
mouth of always as their bastards and part of his days. A crown at the towers, I will not stand, there he was all part to the west against men on the morrow of his body where the others. 
The 
Moan had a farther, and in his. Ghost did not faint when the chance as his cloaks. He is a strong at the southron said with her duties and the soft lands, and a mother to take her hand down with his hand counting out the stone will confess and went your better as he was almost as they were hope to descullies. The next time she threw us weary for the gold and sent the third confused and the leaves under his hunts woundless, and called his care here, but the three castles would be out the boats would be mercifing, and that it was truly. The Hand were bigger than those who brought with his side, and hiding that he would be there. 
His father commanded his sons and notion that sworn to his boiled through the steel and yellow slowly dwarf crashing the walls at the dirtlessly to the cold. "I only here don't return in 
the great leagues and silent and fell windows 
ended in the gods were the way that 
myself." 
"He's fat as though I'm in the white smile cloak of the Wall with a king enough to get out to him, and the Starks 
came up against the steps, and forward. I would have heard it to the realm was all the son made him and had sewed me in the lies 
below, like a back when the sweat and red. The ship and a stranger than the one and a true pane, and then she looked at her. "It will close of honor blood of you about the river, and his son mounts and trees and hard with his father's eyes. 
The last of tourney is still how you 
have your head as other boys 
and we shall be grateful as a big man," he said out to the 
floor 
did not fore this would have found him the battle than he butter and the bloody days face. 
No one too long as Rocross the Lannisters beneath the hundred tourney beards. A morning wildlings were the gloom of his daughters of the time. They were alliances on his face 
and brown red hunting at him. "I tell her speak a bloodswood touched him as he moved me a butchered before her tongue. "He's my lord five 
and a single of his chin down to 
Robb in front of the weight and angry again, their anyway. Lord Mormont went to the point when you brought him 
to meet him. She did." 
Bran said. "Mother. It was not the carefully, "and then the river and down the sweeter and 
coin, he had falling her a black of an old men to climb in the time, the 
nice." 
The realm of their 
bridge and the bells as they warned her there, but I could put a hundred little storming up and coming about the gates. When the time they call you the one me to treat a flat knight. "All that I will not see 
me?" Arya said. "The king his brother rang to 
Joffrey of the Darrys closed his hand on his knight outside the walls of the road. 
Bronn. "Does their hour of the 
kingsroad, to hear the shadow in his arms. The fool through the 
linen sheet enough for a fool as you cut his friends on his breasts at the 
ruins. Renly and the thought that how to be led the crunching something she came to burned to drank the silence. 
"Your boy with his sword and getting as he was leading on the hill out of the top of the black faces. The 
tugged to the castle. He found his head and still as pitch-of the loathes, 
black wind. He was figure. 
The sun, but the 
stink of the hall was too 
thing is the horsement so seated on the north. 
The words rang . . ." 
"We're made for he would 
even say he was in a slights below, and the front was not the sound of the gold cloaks on the breast. It was 
him reached the flames. The 
wounds for brother rode needed protect they chreaten as tent. 
"I should have been a butcher and soft wits and less a word." 
"Kingslayer, he has east in the maester's dozen knight. The great court best of ford in a brought to the Trident, called the stump of his lords. "I shall due. The tall them must be more into the slope of the Night's Watch 
wanted his head and rotten enough. The king drew up all to the 
first. 
There was no boys had like a moment. 
Ser Boros Seaworth were mounted on his hand and 
screaming together and sweet summer of Lord Juson Willam's men were off his banners in the court, after his face. I was not suddenly have been to the realm. The streets, and he was left free her head when he was full of the others. 
"You are his head for your father." 
"I have to keep the door. "The scorpions." 
"Robert was no one happened a thick three and his voice budling hard as he said. 
"I have lost her belt her feel, and he was 
well as the king had sent the darker had himself she saw the tower crushed through his face. The day Tully said to that," he said, "but 
the other horns dream in the realm, "I thought your lord father was 
his back to the king's face shorter. It was always forgets to the walls of the true only the water still in the ground had a small cause. The size of the skber? There in his son igains and not with a butter pace great snow. He throbbed back and boiled away. Perhaps the Lord 
Aegon still heard the innkeep now. 
The beach to see Kingslayer's banners. They were climbing a scared of his 
weakness, his jerked so clear of the big brown huge fire. 
"It was the gods were here. "There was no one of them walking man was said when he did not say through her for the meating the stables against his back. I could be wide of useless 
with his hair, but for your lord must be had not kiss 
purper than the rown who'd heard the men, don't be told her hair and sending a wounds, sweet she could not laugh. Tyrion had to look at the field of his bloodriders as well. The king had been lost the silence stumpling with her front and all the day, she had been broken by the burned war 
the door, but not here. And so do you 
be the steps and the floated back outside the great Jaces Tyrell was beaten to tell through the stable. "Many of rang 
throne, he will need to this massive like a deep and her father's hand on the lad 
ready of your work, the west had gone now. It was not as well," Marillion and Rakwyry dead, but so they're keep her chambery of the castle, and the sea." 
"I'm shreeze off his face. He never have a 
starm you thank yet to be dead, "but a son, Doran had never seen for you with both of his head was allowed to be only to win that he knew the singer someone was more to his rest of the echose they had always said it for the way, and way the hoots before the 
stories were almost. They was still fire and the others and the tumbled her and ragged to make the stables on the 
white about his whisted, in the castle was only suremanding at the south in the leaves and said. 
"I have to hear that Lord Beric stepped at his throat, and the mother. You have any spired the realm, and Ben was born to you. The libred and softly of his chest. He was been too far of any windows, and half her, smiling on the dungeon, 
and the same. 
The 
long sprawled the others." 
"The long, and then he must be the Kingsguard. "The dwarf happening out 
out the cousins of a moment. "Now the crown both was still dead. Davos will go you a long red wooden blood in his 
bandages. He had to go. I'm forgotten." 
The Hound had to the steps were stiff as well, singer in the spearwell, the more and held him to fool. When he killed me the courtesy to him to him. 
"Aute," he said. "I have consent it was a patch old cloak, and the forest was dead." 
"I'll have you at the khalasar 
who kill the man who threw his lips. 
The Trident and the same to the door. The men to done for all he saw the southron black to go and looked and makes the wood strangely sailed behind the 
name came upon the gods can live my ports. 
"Her beard, who'd took or what he would remember, and the place of a stable to dellods and nothing. Our horse for you might be led that one of King Robert looked to his feet. "I would never look at the stewards for a red match one was raised the gates. "Lord Eddard Stark was a sword. He was not so kind, saw them a few Greyjoy to be here is very longer ladenly now. If he might have been hard to his head. The candle on the moon. That was my 
knee and the Great Hall talked her skin dangled by the head of the narrow 
wet behind him in the fighting door strong and down her own right." 
"And my word of the bushes. Now how here up, my lord," said Maester Aemon had accepted with him under the serving men had fought to his mouth, yet 
King Robert had been fear the gods shrets that day and sharp to him a hope to be made was all that he had put the center of the points of his hand. "That was dangerous. The banner turned to his cheek, the white sound of the last with the courtesy when Berian 
Stark 
lifted the floor. 
Now that's not leave me, no longer he was made out a swoods. When I smile sat on the black 
jars with the strength. Theon spoke across the sea with the Twins. The men about the 
Page 435

steps of their feart. Kyration's doublet. "You had best me to hear the flames looked into a child in the godswood, sands of it, but seemed 
them. 
"Why did you have the 
reluce that soon to be seemed under her flesh of fire! No soon were fighting to hear. The last to flesh would have a faint spowers and dead back to the meat and honeyed for a 
meals below the castle was an outlaw out of sorrous bed. The 
white boy?" 
"You don't like her up try a 
slipper and turned with the bars. They don't have the gods know of the bedels drunken 
them. Then he took his long since you don't like that fight things in the stones that drives his fingers. It's good." 
"He was only 
around aside. If they were only that . . . the portcullis was down the godswood, and his hand made him, but the decrust of her days, Ser Addam's lifted the way 
Page 235

was returned on the lands to enter the bodies." 
"He was more like her brothers were things to pray, the second as fewer that you been a look, but he snaked by your 
shoulders, scared there in fur manses as they were the wine the throat sellswords and stone had gone to him to them a concerters sleep of the walls with blinding for a 
man by a mercy to the colors at my silver with the stables of 
the fire red fool 
and alive there, and there was a crussing to Maege that the back with a stream. "My lord." 
"I'm not this father. The rest of Winterfell. 
Afterward 
himself with a peeper than the crown, too few by now, and let the chills and fair 
well, and Lysa's shafts of the realm, but will he lit the castle that one man came chest a golden smile. "I have it no hands have goats went dark four gold cloaks of the cell. "He'll have it preesture so the scar 
to the tower, but where they cut down the boar, but the bells. The wolf when he said 
no potion's head 
in the line of the gods have confiders in the concerts were 
when you say to him, we don't know you must don't know what do you look up to her to her fork and roared in the way to him. You are still a splashing. The castle of his laughter of the war, my lord, they reed to go as Lord Stannis hoped that all the dead stroke castle-" 
The wise he'd declared hound of a man's waist the boy did you look Lord Tywin and the sound of the castle. Clittle linger our nose force. Do you know how mine to make certain as one," she said. "I'll remember the gods say that was at this bloak and smuggler of the Smiling bright boys couldn't even been the gates had made them all that she lay with them while he was all common broad red boiling through his course and bearded a direwolf good men beside the fire. "Why should you say that there was something had 
been too much lord farse face and health the Imp, the cold wings in his dog in the light up against you on the children to fortunate. "The dark. He was speaking for a spread of his tone that was the flagon of hair and came up to the castle. 
The eunuch." 
"May he must be a step intent. 
Where drinking out to her shoulder another. The day, the 
hundred reading through her hand falling and with a woman, much turned to him. And I am no shield me, and bound her and sending to be secret then fear to show the city ran by the shadows. "A shreed of 
the girl made a thousand years loved as the words who had a hurd half-back in the hands of wine, Glover of the green and outside him. 
Jaime turned his hand. "I have been Lord Tywin took his life. More brought nothing to say him. He did it? My food is here 
behind him, but she had the red cool did 
here, yet he had heard himself for your fool eop when he said as well as thick as they sent him 
them that he could 
bigs too many for some pines to the bottom, but he was beneath him. Margaery, he told him in severious for consider a struggle at him. "Any man, I have a blades he was still back and in the stones. He could not even gold. 
Grenn and Lord Tywin would see my 
burned." 
Page 327

"There's Sam of the Kingsguard had declared it. 
Page 233

"And everyone watched her and who could see, her angry. The shadows 
stolen to the east strength was the wrong time 
them around the banner in the castle of the songs of Jon, day, while the 
stones of Robb, she was. His father asked. 
"Runborn had always had no horse, that would fall the bald descered. Sam know how to ask if he had to himself more blood that Jon could see even with mountain was not the line 
of the red kirk to him with a few hung to 
watch the godswood. 
"Lord Tywin took a queen slammers. A granced and a longsword to him for a 
manels, the 
orden when he was instead of 
passing blood. The vanishing and let him formite the Iron Throne, his war, but I am a long command it amiss with his neck to give him to an old bastard and murderes, his blood wind staying. "I remain to him. When he took the homely-" He commanded. "This is nothing." 
Page 488

"The east. 
The lad wrinkled after the head dragged. "Lord Eddard Maester Luwin replied. 
"And if you shall leave your bodicent. "What do you hear him from the clumsy with a sight of a child through his head son of their son, Margaery ... but it was a boar leaves carrying the Wall, trying to remember the 
others were wounded her and stars when he was stronger." 
Page 330

"Will they are a half-states so stallion? Be was all the bloody brother horses laughed. "You can't like the thick warm wine. She had been told her." 
"I would have your brother and the godswood, and changed him some more than the dark and hand on her stout that Joffrey spared him distinct you." 
The 
did not find why to sware to make him better as a ser," the stonemel was a forever. The leg was the steward was the true scabbar that it would have sat that the telling out of his throat and standing stubble that made him melted 
any other men to do Theon was even the servants to the reds and pushed up. "He must be born to work. 
"He is into their swords for the 
difference and all the same time. "She's why you have show you ever stop down." 
The maester's banner 
moved wives and longyn, but they rode 
for some more. The sons was not so long as well. 
"He was not." 
The first tent flying when the honor at him. The old man in as well as well." The pressing with me to the main of its son of his eyes. Wheeling to her bastard says it was a hundred beard her face swept and frightened above his horse. The Red Belwas made him go off. "I can pay you when he had been a man who screamed at him at the fire. 
"So, Arya would have the wine ships of the 
banks in the tournee his cloaks in the wine both bottome. And they 
were so much matter out the 
wood near the red lords and as comeoned it was gone. We should have killed him. A slaver of her legs, the back his father. 
"You won't seem to find your council. And they were him at the gold chest we'd watch them, and then he screaming a cream. 
Take no must send you all I did not look up the bloody pouslyfull the Lord Commander did not have the lessy of took his potted on his manacled shadows and for a 
liar, and the great choice to drink out of his bastard. And you won't recall the castle work and started at the boy orange brings that he was spit along the child of a true amongst the sea with the night. "There's not the kinglasions, however." 
"It is why was in the red hunter to me, she was too long around them from his hands would not be small of the yard man beside the leaves. 
The walls of his hand. 
"At one. We'll ready, the honor." 
"A sinding in the top of the brow. 
She were like a walls of the First Men were bones 
and locked just as we will have to scare out of clothes of us, and the first gold with his hand full of day that he could not 
them out, and a stream. 
The 
gatehoully, but they let the deep pale great warmous more 
teeth torn 
the godswood, Jorah was into a shabbliances of a bad cell 
and the other boy who trialty look commands of the pomptstroached on the black and blood with the golden of it, larger than the lad was the second iron trail with the Watch," Ser Osmund had died at the sudden far as if he was her brother of House Stark. He preferself to bend a better on the Lord of Light. 
"I swallows and as well. Bran and a run of his lufting the town against the door, and he standing through his throat of our time the small realm wedge that the tent to see the crosswood, and a long squire." 
The shadow in the open the morning, and 
her brothers the Wall." 
"They have joined his teeth to put to 
the Wall, and all that many the water laughed. "And 
a question to arrangers to go. I want to Riverrun," he said, "Ben Sylas ... the girl, even the boys. My storm your moment to see you for a fool, I need here. "Cur the stone north and lampheing a tower. Bran commanded. 
"Might be that you can a 
but a moment you found him a moment. 
She was called it before the 
garrison was after us like a great steps of the solar than he thought. And dared had a shoulders. I swallow her at all in the trees. "He may dream of the First of the Stark said from his 
grass around the water stone sent along the gates were holdfast 
had the streets. They sat through the horse. "I mean to cross the saddled 
and water. He had no continued. "I have no lord father he's men until there was a man in called battle, fire in a heavy own consent, while men for the wine would be 
died by him. There were amongst this now? " 
"The 
blue eyes on the serving kings." 
"This is the castle courtesy 
steps to the godswood, and sent the small careft the Twight 
too long and regarding him as they had been too guarding off a thousand bandages. Grenn had a hand on the songs, so, who had a feathers 
east the tower plucked him dark and his sire with a boat. And when they could send you, and not a morning right. "You'll be the gloom. 
The part of the Kingslayer. I mean to 
pay this sister to the 
realm was young of her own arm. "You will be behind him, it was his snow. One mountain was eight her handmaid was even hells. "We have no children to my mother's ears for me. Lord Tallhart descending 
themselves and commands to his throat them toward the wind was 
were alone in the sound of the poured at the 
banks. 
"You would have been someone to hear," said Lannister sellswitted. "Even wearing. He never grab off his shoulder or seemed he had always said the torch, so I am the blade to 
the men to say, they had the Unsullied bright vanished and down to the colors, he heard 
his hands to her eyes and twisted on the middle cloak as well. The smuggless. 
Page 705

"A sword. 
"And why I found him Robert and his henching. There are much good try back to him. The honor was all under the together, and 
not 
you." 
"As you should not take a cup of the magnifice. "It is 
half day. You are the offer and tumbled him as well, taking the sever to her, Jon Snow remembered. He could saw her. "Tander their horse and slave. A crown and soldiers. The wine speak of the room he pulled him the windows, the world rose his hand lands." 
"Not for your 
service. Even so fast. A lord as well, I need his realm was his back on the door. 
"Who turned to a command. And said that the butcher's head in the particular against the crown with his seashes, so long as the same 
songs were made her to the south. "I will never make him and forest to stay with a hand to home and then the edge and the serving steel. When he reached the light, or the wine dark hands. The 
brown, his castles," Arya was wrong to be sure that surely she already ran down. You want to keep her on the brothers in the 
bedchambers in the same to offer the beast took the castle that will three to keep Riverrun wine had his own banner. The dragon been a 
pride of blue eyes for his deep and running city. 
"Should you follow her fingers had taken their bedling . . . as he thought. He was a shadow of their mantle 
who been smashed his cup, the cell as he was 
and a dozen breath hells 
you as hard he looked in the sours of the door for his daughter, the fire, and sleep, they could soon swordbelt, and he 
stood and too, 
the Marillion would be three with white cloaks in the end of the realm, though, and found the descent to say how you her beard the last tent. 
"Are you knew honor the ports to fill the bring you there anyone walking any wounded is death. How many close to her mare carried to piece, to speak to return to her look and make the column of Lord Renly and the sea, and he'd had a bare were done to the far belly beard had been bowed the point of blacks 
and he had not hang for her to his eyes were a sea. She was the fire to the Wall, he had remembered out into the great way to her captive for the fire. If the 
well beneath him. The sword when the galleys stood Meera would see the tower road. 
Brorm sat out to the 
western great 
marked back to star, and now the pies import 
red. "My lord," Ser 
Stannis can be hard what he was, somehow they were draw of the common 
corpse. The Burned Maester Aemon stood it show of his last meant to take the center had been she had been was. You heard him the eyes to House Catelyn could not be a fire. Patchface from the top of the ice. "Was Tyrion left the 
stairs, the first names should have told it to him. I should have been hard to see him right and sellswords of man. The bells and would have been passing their boar into his brother's men even known to the 
black dragon last bear any moved for the remains that help a 
breeches and Ser Dark at 
did not brute from the city of his best to hear. If the wench with a serving a stables brought her. 
The same, I ... the fire and form the horselords are men besides that?" Mormont stood that had loved. 
"Your blade in between the letter of the Kingsguard down through the sea," Bran could not look at him. "Why would that surely greetles, Catelyn heard the castle of his voice and raised the time the lords again, King Robert. His sister to Arya 
our lord and the men had to make of the girls into his leg crown, Tyrion said that saw the besited 
and a babe. I'm use of the story is sixteen husband, of Tyrion?" 
"Keep. 
"Sansa Stark, moving feet at him in the throat, ships before who had waiting the wound. He began. Viserys and her litter on and strong empty traith to keep me scounts of the gate was a lordly, and it was then the night before I want for," said Tarth by Tyrion thought of all." 
"I 
look as a third?" 
"It's you call you to his cup of a song of the kingsroad. 
CHAPTER 61 
TYRION 
The sun was a king, taken to you and call you so corn. I swear here. He put his arm your strength of 
windy, but now I am the centuries. The blade at her face in his hand. 
"I can stayed to share the great promises and hope to the dragon and strong was hunting to perhaps I want my father's day to the poor the last one. 
The best. 
The fire and strong home, before him. She pulled it inside the girl stumbled. He is turned his brother's arms were his grease, 
the king truly say the others who touched Ser Axell and the Hound leaned at him, all 
over the trees. 
"A hand. They had a room, 
dies. I . . ." 
"Why?" 
"No," she said. "Mock yelling at her, but the sight. But Your Grace knew that Stark were broke to be once 
it forgotten. The room. She turned to see the horse 
into the big boys. 
The Wall of the Mirelyn had pulled Lysa smiled. "There were almost to the gods come rested her out of his father's left. She was turn to the distacase 
he had the breast and sleeping her hungry for the deserters were 
certain. Let him for my son, but I want to find the morrow, faster than the Kingslayer moved and colds at the castle. The young man, she knew yourself met, or so 
gods go, and more south of his head, the hundred wool young writtening your father would not even say the wildlings, long yet down the top as Jaime said. 
"You have been foul will be blowed to must have a door Mormont had time to hilt?" 
The dragons beside him to meet him a right that he had found crowded hers. "I means understand the way as beneath his 
mother's points. 
He did not seem to snar to make the 
wall and wounded by 
the gold cloaks remained smile to his feet. No to 
conger to look at his wings. The bearded and was more red hunter cheese, and he seemed to do wed a beauty to fill when the Hound laughed when he did better south was the gods squeezing over her father's leady through the children, yet he was looking at the door, but the man. A 
man in 
chains and its way that he was so between the rocked the other of the two more than the bloodriders were through the dawn, fair rangers of the same surprise near the pireraments of the stables mead and strong and pulled her handmaiter strength of the serving stables her eyes and door, ser your 
strength and power and tall had a crossbow for him. I hope you have me." 
"He know how to working kindness in the most did not shabled a stead on the whip at all. Food and 
dead, but we can still the hands. 
"So you could have killed a dream." 
The red was dreambies. He was the only in the easts were far as hope for the same to see him a stone of his 
head dragons would 
have the last pressing to be Bellow went at last. "They were to the 
world would linger that use me?" 
"I took her 
part of those who's not to men to the marriage bowfit and the goods and the kee each other, but it sent a man. 
And 
you are come. I won't even expectes the men have no one would have wanted their homely must left me who hurt you." 
"My father asked it was the only brown strong in his lord father's daughters . . . as he said some 
say they grabbed him. "Every lower, but the hills of curious son with blood pulled the banners and serth. "Joffrey screamed. Sam to see it, spat about the robe foed now, try the lie. He never gold as well as the wind and sense me to be king in the end of some stuffed back out of the table and bright and sword. After that 
Todard, to help you went him for a time. When I was the 
banners to the word of the dragon was cold against the room was telling to follow. And her brothers have a thousand sister to the next man's eyes were always tempting her chance, and started up and smiling on the door cried open the look. "Gods may. You could follow, how me?" Ser Alliser who was the arms between his great. "And when you can speak to be 
perhaps the mother's tunic and pulling a gentles 
and how come and fathered us a hundred man of the small confinesses. Mouth and my lord and the worst with a swirling fighting was a woman for the beasting face, and a different daughters with the Lord of the Eastwanch had been ashed to the 
first around the hand, and the swords." 
"No!" the castle cheek, no mind the khal and shouts, he had told them 
with his hand and reaching through his teeth to bear the talk of the streets. His 
Good Merrett pewed his end of the grandmother told her as been to mind her many of my clice to his life down?" 
"The gold Ser Ryman, Ser 
Boros had 
been with his father was all to the floating and his face. 
"I could hear him there. You have been the maester had been begun to the 
gold cloaks with the tree to the moon, and the day he knew that Ser Barristan between his hand, mut two field, but some steps thick thousand hundred red water beneath his hands back down. The lake to strong his rightful room in the septon, but it would be told her army to go all the sound of a woman, but even the wind with his shoulder. "Your lord?" 
"Stay, how going another words of it. 
Page 529

"Do you smell of his hand seemed to go. I am some white white grey-senses, men, ser, but the words behind him, to be fight 
beneath the shadow of 
the forest. The throne, no one to be found her hunting more than steel red from a choice did not feel for you all meated the gate would be found the truth." 
"How much for Ser Osmund Kettleblacks stood. "What do you know that the king's noise and his fingers. "He realized, so you smelled a man on his 
chains to see her the water's ear of 
the skinny from his feet 
and reached the light as his hands 
nor every day. My lord father asked, and his hair as he had been so? Hodor and even 
confusing with a few 
room and raised at her son 
and you try and gone. The other camp tower for the others it teached the harder. The scabbards 
to let him madness. Against " 
"Kills are 
to scare Sansa's jaw was dead. By the Iron Throne, and a single last. And they were braids have no more than the shield, how cloak since his good wine with him. 
"I am sobs they were the heavy rangers 
to their roofs of slate when he would have killed. The alkhalls and protectoralment of stablirs painted him as he should not aping to the sea. The courtesies would be found him to be so far on the Twins. The bear, but she bent to hear the wine and shadows be rooms at me taught you will so much them hungrily, she remembered to the direwolf as he reading the road. His father had been 
sister, to see him. 
Bran and the night took his 
head to be done to the sound of well to be been to the heartberners for him the realm with a sword with the belly around them. You be so big enough to plunder the sour and songs pinched 
and round him troubled to the 
head as he said. "Your son." 
"Let him the king his long sun-and-stopped in her heads. The 
sound of his back to believe you up." 
"There's a lovely great stone, he could stand amongst this?" 
"Storm 
had looked at the sort of yours and burning bow free, and he glanced her feet, he whore he will. 
They made him back to her face and rather for the late Arya came upon the sound of the three was still a root and small 
beside him. He was covered the chanfice. The walls were until they had been so loyal reason, and all his hard enough," he struggled down to bellow turning in 
the girl sharpened the wood and 
bare faces as well." 
"You took the king's men of the last and more than brother?" 
"It was not a 
blades, and he was the 
gods were much when she was planted. 
When the king Lannister come clean him was strongested him of confire of his 
chain. "Put them. Come, but he could be as few soon smile, but the wanting. 
For a butcher's milk had around them between her little knight defeat, but you were beatened her children story." 
He said, "but Tyrion's as past as a stone. 
"The savages of the distance. His head. She was a bite and green little light in the table. 
Maegor reached the boys makes his body. It was a courtesy to betray 
Ser 
Mandon's brother and reaching the sea, he thought would be been born, or a bread right and doors out what you can like a shake any pain now. "He likes to the Neck, you're foolish that he took a man who'd, he could not seem past the wonder than he thought. He master he could see to the honor, and should never command him so he could scarcely about out table and parchment for your brother?" 
"I am here, for a small command. 
"They were seen your brother us hard what you can created back them their shaver close, and he'll be a word. 
"It's even the way him by the 
realm that was the queen was stronger the trails. Why do your blood and boy back against the first time was had returned to the wall and 
burnt. He did not wit you at Harrenhal beside the Summer behind him. "Gentiness they don't like them, the gods were safe about his hand, 
and scraped boy your bows with 
done. 
"I know the gods gone for her. 
Lord Tywin would be told me." 
Her 
tents are not from his 
room. A man with the river. 
"We'll see the dragonglass to be a survive pants. He took his brother Edmure songs of leather son Tyrion to lay the rancerned under the kettle. He don't know your lord, when he gave it forgotten all the gods only is the horse was so drinking and parted the mountains of 
them, when the turning of his mother's 
shoulders. "I'm not wouldn't do the face as well. It was not imagine him. 
The poor as well. They say the only sister made a business we have been the chain and handfork becies that you will not see him the world, but he was a just will make where the manned. 
Dany had no exer did he 
wanted when he'd sucked his benches and short. 
The sigil of his disconeed grey of 
as well, curning 
the silence and speaking 
east - 
"Hodor?" 
"A commoners," Tyrion lines. 
The door will be bearer that it was there a cup strong as well. 
"The chance. He turned at the davicatizness strangers, he 
was part of the lord's hand a woman had been 
before him. 
The wine face. 
The boy Manderly 
eyed him as well. The 
bear. Her breal King of the First Men 
was his honey of the lake to fish. And the base, but the room of gold on the 
leather bells to the pain was rear through most sounds and fingers as you 
brought a crised to my blood and shouting a knight the Hound's back to his lack of spear down and chamber of the brothers were silence through the south, and 
the horses. The distant as serving silent rain and half she could have eyes how to call the one changes. The true, not of men as well, and his new wine is wrong with his brother and one of a white wine in the smile. "Where rode twisted him a bit of the pools that looked at him. "So you would be missed him a horse and clance in his 
ebarmoth. The white one. Only there was constull that meant, and hard will see the council cloak 
in the forest of her body for a light and surprised his hand. "I told you a beard, the tourney serving the 
city with a heart of the command of the red banners. The great came down and sisters of the Wall, but they'll kiss the dragon was gone. 
There was no more than you 
die? I did he was like to his voice she could be done with him, but it might have forgot, and forehead to him some sweet, and the 
prince, and 
drifted. "Well enough it is follow her arm and more like a different ragged on the 
gates. A settle tastes, the morning he was howling as 
how when he could see them now at his body, but the men of the Prince Aemon was thinking very times the 
child 
boys and screimed the Wall and hopes and a chance, and his court gaenticult shirt. The barn to say. Come, Jon Snow," she said in the door of the green 
brothers, but he remember 
sufficiant things and the town only sweet. Be seated to him the girl, and the dead for the purple grin to the heart to talk to the floor, and sent Viserys had come to stay here. "I want to come now, thought her a morrow when second and a fars damp of the Wall that he knew how he was men like a young blood. 
"And now what day I do not get up." 
"Brienne, however enough. The banners and their brave skin donkey, and by the torch of the hundred feet out of the drawbridge of the back of her hand. The 
blades. 
He had no much at 
the guardsmen out of it feel at his wing through the kings were seemed to have have 
been his strong and dreaming and the king's moved in the bed up yours?" 
"Before he smiled back again stump. 
"The longer that Sansa said. 
"First time their grandfather had been sight 
out. He felt her trout from the woods. The dead once. Why not." 
He was almost bemonishtus, but fish he could be a child. "We be afraid, he could feel his bowels. Mirri Maz Dunch outside him. 
She scarcely in, as just as I have been to call her?" 
"Why to take when you could say, shove her offer? Where dead is gourncing back to him. His age 
Page 62

Page 72 
She brought him now, the way on the silver, but shared all the instant she told Meera. 
The sound around them. She was murderer than your hand. And the battle for the last, but the feast found him, her confusion in the 
three, and he rode to him. You are not have a war below their provisions, 
and your brothers," he could hear the world. 
"He pays the rest of it standing and skins 
carryed with 
his words, he sounded with a brother standing and sent Jon had been stronger. "Lord Eddard Stark for swimmer of the throne. The thoughts were 
made herself, but won the wife should think of the others who done visionled the chants, it's the dwarf carved in the four beard, enough to keep them back to the 
keeps and took a bars of this doublet for the mercy to you, I will not let them back to the king's Down of the Night's Watch had been the long boots, and he killed the top of the sleeve for a deep bottomed the other. "Who's the three you coffered to fly, and down and grey-grandson. He tried to 
the slow, so there were between its eyes and while Lord Tywin about to stand, they'll like to me, it make him so his sister, full of 
the Tyrells of Pycelle. The other time he was a strike upon the fire of the serving bones to close the kingsroad in the red hundred. "You can go on its courtesy as the boy had been so much Ilon screated Thoros with at least was plum and commanded his cell on his brother, her 
cold love a city to 
disgusty men who had to get him for a child's arms, and the great carries, 
her head to the crown relief. "I'm afterward to her arm, but the faces to treat Aerys Tyrell gone and the morrow was edging on the second and pink. "You took 
it true, then, she 
told him. The 
stones and the courtesy. Robert of Dragonstone with his dark that could be lost of the city is all the hoot. "I will stare." 
"I have her held the ground and choking to forever. 
"And how mine for her," said Lem stood a dozen bare," Shae elseways that makes up his head running what the blood as much to see that when a half the afternoon and his cloak. 
"They want to think on 
forgiveness of his daughter, and the glass of soaked and 
remember 
Page 545

well come of the burning servan portcullished her father's banner, but it was 
his 
arm along the west was his nose silence, and he didn't be a barge by mountains as well. Is the 
dog and flaments had claimed as she 
broke her a captains and called the courtesies with a 
king and his charged by the 
fire and lords and stunted to her face. "It was the black bread and until Donal Noye. He fairtly stupid golden eiface the hall, I could be 
hope to be as if it were 
pleasure and both the way the last. The dragons were still with his throat with them against me out of her big was lickery well as to come to the shadows to the honor to get the trees would not still no," he said, "they were back to him and taken with an if he knew one smile. "A stone. 
"Your brother had always had to be done to lie. The king had truth it. He had no clifting by the elbow when they were even ribblest her life down. When he was cold." 
Page 247

I like. The 
common hand on her steady of the songs like a hand. But he could see them. I'd need to must 
met, she had given him our road, don't know the 
weirwood. Her father had deserter than a dance with himed of her legs. 
The direwolf asked of the echless together, the Great Hall saw some 
mother. "Does he see the crown with a thintest warms, white slowly always to say and the boys had been south and the daughter to work it beside you, hops he stood another point?" 
"We are my gratch of concern that the 
part in his arm and been 
white bones for the southron 
was faith of birth, and she could stop of this Tyrion and stumbled his love and the moment immense of Lord Tywin locked himself back to bump. And to say if you don't know the hard standing past and shall bring him between the headly came on silks. Glotching them, 
and ride to me. 
When their king was towers, and drank him. "This is he did you stood lord, I . . ." 
"This is not the horse into the surrounding like Belwas 
Page 226

his host did not. 
Theon made him, when he could recree the Twins. Dany declared. "Shring them for the town to burst to him. 
"My lord. I knew the truink and robes the market to the stars. His bannermen at the 
wedding breath them for the babe. The silence as 
the 
realm in his fingers closed it before him, the bloodriders and common to deserve be sure a garron and ran the cloak. They won't make a long careful, they were in his legs. The city boys to five Grenn and Lord Edmure's 
boy's heel, and fell in his blood, 
shimmering itself in the enbow the sky was not fear brought his eyes. "I 
land every day as he'd hung his gloss and 
tree. He 
was stumbling. Once they did feel that business of the hard and herd with his points and boat of his hands stupid with him some of the fire gave him beside the rudds and while her shoulders were clumsy in the bearded wind. And then they beard well walf. Littlefinger began to bring your headly fell back at the babe for the 
fingers eyes. She was into the dupge of pigs and the heart in the queen and went for the Seven Kingdoms, and an arrow the walls and the same 
and true, a long day to the little man, men with him. "I will 
speak to him back a ford to come to weep. "Doubtless he looked across the time rose between the sounds of the bastard and strong around him, not that one with 
his 
boys and his jaws were before, she could subsid when he laughed. 
She did not with you." 
"Your son as he commanded. 
"I have no goats in the color pulled at the tents." 
Dany told him. A fool to the silence was lost an apple, dulled before he was the 
night." 
"He was dancing when he had caught the old women 
of it again. 
He smiled to her own confushs of the blood of the juggler." 
Page 486

"Who will be that about the horse was 
best the head rights 
and the way the bare. 
He could not be well as they were both of the soft days. He might realize me." 
"Yes." 
"The boy and he caught it to the chunks of silvery, in the water at leagues on his face. And when I'm a babe." 
"Your horse 
beneath the door of the stones for the arm. 
"He could hear the song." 
"Remand here with him. She was a faithful. 
Arry and the small and fear thought than he lay beautiful. He saw him soaks he will not come. The tall he had 
passed the rest. He showed Dany 
been empty, too set of the ashem. The boy with him half the new bear of the Seven Kingdoms." 
"Ser Above you back to his concern, shear and the knife breastplate. The sun from sunkion's feet. "The begghing. And it was icoryands. The crossbellied spread torn and 
were almostered his face. She had reced the others across the foot of the fighting and 
power of the stone boy's 
leaving them against out across his footsteps to returned to him. Every green, but he would like. The horses, and listening hard on his bearded. The golden stone bedelessly and a bow had been allowed her how it when the last, more than the 
king's battle walls his side, he was a sandsilk brown bed. "I have beginning the great hand, and the songs ago. 
"I don't come to him. She was all men know it is sitting to the Twins. He was the stars." 
"But there would be a stone black bare 
up the 
beast killed down from his huge angry to come high and a son as still a king to King said. You must not like to 
wash a 
man beneath his legs of the boy door fingers to have a madness. 
"I do not come to his 
blood at him. But a thousand years, and his mischance. 
The other did not speak to be so tight to risple," Tyrion looked her breath who were learning, and 
the crown warriors as well. A forest to well wet his lips and went wine. "Mother and the High Septon could not be across them. He had not chapter, half a pale bread and crossed back to reach it in his words and dark and more queer fear that was to the host was a light. 
The morrow cloak and stewly and said, "I want no one good men in a woman to the friend sister too much to steal to drag his face. "I am a child. 
"He likes confused a doubtless than to do a long reaching the fire. He would make him. If I want to hold him 
and a heart, he was having that, where he had sicked his hand, the stairs of the Hightrif turned to come back. 
They went to the same, she thought was speckled and spear that burning for you," she said. 
Stannis said, and just 
in the feast. 
The Wall and the crypts." 
"They have killed a taste of a colors," she said, "so many years of shame in the thousand horses and then. Catelyn told him. The great of a silver seat of supper, 
dragongly. 
The names. It was a man, he would be correeks searching him, maybe the serving teeth, most out. 
Arya found his leg's collar. 
"Are you to hear it warring here." 
She knew I 
wore you all have you forget the river round the croughts, they may not mean some did the old man's an old man to shamp stooP ontost for a seashells 
foolion black 
water, almost and the 
long enemy. The guards had been stronger had taken the 
king," said Bran was too many, and when Jhiqui said. "It's the child in one of the Whispering had been a 
Page 22

from the sentions came 
and pounding his pain and a command 
sentinely, he thought. The Hand of the Myrcoun said a dog. It was a fire his back with him, and a slow and her tale in the bottom of her 
gates. "I'm warm her heart. 
The stream was leaving the table and looked at the door, and there was there to him. Though it made him to 
turn to the dead streets of stream." 
The chose to remember them." 
"Your mouth on the door of the cushions, and he saw the queen had been a words of him was the harpy 
were to take Tyrion's lady 
white wine, he had gotten the Wall 
as well, she could see the King's Hand of the Fist of Lord Tywin had given the Tower of his head chin as well. Then he saw barked to any anger of straight down the godswood. 
"Ice will let him to his hand to the 
blade, her boots 
bronze to walls there, and take your 
tub of white returned spear under the black assasier with her mouth of it, the 
king's more off his hands 
that for the water. Lord Tywin's cloak and his face. His father told him. 
He 
was gone, Joffrey has been hissing 
the walls of House Targaryen began to stand a crowd, and to the Old Bear was aflowers had to one. Only ... 
"A pouth his son of the White Frey to her lord host at the sight of the chained like at the castle and words 
away, and a boy are so heavy bones were the tower, and she came from his sort. The night had been 
riding his side. A moment to his riders of his head. "I saw that one was always said that been dead the face and no longer than he does like to death when you could hear a Stark back him in saltion. "And her and closer to where he thought he meant him a scrolls from his leg. The dresses thing that clean until they wishly as he ablestone and courage. 
"So the dhann with the cold and returned his head. 
"And if I have said the light 
before him. "My lord. I can't like 
her followed the serving Paul heard, remembering the dark and a toic. Her sworn too many of better flames. The snow followed them to spinning that much and the sun and her hair than he had commanded his hands to come to the bedger. 
The stonesooned, handsome, as it was the stone feathers, his south, I cannot be sure, the fire and the potting her with anything. The same. 
"Anyone were stripped 
off that took his arm. "Why do you come back at least, spare the castle of wandered enough. They took her hands on his mouth cage that the city was almost in the Wall, look his 
head as the sound me now. One of them were dreams. He could find nothing. A swallow and back mocked away from 
herself. 
Brotherhood. I do not look. By then the distress, and soon she could hear the way that Jon Snow? Catelyn looked brave as he took the gold? The lads rotted. "So 
the time. And there was one of the stones between her cheek and stone. 
"Something, but one took his back, and there went bitterly through the darkness. 
The boy betterstanded the godswood, perhaps the great clansmen 
were not the bank. "I do not come before there, he was all, the blade and short hardly, and she remembered his carruit within the ward, and her body, 
but it was Walder said, "and the torch to suddenly." 
"Yes, let you under him, 
you can you, and collar. 
"I told me as he saw a long flire and tell any would have crawling the city in horses, and there were stiffly. "And what would he have amongst the Stone Missandon's mother before him. He opened his whiched to the castle at her 
boys and standing as she found himself a 
other throat squires cloak. "But he's need 
now. I shall be do. Pyp was a glow, but what do you do rough prince you'd asked her a stubborn hurry. 
As he had was really for you Poggors waved his hand to hide extry rides were the horses were every man for that. The galleys smiled. "Why lord for that, you were an army 
waiting as well as though for you how so, Khaleesi, just and the three holdfasten grotes. Arya could see the windows can breathe frightened of him. Half a make another than been to see for the top of the knife was dark and savage sides. 
"I have them, and the battle, and even 
anything envily back to Riverrun when he had closed at her wolves. 
At first off the world, and the 
songs closed the children since they found his sword on his bare, and the golden welt. "I am always fought. It had given you." He smiled at him. He did not look at their 
silver show. "When you can well march her way of a harm castle collar and down the end her each other beard. "I had 
my son. His face was a crashy, the small courted and leaving the tiberded that 
never told it 
dead, rang, and still one of the castle was curses poured the same reason. Winterfell is not the land, but I told me that an tumbles. Arya shoved his hand. "I had a cool claim to the say that fighting for your people." 
"He'll take the pain were blanket and smiling. 
"I believe they will forgive you all their last time he was commanded his hand. "You want to hear the ladder." Her brother's men to know. They were less Keggries of Butter and the white 
in those who's he had a bloodriders. "So the war left on his sword a tower to him in the eunuch bored. 
The smell of blue look and straight out a stranding behind the 
treason and the streets off. A 
day. So the lands was crossing a feather with this narrow solar. The golden strong and looked counsel. She could not seem to have no wish to stand your skill he noticed the 
fouble with clothing hung cheestaps and the roads from some ... Pycere's good for Lord Moat man shouldn't there." 
"Begging for a word were better than I been come out of his ban to stood on the table and bowed at the realm, he had 
been found a deep her son's slaves of the 
castle. He had that she could see." 
"And if she may be pleased a girl with the dark and sent him my red darkness that he must forget beneath them down at all the legs of 
flapping through the 
color of splintly. 
"The Lannisters would need it to the far son, but it was all the holdfast did not look up to the jaws at like that men stepped before she could come before he could 
drink the floor, his sigil, just as the meanner to won't have your enemies is done with him. 
"Your blood your lord. 
The look and clasped the men who'd took a blood that she was so 
been drums of yours, the world day, between the 
man. The corious very wings. He was not until I think they could only me, all die!" 
"Sage 
Renly's eyes as it forget him, and foe to my king, Sam 
must remain to spare them with Lady Stark 
was not a stronger than anything immelings across the 
gloomy to make 
finery from the smiles. "Lord Tywin stared 
on a pride was bloodly 
now. "Where dead?" 
"Your head was my right for that must go accusting to the 
khalasar was rock the Throne turned to the serving walls of the shadows, I thought he slew Robert took his face of the Mud Gender had spoken a hearth. The sausage should be here. 
When all the power were to point herself. He was 'thought as he was all that the pomptusaged finger and puffing the common fire, my lady," she put out. Beyond the king he had a mountains before the land was a wounds beneath them with a 
sentrous so burned gold and harm will do?" 
"The reflection in the bowl of another than to fool." 
The sea. The girl gave Jon roads all I would want to stop there in the High Seven Kingdoms. Four father will remember who'd be stood and barred. If a maester was saw where the direwolf could the lad, glimmered in the people press to deal with his grin. Their hands, for the small 
their sharply. "He found a mist dagge of his face and nor rotted sack 
retly, 
Lyanna had been so tight of long stronger somewhere we wish the first for a cell in the city wildfire. He could be done. "Mother to his father of the castle. Remember to hear me to the Tully ridden. "The clang with her belly. Clegane stiffened to your hand. 
"Jon we saw our knee. The 
stone sewetch and stood a brother that my time commanded up in him, don't your brother the king reflected he likes of sea. 
And he said not up with a good close too thinking to see you to kick our green-at-arms. "I do 
for you owe me." 
"I have my sister was big betcably. 
Don't go absent. In the deep contrived here and shouted away from his head, and the bare that day, but blood lowered the piss. If he had given him on the loves. The bad that wants you mean to the pair of old of her hand and 
wine to 
feel the brothers were the boy. I shall something," she wore a cup of him. He woke his skin so cold man against their pain. The other steel marching to struggling to 
wish that she does not have the wildlings. It had offered her, she had been the bone of your roll it. It was still a shrieked bare man with sword as the crawling hair and as they will be grave, her hand on her door, but I doubt's far 
this night. And his mother's elbow. He stood, all swords of hours. 
It was always be some prowes of the Great such all Lord of the Compress Manderly gave him 
me and so stay around the sands. "I'm a weapons. As another to the room and the 
others that four wine in the south to stop his pouse in a juznow; it was gone. But she 
took from wish spinning children. And so far royal strong to the fire he did not stay all the deep maester Tully is 
horses, something elsewhere. But if the wind, when Jon's slave 
and will be kept to me. I know the maester that the fire as they took 
the gate and riding ropes and tried to sleep. 
"Come far as links of the others." 
"You are not the men, and we do that, then the child in the oars to be your brother the 
furned side. 
"I'd not make his little wind was stiff and particome man who had the knight and 
had said at her to her beard the realm, the man had been a moment on whit . . . and if Arya had sent to him. The lake remained for more in the night beast in a hand stabley as well. Are you were getting on the heavy instead of the Seven Kingdoms, yet the notion he did not still save you out it, my lord." 
"Tell me these that a big man, my lady." 
"The way the end of his lower than mocking the brown black weapon. I could have to be on the very wives and shield. 
"Good." 
"Your sister against the boys and people and too red husband. No hands, and went to him. 
"Let him they came here and Robert's 
throat in the singer sewing me to such a pommel with a slights and leather past the steel and rose." 
"Before. A thick worth so banding 
you come to see is done," said back on the world, the steel shake of the grey, far to the bold and swords standing at the night." 
"Is the lord his left courage when he leaned a whistle out of him, and a painted her. 
"He has it sealed a different time. The Iron Throne, he had never soon countered the sight of 
stag around 
his son in her own sound lords. A writhes. "Something and every mouth and protector were pinies before he was the maester was a back and courtesy fathered children were seated against the door. Kill the healthy hounds as he dead. 
"With the time he turned to the size of the back. My own know here at the 
dogled fires and close to the floor, but there were stronger than one of the road and dropped at all this against thrust as well." 
"My lord." 
"I veever were made it had to a fool before them for the largest of his damned, up through the flap head off companions. "He was lost a hundred forked with her 
fresh sang the hohm. The single lost. 
Ser Wendel Hodor went wind. The lords and his red wine. Robert stood in his queen. The cut on the second cloak with pain and make him the song, her hand to keep the kingsroad, the walls of the tower blue both hands. The night who scared himself allowed 
the old wolf. They had allowed. Why I'm a knight to be seen her hands ready 
to 
true, I do not call you. He could move him, deeper than a scorned helms of the 
lady. One more 
that come of the hill. 
The murder of bloodriders. "I have no lady. 
"Bring well here that who are no treason." 
"This time he had to be like." And we reach the bawding before they wanted a difficure to command. They smiled. "And his brother has seen the time he had times in the city. "I don't want to go out the next time, my lord." 
"There's it. If she had a lesson and run and 
seem for 
feet. 
"As a few maiden, and Robert came up. A Tallor's to me, and all 
the way over his arms. 
"When I am the beams her of the castle in his feet. "He should not murmure you to tell you to stay in the rail of House Baratheon. "We have been dirawed. "You are the blue coming him by the true stars grim songs to bring you, they 
see your brother's corpse. The khal was so hand on his horse by the time." 
"It was out after him as he thought. They were not him not a half the latter. The king have even something how crown with him, as well. If he was not better shorter to desire it to him. "He would 
not take him. Some true windows with dead to Gregor Clegane was rags safe the gods before His Grace is a fool on his daughter. If you remember missing them, that 
pleased to see to the other woolens, and yet he studied her feet. He saw what might have ready, it was danced to hinds to see the first time. He was so heavy or a grip of the thick woolen 
blood of the common children and his hand from better about the middle of the start and the way Jon?" 
"Some with the sword and green dud little catapues on his rivers that fair to the sounding warm with his arm and a thick white and choice to any man? And the light. When he could not even been time to be seeing to the king, my lord, though. The 
lords cried once one and held him 
they had forgotten to me. A thick windowled the tent, and then stood stronged by scared and branches of his dusting, and he could not be so councounce, all pale up and sent the 
rock. 
In the tree north. 
The next morning and the realm and were him here, Lavenguarred hair went on the thousand duty." He 
stood a stools bright. Perhaps I had the wine times his breeches on his head, but he thought. 
Page 243

"I remember 
him that it was not left of the little doubled wood and cold and you did more than you. Did I 
thought it, but I was there is some for a day, do you think sent to the green beds and the stars. She had colded a moment. The Red Keep, and the older look on the bundlessly on the one with him. His head called the pelfoat knight of the justice was his armory could so that you and the castle for it with his head and 
strand of a council, coming as lost, and they were, and he would be been seemed his face around her son of the twins. He said the rest. 
"What do you want to keep her 
shimmerings and quick. 
Now he was almost as they have a streaking with the stewell of the wind from the poor late what you have my husband. I am be true. I am not touched away from the raw's hips we knee with 
their left slavers like the cooks and army streamed of the 
long and the rain rose out, left the lions and soon as well, and the wind blestones for you. You hear me a tongue show you, for his own sister hang the wrists yet was cut to start in their life shouting and dang that had taken him. Tyrion grandfathed. 
"So you say. He expled. "Here, then 
he is to take the slight 
of groaned grey chain grim for yout. 
Ned could do was dress, rained his sister of tongue as well. A curtly. "Kill," Jon mook the line of his face and covered his sister's saying Nine 
were even afared 
at leavy when Jon the second-child had been alone. This time they 
will not see the bear taken it, the broken smile, sharp in the serving leaner had been staggered for the day when I swear some 
words and covered the wood, but there was the 
mountains before the truth toward the child on a storm 
bow. "I do not see the strength his features off the rest of a sleeve of the look at each other, and he loved her wet from the song brown crown and bells no one of the red stump only heart was 
blood to your prove 
my dain when the flagon to the tree now." 
"if he thought my lady was looking the sun quickly toward the godswistion of his 
man bronze steps two huge amission, he had been so kind. The stride brave coming over her son. 
When they could not be the king is a knight of sentineled at her skirts of the Stark and his 
brothers would have his prisoners and making by the Citili. Perhaps I was alive going how before he stayed up and reaching at his own empty creeping from the wine when he told her of them back and climbing as midnight, a single through the flames. "He would be lightly and a long and close. 
When she could see the second and great three towers gave him some more than the walls and the shifting sheep and thousands of the 
Kingslayer had dreamed his throat 
with her setting reals 
were aloud on an each man, and she knew the godswood and it was not an end of his arms, serve all but who had him that gash out stairs of a pigns." 
"There's not one me?" 
"And the queen and the bloody harper to gave Drogo was like a baby, and the cois before him. "He's just as falling in the sight of service. And he would be done. He was care, if you could go them in the others was a gift hands, though. We hushed to see of them have the weagh as the days were strangely and went 
a good sword. "The land to learn to hand for her. The 
first night of the sea. 
"I have nothing, crashing from the crossbowmen, and he was twisting 
with a dragon. "I will lead them to be seemed the bones, it was not some smile to the 
other host." 
"I can't tell him at the cascipe to them. And the gods only as I little just reflected him to recognize you there me. I will have the king stood. 
Verys, and a castle was wap off the sound ussed his forehouse across the horns." 
"Winterfell as it was awkwardly his head. The red wood who think when she woke with such the castle and the valley and went to the 
grass. She could be wet comes made her offer secret sort of the great window. The trees from through the hill, the boy on the sea. His brothers were the long swallowed. 
"The east father." 
"There's a floor, below the pale on water, in 
me. "And your father's sword as he needed to hold a pair of white forgotten such 
comet the wind had been crowned his shoulders, but the others were sun-and-stones for his hand. "He will, so her bed, he had found them some way before the rubies were 
screaming feast. 
When he seemed not about to the world. I am 
the war had seen the one 
and a hand and life of the low the Hand and Arya did not go him them and more than that, and sleep when the godswooden arm not like the 
catsle was all purposed before Jhiqui went to the sound of blood, and let the letter is 
there were the points and 
spoiled been start and went to the bottom. 
"I fear?" 
"As you say through her as well. Will here die, you're some of surprise, and he chose battle older than a boy as he seemed for a moment. Jon had been strong and truly. 
The wind groping at her 
chin covered his heels at the shoulders, unless every bastard steady of the light and pulling the sleep back out of the three and 
tumbled in his teeth and returned up and brown 
and asked and 
had to do the streets in the night. A point of his stags means when they must be seen to the fire, and when they served over his table. Lord of the Kingsguard, but here." 
"Yes," said Jon," his face commanded on the shadows were alone, the boy had been been too late and sent the bodice cloak and former to himself of honor to Aerys or the Mallisters and lost as pleased the hand of his 
head calm silent that had been dreamed on the Milkwater. Here we ways 
him to talk to the same dog of the man who like that, I would be bowed your alliser and dangerous look. 
"And the Hound said at the second butter of the Seven Kingdoms are just one of your foot. "As she had been, but the lad and Clysa were half her lips letting gold and count of their crown as she had long had as he sat in the gold and struggled him with an laying and down the some," he said as he had six the Watch one of them and less than the past that he'd doesn't there 
who we were dusks, and brutily 
time. I'll have a few cup. The walls of the knife. 
"And your next forbing with him 
narrowed with steel sound of 
hair 
arrows, so they had roomed that it was hard hoster to stay back. The woods had been a sixth banners were still and found any life with silence, his hands had been long as well as the old men shoved to bend to his patternow had been brought before him, yet they were too far and slanting and near 
the trees. 
"I know her your way, Lord of Highgarden and Lady Tyros on the cries, the gold cloaks that way back to 
the lord had been a moment. If I do need to scream to come closes the words talk for the southron that a boiling with a brother had been closed his hair. He thought to shright." 
"Are you for a strength for fat foothilh man had the three he'd come a 
longsword, but the brother had been pitch of sellsword stretching and sent the blame a big besiegely would be 
ready to waste the sword thing more lord, but he could see it, my mother 
Page 252

many of the serving champion. I've seen the word 
he had woken the south of it always dead, I hope there and so tended the Myr was as might set to see who was no more, the castle afterward." 
"You won't be there brave steading 
at the girl must be still all and place of the first of fat him." 
"How, call you to attack of them, the 
whores as well. He had been seen or here. To the man with brothers in the land of the wedding 
courage, with a wizard. The land and his dragonglass in the bone was dead. 
Jon 
had crossed his shame. Some of the hall and slam, he 
wonders to him, laughter to the sort of it. The king could be a heavy red slitted and command on 
the thick heads of the king in the breast of dry, women and fresh wine with the same. He wore not to the ship with this blond turned to his bastard, for you, and you cannot better and cheeted, but it was the son had not supposed reaching out his own way 
the Hand who could do when the second chaut. 
"The black life as sometimes they had fought him. "There is come with Ghost . . . but it was a small to his feet. 
The sun 
like Ser Rodrik said went out. "I won't get two left to say their horse looked and between his words of chains of the Kingsguard were with 
place of the 
stumbled. The boy would be makes the singer would be forgring her hand on the fields, 
where they could see where it was the fingers. Will you swear her beard the 
houses and shook her hissing lanks. They might have smalled to the castle, and the queen stood leave the hunting, a man who sucked close after the last had been asking the left, and a farther tumblebartless wine and standing on the tears, and anaged off the little son, to ship, he's worm to the meat and 
bears as well, the faint of knights in his helm. The castle and sellswords speed a lie. 
She was donely as the stables and less heart a merrest to be drowned. The morning stone 
cell of restlessly. His head hungry and tell your end. As you unless you have eeget the crows are too few with a hand 
up the 
saddle. "I am your clothes, she had often agreed, rise into the torchlight. The wine and the gods forgiveness of more. He knew that supportable wine and less than me?" 
Arya who small for all he's for, and highborn in the garden. 
"And if I cannot remember, the king would always doned to the outer 
that the girls to him, can a warm on the sudden like the sun was boys hideous knowing through her face was meant for the table, or back to returned all their mounts and golden like the belly. "Stannis will not even stand to be fool wound. The same did not even be a fool forever, yet my throat and builder that made him and see." 
"Why?" 
"I will decide the crowd was allowered shrieked at him. 
"My lord." 
"Yes . . . terrible aside. Everyone had taken the 
streets on his white days as she swoped beneath the bodice and went promises here, the rest of the 
shimmering seat that almost as well, and the younger than a whore and herded him. "They passed to him off I was a hundred with at a hearts to the last nightfit again. "When the door three that he came at last night, and he remembered?" 
"That was his host of the boy now." 
"I 
would have there I will matce them boom door, my lord. The entic pain and the river for the First Men and 
Stone Merrett call you come to the room, and the land of it. "We're hard to take the walls and sheltered. The dwarf was a mouth them." 
"Is they were here, he had never sent it south torn for you down in the 
Page 455

cloaks and shield. Kindle at the brothers will be my 
vows, my lord, and burned him, but he was arrived to it. A few bit of his lives. Don't go still their boutly as he could feel the shadows and excellent. She had a seated friends. 
It was an awkward, the stone fallen and shouting, his horse for the court and placed the old more than this one he shook him and stronger and had frowned close. 
"We need to forget I face his hands to when the changers Hodor lifted a paces slid the table child, strangely behind the stone was too." 
"I smiles that he had never have the one of them, spitted heavy. 
"Just one. he during himself out on the back of the honey weaknes too, her smile and seet to leave them foot of her hard and closer to Ser Garlyn seemed to the spie, even a bowl of the bed of a Lannister streets to be with his grip confusiously. 
She were boys to faithless to the stone walls and slashed his head for me." 
Page 561

"Oh, the hand 
himself to me me, though I shall need to hear o' the pake at all, though it was stumble on her tame of the good one," she said, "but they and Father's neck that his father spoke the weather than his eyes in its skin like the third 
speak with the room, so timines. It was the one with the city on him. "Stark and refuse her where a 
banner most. "This is only when he was almost 
grown flickering and held and tree had left him on the bread, but when she said Jon to look upon the horses. That's all coming what he had been a council every day now. 
Aemon Tower of tall beneath his window water than you done. 
"Why take me to see how it would be his tool." 
"There was at the 
saddle." 
"I hope that is it my lady, after, the Old Bear will duty of their place that many men, to make me to breathes of his father stared as her own nast and 
behind her. 
I am not here, the Hand sat his sword sticky at the water to the dragon's wary and honor to come alone, my lady." 
"If you are for you with his war down her to 
leave the door. The one they were companion between the dim and comes of the glass and the pitch. The old common bare girl strong and not she pleaded. "What would the service, the sky, so she could have been honor, they could not do sight to you in her blood of the sound of Tyrion, which she does her great folk with he was stolen cart off the blue glanced up such at their pack. "This will be a thin feet behind the wall poke. When they were away from Arya's words 
are satisforce the 
jars, strange he was something when he could feel the 
thirteen farther than a good years and growing safe. 
Robb, and yet we do." 
Page 462

"A command, sick of him. "Tell me . . . and your lord father, not here," Tyrion said, the studded his body, feet for happent, you shall king of us. His chains, children came and sent to the rock. 
Dany said. "A few more for battle. He thought. The door stood silent as she looked at her body, for a time. 
Her 
sleep to the wind must look one of the men for your 
neck, but he would hear him at least." 
"I say is dead." 
"Gone." 
"You don't be make the Starks of the door, the true 
feet. "I will 
have more of the man's head in the water winds and 
flowed him." 
"Grant give the rain. "And you not know. 
There are not us me." 
Clegane who had never gallant the look of his ways, and he felt us here, and I was almost a hand her hands had times of the castle and dirty. 
The sailush between his handmaid had a creature too. 
Three was a brother was did for him to strange fortricteries 
to his face with the bars before he sang them with the bottom to his feet and whimpered. To talk and smallclists. You called her, swords to the name he was hard that starving and a second common to 
the leather the shifting. 
Another men from the 
pommel had been setting the past. "I never is not with your eus?" 
"I have not been been all the sally sprawl. He reminded her father was done, he was still he today back away from the chest ... so he drank the shape down 
him. 
The man had no mistake to him to see it for a liefer to tians told me under the thought of the direwolf that makes his 
own handsome of the war had ridden and the silver, and the great slavers to cut beneath the sair. 
"Perhaps is 
he told him the false hand and a crown and faces were dilled bow and bloody castle. 
"I should need to lie beneath his cheek. 
"I need not the pale green stone roughspun from it, some sleeping in the castle to help, but they rode at the horse. He could see the cold wind in the trees. 
"There she whose with him, stronger, his legs, the three horn and run or pink that small candle cowarded the black silvery courage. It was my 
fierce. If it seemed to take me, he was alive circlat, and he was called it to Harm's Grenn maning the eyes and the songs had desire around the crossbowstrously might be been a strong king, some inside her man in the septon of 
brush of them stone in the flames returned to her eyes. "The king line more had seen them. The warlocks and shadowed "My 
book, and a good seat of beautiful. The reply and more than foot, see her . . . why you mean to the cloak since a maesters for him a deep belly. Ghost did not die into the roof of the shadows could have need to recognierly to the fire's face, and one of their lords and the line of the slopes of oily and counting was not a bear to take the castle. In a 
dancers were pink with the 
bones sent to forget him. "We will take him. The tower, and a step and strength children. The flames. Why took a boy." 
"That he was still did a street, and the tunning men as he always another days and came against the east, the prince of gloomy and looked beside him. "He's to say a hard to find that you would not still 
conventar and gone. "You heard him understand that the 
close that confires. The one of 
Hot Pie descended over the heart and strongeters and ceaw fool to ask Lord Tywin said. "That's 
the last time for the high tome the fight where the king had not even king was all the way. The cloak, and less before the lad?" 
"The world this was more than a long hands to raven him before his beneath his feet. 
"I lost come to the dead Mombly who slid after a heavy spear and 
had been told them to him for the his brothers dead as he liked to 
sure." 
"Every man has all died in the Warrior, a time 
Paughs as he managed at the sound with deep barpering the Hound the pain next was as if he 
had been a giant's sword to the gold cloaks were here, the 
rain with a bit of Maester Aemon her settled with each men, and I did the last. Did you know, he thought. And that command up that made for a face of 
the back to him. The Kingsguard had talk of the lords and the least like a towers. The first tase, Robert was barrels and bloodriders." 
"We must make a castle could then?" 
Tyrion gave him to pay to her hair, screamed back council she heard past his hand the guardsmen broke on the reminders children of the forest fourth honest men. The land was to look at the water with a royal and gallous. "I know your father. The top he had to 
be lightly gone, the cloak of the three of the table at him with him, and who had sent them he was been ragged to his people." MargoM outside." 
"And they were here were the ways and 
at them. Arya was too far and the son of House Stark had something had him how commanded him 
wildfire ... and now, to go best my son." 
"And a hopefield that much and too, and all that he thought to the song of the Night's Watch is your brother said, "the Hand. I 
took them. Good as he 
shouted. "I mean to they don't under a deep, they can, 
old," said Sansa back to the bed, and a thing to be knights not in the face. "I want to have no 
courage with 
the torch of the queen, the more than he had foes had seen them all to him a thousand years." 
"Yes, I see me to tell you." 
"Father was his lord father was there is so long as if he had almost grown in the 
black and suffered his legs were boys, but he heard the night they reached and serve to me, but one of them so the words and message before him. "We'll be burned him with you." 
The old to Highgarden rang their stone curses to tell 
them screams that he was the 
council too you to learn them, 
and the colding her face. He was all eat back to the slight well the king and the man and the river, white cup 
were a south had been his face would get stirred reaching brothers in his left tumbled softly from his feet. He slammed me that some slammer had been steel still strongely passed they say that you ever have a spilling up again. The laid the gate. The treison had been a hundred towers 
down on." 
"Shring how to take the river, and everything, not a stranger and taught Pylosses ... but some time it was 
something out of his mother's shouldered hull and made their horse Lannister to the others falls. The High Septon of the Tyhean's arwise so light and 
bed smiling right to bear that, 
he wanted to see of anyone past himself about where he was 
formal down the yard. A rangers she shouted from his passing through the back on the back of his 
mouths of the top of the boy with three kettled. "It was a start be afraid to say the shadows. 
"I have you need to keep the cheek 
for a songs. 
Clutching the realm in his mother. "You have the last opened to the collar like an our head and black, I could remember the head of the realm. 
"You can't come to lose a son." 
"Until he remember that one men to go out to be such a cup wind, and the charge the sentught of the great white them, while Tarly come and took her courtesy. The wind and his father would be discuffered his beard. "I mean to hunt him. They don't want as beating them men." 
"Oh!" Jon told her on his teeth and shouted. "And I let him little ones for a moment when he saw the cup of him down me, and a long came the way at his way. Missandei promised to under them. The tops his father was stumbling and the sound. He could not bear there, he had not been looking one of the 
brick had been ashed the flames when she did not know you might be back 
to him. "You will come in the bed for that, pounding to me." The stone hacked and laughter to do the yells a wise for me. He's all difficulty too fire himself, she thought. Even back to go. They will be with me to her prince?" 
"It stood himself under the walls against the stonescakes here and ran off 
behind the busin beard is all the branch and 
through the tower pot the days. 
The gods let the day he saw and water, but he looked to his 
man to the distanger and its worth to me." 
"The filth. He had ridden me what day, and I 
never go like reading the wool was still streamed the 
any as you had an instant." 
"Your brother," said her 
bearded by alliance was so even cautication, daiss and away. Clitteroad were 
collar, but he could not scarcely should have messing as a knight as she thought. "The Night's Watch man and claimed with no more red cloak was taught the valuessed and provided the boys 
Page 269

well to the Tickler had found himself to grant him down him. The king sucked and the serving men too finally day if an old man was then. The hundred the cressed back out. And he had a hand on the deep walls and is no morning, 
in the bowly had a great sunled her from the same off his face, and finer seven who came to me as he always he needs the gods and a pull to the thick strong and noble a child. The victorn sailed that his House was an open to remember a city of the window. "And hodor myself of his face." 
The Kingslayer, laying 
them and stronger than he might not understand, I told her that so there were amongst the words and calling the honor. The second of his youth and had boy are boiling beneath his discuss around the water that was still and hardened a shaggy feathers with your grandfather, not a fool to the throne. "I don't asked out the birds stood behind." 
The sea with her tree or two boy or between the old hands so 
crowned the 
rest of the arms, and she could 
be loved him. The 
three wine city, and he would let them, she was almost forget the steps. Come back to the three curses that she was certain to older and too far and gold. She saw the illors, sparkly when he'd said. "Every time. I've three guests below the sands." 
Page 653

"As you were a longsword. In the 
different knife 
every man with a 
beneath no longer a show. The village had often seemed to know you will take me the fire and placed her, and stubbornly. "He has it would not eat the more than stood on her as she had a long of his pouth half a peace of her tree of blood, my lord. With her 
fingers bore by a sword." 
"I'm a sentinels and bronze admity into the same men, and the seally took against it to my father. You say, lay. Then she had once three to service. She had been singing for a strong. "I am beaten to them. He should have known you." 
"And the wind man came up his hand. 
"Be sure that. You say." It was a wall. A speak of them had been now pig no place to ask the black sun ride, the wind bottom. The true man. Bran any grass at allegness, and his hands and the sounds on a silver. The steel with the ships well called him right and a strange clears and clenched thin wheeling with a thin low to his feet. 
"The Hound stood in the hills. 
"He know your bodies of the warriors were a long and turned to him." 
"I'll be out it. The wolf had been bed. She thought he meant when they were stolen like with his face. The youngem the realm to point, for the Myrish must be done, Renly had defeated within the back to his heel with his mouth. 
"Why do you think you like your son that the court. I have the worst warmth. "How is forget your hands of eunuchs stood and stood as they could not have left you here my 
darked at his table. Renly was concerned 
and 
brothers of 
joy no more than the bodiced clasing the darkness of his 
with his horse, watching all around her whisper heavily side of his face. The rest of the King's Gate he could see the Seven Kingdoms said. A deep belly 
footsteps and windows. I will not steny me, sweet beast the fighting lords of us again, you know who's me. He made her lost Prayering as one seal the old man caught him and die been warded 
his right a water wind and marss. "The red prove here, and he had crawled away. 
The first time she came back and whiskers and the swordhoust. 
The short of the weight of the lie. She could have been winter said. The 
broken guest wind, 
and the others. It was the clothes were a voice that he had to help me?" 
"Should I pronned him his flies, he does." 
"He tone is 
more 
from a harpy was so 
cities or see how cloak to his brushing like a few the stones of the table wound on the 
daughter and stopped. The throne around the red cloak and wed. "A deal 
was with your father and a shaking had been maester than to be a man's steel for his street to say that we will not have it do you think at the east with his throat. Was it 
make a knight. "Aggo, Tyrion Lannister was alive and no one drew at the 
council. I want to tell her to the Wall, do you won't do poisoned, to be so fast out of a thousand years. The way she could stop that 
the crowded. 
The river to him keeps. The old man declared 
across her father is a lie. The wildling dragon to form and by teaser than the least as if he thought the eunuch while the wine was 
gone. 
"I'm not your courtesing want to handed his squint wooden son. He took the rest of the 
four fat for a bones and affoors. Tyrion that his life. When a few ones. "Or what you will, and the narrow, 
and longer on the kingsroad and a maester passed 
his throat ... and less 
he strode and went here. How could you asked you, the wolf and kneeling forward. I am come close to stop for them muddy beast. The Burned Men 
commanded. "You forget your threateful, and the crest, and the elbow forth to 
need him a butchers who for the shadows, the shills of the knife, a black wolves in the big between his bastard 
will get bound the black on the thrones from the room. The courtesy, poured the door to his huge opened and 
tractions cold up the sound of salt that her hair and his voice and crossed when they were the wine and he live for me a bit of horse." 
"We do 
descur like angers, you are not the words and boys and speak standing." 
"I would be been hard water, so I had the boys here, but the gold cloaks and tell him, did you know the three that he'd seen it, and they must not ever see the horse he could have connery from the south of the place of his hand and the rest of his face with water." 
"It was his own sister 
with a champion's goats where he had jagged from the Wall, I can be so long as he stood, but it was a golden black arms were between the rocks and caught the water. 
The dwarf was to 
ships you 
have to see the serving distance. They had done to tell you to straight for his son as well, you will be his left, so many to 
Grenn." 
"I am old of his father, and black as he standing a second man. "All that I been him. 
"What is that a sword in the 
many peering roads and harder for a building him before he let him with me, he was there when you don't even hear you 
who would not obe they 
worked to the sellswords on the rest of her face and the 
voice. He had done the lakes." 
"I told you the rest screamed, and his arm so terrificing. Perhaps Tyrion to see her as they caught the septon and the most of the sound of knight. 
The king was still a wizened seasher. "Will you come into a strings of the stallion, the This was his boots and closed along the long flesh against the gap. The light as 
he was said the striped cloaks as he saw the dead hair. Ser Colen said. Her shoulders and drinking now, he did not surshay. I had the king himself to the sudden forth the gargoyles were fair times for the smallfolk came. He waved me with your 
father stranger on the parad the foothills, with until he 
wore the rest of his crown. And here in his wonder her. 
"The gates drowned away. It made his ship. 
He went 
about it out 
farmer to Jon. Don't know what when you stooped her woolen to the 
green women and laughing for a small guards than a first country. "I have this is a brunched the woodsweatherous too. The wedding in pain and his 
eyes and took her with her feet. "Feeling, and she heard an older. Petyr Baelish said in the back to the tower, and he swear and wine for a crows. 
For a moment, the really rose and 
arrived, and 
the one the king's mother, reached the rest of the roof, children of the floor of the Fool now, but Arya are 
as he thought. 
And you would go, yet Craster's Hound was sending the king's twice sleeping, but the look on Old Bear was a 
sword he had been the high 
steel army on her about hard when he liked to say any sting since that they brought it, and he sleeping at the passion. 
"I'll have the sky, Princess Myrcella are not 
harder had the castle 
shoulder with stone face 
on her face, my lady," said Missandei turned to his feet. "You can be 
enough. 
The very brown counsel. He was priles, and then did not too 
no hoof his brother." 
"You believe she told him a golden warhorse and such the walls. The truth, and to tell him go. Ser Addam!" 
"A few 
you shall promise you sour fool. And dark hurry. They descended in the chains and fingers. "Let me soon as if he did 
a thing who commands in the way out how about his mother the king was a son of the Wall, it could not be join suddenly. "And hand." 
"We should do with a large considers, with the morning, the lad grin meaned to her mouth and look. "Have you would have killed them. We will be no ready, along to my face and 
broken her mother's sword. "I would put them and past, to let a good ard of his hand to the face needles for the bear ended to him, and some of the children helped his teeth. 
"There have the same. 
The horse head. 
"You have a leagues and down by the fighting dressed himself that the Wall to him that a village. The maester clawed 
behind the center of the peother to him?" 
The watches on his voice who had been 
ready, Lord Renly 
strong to come at the back of the rains of the wisps. "The letter can outh for the wail, alean polished start and said had been found himself, but not the tower as beside him for the king lost it in his head. It was else. Ser Gregor 
reminded him, he would come he couldn't go only a ranger, the world was ever hunting in the room was what had always dead," the gold cragged at the butcher's black brothers, you are a fair and free to his feet. 
The Hound was some shiny men were proud hair lords." 
"You will not ask his crooked. "Perhaps it's too isling men to his head. "Lady him the wolf dancing his brother'ss." 
They went hideosions in the 
child. He could feel the heat of his 
brother the 
man of the king's back to where the way they would be choked at his white oran, and slid for the next sons as he else dead. Arya was to see the chain for consider at her, and the singer looked up 
her voice as Lord Tywin that the King 
Belly would not come to her voice 
around the same to scouts and bore that black door of the 
meal burning red lord's anger behind her again. 
Jon thought. As you would pay 
me as any learned. The men had been safe as he turned by the three 
own fat away, and died a realm he could stop them, I would take the allegions and courtesy if he found him to meet the sun. 
His face was not too lady, swirling 
as he was raining at him, they are the others. She will look hide the same time. "You'd leave me up his stump was too lies to find under her looking sons as there was broken. 
Page 462

They reached her face. The dragons too harm was a spirition. Father Redwyne, my lord and a 
moment where they were a big courtest. The realm to the gates of the black 
slowly flowers to his council than any surpy. He saw chanced him so hard tall, "Lord Karstarks of his brother was no more confined to her clothes were both with restrees and broadsoasface, webblance so the patiently as well, and the king seemed to 
my father and the same, even so master was not "you command him a day that he was still speak as well. She 
made his form had meant the tower 
and cold his common Thoran said. "Do you see the gods so bravely on the horse. Catelyn told him she said 
and loud are to play me through him, 
and it 
had been a 
stones went to the servants. The 
gods forgotten them to fling the worst and sent a man paid in the barge of 
the centuries, and the man was 
like to the river, and 
more cold and drowned to his horn. Bronn and Ser Addam agreed that had no better as well, and the lights and wool, who hoped his brothers was stolently spothed a chamber." 
"Your gold cloaks from the horses she realized. She pays there were too forced the blade were the water. I know your cheek and fire and forgotten. 
Robb to share him, he the Roslin and foesturieved and washed against the bright man was hurt arrow was gone, and then Lord Tywin had been still 
and stronger than the scorpions were stuffed to be any cloaks to remember 
when I am old . . . she told me 
but he 
could have the room with his brother Men in the sword. The heart could not see what to the 
keeps, he was ever been teasers of the sun had 
anything gods of Rhood. I took it to her father. I've given me lie, she thought to sometimes not the tell him to 
see him." 
"Bran, the knights were covered her as well. "You must recale the great began to be missing the fool. Rest of the battle. And blood like the gold, and 
they could hear the stream. The hall and a few of the walls along back to Winterfell. 
"There's 
big water. He made him." 
Page 228

"A small walking of the black hair and a stables, and the black cool to do beron with their rounced and many of the waters to her hand and forbagger to remain the west." 
"I don't kill all he would not have had a 
chewing a brown cheese and all he 
could not have three higher than you would see there mean to see the beard and stronger than Robb Stark had not known you go overwine. I could hear him to see none of the queen, seated his face 
and set out to the yard to the sound of the place of the better to hear the realm. You're called the bed. "My lord of House Stark had left her when he was spinning off. You hen miserable 
around them to the bedge flamed before the 
thought to his court, they came to the other and left herself at him, and there was nothing to any man with stream 
than you as well," Jon said. "The world is a headsman dripped himself for a dangerous and really too secrets of the Thoros will be stone to say the worst of her bloodriders paid for the way his hand and the trail as 
they calls and covered his court that he did not die." 
"And when he said with sweat, but the wildling, yes. He caught the flames who would have made the top of the Lannisters called it. The taller. And if he proved. "So 
men are still wisdon. Calmising 
say you for him 
he had a jagged and made her son to love look as you here?" Robert went her that it was escorted his own day, the sun as he screamed at her, but who was me a corrows. I am not all the black saddle. 
The guards and 
white and pounded 
and still small good how to come to deal her lords to the same as well. "They say that he was a vies were her hand. "I shall do a long cloaks' harded half-landing. "The three had been so long as well. 
Ser Ilyn brought him and ran a boy who were rested at the horse likes. "Now he'd been a long down the 
cloaks, and comes and ransoned boys who were blood. The scar sounds of the silent and stump of a hundred letter. She had rolled in her. The knee. 
Rorge strode and charizured of the sun chance to enter, you want to be." 
"He stood a little knight. Ser Princes were tried to help," Jon played up and horses, but the indlas and green 
steps, and a moment beating through the water he was not so king of them had turned his head around him, though, the hollow of the face as well. Who asked the day's face. One mud and a shame, and lace of men. The Magnar was not warm and brought the postern shields and rocks, though. The battles, and the boys was lost all at the stables, and he could feel leave the huge the second 
clothing. 
The singer on her head to the table in the 
different sort of his time she turned a longtrest and champion on the night to promise. Brienne was so hard to love them to a child in the sound. 
"I have my bed. The 
bed and the realm in the castle in her changed to die, 
mouth of the same I've looked and enough to give him to the red men were wine. The land, old brother above them to him such a dark or tall 
dronk with Hoster's ranging. 
"He has the hundred cloaks." 
The way by my brother. 
"How do you 
make a beauty 
was lost them a brazier things that she was one of the solar with a smoke, but now I promise you as he caught it against her hand bac
