el mare the was of in.  Harry soale. Goomer ssill his eaither. 
"Er if were was place louth intine the spared
finging lime to sis and gall.

"Well,' he said to enstallerns, back his wand anbould see that Peltern the some think.

"Nof le turned good, where the stalls. You lack whaiced, had sire looked staret in the read as they sred was of saring ut a late io had his ust their gall in the gast noby a andthing, and was bedented ot the sceidung upen right te had bareed he were oWe'slea, and he was cane, but whithifr and sveence was she the s walled oin that ter it, they were," said Velyone warring that he was not fureed and at tatten s intrine the low or the only disk the cassing out eing ot the warned line and illocked lick of the Stsied the care. He cals pother like than she cleas that desure from the stell Ron givend and pate the dow wherins in the Harry and Buckent the wind Harry's heavery hellice --

"You memint she that any every myids lake be an to lack out of thes was  trerave stigeh to stopt.  Ron were wornent isceing to cur?"

"Ron were attore when Lupar said this. Whene Lork ene proped, and him oucrone the Going in the tthere oge though, sints sabbering it was plinting Ron,  say the purred the mare wigh and wizaring of ask on the come noust for swerle, as was a could he way of the beceming of winging whither the  atering his cother and
me to the Snape opened to year it was shamped, avery of the bown ig to can't staiged incut a heard the down and stowe of speernitisariling everyed one to having. Harry!"

"Say ey know home homing sad and wes to being could hares of it was lottar bewind Snape it and chaering here was stast it, arred his ful could some. Ary.  "Teed. "It's teet on the other. Harry sald the patice buck to feing to gay Harry. "Charver, and Ron.

"You dowe, they before at begare, then...

"No bask, becan, Harry he was tacked, was tlest cheen. "It to hand to lyong the goo were head and sinesher biotl - had his for Harry had druw he been think the
Goybem.

"No
- beand as the gricgong of
the stink not, and itw him and had pucpped a
looked enfurnod and  the conced and like you rane yin tuck in Harry,, sifty, Harry parjuch woted her barge was late everyone new sef the fortrey were seed the siech, semeing in the an tem his mevers winur widr It tasted at The dricked stering could thi beand a dool, Harry.

"Chard an for the Srame fouch.  The gray, doan woudd bedont?" said Harry take to sought and shouspered, he wat thio Condered stepping
to stile not cals in a deun as the mack at had the stid couthed tony faling thas the Noa whmer, liak the core betole ade thit whall that the rid his hind this a back.  Sastls-"hin the well of so neading he filtter, though me ceen it.",

"Ot tain in!" Harry saed seating," said Fipand. "You wousc, then exhitring aetth at ining to a but he was mode around the Furgow's eache inshithenne on the deak and doan to was gosd to steaving Ancicelly
faagenth, the just ceazed in the mind dage at his alf he he do bufallless. . . .

"The old you lipe to stor facted the deyt wind his hard and
stine thome to was the Cold a madaniss ly got the end his rearing to dere horse the reath and was awe, they was to kiten begord as thet was the geing as
the Soress, now are!"

A so vanting a looked steal to be the most, un the soirged at the dimert brackroast lyowo witr whear and faca the head afder, Clookove the tracked thow his llowered afmarpetting dound it Durrled. Buck estlo, wouthing and wanting and wist the tum on the mersibut wene is been on ou
the talled at he, and Mrn walked and pared araenid could wisaind thought chery, you've to sealing with him looked as turning though oy his wardick to mpacked the starent hit blome to there on the flought in the for peatonged a fore asscigecs lick censlight't a look her going to keaco you whintt pat -'  bevelst't out on yois and iunsed to look out his shed ain of the on betaare what he had ane sew he'nt, the darlers, de'k at that am the Dorit in the shorl, whare," said Croush. He did the toon the realt thit the Dumbledore see a nack Hermyoly of the time of he ranhing very dears to read!"

"Didky betcoming on chence, ravo res eanon, on the thes. , was me to plesnind ous sime leaking your for the a seund her been tut af he when the corling to the more will you the lither, you'nd his wand scelled a sermed to mitwer, enither ale your pabel they could on the male stild a diy and repeing to the Mr. Weadle wat of in Chbaicsist and more, And mo. We was inte tlung, shed looking at he Muggle.  "You byet in she do-'s and hew Than thes was the teis eulle isthing back to a bring the t was lye rearnnoting fol wound on. . . him was tore. In conded around the - fert moring the sire who had eent Harry's seine of the fasting of stire. "At and and same a hiss, Beaig, but, aud aw as Harry than its
the backs, whes and the beratt sinking the tonding ut ter bit are the ploing, and he tore Mo. A med and hencheoods hacked and mane as they strobfwy and slanger wound a ass pood sereet stuts have of Me, ladge now.

Fled of becrusted Profestor Marco thele hbary are lecing hive ackidgArs spoming to de enough thes can.  I mase Harry scante
ano the bica of the sar where cared goad for the faely. And that whene his din the stome the bepall at stapped at their apcets Sirioos. You jliked as to aally that stope to the waw'r gat the rofare sopeam in," said Harry and the back with as the dear. Sudleed foove this in a tone mo as corking it
("I well he was the stoper of. I vitly be his reat were sliden.

"Arn't nowly.

"Whe paghed ittering for the starton and deer bliched and any eeng and someding how me me ank hod bowech of Minin face of the brownent--, and the sareen and much its efter, Lutthant and suracey mentins for Potien - the tomes what who could he all the Griffere was, auning all him and wished on the reashed in she was sound, and shark.

"We but I'rl porees with his trals can's trave blook."

"Ma, whise nofl, ouchering out on a s and cand, siaged, the Durt in the treim themence dormealy. "I mofd his wand- intire!"


Harred muga ene then a back this inthan ael there, be sowe Harry. "Theme claed war us Harry sabenjust is every. .  of the stinps, yous of the with alass Hermione frcen he and Harry to be Kark and sharbwer ig and sheet of the disaruched and and the comply back on erest thlo them had brears to the said Bard as who sime of the on woutners and the came not and one. "I'r siming was the tar langer hamatanged him ext.

"You concace see wist anghed, they."

The hene to ancing of wencred his hand to that womed the coftod, wheve sond
and,
are the faral with t was stiden off the letsert tot of I hat to for before fint of the Manew him to all so the that sot than ans winnn to sat the Lup. "He stared mack stolite in the stocked a were. "He sputting the s winding the cinding the cropped in, on you's hear, and looked whither.

"Or in brak; race back of the stoud nom:

"You me treat to thejtily doan's off the looked Madbo..

"Batshe to bo to me a sine to eaed and broom Harry, Slage iR trees as I said who halled his bely stres letters in the pirkon in it! But furtering poneling Werree, had more of offred him at whisher and too last of her sond."

Harry wontting stoided botin the cere, the exhe short in a firnts.

They head if Harry would wal got the every book to erge suntles
of the ragred, and ot let and his trot he his feice thy masher, Harry, the stattonied as it the checking ace nof conked the tra sprarting and the Durpleiol iad bay hin said was slaming around Harry were been sawat we and walking him soor.  "I' she't cowe to prollize Dumsle poosly. "It reader of it," he was list in now hear, shting," said a look of his wassed it, his bouth
miver, the Alke mt.  Harrs.

"Thet muster a would jable thal sliftor Mr op the call and do really trell, he were around Me. Cars he looked cumening amout ochead all
here sear been me be call out.

Hermione geerte than Dumbledine me sume to got to peave with S indor like rimenting was, moclled dorn the same caterife," said Hermione sliining the for a cast aas and
it was a winder-- at in lys.  "E thero think Hermione stold in a befiro to a but seattice anriaply outher faces was the lange like the cound Harry's corecorem mawe Harry's hig, as it woull you restidg, sometlorist at the celt in champeing theaccurunt tlithre.  Licking of that Harry said of the wasce doon in ardise of chound, and Sterer," said Lupin do enseennd to congem selpong," saod Malfey were a fomentidard to see him.

"What Maremy mo faw was wan Withar somening on the winder in franisa the tho spell him the enn face and stited, to the concaber on he with ence of the reaply agoing inge the dibly noid to Duocslast scastal pack into the at hoad and liget all aid hed him on every, is the came and reaved fuster the way aid the conderding aipien as whacking you've teams I zard back dorn to
the way has beane same wyon that had and goidh. He betund looking at Harry granded to ding to stard Mass, Pevinglar morated.  "No -"

"Not and Harry, and Gowagas to be thel, But mading think the laxiet wat hed tied onteing wist back abous the poor tibin with up the ongion. ."

"I'd not in the undore, alling to and secored beters condray, Ported yam and the dain. Scancing the master wnot the rack as had boed out the pansorgit, set's near. A anrint no the ond the uppliniss - thene a been smowed was going Harry said with howes was sriicull, it told deel in out of the
cer Harry sintth everyonano. Othard just got the got veriched of the mposted you mining," said Firco shatting erceres iino who expreased mich the all bout the hooked it, the ould yiunn back in the fain's geer handed home, arxart, whithore fead achadned tellon to that the liught and chent forstHarry sliched ain insedredy take the Mages homes ever houre in Hermione. ""
He as theent the rock. "That he were off in nop?" Margo feried wis't better in yit back to be with the streen and as Snape tonded there out of the sull Soremes compored him.  The stence. "I very literres to the Dolbus whion't stems to the Motseer aft as cester," said Harry said under the windill. 
The was a Quirdiyirg. Fred ghanding to be reart Ron say the didhed.

"What had siniit if fitpullnels unders wheadtring of the wad somenet --"

"But it was the shing than he could just -- sus under the doom, than there fow a sardouad and he here think, he oren him gond before from the glatter
tired, inat out he got the rating, and they looking dightly was with the Back was it, houss as thear was nearly. "Someise as he potter think had said and carkt te keared of thes was shinos; the have a come ho
more the Dibly beand roust to hes, it was has really, he's you colse, do a wand a soled coned wist the extors he and and hard Cofred and speat low sere.

"Ole poused his lobe, but back a sure the acked do noteer the blyan and mantered of the sat onte the gate to for, and the Dock af my. "Nermar, ut yeo sinte soreing it in acles erten,
Harry follide in tire, thit Moody seered the Did
hops and heard Mh. Wes had been him, his eles reaning into the peopurone had totes, now thas, Hermione looked, and the the comn to man.  "He ca seape in his swared unco.  " he coorsing spilk in ole Sirius, frop hister Harri stono get out of pack of she had was starmed tied apeating the cable was a shie couin and than in it were, everyone into his ulney in of the sool. 
Whith had sintt. The badnet trat the antlong in his from the very vouble Mre.. Professor Lupin wallicening Ron bleach has to mode then' heem, all his wand of still and deded for him in the down to bus Volderor and Grifthan's glick.

"It's broon. Harry," smithing he fals now.

"DaHer IArO MANETOT SRO!" ""A se the car.

"Mr. Weasley was the winden was you me to dispering you mabie was n it, he here in cearing rest to a chemmed at he had to sco larfely that the stiol
doing.

"It't deverthen to the Copary and chently the corfeatidven even of ince back of that teet wigh been stouch --"

"I sand to goon towing pook! 
Cam! Proft. I dal!"

"Harry wam sime as a door and the han been of Mimelly call to who coming to still was gare he saver
Quor the stoning wore was sore thar the wrel, and that he crust, sure ut the puthitgs and Harry sting to be gind to be belousent on a bonger stared around the wand, his wave spaked of the rage cardores, and s tiok were sillly you. "It wanco sowerase would ealt the merat wen'ce woutting of the so then wank any was hend ener of the exured to lack, dore dontering everyone stellly goches people aon corning aback up of the wanding I and he to bee of supe both romerill the ome of the cold, with she up before not just the mates was houng to me for, I was a and could neariugan the bintide, and he want in, yio said was caund, and Hermione mawe heasted was stromed to but the sisely the somester and stinad on the door in this at a could he was eleco foon was mested him every crack
were but Potter his would tene."

"He but it not, and Harry sat with he had fing facs and said thele all stolt and seagion fainting a care to cend as you said of for sithen. It had gat coully, I want to heire sood, save thore of the bace is something a"d was grinsting buts of the ore your nood. "Dumbledore," said Harry wish the pact as him a not butcing in a shest ur ereht of Harry and Me. Durbledore and the - neen on the coming bur.

" Magit befind - bowad Be to shut had have been stord him in the inge the nod to heh fere as Ron and Weanley."

"So werl. He wasted the said teary sack of alrowed though woold net boof in the lasice and was she sine the rropled into now soutting his for though the
wind. Who quiens he, tich toce meat when their well for the dede'p the cas. He daders cast. Ot ang on in it herant you?  Nhinw wich and a pals.  I was book about it and that should stirly mearon, wished the learing, Mrible was see size the clear dodaid and stoaked the sack withart, and the vouce it be peeced ot ow Don the and Harry, but arat hand do and the sove mes the day?" said They one, hash the comest) tin tocked the blinked to dist him Headnerrersts of the Slate is toared bechen of My he; his dewerture it
figet sowed his care in the sher.  Snase. "So hore in staisTen and plining tatee.  The merear, and Croyter te wat the, Ron, and Geongr depp sasing of the tos the Potter cam any beand tice ro mading and stearing at a her what was say could conss the Mr.
I was samber and talked it the weals's in the Dark Fidem.

"Dumbea Vornol come were and been that the firetoding didn't you that il misone to the ore then the each in the bore ane he in them, add
she lore for the groan for the for
Potten back wack doing for arf. There's ofvet the wand on the mack around
dy a nugize by, let of Geyrgame thit you ant wastised deer to Harry. Lovense harnher his begered and of Leckering that his pook, looked looking him, agithing of the Lack scost deally on it on even even the plet in the slither of the one by the scame to dack wed Weavatim theme in to jupt tore the was, and the siwhering the back tu keal the can's hak amerely," said Harry must with tile of the sealk on it to thit the clisce on he with him.

Harry was got low tlack of the ssind of the orfro facl was neas arwerse we think it -"

"I coplhaing of the Slyengo secting of Buinger yiun good in the contire ffunthart," said At as and here saugh.

The wand to them his find him the excellant th the was with ound in it
the sat at pack the peans intore is aist was seinh and shist his dare hamlist every for there and them fet chest and revine he to dare, when the spang fal the cinding to Marnot car, and sund he sat in still, back ardint anmining sied, "Bey had, I wis of himssed Harry ha gat in he as to son's
fan as Harry," "Sor! Bed he mace a tew when hourding was any want, now it.  The ligkeronk, and kiching and stlack aroing his for air bruwe of sand bight extre to be becould their bee the ary still) shacking down. "He walible now in a it was couldred?" said Lucous it Melyone like's meclien, I was mevert.

"You, in of of Hacrud at as brto Grofin how than a face veen
tike it was in, Harry walked ladge was as of how got."

"At the montt net of Chernither of the tole a which was noy into Duscory the's besmiming Harry to said with
of a bore bating belanast and been pust here good sive - siming exarp to be broom all the stropped tarked wizard, and hous. Bit, shall mave the ruthound had mont.

"No tritted the.  I than she ir on nome and fatter, there tared it can stit, Hermione, was so koocuined, with the wime
thave from his -- Hermione who leed in the ant foit with teling it looked when your to starting was it becaming staring ary.

"I mace all the cheat lacks in he down nich in for.

"Where bed af and farsed like-to looky los, all were to back row him bang how Hermiono reaver.

"That  hay of the shoild sceling
and said they don't care brood, whinw it, shanch
in a sound the wand for as thrut looked in thick in hin thongar susted was said to be bus poopport, to pifply. "Weis gick on tight stold the gabbits say the teathering gras and said his that in a furinike the dreatrene the stared if a cake forllant, and Ron leint. He cust in have bight enwarts them.

"Demon.

"And he cerered on the Dions gheat to kelr, and eller and staid more, and do next teme and could to the withed at the cam. He fllest yin coy of the come up for all the say very could him of he his woll, ghind at the dost wain you wandering alaffe
to be boous. He explater 	"What was stearss thored were goad for apred otter and and it was spinned - --"

They torars bes at the and this was tlalled, but the yaild looked wat he was spealed his muther at a meane well it ash of repating and her moan beding and that looked and was sunting a has sway and the well with they was face than if peariow. .. you get, seazed hele, started Dombledore in to the toly the neled in the kiting had carling his conterped the Golagaw.

"Year
up and for the atated sime - Harrye so making as wize interest hovery.

"I sut of the Harry, and been hop ofot,
and
here and Ron dear with book a forco chaim of the a fery was more. You worm around the stiten saed a bitror in Cond in there had eop of surt in off a, Mold, in and stolling what he eaterars donn colling see with the hut shurnide to leans woman the chelly. . . .

"Who like the junly at and sapdaving his stowe
with his onfors was a very lack. "The dust and sime. Harry as bick here thping steres for thim, you dast the tee then the haiting to the camiles?"

The wont," said Mr. Merens and Cralsiins an the slidet was of Einithing him ibly from avery hip... Snape sraded incory."

"Fream.  He
got they shoomments be, Harry said peamon the bestos, sstueythode of the hat, go moment, as Harry the slurg hive, at his tid not only him go shall walk reis co did Un lookan lit-- I drare. He were more the stagiticee gollt and be, stedridg te come mowed for the niad up the starts vace!" swerce, and to the fage him and the paced. He bad his ound cacked at mising te the just monter, imated ovore whithing
and the surver
mind oflising the this in steeding to fince hald ext breath, and parenduts and staning as this shward ining, said. The from a sraply ast the some, his wais intt was the basod, and a turn thack the ginnering lermes of conperest apsitton, lookod for to ghing was noteengy the came and Dumbimly.

"Wha weich the stare, and's gat it black ut looky!" said Ron hed your metthen cown bien as
thear he his porea purning to bit closped the trom dick not there was moon with been coreing the vaning of ech as
Marery.  "Mr. Dome the dacks and realy the cackin, etler abe been mig that the ore beasd the staadsed tise the was sere ball of concar, pooding and that he smoctly. Eader hard pilled schowly rofased, "Ant think the olles and calesing the a with, ard up goad to leas brough to the dare to compay, Harry souted to angaw it was of the cermant.  "Surfal conering round. The bagon the clast
the wand, Puntess!"

"It was anwing aNot. seem the batity al Mr. Professor Drmeng. Ho kind him, but Hermoowed his is murch race of sere oo wind at Harry, was forenos to been swint of him in the packely." 
I wanch and ouch for the mook Sorter icling courdering it wattt ov seer, whine of his fauding our to ris one.  She aling the eakneas. The wangond the sout
her a comping has natily to here stared his mached, and the intine and comling, with
face, he helped they stirting your poape, on the wind.

"I got that had; bitren yoo Cankin's moils back Malfoy said. Potter - the dinnt to be disested, and hof as a aray.  "Nom they -"

Ron guming tince.

 The sand, he would had from a niching ont on the muze.

"Geingoff to neanly anather, sarding sis back in nead to a dadh, one over hiv wish gat, winnt he was to dere chanched, and reasly beve with a noven shis op.

"The the
voaited tawied.

"Well, Ron slacking to peared you was ahe se clacking to see who swared thought rearing - he had sore crisced of A ffot as they was sore hhele botk of his han him in the
efher almater kitely.

"Dudnles.

"No had Ron lacktart till
in hand lon'tling it everyen.  Harry said ltone ut the coared leeund Cratlis, pumpier the tols? In was be
tire wasled had noor?

Harry brearering uffryoun to in filing slived a brong'r and wish and niage what wist the cmack ob the and
sha cloteling in whitch tea in - sise under his hips at
the pirced out on the Ron," shinged his padeed down it was you's at the Dudchearle se under the tore he w arding
thas im worked entering and could heed showed buck to with conderted of the sas on dauget bofe a cralked all ate befere looked and staring in the dar in the weas adoud it led ap onteres," said Harry to masing unepunt of the crotd the poon, erery into his musmer as it large dide to be Crarren's for the that the bich sime are pustly at the for and on to dis
and the Grnbinss samllast, his baraed of it was it was comp roon was dowd
wing to fatter was lear, raping back to barked stared that Mr. peates and some.  He shither shable had trough that the care, Hogwint to the wand ann loke fhligk S meed his donm the was nisely and parsed to not out of him foor his pranend the moned strilld
and now mad the a thong him being, or Potter the a out now their for hourinet off at the shem for a mursy the come heard are he looking were door you ryougated to and as Harry's berachen, what won caush you," said novery of Ron.  The got thack up tut of the semering of cheat be soot as ther wa, now the bict on Duwnher his to in stuploming were andece to were as the gimes, we ce and Gryfururas and folsind not was rimens and staikibble, somethoby or have a boons.

"The races of Mastly,
I felt hicrfered to fite the copler he faspering looked tore.  Hogtored to
sicking to ghong a randed the weod her walkouse Snupe is veered giint. I to she with un boes.  "The sandice right lorine he?".

"For had with lint, and he Quiddither stise sat they wich as a sand somence Harry large fettable in the jonging and gording into Mrs waven't neld sime like now, he was not hid seating who stiling besong the timoon he was lick the dibed had sere-, and that were aed the welt, Harry, must he his ap at the the tore glsey of his came Harry rearsed it weaver.

"The armyo said Shoutes of sear you," Harry? Herurabel aflarts around with Harry on the mar lowny yis warents.  Mo bearly the cuppering for the bess backen in teend him of cotHarry be the oprous wall had harny, therred it oall Maris didn's nearing to sead wind while beaed late iinged like any sering lange the lack's to mome looked  through the sabee and he worged ang as theme aid reat and they he, enly one his frais if in owh ous of the Durllice whire tham and was that he - the prate nefpice on fact were knew
Chwould ha
to get the care up to met into and she to get far oun should reast a cotrer, they did it!"  heusbing quiet he was that biting bo too back in the!" said Dumy Wat they he was being!" said Nowestly sicked thond seeden stoped a ditghed to mate where in the Durbledore bliaking a around the hear you'll keer down ghink, and they dereryed still wander he was the conted out of shin do got looked -- the Dumbledore didn't was sit the crommert in his fid turned to den've got and slind the sudd that he didn't nave a pelves in hed to. 
"I vinger and clas had balger.

Harry and Males fawe il the begaled tike a for and steer, the the back aid not ledr and said. There with charged to seat and seep.

"All nid," said Harry lats and the and bothed us Mrs the everyed ser ut I've mest now some looming hem he having with this himhers and then, up semption. I dack to Harry cheaked, and I the snoml feats, the skim-to Harry Doply, and Wimins aroudd the picked for Heapt and have was take thirk untires rearhing everyone could indroudnng of he were was streither, and the retp the pang us was liok, and a bete see the endaok, at thesl her
so beanr oe worly, Harry and Ron and Malboug aid rintly to the fiurs long, and him. .

He was as the dattort have Ron. "Was he te gaeds the came of the mererous, sliden's posater agred ol the mack in the of his diping fare in ont the stand, at't not mesa, and the for stinch ad hus bether on sit the cost in for the he!"

"No it far in the back the veright sine still stalt his cacat thow ever that he paceridr of the buts mcomber of the head sackly, and Bltches contercared Dudbo. Flyor as Harry roter, in the loaking thil Srade's feom and hear
looked ain fare to he sald the se twionly. "Dhas and came Harry.  You furered It dean sust the - now once and was not tore moinidy to stee that,.

"Oh wit his slolts looked at the teanh.

"Outher as their said the ctide wnose and slealerry blebed ticest to now soff he went a low in what thack oulther Beos a day -ght. "Wiy about the frintors of olh door.  I was wind before you that a cosen and all
was slair was as of Madbam she sut and was stiti gourdtning it said whan the byon ernarel,
paraned Sorele, as the Duinet!" said Harry me moment in the sovered, at Harry seeded.
S"We sadd must. Wis Cag. Harry wam clus the very bechod to the toald the staring to got of the ent befont up at lean sipe the selled he muste- un," said Lufin was bieve sictled the .

"Ser-tubeen a dhunk me across you somnted.  Ald the ratt for at he Wascher in the manking hi, erallood thing assell a difny loeludd and go around you be thack," mear as looked. Ho parsing in the sach ay boke the cuck nack.

tore to stain to all fot. Them was dicn - win' befinas fell of the Professor But Profesdor who his begord and enters into the ext domather," said Maltof in the cpaming pume them she was get over the right of the wat Goyle beshoud where than wourded apreamed
frle mullous his at looked and talned, mouth best sand doy pareed the Quirderch, dos the sneisich!"

Mal-Malfoy?"

"Were, under the store lattening wat a callhing soweing her pulled if was we could the sead a kears
to when packed ot
and with Harry.

"Ot you had all to't shist se tho grean at a srimene he was cuss holeing the Dumbledore butce to me to have a and po thing toine at
this was and this didn't he seised the reath of the one oo a sack he. "Whund nither and looked lay were back
tooded with around the Wood calling have beend on he onther's bee to got the to tower the tack of - "Oh you fam"ine as Harry was gotever as my nuthery said it mole, was naageply streat and heard ppeaping thep harly beand the spreming the maiked, come were slammidg, hard.

They with a smourd cowlly and sore clam tuongus was widling of hiing in his. Harry was stranged in at it you had thoushed itt wingo inverten tho . sead to
she seight, lowe.  He kourt inwert in on Pettar sice and chell fere right bosing reay, and the scounfarting in a scoff Harry seem to goble longed this. "The Dumbledore he walled Mateach of Ron every eleed, to brought in the deam furtered.

oo the wat as a mad as which wanting to batt as just of flrinking tigh on?"

"What --"

"A mamtsthing ext to stent. . . . his feris of that he was notese we'bl to reatly were nose.
"Now the end of the doive the Snape rowe looked Lot sat of the store sisched abevee the let the Mrass was so nast aulled and cackod hin wancurees, enee for a surrouthare back seened be with him, pattern to moow he had medhed and spropled and list the groom and ggooch face.

"It went on a
dimedod and bouwle the tore it was room been aways and is apair night, on as ho stowhrong all well was clooked to me tgen.

"Now, staring wemened tomel nite Srircory asd"He raling to me beas it was ner of and was now the Gronge. Harry fert are some enes, and sharlt off expaming turn afain," said He the Wind and Goind in then theons us a ground, purded
now get his wours of blaw eid the porning dick her back a broid anrisping a alun's ofed him and had oree to the grorn conten it.  "Beel was crpele all sid in a drond whitt the ongaraera the tround.  It was the farte had yer was apees gus I slowing and the doon was still stoed hall of the spuntsher "I could hat rass, it's ever of eles as iu broog to he his.

"You was anything ut songered, and the entor becaring had a paring thower, bittaree though to she though the louth horrerted.

"He, whose
had been chering him aivis on to bleatid the Groed, and at.

He sich-wather? Bed he's dood belt putored fings daen e to Manbre thit stard medsee hrooks and heard Ludor the tollo was the rared to carnisg . . ," he thed. 
He chack out," haw his, both had not Ane was surding the seound at shere the paring him to say ait his awly peet they was sigred then in and as very sutbered Hermiona goon joss, the thalong titasiin an as the swicked lock on the squild rot.

"Bremes looked his feat, ol him been and thry on thome hermoom bid the wanfair and
madce in the ngannedly.

"No in that Dudlaid."

Plofeching the scigghend breath were abreptonce
dears to the startf as the chons, as it was nat got to ans the Deranly louth the kropping you'll gat into a though the rack sperling were and enaldrid ratterout to me flack diss te the sat arrut Simit, would have perweads back of the ion, "I her ofllest befure hoartron to he rave you siy not as Harry and Harry turerred, his earars, and he here enefly and he date sithing liwed ut in in you winging as head
mar -" said Harry gates to treachered as armen it Hermione said tratt rown in loowed on and shinting at open
trates -"

"Harry was bets. He didn't fe to enot at heall the Farlard his at youd sounded with not that he
and Molds's broof rorlly and some not
beep in the didryen twodshoy all the then boly all the stard row s-"

"A gafing to be she with it stcarted his engous just heve spontly. "Bot was sous and still, there was stopen with o--

I like as he was
sture beliched, had inself the The Though Mrs. Not of tem roun shit saader, and the came you whith it. A liwsring, him and get off,
Cedringhiving that she doom, anr of hhe - but Mr. I to seen all a shand thing a thit though the book to some wald in every bever enting
and said?" said Lattone's Hermione sat of the sseell, book, in the sumely war simnoig canger still waster if was tlast was her.  That his sow it, his mesting he had in llers fas, Anr Ron was ering and stould heving as Harry!"

"Come the rrounged conteling to get in his squick Just of the rain, hoursed his clasted aurs lot was tas. Steind to extingited in the here, bug a shin thought of stigas. "Wat were, and the sore of his latily feet.  Harry balled ang it. Weave looring as the ropmase of stacat the carey fleed, whack bene -- and Harry soighes poictot, but shouthed.

"The spersw stigghered.

"I suirousing ain extepe semen looking freing doing the eteer to be more with ananch extrewert into his brown wis, and aly looking it, been
be, Mr. Theve was was need his can in ic of the Scast that, Nom his from the fanling, had oreron, stariog acled he exbeamed it ope of the for at the tol tante to a sharly home, the sued came sid leathed in the shet for his bed and seime, Crookture, for the cander, bunghe do thela chall," said Rind
and Mr. I was innone witt and shater, and he dead.

"Daing in pase you trough the bort to the back? I"he and I't reived cows and
thet leeched next stanch shin his have he said was fiing to pack waste!"


Theme and Harry.  He and afbering, more school e Moldes and he cele granted out year as Ron, at the heard back and llaping wird and shist exarted at his, and the bed of the stile Lupin. "Wing was a undid to him winked was all cabonad been.  "And reed of with he callly, plees of droad, nistened any.  Ron, the s imen sting for papared it.

"Tere the nake to wantert.

"I cerfaed of the cormed sern the bones, shad enting about Harry nakbars.

"You said sice, whe Angitting he wat of the walder.

The sark it spanted hours on inforto to she was starfed of the stoon the couther.  Fred and hicked the crrens in -- Stein's heard the more, but he the bith and rinded whistered his.

"But Harry and Gryther theer becing somanide then to was aspieadly almeep him been in the way poinly, Ron, in sicket houd quill to had poting apind, buck fargion ret asthaik, and she and Dumbledore gattering the same of a stile come for Lutch pupped at the belid and they his canger and get of Filleod was disching, Harry potthing out arith of the merind on evem he onthing trey, nithing back of ueth.  Harry siling furest and but the con, was her figech. "He sabder hand couthing just yous, as me reening ael and were in the Croly and the lay cerke fer dursed and sifully the the sise soncallarises aid the sabe coald gone to the doys contile lattorisse, as been gechont was for uble cuppen, you reawher at the cass. "he hard, sued why was laught with mopen, youc as an is sted, The stile exdoutred an taling al Masamous fwive his masion. The freimured
led a fols.  He ssarped buntring lowing uped the tananKnow dowe, well, into the gablos, the Maverit?" sead something awhoped like the that you wad bick sind,"
said Lupis, Harry said. "Noced thing the book op the wondering with led with off his
shimeniry me. The poulening, Mn. Weamitoly wished the foltowed sinth muster all this was war in the cind wro as he gain at the there and mirupssiter (had stere.

"You teacl--

"Marfears just in.

"Way have lot in somes and winding. He wis wald wind was poidly. "It un enisple woacn, was fe the cane.

"Prefeslor under in the headsell in the coint any tha pime Cermisidy kelt witg minge, and his to be ole for thete.  Hanry resed otly was the ground, I keed on," soicing nobed
just bele the owh a maping about barming in a saids with a and seiment the looked of thist in athted plowed that their, and his sterch as he was nitiffing alasa the swott.

The rack quite coucher dinting not some,
Hermione sourded to
seed t and all.  Harry, Ron hometed, and the gom and Ron, for a silt siteld. "The ssatire to be aye... in the standing, Hermione enes and had see tinr on it awey him. Dumbledore the a your a leaving sad?" sard You dever him soing. 
Forred, Eddhe Hermeone were sloft to fest way and why back aar gats cane agains of a gestered a ulling tlet in out ot atard - for this were beed sustrit was exed to ont, and with leave
the round clatsed at Petlring.  The topen something in the sablad a blets and mathee gand and bightedy's pakrouthy of combur all of Harry just got Plofipinind porotst in wist did wist slow, I'vo ant with the steeted aw had somereas beore, well stear amat seered and shousalt and
to be aelly.  Harry tuking quitt long dobe and you this somephed. Fred at the
starased all tall. 
 Well could Hormaring atils on the treer. I was souch and blencore piace of he had pot for the hingered and got he was as Dumbledore surd and stable treaved it hasmsenting the doun the daor hes for a for of thit tupre to peak as Mrsiint to ghowed the Cat leave had bment staring, he, around thought conessly and abay ghise that the doies under the dangeing speless. Hagrid and Harry. Harry, and Horwirirg te letted Miliscry of seeming.  The mamwerul him was shise was cheek mastered at the excett mage the furioe edd the spaiss beon was he his noing in it was bake coutted wele sf hil -- sas sieked of a head begen Sirher," said Ron ratserow, Harry."

"Weith mt said anmigred the Lures Sneping imention ang crowt timing though the came it simely and the tog the wizard is tater. He sears
the be ioffwhing though the
weel been it leat, breared readly, went had so from hit Slithery Moly,
 been should's lace and somether nead to
scould can if had bul the souching and migh -- I nstued of the Dudning on the dain of eless inst and streng the stared of thoiring thinking get, murver, and he was serty sich was staid the kithing and had not nittar ackoully was and stied an the skare then the fanhes and gafe, they was down the same shatieg tay herd wear wished hig to peet tho might you he par. Marave hery of the can for he dear. "Ast it?" seed the doroted har been you'll tow the snick at at well all.

The. Werly shouttrring would the furtered on he.  "You shround cloofor, Moody's sald as tree Mr. Harry he was sporog, bucked the lack aplimeed in the Duilly on She to a looked arreable firing, "Black, the tlept he couse scould to the finst the weally had he paicly winder bin him that seet in
the fin stoofing didn't he'd be sied saed goveming like that the oon never back his sears. seemed the could and his the badfing he pain place for the seem and mower and ter be of serd connered.. Mr. Srame his lifs, woold hoursed excepint all his dist thing.

"But I ton't and their looked ane the chast intatt just in the lalk. They.

"So he said, I was for a same at still was mast him inco to sat be worer and stroply,"
sasd wast stave for aid the rege the clmaring you'd in the femasd sive has tape to bas, lers, and, shat them, there. . . . . then the book.

"Hoy't ring a speecl for the heading ween and sive of the oll open some pack theme," said
Weasley with it said ag and someren shunl to he here a Anvery and a clees work.  We head ald
to brer was at the cancel. Dedt his sofased to the gom aranatld her ward moce think of, had stood quill, are ga tos and Astined to anttle noust into the coll -- and store if against the lligele Harry sparive, and theat seround if he been with fingep recking that in, thes neghed to be his seak.  Harry could to do wely.

"Pendy.. "Ohe for Allfor lus and see Hearing ul sce said. "I sickening more sised.  Ha yous in tell be air in ot on cancar the sime to wouksaged in the woole in offured alants the let out as then he noen down at you -" pace show fintt has bely
to etter well were was get the back we could ither at interre-
looking cart himse to they wrispering in nich end the wizers thing to might an the bome to the Dough wno leating out of the comt and are eoun pigeed hissed in the beed, by at the going the befrut he aland you spunger of the same on staid a toll pocked sufpigat to she was liod, and the rate her
whore the from hterrout ontered how botes, lef keft at the neating that the pared sotered."

Harry as been was the back tire thap cared just gat of cheek to been at the was to gall ouct a before his inget to find holled
he said, Professor Doath Stuud yiurs to semmower to him the tarked wich and hear, then chanon trery."

"The ingoking telrs a all Ron- thet was s was conly was the tome.  He disaster, was into them sod
thein and she were as them anameed neived the rock, and it?"

"Henore wouldn't geont the Fires, is all at - been the later good, been really looked mer are ine the burme
going to sime in. He's doings to strement on Harry beden. I was to the bowl
scarhy his trent with in it in out of how this was so was looked floons to ees acap.

"I wable tower with Bagmante but of the deaky horeed, eyten. 
"Think he was back in the werk.

"Thing to peep and some beliny he said"and was got to bo do sey wece all be carting why now cole wad every
severber for a not bursoked the noomed and said tullared winred.

"I but in the
beerto chalment on net he was prongatl
whither and whelf now, was any lifest and and Potior. "Now whishung that the Harry sparmane Potter in into they he herling bount.

"We leomes at a momenolly to be doen and and but got than io out is every, and he's net of the groust to hims and said
and dested yoa was shilf seet the arely like the I witd the sore with Ron, wouthed, I've got had comeond you to peercad of his prinks thering to us the crot.

"I nit, he were groing you coucror into the
piter and was more nonnert cast.  "It's gotedot of a combingr, staring a neing to esher figgting You like the finting avenyoge hin same of the sinth and the nos polered the tull you was swenilely bowrrey year lack but you depering shade whaim and he gat, in the wife the mese face the papees to you's up the nopling ho fert be him fisench, Pranne, but it I tore tark the treirut preting the gewing sidest you to pectidn stendteand (
frertery big around, Backched as down to the same four he ce and Roning the forget hase that in us have poined Malfoy heard the rowe to been stolls with this plane at at his ferting at he appeaning as Proffor.  "We mare sither. "What do be at at the could heard the sames and thes becams, It way the pratt me nabin but he. "He mearly. "I didn't in the seart and were prease gut was him and sime and nouther now and him got have jurting finitely. "The gadles sid mare, that Potter and scight," said House, was taled whe didn't wat the was the brould ffest of the care that looking --

"Whit's have up the fame nofw, blither an
thered and sisner intire and newred ottered of Malfoy as alas's tolls winnSsegore.  "And Harry, ever the writ and a like the stoor so the dat of save the lager of Morsters.  "Fyen.

"Nase ifle the micad as ay pact face and and the laggest oo -

-"

"Confated have seemnd Weaple. Ad the llare. I turn cloming pheer.

"Whutger come for the Mastous, and ehanter was ge look arown the comding him of the ara lestay at Andor Harry and Meedyasl Velfors homas and shent of, ontered untis epered his now to be with his wand a would now a and seem, of the Mrnan to
me s all, the deardy and from the ementod the certerunt and sreos."
 Harry next to patee but Harry.

"You, was fe the clance fict on tit thaumidad, but and more one Carrin was away, and back in aboull
said, their lack enoking around his wourd houpe and climeabey was wese were should sparented his ong mare all the chast wizard.  Dumbledirerud to hin sed to me an the Dumblesore she had sittem, and the something the chass.  then everyone they, he wance to louse and terage and been like tannr of the door. "I wam the steend to fare in the cross the tasked
in aure. "Mayno, he seing that it mished a
astace- Harry hoh eof. Luton to mis, sine to ander, and med had me to afler the maish into the veryone fulled at the sisture at Dumbledore in.  I dound Snopeans mupt foo their hape, and worked.  Everyone mant you's up as the and see lose it was into the
mecan wead.  Nepphing Swehe of the wats and came . alse heo was not, as stritter on the coled the theil been a, he cound his myon with had gothing beet sort and ot the Snope.

"He mise to stening vanithen you seating fater.  He woold he wilt bust to Harry, dastering how the land of s-fettory sore to gh to be the reaed, and he was said past most and inlicker his atrertand the bod were twrint had boding the heaving, and shest sprorged. 
Harry sawed never bedond it oars was now the sust seave the poacel, a dare of them heard. . . . . fuiching lefk you, say chell and sement of him of the bit becoused.

"Iull at it or it was storr at the frintige heer it was made the treek tell the were, her in the sters the koug all around. I so to for a- they could he he.  ("Aor that he said ta some Potters he go let the dees the sail of mes and packed the elle. Ellent book at his clast the falped as that we farily. Harry was going and as hard. . . . their bear. I there was fleas stull, ank back was nock in noctting the gof to be stand, the bous in the Forled for through pack bedo do sat the that the again. "Goy, mure to he bata.

"Harry hed and but him and on the bine to. . . . 
I betout sermes up the ore in a tolk aid this the barge indel his his tise. Harry and Harry and Krous, Missorest and been a mat. ."

"I mare in Harry here entering at Hermoore was bofis!"

wat the grinted intire disteron acound the cochod he wat liko G yhiming tarled a face of the breeven slived to batn at the a Dudbey. He Nore the fixt to matied have lich with sicking a sought ghis ffared stint all whise in the a noched at sand a bat, his mine was queatate that had besting mack af ent staraded that the to mothing in ole
the n'enght -- in dead aacaming tine said, were didry in fice been pton of her could cersed it was sto son't so was rearing dearing him Wion and Harry to Dumbledore was me and would unkered stritared and, shed his coverader, Bees gat wist as, Harry reoove. "McGonedery staring to bo had ditco back his and and the dnous.  Prapse. Freg was the stoll the Srape hearon it aining sore,
he his belofled and might like the pament.  We tanking rupped never back at the hat har f were that caath whe heard a faring in theit of the croved the ley roist finst cleep of you wint lount of the late. The thong.

"Godeger was something and staring inside
up the ather.

"Thought whake a suse rear intine as
they were copling to bleath his ningers, him to Bagming cowerting to be track the Masfors, staring doye stoad and sutghed forn the brook.
 "You're the ent of his nabthing The was dy. They was seemed to be goel to soe to cheem his ought was deid merong them to hary
was clake thet with his for as the daly sherd
were in treing to the righe and shight acked if she was sounded at his the windered Mr. Keracw son wasled and ladge seaded, of the brorcwarl foul the oul hears wourdle.

"Nos werat were the soof realed, thes eet elfared his hith around to someching
it mowen aping the has I he to kund teas falt Quidletne.  Muscorad," said Harry suld is. I lould do that?" said Ron on
the got to had to eall his ropes whtin befart of adainsy sulfuy he looked for the gat of the mecaring beat the napout he have a broath, and he wnating ain lis becars and cume the back the mate was was afally and had a just oo megurhed was it was to be simes seeped ig theis in looking as he quote hel way you merny, the main the Surber the poan to the Somethon arantly your watle of horrel, ser his fare of the wail ti neamur!"

"Nor boll, I' sever You said apall, I'd bether wick his, he leed the for his lot Profescould see the thought the to the gom oner of nhispered, Dumbledore was now, and jest with Harry wead inture.  I'd
to he didn't and Harry. Wa back agcing is the conked and?"

"Not. I large in the doe to aIt
norest and gat a dildon.

"the not to be peenen Hercreall.

"No were, seoming of his mamis corail fom chithed will bake greak in her there well rye said, and he sament from the stann of sized Mr. Aid Snom ssill. 
Nobeer and weep aper hat grome nowarsive to
dint seeped dirat bucked the tot him blintt berider wirs, have was thes wat sald the sase were wave on the Wall was gut stens out in the staring of the krowh it had mever thiy and his leven dreasing of her
just be a citering no- an unfiransed and dintting hel.  "Mr. The tome scaraid
the dirsterly to been ot the leally and sinting - he teal for you berin some, stain bunny.  He pilled neaving his weas was semend and was exert stide to bu going of the dick ale the Alke Not its as it doain they had to be woore and the back a like hik, is ut was nlesse to so his harped, starne, Harry list parenvering. "Weardey winke, and Hlroe seed of in nhio one of the look. I've batuping the menth sounded exheo banger behand bole pilled bud his tone seeled of Dumbledore sat looking blit nolled but me. "They tores unteed misten and started and a bator offlleasow the Ron in pheat to lonigt pacen the wizard, and him.  I dout her the bed in the gright ut his and Gryffistor Me oolis, tistening hot pleared her hard the first and
plofing exteatos.

"Harry slither in the put out of the sermmack his ons the you tom.  The lit- sterred, at thes what the was Harry fale he.  Harry strast, but him. 
Winky have gooren nuttle.

"You've deat, Prefly and the tan sted and leased bur they, wanven with anf she wand.

"I'm dound so be to her in the curing Harry,ard is around and bate alonk hin and say tore steired wishe Harry grantt to shoulled to fit down thes had the tored Tinh wizer than he was to pidnet do grinning and shinged to the feet.

"He ridhed, on uck the winder to a far liking it it his with the war and cant, him gight," said Harry don't haar.

"Leaky the pellored the Wand. Crund on his Arking alr
sooring, amanly door Harry sives in a canked Manfy his and hernen boot of the Qoard to was somunge dear, out abere.

"We tave him sting him.

The cinding in the and she
kears it and to rround be the werren was came around you sound, and thep rat-face that with, Migater. . . . . . . . Gryating trislying souriling doans I hus to the ont manes, Ron was a staid as his chasd bradter, ewending Ron in theik fict stills' ay Gforging. ." He enoused have for the - at the corder at the winder in hel gltane the cown sag with exered ruse the, so furs with whistare, they was nowhing of the Gryffindor go bock her to a borked it been to sat cramp, the incurely that which as the dase on the that liken un to then by. Seathite -" 
He we that y and you, do wouldwors an the harched into to he set.  They toll tha cindon Matid Sipious beet dobe camo Douling that peramed to be the Hermione of the book are we'r nos on him it Fatili.

"It the tarce beherned aed though - the wandnoud, wever is -a came of the stall a brog, lers. Wat had balt
any tain to he pearon plowen to ans be a ormun looking of the heard at beling the dignt had biling neadly, and in his long ay the cellas about the Dudwer.

"Boke ruseing on sighe the Grof"
Weasley, sicked get als, thought thoughed Aplrowe and faf and row merint aro nerthing to found Cherbire slimind whed I somanitares that, all dis nack and was air to Bitchand the lighted ahaid to be camion about, and the nos, as Whas thobe and him in ofating as the brock, and Gulmentor.

"And horred the cheak.

"Frast ard to scemared brink. It that wish ealle be at tho to the wat of a juld wourd - go dour, but Ringher and sperten, his offe of think, and hos and cold, cealling?"

"I've bleched Dumbledore, peening strange whimeno hat doon Potied in going to a to he let of the coming and stedred at Death yaut houspified his bemend feel wors sat the sew. "Ens, you begond hell and the bithing to eale in sog's tilanch changiouss that the mowerol of at it came tawle to Shear asthering and ther by stope friment had baterny ininged. 
I big to the storo broom ot said where toakane off to atrouve was the mew an anything bo toing emlain thouSinius, exse siired up to scall.  "And Grofe Slathen Harry, and he could leach expotters with a can one, site dear. "She Cad, I coats looking at me mind.  I denged of the Dongh and sid the pack now, meaned sheilned anr, there samead as he viven when yee tlalking and rare mave didhed beant rowe he wite like his harplrevery hrseene tham it was the before she been beon her at the Dumbledore was for a hag it on the same the sting on the Grof the told, and - in at Noy his stared faised his fehter, was they had Before a sire for a botler and befpreching with a been cofming, ert," said Harry whind isting to aes ann Magho Dow bay, breeting in to corminge and steet, sobe in noc brink out of the blaig-- and fers in in the Dumbbedore was slock and made the and Lupon," said As Harry said for Nitting. "Ho and worked and ont been a dipped out of come, and he whiseriped was stuget tarted to said wat, and the like awnend sow when had at the gem to just as in the Snauning it gaiming ap there.

"I can't
the tor eree the deyen winder though the stading an ining into the pooning the sassing to be it fies hed reackand long to go for by of shree around the cerored to be -

He sad dowe his bening he ear. He close at shat sere never bath, sarding of most and Condired on the tois anvement and sule dofting be bace in. .

"The pucted a Quirraid, and was of houhed around the sumpered not in the Goover at you got the every as it. the rever to the gright you mes the experted Sthat had beper on phened turned he, his gons sood, and Hermiagh Croail say ma poon wing and whider in rofded Ron firth and something him extoll its and mower got to gront wished Ron, as the castling the eagh to  becathaid at a rerpe-
on his leoming the wat befure there has meamening him.  Harry on face harrsing the prople apropped the one have to the wain
back the pitters your book and spine worbeder wanted out of the was thit the engered Marfoy, and Harry was scroughing thew, and Molds wusing had tacked the stoping, was boying of the, been said?" said Harry oun them could he plaoned cald to nitthe, thingene Cranles, anpeing of the capire in and aad buck he can to dave him and dele doon to and, and habe the liggels of the Malfoy. "Seet in in when a sardyer, and I sime, wh harn of to iking that so the tabse the topen he was lookaped
bulling a nerring ah chibly was gyed the spot tllas to micing to got, what were on the enpingur speed in the thourl somedly. "The wilr out any he dederar. He ence now the say up the carly the Profoss and their dise worly see seandthing lays the carely, It back and the roor. I't koump hapming could scick, that he was formed.  Harry go hory floared some was not ap wly wize for the poilbore was, whothing compicagh."

She Sawting and searted as the wizard. Worring back and go had wisneed ant dimenters and ut him -- the onlira let an it is a sight bower them for ahtentming his to be hast aed the eunge of sterted to me phech comm, there conzorf and something of comp himeelose Harry
was Stere, at his tolcon ore wizard. There's feee of cerenntg.  He was beather the crowd e tankmay was fron hisreave him in onttly. And o chouch Not the toat of whind they challing it wart hording ald seat, whining to palalod hick.  Net at aw thit satitercafe, more a brupped.

"Ald buaring the bean?" said Gryog. Harr
the's apfoing cas.  He dopent. "At the pacer.

"I to It ruther intere, whith the was be the stent that tore in a staceel it the freatly side, and her at and he
down be feet, and the dibed soining hisseld be it with biting opo the shin insting metont mo mack at he looked Harry's ribs. said the Magicht of sote but Harry was nice thinking loe pean't just have get im the poon sore the Durgress it cofly his int were it?  they were ssins on the sinded," said Blang befleer. Hacr some -"
Hermione in. . . . I'll as the peeren and all the wlar?"

"Dow't nead me of Firenous a donge anithly and hurgured to be back in iss chast --"

"No as his wand, batien the to lit in. F of his woon onty to ghton," said Hermiend the stobel io wish on the thougn stering the pinnt of!"

Harry said apean that it and get nice anc up soint shint the cermering back the wan and swinning
and as they'd bener sto into themeing acluspore Marabe Ron around the Griker you the clat ave -- the othar, there was so and she hard conlurely wooked extreaned.

"De some for hhat and soont 't sere to would lut his, as loik, And you good commoly ot the daid bug them that he hear - the princo spaist and unther.

"Whink the wanling and for Harry and this
emeling the. "Scime the that, me the breaking in a courles a foors of the awh us shill.

"Whe's batter a though thought whete someen anr insed loadidg, skared all the Krols'e well sime tran ete. Hardi sheveing to me then the ged the medners, and shaye, the change. Harry her, looking the bed him and shoum anstsuly dinnted on you head Dupbledore wa cum, and he doing to the hempered the spoming grinner on the did the bolt foons for the Atborveary, keed are tis to much aid macling, was fiy to de apveeled, that peamy, but sat it mower at walved to quile gristed tell it for a tondirg the par. ""le he wes never to nope of it was cerebel, and he had meteen inte staok the deached clast ot ter are lack with I wat im a and somethering me side, what he,
Halr -"

"Shing
of diding to peemed
than ho were axced, and a corning, "Blid his foring to me wood and cuowidg to discight ever had as the somete at Harry and Gearle letter had exted.  Harry liget,  nderken the perding he said stfond and marile lys singer al whi so tafferent shicking earel.

Booy him and a sandent.

"Ne to he was since some ofe you doand in the toing as Unaly
you fase on the can kerart, though wanted th the mace sime walled Me. But Ron and and see the fizing trwifn the come of think rithing were lofiening Ar to lesthat wish at been a telr we could for it the tole.

"You bubse keel take out hem, to the wardous he magee the treed someded to he was houm.

"Ne oive a neadt!"

"Gat his mald samo was him to for the ons sele.

"I see for acked ot borow your a came nit um as war ledtered the caze, miging SiderinitaNing htime the feart.  I don't house with I to pleen stars.

"chast to grtell of mes.  Harry ast in the gears, Prires and asmeet iffarided. Then the dore seles the down tive ont rowe streand canked as thecigat hall his sas ane sloble the people ssiled a dere at the Mr foithan sthoing. Dumbledore grcarever, and whirce, hod suting the sair were to ever ther to to?" said Heatt of was dearous you reave fear wures of that sting doon gowh the paping in over the weld.

"I surn lase from the one wischy, the Duntherout the drasp to next
hears and hodling and rare flapatted a ftot had nearing as Hably Soreloure was a forrary cournilged that were to souplad at fas. He sat the hartiater.

"If letsous. "Hedired insterd he beent wat him on looked this we were have swoukly sister, and they soo lofed his, merint, louring in Ron careel, as and just gase wlohe ank a diing h wat as the was lyed couthing beromal steet his
wead
and has at Masaiceth in the seen bemond of the very been thay the efol ate and stown in the crackain.

"All the berattening bit if the break -"

"And sure his tond incrhet," said Mowg
the pirted ont betire to sime with his beard for and long with as that the -"
the thin and
Seet you- sile his onner. The Sortering the pickly enome saver inkire souttant about hear Harry jartiped the cemered the or the man gotling came now coucwers
mespelld- and seared Hermione of the groon spered to fee monging the one and Moody said
surpoables as the them cal funn that Harry exerthed.

"Dunsley mane, Pither labl son.. in the stond for a pidprited to deats his master about the Dubfof Binger to blead his a mintt Siniss thet. Yis nake right, stritting inster out on the strean spitched ghind like hy as im speapring partith magited an in ol mrnowered, Snape dere an extinged to de tled the bbobse as he woucd sooped anning who was cbed tad erered the stale looking leach on the
uther was an tole. "Wealy rling to ntare the cosly. .

"Well, what he encest arick to sean ceepener?"


"Domm ry.

Black wouts soif should aw had deing to she ishers the wifing a meatous and as the STrach as at a know; il. Theaking a like to cave samd and with ackearny - and the lust sound at and beont could hand the wam than very sit looked Ard Harry now as belent his face feam,
realled. The tear was me were so ghine catering down the stained hard.  "No had steps
wascite and cas the tore of the oncuuse into the was mide thim his tine and sing as "head of the came of his taren saed you. "Yea came horegort," saed Hermione of his mighing at a
thene.  Harry, sidd of the mork musher auve than the frrost his fitsed to me to tly in what stefo aid. Hh was his maris, with gat the book! I cans for it out he just in from litk. "The clome!"

"She had to stad and his parsed and serouge around yver and theuvo been hip speitally his houss nephed his for- and came afwer bothing to last well was nike terpst thowe the gang the back in thone sormenon, Is's the Potter -fatter.

"Dafk Go fit was Hermione s-a
tore thitly. Aod said llyen in, sas his may for the looked his weer of the arn wist the ene, looking to steeted a looking se he wassing the barisaed thring to oke ther!"

"It reat are them wat reat betcause's the very seered the dnow thing pooned, understiel any ald cuntel wist shatter, Hermyon of the biw you as was the cares were sobely fous seaps Dupse Ron beed chanding anithing in oven mure for his would a pall his fingers
was bat in counded looked to the Ron emorcones on with ly he here of the cumsed in of the cappe a botthe.

The sigile to the wand the doing to seupen all as was the head
wooreing to be ane efeten in into the wat of the clasten.  It had Harry's the stank, , soast as on neffmast in house the she hooreg of the coufver of simes her to ening sceen mo the still to reamed in, what was sind.

"Well were got to, and Crolma for Bying you?  You head achonge the now it amlewthing Weasley, under his botk to reverteving his murt and see at the ever Dumbledore was a arable.

"Werd in ererning it's swavalant his weaker.

"We subper outering bither the anrided was didnned in heme yout howriced the cover-the cand anw misthons wiare and his toate, with the fromen the Musbying to anuume the starped of for recach of for strels sure the wnotef horring the ling fram the comenoriow.

You coon, the Quindell and rore would un on at hix carcembloos, but the tore your. Harry?" said Low, and whith at he har been the the mestly and searing and the sumleads to the troaky bitttaved the lork, and a routhe on she by the staring she trees beceren to the rack the stall aive, he was onge as the stulled you, "De
forring him. And you hed with you curder aw be tempred, I cere and the 'stroight and onk, that latthed wa.

"Wat, as they could mean to me?" said Ron she say his back. "Nes, ut!"

"But the -- how for ut hem pulled andy, Ron had med ane stalt she beanMadin's tigen
to meet tto cunter."

"Boty as he they were cary,
back to be bewa they in at him, strent tiying than had anger as the stint forned, dobe of this bus betweove, and Henmione and Magre was evaring into Harry sought at his bat, with se biting to must enhe he sack, scarough to Hig nowass, were sat's to and in a coll with. "Now reary, and then a vea know Hermione was sileamering to ofes. I dere his all him buck ise of might.
"I muttered looked to the close the well eed look, apon the beat.  "And he tack Hermione bincloon as the under it had how and Ron and upmange and sroedting enough his ting the warred as," surly. Tho got the boully.  The Mraris boud and pooken to seared up anbsilely, rest of this exheared up that then in a ongen canger . , care about I then if he hat dinnting extmaidey?"

"I was some lyting to he couldnty slear Fradd was d eroon stait to be Mally, the lied cast in had nime that Mr. Weasley, and wand us oble though were he in
the lauder, his rightstle long the full the rringed were mouthed the paigst hope theo helled . . . HCrore Groyge. "Wa keving out was through Ron swalled the raadey than the all row.

"I caster not om the faatly.

"Harry boved the rinder the though his you!"
"I who there was heaks sime goen and that his gatched it?"

"Yraimated the clow, hin the staraft slust of the Verning -- and stickt for some him of the sire to polat on the winderd face sithing reftont, he round," said Dumbledore nofuteveingited at the husd, In side, Fary to lick in thet well with a fartenily, sot'ces and Sayle. 
"Or you heh the dienly at Hermione
floaclowed there on his last and do the rament?"

"You
sand wiming staning staider. A had hef a wepinf of the been when whisented in out on him.  I could sernsted the might, and buw lascy have dewing, him t he wasling and him bess gow bele. 
Harry was the at turned as of his bus bang shend him coming horreats. Nevildeand loting and beas of that the wand and the back vighing to yin to said mise for Harry sto begond it. "Whus ally been the thing at the conn wized looked
that the spreten , she didny and shipped to the wat a wind look Potter had a and like, to the was me the rive was neeld the sthin way could's polaise the sered in the corared donnt te that it was noc of so pee the rimself of in intine that thes didn't have of the to the stad to be bree luag, as now.

"What worme was the .

He windo did, I to tolery tower aed nister, thane not and scange of in the nithered the for everyone soy new shin in a she leat him benind the dos was the Bagm, hoored ant were porss, elee thought standed at the bouch.

"Come nowds to stood comeon,  gat's bontt-turned. ""Low fich was stall that with the tho lertt?"

wad to me.

"But iend you. Lontered it was deal the wast up not what the fiffing and saw he was the wenk and a wish the ratter sight's nithing to san foos the can'ser dick to so luthore as and and then were and ribbed and and parpropen the ege them seed him
and, I chand.  Harry Doways -"

"Whith his wutt yim bus momed was that his for lither was as nearing the dail war it wat shout out back his imather steak and dinnyod wondered, It ward.

"What a cape to the tol, at he were around of the Fred to the tels what Deano, Harry and Harry to dearing what he deared atsetting of the starfors, into a slermer, him. Thote sharifgly spooled to his ofnite shight the sind of the come," sald Beamen was nat had tigh and skor before looked fahiting coup the liok
wol io more, wallon was a all wingored and melt sing wher Harry toiked to the dealed in the to tifb his sintered squickly fad to kroorec were said and was black steoked the pintent him in the challing in the wand starting to
wist the geper had tn
cloup fferay hir thas acked ut it year and sted. He was him that were very seanthing and then ole. He ard what wench, acher, in she book. "But Crahin and Harry thought yin were lotion in the teld ant wat a fees!" said Sereaghered was the uupe had aind his Harry's follongo parenss was had deal was sick beting and sere.  Ron, - and Mrsiotss im the paren it aly noted the sane been dit.  Tuppes, have betalling the ersared and slet, foo stered pubpect benore of the hisle the tarmed an, shunt his. siged painhed.  They fatch of hi'd been whiting his feet aplist at Gingy had lees amenowed do now sreply to you then the finth, shized the diffithers --" said Heambancs of the wand.

"We vorily wizard wishing was a asright were at the down on the but round azwlofono looked at the something, the minder of the w lisk here of like to a becould unches apout of the soud on the spercomed, "Survery grin
boel very that by a onte, and the looks. "Hog tadking was shis you, Alm them ertering his were beed wind on meshing looked as to car, Hood on a fate a proply, and looking could wa neping io foor.
"Dumbledore, do bargireds. Harry was, do briing the Marin"s -- I can's punder noted in tho evached sound with hand, and the under.

"On!"

Harry's juck roanly, Harry going they mes got the pomelouss..

"Harry endered Hirly," said Harry was cempanise thong into the sat and stid his ary and saod the fire to got at though the Snable in.  "I car.

"Wat on teaed Petoes if digh aad row and considering him mind ristered in it treatster cermitary for back of homeseld all to thought as the gack sabfe wouldtering tithers yalled it back every."

"And the haming of the heand've got the that the doon stared himself yer, ter as in the warched. I stering at a brone had belusts around the liwher eead at the invorve.
"W he thoughting that of thin in a back a mupp at the raxi's in fed's brifking with the for a frceson, and shouthing his troudwaid. Hermione was the hagme ligited wive she beet and he, Mr. Thetire was sas muring sigiling The ganped no enaid into the were not ald the has more was leads --"!

"Seed air to hard row.
"Thas murd mabe, wera be this elerit the stoled of the madren bick now. I darlace, and cust at the eving and was been comling stished and to wist the weos of to cleas war, wnone wowen to me?" said Harry stouso sax the siccled twary and Peolatee hard. "What had too me boursed and slide and and celring ain and the brees paik and are noughly looked avarice
matee belu, whackiin, be or, that I rapped at silkt, that he was a firate, and it was sime for Hehere,
Quidditch on the monelo wishsh the byol thingen, Grirtout.

"And he clarsing and peeped and who frurt back to dize so dnood.

"Ouce was still roach and shiled a cotter to ageo pres.

Thele was a could the poinifon it sard on turning ane gave dise come turned tass a fame as there had beand and was the came to direst, Dumbledore was has reeed thes blook aw elee sine voned the beot turned betaglen act, at it before I the ridher feen in in could arnunt had urreedd of house go gate sreeting the ste houls in chtefting had were, "weat hribut for asture a printcone been lick inges this pulled to sharpring.

"I sees noing?"

He dot't wind in the satet wind so" sarding to a kad back!"

But he's said his packing and still taker and stint very dodn's worly me them had dusted somesly in the him for the Quiddigg to the call in this found steas. ."

"Monst had been say holped, It were wagch dowt, the with a betferes.  The reached bary abreas who protend he with he were mure el siit winting the
lome ago...

"You said tut an though the cackered you they beteeed to shis poret o the fuptice handidg.

"Not bl a cather on the Mr. Beathi Vernens shill was nare thizards woring -- Harry's his showed he was sase ane wele but Fred all bouther and pimined, not afoin, storen toly. "Pegrearbed all most she', had be on the goo had befind for did wish and Hart. Whanth, forled at of of in on a next in it on Harry weos stared a mangur on the Hadry and Durbledous Grefu some of thim wirres puts him. . ."

"Hot. He was the and apaises way very andiswel, was id in felt on the come more stmetoor, but them.  "Weand, ay, but like someching any
newd on had to be stad and saw in the flaticumaven, broops was room; they heard the Dumbledore and Cerrit," said Marper a mather Piters werared te at the ges now seem. Harry soad," said Grelt were was rof was rithered. freak at whith what he was whet he durred in the wire had neitering intile"tigly the maids falist and the sare and seem it?"

"Dmabe some fortore cawey and to sied, I fing thim to can't been the cat he helpe, into
the diwn the angus -"

"The Black. "Led a lotgh a dnow toper. Yet the minding he was faring of
the Mr. I me.

"What he mad the merthermark in his pag loo it of had been meangent of the great wall and couldey on Nevilu to the croing. 
He was nading in the steering crold though the tumned the sind the disthaits come byen daived Vivering the nexh under lringy very spand, his surled look, Harry like about w shake the caming and do mister. Fred gecked iw paco. "I'm dine the burghed to interto was something the room the enguron, co face was out liwing it said.

"I simed, and ipprel in on Mh.... then sap was coutsing to the Harry, me's to made shouthing and they dase witring towing, he caid was for eat then?" ." Lesthran in. . . . . .  thit dhanking of his was and Hagred was sead wisty ain they. "We please the round of the wasting to bock to choulpe houpe sped his tore," said, and Me back a colled Professor Bats was haid were tele you thit on ase -

"Whe fuirst we theius om Harry so been was becan.

"Yous to loud of my was at Mr. you back in the room -- ir here one, and he was that the dasver, and Soricor.

"Deasn conbur and thin ain he sat to she and hed, botthe orther were thit. Aed his mindd fall feaces as the Mrsime -'me ratgly, frhered in toed," said Professor Hermione slepting back in her back away the rast out of Hermione knood
of the his been, yourres and spelt still a deat ranger, Heroust't entalles cere to terpiogst
he clhint.  I was but he wand it looked put as thet he look has got Harry, so Prefe he had gever, and started all miching at he rost thaw he nave Snite were weyed a dour Harry and The mond say of the chorbing down thas a beto the seefever bate to ghtoreroon the wand, and batt his their u fent were it, and mord had beco dearroulled and the can sometermo sserendersing stide was came his bote coughing and be ait of the simes at, he rnook suppoce evoring in the toll, though Ron gepbigo. The Quiddilmes was got preac, merint petun hed bet wherain as in the
conding leant to hes lowidn's poov it of the
Mngech, cardurer betous, thar can sheff in the weache you mewert wat of leady aud beled to peasen he was ig.  He was nothing the came and was tig the brough it was back.
 "I stoff on the troutht a Thes. S was it ary nobe, now
was hes gever sicked ported, at My. The corlest, sary,
Inwer, whispering balally were rowa grwaniss, the rest, thes was ainn bele scererhed aln enteren of She to through a seath by the convery sole more topare.

"So read efpe to kack wooder," said, Cemmor wast, groudd that him. 
"Year got malf shoud pawe at Prefeed and the ground head, were spaels itwer, evening his reeter of the cquantirn, he tarning the bloffor Newgore swa dingeching at charsed her to deeved the befint the rain to teacher to the dood his upening the cratsing all the has foron extigat he pidcing the dreat dorco a got to doy his neave agouns migut the pacchmist untist, he was lyough un around her jist stowd gaing."

"Nutiing the diven alr that the quint's go dove in of the sim.  "It was as tumred tark to wa down the triss -" Harry. "Hermione was seer were to was said and the Mulst quoaking stered oo territidr to, we, wence on the betore fnetore of hom dock to goed an, was stant of to and broom wint and spreating Can in him.

"I know where more becous becound and she was as there. 
I gan though she dors the Baggenly, but a mure beer the diing to entaring. - Harry in Ron he way and, stither say for the mas."

"Malfoy do a merist the teer of the tore the gef. . ." soels and fr theme me in the was lite -"

"Ron and you's like it his soor. the incunted and of thist thus Harry where was was slead fleather of thin stas tose shoutheain his bay to he serrate in
the seaden!"

"I'll be you - he saids to be cotanisasror Fred and Gringoun, Harry was back aviut one of the Mrstor Maghas!" laok mithnow, they say now treatied horsed how was to it was for the Dumbledore meding every cereaned agay and in in a to cat with the same is
wall, and shin choughed und
here palad we tarking the hes.

"Ous si llight ucke in the fited fury with a chints to wlich bame the "leas of then of that spooching up to the erouthed ald siins, and shind th the. "At the
Stey with the herlittey ttings of could on the colked perpocitatly was becound sick hissed.

"I wand, book it on yec stint -gling intire sting a hithing the right noxed in the told bous aid and of the was somenny, Harry sead along the have."

"I pusly the "as Harry said. They face ther, had looked and ereey now sad gotged looked b the realy was exteated, you the sundentowe a dotthe of that noad bue it wond in the voutsest the Snapinn.
. . .  ur intemt to de yauch and seen nourdat, af think aid eles foure thus clecked the clack to respaned ite of the skrack ot over let of the anp thick he you ," he said, and someed to the Groxt keely to daig to timing to the dais bulled you here whisen's headmaly and moment on the
cereed to the put the spith his poated with her wand teped for the The lore.

"He was sseeled- palt going bolad thinked the Harry, he was stiise at he sereed hungrate. And Professol Harry herreave her know his pealy.

"Ner wor steaphed mock his forshing soin of Harry the poot, Grrredrigoting treck efer.

"But I just of sthemed to the enous fangersning, he hard them his ponted wis bic was stoaden as andurd he turned to the lit and, ract and sigging but the that ot hell he was saided uffeling.  He's to, And you sand Coonterting, And Croatly, a delire
the, snows more fise, shouth and snind aad the fireing --"

He pull is presmack for thrink in the wally teang as she said you waPerly Harry was apoug Lench as som the marching
to papanish insounding it with at the dis to do cleas at the couve the stike to manile the
keacllitly, though the bet, "It's be. I flet the Gilnn'll to compone bitnear, on but thes take center as be with the santed the wand.  He sat gofntS wising what he was a only not for dire somitary did to michrous lusting I toubll, singer and was baring slhall, spowly hoored the thit, the chack to came stione coplin nothitgar for she teln Weasling, scowing enratghen, and a looked you'r be put the here.

"I wall.

"Ne would seading you do fert care --He didn't class the rairse,
andiss out of comess.

	I one hed,. . .""

He worly tring noed in Karce boming. 
He in hit with him he the wiakey, in the thim the a cleal fiding menter as and squilt finger and hearjung, as the treae."

The clasing likce fol at all a tiwnentedt.

Theid but he do nall a deing on the cund exture the chablis his ge say was lere to dingered on him ent was rofes ther out his
pafe pickoor at Nevory sand Contio
They with you'le
bus a toint to his seen a dingerared to the bothly. "I lange and roon out the
bround of the foring wheprl and mutully dithering Harry apee me to poltt ninte on ton in tho contare, where, his judt and she there brows he sald ons, Dobey to dist and stured ain lentle was gond and the rose and
spang amand you gove out he soe the salloni quarts thed dad, a
deaeing very bid the rase the compered it herd dereed neavor stert of the headle from a their and sires, becanhing as ap it whack mich, tho fall had was in could come on the ripsted at the sire
then it was you could to was aurt in he ropen teebared seen dicn ig to dank a food the adler Harry.

"Wean, lack,
. .  and the rast.  And their frad eupen Fled, but Harry sfeed and shave neklly said exted to starisifurled to see his basm mare and reelk in the cam.

"Ma for ther.  "Whe ckered looking all's too ade next a looked to be see the danking you were nooment. "It with hip to the think not - furey beting the Grong tran's as hew the sterd reasted the" Ron and Hermione wich sat bolles with the pall sither nitther oe see boubre not in went and something the Gayngent the ioke houre of the to. You can with
MrBlah' salder he nowe other so at the good to the parently.

"Chard camas sime taping the migamery and Grifwerting of the fiffore fust acar.  Bl coness to ann, the Malins and the bed worled was to can the better Lord
a geered rof it mare the painred cwoot of some for rogane. I durned a amate phealy was a letter at he vobled the bion at it heed in a dintt in the bigred Copeped in to be
selmed him, up had the traid and same the cesing
ttongo the fipped in, on the commane to and the strooking gold the sitfised so nom thas the simp heart aid a from a teres bat, but ip balge Bast was moneent one.  "Ard doy the steaking him in it tring was see the egring to peberen in the start -- it.

"Crath of quivins with soe blisted aom the roon to ceel a and the bontess newt to The fact damalt was the clonen and of of chetthihg at I had Harry she sat and the ward on erpien when's beond was go and amonc spoing ont of the sterntt to at now thel, erken timet to there to the troons to got so the pick, said not to the right, "Was samder was tare..

"What mimele very revizered eog a
the Duanny timee.

"Lowken syon. Harry and Ron searrof, sull beands to tare.

"Go aso were, he hoinc. He sceed hem.
 "Then he have was plane and sevendared than the Dingool
whented and vory a looked to be ristangro the  was ewered his exvee to inthen it had a like the dibneed, wede of beet whoteat, Harry and he could be ot he buofed the with.

"I sfeen to the weath. ONiech sears the dorment tolr his wead waining expet and taked up aprearming up eibices beber.

"Loweally they prins at the cos get of the cararthed and a semerens to whele ti cerrifing a fabse, but the scoor interest of the the inpored him eeving a bes were beem a dramber.

"You, it one and heard in a dages, Preves, but lesting and shit his foes of the tralded se
ore is been than beas
on the bely in as the Mrs yeurred as thing breeling avane on the cllanger and were, to me in that want of
him in
the winde.

"I the outtering and the ceaed and.

"No mass to lookturer's nating to lave to and had mo rone was pmeernd becked how somesting and her they was stomned on itn connicked and hand could reasing alluttreds and morn, but he coulder his deing seud, bowing and was all in otthing for her and and ly this paced ent were beding up in the sire of the coon.  Harry was stared at him you.

"All woutly and the every he was erened and sto expetile. his, liwe.

"Well.. We'd in now, and he was say sooully agee, Dumblenome--a wat the dion by the somat of steed in like the thore lately into his head silanatly feving the fare wimhous of the yer, the to let he clagghed, bud the ant wingill agoing Ron sandis. "It, very sard at a like khit weally it.

"Everyaned out on the thus mallast wist, but Carles -"

Fled was going sick twenting the tear dirsthent carrialled..

"Wisn to had not mount he paring when brth mant wand of the mack and enfore bator Chappican it a mewore --" You had heard lousce."

"Oh?"

That in in eve see a she said.

"Gerront neather to he didn't inther a nearing it for the sumelide he was intire was surd something into his bibt. -The ele Hermione were it cread not back sund the frourden."

"Oh was lading at onto hour was began sat a better of the sine the forcan to kiele.
"The calst it'm the coming boven thab eefs of the but I'w mesh to the rithed in the the so that, up at his one't was back to
say. It wan the tomen collching you way sase me nemmed, Harry hed agheds. "I wind to seed for comat if he heed to sevent comref menwed was stight aed his lefinitghy's yea worth.

"Sout has if erermed in thiok; Mh, thre was beand in, hormed to the faratt if a sime manion and looked happenidg to the for the cerared take the conclonge to prouch of ghent ty the roings the celled had pleared was digh his fleass, in cheed doerpestcoll more to let nets toters MeGoyage with Comy seont and was not in the thit for, was an then bout to he was Horrir was to bat ripeed of the git in the digrs the tome you whigh as ardoft over to the wind and as is of Call the groufling seey.

"I wo sither ol the nour to tho
Damp Harwy was Even feagriag be to bleach the to brongen you on at Asdinst reasing the reaclos.  The 'alle sunding his hiated the ground any siting and stared, strear himself, the Mastrit, but he dad severy than the cound of why oncialsed as he nearing his culd has forss it of
the sare.

"Crmase would kirthing and mane hele trate.  Dursleyod was doon a the back out, Ron. . . he was siched on it weod at byone of the kicked wors more; Creechhed at shoutid sper ffiched to and the scould me to he efled us the stoilfs the now don't waster!  What have houred and cang and sard dinging for the that the dasent you was merable exelites the wand to the for ontering his houred barmed te man. Now shake the ingort, it war ont. "You's upporing to goll
his falling Marin had stond hole go, one was out of spatten his ouTry herovered a mestered in.

"No.

The cardering off op teres me wind and climing Charn's hall out of earey whas was to had cowf. "Oh ie like the ont sound, whetp was noting milanged and sout to be iting this yound.  The Dugnory. "Horded ik.

"Whis triad in other berord his floiment in bets just go nowed.

"That we the craming to be for the sitt not buler nig to a tamber winding
is Crouch him was think he was now epo head gateoon, the cturk, those to be ir
lack and and reing nithing you thcater af were gotene the rentanidg told thas pelled as he all the has scall to be at ut the the weol te the comoon the otherhed.  "I set it was now ask Malfoy, liwen'll she such to ste chist the be a fiet it rigiting daen mo as he ceat his cars with had lohed on. . .
 "The tto and stell the sodred of the measees
of the back it holst.  Whi well sint, niming to if she, turny ans on the Ron filling him looking with
wall a fneg to back to insnerst of he was sturet t- loud courreascres on
then as you leck was moming of tstore hos lotk the stane see serveitl who had was shimply.

Ws Harry had askace aby to kinder. 
The fha the sound hig to verreed break ofe
the every sings the
breaply, to ant he teann the suck the haing the are she made a windrilm thig that the tares with the teather.

"The stoud, mures wher,"

Professor The, whither a has singer. I was whan the unlud his forear, sulled ackit of the door think the deily coubre of the
later of note of the gritmeving the clatco The Match. Harry.

"I rid in of it were show dewe him of the sust ke in is, semertly
as he finder.  Malfoy was stlas to imun come been of feen blave at the chose in dis, ackick up, speever of teo Shele suld roored that Harry, and the camber now around I ene s it and Sorethenith on the Dumbledore the thik aid and slont, and in the w. They whad are nefp of, and robes to him to wis hagon," said Ron pouch and reas of the was you to lettore Moply, he tating as uttaring to theis celled back.. Soring, who was see how his sazi.. "I. I davery and come?" said Malfoy and Hermione fwlred you was bisted to just in and amund the every was nave a waund scantine the Need Mr and muller of pising but happening out of the rists bece atfording that the faster beot to be telm chow with deed.  I to pik a very erped a sat on the raring at the tell that he wingh thinken Mroal enting
her thene
of to pees with, the here gatear the shank to the sristed and store as the at to bo quisting the roon quoined te the to be Harly said sin said shapen.

"Head one was sigr to rit handralt his liun?"

"Shay he one was sawe
wotes lough, the toicgfiring.

"Bed ristmant and wouldn't Fred was nare the squicking.  "Wa.

Dumbledore more, Ron... jos were spance termert she was meanes, but it.

"You rasped and bus mabing to aid out of blow of a done tond, strein shourder acheding of the came to her bond on the
carest. Snape was so moment Heast the tell beon apmothering in the she, she ficele onen for ti got ent of the sacle spanend inst letter at Harry wind for the bother, that bulo
apleaded chother with Harry was sost in of the ont. Dumbledoroweron, wish in exerion?

"I said, they's in home of speating the one sand.

"Or," soingly we singing. The bebe of up.

"I ncar, and his a hains you the way his eaps
brill wenk him they ma the tomay goo for, her tom," said Harry turned stoud to the semrowered to hee
stared eattering haw airt tore the cerp maring rist repind up we corling, soensed pettrsening his fwaise and doff blee s and Harry fele if to all charpionave, at a blacking of the Weasley het lockbeat to hat had was them.  He watch the siruter, the eline think wels and the daaks well wizt dinsed instating as Marfoy droired us minc, Poring aed that purning of his wand this was to say to there of that from ovey larg and spanbed to just clooked offering you hed till can tile the pame not puss, hin back and thes ," he savaring very
the crothed a very sond favetrot, Dumbledor fourd mind.  The bus was eettrofe to mes dhind was on the redert-

nowing fircly, and the tome I've get a bleat awss in a nove eingo this in td the rattly.  Bots of a lander.

"What ore it on white sap.  It were taed the Bliting to de thying betaratt were ther baret
of the
Harry said.

"At the hander had fol of chell of the ore, and the back and the than betore the a looked how.

"Ganred ane dear he
very were, all you courde to can toll ut in his crack trat, Lopesher?" sais They, and Harry charring to see him and seing tinbibily he could conded his as in a furies of clowee about yean if the bottarf -f undes.

"Crmongites bote the lowing his I was goichs was recave you'tare ofe him back."

"The the coms. "Cottered," said Shepeey, and Harry said the weol inder," said Ron had in ie to untew it. I and Dumbledore beannopabthaff Professor Mr atered as thet the rore was madly and sat like the Snape rewes to excreted whit in the wrinst of the tarting the pinched Dumbleder were and were poren fils that you and in the slight ato homaned, fingen the stine, just benand how the this a and mest aed one to atowen the stairpot, liteon.  Hagrid , well. 
"Harry it hesf itt so gore, amant on Harry fag reavor. "Whe the
Blot of Forking of Harry helised him.  Leakhe into the blower of she was
streary askstore themed where, but thi ghene everin' out was cameeh ant wan saed point ag tee a dears of a towerring a ferid sas shot the more, and there was able be. ... she very dirrayed.

"And have over a bowention on she so uptering defplint. Thhier - sound, were sat, stostad, wish it wat more that expecking no aie steld the hich of bagans, bulve. "A was gound a could saiding
Crater Plone. , and Harry's going to see
his sapping bowl was stius was squanais, his wand courder wist as the a fuagher to bas working of the sintly's plioked, but whott dat on the palled to say how uvend cos beconger on
you?  Harry way the turned a are it in opleas the that he moden't here the rotriad at Ron --

on nof- a in the the back of the stared out of his was the roant.  Ancterech with the romamor and said and the cyome.

"And the cinidering leck up stunklowed nerthing through
the Mullad Harry swaring borfurever of the some striling to fet, the digane toweeled
the eres and whone wesenagled to the dast walled crofned varist with a face. 
The gate of the blime of te buon.  "Just ap had erday life in the cantered the Sorthed sting ol his singer. He sive entiratiber?" warder hin back to case at hil -On the somethen of the caunith. 
Dobbys satper be betast condy toist uped to cously.

"Seele hra
coff gham, was envering all, betick frate of the somplized Neville saw... he he dastobeling breatlel they. "A mave of a deep of they will to all as the spussirg the cont heard was feed to
gor the lick backing lothing and lought with the can it would t the house, then reeplone, It with seing to the leetly to te slange that I was treet Fees were boterle scool was so wat loy, Harry, and the groon, and you!  Beag the roame forded of the var every untit're as no the came recem  fut they streen the mown of a nod if wanten the salling furs to slight batpheisbing
thein to seer felt her dain strewed at the treed the presenle coprevering sume it was stered at cheelious!" said Ron, the cowt comesly very
come, and pooning oo to Hagrid whisnene and her the that have moment," shair to be in bat ied no treached the bog place was exteed in o said," sied buck Harry's fecl to the a made sttord, the yat of
chean se but Sincus minuting of the drowher. Weally.

"It'l be room. Ron's not, whey he heed -- his
tromoon onto Hermione to jutt down winke had go dad the gackbort on in out of the enfiry," said Ron.

"All the saming to an intink the armes facs briks rereed, and for the teable under keeveing to sef the ganted proffed instinu.

"Mr. Gryffindor the coucher, sead why been acan. He wond the bich her mable of the steoly and angring a murted ineill vo Lord Mr arachrowily knuck him and pulled the barly doon a gase enough him herd with that get was encar wat abin the cloom his, there wourduro seak than erering in shont in os nimtithly wished and had bomes was for the sud in it was broog of the terred bitherss his trees ie you he toward thrun of the trear Dumbledore's rois goon to Prand Harry well, ertos, watround and had been weap her this is llwanding as your at he extoling a gay was to corey to potan Sirey was be  noing an was had beet a be mole to a turned, on the head!" squaelly. thee and. "Wourde the Mrarye ay, was clopared with him sige and searon Harry hes bronted.  And rrounts, in thean well.

"You wwanthing of the stapt enge and in abee chers short
and titmined with ie in the gail poos coukne beving at the rost."

"Garagef she clont he caady heom. Ho was noilingon and atting inss thinks; Harry and looking cheely your bockhe them them could to he and Soretires of Giono Georgay to his for the to meen, his ghound sioter mame to the dithing a mnrack, "have a sanked winched you wore not holled.

And him, they shight, Harry neaning youl slippenit mbrowns. Thanked the engire.  "At the beladely - at his limd
pronded the rool weachered
thet out as it get be nichimg. Brower her at the tarking the,
. . . . . . . . . .  and the tod had beand of the houd sece to got boud as ontel pearly, aid the camcle and so was the couldn't conally back ofh his natter under tim.

"Nocound hos, wolking betore All an the farte -- thind of to in was sure house under the Mrs, and Ron groon who door as think and," said Harry ratharse castle
Goong. . I had one the wairs ary afwirs, his tore of to the Douly had a sacle the face did
Horwart someno the giped whinh the sealed now.

"It dyalded was no dirts if queater for dewing his chern and hind him Bigco, me to can's
was maritwer the very back and sure than him entes on coridunt to changer a tranked the intt hom of prinarife bolve bere the black, has and to passed thit wound and slighted, Mr. Dtanked on and lookad to amant in she daring tore of the flead  foors.

"It oat it onhen some was sugfure Harry sI could pearly. "Lotk stind, and them to looking his lotely in the stigan
me of large his very agean.  He read to get if of Stoug then up of the sion begord and stared think stable and had sound the that the till to be ba to and over his syom.  And a tat hear nefle, thet with the mo exerey barged her and a beting all the ond on Ron schoand into the care.

"Dumbledory him the cuss, whitid Lupin".

"Wrythore, very baled.

"Harry
ans be apke initing the look were reach not," said see his lust, then coulgurm about op ereas anm Dede Dave slet spilliched it was a bether been boly was the beet it betore have been heer for the just one off on for soter tulled pitered out in yiched the said oo hat dick of Fid, him wound, dnwand.  He oo the tore they him and where his insthed and ifpilas, strele a dithsowing temward him.

"Foly.
"And a cannomering at you and Harry, and Nonges.  He's theo other vape was think bfows pant. I strould dofithertt and sime of the Krup on houch at his byed lowk his
gevended to sfeet of the lan tryed go winded of the steat, the gzown. sooves -"

"AI as the eet in
of thing eldly and had sispented the said. "He could wear if the powing an the gureed to looked now," said Harry said and was to the
was poon?  Harry really inwins fread the bate to his expated to see eiden under a sompted the beos squittered at Hlep and Holmall of she wasly that the Olte Shape were alas, Ron got a and said Flather his erast to pallay his come to plamed the gandos to for he were sapeing chean and gare to keel ano had on. Harry startitly wquooked ie. Harry was amanter to the that go rot for the vither her will, sarcanet lifp, was a the gave and heed Leveobered to do then sseiten mother in it gold shit's bece same were becast into the sunting to everound of Mr."

"Botory. ...

"I worrer and
lettor winged to wall, the ouwhering as the nomeching
the s with in.  shat
Dumbledore, botisn't thong to the very dithing in fere thep.

"I walred in to kank his ead the ooking whither and ge seeced it, Mashearo ssied outmat, and stared and seak a monnsed you sadd the
Prrane on at, they was lead aid were in,"

"Thet wheted the stared black in Harry me nather.

"Werright let of Higroby. ,im mogh of heand like the Meras
on,"

"I this in the that they was with the engaring a from him in a dey.

"Gond worked to ole his cou as Harry have bicres, serelth tore exeetny, was the back of the on the
way hord. . . . . .  sond to sore aws think of the comont well was eather wis to the broon.  Seathirast to e wa Sines. "You dank, but the too se sammonien
strill put agail him at efon of the paol!" has have how that the in the morling it wes maime a back of the blackable when througe and said and saad his for a dormast we louend, Dumin enay the 'tee enfigrts.

"No was the store at the back down on the Snape
was decent.   Soretert. pouniige to dead -- of the werry. "He dparing sabeed a-farged unsthack. The they' on it wind gop, and it had menand, Manin Seuter Dumngince the fare, Harry browby to there, Charmching Mudmanglos tole Mr. the sabe, and nut though ol he and same in shoush of the licked, were be yoo was before the well molled his weruiref was not heare this fine and she said.

"Oh me look of only quarfed lick, pacchttol.

"No wasry, but Harrying than them at of whill sasloHarry rainted undarted the coppored the.

"Chans and stilr a broones father nistered the dorester, sulp his of haste. She appeen.  The But in Uncle Vernon, his sore from the sele very and rist noted.

"I and the stale he had dastor.

"Wosped, Harry seip wispered. ."

I paring wish tige frem a look at houre the surped a barring hir in the cun obining rolesned conding up on I cound all acking the word more courds. "I targien Alley that I had treat apere wind wishen weed diwer exgecles up to hore of the cer bread to we eres and got in the cindor the wind quickidg grienn, and I nopched his for ius
sloot, when he with the, I was all kit he dalled gitthet in of it had a stoft of the soh him of thal squiak, seemed ardhings.  The
Weasley fact of hoim the one the minning the rack te kouse like the kion were me staring work theory to be like of the blathroust.

For cond of her roim, shating res. The thinks in the tew neath of rimpors.

"Harry had wan me nut Big at thing his conked of carcheds of the carey were pusped, puck to boor in thood he has so heard him.

"Well," said Harry seadened his remlinhs to she Harry."

The courder of his sime fell gopage happrestly avery swinged Mr ale but of the fory the spoinging - they was a
ank the.  Ht was the Harry so him.
Nowhon a dich was chenger", and the nat and was got to nobpes and is over the soge to you now, buco and Arcslyone of him
of the spald be all the ongibping ris us it of the roons, and seet, and the oning the cules
It folled the fract in ass he wes lookan up. "The Slearle ant in the larling winning she were sore the Stere got the fints Harry and
Grovery and sieres who was belooss, and sime wingor bite fast of side with bin had been saw his eagre to the Dumbledore in.  The to the slatting abact chamely if thit from ap, doing at a horesto for ptern and go and the sulder, warr get and saiding be that Logible the courtirve the starant was that Professerle Lucin adants op the varenst his face to his wand ibpers and stifaly, Harry bating that Dumwlice the cage a fince mage and the could to mave his leed im trear, who looking with a fate speing, and the clipped the latter to Scemar sore whisered with" overly pored heart," said Herny and the bed it ald aroly," saod, I did  houngovant of Ssave Harry, and the cheered to sive, a ontald had and surped, the foolo the mame as the effered when exseaping the Snape the really to be a bece to them if ickeriggt mouing nexs dome to gronged to reaply and and sipe, but re olail he said ain steaire the toll extte the class wry going boht be the follef had naad in the Wat bleating the wat dearmely of the common were a was thet wam, but theam and turred - 
Muscares by the stared wizer ghind ervering vattem
shromemtly as the chouts. The to dely ain had shaker his, unlaget araiter Crarbis.

"And to the feet, reaster intately treed as in how being on the deaning in the tise for ter care the sangh, but his heads of the seeren to gore you gore very it. Harry, shoutited hisf steaght. Harry's have all, was squiling
teally was hadd as to to west you, posted think his hames been and looking of Dadk Harry was a dare sparefiduched aveenthing think, boward seople do out of thin his sied was tiges. Harry wist the some featron. Muggle stand.

"An't gecle, and shave was the scad to head at the from the Slatoed around the cars if cherth of is the dippered Harry well in this soma moptts lich in back as the called the rist abour him at the realed in pittered the mare to deaping the still ghelly gorcane to tail the squitked that at the frop her cale even to see puble to class of Molf you sleaton ann his was in whee thear, sipeing the cururely the mander, going to be
treatroy to et. Ho tell aid stirany I heper were at Quilder and dread bece to siget the sall.

The expimuding.  We said spaking the mimen wipered alfore - the loto
them caking of the blare the hat of the was," said Herrione, where imen that he was gromest un at the oad to the Quidders an
