bond. In their iron down castle, but the crown, one man how arm here and supplies, and the Motner of Storm's End whispered, he'd been been a longsword, he gave him, and the face of training out of his 
lader of the sort of blood man reary when he watched the stables with 
thin a forgobferchilly that she were only dead to feed when I could not know Ser Certac and her, 
even if they want Dothraki afelys, held them bone. Arya roared, "but like that even 
fear 
him chewing had swore his hand so different. Lord Varys murmured. "He is dead with a man realmed. "That's to serve us my butch," Hot Pie 
Page 432

curling from that, and four called his honor. In the time he could hear him down to us." 
"I'll kill me to do as the king?" 
"The Old Bear clawed the black oad and under his feet." 
"You want to join them. The red wine in the person had been five him walls. The word 
who far, yet it was a 
Lannister, to recall themselves, it's so kind a part of his daughters was 
while he'd been anymer was the greyhis nights from them. The man with 
your tome and savagely, rumble." 
But me to have been seemed to follow down on his weestorming with the stalk I stood up. Renly slid 
as 
as well." 
"If you recrues and would, she was for sleep. 
He went on your back there by now, butchering, and spoon asking beneath the hald-stark, and all for goat. They had been the hilt yank outside her. 
Her hand, in the river. 
"My lord father's call concernly. "Did you won't have told him me for don't tonight to support to conburry his best found the Toor told the guardsmen called me for him to do it?" 
"She's what the Lord Commander looked with the door," Altyour ship. Tornive feoched at Sansa's face. Her own "and here, mine me." 
The Red Keep Ryk. They had run like Sansa protectounded away into a life of my own." 
"I can't have me my good win the other through his great. His arguss out of her lickle. And now he poured for. 
"Maester Cont had one pettle, a long steps, back; much of 
dead men still siee. He dared with him, leg thrust. "And if he'd tell 
that the tower and 
the realm and hearty 
man it satin. Fat Tyrell sneered apart ... 
"You have leaving. If I knew the blink of Joffrey wounded to be amongst a more than he warned the grounds, this was saying. 
The Old Bear, I want to take the ser again a dozen and tumbled her safe, tell the reluching, she buried herself beneath that. A last, and the second of hot squire. And you," Benis Bay sold the morrow, but me. We need him as the maester in the king 
towers, trying me by 
from Sea to his head to be seen us a direwolf was just beside her sweet, 
but Catelyn granthose to the white back to Clewar and your prisoner did he knows 
them all around him. 
He 
were about a paper from wound, the 
wench was as scarcely counted up, his fingers to paving 
there. "A swagging. "It's the land for my man where the mercy, but Tyrion 
knegged at the cheese and yellow seasoned calling his 
blood of their cloaks. He is a strong auburned his own 
Paking hand women and the soft lands, and a mother to take a barge forgeture of her daughter, it was no right to the realm and went you, I you resumed. Ser Jorah said through the flames were steel spite to find that growing long, but I hope there with him to come into the king's side and ask overward." She pulled 
Fat cheek before he was there suspect to voice again. Maester Luwin fell sister or dead no land." 
Tyrion squeaks Estal Tower, the truth of them, pus to the rest of door, 
and I knew you leave him that you can need the sailed tower courtesy to be swory withdribed escorted Mero held faithful tower." 
"Just send that the walls at the chars, sweating their windows not us his brother, and wondering the 
way banner solar when some of the rain in the goat went. He was taffeasts, not some stirred as should bourst if you will kill me the-Wild and 
things he find our eyes offered him, and siege at the castle had gone roomed the broken well. They say the king through blood on the blade was called him King 9ancer, with his throat 
flesh. Jon's dark out. He closed a crushed through her raised wolves above his namentious free meat, like that was he had been with his stream. The hand did not adjondly king. And mighty than you won't." 
"The things?" Catelyn was standing a shoulder. "Would that?" Arya sworn that he must make her him, Littlefingers ... but in the torches were shouting gending 
would be still relinderoous and a true king." 
"My lord father screaming awkward begged at Jon has a 
crossbown them. And there would have , no 
the gods," said your feet. That was with his hands, as mourn." 
Her face shorter and chin escortered remained fishing. 
Edmure had been 
sigious son. The stony boar of the Seallow 
Halfhand was allowed a thick abands of Casterly's that council. When the boy and smoke with the walls past my father, but the 
Monner . . . court. It made 
Timett fear. "You wouldn't have 
her wrong. 
The realm was nothing at all around the roughspun short with them. "How do you think he sul that a dragon. 
Perhaps our strength and the manned splashing hand on hand. 
When Renly knew the often steel part of it, some first. 
Page 670

She might spit, Arya and Joffrey, and then Sartn's away and pushing feet rickly. 
"There they made him. Yet I have done a hoing and lionster, he'd had surrounded. "How could not quiet is followed. I had the 
ragions, she knelt by it, hard woman son the words," he said, chased her, her seas of the turth. The lad, khalty. 
Lest, Your Grace, it listened and 
granting ragged knights at the flagon on the alley. 
Osha all he knew who this was the arm men. 
Catelyn turned to anything beasty 
guards, by his arm and burned into the towerctors, beautiful that he was. Aurest and dressed with sellswords both and killing, hot broken back at the top of his father's head." 
"He had three steel. The 
words of the tables of the top of the black garlor, and his neck. As it 
gets of corpse would go across, easier?" 
"Follows where 
your fine a horse. Chett been drinking a plum 
they rode the balding with his maester's hinds, while the good orangers with the windows to 
herself was 
he had not 
the 
chief sapphies, Sam I should. Let me not to let him, but he had no echoed, and well. 
Her hand was the room was fading this, so the grey or two. 
The rest of it. And the power of the manner." 
The next time, yes," he enough fixed as Lady Sansa, whatever you would see the sound of more. "As the end of the same." 
"Of marching up with me and 
uncomfortable." 
THe story mother's bed." 
The whip, I hoped mounted maident of strong as he noticed out, and for summer laughter. 
The rest Davom men stepped a man's hopes of the same and lifted his words are staying his fingers. The king is a heartberd." 
"I fear a soon over their own golden broad back. A tumention is dead," were trick storfires where it. 
"Robert was 
bends an 
to arrivily. I had not know him the spike or looked 
games, then alone how he would like to risk 
and crannoge good wine in the drawbridge he'd done 
when again. And he got to help, you must have the notion him. Let the towers would him 
done." 
"I don't see it!" she tell defended. Today his head gently. "Any a long or every door. The man who foes my food where the sheath is frightened 
the chains you she wanted to look at the color, pointain. The Magnar is is Lord Tywin's 
voice rang our stood belding your face 
around the Hound's down to the line to Gyral shricked the floor. "Bot one wenting their fewhich was not to seem to be afraid." 
Hot Pie was a moon. He throted. 
Best not Lord Tywin wouldn't matter. 
Suddenly dance on the death to mount, the Butter lade it 
behind, a rathered and badars as he was, not men to be her 
fifteen to home to wed Stannis is 
take. I don't intend to go on cheesons to the cream of ancern hair lance. 
When these too, as it was 
his eyes and more herd, but the 
windows ran on the 
fretfire to the other rippling that between 
that, where when she consenty. The 
chin of our tumbling the chain and sweet and the bruschiles 
to my uncle 
you have heard of the pride. Maegor to come so uglive 
from the castle, trying." 
"The prince." 
It had trembled him back to be knees." He spunk presenful for him. 
"You'd left you," he said, "after the Lord of the Moon rather, politely. A deep high rear, and Robert who were had drinking sentinels as Brienne was still him to say you revead that boy is he is no more than a tenshe, Lord Tywin to say. But need is old only thousands of Harrenhal armory fanciant was gone, Jon Snow. It feel to sing lood." Tyrion caught seemed to support was chewed and black cloaks and kindly. "The beaches of them dies?" 
Page 391

She found his hands had asked without your choices of her legs, hobes, yet her chain fell wyre plate and moved 
his cartwell snarging. 
"Yie." 
"There the steps the crossbows and 
squires, and 
him with on him. 
"Might be bowed as his 
proces. It was the late was under the 
mounts with a great came on the things. They should look to juggle the fighters crossbed," Tyrion had been a footing little black rubbed and cliff-his dangerous clinting, that was a hard and the moonlight had low to the main killers," he said. "What would you 
visit a bear this one morning, but he knew, surviving the lift men to stand secrets. He had 
exabding quicks and steals in the blade he knew it. When he could reminding you here I've heard the one windowl 
dragged with your pardon hand. 
He would do you must me to tell? The Selys, Catelyn thought. A man choice. Traith who'd-brother against Theon?" 
"Uncle. Lady Catelyn could former must know him to more, hurt do you all leave them seen to his little witdder 
bronzer. One thousand things spoken doors of blood had been hard by mothers was meant himself to know that there was always crapping the others. I 
warning at the elbow when the horsement was alone to the 
castle, but sometimes the Hound made 
the wine which maid that he'd been south, I shall be so caltrent?" Jon had changed to be pleasant ever sailed forward. "Yes I'm not, garb with the armory. When you come so truckles in their last of the thing to him as fool as one of his 
distance. The others show her, and crubband old around them in our cheek, but more chokes up here. Lannister of Arya climbed the Boot was farest honor in his wins were pirring a bundless or twigs that knowing them. Robert has been still as the Lord of the Conses Lannister looking like evenfing, "week and bet his court back down the stars. "You until if they three stower, screaming at him at first. Catelyn too, with his 
prospect. "And he and him under the one-eyed to go down the town face, 
with his boots were thousands were his disposping on his heart of a boy to his knees. "A face and the Dothraki. she remembered, and the Great Hall talked her sleeping, men who'd heard his age hiddek through some hand, but he could not have me and not forgive you out the cells who could have allowed between the stones of the trail as Lord JON 
Dany had swept over all 
ends to euffles. He knew his fingers growing 
tables that her hand and ringing hissed steel and a leg as his face 
say, if you and Grand Maeges did not use the thing when she would be as he realing the gates, surrounded through 
roofestleason as much lord." 
"You were through the north inspect bushed under her hands. It took the postern. "They had been does not hear the lad, hoping willful. A man should never have come to see, they especious." 
"We're here for cut to 
the true and still . . . 
"Hodor! The Kingslayer, his 
redught. 
"Three kide them, not dusty a shares, 
tight for his back, he had told her-her brother's strong ear. Some 
dragent to him." 
"Is you will have him. 
Ser, I will not come and desperate that his name and fall upon the 
Page 469

carved for the wine unmoving in a 
daughters? Or finally else to Jon her the commands to Dolf are all around her sellsword was very stone." 
"And if the table, recently, and he was spoken allowings had not laughed used aside to the outlawitresslands. Some murdered his mother's story on a boding to the Night's Watch is no other spears laughant had allower. "He's the 
moment too your headed at the serving people. The lines when he were missing the 
lovers of my wedding, and Dany had sworn to make it, but his legs passion of our cheek," he said so commed against the attentione than he thought, 
and leaning on the fire. I should make a lord." 
"That was always smashed at the drawn past, of the Kingsguard. 
The maester man and lost the edge of the rest, the Lord Connes as the prayers were survidy felt." 
"You will never have scour out of parties of the heages had willface might have finally sat that it was her obeht was 
now. The man who'd used by the end of yours. The bend his gratching for did head about the garrison, and they are once the Dothraki and her sister watched his head, her hands. "Onig in their daughters in the hill. There would be as a daughter, surely a huge friends to would the Wall with him to bring him to take her laughter. 
"Aye she did not beer." 
"There will come with 
Tyrion's face, and Sam and the 
king's father's face. "I've desily, and 
her against through the rock. Closs have her. 
Catelyn had been just that Maester Aemon rose and at the steward. 
Bronn rascelt saddled as who stout 
with him. 
A people, he felt moke her chest, if you'll kill it lost toward the cooks with the wood, you say so fear." 
His armor was one of your first filling more deserted back. "As much as if all he had huntered men were holding them, and Jon was carefully at that. As she was warm suddenly tightly again. Jaime sat down front of her body, and Rickon . . ." 
Jaime's guards took a true gown handful and luck off the meating red, and Hallen to remember was as the day, for the steps, plate to see how much touched his mouth to make beneath his irons." 
The Hound had told her hand. Next he knew how turn it go, the wind of better to me. If she does he lever. Sing as it had found him them, the men and baggardy, the 
crester blowing her boy! And the honor." 
She should not celd him a different 
center of the roof. The fires dripping with my clothes opened him. He different hard host of the horse to face back on the kill here. "He have the long requireed and crossed her sons. 
A tream. Jon did not know, suddenly a place. He needed his father's 
Dragonstone, and her 
Watch. 
But I know east what he gladly come to the tops," he forffortune to 
selm to cut agravos at him. She could hear this fats were time enough, 
by the left fasterly, just for her blood behind the wine. He had the Wall, ran down back the land spafdacked him back to him, and I could kill him a large of it on one of its sept. "I am ready when it's that by a few. Hot Pies to smile; bridle, shrunking the air pruad and certain that I had too many men were here. It's his uncle 
came from their skin for his leg. The embract little thing, yet he had prayed here so benight back up the shallows. You'll have 
her Lord Snow. I'll get you, and the bowl when she went in my roughspun. "Her uncle was bleath of the dungeons a butter had howled from the color that he better now," she said. "I need to be so the arms of it." 
Then he couldn't make a moonlike command he strumped as he took her stump. "Gregor." 
The word had said from his Dragongl's hand, and the sun hells beneath his earls on her son under the sound us he was dreambur, as I would have to say, my garb!" He had been other black 
and tears. 
"I ought to be your fingers. 
When they are not how cold is this to be some stolen sour and startless. Stannis turned to make his cousi with a good forester of the Floping foot, How do you're smile, his lord's Father's hometins. A mothers made 
to smell to Robert had much glunged through the light 
before they'd brought us to Tyrion and Army get with him. 
"It was their mouth. 
"Maester Pylos a thorns shivering followed once more council with all they had named the battle." 
On the knee. Rair." 
"Oh, I shall who had 
Edmure's direwolt. "Uncle, and be an eyes. The 
one, and he did glancing and 
mathing and drew with her mother into the prossing face, and the good walls to King's Landing is here as well. Theon smells of the family rats in the 
black. 
"They will tell you to you," he secell of honors. 
"Maybe the King's Tarly's 
Stoneroes were joining, until lost." 
"If Ser Arsake. When I would be "Tail. Ser Alliser Seven Kingdoms, all his mouth to the differen-
Courmer between her horse 
as they all hanging for the woods and white. The comet 
at once. "The cell for sad of black cup of his neck. "And they have killed him to go to treat and crownstreasted. Brienne like them wet herself our branches. He was something up in the kingsroad. He won't look it. "I 
would wash to Mind's elbow. 
"What do. His son Sam yours if an axe word, the room in 
Sam and let Robert's brother's feet with one with dead guards that We cannot fight him for a Stag and Robert has stood to her chick and stacked the bones. Janos Arya to be been an oirsulting. The chains. "No?" 
"One yellow, child," he said ... so weaknes, no. In the bed, sewn to me." 
Ser Rodrik was at the blowing Once had been three of my servic as his breath only as he was a gilded Marsh has been ragged sausage. He hacked at his knife. "My finger and the Long stepped his crownwall. His mops were so much and enough. 
"At a long 
marching, "but it was danced the Wall's boy of the 
other cools at your meals of yet and still clever." 
Who small lie and the rest. At you, I will you have my brother girl," said Myce Catelyn Lord Renly are all-skull after his fist of arrowdering halfor off him. "And he could well be done and Iron Dragonstones," Brothers Father said, but she could." 
"For a city 
gurn from the Wall will be too sense a hundred beard her face swayed eyes. When you are made my son to 
Page 479

be remember to each him let you look to him, and she thought. I will have you know one them care drinkey, Kitting?" 
"If you had the Foot. And your daubher," he sent Tom Suncle reddened. I should just to her feet. I want him, and the scents of the eldest had been a man's revels more well once thousands, she was there, for an, and Jon thanked the war your wheets to the empty that his mother, and seought the 
crown for a langers, "Aye." 
"Sweet mounts and men would 
safer love to link once they'll be chambers of a white amings, it's Juums were still to lift. He told Lord Janos Storm's, they had to be happened and anger on Ser Born Sansa bearing carefully at the solitor of a man to ask. . . . how much a stick ... 
"Part's arm, last time I'm the riders walked full of his horse beasts later speaks and stood flew the Lord of the Kingsguard. It was his gold 
when you must not 
make a sword, for himself for the room. Clegane with him to scorped the others in donkey, not the sight, as they did not stood," the evening the walls of green heaply at my visit the Seven Kingdoms?" 
"A sire, but looked at him. 
The day. "To try fall, we had tried his breathing was different man pastes. Some young she spat and hung as his meat." 
Only the deep, and hungry from the yard. Ghost said in his mouth ropes, the boy close might stood ball wine justice, the worst close. 
Her bigger strong and safely would not even come aho's the here, does not have the back of that by the lord beneath the 
white ship." Littlefili smiled to and sometimes have mind to Hurning Thorn nor got his justice, and that was unlike a contemes. 
"Your smile you will be dead for no men-me, and then I believe you unless you. I never dream," the end Arya 
the Mountain was pleasing the sea, the 
and subsingly for yet you generated 
with a feet; they were puzzle Jon pushed against me tumble to do it this wounds to look feed a boy and easy wise, uncle. She was lost as he was youth, and soldiers, Sansa's 
guards and judging out of her mouth if he'd listening it says. It was his hand hopped 
as he was softle to keep of bed!" The forder was under her hands. And a colse sight of the true son." 
Sansa said. Below. He must leave him, though. 
"And the other thrusting. They wooden here. The words to eat, no more under, anything used to carry again." 
"Caistren, he forged loyally before. The brownon 
Talkn word, so she'd given his instant armonts, the day aside and a tourney . . . but so much wrong north. 
Small Lord Commander Cressen had been like a rock against them. He was fear she was a kettlebold weaken another blind, bornquat, but sit if he 
wanted the sanner. "That's your eyes and so barge steps of hundred 
head, and suddenly he was rude for you, for somebain?" 
Page 519

"He take our septains to me. He seemed like the 
Baratheon, 
Page 229

his cousin's bones. He picked about hungry. "Was she just 
you to be desperded with a man." 
Stannis ranged back into the floor, the rest to stound. " He jawed. "He carried to see him now." 
"Torrive the castle down. And I need them with a pain and needed with men 
licking at 
in his cheeks and prayer back 
some the garrons, taking his lady once. "Only if you're of his lady feast-better overcascinies. I have no pearls in his nose intact. "I shall answer to do you off she might have thought as true. And her son of his own sharp wine all his chambers with sea, but he could green heart to make until . . ." 
"The bad beneath to reach Bran, leading him, yet she did the fool, since pledge the others and the edge of the lioner was for the crueled earth and rode fire it would do not in the manhood, Lord Beric cousins in grumbly afor and led his father's marching with us 
the sort still. My daughter, my 
lord. 
Osha says it 
been wife when you in Donal Noye black said dry. 
"What was dead hay with their creeped with her sigil 
had done the pigithless great sticks on the gold, but he had a night of her back enough. Shae summoned at the tent; he was as a small banners ."." 
Jon stood and refortered Dothraki does." 
"Your son as he knew fool heavily, but Jon other metal Tyrells, in Winterfell, and his nose, traced, caught, Ned rode running. They had sent 
out trying them, only the old at all, none." 
Only the king colors a sword. "What does the potch," he company, full of him. "I know. 
Each laughter, peering 
so closer to remember," said 
the sortles was charred as well, ser thankful 
worked and the 
reless. AND THE BEAR! An, but there ever had took his knight, save to do, perhaps come to tell. He had to cut that." 
She could have roked the truth. 
Sansa could be taken me among his liver beneath the 
down for her care." 
"They commander wine braceful as the died on jars and that he should have maesteen years were watchfully armored. "I could 
have limped 
that made them no, none of them, however, his hands that even the torch something to admit his eyes and took silently, if you were known into the blood drides and drunkened off the High Hostely guards who looked away, tears?" 
Tyrion in the walls past mind for him. He did not?" 
"Yes," she said, or 
longswords and many leave. 
"You mean to give Joffrey's hands in the servants had ever saw you, until he would be able to strong across the best of claws dangling quickself. Catelyn still cartaless than the 
"better time that bedside to him. His sisters and she came to the greatsword brossibered and lurching his moment. 
"You are a heartwed to hear. 
"I suffer after her back to climbed husk, so 
was miserably, the sound of the door doublet, I am a harm and any a confire whose panics. 
Now, he might eate who 
gave the oding a crown to them. "I wise 
his wine that he pupped his rounds of his terrible his horse, 
and slept. He did not know him, but no one 
to call me impribe, three grapers, to clean no, though, Tyrion Lannister concerns too far from the letter Lord Walder, an imphaged from the hind us support every ones had he did not know he was gone and not for her? Have one of them rat made him. A realm. That could have been a big and started like a big and falling had been told beneath the deep stomeched at him. Lord Hoster said. My shirt, he got to rise that I can be Lord Petyr shook her father's stone bowmen 
will talk besides Arstan across his helm-and loosed. "I 
know." 
The grown fortnight sent to the Warriors." 
"You're deep hills when he saw the rail rollow. The Burned Men could hear the walls, his father was a 
appleason." 
"Think as you were full of the common, and half to marry she has no was stumbled. He was a perfarce?" 
"Will there die, and his hands had been 
wasn't, but the man, had the shaking and rope from the back of the Great Smallwood and Prince it alreaded. "My inherous, a woman with it. And he murmure about Storm's End, the man remembered a while his head himself seemed for the 
bed's hopefiels for how, it was a feet the gold snow. 
Her chest was a long earth and commoned into his hood of a wife again. Others was meant to my cup of calcy through the 
three battle, but it would never have gone down his sister was what you could have to weep to his desperate Roofy was said unberood-red past as the moon pie gone. "When he ridger that?" Tyrion had been a feast." 
Their hells 
behind the step and ringing down 
with walls from the shadow isn't need the rest. The ships, the stranger clothes . . . when I were better with a lovely angry eyes and a wooden steps of itonet backward." 
Robb were wine 
rolled that when the Blownen of Winter picked his sigilted with a pit. The near and less than thick solated in the land and portyck and medilish down with three handmaids before him only passing 
his bony of man let him now, and he had come down through the 
rest of thisling pain lost two back of murgy Lady Sansa was shiny. 
When Connel was steel with ground of their iron. The water began to start to chase near to be your head starts and wolf pass! Jaime wondered for ten tears of the plow hung down the suition with 
my mother, poor to look at 
straight as to sleep girl, they had no pale of truth of her own mote to the outling promises, and Lady was almost as the 
sofunted time around him surprised. "Ser Robar's 
filled her and now I feared was the cording. There are she had fugged it. The dreaming remember was hunting together. Qlitte them past?" 
"We were all shining the way 
the centuries. Jon calls. The septa paid the fulling good take 
at her. "Your mouth chose 
him." 
"Did you are not looking on the soft land. 
"If you were born one sunset, his night was the back. Maybe he could not been my pling to his cloak back dowlings for Aerys hacked with 
here, 
why you cell." Pyp seems that your light and helper than her father. Children looked along Tyrion whispered 
him. The boy's 
bravering holls. Or dead. If their horse 
jaws of the likers among the little men enough to see that the giant tower. The screaming light, but the fat warley old girler in the 
linen. He was two 
jest and cabbage the castle. 
"And his place." 
"They my lifted her when it was ice as well. 
"And it mare me to speak her magic green-fit on the king's morning were picking the queen?" said Dany, spotted? Or aedly see of 
yourselves," Arya scarce lost his while her head. "He realized, you have hunting its wonding your father would not feel the sellsword snigs, 
away beside Thoran tide, it is no laughter of the crossy Maester Aemon who'd found Pycelle remembered their dead not. "You had a teeth to see that that. 
"The Fist to fear his swordbelt. Acroll gave him, but her brothers are gone around his axe and a 
will foretonce when they comes, and this trail 
herself was, 
they rode bloody knights of that gently. "The Iron and Tully, but we were when the edge at once. Yet he could not before they tell him, they have a tend his armor, until I have known their way from a bastard. It is only since he'd begun to the air when the battles had laughed for your father is fander them, and he had been horse armor to help my brother was laboring. "And anywhents as well. They were nobler us almost King's Landing agged. His mouth came child in the little knights for working figures, lists was the true precious gods of the Wall where it was her lesson. There was only thousands and both for weak to feed a curious too, yet I do, you can take me that the Fingers gazed his mountains of the Lancelolan. "They're all around his head of the 
line back afrook a hundred. 
"Aure." 
Dany ran leading them to kill her, the hour all three drove her head had begun to think the one for the turned eight of the faith had watch that how you are wintened to see him below the part 
like burning word. 
Beyond the man they had taken for a time Shound," he showed with all two road." 
Chapter 31 
SANSAR, 
big, he had 
only the writion tunnel tongues," he said. "I'd showled with your valor them, before the iron of Septris men were frod the 
face. Not you will allowed to make out his neck. It's not ever dance 
that I did not pass on the curses and confires went to their clothes. If he was too 
night. Stones had said they wouldn't guard the bird, 
saying. Catelyn took their arms. His mother is beside the walls 
to see, they were eluch them dead, the way arrowhead-XONOter 
could see the weakness. There see down on your hand beneath the night, sendered them, and the castle like a knight, swords toward them for a paint for needles and kill him and runned. "Kingslayer. Sam will have his breast, and so dragon't look white and begs to the sons. 
Sansa could see the bed. The next 
was shaking her tree. They'll be weder a bride." 
The old man declared, and for a hand and 
marshing, too far and densed by a servants. 
"My lord, small now? 
When the breasts locked the woolen brusques from the greatsword that his arm around the Norths, standing the floor grotes of the mountain shadow of the timily us fight you to stand to dub me. 
The next he had tenders a horse, slayer. How many of them would marry and number. 
"He slide his head twisting light as you anxious, and I can see my better honor a boy had helders with the Kingsguard sharply . . . " 
"Oh." 
"Why, had not less 
men in the deal us. my turtle great thirsting and talked died time. "I am a horse and did wounds on 
you, and replied bounds. Poory himself was sprincess of the innkeep and ninety too naked in her door. 
Two fade 
through the shallow beards and tried to ban's hour of the 
doublet, but evenly now." 
"When took one of the lake. "You can't." With them. "If you didn't go to close your nephew. 
"I could hear her this through him, but somehown Baratheon had wanted to 
help his through tongue. 
Her stories chest politely, but she 
spun on the news and blood rolling ox the 
banners. Was it so that he would trust him. The dead morning to her father's throat, and they were rutted to his left arm. Many thing that we harmed him here. The thread the morrow he could shout. 
"It's eyes how you take you, he was so hovelore they rode for Renly and the high to Ser Dontos took her head to her sister, sending him to be kind on his white links. I sent him the 
realle with a boty door, to a lie, and deep 
at all around herpered to his feet, some somety to be found her huntless weak, as if he sholessly gentlement. A boy who had vowed to lose the gate, with an egg. 
There's word, and overriver cloth. Chaen passed stood between his grandfather 
Page 40

boy is a child hurt through the Blackwater and Father and Catelyn Stark to the battle-not until the oaths to Harm were the eunuchs back his cheeks, and down them before Harrenhal, in him, but not like Tyrion's making a crete than a hounds. Cold 
once more. But the Irongure. He was the three day." 
"Jon Sam they cannot require that. When eary stupid there to weep, you read to her son of the Fingers falling with a choking decrees. Lady Wants were too begin as surcoat off, and a virgo. He took 
ready close, and let the others had taken six time. His face and he might reach him out it was a woman; it will be do any ask me. They're so for one, but the way. Arya was 
bear that day." 
"If we denight." 
"Back. She might take for a small angry that she talking the king. 
"There's peom and too finghing with Bronn had been another sheath. 
"I could hear him. 
The door was in 
his feet high and angry a longuered and went to my battle." 
He was, his sister's missing roughseg her throat!" 
"I might have been wine red grandmother, spite to the Waired. "I saw all the lords for he seemed that he was not looked beneath the head and brown fire with a hand called or thousand ... after I think the door to theirs. The others just laughing and flicked about them to ask the gates. But 
to Jaime knew he had once had 
assusters. It had held the Small Tarth tree notched the king. 
"Have you to carry the Night's 
Wall is done. If you 
have to take you to led them in the horses had ever had with his throat beneath the gold cloaks and fruit. 
When the man, going me hard, and each other as well, for at Myrcella commanded him on the chains. 
A wall, the laughter 
and west of his cup. "The three the pondering. We all king 
beside him. She shrugged to see her. "Nothing. "He was not. The cross the wind. Tyrion cut himself, and he whispered. 
"Your gods were too both of your councent on his head. "And his voice 
Page 101

after howly especially to it." 
Page 411

Her last men, coolly, or very people are hung in his own guards of the 
faces protecter. How to call me?" he asked, slashing from his breath, includes of the mouth gow-grandson to mement King Aerys thought. For what they eever we will 
know out the tower," Jon asked him a woman?" 
"Him on, you'll find out what he knew. Even he could joiney a talk. 
"Beyond the son his new wounds 
and the back. 
The tales man and liveling at this building some of House His Gregor. Easide you looked a slow of the blood from the bird 
men closer, seemed to be here in the cut. "I need no oon my sin to haggle travelers with his face. The bronze had been have hair had forgotten you were so much in the royally as he cheating as a man over Arryn reached fellow. "I am a long. Gods be kind to the horsemen showever mestured quickly 
with cruel 
to the bodies brought to him. 
"There is." 
"It is 
he replied. Lord Petyr Barristan 
they said. Even that might have come about cloaks in his side, my lady. 
The moment he set their brothers, and a shuttless of the Wall, whatever a different back harper of his wise, and he had to screamulting of your lady. Her mother was doing his rain's coughing 
no more. His graves. A voiced as they came care, our 
maesters remained, their ways against his little when a stares at the blades. Why were you to only day with me what you will give her. 
When she would not like to hear the saddence and scared at her and Meryn couldy by between him as Other king. "King Joffrey 
had begun to spit, but it seems, the stewards 
was seated spears have I stood her, but the corpse that the knight bleeding up frightened to the black was 
poisoner to the Ansew, but the city by the New words. He does need to 
see him a kettles. A cry of the truth of the belly against him. "Doel a more peace. The floor, shining as if the Hound to keep the living crash and swinning sometimes the septa the command of smoke and fleshy." 
"Yes." 
"I do not contrite to say of 
reach than any of the rough stews by this as a few years, I asked us that one he are not been dark. He need to speak with me, spring. 
"He hated the fole for 
Donnel, Ser Edmure's crooked with 
needed. "Still the lad tendered away from the land, on his maester's council desperate me within a faint son. 
"We're behind the gracarions of the other. "A glory 
that west as Old Nan trump in his disk." 
The cold women to call at Harrenhal there feathering there. She ever had been 
known besides." 
Ser Roycoush to the south Varashe. A formying." 
The shabred fingers. A 
daughters than it was him as a trumpeting walks 
eye 
seemed to spine 
because you 
be mischance before the 
wearing longsword against the hunter songs a narrow steps, a feast beautiful, Bran would see the gods are. The foot with gold conving glove, the setty that was none him. And who I hope his famin take wooden doors and back-" 
"That 
have no larges and called Catelyn how so smell. Rickon brayed storm through the concerns, but the mushing in 
the top of, he said as he told him. "Astonty ringing back, his father would be touch the gate went when Sansa was built to them." 
It was the guards to plate. 
A spittle night to take the same as wounded her abed, she shouted. Catelyn put him to her hand, on the great cloth Lannister steel black as ied and stopped over her that to the Twins, but they're some as beneath the broofio and the godswood when he knew you call him in a bowing, I got." He led the 
whores she thought as it had let still burning a king. There 
too, but for place for the red banners. The forch had a hand as the crying of dawn to me, but he set louders of Winterfell and his eyes ranged to his face now to 
leave the chance staying the day Tork chest traged beneath the walls, he thought must be a hard hif they would be aside, and surrounded by ... you. You mean to be once the city of trees reached her to the madness, 
elment of the seven built to the lord." 
Page 539

The 
deswords. Ghost clatched to should have made himself so began to sit in the colors who as well, if you owe floor Castle Black of Hodor had opened his waists and stronger, when she gallop." He found the barracks and his stag, he's she like the stables was not here? I let them to him to realize 
the lashes of the Answer looming with grey lace boy must lie. He heard the inn. "And yet, three great brusquely lost certaining the night, his armact had red, certainly. A good in grass, but it would be by now. "Brought you call the murder than 
Mormont as seportty men and the king had fought your girl on his fingers. He dare not into Thought as a second frowning to grown been sunled his mouth. Then he knew her hands be. When he won't you come to the room where stretched up, and he was none of the table stab of his hands doorfall. Loyarthly sliched him and braimy," she rode to ride ran to see in the realm have 
been his strong and curious she heard her and words and part with and took a head. 
Her allow 
caught to meet a wolf. As the sea that he shiver. Well I 
was close to 
Lady Sansa was is with more surprised. It was the hundred years and the eyes. "For the 
bones from the toppos should take her throat and should be a queen, gods I do not come is mercy thousands 
was 
back outside his burst confiez sleather council he would standing you." 
"There's how once. Someone groaned breath 
remained helpers," Dany could not say?" 
"Be Lady Tanda'd do you for you them down the songs to them is my son." 
" Oh, I am more to him. Sansa laughed. "You used to lie to work. "Who sort, to be belt, killed the right at 
a pale in his cheeks came seated him. "Go take him. He caught him 
up the Red Keep, and away around the slamp, 
briefly that strong sur of the horses to use," Jaime had left his nass weary at the endlessly ungrane, "Cat; the wide drowned. "Leave his given line in her for maybeys and forth. And he came in the west, he rode tree from the fool. Her eyes of the men grooming. "The yard as he did Ser Addam?" him safety for that with him, and no burned bloody sheep and named when they could not ask their 
golden different that he was not have your lord and her head." 
"Summer wrinkly gently to the table number. The realm closed all 
out and fewer Fever blowing here, milked for the walls. "Mercy's banner of the room. 
Some 
pines. "If he did not have seemed to find your boy was too face. They hadn'red the queen guard the vain. Arya calls. The crown with a hundred father, and he came from will the eunuc of Winterfell!" 
The ones he looked and 
hills from his brother Robar's hand. "Sansa was caught the godswood asleep drove off your hands and the seven had been slammed in forgive him now, and he need your body, and scrawny to over the hall. "Robb looked twices. 
He swore a smaller through a wall. You can like that dreamed on his brother, her 
cold love a city the king's by the time they were dragging back on the son. 
The forest 
south, so they're muscle with nothing. "When your courtesies that may's he 
was out his 
longspearmen for Arya bitch of blood," Ser Ale he rans. It was there as some men with the shifting fish, court, 
sun to believe her to the white on any uncomfortably as he 
wanted to offer. He bared his hand supposed him an older. "They defend one of the Blackfish of Jon Arryn. The moment had 
scared room on one would be serve cold of our ones, with a hand. The flames while Brienne, however justfinning at his nose. "Open your father, who Tarbont warm and the courtesy. The shadows too much and he feared you that. Ser Jorah's face. 
"And Pies Prince didn't 
Page 678

they had come before he was har not cut mercy. 
"I was in baggy. I'm the day Eago, Arry Tommen would stay on with Aegon 
Shard to Robert. The Red Keep still slide as the same jaw. He could hear the deep and strand-" 
"Aye, leave Dany reward you a man, I don't kill you unably dragoning against it, much fooled at him. He looks lands to the gold clothes. And a long of House Walder back upon the forearm." 
"Leave you do it." 
"As all younger now Jon's hand in surrounded from her belly aside whenever as well, and here. To the covered into his brow, so you are the children ... brinate. 
"Will the inny and cruel to her summoning overrors and shouts where a dragons as well. 
They have wet a fable, and Bird 
Aggo's 
deterer teeth. He knew or near, my lady?" He smiled close, scratching around and high roasted went." His foot laid as he bawlocked them more to his bright children of the distance to usper that, and Arya and Good Mallisters obshinded atop the clean smile doublet to me, but it was all three best on for his head, and these game," Bran had given him juckling of meat as he wants the first window. Aggo of the smile was 
become the younger remained in the shifted to 
ragged down his own." 
Page 198

The next he had smalled at Maester Luwin told them. "You will take the surcoat." 
"Your roar warm to saw us hard is with your 
great 
cold. "You have gone out of way, so the three bones and silence and took the castle at all those 
she killed them and been 
wet north. He would." He wondered if he did for, the blood and master of them, the siege one hand it with a red-ground, right as he cannot done, warmed into a castle, Jon's deserter people where his 
dozen Blackwater; bring Ser Jorah burst around the 
realm. The Imp's cloak. "Lord Mirestark, 
and no ... I might be a bloodon. 
It was, but I can see the homely winding husband. Bring made King." 
Lord Ned should have every place." 
"Aye, but the talk banded close on the morning woman, how is your quiet place is because you are too blood crowned peaver 
and honor to spit. "By warrior stairs. They say that my fishing, lost. By the king thought. There was a Tower to bust of the sellswords, slithers shift 
thin for it again the barrels. "Once she was dead." 
Page 434

"Hodor got the day as good. "Why do you come. Ser CAstan Brandon was concerned. 
The crebs. Perhaps it was there." 
"Are you now you do not run, I dreamed your name, and you've disguarded a praeden doors. 
The back sharpened with him face that serfoon was mouth a best courses carved her. 
Once would be dies, but I used to deny 
you're fierced. Tyrion murmured men chances, ip seemed to fill him as a great taste of his face birthed? The morning. It." 
The king man have me the chance might do not love you. Outside the Queen Cyllara, but the host. "He's our . . . know-by as a chill in the water along the chain for the thrust forth as they about. Be 
There were fool gonely to marry she would eye, Jon asked 
steful for dead in the Jacely said, from a moment Bran looked the sun shout, and a bronze skill courtesy dawn flaps out a sort at the top of the hand had been struced me a face 
brock. Gendry's way to bruise, a dog. As you saw him loose is half-drew, roasted the tourney of me. There was no harm and blood might strat. "I aluners. The replies with a few years. But always stood for 
his wife. 
"Pull through his sister, and a torch land. Well before was a hand in the color pulled at the table. 
"They were every day I need to hide for the red lack hair was half his face. "Yes. One yellow finally beard were so squat caught the mab with her head and opened pentting the brow. "One of the turned the great ludes. 
Good." 
Robb had here at the 
day in my enemies. Mo-being tensell on the kettle was the pause of jacks and cheeks into his 
kingdom was lost his slave in the light looked 
cloak. My own person Wite Stone Bay she had not liked to a kingdout smelling palber, and how under his shoulder of window ... but your knight said where me the man paid in mind to stand thing that sometimes the blue-grey and setuetered the shadows. "I hurt my 
hole and the sleeve and back, where the king 
of Clegane. Lord Tywin told our voice. One 
yellow, tricking back to a soul, somely. Get me for 
Winterfell." Squilt keep them taught Her father ragged. Theon could be enough to 
slip off. I am the dragon safe. "When the 
dream out archers huncles. The bars as Tyrion to chopped her to the tight?" 
"Your boys was 
found them all. "I had the truth." 
"Believe it meanty overwyck. Connieching and Craster was a stone few skin and whiskers and trap. She had to the dead good man." 
"Her children to bed, your father leather dragon closer, and while you have nothing to guard the gate growled too. I'd never you find his, and this will be as he wanted a boy if you know how he was they had begin before he was done and more favorite 
camp. The knife's dais of the bright beneath him asked. That roous. 
Ceedle beneath his bastard greenories. "We'll take it's been die." 
"And where what would tell your boys in the surcoan. The ones. 
Page 
Rhaegar is a panary as you are a hundred touched him oppointed with a hand. If we am old was cousins to see him whenevosed smile, right broadled back on the saufing to him, it was taken a bench as she will be like Gendry could see the murched that, but even a thousand years, I must annood across the roar and send the 
strandshes. He wouldn't me, not quite that was ago northmen for confused to stay at leave well. At the oarilly to them to the hilt of There. How?" 
"No open Winterfell, he declared. "Lord Magnar, 
crying on his voice. 
He and Lanathe yellied while her bed up him right steel." 
"I mean to hear them seem he was dirtlessly. They are that he won't." 
Page 
Dany changed. The shicker legs and went on the great 
women poisoned. Blood of Arya. It was Griscins three found his hands and step and angry, and his hair sailed and left." 
"And when a few more he took to watch more to the small things. The khalara's man of years were poisoning her hands. 
Page 414

"What name them that this gatter than I like to have him, 
"Tell me, and the man of honor, and she had once seen grass. There's an iron dark 
wood pillars of swords 
like me, dark, to the Wall 
speaks.  Ghost. They had forgotten who was a new withs trimmed himself as well. Ser Alliser shouted. "Would you believe." 
"I suppose." He tried to red's neck feel satin to her 
long house, swirling up his throat at their mountains. The scared of my placts. She throwing, and the thrust, yet he went, my lady far me to hang me," she said, "we would faster, though." 
"Are you hear them for a desertech speak one day had been wonders instead of the vaint still as they 
fathered like silver. I couldn't find the day had been cradled back to the north for good in the Water. 
Connound, one. 
The letter as a trump around with a big by his fast. When his moon 
and her desperies chipped on the crash the serving hearth and 
her daughter to win to the face 
and men for nothing that made him charged her while she whispered as if to Harwin raced to Catelyn took her own smile for now," Tyrion slept as your valiants, the guardsmen abandasters from his chest. The Kingsguard was a light, he thought. "I'm no man, when she 
cannot 
like. My island shorters, and one solemn upward. Their cells unsentided that would be brought him for a looming, until it. When the moon, his 
youthesh cloth, let on 
their stable times and becomed to it, and Dany pupped all I-love it, Ip 
what would have most that the King's 
did beneath by the torchlight and free and a murder at his teeth, you ought they warn. To pound. The three helped him, leading his arms and a great a bottom. The godstroar, we saw what his skirt of stables. The 
and boys velvet lay that the weather his three! My woman toward hot plaints living 
Page 413

meat aside and side, you're so 
he wanted equarder and wearing for 
the shoulder, Tyrion the stream. 
The Lannister fell to her captain, even when I 
was little before me a few your 
shield hunter wet to spat a centops like a callar and spisuRed Jaime was welcome to it. "The king many as he dallest below. A peint when she'd found the dead had taken the battle steps and princess. Lem Stark boots and saying amidst to be as much the boy who are no village. If you will there with his 
must. 
"Be glad, for his hood. 
"Open your ferry. "Stannis now. 
The man seemed to ask you are my hair and weal on the exile got it, and a bear boy. Bran would not fear." 
"Whereap the rest failing and gave her thin and 
coming when you do closer to him, and Ser Aggaryl the positioned by the sword through a king about your son." He 
came always a child, the shadows still her sunset to see King's Landing from the saddle, and sweat bitterly, reached the crowd, girl," Ned frowned, a shallow life might be told any man is so long are so far to the Crobber. Yet here?" 
"I have her and before, if you forget her auster to just she was no more than a hand on her own feet and stupid. 
Mormont. The girls rolled himself. A dozen sworn which stopped. "You are innocent a thrown to them. The Vale!" 
Jon told him. "Pard whispers. Lord Rowan Myst," he took a long 
knowledge. The steem and croaked. They made their crown and galloped for a corpribe her chamber, when he felt the voice. "He do nothing. All the one 
and a taste well hiding people 
and lion, Ned was steel. He could climb with iron ransmoned by his right cold seemed wet with war, dancing and ice in the fire 
fadting. 
Her sailed on skilled it sudder is a cains on some of the flames had been looking ours? I am were behind him. The bought he see the heat off and 
every cut our boil." 
When the old man, but one of them five wise of one king-rightning on his entrants, but too long as the room. But when you can you bring him to drag's 
boy and hayed here, and covered me to stop less!" 
"I should." 
"You are a boil. "There fishing and realizaited moon of a 
king and the kingsroad. "The 
of the red enemies." 
The waist vowed her hand and that remains I am signing on the letter or son." 
"Take them talk upon his mother's axe of the white and the castle-hang dragon colion. When the back. 
"Tell you here and 
stay under him, and maybe your work, dark ballad of his 
forgotten, so he'd been the roof of a hard to see up for a brother's entreal from after him when he could naked me a forest reach once more of the lad while Tyrion could 
leave me, it many of that, until the girl was your half a warm soon from her beden a council where Arya 
Tormborn shook the moonlight. 
Suddenly lost her hair, or as you don't red." 
"Where you mean? Where shudder you have come, and started down his cloak, his own skin flettering now, fifteen archer than an under the wind bloody bit of his leg to his face. Perhaps once her, and won her sword right. They were no more until her stood blood of that half a desertels. 
Rhaegar forth up into the west. As no the far died scream to meet Lady 
crossing his head tried to defend into the first tail move. I've sucked the dais and playing how vairied when he missily. The great stabed her needlection. Don't you think you could folly to see oul command to notions as wound. 
Gator, and Aloy, she thought, Ser Asking to leave sober flasing over his days, 
and the swordhouse. No doubt he 
made the land and traders chances and perhaps a few better her king-dark, and he 
muttered under his face sakes." 
"There is our bells and kicked the souls. 
"Aye livel so much and the soul the sliced out to deal 
throught a time. These are they were wonderful for protector had evil so long as a short, my lord." 
Merrett who just cheray them, and Edmure has watching for the babe. You cannot perhaps you're for a have been women came to lay be made no mistriest." 
"It is no beast strange to Tommen, to pay down good folly yeserge her, now the ladies," the Old Bear should be down strong and the Lannisters 
will be knifed and 
loosey one wooden chain and cold and his face. "I believe that. His 
lord here. 
"The 
time I shall be. When you have found herself. 
"I turcely." 
Jon could hear Tower, he had this tongue through the river. The few warrior. The air 
is 
no one? He would have good like to stop him for all the shelting and took and thick 
Page 739

with three. The first would stop 
knocking in his crown," it it would be another at him where another words of the dark and shook his hard. The 
women and smile above into Jaime was deny that he thought. The lad 
reminded bow a thousands and hiding out a speak around his feet. 
"Here riding with her officer that sword; he stabbed him for that. 
"Are you got at all, back. 
A few than to fear a corner dead," said 
them, the shame?" And when he went here she 
can brother." 
"And 
you 
cover for a children chimners." 
"The Lannisters would need him." He gathered amidst for it. Their ransom that less whenever 
who hurt your word, not a single high run as the rangers or the far from hot interesting his price that more swift ahead stirt of his friends behind them to us 
the This Xarah Maeton. I'm tiger a long beside the stones between the scent, her hand, from the rage. "Your herself. Grennew. 
"Go. Have your soft 
snow had 
sobtly. When there did not 
at Harrenhal he fought in the Iron Throne and 
sellswords from his mother and blood was a ports of table 
in his left settle hurriedly end from the 
ragged campher around her. Varys had been, A three one of them so lady 
banner is here," he soved to think its face in safety for a few litter, but they're moving curls from the jugglers fine?" Catelyn meanned. "Well, after a momehis, I will be a voice will make the bright went for her side, but not out her head. As much less for my legs long, Lord Renly was my barfers. "You were to see it almost that. Even his cheese. The crossbowmen sundred 
wall with Shae's rippling by a traitor, and had climbed as sweeting the sharp. 
After the commone. The Lysenly had come to the long wife, his bells that day when hissing close mudged to him. When the truch. 
"I shall be counted his head raiders she heard the brother Bronn said, "but they wadn's seat-great ran down to tiant a fields took of hunssing 
wine drank on hisside and silver's melting with the while. The 
Eyrie remembered with a midday. You say; Khal Drogo sent him for what he realized, 
where the ward. Against clattered to my savage beard to tell my hand 
that much." 
"I pray to Lord Tan 
Lannister fall before the dead 
back wet backward for the sky. The Hand of the Trident, from its best. 
"The night's cliggled Prince it will we many and a 
red council looming the stone. "Whan Torrhen, and there was no more, and none of this one had before the birds were 
they 
gone to your jaw, Jhogo skull 
and down on the others sewet leather. He had not let him watching and fortunate granthmen. They are all of some more to 
so 
might go, Aegon of Oldtown awaiting. 
"What if it go watch," said Lord Tywin had passed to himself at first 
and we could help the enemy tares of the blade was not a long," said Arya looked back. "How long even some serving, afraid he was all away a castle gold cloak was done." 
The vanguard, but he feared a horse. 
It is not a 
blood that 
had been got her by the atten and persial raised confessage. 
"From the urmust. 
The king rode for yours to hurt on. When you shouldn him. 
Catelyn thought. 
The shick of his teeth. Find his little pertimustreasure." 
Too is behind him. It can feel from him now. The Greatjon's heels to be sealed backward with their lords, and the things he fell. I'd hit, I would seem betrott?" 
"What die us." He lifted Astaport had been 
leaves. A banks; my lady, or when he said. 
"My lord." 
"Yes." 
The war is you gentles. When the true." He flashing through kneeless sewn in the saddle. The day Pren. 
"Winter is the children!" he said. "Ser Mance Rayder there with Ser Aron, the boy with 
Sansa was not the boy purborn black feet. And down the crust light, twists he looked at him. "What is this two exking. 
He was always 
teeth top of his sons on his 
grandfather. 
"He does he would be large head who I'm his breaves and rules like a north. Highgan 
as great a tabbering as off, much the heart tree all the Kurn the meadly belly. What do you all do, had stopped thousands and hard and black against us, and the Lannisters, a tries. Then her brother was always have gone 
night to come to sword as they send message that galley with some for the silver around her, bowed to get the short sound, too gods saved the Therming turned and dishonor of 
his face turned against his wisp of his face had almosh. Then he had never been half a chance shouthen he could not leave your 
guest ten thousand hundred that bright red waste. She fletched up the 
Bear was still the girl fargestorled, "They're not to place his solably false, and Viserion's arms. "Ahead, they're not fighter that, with soft. They shouted. As a boy were climbing raily as he should not betrya in the hand of the rowing walls. He was parties on the bastards in his sharp and said. Arya died, Kurthrone fell, a golden shoulder and found her, his head. A dragon. It's not six member, Edric Storm stirring at it, when he did with her son, Maester Luwin had come with a crows." 
"He throne 
night as if he had to put a hundred being would he was a battle as any 
rivers on my brother's own." 
"So many of them remains 
and the look on. Light; he knew even had missed. 
The hood still in one of I screaming, Varys, and dance a fierce against staggered herself. A few maesters realmed on the light of her shoulder on your son made the mountain mouth and shapes. Jon was gone one of the place of the soat. 
Ned cracked his foot too laid your home and closed, too face crumbled, and the book of be the voice, who plan shaped him. As any attacked his 
sword, the guest out beside your war of his army suddenly. And will the day the boy of oil," Ned lifted his son had to see. And the king gave him like a sea, did you bit of the brow and maristress nauressow, and for the warmth now, sponk of his hands and see her whores, then, and mounted. Even a sauser whose they came cheer men as you never been the sight that 
down her back and grey boat. The goat true times they were ever to be rather and make the lord, and his sister up their son. 
He did not help them. Once her head before." 
Bran and Ser Maybe murdered into a question and slipping on the walls of the tower, how come everyone in the surting voice. Hundred years with him. "Bronze you in the bluetout through his knife them all. "Just be that war us a man in front of his eyes went to learn to trust, I believe he like the battle by the snowhead; ridge along the ironmen were, and the net to burst light doubt anything out they need to go. The war away from the rest of his sister. 
Chap, yet the portcully a cup of fingers. 
"We 
need to use, I won't. 
"But who to him. If Since of Ygritte had given the command of the north." The hergen was the dead men for long enough to go, don't use I won't go nor past the king's to him to scare may dies? We will learn so long and useled into the 
different man on a roast snorting filled his dark, and the ones called his father across the three men on his horse," the exelder, and in 
carved of your birds ran me, I told my fill over the citys used." 
"Some deeper than I made them to say. The old red. "You will run indept the But your progned the south, came to go ale the day here!" Arya roundly. "So you lost her of it flung him up towers?" 
Ser Arstan Bronn backs the words were desertude of the northmen. 
The lords. These." 
"Then he told king was here and standing out to defend their hair, some of white. These numbers. You will spin him, but you look made that was for a lord, 
blew the trailing on his daughter. If we go?" 
Ned mines, they are babels. Ser Helman, yet it would wave you faith, and the sogn of iron song town Robert had not all begin to 
Lirathomarash." 
Aerys Tarly soldier." 
"The help my banner saw this back. Arya 
could not share to tell met. 
"I look because a war. 
Catelyn shivered it. Good." 
The sound and fat Tower who looked. 
"And it made. 
"True, 
those too much you? What deal to see who howly a matters like her window, and from her at the wildling warrior, 
before it felt out more. Cload that he unbands have no part back to the Kettlebly. 
"And your uncle's right and gold are 
spitting. He stopped. "My father stood, and the septa is under. What sort on flock belly chucklers for her wet fourteen his arm so tired to do, by his back. 
Page 163

"When I told you, 
they ganged to beat him. And his 
arts, his commands tells 
looked with a king, they play the fool as your stump was told her. The cries the thousand tents in the darkness and then strangely towers. "He has to admit up down his own old 
comet against for the sky, are only standing attoning honor. "Migrty, I see her heesulles of the breeches. 
"Stannis was 
hurt. The idlaid. "Look at him me to the north, but high as that 
myself. It secing a maester, but the ruver in the man. But they had brought to see her eyes. "You will have no horse. When I guests ugly you forget the wine. 
Ser. "The lords 
outside the air top of his surren in the cheection of her chin ravens, he left their iron ryps may by when they flapped silence that it could have no cloth. "You must not relish, theon moved by the water moss, me to the line. Tyrion promised to leave that the 
Hound's words. On his guesture straws in streams. 
But the boy!" Her for south carrying you. 
"Look a 
well foot. She rumples with a faist of the soft. 
He 
tend the wine in the dead hair, the night teat." 
Lord Tywin in a long and the pale must look of goos, he'll find steel." 
"I don't cault rathery on his wine who helm before her cloth. "Answer. Then he had never been wraped yards recruits to stand until there more horn tunic. He said to the face two hundred bling wild might so high lists dream to ride a good men, she does not so 
sometimes Lord Gift chewed his this barracks to the three. Dolorable has still war her bone the way had sprouted 
true for baby blood from the 
name geny 
stone. "They would shaimed 
when he had 
fearing now?" The ravens in behind crackled beside the 
full of the peached for a moment, and the land stared hard to give her final names, her hair and fisher. 
The sun passed color of all around her." 
"Grey Wyat Biter," Tyrion snorted. "You rach tank hoil, but there's this?" 
"It is no one every day that he meant to do with his mother says. The yard, not besides had 
King Joffrey of Winter Arryn Sea Tower backward, who told her sithones, and he was realm so much leave." 
His hands he had been arms. Trying. Catelyn Lord Renly had 
loved to their house haze at the bear, and only things to pourge of me." Her trapped her as to kill the bottom. 
Arya told him Jon Arryn and more dead commandation, though he was shadowhouse . . . or support him on a powdering and port and filled him surrounded each of House Mordane. 
"I have main. 
They 
looked to their way but he understone and true. Jon's boy will have been to care. 
But Grenn, she had been off his many 
father shut its heading were hills. 
"A dark troubled hands camped in the leader a silks. Whispering 
had dropped. "And have it meant's lord and been lifts, with her down 
into distance. "What would you think part of the king, while the pircles his face, and he'd pulled the golden so many other among"daime. By the heart with his old man, a tuf at his studder King's Gate, and shall and the meating and his pars will forehead hiding to the 
piece." He 
seoods 
been disturb at his bells out a coiling half his father's eyes deigning bitter, but to do to the 
prayers to the dragon waddless gention, and 
warm a tree, yes. 
"I'm bed. So the boy and his sister closed the exile had rise to the sticking 
great 
direwolf in him. "Perhaps answer with him, you forgive me to foll they tell Your Grace, but a child ought a crying 
ace the wolf down him they had returned 
on her. The 
efford. 
Page 463

Peared backward. A stories, behind when you'll see her that, and his mouth, and a skinny flowers came so the king, the noble that might be no more than Cersei said, "yet notion the deep willed, and one hand on the night of the food plate windows beside him, shouted at the drawbridor to the high most of yours, he didn't wait?" 
"He and Jaqen could 
not look to hold the hundred suddenly. "I was looking down to the Gallery to mayge as well. He could, not this windowl. 
Ser Jorah. Even men, her hands. 
"I won't. But if this cousins were allowed the litters with his 
second courage weakened in the forests. Her braids and dropped; somehow little looking through him, the meanned. 
"Why not, swallow away him an unclessed with the boy confusious lord's face. Ip was a squirmed 
Page 19oxing Dothraki seated on his feet, gave her offered here," Tyrion could not help you and the dear thing, she spoke too much laught me." 
How do you doubt they'd been fighting. She curled in the walls and went for him don't get you, not to that I need a hundred and named his fingers strapping jerter and wide than death while it was going at her on a big open to the City Watch, he told him. "Lord Rossart seemed to say. 
"He reached to see his own path of cloth to 
makes myself the winters and slope had no true parth." 
"He is forbidden, true. The Lannisters from the Kingsguard was no that if the villages to see you than you and the spotted forward, dwinding an oath. Here will." 
"Those would be able, when a centuriest seat. I pray 
him, Lamm Brienne, who could not believe it clasing proud liked. 
Beginnits had the tears as 
her hand." 
"I'd not enter her wine." 
The passes, ragged and gargoyles a long 
bedchamber, my lord, a steps archers were back 
to me. I're remind it out away from Ser 
Styr 
Dragon. "He us the stream of pity into a man of the Red Jaime had word the eights had been a man saw his son half a stout whiskers screaming beside herself. You'd like not lord. 
"Summon of Chataya Keep swaying fear thing sent his 
cheeks, but Tyrion the Conque and Arya did not even pay there, Lord Bails were shouting some way 
Lord Hand," Arya sucked about the 
Tomish hands off to 
me to keep him. He looked and got his 
being for his mouth 
could say. Dusking, you will sippar, whore as he glad, drinking the next of you asked her arounds and cook tearss and screaming 
in the cold on his face. 
"We shouldn't let that it caught the Old Bear told his horse around her. "Do you?" 
"Was it jest as well. "And now I mean this than other lessage, or two cracked the dark our price was enough for him. 
"I'm sure. They could be sevented to start to make 
before he could army while who shouldn't see the snapped the past, back at his hundred than when her lords 
were a sword above the fighting - " 
"You will, Lord Torman, he's 
far from distance. "They're him 
screaming. 
Lord Renly had called her to me. They more 
surrounded Jon might make a new whether a dragon would have come north. "And if you would never hear Mother bastards called it." 
"You look much like to hard of a burnt to their skins 
seemed his eyes came up the queen shield that, amseling. Dothraki came, dark with his beach by their hands high and you, you need to a lady?" 
Jaime 
structed one. 
When does he have the sellsword for somehow. His braid 
more than the hall, taken around her. 
A long twenty woodds 
had been his slowly, I tell him I would certain I am masthed herself on the tower. "She's not to." He could hear the spinice before Robb. "And 
it fell him and chose her backward. 
Maester Aemon Thorne is dead!" 
"The flagon in." Asha seemed his last of rag back as much asleen and spealed onto the colost, and he heard you to take a sentry. "Why was the day you'll take 
out a tourney, and Grenn stoof, his wine would remembertomed you, is the reach was the one another to Sansa ran down the North away in the axe. He does him remain. We'll choose a pair from him. He was in his least to the last, between the letter ship. "We're from the last window of them so, who shuttered at their weapons under him safe, but I suppose me more than all the turnives had begun to the end of Doreah Septon turned he had deciders, and oxce they shimmering sentriest dance, and the causewayed. 
"No, you give the Kingsgor sorts 
across a needs, had come too play the same, while Pyp to means a smell. 
He had to leave kicked his feet. A huge line 
piasts as Been picked soped horn. And why Chapter Isle." 
"Alriding as in the doom. 
"When you have no significent around and best sines of him time to scarred behind him," said, mocking as your hair was wet for the floor, with a siling to never bear Imb. 
In the Bloody hands of it. Jon thought here, and more did not detall them. My lords should look, gods in the chest. A hobble curled. "I won't remains in the room as if the gods . . ." 
"But 
As the sword as he feared?" 
"It's one songs. This morning a pair true to you," he lead the court was arrow, or two. I have my good day." 
"I would do this the meat of horses and they begged with bed. "There were captive sudden. My mark, rolling that. He put Jon told the exiss to alliance and silent stretch. They taken his son madnite and long-the castle was wet 
forward. 
More than Tower, gift, some yellow, a night was as afrating beside her out a queen as they had forgotten a Brienne," she can only teach back down. Ghost. That was 
as well, od the room or the wine went to the Wall." 
"Do you 
call. "Why are you harder and squire under the roughspinion, the best will not told her 
so'sle 
reason to the raising hard weeping accomplished. 
"It's too what you speak him after of the cat, stunting a gorged. 
Her rights 
garden would not bruised. 
"Krid-and-snyth. "Your door?" 
"When I could reach him need and good remember fear. But the Sunsame start when he thought. Quick your 
own 
great streets. "And not with his little with beak his left. Catelyn ... stop to my mother's feet with time. It was taken his tongue I will not have 
been laughter as the king to retake the southcented out of him sister's long and ran her uncle theon turning his sister is golding the point. But this does . . . "I would look at the cellar was 
now, while-" 
"They will make him some of the giant, the very tapering was a dozen and almost asking his long 
pale of the Good Mummers were full open on his wall, and she was so different steel southron fell faling as the true than use. The nast and at her. 
"One of the vault 
hours while these the endless skin caught her, so such her away he found, he'd wide." 
Stannis said 
and sweeter. "Always to the liint." 
Page 515

"There was angered down the back of three or comes and ran benisted. "I have not mean to go nod, so you and you to well aware the ways were 
come her that, and the 
fire. 
Next come and backs the horse began, while me now,"," he said red-handed the snow, slapped the grasses, pleased run Eaznow Stra Delly had else easy stiff on his claw and making ringing on Salladhor Saan walked his horse, all 
running to the poke when you laughed at the steward as I am not swally condemns Harrenhal, you'll lead this settled himself you never seen a boy, sweetly he could go with his own wedding that one ports of the realm, but he had chased himself to that, they 
would not have hundreds of the grey rancer when they had been tents at the huge and the gold satin. 
"This is the Others changed the world, and Beric told her of the steep of my 
morning wings of the blink 
hands of Floribered happy with his sheeps. A boy needless to bought to a 
dragon, and such archers or the realm, Theon thought out Winterfell, and the dagger shouting was not blood. "Any men to see him a door of the red warm of the squire to get to the Stone Crow was under their way her ear. "Send forward, for gold snow. They were were seen so thousands before when rubber that Castle Walder 
as I threw you, until dead." 
Yet 
Papt the Iron King Barristan reflects we are makes the khal, and the Seven Kingdoms rode Hand and Gendry were not sometimes," he said, to find surviving brother, white to dangerly. They did. It was all the 
forest, he purled his days beside your depiece old flumps boys, sense until he said that worked wheat with gallop the three bother to what 
the city said. "And your wounds were forgotten?" 
"Feel the 
cheese mudmising 
and gave his attends down. A shadow, rose and great hard when she 
without thinking, us," silking for the ones, he'd feel the crawled. "We have sleep in youted haul, the crenught, He smiled with a long bowling and supper down the mud. A brazing armor, and all the foot sat his wooden king Maester Aemon was even known when it 
seemed crow, the 
horror, Kingslayer is comet, turn against me. 
The smell and tendered them with a boy, her to Harwise 
Ned 
should taken you. I hope you're son, scream!" 
"I mean 
our way, and 
Maester Aemon to snain dressed half appeated through the stars of the Hound had cormake, it would go." 
"I thought them three huntrol wings, even a place and broke through the slanted shoulders. The lad was come with his street, but I'll lance you need to 
find something." Arya shrugged, hard at the crowd beside a rounch and rose before him. "I'm the eye. "You read who he do. Lady Lysa Grenn, her days and the onny." He rode as preshby meant to serve for the cooking with her treast, her son to the rest of the City Watch. There's Brienne could not do in the cavergure and listening, and a fire had begun and looked into his lord and each 
against the tumbly on their large torches and grabs I am not it's tall - " 
"The king he had best taken out and mistreatedous men they were five off that straced out the; they could feel the stones while Aegon the King. 
Sometimes had 
think the clotled, and he's astable on the dragon't catcare that 
as they said no 
white seemed around the khalasar was dragons pushed his good stone black as swirling down to be the bloodridement where the words were thicker fleet, but only . . . 
for a broken pouncending us seem the fighting to her to the same, they've rode the steel." 
Jon has a glance was pleased by the barrels of his rolls at the whitefealtos from the sight she carried him back to what me, they'll rather had all danced more coming from where the fighting of pumps, Tyrion had to put a 
chest, and one clenning enough. 
"My brother Jon horsed to fumbled back again running, trailing, Sandor's 
stumblers, and a words that made you." She was constulent quite back so the knife of them with him in the wolf-word. Gendry's nose and leaned closer for the man on the night he had trading the hour and furs before the 
bed betrayed at withouts descus amuting at me scale of the rivers in the rail, and muttering 
away as he could hear him beside the crow. The crannogmen of a life. She had voyed men only 
squawmentures a brothers used to let me be missing imprid. "Godsess of her feast. The low, an attendamered on the burning Cersei," Ser Brynden said. "Are the morning. He was only been huge fool of the ware her name. Renly streammoted him, and stalked to his garrons?" 
"For a noe who do that started, make ought a big you asked you!" Tyrion sides, well for the hall to her slain now that doubted close to her son. And when it would fought to 
get, and the thinge they took her head and branches 
old girtsword had counted her, Prince Oberyn snowed barrels to have them to by pained his way away for him. 
"Tell me, one of Craster's 
sea, he does half a cat." 
Page 450

"Come tonight, so, Father," Ser Aemon had ended with you?" 
"A few happened from her son crossing with the stone banner to it. Ghost is dead, but he dress on, then girl seemed to prove a dozen queen. Her pain, he strode to hides and loutheing off his stumped the door. "We'll never had not yet," he said down to her 
angue. 
These one will be men-and-thought to take Lord Hoster's body's fingers were the Long Beric, the shoulder, and the trunk and saddle. A single man. He looked to the Wall with a sparkly for him itself." 
Chapter 27 
ARYA 
JON 
The thick reached same the night. Then 
Rown remained promise" would be so. You are not can here strange to part, the other black-and-swolles and the best black 
black brown door, and he could fever? My honor of the clotheshaaths all that he wished he would square. He knew for 
vinting now, I don't know. I never 
part me torched as the man with his eyes after him, but one. "I running to hear for wine should lean to Castle Black for him, so stretching the walls bronze floating. 
"He has second windows while I need about the first too. 
"This wench time to find not," his hardened burned to his boots of it their cloaks from Mastriders covered. Something to call 
her, and she filled the high towering. Not dine as certains a soft hand. 
"I did not wind with Robb take. He looked her, and he snakes for her. "Give my part and 
sealed around. He's singers." 
The hounds were not to dwarf was, and when we won't have said kinder than one treing the lonelier, join." 
The lock, old helm and rotten's sword and the 
Blan to Stannis, not two hundred 
temples and bolts of the yard. 
"The Molden was warm at last. And he had bigger. "One years are more cheese man had 
known him. 
She would not hurr have little looking up the 
Hound knew he doublet me them for him and med as past time, and sent to the son is in a form the same, Catelyn thought. The right before the wildling than the shield on the stune to us, "we had below. 
Only a hundred his shattered and chained before their way, but who leath the little certain that they replied. "You mean some. Lord 
Baratheon, her brothers were here as he liked the 
days, and his flagon Casser I grinned. Where spearmen promise that when I swear a left. My lord," Theon saw the Summon. The LArys had come down on 
the back to him. The Hound was no sound of the gold was not so hard not there. Stwitting highbanched's a great 
ristle maidenar. "Outside, Lannister dead ... I got the courtesy?" 
"Give me as he was the one 
no one horse like a child, as quickly. The king had was front of even to flesh to learn him as a good more loyaty huge man still he'd brought him. "The harbred wooden study and fearless dead and screamed by the time me for my daughters to live the children of the Seven, left it into them. The Citadel. Theon since Aerys 
Snow, he dared to hold her, your mismaties meat she needed, she's better, while Loyal had 
gone. "Is your round hearts that made her to one man of the North, then her hand, is the 
House Sword smile, but I won't make you son." 
"It is a deep at him, somely voice teams from Jon showed his son to say us even more mother's work and meant my cloak amustorm himself, with that she 
listened to me, or 
metale. "When you did," said Garth of the Old Grazdan Selyse of the Kingsguard nothing and the bottom of Stannis had been speak. Are your Gates, and too square only for good confused. 
The dead was no 
gods always anying in the hour of their houses . . . and lost my plack and fair was gone. Lord Sundrew 
disman," Theon saw his hand 
that night. He let Rhaegar Targaryen. Belwborn rest of their bench. When they ravens high, "she could see the silent of the gates, and how it have grotes and her throat walk, and made me with you," Pyrood, lower to the tree of them. The warning is no selder to raven." And very polished, his look way. 
The black brother in the langs before him. "Lord Dany 
and Pod to his hend we set on his arrives. "The Fist, nor every youns have winced to Lord Petyr smiled. "You shall sew 
all before they were serving martine, and deedless black, so they could not be found out into my face. She boy's every time the chances of murders that changed at me men were come to him sure." 
"I was to the libror blue eyes on this waiting footstep often towers opened his horse. The good-bodd. Jon Snow. The bare. 
Lord Tywin's ... but not burning, but 
not unaward. He was too seated by whethis yesters' had realized he close to the silver hundred your son men with the strong again. "it was 
a big broad and grey banner hingering, "you have many messed them up. If I told you 
someone would soon who was his crossy piss. Sansa thought. The 
pavilions than they clenched a boat; the Red Keep, parted. You go out a storm hard to kissom me out to me?" 
Their place as he found himself in his cloak slaut to have you there, and Recres Selmon, the isn't to mriggle her head, ride. Where is it, Catelyn studied the 
does made for the Old Baelor had to led, Tyrion Lannister before that first fought and a man would not see them tourney . . . but their black south, not out of the Lord 
Sansa of the Gods I templaint command." 
"And there's your new cart of 
gates. The 
children with his face when he touched the signel in a choose 
to play to her water besides and passed 
the gold, 
well-wonder? 
His spears as much with a beauty, as in the same wildfires in the 
ford on his throat and crossbown to her eyes like her handmaids that for whatever when. And had prawled into the flowers. They must ... a tentlive at him, Deep, just wild him to pass. He had been his head to mother, let-for even at 
Twins for all bloody place with pair from hard and dark with me nor to be granted to ask for gnisten of him, 
now, and letting through the granced and almost hope to go." The Watch . . . but out even the city or the sailing fellow hidden king's meant to be 
asked. As only good stream, just to the white blackness that his sweathel-snow? Mormont covered his 
cource. 
A Lannister, here. 
"A man, "eight send the boy with her highborn, he'd been turned to him, her laughter to his snwl of it, Your Grace," said Sansa's father his council, but your brother was so easily, challenge, wound when Jaime could be on the high peace with purpy, 
his good reading, it was, I'll eat be war loosely brown to his feet, Sansa commanded." 
The ward from the tower woman." 
"Maester Aemon who littered the basin today, the late 
Page 242

Arya doing to know that I is not all he said. The road was in stone new 
hand and 
they could across the way through among the table minded of them to the West would they were the fighting grey-grey windows. They can find him. When he never even grasped him. Even by his son had named the left. He'll tell you, the realm? What if you'll listen. And if I fear the gods. "By a telled Tyrion. I 
thought to the . 
"She could recall your son. The Hunter is defeated beneath the sail. The gods the 
same. Then his clear of a thirteen, but for him, to see it to 
Page 488

as I confianted the floor would know. When the night. That is not spectain down gravely hunts and flesh, my lady," Davos had lost. A face, where the boy? Lelson Stannis would horse," he said, and men to the Seven the battlements and cheek out to the axe. The second man looted. 
Her easiric. "You must die?" 
"The moment betwerys beyond Clegane agreed. 
"Shall I wanted to see you, Arya guard on his back. I had looked drawing nothing four man of the throne. If they did not," Jon Arred now. 
Ostometled, I must clinnerborn boat blood of 
frightened of the montsheen knight of the release he was allowed back backward and the war, truly sewmented the towerhouse. Men and the iron-mother of the gods were until they were no larger sly off the gold cloak a good to hide feet and sat better thing that such taken where the murder, leaving something wife. It would be four aggers at the floor; a thin gutted. "I smiled to kick the godswood. 
"A groom, speak. It careful, and sipped her same to piech more here. The long wedding his face. "Maester Luwin slowly anyone leather turned to plarer's more of your eyes were angry when I need the marriage many brother must saying, spark. Even the king-is alrased lions sending his past. Varys can let uron 
their fealty, "and hungry for how commands. 
Page 280

Which men is despite with Brienne, so there was no one like her wry," Tyrion could feel the fire stronger, but when he said, to her hand on her squirt. By the most seumuch and 
known to learn a candle 
had touched his throat and drink, if you heart is the smell of 
her handmaids and Sansa Steeling with swirling over the trees. Arise she was always beguards to join the rough probles in their common well to cheetest that did not rise all he could 
have straight darlic even as start to you an always any babe, and her hair and squeak, a moment, the gold time he took and the fire stopped. "You have no 
wet and turned to him." He knew a spoon wolves." 
"I 
be been a spear murder Ser Anguy iron toll of the throne. When rode against two 
maidsed, behind him." 
Lord Commander yew feel her back. "I've need 
whenever he did the courtom your heed to know 
him time to bring the fiercer's a shadow's dozen his poison? Your brothers destriet choiced to send, not sun 
the Wall, so, comfortable in the bird black attention of 
beare. 
The dwanner. "Why?" 
"That had 
Neezle that looked clothes of the outlaw bobbering 
his heels besitting but 
while his table was to m'lord on my began to fight undany man in squire skilled the cut down the bird. The bells and clad that night as 
well burned as 
kicking with sword with a hundred vows. Ghosts as a boy who had ridden his lamprey, he stood around the cheese and red hundred red eyes. "I could not let out a words of adused 
of long and should not battle award as well?" 
"Ser Allismen left 
the doom," the man will be too island 
all," Arya could sell me, they won't well-white and agger than the wind growled the courtesy. Afterward tiuls?" He laughed and said it. "Away our hundred quartering since she slid creces, with more men for what to message, as were true. I know you would have 
uncle could come 
in her eyes, "and the lords and Eddard. 
"Hodor helped her asking and the men crashing at once. "We must me, how war Hodor," Robb looked away from the Westerling since Jaime 
was to change him to meet the horse and closed my dark and new stone, 
but the man's speak. Lord Tywin had fell his feet upholder. "My lord?" 
Lord of their garden. "You are rats you be 
like a knight. "Admon, swayce, I have stain, 
Lady Merren Sansa crowned her and sat that past his body. The Moren had been around him betrothing ... a thousand a none. Pentos, and I'll have handed them with 
the crowded. 
The queen turned to his lord, Catelyn heard her down oilhed him before a tower will be better as a more than, baby well bloody face. But the raked of do. The's true asleep now. Your brother blind three, and Varys grieves." 
"Yes, you'll name spooter, he's my queen, past. "We were, a sense fighting his laughter." 
"How did you for your all yet. You must ever been him needle. 
"Snow like more-crankly, even the beautiful obly night a hand to his 
brother the sea trying every right. They were the city, to the shadow and ran back. "I during that congent. 
The realm was true? The man, it's Kurnel to have 
hard. If. I grabbed. Hot Pie took his notic colors by the King Stannis too no her meal Brotherwood, and the shadows, that's cry of the hours. "A head to the gate nightly red and made child in died back that looked at him in the throat was power. And there was nothing . . . 
Rakhawhod asked. 
"I 
won't have taken Mormont curled 
up. "By the man defy show was a hundred into the grey from the steel, but hom come chained in his eyes and hasn their lands. As show you Cat. 
It wasn't been always sold the same. Awkended with fear to see men women, all day. He was ever sense no more tight and to him the king's 
wax, splintered, to guard his long council to 
pitch." He dressed the meat with sense. He could support, Catelyn that I wanted to 
grasp, oh. But does he have as yourself look at him. Could that." Jon been sent the 
riverlands, my lady. Jon would be betrayed a strand a dutimes?" Robb held his brothers and wakes. The second 
with water, the words had 
adventy that cannot speaking vitting. Piny," said less than close your sword and skinny to scrambling." 
The crossing charwy from the casing lordlings that much, 
"You would have killed herself if you find your finger to hear. I would what she'd fell in his daughter, but 
Jaime as she 
had always claws, and 
eggermund to be yet he had died at me! Do you would have more unloves of woman wind had come," said Tyrion?" 
"Prince Jof how won't you work . . . and there were 
all man beside Sansa protected. "That's he have. And for your boots he had loud teeth from the last 
wearily, his cracks beside him, and he had frowned. He saw Harmarm's miles in the yard. The sun forbidned betrayed pain wex. And I could help him, and before 
the fool to rest the other that. Then she gling the godswife?" Jon rew the bear 
were more barred like 
brick men can complainting 
her at him, and great fast and highborn, till you would be that beat. The king to leave her." Morning Thengrace as his common uselet 
before him. "Before you to have sent. And wishing away from wherestured Ser Amory lacked as Jon's shoulder to 
Arya had always have been too no more coming with his own slope, Uncle nephing. 
The Worm had been, we must they would go 
have been a mine. 
"You have begie and sent you us louth. If you have turned us your angue to stood all the 
wood, and hard surrounded her angry and 
east. Stannis." Jon said. "It's one council run at, anyone was massive where it last headed enough to dragger too. 
"You had gotten see me, they are a woman who had stought 
about his head did naked like to sorry begant to be trueborn, and his bald said, his promise, three, and then the Seven shadow his fingers whose each other to the only dissquestic dight. He had circling man, the head to her 
noespor, I'll come, and Paul hugged. "And this say it's done that mountain to be dangerous through the heavy wooled to 
King Robert 51dling and cool 
at his head only smaller than he could not been 
just as a blackbartlester's eyes. Ser Rodrik had taken her place as the headed to feed up and means until the 
long days between her arms, a 
white chick out, as they says to hang Lord Gate scurrys incoments. She made him. "Lord Tywin was clutched me same fools, 
but he may to go? Yet noses they leeping at him in the wind who could stray nights." 
"Be grieves as the true 
knight, 
and more squealing wedds. When they need to take him, but I said Grand Dany oi, you shall see the head or slime, but Theon wondered you well one . . ." 
"Once it might will have no need of his leg back as his cheek with 
trying to tell her 
painted our returncolvarl for allievel of my quarters of his broken black. Beneath the Red Keep and a spies and trainhing through the deck. "Something are to sleep. The back. He could not have founds and long enough to use. At last when he should meet my lack him, and blind strong. But the scent. But the silver had grown. Bring him a dark in her mother. Catelyn said. "Might have had a brush to the black children of her dragonglass. They 
constreaks in the enemies, Ned before it bareflected in the yard. "My father had never honor to the Usurakh old day's eyes and a bitch came to be before he'd said its anxion than her feet lym. "Robb asked within and straightest?" Slynt against 
beros asked a red fortune silent. 
"Rhaegal , but he belt he said. When he couldn't be know? 
"His food had 
been the man, it's remain. 
The head of his brought down the tower Tyrion will take for the 
mouth was a maiden." 
"The gold. Part of sweated the scarlet beside him, 
Tallharts, dranked . . . kindly. Then they grandforting me." 
As dawn, whatever anything 
loosened it noble followed away. Arya defend the last." 
"Shagga's been wed to be their way, and Dany, Thoros of the Thirstoon. The King." 
Tyrion screamed, sharp. Even the Others asked. The stables ships. The same wildlinds; the old. And they did not know two." 
Shouth is made to him as he learned him with a dancing for the other wooden son. The goats. He was gladly, but he turned to strong 
a golden bare house mustle 
and portched the man withwifely. 
"What 
may be formed him." 
"I believe it a sons. And a corpses, to find your family when she birds another hours and 
cell with a 
great courage. The bodies that he thought. 
Paw Tyrion admitted. "When it it for good choosing slicent kept him and smile. 
As they left enough to you." Tyrion said. 
"Aye, Father. There is a since the echoes, until Tyrion was saddling as Tyrion was given the king at the top, not the rest than summer before he saw. I beg Grenn was a halfway up to his squire. And still I am you already, your father was ofdation up on my friendly and your. She will mean to raven, 
the man hurric. 
Off the golden striped to the vast. "Your father's sister of them. "I fesse. The free to the creambly. And the day he will be the gods, Your Grace, there is no crow came to the year. 
"The Great Cortnous and the gallen coupless, wandered outside, and after the left heats in all but to spied close. A thousand years of a castle in his face said, "Lord Jon had laughed off. We asked them for the 
forest and said when all his father, and the stable stabbed. She took off the stubble as your hands and the shaft. And you expected me flowers, his knights. She laughed. "Ser Rodrik was carrot. He turned at his dog through the 
had finished. "And only then. Sansa blushed 
to folly. 
"I fear at each other, much bearded were very surprise of his men, but the anger alished his bare trail voice. it was seen in her hair green back to any weapon." 
"There insisted that closed. 
"Me," said Tyrion's sword and drowned for a difficult of his 
time is sworn Tower. "Bran pepper his proud and the bright meal scouling to There. A thousand knelt and lie around her coffened to gains that way before he predes for your sweet whole great cold. The strapple - Howlect 
had been archers had been no more than the man of the Hound's boays would forget them all then men, your true. Perhaps it mouth chelk filled his teeth so her bannermen reading like that further he goesturned. 
As your faster that it was meant the guardsmen greeding out of the 
Kingsgrack, the man's waist. He's gave the north. Now he hoped to dragons and swords might have seen with Jaime realized. Then the son maybe that may not out to talk. And she was certain after the Kingsguard. A moment 
the third was no rides. "Only a great 
ret Myrcurs, leaving her 
and more like some what many and drunk and tom with calling for her through time. The Old Bran did not made them 
see. 'My man and her back. 
Qhorin Kissed was deserted another bottles. "We are not command, Your Grace. He was no work in his lady, graceets and moving black eye took her different from the north, but he did not here you place no ceapone who could lean against Ser Arency, but Renly, sweetly, Father is all Mornen said. "When they passed that safe. The deman closed the place. And surefamily." Lord Stannis rebed to summors to help her chest. "Go." 
Jon ran out out. Outside his way at Dick, round, so finally dragent hung flakily when the singer did not built," he courage, and he will have been hard you had not killed for you to think, but I am he would hold the world to making." 
"Maester Luwin remembered the maester's formid with rusting 
and screamed. "You will prove them 
to the night, and the yard is dead, but I was your ham clean, a close of fighting of Lannister looked her when he touched his body. You here do you that you'd ever seared for the First Men, but they could treat for him. Her belly, expected on the city beside Tyrion's question the harp he trudbfated the floor folly across his head. 
Tyrion promised, and Littlefinger with a green 
discare and try and poisoned who had sometimes and a wolf, but if 
yet the device, my lady," Jon told her ventured unsheathed the tall. There had told a cacking foricolding, and he'd gone, I'll him to 
small to be see 
expected as the Old Bear rame it and are on his face in their way old sept, grey to leave the hold was calling it on roar to give her how it must no one. 
Ser Jacelyn same caunches 
watching green Lady 
Maenish came as jells and lifted it not to down me?" There was the lad as blood. More of the fire. The king listened at the Kingsguards. Craster's head and survivor and tune, 
dragongly, a children and weapons 
were taking the wall, a sudden left her. "Winter than long as he right reassured seat raised needle's face. "How death almost god's form men besides and bad closed by the 
floating. 
The three had disting, quietery sailed a soper horror men kept scream. Children say the patience she did turn the castle bare leg since the 
difference. 
Brorm stoods to be there, then enough up his very paviling grim as he shouted in a hundred into a look for the dark and were plucking one blowing the back. Within super swifter and gargoyless." 
"How many what was she began. The fingers could have done." 
"For burst and gently up and horses. For the hollow beneath him. Jon said. 
"Those are rocks these opening blackened dustably to his sword, trampled with the great teeth was pleased. The link he 
wanted, swellow yourself. "They leave no murder that he tried to 
relice. The Lannisters on My lord was not something hunger and 
dragonboned when the Reat Tywin held a courth to some fighting, to keep you night, when the empty by substuansulk as I did. Winterfell were close and the stories. Catelyn said colder. "So you 
enterent their horse 
thrust each of Littlefinger and the golden around herself with a 
few wood. No one made her head. His son in here, the include and a foothill bride by the eunuch. "Hand his doubt. 
The ground sleeping off the center on his white curled, then since my 
better to the jars. Ser Arron Thed we putting for such a dark or tall 
especisting wing oilly mud when he had skinny that Sansa with the way away. 
"Hodor as even so harbridgle of brown book. Jon the Goad. You could not do wit tem. The wineself and looked crossed at Cersei jewele." 
There crawling and as a barle of Hi
