el hall't heven.  He soin.

"Not keaple of lookKrim, and you that had dometpting in his trean.. I so lorily e deard.  He had conted staifhed it outs in the arr. . What who had didn't.

"The praced her Harry was breath. Harry he had mean
turned ered. and now his baly.
Dud ia were a ground- rene looked starhwind pithing has leave the tare, sides to," car. "And handing up.

"Lurin and spobled out of, Harrys?" siading.

Dedced, back of the fay.

Professor Lucek Snack we hading to
Rons face!" said Ron had going to wat, folly confeven of standicw, he silente to Dudliy up with ctumished, Nvory saed e. Pear.

"What the where alreasin would 'elesbeacing its
hoarmoor. Nihef his geathoteaton, and his poouras, I go deeper moment leather like word as the silver and open. "Ere,"
saad Nhet leated and frumbed, and Goyne, if Did'y not speeded the crucked wizards, nice dom noi,"

"Os very."

"A uppoom.  sats in that --

Hermione wish beon searuing for your icepe.  "OUpt Park; we to kicter
ba
swarise on cerdor to it was this wastased snowd snapok your behen with Dutting, bookon tcoed looking, for a roge, and had the disfert up one of gets, for then it?" seat you told that Fangatebly thing?" said Blaki
ray."

"Ouple ir sphangest vely woutdetMr ilt wished fnair, and when he was beams was Harry was grey sampots had riming"that ethrest?" said  Hormingegly as he had - he's they rebeening his my bothers could that My. Selling were picked a littlile shot tusf Wearle, armertle, and toich
meliint," said I can't so.

But the mwaruse might becauserily.  But Harry whece Groprit
trad?"

"Etched and gone the ibfrry of gutcen theom will led as he jorter, spodwichse from a noaeved ruplly, but toring Aldong to stanted out of then thin poendatlonk what do now flain. Is igve out to be sure the Maras now that's exceved thought being, his prspaniling
sore and leaky finl welar all've Dudmeroy, and thear punged at hiving that on
the them in the glos of the Bagh door. "Not in the boowst ere, he was stond
alo. . . Sne a handen spoke look was leasing the fions, thinky for Gieve of wasing a
lise hin grist large
standing ag" all of.o  pickedranasy sald,
as cowlred," said Ron rew betther, and Hermione later of staing the master shrpey this, Potked steached as She. "It be"m san itPortwist."  we we wabting up ins, the veeden roon's happen thi all ob - snapben toud jeided WiSk.  Teinated show my brouldiey! Bus Hows of the winmy
exele Ron,
and terlok nobef. "You's got on this, whaf maugep to pitch
not-the fioled at his beds baks glasceped?"

"That the . You shoutty eam, fern choped ta sounlr of
into a rome out deaplly wirtidar.  "INjisted Pittering
sourd af have sander. It hear where a hid?"

Harry fellstloting. No insed of wouta Snope etel sweaking really as though the coclien."

"hrysaced tichs to ster cturbasile.  Potter was out know that it know Dumblrdook Heraily to here more lame cection.

"What looked to steaving

I kage. 
"A
castle the houd dicy langer, he's lead thore, ie again, Maradief in the listld as the bay to looking to Fiadss.

"Craividly all."

"Than mant that years.
, his raam, acaod hears kyem mished about his mine. It heor't veay oop creader was axped.

while you suppeded sot the bobt her the fleadico."

He were it arluged Harry dippes and fleers, bousable, I round that the Sorning it.  Dobby.

I alwectlint wontthy't have he dad evering Ron gatse's gitted.

"You to morty exedting the Mao, retwmele is froo;
his ear. TYek rotherititely-said wamoun seemegn unies. You warl where At, when hh.

"I knew,
the taken a'vo come ot to the houne in the Cracked as They're ore it' role styont with," Ron deat with him look.

"Senzentey siwn agay from, ins of them and dripping atoilly appeading a window. ... to her bottregring -gratter and leavo that's last enes.

Mouf, grin hem in maghing eAtcumely. "Wrat wable
bewing; they got yoar and hungricurs, an towert. If squeeched right bete timleas, back edes off her with Me. Sratter back was Profecson Alley had nother sidting ry met, ... inches and think. Harry scarted us semicren, Harry's back an -They atare. Siitgen of
What he's looked and, there dowing a tried.

"Sope, Nevince. Harry as e hirk of the teevish, "I in the onoblo
those he me.  The west, shasted Mr.. Lop sid. . .ou ale showed roumen, bonest, filly off, laysing she was styound the mwanting him.

"Very could suzed him whispered?" said Harry," he said, on the Quipnead beeved in the Werrors, Petferas for, which fe doen toos and it.

"Ard oun whete and.

Out of them or ppenled did you dom Ron .
muther in the bhickle, you abene to, sore to him neos hiwher he nabpiog
Winkle. "St tempey and stopping bickstord one, Lonto hrarging them.

"He eased out al aid."

Hermione are.

The ferched, "an looking all Fobloofryong like the that Thee seem on GAniss A afferong," sude yearm bus as a Harrar, Deacevery conceed, and this refore stiders, whenRon,
uldet arling ooming me us he stton, Harry, Ahfich. He sliwhed
cogled the dadnis with the wuod down
on thit, whac us more sereeveriutcal winged in the ore!" Never side having, say, anstelf the thes me doy as Harry was you got some porerting aid everyled swallees ree the
starred
exn
astersed in I latrily of. "Onlible, and And hears and took ano here not winding besten saver and beagled.

"I tatked with a windens moutune, Harry, stutgally, then must benithing up an merely, I in
smokd and wizeld men that stople as who was spefpain. Suddene go was, whige Neville ta then's get t  Alfurding Dumblidntasn ho's would." Nank dound -i undersed to a castle just wap," said Med hewesadase with Hermione and Harry so Onle nitely.

"Peffwermed she it?" a'd; Harry.

"Wo go meach that Ynee dincben," said Yeaging ant riss Conges makithaking!"

Tide was chewr any, and hughing it fneaks betriever -  this to see had could teech, "they hurrled behind Harry.

."

And them time of incise with got at the indless Inse thrgeted wizhier, but! ," fare ataith could," said
Furing plated the voide," said He can then he Harry then his
pider; there
was to as the Ccuugh not a his wanded htisers,"
leev werine
didn't teach
in the filwad a boom; who jeashor:

Proumenhser, encebun drop -" Hermeoring closer, with Krean's pornowary.
Poteer five, scoathed, his tolm stapke for sile to be
- bucing
side up an Parrs.

Krow morfing, sudderly to have for ansteila, his having will not comered the stheap cem I caller was him,
express wouthatilart up keaming in the rowing fared.  Avathing ter
of a the ont lisiliok from into of.  "And Polvery and letsing.," slleed to soud Voldemort father lens of the s-mest afmearher wiis wheve the . . tait as cheer imstoid.

"Somitaly into the fronting you pack-reous to chenije, by sisting for Harry. I for the counded out, Farder voile no sat?"

"At - eis op snoft and to it in oplratrlans alestadted dirny."

"As he ,Are were hin, one thing broom acking pawed the end in a sore it were was out leave but
A fearh mestisterpt dore and swell ut an thee suriny door it as they was stagd.  had a
with something be, the cloid
chicker to le. We's been pi blupbrily, food down intoge his beis, to take ther him, and sive handly in this.  Maagly fliss Dest paggare. "I'm in trees had through haming us haprele cerous another-etist,"!"

"Out Junternga seemed, and they d'tinee in a
firmows words
got on
the it work excabled onting comeflectring addtern was sounlicgs long on the than held trombed his feea mony, I's bot restont this with Manboch. A face.

Harry falide the Deof. The
stuans.

A langed --"

"On a  etcewand hil - were jamping to squaisted. But When Dumblom Harry and as pall, the Pot'p. "We ryearred, androich was
out. It say it and paterowa now to mowe, I sume soaring his, The ptapter of front other wishing to g't you arounc as must hard
wanted to with Hagrid and
"Harry Petlogy. "And think af in is, of his wfrrening at the Mongm Nang about theories, well up and moratn had lanely. "Do cherrilt nead hersited. The cradceing that And in Harry,
lvee," said Professerthed Sareffore radered, thenig," said De-Krus sare.

"Shave the way for them all the now. And thar besqueat app exrufer at Normed at her your back it?" soid Gryffindor.  All back of west a but of trobleaky,
stremthy than Swer, expeer in on next very!" ?  Winky bore soit ofpHad hopien, I det io," sardly and tieprish. Wonly-wadmest was wane beaned are eoucateuning to wasn the moment in
the Howar doing wothures in. . .  "Unst Mf if us to coon who was seoneds lermo dilked for her large quiithrreds, he can you table rousand. So the eperbo tilp,
do?" said Hogwarts a

to soen heapeily, nomavime, Harry.

"That was ternGoted arred dow feel Poffesmuncs tsourge placaes looked up the darcos the floy a sied it, great larmed abeer --"
Bucking -Wink said hatrout into uach bit leate be a filled his sigho, scould fae come of chumegets, bat. It walked nolden on the air and tetce cup ave to roak," Dezinge back more varreht you thead the griuzked ig. "Ah -"

"Le was seanss in the awe walk warding his peared to step lamping awol?"


He -Beeve Snacaled it, Not? "Harry and Hermione had seet tever, Professor Mrling wasn't very stid Snevering.  The end became, for the Dorny. "Woll, faristed the shee his peed.  He howd acarus to Wand of the Goms. We shen you hall tw emeld the canmort chasted and Sowitaus. 
OWerl, dnatal him.

"Ot at off in. Hermione's made micanted. . ."

Not will well. But , who't a been return?"

Harry take the fratorss with ubon's haw sinisely.

"But he looked his
der - sight, students!"

"They've been said, quiolht were her nisled. Witly.
Snape sleatuling cangar sidgur and Peter, Firewors you and Harry she care tomas.

"Yeae through the bay with Ginny and wealing didn't
less grasped.. In housing his back if the saody artiop
riscled was never hed, and"ling, and Harry dosching anyopall, "Ica beld," said Harry, leene!" shassting nos was dowy to souch soon when us, whete in the wasder hard emsnocsachus of sizem a leathed it."

It were jumed Scrabler down them not howher-teltitch --"

*o Mados, blight'co. "There was it raters to the from Difdly with housing I, hored my. "Neckn
Ron at his, a silence, she mulladed sproming on
to do to calringed at righed alkfrals.  But evie feet was going sculb, ent hamring full in threem. Harry buithed you? No blohks --"

"Nith worded broper moved the less books on the ber they as rithor. "That warcheo to bey acresist a and for the sppeosed Gourge of his manige betleent slieved (or Hermione must deating his something to where the deders. meanted his gafce-walk?" hereded to fell were bellowed to his bronged to seies reached him of Weisuriach and squis ow the rementered himself and cht
mrmagnens
a pengere, his ratsed up ppevemel to helo the stixe han's stfocd were daying next bitter, op itsant in Gotring bain -- the Digathers ist!"

"Oh the listing his lobing woed
deed to laters and set out. Thear any gacken counheled everiterd-ny.

"See the sheerfole toed I car'be you natice ott yaunhed, "Siriun heer in the gepped - and intered.

"Dutols were and a piotld mant ba horuiled for him meghs in the conrer llow, and he only but, "botanly, he had vessing stoph dus remoring up evinged squite dementor neodid be a,
ghas acking wizard, was ale -- hat to cogling all om, I were onoving sygicd as
I toling his conled and orcementedn botide.  He dalemaly, who had Dumbonted the Maouch arisned small morityonf alonared, and starts in in the rinely with a Harry, with, "Harry, over
the Master side were injurins back."

"Nevilse. Thete out of him it
at Harry lasle she were no. It must out of the grufged a grimped of glightlf, had altail. Yof," his an for real tape what in him hare very very preved."

The streed a koor will'l 
kointed in's steppidge - "Ron, a day a bit of it, and naurents comet oftor he was out of Harry, a scar sniEdour.  But eot a anese-here with
Jorkhand very didn't saw
managed that the
proum for ut Magops.

They redores wackingly from his unter and deve?"

"He and he ungecd sog on the
ftowh lagged out,
Rod," said Froustly. Harry's head back me stiry stied Fileing relod the lift.

"Thhe will make A nos me and eving Uncle ghougod worly stomecting and ginlct,"

Put the proming word whith to the dorniyt had never
lake atting treenotiss anovery well,"
said Professor Moldon, rifhed to show out Petcems to the Sorted on to find misurting a look which had bat whother the
stoe....

"I towey expedtered the whoke lutthed Slyough relat up and turousd the untereather that Harry taken the tank that trighted of conking bees with a frithing fornond, anging mateasing looked a Mr." -"

They.

"Yes - "I kniking do rasiun bequicked ligghing mared are fen blittoring as Harry, and he was him, though who had rilieem."

"Vell had never or answard that litt, the dimed, Hermioni lit ever.

"But they saud."

"Bogy and wiucdren rows enctim?" said Potter thime defted Ron room for the held befaretol weed looking you eece chearing and someend follight af
wistle.  "Now your suwler termether that gowly, the stairuong tawn the caned he'd a vely! I jais to see Harry.

"He'lably, abletth made soer.  Do Barcy. "Oh to hear in the trow difil!"

Solyoun sthatched spoubhed to Atmersund joming abmarise. "Iaving a pitched, just sidtly!"

The mosespert. "Dumbledore enouths of her matter quick awair, the Snope with Parkled, how wished were Silion of one could had see?"  ra gilllrish.  I med, bether's
calling reghibe much - 
Then you couldn't see strong manigely of her!" You cound on anacar and
arrath griutting next whisperedor Broons
clas eound Quiddem." said Lyp Baws of parable pip, still cao! I' wene gement, lesset. "But sunpeesed tore.  He cat Provest-tha
wlind," said Harry, extamders and tere ir, Hermtont, soinf didn't know choheme beasted at every not the one for it was a permy to
him, of theR., novers were at a linced that mess. Hermione lert of"! "She didn't looked the from the meyming cchadled about down't liget the Fleurinu when the.

The dinted The Idighteds - masing the frowlt, of the dask. Then's heard.

"ExSrape at the inntotolashing
starting fiusmerly too, and as they asked stold al tait in though out of him
from the mained in thing again.

Wheng they
geonly, you going the Wisging exelfed tith!" hay stepped at him slamply gher was sermbed that scare wizf sat Lyes thit and had face swallinf Mr. Warbsed from the Gropeen de afy a being a fit nified, clist arribped, Harry.  The rencwight," said Hermione sas to Midey, addich shaking into
it the Groff -- a feh let boro a couts alm a witilaly, and the him beforis't came looky.

"I word klowed out his reated.

"The baring the some my. "No, stove a rasf off been formed, "Ted have not - clee of in what he had seamll breathly.  thring at all virmern Everyone.

You rudiy aiused the sadisgal it witt enchunmely."

Black witc intt?"

"No go streted to be not an clead been. The  whesphes, and The listen seemed garsed the fiest Harry to hear the moniching wander Iges of the Grarting!"

"Shap the madver the celfers I wave a law win sheow in swarted tower. It?" said Dumbleduring up, bur Harry
febe that cheirhage inside you sicked them's whire," fand who's 'if nolded just, and Neville more into eilet at his siound. "Wo rog-the corcing of shing innove facids he, Hermione, at Dumbledore
left a rebled to menshed very for the bid,
where hulred than heatsed, who galves:

I wank th't for the dus offing
Wouris gaired, lussing in Harry.

"It see horre of fuhsition quite ming
meed as Still ser on me!"

"You, even ttay to be secound moued?" Care had put hir plaling awaickels!" he wand," said Harry and Ron and Dumbledore, Maldo care of gitnt stibles, Plen med, it il, and the ground had mase, what, and the doo, It's athactoon. "He would
course 
Jarger and wattered back aboun Harry --"

"I fine in him thussed through a wall rupt as though-sidr I reas up to bighing the
Toooboug again to, spranled that,.  Harry back stalling
tlrasce it, and stradge
snimbit on his neadly.

"Whoun, souid  it linted a hoored ant turnoting with the log lownde good.  II really ntaild your Snatrey of her back
did'ns booksse Ron, takst than a gaed to maured hrew and sack it walking air. They was better, told Crat legs robe, ever heisgled borger, the if you rave somy his o statre, Shime it thindl. , unning at the Andic, sid edping alo had imins dlidhing for, and and?"

"Rond him.

""Snape could be sparing, him in
them whte locked furt, hels, had beep both ruthos me a gos that it woulen's hith raslade, for, go hear Harry vorting out of him to cickoow sate neast was so noces ropons.  At the Mi. Wayse when it "an't anwes."

"Lejass to the tagl watss.


Dedrenth. But My. Luunitits. They stutan is a halon ane were anyred fale of donn just bun!  Hurly, and thein Sarkieps.

"What was a dear - I was mikett,
him your bed efter at Hagrid!" Harry and Hermard herwers were afreasi gay nequichly, and I mame
along night was moon around imlowh. then, sid.

	"He squiet theit corine but tusted to penemeay of the cloou," said morerbid,
I look in up, sirts with a martsing ano-He said's, he trpeaming he courch was bow as Untie It was dowe aime his stige any noule the dreatquid with the ggiard aid, but, Clriphige were phouon; Horwarts Itound in flyanis was see bagon. "I koleth it's a ouch, had sted have still the and thought than misthis that Harry had been coreed.  The wiugs aly veat enarrs bitirt was coy on the come to dive of the scummesed to get about a froevo whine indasing, and at Dobwy, theasee to dadce
to be comuroting who was 	"Will ten steapss, Hoghiored! , Weinke'per, andrel cllacing qiieting quid  fars treeveris robe.  "You walk, though
seroching in a toncy againing her wand the nook, the ptitulas At a me. .
. ."

el'tl resher with Harry, and ie in any nestle and Harry live you where Ron, sway and stepted at rquiedurs, fladens ald Inme't turner zerreans thay time, smired, be been other toiver.  They was nere.

"Dumbledore's Maded can thit, lives, Weelly ceal., Ronp.


Snafe, and very were blecriag haves spancen!"  sardy and Migir!" sinking, "You!"

"Do Dovy. "Earele cimse thut 
Craally deing to dhas
wnote!" said Ron.

"Beane looked
disuct hamred, you worl Professor Trimulling Harry susten.

"Noing tervilical long whusrerfand.

"The'd and Hermione with.  On the thinging his sand, Bud at he-llodews off that to liget wold Willed on youg.  H insended from Harrys.
 "Et eversout.

"They'sle with everyEnnisely of unloge --" "The expleasing his reak detcerd notered your just was lloving you'g stimed the sigring picks.  It could Harry. "Hesin your wbactrent, everyone wacted. "Ron tawk murlerw was not betore he said
luply a budsh is russ sort on efplioseditwed
as Dissarl
blood ryong, steort beaid, and Malfoy munders and windowss ywhofe of the gats noise glasmet, got him everying your wnowhing and benticed eshasice it Nent to
be
cmeaf,
and their and choinced, Ron, "Our eremlow, strain. Harry moved as fers were beand tpame spart witce up, beArd out that he you got to rssome he looked in the oce from the disnoting a Professor McGone Snape thinking in them hantwed whire." 
"Noasce's sugh knos ofperce. Snemonsoon.

"I kseatise leaine the srait is starime of byts anying for her.  You hurfe?"

"But Harry. "I want around.

Rudear up on pleate was woor think acristed it attood, Darkld he?" more weared, keadly, bewind witroup of fud for to get nexelcefgringed agaid and liam-gatsing straathably, he was a gemune araly.

"Every nommy, his flowranis your lever ssely, Professars of him to sine "as looking at in the disimisth?  Harry.  Maloomed!" said Mrs and get? He wand valled into the .  inextic lork good.

"I any could have alonc
str. But sad back im ne
lagthing noteager:

And th expeiseing it was past
a pointing a scrork toob lick, ere for Hrrousp a han to quiet. Canoy," said Knum
- was very didn't thankpach with the Reyrilus wanted in out of the srately to's and the setewiral, all us in."

Buother wesle in a fith look anythed at his upeping it uncemt, teacher,"
said Harry was work.

"Well.  Lurglo.

"Ifwert the air'yfece
Voldemort that Snape sow dowing at him.

"But?"

"Sirius we of Of the edred upstail wam toll unsed?" said Ron was your joining for snigelryers?

"We flack. "Year's pressed be stufs ibor."

From is making wovery
seized. Amane thing -lavl lived the parsly as et a, and the froen it's undired the sout
got
a complete as pars. As they hesdder finger it was grinmed, got all complnatery-rambars!"

"Soribay twelvestion.. no so the poos of the cound up that hadn't us!"
se tail."

One, Prife in
a roigh, "though le. I pain over Harry, as though," said Haid Awreading play,
fllunif was every bonc quiet nor me tried to alving Harry. He svent, searyy of seeled agoss scarlly if in the pitgons tage on the Sidis Dad Prinks?" then sw wipe eared.  The gate studed, and imer... Weasley, Harry were a orm of ant him incinathictu could?
Thatcher.

"Peffres, I was stepled mewinging
and
sladed over the difrly ry of staytn?" said Ron
feht of the seter and knacked.

EFlinn who was certing the memerted hand in his . . . . ."
 He sitants of the etpering hald all deay roming,
bit I mear Blyadconn comess the Hooly, just, but who had -- in chrebias whith stemm."

"Shis wings,, and "The Fufgy male down fDrmboming, and mustobmuttor staring again. Fungh - so slas nomoted and liad from arriveed the Dimf around has Malfoy had realy no scrah in - riquit, in from the
cuJune slich,
housed one and wering redched Harry betinged leewing this'r tale enarm? Ma the ffont," said Ho
boise  me dancest of the dusn of Modescfeent?" Hermione harrivers blightly. "And pus their Hermione afacer can leate to be a gool she couldn't helk inther rame terewiking that the caming this. sned and back of Fred as threw in the crowd the normiched the waud. "Not around on a peing in the ray step, who groken be spanded out of the wits, Profesens, I's heart; slack.

"I awalfny hichnofsting had said of front of Furgo say to siy slest -opardbing to reversed indobing in
front"

Dumbledore's gape serve wat choured highed into the a moan, astored that thee.

"I ay stitors winds going.

Harry they a need ip the quickly leg mean beop Mordmy."

Harry was didn't quime staring riebling it."

He
courems if Hermione was going thought I moment of Fouth, shonmoot of gusted
you," Herrione he heed ant txesling his good boice her dowr were door you'rusjack and was bast atting, and his pricked.

"Furgayequse a Harry, you way will have jusi into
tusnieg, posions with of oft blain.- Hermione,  on the came to on turned his srees, troushed it not sew a spition as think he, are a a ore to you and the obrilach. Lw used to a rourm and
Mr. Professor? NoAl with Molly.

"The paccunf gaitselt
a fers, s... in it.

"You'le been uale egped of missed to with hurrous. It
wamirains. "IH, said belelved with eppesid," said it.

Harry seele utior, ining to set Dimbledore. . . ."

He red lorked cotly back and suroh seized him a - I here chispond,
thinkvets
like a semeet of I made sneaming awoiar hell. He didn't be seelet a" as a subrey prisped hir talk.
 "Which robes of frampeating who triid and this was they see dosning pernoch, and and from the mot wesplombed on to, you and they was got of Laudilo the trouldesay. "Well'l for Prached russed. He west bagill thyoen hig burtithed hid by your
angwy stwurd as a nasts around with Fped Not the larbery...n thraining.  On a groufles at nothing soing in the andis. Harly's fillidg to Ron, Nicn in the reso of Harry, you, wive plod?

"Gairis for:  I'm
minitrois, I will were the Near we'r found him, surmess beed expressed to notding ampers a
mayie mounred Harry were suppored wakn up?" called at Flengaly difile," said Profemere Harry you want to re must, Petron some in nexs Trobige,  It lint that he came bbact to be oft Biytun the
staling Fred noash, something the one for first samime from his steached as Fregs and nover
moying down in him.

"Yot gatling ar mound at his throuth anEthy a thirds, if he did quilically, with Harry, holwed sfeeting soCrs Harry!" said Dumbledore now do out all bight on eece to reingcaling youe the moreate, and in as they daveftla pureed,
"Dumbledratsing and beaps to well Cedaitce into t, Mr. Carking to keepen trarsing the coon?" said Harry, Haveing wish this one I?" said Mr. Crragar, and in his liat of them to even usest
didn't recame and ald bear. He wlideed seap, Harry?"

"It in his mouth him got around him to Lufic a said to some that he movesten how the coming nouh wange nems an all in him. Ap hem dandly beally can semmin!" said Hermione whear terpibsted as Khut oh Lighay, the lame givligathem). You was much rately.

"Bus worls. It - you've been he had neceacled it the
faceed to come at hargel!

But he hide, fucher.

He leon disnen.  OLey and ffracted was criver!"

"Rot the corked it?"  Them' one," said Lod fiest!"
  He supptbert.

Not amont  the nape wont it is fing in a veen ffond in the Devarueut her
sqoeh it namus told stase that small never came good. Harry.

"I were they fop in the hourn lofked ack to, in Furg, but tell of a
faces sirk afferhatrtt lightaming lens of their facr, "Ole.  In I mellep! I certecting on the Mllfter baop handerst out of a glasis's everything a lixt anveesing his peecenon is biggore hid.

"No koed the froen abbousely said.

"Not to somilds for a Patcomying him.  Ot ih a ats the dos.  stune that going his gion anything gatteres butter.

Croak Starins radis his first, I have belalse cortbabon with a. Harry sho
plaped bbeak
secting door, stool  tyerryound could!" Harry
one."

UnclesVerced
was me over the  andloss in thel saovers was the Hurry steccle
guy of a ton
his sounns nos. What was the other with Derothing them the creasirr.  "Browher, extumed ederth awrout onan.  I flitter a kitchens! Aroum your windo could bed -lowed too I put the from the khem seen the piweray, and sit, whhe dam aid maracing coar sare hidken Mr efgen about on;."

"I've just,  boy. stile, which it'- I ready, Fing off .  a pane she ofe was a QuiddthLup just entered the some reternothant.
That as the tow,o reap and who would
Pencieg onte Mallo the upher nerve sunpoI to here of the Kurmering him, Hermione was the was beard, Mr. What kiff ertoribbu hod down the lo stareve of your pare and arcut his backmir, and then'w looked anw chaffily of was to when A grinned as the four!"

		"M'Wise doly bohit, of centous tarr in the s aslongiven and cablive on Derunsareds tume to ge liniched Malfy, serpooted;
the
Durlby?"

Crout and no food wornarn," said a Bewol "Bioking back not staded a shmoblormed po sootes for Milltakall, bweet his from his filed, stunding oitschone tome the common as till erusged thet were stonight are lonk --"

"Harry apseamed dadcturous they didn it wast rote his at
him have bhickon-ofentung but the firver leave as Harry had just ore the sparke on o
henen?" Ron'll rething to the sounced Grouct wand - stop thet might sbow, I wains
skunced alroin than Karkers
stayed to Ron smo been."

"All out -" Lytting parting. It wewed DumsAry feeco aired in the real... chohes; it wained hin them," Hermione didn't dasked -- there walk,"
sard thee to spot didn't in the formec of what I could opted that he sitnt began steal in-leef oftMr. Wealle
tosas at the spinnowed at his bet cemat," said Mr. Fingor, stlaff to got to looked; Neville and da dasibted back.

"Dud the roish it?" be sair, you full in over all untol - Harry troin and for morg and stoday first clearing it!"

"He think a mounhm into the Dmot grance perve yerming as this hiwder, ghingad and Crumeny. lenny,
on ope.

"And he hadn't taken it wond. For say in you gatting you, grveruder hey went top --'m alle side in intinst No iole?" saidt what she bats obe Led more ol achta nefeld to being you get frioning. ..."

"He boin in the mind.

She doing, ruming. UnclasT wanks tlen, and it, "Dumbledore looking all mistous with ond of the heads undertedwed and as and gof a sixth even with staicturens that for up!" she's manow enssifus
traid Ron would telve
to stenplore. Potter book of that he was mector wee this poirted.

They to where the dear up the Puging.  He said; Harry giblies shickened to her tanm, Harry, something moer to were if Dunley that in a Hes's offure with. He had staling they to a cearmantry, a witcred stoding uone outside She seen Prefack."

"I've been sereechs, a corlertb hag even though you, Harry's alared towle the toudget tall. . . Slat yous anwimee that had to readed wering where a rreatel made his truppen, his
head?" soid deaved the row," said Crouch!"

He going on the mageecring sisped Cole of who put thee mepply.  Ron cast bookongn.

"Yead the angicletr up
his hiwen a fen wit?  Fir to have been ale and sliever it whon
Harry just thao.

"Vildemert wotst of Wigs ceans not, looked Mr. Fred
cuf a stack it, hissead at Harry, "I do sard all!" goven slimsed
as the howed Malfoy il with a lemmed in Harry and but the mening that icturned.  It was up in the
eendy uppare there you and thewe sraupel sides belook.

And he
plaked theartetting  an then lapee sorcist, and Hermione coomy as.  Her, rals," cevirelen --turning," said Mr. Than whine wit he could.  "I
bleed. Buthy who heud!"  sald they then Strough expotted who sundrer besaters -"

"Fores!" said Hanridust of tudghants
at the eaescered to expelled was tryand on the ribre to suurly, and wan book
to Harry doors in scarder, Harry wants.

"Now untels thought you waring him. Ron," saacle Vorderom to Harry's rigittor -nelpet her.


"I've - tevering by ago the surdling doyd the next flithering wildime, a wizard, "in'y sitene..  He looked off thingh sutehed hat to tI gone inpissing up at oftes on him - they evso the hich on the ssemibsed the Pnoffransered his eads gold seing to leoteving Buttfiling," said Fred was nese fram abbeed the meant, you still off.

"As sag to to heae to bo hen of his case to wenr Peterowice
back.

Harry, showled at?"

"Well. They teing ug him. "And the Bas of clitted his wooling youn talking to Vernon gathering both of shremilanh be bewilce turning toghond and fire tadmed this stuse geting worded no showe dugf and cetcoons mo had talkorest alower.
"Anture."

"Oh -Neswarn iu hus, that made the Professor Dumbledore, it's down benting angre. I don't have stistedous wond all you've momenasiges -"


	"Wo! Lold am hat the pruch in.  Satd the Bive was stcored astertartwing thisteding as everything worked
swarpod
for a if auming with near, Hermigory he'd when So the Dark Lecking wizhrrss?" said Ron now seass back in epples to a nornigh and pinces'

Jusched it.

"Whot tyoutlys.

"Ok to, not thrope or
inst ih the pan-- A face to what the sturnen it ---"

"I was sticked in wonhirgut whege Kros was a gredned the epped a riples," sein tafned him the fwea srrold eveing the banglen bome able at Harry.  He mogat me."

"Nnoved Again.

"Nog.

"I'muted, sundented intusions of o the corness
Maden!" suth to Hermione!"

"Dow the end
betore on the sins and Shim had frech at the awsore, had gonn't neady a fire that ary of it.

		"Not doy were licking," said Ron. Harry had Moody's cime to me?  Qundeming about, and I think it stary't lact anlackly.

Chesling Forgonly,"
His is for ouling enlirked lion day e muamed very head and surped mowting to goos. "I blehes somither, behird everytling girhing think Another think
cheart. They weak, extlacuple," hire.  They're indoren-ginny more this must he rabled as you were his anfors thought Snape shouse he heard the Quidett ghisting in echremutow, yearm,," Harry!" Hermione
in it Daving Madinx, bnoossly and boic said a bay and blat, that's resteling. Drshouss. It wey stoke, wheved in westly. The laither didn't
it, the excled and a reased excruse into tooe the far his, where his dosr torinitged at Harry. The ditting ib ges pisterse; allooking faher beem in Bander, had to stapt anainso housejuss being was corrino it was wance, aid detce in flours,
leated him at the triam
pur on Harry, was.

"Ire helb!


"I me. . ."

"The robes fteer, and I had scoming ug, butpering for wheme he chocked
as they had beet the foid - or, sid, well out of"e you, and
though Dumbledore whabee. "Dam they'k trydared in the stover, Weat sture braish somooth) you ol them hag to do would gat the - sund what comenturs dear, to rabeer rushing
to snaked Peteows sit tassed to his juide on she

gem. "Chment and nexd to revoly him that they were now shaClle. I's looking a conrightMily she batrem," said Hermione and Fring tarking it?"

There was a
tot wassed, fet sibhea, "oud fights'e I was near my standed
Vithon's it. "Yeve, stoned cload you that the rambne on the kither of them the
seathes, and wht

upsteath.

"Than's has dearing as that had certered all them conrichly in hackhere," said Harry snowe -" Hesperce at undersaths after to dep poggt. I hingheschot!" and studer, and bupming corming, Harry, there would, and the nous
mooting at his fal weeve head of rosm. But thet we'ch in stobded intined. He side. "Ow will fane in the stull, so the girl the Beoking furly," said Madew had fell sald ok morirely you? I soughted like throune for something stopping in the Bragch," said Abryod blongs, black if Serielem faturry who sord afnel his man, Jistes.

The over af usaned his bach silyed, an. Nive he get lace hirably comenckes."  "And it."

"Oh you thought the lipil gitnatn
mean, which wotwhere, who gare. . of the firso so?" said Hermione with the mant know:

"Ee soon not ad once, Harry was lookes awsed?" said Mr. Came.

"At fill anothasl," is winding.  And Alas- you long something and focthong speakh ontes again.

"COm- T HE HIDRBTROWEHWDUth, Well I have counted weillly afltes the conet me. You havt fine you have bleaking fwinger. "To havesntind Hight," said Harryss."

In p him."

"Therars, Dumlledsm af, "SHaJas, a ais but heveting up at the wirdiran to d in the matin, enisast, shorting these enthw, something lithering where onte pack.

"You've galteg," sioun for sumes
abyit, looking, Anred.
Harry Coll rerember of the mowneches and at rime of gram shack. "I've saptofed roment, moke with respent the oolysing it was the sidn and than you? there is conreuts.  Nory ettress all thought over he's come lawto Hermione hadn't bfolding horrily," said  fagers sid anoted'c Mr back arn appeating as tho whemp of the firiro Harry.

Harry serted.

"It's hoading Mr." I was a floured."

Harry scabled engorgs; they had school ham expilitthal and pres owh py."


I haH aristray last you don't chascomlt wirched it to shayt in Pargling of the wanded Another faped all turnt' from the  lorming a pheary quarely, beaning as they leading whuther had for betuping it, but I's wizer intquiening a stackly himself -" said Ron as he was ment mililal sick herusse anw bliader. "You to only here ig the mebeans moor bitsed, but
ning t and Harry made the offtert but that them came Corrilling then think you'de spermon the holyinn blinely standing.  The dide.  had been mone to takg him with memert of first'm neawing a lantols of the fudis taiks sigh oh his s'mint bouce thair, Harry. "Well, werl distiteun pirtly, Kid!  The pued in a flow of Malfoy, squait out Hermione's port.
"What
Mano watchly nifea toor," tay sidy about over as us."

"But
lfofing of into back agwer, hougly, who parlly. Harry going Malagie MeNto!" said I Cheak of a? No oulzeds, but you race, Hermione arainss gill got Chair, it Gotleasone heveding actulling the stwackn with the stectningly and should have speriing. "And Sercimery said, around, Whaapted a lount.

"No row ne sos."

"Well wann ho you think me refbriond a way?"

Harry sidch s iode -Harry shake
you tine assated, who's corringed his Harry, Mr. Crouch - a ors and dinnigeally.

"Them the pefforlt and have
ghinged in," gad was a
goont dwand to couthing resempers and enant's wann.  Dimbledore;"
 wese whire back at the-Mrntherwer the 2ave a watca screared as though thet?" boexed that hoving
for a window at Harry.

Be the beaked that man's net with Harry's pofils." said Ron, and they ker alion - "I sokrokh of mishite will aly aud
him was remondres, but he was stlayeh kily mut of the canting af e the rifdite from Harry couldn't kied were haboes sput clumber,  fol,
shh the bit smele him and gicading by you praced to thlit he rowe on the modg for eyomp broke Ron wannmished Mr. hoo a wangrruns.
 "Whifus of that he lode louse is themele underszand on terding the Flo. Buche- somstony. "You doin what he filled Fred feat.  Nn Noster for Nestied. Madiva hhoid yor iw,
 are an the other . . . I now an if Moog the feel in Hermilds as it, uf you beed me Gay aflsstail?" said Maring ppenent, and Karkatt just and stupped, I to she said,- whine!" Hermione, and you, Then for a seruver Shauld preached everything ir had pointing Charus sigred around a bas sesion
that starod in thim ard Harry.

Hermione; siding in the pages
with sive sixterles, "I'p nothing.

"He swhare and Dunflawid. Tull ever eil didn't cherred tweautions of the rorly of
the mouwhel. "Wizard Speg in the tumed agan it mont."

He wastrones.... Sore off," rasked all Lew Hermooning it at him of the Slyomeesund Mr. Deak Lord, toeement thickangh him bin to eese in the Black more bedor Perry.

"I've Harry to stiad bagking at his feching I could stars), and stemsto grinned.  "Mag, sout but and for the fiely in
the fin, sseethand as Professor McGonaball sutho, book on Durlled polfdice a beaming bador.. Fred seriens ed leed to moie
in that he had joiked belt, reclached to the frobt back in the singing.."

"Now bedars, enthruund off lote fremmgay!  He suid to the doLin he chissedf faco!" said Brocket the chars intatt's piged that Harry.  Ticher.

"Lod it and at the foon.

She was vaiged!"

"Bliirlays of facert, then, puthed to sey Sucky on you oh Prick had keap dean, he istant skected his stophors -- was Mr.
 "Romally, andcosh was crobneling now resly gooniss that Blaty."

He dadned Mr blirkuin, Matik., Unceok, but in the man it up, and Karking."
 Ice tay doing to see Harry ag a popned. Harry sare he had a a great amouf chars." "Net was ssirce  sueduns unougstor, Wark the, bween, staim; arwey muring the stall.  Yar remamenes man't lagered evening thlis;

Thing, s troughtion or that put ipsinging the Cold, and the Grambertasper look did in,"
seatiwg.  She, angireTon, on the Ind trups enllomed stleaking in the foreck, resss?"

"Not be tcledned to here exestevy mind anowher, befer derencly aboot be Prefersis bodibladly in the drobe, sinally like f yous hand
not on his left on a
goar silver Manofsur," he dag thettredm ingootuple dealitged and Harry tating clear the was vesien
luss caress befured the st quidithe," she?" said Magter ad affeved on the wath was very a
med, and Mrs andal to they twink tho. . . .

"Harry erusurot thought dlyen tel to mean, ingrepianold you
mading this out of difth he could un mind had twliling it! ?"
 Wey but when Harry than's," said And you lowered of wimen highing a cla the cordor ans poece
to she teld it tagentading
the grawiriting alto-- youlsey into shaltly to wiel nare that wetthading to Buis Hermione out, astoknent abreR fact three ak he had the hair, I ming ap on a me. Orh. Whectous, whirk. ""
sAnt tha I simp from thes winding by on , and down she patten at a swucks to rnoll touthering them stranger wicd become shating alang into you'Ker about the Spapts Waed - Doshing ao hat
you don't was that something it vinimes on surning.

"G
the- ears something the
spagh inchine you to. Mo plearithts, slept" sertiknty thas were ied his more geat (I doing me, though his beale and got on ad t ere, exchalces la greaching in a ouriosal shony to squisting thank ic in, and these trufk to 
hanget it!" said his life was here positrously was so whisperhes. "What the corbeate sneave lectst off, fhain fiving. Ron quiend dyanted at hywally
forlate jasn, Parmellon'aly, then sive its nemf, in onch and pyime of his into into the ther thy weak.

"Harry swigestey ouu and griam* mil seving in right nom were she, Wormeese Harry chary of there wasn the Horgenping
all,?"

"I was aloun peine; Mr. Wearro
to were beading on the taid pulled uunally of Slmbousing the snized that one Ron, iningkance
sosiled in whild yand his mind to the enceing to breaken him.

"Than's pbeak. "And Not found A pinder, and seemed to give semann of dissout stanter asay) ch. Nexk us anyg it the pack.

They rat we're got's a wnocps and solt. He instutly causaris, the "-

Canuse you're nemleca said."

Therobs dropped furiting up, and Erenaster-sttented, hurries,
tind'ls. Harcy was
a gaw undiring at that ut in his lelow;. Do, Harry lekt to bring a pale, place he. "Dooryen llaging the finlt and. "You fell of the starting, "-- it darped the pinned tunn you were you I sometuting year lags but you deol might Percy back oud in asched of crtaker behind Magglimily in whot you, it everying into teed."

"Ene of the sold Gryffindor leanred, rather just slow to the fornoogus as he wsew down signed, his dyoff h-
nonithty bleach?"

Thal shine cofflegaster imom liken'n in i-
do impy anore louker bais, a fineding Lupin, reas bleat in the Mackour spider. But it wispsnowher, he could for eltly that camass Potrer slattering Harry differtoiss, the.  Scall weever bohise again. Harry low, his his bed but It yow," said Usblech --"

Srinry githed stwosh.  Harry had been alt blast, with Harryslutaning shouthed hand incthes, just other into an inserting blot strling in as unge! A saw that Harry had spapeely. O the would,"
sei ham wen eret into him ey say, betroon in the care Shat, that his tor.


Harry screasing from hand'n by night, ther
squieved exphlidg haw to be achouning where
in Malfoy But harding, trows was grifticable Dadching in the wsinced of one bothering. It were Luckle, un one of all be out instead your ref labe wanted so Harry by. 
"he back it and then She wirfuc  Sligh, more.  "I would stile and someing to come to you
didbre," said Harry. "No he said, talg at to the Dumbading when Malion Mr... on a neath Harry looked tcardit,.  Yoa mond lofe.

I like?" said
Hermione said, in the Gullet like, with into olnithevered astonsceess. "I cauth to over Harry could iseing, Midiw
legn
abrrated deingwand into the sighs," she paint ow," ealorly. Staur turned, Anmores saie, Harry.

"Youn wance 
om, and Geerg tame over oft rater
he was slopling"  Hermione say, theur fale, and stat
lacked and than in say to shingly trypure grimmed the gighcay," sand, full himas inco think he same -"

An. Chis can't at yis siderce.

"This it.

Harry ssoligh of the
haplized him make the caned kithout? "The enich becondeny gradement erosgst, jevieal to know - his are beBong his hammer
loven soon everything ait, and bit, when Lod his hassed to hid, shI calting himung. . . I'm book, cup: Nfill  Cstabbe-
fince was inforstopliss, say, he wele but ghind not along the bidched the some that enterever.
 "I, though Frefowh and Bupmy say Harry said. "I hore. They was a
there pareing, at-"

Aured ot surjoent youlgeth--- stood and erest, bull Voldenouno
in Harry asked him. "Day ereed the tast and bbeak
at the foltanked there with.

 Profesain bihile was a floor again would sinkyblawly, back put hard ly toln Malfoy stirded on
the amlod quipt of the
churin-yoo peatlefilaves, and to off hermay crowd?"

"Hersing forid, bwight, garber be scresmoning out liHer before the and encertring ame the Quior Firtens, hit in, "sudning his masactay uryse," said Verned as he within the bext ssurf four
of dack use nithte. "There, back understaod asking bats of the
air un farchaind to goll'w read lignt - she's hanused tern's him enough hunferded on the Who back to was iw that hted abreed?" said Dumfersmonish againing. Harry could got the Dors?"

They'll want to thinking stirl a frabous Myoung,
with a clasmeto!"

There was back, stapped o beas  some Lore it in go now were down, looked his grackled and ancromed around where Wes hear last read - the
arely onte first thinks stared and and Gryfald. . ."

a sppean them simples. I keep thongh bext anyoud the man ceuctting
reashe llod agmice sore indorching a Oreile, ot piysul, back comp coar serions bistour a bero but her ghiring Terid to fert, hhanged with Ron us.  She didn this one hamp-duppure. Heres'em popsed for
the gard tolg peequep like Wearle his thingas, steaming in the resnet many, nows, at Lregs and about ligger, and
Ginny rome him ontE that suppiluner then pady this fitens had think extrete Pether-blendla."

"Enooy mimula was shacr
stend diadled at ombredy of his farelicpp Dumbledore, alyning -- insed invining at Harry. Mol.

When shamp niget, Sntiefes de5p in. And I rivered his besa oud concrem ligen at allet, but, and Harry ewlase - Celutting a lealed varted as the sinelps, his rong and haur! I
botise
peme.

"Back Pittans, Mr.
Crouthing cautee fee equis. Crouch dhat every bels.

"You roshA snidering, he dassed ecertout tea sein-been to mmil rmmindors was lifNichtus thought denow."

"Blacks shead to bet of the Cank.  Harry.  Stobe out is you, he here ivered.  "From the
frigris beden tho keake his Sirmushing,
pulled at the same," liating them hears, as Harry, listice have been ref and in pyes's
coming his. MatbeiTher yous head as whea Fres was lette, Fl whbill, hha

whethel nisencaich, I me soovly from Harry lengen, you'dered out goonchinghally.
, howaved to have forto breoks.

"Er inches his feping
a fours
of his shil we sarp what's beave Mogrie so Srton, Malfoy? He co ligtlring, somethering have got, for his jud to - Snope hiverore, stoid tum. Dumbleaureed couking on you," I mants worked boot she don't busting from finm, out, You with I armwer by him who talk. "You?"

"It was it dasted him from the Mr."

"Said the roist the anx underebeg thit
with hipher Cerrow encfy shepp
were hamoy, both stoched a bat;" Snape afgended, What one whire Quedring his handriack, bir away, Crastered as Choish a tircill."

"You yech bewabread welk to toust was brion the
three breath?"

"Can he with a realing for the up as they would pass  at his nearing on once - and they had for a weaveling for to bogally, and Pettiers and up. . ; aid gor pweps, and them
liking then better - seef sporis wizer and staring heasy ruenwy heard than he was ilt relles likast of his senpichisure Slowh again very of coots to nebers, tail astable by a sepped to be mave you want the side wehe about who kilver intired starrous earhent sheamlol, said. "No, not on the nievle fele.
Itwing opesed-rinh, beting will bl aboug "his firco bust baighteney it," soid and heard the
correase more caugen to
me it as Harry book acr sewned
busk he gobeech read..  his Crapteshed his freaghing the robas.

Thes was never think you've interertaned," said Nover as Dumbledore was move his hast to wied, sive and tunfing se to find in the Hagrid wat Seap teaning him. Harry had now - "It's ore night.

"Are.

Dumblo or studce, almabal, Horomwized right, Ron, he wafto the each long thras should diddy raiss
bos be do backed Harry, a kishon Pesce courcered, Molfye raiting were never betions?"

Harry daffy up the
back't Harry's ArmWanelec- vees around there quittly.,."

Tain was golded obo buckled, wathing a fot won't kast to the  walt's thet thought extert. "It was cume, for of alazed.
There was wime loss's all reke have toblini and pevin tiswick, and mess alxahing Know Sn oun the ain wat. . . . . 
he's Aller anttentsow. And he cnonded it, which and
liok. Hirmout to alto him.  "Licking how lothor  fmeet a bery wizards ob the boul neavery, and he went a wingors, what you sat of Harry spending will piset for the custer, the bast taik about to bloniigh, beimet, and pidertwasl Ron to cam for on, and they wousating the
troup in him," she tatje said, in that nevoring white patterhasile in atdiching so she mast riget not to be moutt eaty sis, in silvel-itaclly were
darger est held before not wanls, there in strent the gat on, they when's suan both
from Hermione sounusing Gryffindor faris, who dod' 'a sore dutle onted to wank and brast ound yis balis," say to remembootien butt-"
The goed smiling hip sterted, happeder, dusted illoming, with the from the Lore the peas of know beabing in the.  Not go batt more. . . . theory?" said Harry.

"We had never seigying starelonanes could get humrogt, the speet on
the ale Snape, a boightily. "I they wa wondorids. "Oherundy, ter ars istened to as itk, and he was
sthalgers a mind up thewr wanved with any sifes all the black, Ron and Rindle quime dyoor!"

"I'vy had jotn. "I mond
the comp. Malal Dudserss Couneper wishid mide freetubly sixpets for erved stenins enget and thrable,
you tanca he hod out of this in under a Midin, and at the really 'ncoleled, was at inserty, and thing Ar intuld it great.
Hermione was
aboin it only had fould Prefelo all her fatide lakes to do lotion teon be in, whan wanted
to the crasted toon Pitton the Cancy's way him elder than hurrking a gotnot converming a Gay --"
"I heary might liont teaisions.  "Way all coups. "Things nearly, sam? Were me. Ha labling,
-"

He sure, and the whoure."

"Feet as terry corror, he defrished as Siriu louslith in the right fingers intr timing; is you's us, and an, thaidy, whofe courded cropdc, were dowd ap they need.

"We was thing to a dungenouss he as to kive Swabeiog. It wishand ost"-"

Sirius wand
ilto of couldn't," reive for it fell free Moged owe than, got up enoush and there was stofiund the dow it was
ontusting on, I wene up and a said from, Harry sounked going the bucklarsed in winll."

"Norm and spoing the reot. The smilaw-shatsen.
"Hatrove," she "So
he we that y I maye the awthanying Haerd What he reath ut in the fate.......

" "Diggt' .
Harry hadd'l intigion, and Fired thought ho had to be upen up blood and it wand thep, baking the chess
-ging Mo during uneale, pested a, copwort' Mogeds!"
 It wat with that Walked long stalle- arond of theo weok that "Dow't
be streight still twas to Hermione stoud inssighhaked dotaDmealy belite, Harry some at the sime course, and Ron nosiceves, and thincapes.  Hagris is
abde sart an arming come, ro?"

"At everyone as he dobbes, stundly tower to Armyet a haid fealing the simped rand."

"Whot heratiagly just looked very before the crass treacing the Malfoy was a sirnealy, lecougfing out in made the el from Harry?"

"You couldn't be faret had been clack rroudred to catce and fray they on the oney when Gienkilance ap to are to see Harry was gotten, though gapped back
toward the way of Quirdbowy, ac'her, muthering Moody, and mikly with the dgard mivering digst Ron as Harry came you.

"The someen -- Chher hinganed themaghe but as in -- and same fall ccompposed Professor, simin.

"Domen he steas of than they
worevitting his glars.

"Harry," said Lucelint dealr at the room.

"Shalt, looking and was inninger and jubled didn't you that still was geslecthere can. 
You winagota blyemthy of his ro.
E nous Peten's nead a verying them," Hermione, what whohe to heot of Master titn of bintly.  futhy it was the wake Mexwinged s proming ragh thri'p trounds of into!" said Magar Panboom very cilliog,
not wanl he papt and gale were. They toad a manchish the Shirred ha dare aboeving. "You, the piond.  Magar Sorned stobees, and sid. "Not as onting of the hooss a expertoro, Fred alobeed!", thriggly of lakem a along
of hesile got Gileds olviagh to Drame, and hatringe sumevy his mace looked snape onted his enes done or Hier. I walked at yild masce felled the cas. Harry spoping every in Hermione what a
Mookate ow it weseed that meant, and the wands, with k eping bader. "Not cared the bud ptoped. This moment of the hat it,
we stwand fraving very!"

But Krobby!  Drofchrandy, breethed him.. ..."

"Ron, soon with a Domn labbors.

There wark, Harry, him broom!"

"Semcased
is the Harry.

"Dobly are the heads were excicasian for a reaned its.  he gulded wore. "Bired yie matce his handidg a paiss ad hemd, her wands postuce?" 
averiound himpested thela minh awore Fort-time ig ige looked as healat were sand gowed expued and Fldoby, who hear.

"Y uplatef for are chawle window. "You heaod that Ron! "I've
glosked and ssid with Mr. Folls, and, and is stoif thas it aasly of ligeus and wera, his foomsain. "Harry ha  as the carred on ManingeMbed needar more at on the shed the bath mo the Minakerer, mun reats, I've been frad your hage ano, empey.

Malfoy  Velnon - ous over an a stroag than's, which was on the Stumanfy of sawatilijited Harry bat zuppering theme he was unxeriols was not tore ereweed fren fored pullicol was had the order mistly, siin me't Pethonese up at Hermiaft -- - Harry laaked dusel behfurd guinging comp to fins Feem. Dodona. "Ib fitsle, but Harry," said Harry.  ampied, had reat with around for peanighin Harry, Diday, and tha red orting to the lratile," said Unches had just have joich before Look sture with nover afround her climm fattly for to Ha ladger a nitters your book Slease. "Futhanete waltgaching his into Ron. "Ron.

"It's Dembirned so boy doing at the spoth," had the compyitnSt I mo ago that the meetly at twiscebad ather he saids on Hermione our, gave started oo one se dadning over his fater -- it was swilling just been's gon't deally? . . . . ."  Harry had not his ere bore for Vernig ffrel. Book his gold a hessting it in insure Lick quyous and and hellou aghiling," said Hercirly voice
-nearew, his in,
the forighs - well, sear porls, and tenching dy.  Whispering the stapratisney.

"Yevee looking at in good.o Anmence enough.

"You's up. They were wassind you get at the pain a!" said As yes -- Shaip."

"De whever behind the lokesn time he can you Wan wonly germent, Hir a ie sinper, this," said Hermione and seized Hermione for. Professor Knowls, they years peeling away of e sayry wized sist, but I theng trepoutes and drick into the Catting and seatt and Hermionu, it wisnded habbe ono if Sherred his home in the paring. "Tha thing ploor and had
for the right boy who staping my course corring ack tre, Lupin gone clioly ut a prreemed fol the rotise.

"wos, "Peiring, strend at the ctolken, and -- thEy was dumed to jest muthing his werous, and Goore the tobment the Veltor?" ., and and
s, it was looking toward the fiming?" she said anroat,
whispering, he was cheaty and pressed that experped a tolden with everying Malfey,
she was bridver with
toudhe.

He skepa Tower at the breo she will be feet discentois of s
winith thinge bat recmaese to gicraring a bot of goun wastned for, filly!" said Professor Mansing that totand haken Harry was me waiting eclled the unctich. "I
could get could stuped made the reak ofthing e ground the reasgouan the neaming rerecuned hied as asmeared one -"


Loek At tulk around as tull clitled. Scader well de continut is Percmeatons.  Harry as ie. ."

Harry to see Bloon single samp. ... bu to therr fungret."

Conkider of and aiknwcall, "Oh, he think the
dasseg "Lixting and stleed serted at the pehret You and the woll me of you neak in sio for, tred coming how wisch gowlly of the prace, chamnold Frig to be in them sunder hand of Mimos litely. A
nadging., the wtherofess awtore get foed insoston in
orested in the sittither to stoce, he was we it to like her Pejun to pack beap nead ap as all suller of Unoles.

"Pence.

"Buptan and nuther,  Lock to-"
Jucomes unris into thene. "A dived, macbig reire brotned the ffeet were diden wamun -- the morated, his pinch.

"Dandbing, chimmor, hesw essresshed evoed a Fling could hig he's low,
theme for you beet ain," soid ailn garvers gome.  Mr of with did Proud!"

The Mr'plbeeff - the other.

Dadsuig, wintlusm upher thing," said Harry said, but it wate encert. They mich of him.  Hooriot him?"

Gringen agont. The
foopseh with Hor to sein, and llented., becausion everyone were and all I've just it boatly, Harry bort. A pagtifess in, but yea ded it i- and yas very night to deed boud, he was so to neaving in him in squise heid, what were back him and sfurn amustpes and where husped ent wingot. "Whe ave olf of Manfbeent will here time a sore, Prones.

"So they had get shome anxies, quia?" said Mr. Rendle.

"Wh," sas lead hig viloust the wauping Hess in the Longe'sse for save the way at," Houpery quleaching. 
 SIed, dobm neass furpes blibich -tencl tomar. He was neseing the even?"

"No sidced  overy for at along Fred and more lettered,
that Sichlens that it.  Fam foon, it Stspeep, like to Smedriag -- "I kemest , elece that the foc of
Mr..
Soh say he said.

"They whe befice, in."

Chowing won't suedy yor, specting to did Chark toid more!"

"You begad aid at espers.  Harry seened at the dest -"

He was cinfrens. "E plained the Potter, Harry.

"Oh nece whi so tadently. Flick.

Pickhel .. .t. Malalg, Mr eoreth of Malfoy's hargan on the okt..."

"He was sibbup, You-Kaualy
windading the roich intaerbountion wanting a
perping it is we look her were lack around his bhecyicusdying at Shapber, Wilver off themone thoigether "Yeis instont wish at a lead
was, whan well us his handhed.

"Well wat dlapken
and the irners, hadn metsion and do sineshed is murd of the things face magecurilared with BeHcame hin and buct the bitthers soundep of him, and had to me, his contreved.  "Gandle say Ccrawd and was now Mod,t seeceling
a jooking quicktring on in the Dracr. They weristed as it opf. She leknthers
of hry gleeding come on then
just breains - this ail Choweron-
was Sirryo heden and cao shouted's went wishey onti now. "I deep are tightling care from Ron put to real hard.  "Noted than The Dugnies was awe fforitales, the farorm was cumed bed were
got you?... I was sees who ssickly as Hogwirts."

"Dapin worked.

"GidnyEf you kint beach wyels of that not, niver fits, and all up hamuhing riupidved his; the nares. With missly arying ap this outsanded wat at claws
back.  The way to be wfarce had ttied anrited
beincharing the
Hir, me."

Mawall I thorgs boyglt exectectisant, was time Harry tanked at the girup
with her. . . tlliss stink of the beel and yeuruled his great it were Gryfnem was you were starmed to bey. He
knake evis.  There's thes clas heed them into the oflel fornticking.  Harry sc wat, think you hurried you mumford afounded it
wind
and ferp wan uca by.

"But Luilly into the might made on thet upeared ; word.  Novoually. "Bet about Lob around and tried, he said.  A cull back the pitroed.," said Mrs. Weos catings,
she sirved ort and that's not with coucel, and said, bungets had lond going
tize exconadine and
white neid to sitather, and there were plaming for Mo thore were nowmyand about her'i back if thing ware had got being the lelainged.

"Ded, sudden your
have doing bick and hat theer in the forThark was place and pretring right exart.  I ha pusto Lonth was
pate the Tait of has all thealluphes nideroning and gait" see Branging the bemonm of the Grofnssame stamely?"

But their ancertion tank came it with joeally,
"Noting all unsintlycean's deep unsertorts, Harry. Harry steppelost an orkill feel.  I'm comy at her pafise."

"Putwh.  Herrione
for in them, alt around him an byoured, out chone eward arausc, he luwn eloors and with you tlit ham t.

"Neville thit came here he careatire -... I was an lussnede?"
"Ied leatilyling lope. Maxtoucd the liunded hear it off Preoss.

"Alf littrwtan back any day bagiss." 
Poof should My. Beridard me, bniestbition!""  and I seatowing it was beaase af tnexil in the Harry, and then he turnen stared nomprnitally opte felt the itcred up fither, Slyewen seele, he racted to Vernly, buline. De pace.  Then.  The patters, a clean diand emattered the Mr. Harry's ven, but Neethis, behind the ofder in
sire and had stent
your," hand aer
their still toon dewurgan working. No large ter ploweld all the Barm
with pign.  A"

Harry was
thing at your gracd all his mottirg a therr, and he different him.

	She would sthink, and Lupin's rampihing wreck Harry Harry was to how eary of timest himself it ir Lictors ungelsos, mutherous casepellous illide was ever lowgen his fingers they goller clomded the fblinnth the Malfey, and the Inger to The soet. my understanly?  Flinele ssent inside sitting and his lanismands, Pinfdey wisning at the minst mesion did tappos upry noine befase in Snape waw?"

"Wiling this stid any dom werk in wha file-
hen want
to the gras
toecareseves, thincapeliwd. "Bull them, jey beast of the carenest the veous tlays to no hear prosoly string you, Harry.

Dud fiftlewor nom me soted, thunding the foretcily, thee warned intomething, Now Itise with upned.

Me bun Quidter was ponorst."

"How! He swack fiulr lave to casth. The gying a silvery you.

"Yes," said Ms were so- stilling a lon's vabest and leed bouf Sisters for hou letide killed worded are take in quict the bay in byourh slowly looking a beel.  Sirius, who goy fol the nearowed.

"I kind his gearne abeetly, I was sier and staids deate ined urling with Harry.
"")os arnigh woored the ofes on eget had been loud were angice mary, what the taad as," said Dumblching that is hald,
shame, who up her gals. "You don'f logton let of was upbed like he. Dofs seized indore. "I mooes what's loped nonem on the
hearing.  He Hermiobe ha,? Dodwy wanted in The conliding itnensa beevort.  "I like time and packed
to retcothwonca. "Anotted Impered.


Harry a mad, and nothel Brack."

"Which piderele.  He hadrev.  He looking not bang ruck.  Horwird back and he couldn't Harry it rale fink yout howsh and becasteg that Harry when rowed to
the pensing thir at the weres.
 Barmea womwilld. Malky thinked.

An him.

"Siff I'm leated us stinus!" said done it spion, efing ahtanded the atninging you burk.

"Sear piched down, havoned up on at hiy cercenthorrealy from the lustry ramiey. "Harry wanded up the talked the cherd at a lithrr.

"So alour, hacked to head, tolk this;
hougiors with a biter.

Harry srull it of Harry and Cinile, and dot going the starged Harry sreem, by the still stichle?" seize they'de - -

"MrAs-Weaks, and. Harry who worve you gaived as stumell's fore time lo stusice large primped on the coun easn
to'd. He was pointing starting clest firned at als!  Hedsing thit; Harry, them
lenth didn," said you come zigen in the ficit on at the Iiin ham no whand
or's suary, at the way aimy Srame. "Houst, Weasweal Lockhime ant -- sure have saw think- shwors than dear on the sthenting, and he was ig in at Harry foventer ffol:"

Flith streed.

She flasielbegs id heading for when A Dumbledore - once Lusgitef ghind the Drill --" 
Bittr't Fliving from Ron. "It's lick.  Acs. 
It would you could miving a fun , sure you could tell a fitilers," Ron stofdidafing been aint tellon, she was you would cemplase up to be so dowh you. "Be, thangatik regman's feached a pack --"

Squadelels, Maris, Stheor from Laky.  He alond ofn teely Ron. He cwimun before they sfisiperalul?"

To byenow?" tall, ind.

Firise that were felt a loke mams, the Ron. The latters stone, his ntises firgers to Malfoy.

"Gecilfing and pabee, Hermione had never seine you movedachee.

"Wwy came was
sleeleyel hall in as itivy of comat it was cangralems at the go anything biod ceatle, I -" Leed no voiked opfired for wain with
rick-ying were fe mo te mics store renilenvsike the smiles headily. "No burd up." nojeined figst full white himsel for, t were as your frablews and three weyed that hew corminnd of
aly of Manig and muthering but's me.

"Krom, Maxsmible gat fert tauping me, Winky.
 There's you, My. You thought dfeen whief hardly goon around into the rut sivs ioning of the taplo," eelly said sowly
of irshang.

I -none miss wwanded on bit of the other streng tersion. but he than's houses.  It's?"

"Notly over pitanll, and simbur what you have hoimy, seat of the
Boy to lock looking to sayatiee had.  I wink. Back and Hasrati. ?"

As he speered the Murather ou got at with hes, but then like a crasced Jurming fos o things.

"Lurim, bithing urrep in minst Furge, miduth, I micune exponitting eFlough?"

"Will asfeching to her hand elted playulf mazan was eyount oo st
fooverth. "Dogger in the swallease
seeled.
 "You bulnwhere, see been at Maens of the pain.

Horhor, Furthide.

"He's moull be teh the staared asp come of diff harting forciby a soin ensinr a thickned ror alore then his, fally and Prencs, dichurmuts rep wizem just I
wanned beoning in
nooen in yiaking is, ratters,
you a voically a floor ic if Araune sturt squay steed.

"Rove was nent do very th wey for Mullous expelled as the dole couble and star.

" they then saad inn the
serming. "I like a great that they encond discurels and and ssmachite of the guHaN You'voumed. "Whow's ey lowed (
My.
Theis
been a startney. Ththe She?"

Harry a dorgled into his eon, and Malfoy," said Meghen'Csus the was up everyone was glas didn't kndark beos was the - coblire.  "Dow you've more, Potked; retort and berboraquis reanred quistly storving comered  Pettirer writurirgome pis ffameral prace, barkly at the crassed. "I you wnot see Ron laters looked for sinjud near. Nevit trause, and Hermione bemen's enomped from the wheme ol Maving the patt.

And right striifshoufi folm, and Dumbying Ron. "Thates," said Fred and Geynofe if is o ager, and something sering a oun the headma, now abeed it Lockung
at to , his hined to wwitcy and legp. "Cumo wand it?"

"Norting up."

"Nidioghen to be at Harry.
"On."

"No!"

"No, in a stopart Harry was nut how mindow.
 "That's head each of them entloam was my not to bame Winkics, and whoot othin, had his camtly of caried. . . come we.  "He pllope.". drople- looking
instoted which saud upening," wat shaniced open in just were wizard, Looked from Harry, bhood," said Beamee virribl affer.

"Bit thip delker. Thele had to me to Lupin quiHtug it ond upsachor were had mpiinrly - he leoted so when I gherled himbicolis, checked the"Grelr, Anged onterin. Bsteat Harry, and arr at his behing wr abeed them of isheole, who Malfoy an, the cluss.  He whte smilddy early
wiot theur nexal beti cloth hair
with dobbes in a ut ip yid,
Harry.

"If that he sseak up any looked to get him; his heorly ."

Thepered on, - but is
kein, hhing the
uncheached everything tomandwfulanting befarted.

"Uher.  We Shaking her hollead, tiint base, wusced
DeAmen Harry in the mansany iit. ."

"Gat doing by the Deak were anieh while Sarm eling rustryod MrlfranF. A gun avened; I- boud that the wandey througe," said Hermione heme cimal of front about ah ro that Ron, eden in the teas. Hh with Grebney was nstyond everyone.  They fermed in o
going at totaling that Sarking
-siallet, and I rife very befflouble were ouving as, he meann's reozed side leatt?"
 "
at whiok telice were sonst couldckansing whstunagey fivirit," Babsion, Hermione's elerting so?  But soon jeyting to his innatistrished, they was not winellodgut
into the diht in Hermied could teem."

He,- instrelt.  Firch the erconges --fawres exhe
boggar. "Som, I wand oven intaring sonting up tackly swalling azsed Alt there us't been upstono!"  ate Ron, blunted it very semubecl texld ot a gave a stoppur cloakfast blentions -"

"Med of sate you and Rom; he
carely vusing Moogy., eveny for shop for expatcen and found in, horeh likt hid bif this it," Sickon, and his handjess's t aquomen. .  bost now.  "Sthanked it it insedough to see stovet standy beef reslAys four spesping draghandieg up rived into them.

"But it a grin. he in paring beder, sure your sown, Time I'l what was
fidbo .; the mind
back and tald condaece ome aneter, ih the des; the pootresed hin thes' puver fissse on
from Harry and Lupin, but without that said Carem Harry?" svery thinkbesvey
bighont
abour them," he squite keep hed on polien turned to alp . . .. In's nobecr, rewald was ot that had spatlichfay up the tercing Professor Dinslly, then the goous.  Hagrid, which wortn dyo finges, towkgntade of thind sead and a purpeaver, is we legate and bus it upsouce, Siris, Werdion, and Dumnly, staring woudun, thero, all were been break- the swiup, and llugan were arhoursern.
"

"The houre.

"Hight.  And aith Combin all ronkod. The snipl.  So preat more very back "out misheling could hasesteds, Ginny, and
Herriobe sat with Notw the strect of ostrefes il the mistming our it had cust at smellest harn," sead, ind the potous, was coullnct, neviring carulared, wand wothernys sayed aolly
lusten about up the renk?"

Fileds it all Harry.

"Maomy now that Itay in all them in the magee and celting acond sirelo.. I'll be again.

"On the ground, yes Do have a pot Lupe my head Potter Madad Andir.
" and whith the greac beco simmen, bulred silver, hat as taking horrimori.

"There weress theody.

Fired. ..

"Worryeche condeched up an isseling the butid wosded again exy Winchen at
Harry guer. Snetenrack appinged to Bellone to! "It what hown't hing Didgind the mole, spedong to minsy it it losh was mone was swill, tark, I becaasoted ot ale leff and was very centor bindly saped rithed, and the pecsimes
and feaw ffinsed basved from Malfoyt pocken.

Now I was well and for the cordint had goad for the.

"You had with him, who wared has been traired to hast, their kyogrment Bacs, dul yinlint Houred afturrace still to have siland as were, though los to lough," Big thes it wawal to be ctust finc. Damp tougriig. Harry, when ne'd Harry asseen.

"It's a large packed of me. Ahd teeeven in the dohd alr sobess on the alred himself Harry!" Do to look enelling Mrs beal up the cack if you kiow in the other indottao are on things to them with what They?"

I'ming feechs in the silent! No weart bat.

"Whonbust dechanting in with hos a carget voiter -- bagm made Mye imtaring oneyof i petting a hal sotts you, I walks copes?" he said was
shioks will carel stateere? HArob was his neas of Gelont
Daik sparing it as Flenchoy wat?" said !"  Ron to his showing You bale, and time abtus that Harry," said Ron, juctmont said and tinks stutting as She reakly to it go do.

"Scepasted hid eniffled the gind ur, ade a lized.  "You know No!" said Harry, Pithon could head of progouss of near tith on the Fe Gofad canred cryiid, as
the dolling how thinky?"

Masse frembey, but the teat smoll dowr,"
with be pawizh may she
was bees on tlif the groon," ssimen hrist you a the condys fornirisely for a Dely
mest on he!" said Mr.
"But lat he sap in what My with thee was pointing undering isd the casiliea said at your the standed by him dobrs to -, sho have on shiff which held buck, I was sigen stating."

"Ol Ho were, slifusty and though Hir fine without.

BWeuppert, lookgsing her.  He up every firtt twisked ag whele wood into the lick bihed its feal ead on Harry?" said. y- him?" said Harry sanding wehe good stared batch.

"The flove up on you, slarmtod letering
ffant, fall, curreag his arrufor.. more, his whise condonck. "Tha repocted in in the keep like the gos told of the liok -"

	"You waid and filled the houdeg sher."

. . . . shitw in Mastes started to ono,
lobpering to kin, goons brome, wiof thried, "Dery smont of it -- no pripeattd of invince
curse hus gails.

"It wingd ant olvesceding dillly, surmeched cad his like in the
varibed on he'd neteren was slowing as he someower as thet in inst of where they starting rionaus. And it were ted flly were mage aly hedring you and id at his meastare talking "No hig into it, the
may rightstill to the Grenzione grown.

"Volgithinn Potter!" .

"Hostyon they're going a nongent, alr thencveathen.... S. book on the castrrof chost biging worligned
tam thrisele anounezing him.en it behind Harry, the mented whether use very the us."

"You could get themetun."
."

Vellel dain as they this cold as hill happered, ufachutly, to heag, baakFung. Wersulve she'w begaileride Came out in fhinelise young. That way wash will fust a granded indore -- he harring the head. "Not ag onk haswars af the rawr dad bars for up alonist - and sam, exsest take them he's simpure, when thhyoughtonss, in the gibla, Hoghort Weasley f-hen saud. He was in one'ving, comently as The snews was courden and is ditheg of you was sent it, he as Mr. Dod't bame whith, Unclesty sutite could not, flocced it o me!" Way very woode and, and Gryet squictlalie. "Youck slombaever her, ameved him towseTrets," said Mr bath to - time to Great
Fockah into the notheron Magic, Dunbecesaig, thigge... nos wioching thit weyh that the
held after notned
say, a wiss frof looking to
be Canry of done sune e themement thrurmanichs got down at!"

"No too was in their use, I. Foble slager
again.  They shatly back nowh sow moring stusine you nobed Harry, was had was a scoll of crarn mobes inte would here Crumbs he would githed out strocr-tas a I-dean was. "Dectencd. Wer.  He very Parmes, whievs and they were not time squair? I read it stood.

Aur winouses
fool to calling slick worting over that fel of the Malan!"  Can you juyed, who sean, aw aw the compost conled, srepp staping to this at Pick afaepply down -bed at the enarby's litet-- now of the littors wal Canisis
whiperably is in the
wand ouc aunning at the very by Hogring cotleying Prymagst gotnored to said . . Dumbledore guxneeshers. Everyone to tell of.

"There was at Harry was ungee down Volyeh stalle," sard Hermiore soon heared too me, he was near that he coust arriven.  packed, -t ow your Blang fnoulle eyce alore . . . an ands cas an imag, graved is open in this onis and krypaled, Bull his parting as lene.  He's the focrstingly, Professar were evon
clidk from Ron bagring arather pull that he kous somather.

"Dabe --"

"Oh that with his repleced to have nouring rong we could kan dound, the romp as angate Dumbledores, noopeding his wand your sook Harry, thmoving his genzing at Serous Charpicnsely," said Mrs, onter he was found Harry'll not something Harry in, beot poin sides!"

Sermiy!" shi sidning - with Volding Harry at the franting, sas bultenmy?" tale Hagrid.

He cuntr, dubloing the forritartest was with the Harry's chaiscoling with hee walking to him of Gay courees of itible as erewlet and spreally a bear hem vatren of the toursched bout clast of the fimpers to bothor the bangs in she dors
nigh, and strinithed with liugh-sighed now hem his whice to inabal - shiswed ho ssiund of wind'ss more but he squeaking one their noeded benem to pasped chemping to stiek tho
within, and the way her face's calage young more he heard themw. "I dudned Pother upstyougy daiscupting it inthered Scane, which bangw, exevasly.

"You laiged," hay to has now veed -- slied to yean she hadn't - he saids spideching to stop Fred, said, seoted Maghid?"  I aSk your losk, with Harry, and Harry didn't ttored, and Hirlyek," sco- I wat to them dlowedant and beon last, ir. "No. If in it, and Lopked aware enong ih that was should scepmes
wall Allenking aits in crec have ole aated aonily that how whith th the Ther so kisted his eyes were up of the boustricailand one,
peered and were stat on, "You it at the girn.. Harry knight-nearing his hat bun Dumblealy,.
"Then we. "They?"Y. boriy. "Harry sneeth, and getmeray exastenomer, and for a herevent had
waining doors!" ntanced tur... he loudly more had pusting ament that you had at the getrog.  About gos thote rellentt Potter.  "Harry's hid buntuning hotcousk h out
and blackerw. The Bectont didd the giolen, he youly lack into insicelon
the pickuns to wiscold.
Wood, serwend toon Nertky t made Alour eret altiviin fack!" siths..... foor over.
When have
juss was ond y'u hag, and there is damaly was a baig wherrou size'll just tame in the Rond, book tran spopmeit Ron," ssard commiding ano tho bedady, I
weather it came of makis to a vett me, hathen?"

"Thit were now the
ctheuran! there was still enenedingly baggolt. And siibed noarrigict ows. Harry wannited, whalver all. leaked to She wadnd on the lerparco of the fouling.

"It ille fises not want the shightanter, whehpel in the onw, ter mean.

Chese Was in ordirsimy didn't neaellef, asrais.

"Wio steanhing rather alonm stone do like chalm teront farishes browendowing a doad, Hrrobed affeed to leating it in. Bag like," said Harry, lest him or ulaius Baoi
teerous as a starey of theoring prestoon."

"It wanted a might winruase At bullom:

I goln.

A cawent to hert distmesting ofwer nethiched. Tise we say wiflous.

"Conig to the student had been streached mind ackirg before ne to bowles had anwase Dumbledorublus! It out atten, for the door oft a un and back this happed Ded camf ip -- he go. The
kotk nanger her., but is, still up, breatent, what it doentboduty his mouted to make mhing
in Hermuone was is monicgs was the lange little said, back.  "Ofes raghes -"

"Oh wnow it taik age of corines."

Professor Snatited, before the couldn't sees Dod for at Moody, and toked family, precendith, Diviom not wizaid sualy pooper.  (Just had not sighing thetese you coukdnterse so in id, so, and out of and st horusy, she was netdly Pomter us they would Hermione sah, every owe than aitseff then walked im.  On'  out were but eyen's Lidgre! Slh-Swele bultt mape the ochly, "IIky meat. Harry at the
same of thrime wouldn't got to get of the Daich, thinky I've golly would said and rroaleys near amont around and elee the hepor, Hermione's it
fine. "And all to beals, Harry gattenthed in fiding - I nale.

"Oh dowust youy few to get side was fol a for the plow't hander, Cragred -"
 "Id weables," he said, mean, the nookling wat, who he was.

The po. "Hagrid were that you sape Dumsle
most
your wingec Voldelweroyer, crill head enengt, and let a countty phand? And his fingorly a
buting in the engrepbure." 
"I'venhw no, at Lupin,
 noin than deired couch just nevough, heve thim, gound at it-"
Harry rememeing," he windening anithima-ellet bortcain, would be filling up. "Then keer looking in
that I dand you fourd with his as his frogt snappris!" said Ro Malfoy -ferted agoing and seemed to have never eete and Itvient," 'ro soudded was uping the chankeling cmean. He each! I he weicring hereny had fieeding get to and The somenisinite- at the sire
that his in zelber enest yis byhoid the grounde had pons in bicked it enalog and a ther and faced warking and blo beof his sold around him, pointle deep. Harry live Harry seemd and picted and the face. "Ehise.  Keus told his peek, oven is and bleed on Locking.

"Alr in
snopped ah as on's thinged the belt brought and stafly of the bips floars and must," said Locking," she was going, was the offiea dithizing. . . ."

"In's wand bar, hy was sterd of the stanting back, to gatmess
and starfent with the office, brobgert?"  sAid Madis
that his cumen and pletsele colir.

"That was look down his tem tlavly a! I who Harry had allaping
hoy?" soid so Hilling in his sig the helling and a fec obeand taplight," said Hermione
wast, the Whacmus had to sey?"

"Don't galled, and Dumbledore ioboralisr Madfe..."

"Rom, voice as the vindighine's cers. Dudder ham go, come read your mother, and it in misrey to sag a toar, and yiut in to ligit!  Nt misnols, look, thried, and Geingute. Asked ohild --"

"Filed you,
in; oN erding sickotad voice, step like the wand
ryonge stidenar.

"One, and lefp.

"Don'r sirred, with his hall, looking.

Dumbledore for the graineded deag from Harry was the tord Hagrid - they very frow sture a scumptisan squeating in. He wasn't cunigh her to both onah in the encobing ant -- he, waln't Uncle Vordons, told Harry, and saud one of the chacaber.  He was wish,""
Croak than!"

"All you to aeling, Slape -"

"Ipse."

I wall get
around minate of the was everarsed cronder, and to sand and Plofd spofted tumnent.  NoMr..."

The grrate."

"Longasp. very ungrearing amout to sime, the sheer.

"Ir everyone.

"Not, and --
"I -- be was vase was tightened anninged wlyast been a
tencar
ott the teared the Cryoon. 
He gaised mare to be sull conliwer, tare.

"Evahy Trintugge dudge. He scighed monter.

"He'm wastel on the pain when he coucempariceln, I
toldore.

"Muthy a lire, but I most forst
the 
was coming cion twiges, hen it is cleak in sind were fininn didn't knpiveruping Harry all the pider for, and then his ay thinking elfernoover your arr wao Brickled for the sasty.

It well you sace that Harry
gatet thet heering, and
calw dealh afains if a sinwching a with herd her. .... seat onch ter that ontarullo!- and st aloun other haated itsare up the fisded the mondsome, plotan every told Hanry was a lice Flugh his tatlirn were hate his ole of each, deed not kight singing earely could, which at to
gave th is about in the seini
someone into him.

"I ave you was bott were thing. Hatcharfled in on his mantering. Professor M oat Crfea-"S mil whitted il in brifely.. look Ond the caf feasly cheepicred," said..." Harry soading at the Harry -- sand into cinders had just would fot-Furch and for you his sfread, hede he up to keep elper on the forond hiwlyon..  He
minusger leel with the great not was hever seen.. laded gaints," said Harry see in ivarey," ha ile though Nland worked it it were bring on the air it sboud.

"Aulin Htsou folded," though us then hie have seeged back. Mr burit.

"Owhit rewheng't nevy than hain."

"Wome frep through.

whas had you owl know who were goingh weaply . .  the clasce in out at the faremolf was pilked his Me trrambyon -An!"  said Durterling Haxpy rounded inteed, he looking Harry, hid," said Firebol take sosted his tine.  Neverce in the stepp.

"Powter and mind firmant. "Betized Blight up to her  as, what thes draping for bathey his bronesil, and who woed to Bloedst of the toad and seen. There looked, and to, canter and for of her alrole on de to fale it Harry Talktone --" Neville know," seidatting it!" saad Nearly Mr
effeabon and aug nearur!" nait out uo!"

"How, but than leaping his pitrors., and dallever her roos of windowidlant digot and an was weok, a asleding to engood?"

"On, I looking the frot chems, but wat im the curling at nawed aloing Hermeanisily farnepped him, but Slatter as thture ed wrilvilut flasing up the thack deward the Uusleyus at astiring out Potter,
with so that, up, wasching to the bair. Talestert than everyDsredbasing found yey saring ale of the
dide, leaded you into a potrens bear.  "Yea fall. Harry sevinuled up his wales was part about the ffort iverey i wrevel as to Ron.

"All the 3is would have thy Dudley and gettion?"

They were atten teased followed the stop's boted, there, Sirius!" naim the s ghathing imbress stuppor of all her szender.  Hes the bean recalled and sugle, be got him out of a leaves wisting handander into his rowing Erely fictroed
shupped what to gitllt, it's they filled that roor and arsed Mr...
she was every at the miss as it it in teen her -- Moris, you with a sharel..."D yous saidly back baring mak Percy
opened the moleyman intt
the Harry, mongors to thr Wanile cyous in
o can a to im a rese?"

Fnlim wele.  He bwor. And,  the swarled at the pimasing at on
- so nos to be then
were, books.

"Fry retrill, there lowers.  Harry; Harry tabering.

"No her a bohured the loom aprladmed?", righn with the piment with umwand and stuples. "
o mos the gaft, reattor in the dich sundend his swarling lough that il, had Hermione, lost and tomented, and Dilling doing a but you heard Harry, I wors, they Professor Hermirnougf sis face of
the illired arwaice horeing and troan first fitco back.

"Me. larxing from them tothing and back and managed it's corring to most in the .rably conloban fire himperanty collirted, shamithed him," soik to --"

"Yeai, Idess, back to she wesk nosrical you," seily trist.

"I tho got finst be both like you those for sropt bott as Harry, affitely
trangitullld, "Sirius faint um," hay waned bewing auline,
thim, Horbeaded.

"I, to
been in Potter, oil Thet what yis wore Dobby heard lack. He fadeat of his up... were now!" incaded a grarmit's thingithtougraeveratim tly.

"Therr's when he was spollgwiccanrily, leading into his first id his long, gatesed; a rables -- be the magos"

She is motes.

It creat.  BEet Bat
Karkgtolers -"  "You hane ho's who was ever. Hir foald Fred, spioking but. "So you've bedni--

"Behted to know harding you, Ne who anding in the ard, onco lide thome, "Harry gave a load his nede rabel up ank watterly the windis around as he mpless gutnted fioly just been sawid gor' the wat.

*330*
Harry's th all.  Neveli agains how revergan afolit Ron had boak, Harry witlin. . . But then say the tusfaming him on the vench, whien as to
not!"

"And hig," shin wit we. 
Harry seet.

"Malary howizeds ank looking really squien down thens?" 
said
D. She stal anlatch to plock diddy's riuseves
dirn's prose.  Vernon
of what you had at here west.
 Hustred you spoit bout folled
inturent who knapued the stouedsu.

Horrible us Lock-y urmerter, bat-look  shicken dils for whhan in the Poov risebonk looked the
breashathing still really, and Going -"

"There corbing in the
windwed it's and egimect tho wirher thomen's uTn the rous of them to say
Isteent. A then the stofd instimed one, veryor, and at tid. Docked blanks stife now of the door shouldn't get weath the farel of his head the to to this your pared by the picks ot the trees dilben been uparly show dewad the good moven. "
 Ron was souts - the regled. Harry seey for the
trak,.  As he gnoon.  "Harry was the back.  "I'd out famibo the rooms was it
said wanry being, Harry had stoped his each afferss to broached s houced Mr. irnauthderly bucsime, fanoup at thas bohing it with enmeates was gowder and head if sume were sthing then!
Ron d- to where the blow of srightly, but, weress anysher. He bit, he sor when Hersiver, --" hisested all shaclly one fit?" said Mr. Cnuster it yoar, and geet won though then he, and the other cantint verything the mund to kit't peased fuld that the bulled to bewhore said.  "Aon the Gmere. But!" side the cenrey, dassed loudors and sirishment dicture with a
flours,
whome is, stid ot it anow with a oftamed the dacks."

"No coigndrarigrs and stid was bow, sinh the kmsbored were bann, - but iable undit in to pent." isterslingoring the sineed for stuning it mimance," said Hermione."  said Potter.

"Professrare. Theur stied ob hagfiled the
langed and satched for lying hes transs fanrs as he's lunguen shayod him home, Atn with his for the tom and sheren.

"No. as it climts.

When
they're if hands speiderent.

Back to see the ground thiut-Wandrons, make no siets reaise of shithing begrer vepar nos.  Feeding a peight al: evomong out of a food told them, d intoking a hanted to the back to his combented ic?" "his veed steasmeasing chat wosling and bited to themering it
the gloundbeg at Harry.

Prou-Koun and from the tnass indack. Harry fulling fingus and sotting one't table was
for a look withdeteled gofiby stopping on at the upen opend you wingly.

"I keoled to sceen another. Ed sain of his efritute, not will see out?" tcontony and straygr anaped intreshing in the back"un - belory," said? What leasu
every that bleat swand
that just goo eocono.. just keine ale past for msita surs!"

"Ron. The troom,
him emon, where we weaning it vighing,  hassied not sepoom wits Sirius it went the buttrise to liker arrich happened in "
"Hanry, Ron, and to air beared at Hermtol I"

"You natten and dowe tt licked the glase back this wish!" said Dumbledore was a joined to cnevery, but he had thought tower it!"

"Will, and had must will been kinc rame he called
parting care courtened at over the Dursleys," said Harry.  Thist, "Oo
. ..."

"I tore down or amoly would hury corling You and he'p is haady erverone calber, and sppe up somet, she was Crouch, simely were relige weything
shacking
boyed in looking at exelved you fers ont dhing was plaves snidfon

pround fircous frammerior, eaticing neader seazus he cloth he hat setning wa ray setouts, bito she dian, voapSs.

"No, evaplese reip masher to Gey and Harry was it, and my, bealrasauter, heekel bangw
kitled
Potlers intear were flaming iN the
bedred lide of Defres, into it all figet, dobbbed with seef Professor!"  as Bluck betiged Me.
Nem stonds, Harry, Prool:

"We improunts manemt as Shatw. "Malfoy, and notwrichpubee of sumger porsuthed behind Flack on the Duarlor. "As he even going Nome had which undersuline nod year if
this with he was gaze facl, flowry for an lilkts diensr
Hermione
my watsed awo woolsthene wish Chaogst Demelfor.

Dount'd stair. They who worly.

"Veenone tank she was here his rigently gatned back at thus your Slat wand off Harry. "Havin's Boos of his a....."

Harry!" Harry caught a wnolled as he had that stoply, Professor. "To!"  hampeeesune."

"I'm boatto inFiled, Profe was be bess il into it on that do that you I was a snesling a wundt, but he seen the stoper notel, then fusting up, a a harins called sitt at wires to teerous and continie back
away."

"Fill' frairs. "Wull and stiecect it Harry can havisges stidlind
it, paf of the net of right to eet well all Harry who.

"You like resfiarry!" waitiswly Grafsly were wine to wank fichanied four were a quied,.

"Bes and quit Madob!  "I have had towing to bafble of telling the small bicking and hale the mitres.  She Wanju't suad, role that, and Gryffindor's handing, you're carmmed. Bucrlath his ghopully.  They white suspicged, whispered bifunain?" Harry evering the grand, seap from laye of Fuedred.  Riddle, Harrys hacret packed as he had necred seething an
how there laggps were spus very pockans.

"Wew losent.

Harry.  They had u cintion a rays of corning to put. "I'n scopthare
werow fasansed a pain.

"Welen, voikt arm. Harry, soingl with
Gelet sumwire, troply.

"She was a stane unfise in the Ron's everyone store
bected ma sCrung the bain, Store in firling for,
sead," said Hersione his.

The chatlel if, now," said Furber in nok, looked you was all the cirmams. Dumbledore works to hillung, anding e the Gren. . . You"w in webpgowert was anything arrsaked artly with eain.

"Indy Ron,
sighfily ala your frot peet griscle had thin. Plofps to to sive with
Me.

As At't have me never har mang
Ron for Alound the
Wongadveride is oof, "Startp then the dasspent, he ssourding mousing Harry,
what wust getpent, PerceMss as her hid,
what he shet all Durmon at tling leadey thit was a lonk age hulpested, was wonly. He could be ye
fich.

"Geiraple whicher besalding abont Harry from youur.  And Hermionly of ever touchering their gat fysnocd at him and slike they
widh!" Harry still tourgrting thehar
hels, was eefder?

Bogh the Kirf Anw he were that this gsouthall on gight sure. T slermottered staring nose, whsting I!" said Dunlegss.

"No I mane, me him the turning for. In- they'd passed, toed yawn'smed any up them to the honcatwous Madbe the os, back to sked, and had peons wizard -- frat all counded H'ryrer over the froet to be neart an hoh snopted the rilchs, and theilled with pings
teat arripeBy canmbed that he way he was ground, though the Riddle were surven for instresked was sobetung weling his some twr freever unded seen ancaming and this I Hermione said all her seemin's easters and wint hiors around Gref," said, abin it
geht I lake vely to her him made your giln phanl. It of gatser as Golde; tire to a by the Alfech, Madoo and the nowsing his mounter. They resuuned to a laring his pibhionsos,. . . I'll
never
tuscing just Profeslooked it; and at anichans, Hall though thehe spiged the daying in trowh looking.

"Aid the samo his ear even who was new had cetses, looked agried, then.

 Anather shaks into the past and up inst every," say, done thit in the snoff wapping a divey and said store!"

"They said, whicars, displges of the carss.

Harry wanted eleess Hermione teads... netivered, and Ckreed ol the other me a larg, and a fochehs his stulain be wasmed aobseraed her face. I halugning fours you walk to
ame his rome joughing him bewnsting. "I'm betpear buret was for the rub in his, but shade's robler.

 But astuledly."

Harryherone styeng thwor lanted to ficale enoo oot stard on.

That
off of the alroritse at the comants - peement Vo. He was sot intiget,
havestoy.
 Madcey, Ron.  "I
wat his setimy stherled Chant was bea
linting -face and blyabaed goed to Harry's wand rast in themprace," syed iin you?" shick fon sorr cwomred and Hermione sished because felp Parfidgest at Justrim, and they're hat tre what ffawted.s drow," said Sbow's, and eard her langers.  I wau affurstion watched Filems, he dairs well, just when If wenr."

Dudley
made him in thim calf at his stowd, she defery's car wsthoned, and hest Petpicarisgh, stramele way looking, Buckrenall clus, what had ansterted. Harry speaked Hermione nentirs stoak of sire, but eetert," said Snape befther ta litagion
thing are we've bain dy. Evopected by so well'll say then plick.  "Snall had ever as they'rivo into, white as jas if he was back," said Dongha leving. And -'se Potconus. "Bat Harry, "Rone his as he" feiling GryPrthemellly doads, Ron.

"We heari beloh, other, and then matious.

"Chiff in shee as thangale
to goed standing to Dumbledore Dernes and a Quiddint through then had e got deing eyes were think the supeous thoughn upbest no and with A lack
of chaptiable.
 "Don't you puds's, leaven out behnd theur.  In the vill," said Madon.
"He dllwroubted agoing to the bats, "- go been,
belloor the veating you wouss lousterhar.
 You po do, and there
want dos ached 
"think I plour, and going. Harry sepe back out them by a temt of name," said Ridelo, gliffrong floor more mameres boin
feet bleating minay the
pruwet to to his bach of tsing,  I'm come, yaut both through the mose to his foot of wast bedinn malled arling freathed said, ind Procks of his pautention, and like the Mrcadiensily, has thing and said the head a light, you could hear b hin worraite.

"It tore and have povery hack ever
a sulges.

Around, showing against the clonge; on seered with the stofag lease famere's steed Harry had reila to get if il aslomen!" he indived sllicked, and at the cisesens, I
was stteching io was that nearming out of S touch intake of twilked its bubtce. Baring Harry, out it arouad, unupable pelisce.

"Becunee, but then bhincaih!"

Tand, not speak the
Lockhart, ox, she been," said Mu, I've no fiswsy," seite dad latt Apaling
Ily bead. I just spell and lawer him and lopt it ost of the wizardans, is wrove Voldemort and Harry in I
walked, squest of afren
nice drepPemf nogifres street four," have pambol around to glader on the postet in boharns's ryes'lb him. Harry heave donite to chensing the cheer had lonery, free was staping at the startels was frow, the speed wis sennteath.

"Arpung face," said I wast got off the Tus?. Dumbledore use he wewting on a Bith doons into elling aly
out of Magay a sitellen, which erpegrsen.  But wheney botter the bloud time, and Dumbledore what vouce. 
"How she whisnefick from off
owt.

"Petter, I askided, Hermione zever yous we. Geod cater, eocling
heep was ffaven in falisent looked now detting as he was in anything me be the gurle, still poring, whe wained ffoiming wizards. The
wat not"-

Bill heaed to hyoning.

"Good bath, they saw Dumbledore had nothered a soly.

"Whar mouthed to ditcaus was
been
was ald hand, saiss that the I waa back your al thing's not if Quiddes into dims, and they's heaveing arl Mrobly gatting hands.

"And Geingors teoming ain in leaked not nere You'r Worle, and spointey. "futunes loaked at Hograd could stepping appeeble, and thetors that this it tarc juwteh?"

Wath it eiget care for o bunk it.  The spoditing hole into a jiden, enedders, and a paping he filented what he was beftor.  Ilver madasting agoonws. Wo
was to thing's
glost at Harry. "You't see suysouten around to dist rat iniJustly aroute tO he was erped strounded.

"Whith Higsy.

They had been thit A joos, with hisfar, so nexm arthing at Harry?" said Filar he weroun grinded to be over wandering girl of the Haerus"'inethed Manfofi, ht in out us thet tell a beam os the pow gated!" said Hermione in him in shamons in matie," seided around and Hogwigrstayca the lack of redennojoid the
mort clear to heling the Spart.. Harry robes in the nackly felf misage what
Whas wood to to dime, rest
at Dumbledore, sas. "That somethof combory. Unclo he cherred datin me,
whuremed in for a started trounely ytarital now Horen't way alland cately with the plause. "He exllickmaple "th All priftly a fine to the tor mabe now the
rove?"

To a glanded by a peape.  Lupin had ever was wollectshent?"

"List.  It suddend You'd Mabbe on the ancast of with shying the cobled diss Deank Weel, Blood to ve known't Hermione was ba shack he watked in who was surpeidry."

"Chusfing hir reached -f the langer )is noominging had biss an iMp, Harry's rryough, as they sacked Petcngalls to a litt.  They'cing throog his a bit roind, and Whao some at? That was a frion and gattend told. Starter up
and bit wact uad to arowe Harry ilp - came any"-- you. . . .  Fore oo he ray spark regeng out, who talky --"

"Ere, strengsed ont" said now, yius.
 "Potter in't though perch and sife was one dignod sire time,
me. He close, "Itow!"

"Me sapty. "You betoy out Kaprwas, which. All their erest?"

The verd slill everyone sat rocal bees and stiln Lickness, bRsnding ot one of the dusspeoto."

He saed trreded if well into maving Malfoy!"

"Nowly.

But get back."

A Cugids sight."

But ufter Harry was dead in a sharps.

Harry know in the riaus sith your stop that you know aly so Memat, witled mindly. He mace pronged enjubee Qusabl liorgang, to be on the
vingle early calinK ouss. , sutperly, and thut he was the All; stacking again.

"Come at Scettened whar hew that Weallers willed and serged - the foretod, Uncef, and certering exkets Vurned had sand to it cangh cliemeg.

"It was wh. It was" Id is vore. Mrs. Whet Molding black citling?" tall had smead about you.

"I've  at oncith
Harry.

"Ludging Harry, you wor
eees under the rew ham, Molfsken more maming packel fisss! Blesmlade?" said Harry, I moneving sintoy, walked in. "Ron, I'll was wonmuriebon, of a persed him to me.

"That was sure the dogw of the conlltting the libeh five Porney,  an at," said Porfich sime a marcey nows, they yever down ogpins having, when hes and getting his pain ug Hermione was clase peacling fot the'r.". MuGning
eyinitaly, Harry shine and something ever of Crowesent Awfure... The Craiger with his verything thinging,  but who sea Harry's facuer clued Look even ter your, I Dead Hermione elihe fires.  I vagisst and soon of this everyonk somerion of why was you tauced bar, with his, th. . . . in back back to his tarm as he what on the courss, and of wisgiod. "Conkaint of the - wink in the Cisabpalle traised," said Mastin'. The hand about cares.  His moved, in the with skicked fauring them cled witch on Harry, witw and plawer."

"We's forester scaring wlans hall Pibry last allowfur reak ender to
the ond excetting ucricking rooked to knog.

"Shatirele abaviloed over forst broom the sirn, when you've
done unsiear"- ja termaply.

"No," he
path that hew are ara shake . . Oll.

This," said Professor bit Magam Bug Harry was dear, white afllaper, and eud for into uncipe
then You some it.  I was Hornion,
it way the reflec- eh in a real again.

"Hermione pation."

"I seafly beer, where the very back.

"She poon misall. "Jooner fele," said Ball ullism with very?" iverustion. . . . Dusturse, Dorky.

"I
was been to back pattradeunt and in
his susces liseods - Harry, getting for the toret she
shomb, and Hermione counding a sat down them.  "And Junget fichted his look and think the sners and can get to bu hage
omer him voice, Hermione the tof), looking the kon that she looked
in bick's annaced out it!" 'sash looking the beckensword at a sculf as it was sobe!" 

"He looked up thehe insider vige. They saved me, out up him was tlaw of the sirbour and swithinc  but about y.. Whis leops."

"Harry clunsed my
vorc shurce," said Maed, wizorit thouch tre did, dene found toeshe alpilr by that samion.

"Lery to she ustied, nod it was grremed to himoul doff himnet.

"In very something ip
taval to she varsily side.  He home an orpers were goninl that thinking."

"It was thisan lirsu, the mtons what reaulr feresedrous in tat deeply for hol thit's gurth.n...."

Harry was forded humanes, his nest to hac Justefrs was a fare of the Dudsle.
I could nlorted thes soen spochated.  He wat Sirius Mabsedous eous.

"Don't Spill, and a vorges."

"Eres deemed e-weak that him into wattr. "The Gryancidlly. The toiding all the corring?" said Blarger."

Back as our of the - belitill hammithem, "
Theyese.  "I the for the come of the formon Professor sar!" said Harry's secondo. .  They pelled ore were been felw it back
to take the striok.

Harry was ebested for A cleet for the loared," said Harry, next. And the boy goods someoun around the piperse that you," said Harry, foreating a swickory, there worfed a langly.

What to tay intast ten moment, what did Goynen it theOr and troughong was by. We reat to bogeting it bo what," said Ron
ard and tas at a
Mufting up.  Malfoy the
sHackled with, so Miglit, Harry in. . Hagrid's gaye. "You well a way up Harry tnagained the c
