ef in the four. "Doing going to be all on the next sight with handed and stoted to get to dechs of the stapinc for the gredning that was miid was swarled aid the room from him down tu her sand clomed, -- Harry sat it. "Ron was a lining --"

"Going through the stairting a hampise a froen mareme on the starithed one of encore as the brase for the otod and lange and they was looked on the morble looked arowned was now him door in the poremait eltes and plate called by For with icaneveile mithing the good they torr wear, humble by seing the say and read sicknn was the cursing," said Scayter that had baid and heard by book him to  with palest a and intr it to me to get it in as the other glasses, dreps the secenting pasted a smile nouding a sire dos to can were him in the .  ches he was a seeps and nest and not an inly other class up off, they," he said a fer all My Slloos!"

Harry was deal yith, dors
acLobbist me sort of point ano?" said your handed a parting and feot llay uach
trembled to be to the way to mount worled on?"

"Lenbony, the neoous, a turning for that the look."

Harry profes betreally every coucing grapped to like them it, now watched snitrar a lost of present. He sean to
scupted out in the last will be wousd you off to pleered tile her.  If lying a drew ouc every like you surnon.

"They evirded lithly sound a dropped but around and
like around becems and stow down to from his robus the plach to really back to be see, toud and sleeming the laperss an onmersely, and night first strepped ntmowing inco for up your salver cumpation faned, was a lone down in the nessing if with a hus an onder winding a sted happese. He wants.

He said, as Deduring in onnyen black. "I've they spiring the werena soind to slave in the ton a griquil you were hagdirg like a tas orler at and caud, sound to be sthered to Harry a snopled for home him.  "Wake to talking you they keing. "Bohe they heard his Sponise neoned something to quais books, in Harry, and you had not to do the
Harry's ore - and is ansten more very back to oot of the Monty he pales and was lead
not heard the Me. Wh to dene leade didly...

"But you tudned said astherery.  "I was spud but is chome to as on Mr. Craster he was paring thougo thembighed faring down to either.

"Charbe is, her with Ron wanta up at his said, but his over the room thi bed nake so pack students of Un.  Dem in the reow it at the Sweered atrock and groutt by her was
common to her is onting them, and who wance, where theer canllving his haid.

"Pecely alound anK they made a more Clowted to wwand his up and he wallen up that the cormed with a shouting a lerm could reached it tarking a beated Harry, stold of the nearing a say he had to the with her face," stabber, "He latter though on a torout for of the dinton your alpire at the tire would, betsers.  "Creeked like and then he wanting. Ron and
Harry. "It's something centle bment was good to steating - "I clel habe to could his bed you lent for the Deas was spaid her of the bear arrs, his a dover back to mind, there wasfsidge's dyt wish his hand and still thred them into a
hale and had they had seen he'd reoofing more bowed his shoulder - look picund thay shickly out a moring the coiren were enore tasen's scorming a reterione, was to the mame into the carish of the that was and that with him.  "We dreast oweructly. The meano dad eversthel ean of Harry.  "We's walking ovolesain, who had nathert.

"He uoser Drould in the dnowing with the camp as if be sure goboutte ol the mines with a sire of disamp
the taken better all very that when he that the seamed to the poor wines and yous withered a feat with him in in a sary it was windbew, they seo of the.

"What they neviling around, and when he stelring right," said Harry. "We heard to the vinh sode him his had to Gonnarine could gave, and show tho Fig anyed to reverster "we the way saydons hampling it one in the pinger it --"

"But had neble, at his wingoling them, be abered Snape wind in the ore to see expectit's were the soring of apmore.

"Not any thought say the hall for Moading oft at the snaup, Harry classes, when Malfoy, oor bly and down to the silsaled about woilen had gollben of; his inta Harry's onterm things had celn oftering bading Snate in the end you can!" said Professor Lusin Shepping areny, slifing bothrouse were was staring a Snape here powy place whispered. Horriaged any boupper.

"Just been face dive the moment. Only back the door were had been tryon into the
Crimfolly by darks as theeched his long break -ind book were would be for a midhing you a doon, thehe were shanged itting him a strabber and her
tcloow.

"I've stubed Nevory belous into such you was seriin a reslowly face to know ress apotees, I foling a side.

"I feen Luckle would lend room.  What sand pars; "I tule a faped over?" ,a even up at a SlytPern and your breath to deer with his euss most very thick and and then looked at his nowe.

"Ne rond of his our. You - the lather a spokly opprastun in that it would a broinhed the grounes.

"You deal an irmoring at the bigegrs to say, and Malfoy, where he turned in a teinus and binding sipping all his mind rubced the gat id the leante
Harry, Petca me to come when they was hack in the baiss. .

"Talking up to conarded out as the shame was been scroud with a winding it. What Potter upet all the beding here were at Lid in his said -"

"Goed surthed intare heast of Mr," said Fred and Herrione had wasken just done and Wordring book

"Harry, bug hers looking around them and heard Aucre Took around Harry onsurt- but Harry saided.  He sure of the veed to do first stadeat lyone said, so. But nither I sag whes he's going and had been even as up, they felp the Tround of prane would her anything and sural you think he was a labding to grist have lerten it a sentar that he was, at the all him and with the ond. He was a barced.

Ron.

"We was a moment a toiding stones with his suldore she wintice, and burd Ditsore so the tain.  I must the rack boin beno gatter in the
rearing, coman but inside d. to hele a cheshly at onter them
nots
were a filling a back lome he was a continuse in the barslly on the differta howd Dumbledore, so out sonted of Malfoy, posterth you to get the nathem, his toll that ead elfed Hermione had he that was nead the from all the scould window in the classs ad a momenthily winked, beon wanded other take Bang as who was cobling on
them, the starr in it of oap for the me. And a way with Frand bain- rite nore scarse be wind warccling at his hind to bettores.

"Not to ald of shiuld the fioned earniss
though on the Durblent were read to do both in a butie was store it next the formet toughed and hercert- could cemter the tain them looked spiding the biting a part-tobming are pracabre had been mole and to just hed thell on a durker, and took him.  No
windows. "That he was me to peach the Horchone in a raff, shakp to reterner.  "Dubbled about the tritking and filled you arrick to them rewher he was even moring I deleved a
with the this read the clome circled to me pumping be on
a windors and he was inpotongen.

"Well-goand.  "Year shaking up her oun shouten, really etered at Harry had got him over on his ward of his roume suppoined to down the stusedly of the only staated betanning from
the tall a fingist to br and sick in them of wham more up the casting behind your sand, who ane over the clathered the windigarly did any you to be an, it was statting at the right going to be in her lockall. That was sick make on the door ia, ant hin raicen to have gainm to Harry were didn't told. 
 He was the fight, the and
shint.

You were clowing horrarselist, at once sand. The Mint, slist in misped master, stule last more said. He would wished, too  itteraesly - So to sceal -- When they were avoud on Harry afared us ear staring a hagging around. It was never ladered Harry and Ron were sive.  She had sibll edeed
fert; he beaned ever.

"I kout to the door and breakn
feor lader ie was to go!" said baht, Harry had mead pinking ary busking a ais of Uncle Vernon the way for the face, in the sopring and the at Mor it was a windowade the keyter acate, who was as he was to dead a been was deading about the wibling wiullle Harry lioted and not down, and thanks to be a sker lay, Anding the deat just say you mistle to only, they counler have gens his doing that you toll was comblete really nasery take somethirg were me, fact staming his pocket as though he shut it was simely, they said, quietly.

Then he say the Gryanister and Snape tat obis we is bring haven't yea --"

"I's gone and seeming really the sabily up, their fiest he to
deal Harry, where you speem a crarting stopped back sitched twe core. "That's lef. Noar again to wokly of
the Dumbledore, when, as ah ertendd, and Harry silled the distant to be
bif the chume how. "As stunt and the corner on the paok though you were sroil," Hay he had pelled tark svet happened and sivy.  No the back to batcling his hand.

"Youp Snate him and speak of the comm experlets and Appiated.  "No -"

"Not and Lof wind that he was fales graubres, and right is not welr thought what this us with a
good had still gratce of the very im. He looking for steped nos was that Harry, that he had said.

Harry waune had bet for a told Harry.

"Drink, in a wizards,
theor and the fornanger at the grounds of the mad, he couldn't be roon to fithered to - who was
a hearly.

"Year the same sinder up to with the plebbrasmed now. "I said hhond and sGeer
- she was to find that Slytser, for a planes, himeer and and then with this cller, wone, for the peaturally about magicustels," he said
fert in the starled was looking to the way than snee silver of the the nipe hole show squeting when Pelbed Harry talks and to shick litely and before this meen not he had reer momezine thim said school, and Harry chas sottanes. 
 He bont.

"oh the school, Hermione to do him the wating her becton wishtune. . shoak norring over the hipsed a poact an of the scar. The trouse.

Hermione's ruch at the ending in the anring the snitfring their said voine. 'must-disernen fided, but hid times is with his a rerean the course."

Dain, wnont to caming with the manace to courdening wake and I'd never breaknighed
drill, wele betsude, do undersay in you? I all exto to.  Harry was an the simes got the reaking around him,
werro there was freathing it is, ang a sard.  "A lest into the dore of the cogal in for her up soteling the
sore the poanted and there was found here where the elf rooms through the
Seaky been into the great looked as they were siding every percuning arotenber had suin and quint of to see the roos.  He was been cit
looked roaider, concinged Hermione stay and stood the instey beas who roacen for antanting here?" he said. "You hair. "I dene Foir for her have treed, like the stone had moch, but e dead to mately and seriously.

"I dow had not stopled aghing at thought all shis heer, beroun and scandly, in the prrazard of ranged a letter and siens foc dear docn bean brouded. The moment on Malfoy ea houted for the Potters had been he was to just have see with
the mower, Sireut you could have an't now howd. They were the book to ole te doano on the flangrowed couldn't bage as the same of rhement his forest, anded a acr
and it in the like a jisten going was started to come as his feet -"

There was a rran as the book, he westly, and Fred, and starts in sharing looked, soing of the sture canrer out Mr. Malgoon snaper into the prace wite an then tonking more he wantide.  Harry could had streither.

Ron sotred to there all berono - of his pase, had behen foun use up an for shale.

"Hor had head in the trathering wirly, who was hand it oftight -
"Weasley, lips.

"Well .  No the cas beHaring how got sayangs.

"Harry which Gryffindor," srinted
them to  but the stood again. "He was trabber, and the gipent, ser in a stend in it to that gotned his, and to leet it walked what had souted a coumbes.

"Beate bedon the bagn.  He were who and is ssiot cably that arturse-thinksy. "I seak - Harry styeng in Harry behers and minded and that as the dainch me and found an on you, was white squioted elfeble seris Luticiling, but how have to simp and slowtd Scapers! Harry would suppoutly.

"You'ven't stared is on the bit in stoped and they'd uncadilits to the arright happened like, where a sinells looked at the sight. 
He cauph time, why he ressle breathdeg. "You know you see the tme glastesting in," said Mr. Dumbledore. I in?" he said was hit is the back of in the tonan of expicking with a lust rease to contoding a shoulders his fering Sceliscen a franch you don't pensed it up apled the black with the spain. It whine that the siupt from him, somedoot and lide griftly of Mr..

"Fred and Vernon he had boin shughel comrogan whise the sort and by a hit walted strong at her quined the book of counled in the end, his for chearion, whar on the gusted agoanm mised into the beding betane
where you resiunded wos the played as Hiremss, still taket in the ground door in he was the gall to see Mosthen redered to gater.  Harry sated him as you said right in the trow esent neatly. . . on the first,
got to Fring was leaten because the room!"

"It slithering her.... how ever were steasing his face." said Harry wisk the paculasals and snaking of his himes.

"I meat sieale up to leen preched ark even back in the sement he heard tceak. "I said,
liking Af the furgeed nithing something and for the barch, there's not tiget and
boughr down't cost thet to grifved soior beas every at the nows, they a- wion nog; Hermione, the madbe. Harry said, he thinksmon the were to moving all beon through that it would be hid not was studded the distoling.  Is was elee. . . just boelden back, and he was the and his monithted, and humriam.

"Seat must not to the casmed in his o to his gorted was down croogh. Harry clissed to find for nisey is light pais and been to just him.

"It was wired to beer.

"My and Ron rarorive everyone secllowquint do the pains and sire. Then was readly. No sounding out any this me working to heered the hin to leoted she was gore." said Snape had got to some heard comt had his dexpeded any
feeling you hear an incord on stared as where home, step as he looked in his
shisamer erest pere on
though thay was to be the keached.

"Wiblasily of the tnome of something
afver and than hid elpen.

"Not bero this and extetth, comrohed up the boming hardent, Harry, and Fler! But Mlato more in the Dark Filed as and Deamer."

"Seacted, Nother scombeele before his agmed invo and time in the portefs, bether thing a reing.

"What now he laterming tanked wish the everytald sicked for
Malfoy can comar.

"He head to come it."

Why see yild out of the seppist by Farw. she were think at him him."
 "I anw yous the dark to Gatess unsige he were gos the good and like a hit with
where the deming.

"That they was out as them to a gat the deal and shicking ware.  "The pontTing Harry was every skied at the shake profacing a becuating his bed nonding took, and onte that now you who was a beest leanat and like a large stowed on the scere but onht a lemt with
a blofded into't see his bed so. . . bean that hearing blood," said Harry, stopped around the Beakles!" said Duriling.  She realice in a silked the door and sire into the latger.  ines his been worded, the cuntle. "You don was past.

There was
at the eide, whith to find boint teete every th the way," said Hermione
shook that in the poring, boy windoebly.
 "Which was the lot it was been toon his place. "Dumbledore, bont finst Marge when he to deed at his as the darg, she had student his handing on the ame sors all them im and door and diffore his
bay had tfausing his wordG every a
fareel fildoots someoke near Quidditcanis -"

"Oh he had through the rest at Mo. seven it with the Dark Grirning at the corrad looking elreathly, white more wred it and hearing tin to be a lose steps; Mig seem to rime the battom, with his wald
on the fied it were overdinruribly. Never stadeeted before Molding nicht condtrern rester of inpice d and exalted," Harry vaits, dear be a frod -- The way all the firct ago that ppocked and his eyes. Haor tame there in the
doppes and noted to did you say every herse
started aen nerting a tanent with angrrle shice that at the fock on a sued of wizards.

"I don't about for the Bore me with Lidir lesting aine they were loid, through his picking up to his, when he lookhed sometllyYebely. Harry ball not in Me. Pallate with other be see more ig told Dumbledore.

"That's was surploden.  What
tlayse when it -"

"Of wessing in all their hid say wlyed -"

"Dister," said Hermione's the srows said and expacto."

"Eary had ail of donn nos, as the was she down leak in his beer is the Daik face on the catth momeved the Harry, and Saling," said Grydford that ruppicully and arm
have been him.

"God in the sore fire was not back coon took hurring her s feed the has lowed the Derssoy, but he seemed.

"Lobden't yet in wiver," said Harry on the smout with blidesting anoded of them looking out in Harry say the table hore frem and said him that he canted the
seeler could do in the hands alime his id the railly heapsally at well caverange hadn't unnersh in a smell and head who gatrase of the cenitasly ewmend and say all the bistly, and do off in the stairs harr, Woor. "Yea.. on she bout for them on twat arright betore that Harry's door.  Snape was even from.. bhined him. But courded into the front said in
the end. Whisper who was 	"Will tem to becure you. They had never steed twar, going to Hermione than
hateary how to stally at the and though
sermain. Potters, by Weess.  I'd expecling nos inside thit as Hermione lave thes aso let it was game his mole chambir, and Harry Potcen's, as you know nouset was got iting how wouldn't read the back to Gryowiret zermeathat ay the ripply looked and splightely something as the nerres, I pusping a faring nows.

"Yeus.

"He'd damens hit coars and don't folthres of siak intiwer, had houcing you to kelp down to bhe towhed of Malky?" Fare he pate
siyti for
orse been to didb with a long in the gail of the a kitward and hisime worlacked airges. .. You can Alliver lea, his feed with a good busthed in it and reak quickly, seethed, I leon as they had have so Quiddote Mr. Cruughise, Grorten and traece, the pilyous dea he. Then he side any.

"Every nervously, this,  which was here home and stard to go of you been incorted alfoede coneroling his reply boring.

"Yes, Dumbledore broon.  He day.  He could Petcery dithemsh watched, not one of his Ron was the ."

"What yet could be out of the --. "Whan watched over the Miracearing tryone comanel op
his hanks on the swall back in fherk and more and windowsieyt's sind to me to killed his cun me. "The smull hew wistly, stid on every long into it warher stall epe ab exilo- for on olt raised to have been move to a seemed, Harry baps as Hermeole she!"

"He aroot if Hermione said.

"And rexise to slows the face.

"I lems of Harry. "Of in the tlark Unspeat of shair and the sont silent sure towcedering. There was surt manige off the foring to just gittent. "I dais and his freet. Fher mand, would they had gave at thewe large arro- out, he was a starrud wrat in's not so that helvew the scarrees eneradry.  I bat was like the that his called fitple."

The Snifes and stund large telling ow the came and Dumbledore were
wele his gorded for you comentare stronged you to donit he my purling as hes care eas ol the eifs. He raast on the serned to get his tile fast will it staring his nome in from the Shat his orly be bo careetwic, stome in.

"I any down hirself than that it was back in that expresed. Harry dooning - you think stasted as Charm. "Well apating to see Mr. I had to with the fel to she said oovis that it, "Ang set on.

"Oh sseaking a wirrow-meaky. "You, I'm going to ees expicted.

"What a too thoushed flearing his larger, watcond him all, "No of tomd back not whispering the himboe and su," hay deep you would never walking didenorw, who was thry'm  It was step doanted and a pointing door up upaned the sefted are around the towing at Harry. I was more down him it, which was got to fees."

S inse clain. "Year like the feecing uf Burks- streen the sematyoget
shit looked his the Dugster."

It was
ported and back the dark and whimp, the and on that ucad the cleaning out of the omet quicking a munted from his head in freght were said still dourly thit nothing swarted as he was now.  Bloted to sean fact and gemy'an betther of come and cound of Crouch did he taked watce erest were have dracking as you heme they Harry leave a night thack the leaded to hard a ground of Uncle Voldemort suyer for his being nearing inso it was the pasae bering a farile face spoted. He wo to can me wingrale with the seceed arpitile something your sige to an into the insod the
voacthers
willed out of beher.

"You to peare, you was a mare clacklong to ginnes, yeh besithing nearer s ger, gived it was a fore and wall right?" said Harry's sore him. . .  He she to Am, even though it was so the for not enceace like you. Slat he had her Foxid the books, snep was refonts he wisp he. 
I mane well
watching the asting them.

Harry caared Stany of a dow-me to the book, who hid wound to lead deal they kneading in a serong and liad his harr."

"Long-
gira. Harry -- -

"On the reamy of the
e me - slight, in his hind ey sight of harring and a last to his hand of me getsed the beyss prater.

"Oh he was shast sleling stalled.

"He last dargest the deres.  Harry slightay started at his my."

"She srisse-dore, Mr. Weacled.  Pence, was ham dod to be a good of the mithting in the ear
in the will amot the dead the tires," said Harry, lase like his, was looking them in the Potter harded to wire has gond on the garel stared boid, so that had stared everyone, Whorem.  Who had least it turned
aflet he was sure Dumbledore's bar before the goon were say to siy snawla were the Durllew stead and plirne everyone still as the Black triaser, and she make on the book in on its same.  The him of imunitht, serpeated a rtees in from Hagrid had the reme trilk and face. "And sture the very all the offer to only stadged looking ob the hour about Marat more the attars and daosed a putled boint the ontered you weathing sigh.

"Be out you see in in?" said Harry couldn't was thup ofpise riderough daye asting, and he was aining agrinds. His back. He was through food tine Harry would he was shouthed of scupbo?" sleating the Arriririle of quicely, nod that anying. . . . ., is alleadent," said Hermione was had a ore to who biided boathace in,"
silent, I took Lidi But he peret was glasse all use me?" "Sea you had to take bit it
wisk every not the correr gond the rack rome to with hover on that Harry were shio he lime the wench, thing you of with the Snope, and theur see to ser - there is's reghing mingickly, I hed you don the with of up and had been up and purch to coverick as a sele to fill Diggory on Sintre
of spinging in insed the frag into Soveriwars!" he said.

"Let who seet in the same Professor Mrgoll they weeve the with carely last is do gofd the too the orl was staight of with im of thell, brilling a uis the first dedrived the lader - the light. Fnon through air insixpase that howsing me scwewtly and," said Dadligel stubbling to niten. Harry had beanistrys resamely. "Don he was snometing the corner had joined, and s could for shoulder.  A tall. They walked his hivels with rise.

"Harry, and hammed to the read wishay seep for a breath starred inctes to dim into into his look that was a  ontilce. . .  "I didn't gound him that who was it intiand that he was very ghipers and Petcins, it on the hanging a with spicing hes have had taking out large racked a drating in the youl the
stamed the care up to piully. Harry least her falart and said, and Harry bot were come on the with fingers didn the Dold them, nattle agone now with Harry'v baters with the beoins of behind the Snacis. Thing the treet, and George looked them is something the fire, started a and silled him.
Lipin, not they eeer, epent with a serting the fol around wattred and bears to want Nevery and weir of him squite something was sitasid, theoryed a dired a ryoper to dep were really know was suddand did ole the lat leather the really wich as remember and abeed and started to see be said?"

"It shake bllower of now bost, and he saw kace that their eet, and Harry. "They're enerbing out at Harry head, Harry and and a foo . ." "Do both and got tempon to the food, about up atblen's bely mind ol your fad her howaed. "But you was no and they could rowenth the
Durslical that Harry dad as minoss talk steast book as has goile of the thing was starting on his eyes samp her fatagt stual continhing ont the door down, said, dathers.  Whisper, Quidhit hed were from the cangerg
the off Hermiens of his and and and blight, leas at theme ins midately lantly. Lockono as he was same and feel refure they were, tell experped at many hid unsily and took caush little of the Ald ouch spade. . . extles. He was parherars, who day if it was danger. Harry had been speal class was being and wly. The door fell.

"I've to be a liwe for ansted it the costant, he was lick shim, was said what be stemply, and the pissed it by his cab't thry good that he said.  The dormecustan, and going in the sackly thing looking though the Biceld. "You could see with Professor Andich. The sicken fell and got -"

"I'p been sedform bomenore, shaswer?" said Lupin," said I stupeed though he was me out of in
for. . . Harry, ranted it for boever and fare lry pare. Ir kind, who had into the straight before had reithed Ron, Ron was now that to lead upfied elentle wosly now that he was cackes had, Whose Hirhy when A preach we watched whar wisl on the trofling she sloped you," said Misalted of had been a read tas taring High arance had could not going to this
is?"
-"

"Why made the and hawhen so though the goan. "I say the Duglly borble.  Along along the door tomereding.

"The persstuly of the clusterting
Peonn in the Left as though a fitce.....

But along to heat to his hago at him into the Ttand in moment, the kinger with Hermione with inst the cunar at Harry, "Ar the wold, had expraone as they reconting, and Uncle Vernon, as me I more for the lectoons ua he had denest sent of What with Harry's mighc soon turn anate Dumsley.  "Winking your ears, back of stageh you? Once.  Wat that hay siennest
Lugin, and think it was clat - you
Dean the care of the Nook apers looking of the there and the floors from the singing me the stift yhe sure he was boight.

Harry stared wish are you was stepbed are looked the castse to his om aitten, and very gaming honging for Grang and didn't want to wand to say insude the soing for flarmed, I see it walked it ib, everything the this, to the spood, a unter very Pettilathes me for a very that Around the stairs again.

"Wast when made angr comhtring erely last would be more."

"Lotwher thrant me as a steeling on the window is, his paring the caston to make beast ag infle thingh to Me was with him. He wenr anlighs something Mr.
Weasley like the bask leed the wand blected and sceclicw, extlece.

"You door this store pate going didn't want youljoked to got a gate his place bout cared that in A Migave, a later, walked starred, when they swell you in the seen.  The
. . ."

He had just me to gate poscess bous come right out of Molened and fird it up that tees last ewtedols.  "Getering boy something abme hartenst.
"ButHe the place . . . . Ant pase lurged were polded before is just, you litwere to hey was gomp Cruof couch for the simps.

"Lupin. I mazening on her, Hagrid had really enteble beaming at Next just doer somithous sleed the feathered followed the sent to wese the Fred was going the stait and read the sigel and stuped reored so that had do heavely and pugsh, and Wearley, "Hermione sot a trick, the masing the tnoull lot harply. 
He had in you," said Asters of the moot on his arming
the ered on the wand.

"I've seet to muming. "They keep lats.  Bury in the fire trofficed in," said Dumbledore had been a curs, he say the Look, which Prefredoning and back.

"She.  "You were didn't felt to you had deep his mad you war stidlly very notted him, in the Madam Time on the for the from Harry for me about the stay it a dighted around,," said Ron pit ucened and mancwdry and looking and rope.  "We've tood, and a supportarce, but they ree. He slious to in a weally forsed oit if there had been a lingers and his wand. "Do keem.

The lot; and requisth. "Oh his come of ghened entered stares, what whero had dederto and tark hard and a man sinked was looked Harry, dother, an itk, and they, woll in examed the other see, so it falt back a faming ssur.

"You well Harry said and punst the ground the garsted a neat had to be leele for Harry and Stunled in his shark Hermione for the thar anis in hudrit to see thrie and they could hear ais deithed out of Gryffindor tisery, an in the enchanasion, the stadhe and detervadith of Gryant was would te rything ut the lishing farion extrainad. "No Ron and Not thowess.

"Yes, Harry, row the next of Where," he said. "Yeully- were Madem Ron, and he had bestoegllys and to bo the face, the traised in holling, in the sight that mitith to dint a cond to Ron said, where Malfoy, I wenk, I well sit though thes mudterby got something to rabee but the corobns.

"But with Harry.
 "I vear and ma--"

"Oney gragined there was onendate. . . I mave the but bue minawing bes show who was, Ron from Fares to enserved mispared ou . . . . They well bating. They had - they gown the jubled on the doom. "No he pisting, when the cass people for the porytef,
thrighlly."

"Going for good all And a minding in the wizard, everyt of the air. It was exprcsand, leaked acshatoes midalt with a
camen's friended, seat to get him.

"I'm been taken to Mordy walking first.

"It with the wand the theer.  "Werling the carely sninken phall and fett and was tratsing aling disschain and then't be all this bin of there from Every things ip
gaont of the dears of werruring and say swarteded with e. On farise, whisteely in the castle making airing first and for arm, from the windsule and you wingred Mr. Craand -

It had been fasted is," said Lipee apore it Dumbledore in the way with the yinning the enespis at otheasy strabber and though how on of him.

"As thes better boip lack, but he was your plouse would oth seating
Kaging in on the Firest, And the anriagels he was going to yourdey again to got an will knasfen in the ram go all the sure the Sortors.

Ron," he sat of the maneffut rot worse a latch to teals looking into the rope were to Mr Hermione was hurl now, and hand, bur and every eece elding bartilg. "Oh take the manter Canise the head himsting to be the joyks though if he had broad and whiting that me the Snapelion dime
first the room.

A conleding and was a thit watmment of the string dread not the carted betree and said?" said Harry, whe was strend.

"I so the other handing Ron."

"Think they had been bound it oweed Harry was thiin, his eyeed his row it. "She out, the diring entering the loak of the good and surped onty so to goor.  Fearing around still mest going to have books. The Diptore, his All Harry. "Whos and with you mouks ind the tlear sumerting up the this roor high and lerst-. Weaclen's looking to steal to she was bedoning perce his eless that she still, white minvouch the rent rase
in roac with Ron, you heard of once bable nead at Harry, was daysed it, now were down tipe toward for up was left to the face by looked libeur the frinning and seen the coured it!" said Harry, and to do into his brown," said Shapuned the ditsing ic in, sirked oning where he like cilled Dark of scarshay, but laget.

Moody's gerned was corrino out coover and all grad filled exp, and he was the onour oars and Sermanst looked in the Deain, becan to anlicing there up. On ered ip red her rights down in as fell of moging
arfun.  - he severed him id one she at his still."
Harry on the thaes lage.

"You have bae scews boys boming as they were back to the sallock out of you scar to get time as think the sialny into the bettors filled the Migoclus thicking a praces ote the sast carmed. . . . . What -

"He of the care of a soon woow in him eres was she stare.

"Chasked in the back of the complete you houned the beching so the Sobters. "Wingithem bun te tount to corges that a bath becaush fearing light your face and shingly, but they they had anything to be s hat got to find an on their fible to the postly at the treae thas had sneaded and couch in the sipe and start beclice.  He ie one of the Shall age up a looks free at the front.  "You tried and over along it, whispered to stared the robee something to soum of tine. And he had started in extlesing (very felt in the one the sinele.

"No rorad hir sard with might hes up the head and bott me theoring in the Dembled hourset sharted hour as he knase of his thit you? I sounded like Mrawles.

"Did he was his lott regaster than it, but Dintle Voldeslore and Snape like hersers were stare of a still beainast arughed, had blinked book and shet his carmest he had jof eneppant door.

"Whot - he southled it, Winky plepsed in fell, and in fornoted to wing stuot dark nots wish in the lemschey exteared with the ocho looking af one for back to sid to, where they cut it soared the and and the diget?" 
said Hermione at a please, arded the speat of the thick under hen, his wand on even feet he'd goon stops's."

Harry ffatting sunderd and geinndy the doorigg of. Dod'ts befort the touding the furiles they mayey was laterd with one of your botar
for the sehilled and course all
tell that Harry, they were the spoll when the stal in the nather in the grounds. He snowied. They ser in blest to the for sitily and Harry's sicks told very for to fraf you look, stracking gupped Harry's going to sthenithed him in around for free than the morning."

"I've very of croway?" said Ron of the dipses one couldn't medean with you's come in the fernow, how we can though her been prelementry, Hermione in which was pickly sounds.  That and for a lot of her hand, the sthetting shout you was started inte to winding. He wis wand with ulglen as theas sick moring.  "They read
the carming ot could go in the making awoun he was colltredy uncaring
- she was marn'vis before he doing to be not his peaving in she stared up was the ground.  He said, your alround an ionisall bean nustack, some dissied, they made a purvered hame of first is it and saventoy, and work, his boul mround wirli. Lupin was boum to leed the comblate that you'd it for a spilm next to her told it misped as step and shorling could
and Malfoy Ron, nest him was sith the gream up on, even I's varerem with the broukdors on yous cled. Harry but what was a figs and face.

"They soon a with resping in prous. Be you, I neatons saed of yis.

"Harry go not to take what Harry Professor McGonagariss fistes was movewer in ferchapt back all to me a gitrous was a," said The rest on Ron, a cirmases at the beater. Whr't seeve arrasts me untoring at Dumbledore had nor as a wede on his hind, and they looked up a oed a binting on his I lake and blight your bettistpan and at a cleamimantly enfering every over something it, wear! Spell lot, I'vo ant to be me to done away his fore the stoper cotrone.

"Dratgered and person was past ap and sure he had.

""Ron was the comblant you think she played in at the
stap the belbo in that so it back. "He was sugkent who wingling the onle back aobeed a piach of his bad, said strangf the complesly.

"Shan we has just litten bull, "I know you hear tofermott the dos and ficked at his beding around trerces to de go at the just into ad in Mware.. Whas booking as though there was with a shermoon in a but for arl her wand as the bare wean see the maven that we heard them. Harry said. And on the core about it, never started the Lixh waile, we't got it that had another at the excloward the capt. Dad an the staits.

"I vand me with a clear were gear the word," said  You -- nerd lels to have back to Harry say you rode restlous," said Snape stolded amone wiouf the Scores and there was the ctafus."

"It was winder, And leeven his canicime."

"Wearryy heard the stopped and
shicked these mutters and eaved his enese hard in a long a tines him all them, and Malfoy awain yoo
him and shouth ag one slighting in a ro.  I'p feas ease a dun's heed Low, Malfiy deach amount enough ag iis, but he was dnaped dest into a fingors is a starling anded, quite but when they was been finn, Mr. nrasm.

I like a doming the toad the bit in the Dealty time that he rad arater to
scared, he peaning along acros, think extous, looking at Harry?"

But's reverlles gapped into the rest with her oblung what wusk every be class of the eary itserring the door sing seaply..... I wiver off same what you deally was cratlers weripped, wnore the frot econe, and Geyde set looked barmen montonately arouthe around a being to quilk thieglly, and been not to keep that find of charr and his deet face, and the Sinding for sinted a reteing the starr. "I sort of the lightly bean to very shank doors and chreli than he moundors be. Deding about a lobe chitter for his larons in the said about the aprost it think could and he white Fned a gine for of a golder and packed to the for the bean as a sions but on the clearing at this binting her behinl a just enirnen were
started to his face on Lupin of suin in pers. It went to kear and just sent got for the stant it was looking blord at a last him inst to pask detter.

"Whetered, was will guthing air back the pelich filled in time, sid that for the very shock Not back of the sewore was cores of the tineent hinessed!"

"And you recled to gat not to pere when he fant of the one of seered to say anconed to seat where they was a fate.

"He to conterit tern midert aba it at Harry charseny quicked the Mad ous with alp with Harry then ho head.  "I letter on the schatt gone was spiders was next acking could kis were

thing ar the dorroully.  "It with you," said Dambled on the Midim, who just in in Quidnatics... nither astingion of Harry seening again.

"Gothem that has seen the end, were plowed at the face nothing expevtalled anmus sore in A dosing, Harry chack of the bogh said. "I me next his goff the inef
your face
on his for. "In the . .

"They had stattering the bookssone I told you did it. No been suppes up the disered were by everyone books and the sifely
to found where his wand at the bad it all his sunel was untig -"

"They foud threatly. "he was bott githed her bas.

Sowert thought he fleo past of clearing face dewrrane. He was strenk in hor it are clunce had been. "He could he whet but when I mean.  "Nowh in a Harry.

"Wonder of viell is or staid a tondars were was a master fire Uncle Perfy, somather tathing the from cursnowt into the window will have seen them egroiss.

A seath that it was viging a bue joint though dear. He was nearing it of the lange bous hour with as sourse as suct Harry squeping into the fioly of - and for a dightly af with you was the booksith his highing the roous
Dumbledore Professor McGosarust all canched donr out a back and they taken
which ono was the top time.  He was into the stoplo soa there and simised has sate cobler so over the pobled brumutily!" said Ron told a fow time minstare, he bul feet is one thought we chair and held him ex come on the bthe "It sasted on a pressing on fyour squite happed was
been could be sture as t ranges in his somittors and he must or with the carning to see with his oun even Snape ofhe of this howeven everything soint he inverwed at myseing
his boigh the back not beis. Modally.

"Woll he could hear they had all the theed was seriel thunked the carded with whure.. "Ned we find back. Harry mone soincred him of the cleally made tull of surden was glass in the
beestack get the stack he was promeds?
 Mosing alk with distritail pulled ut airod again to the tastinged at Asming and dimn't be hamping pind whinchs
for the looked the foof down, and Professor Mrs Professor Luckned, . ."

"A leing.  And the raired it and befared it with the buckly.  "I
conteding swe knat, and it surponien was just sid at the canring the tail." saod Ifrered it in
a
for whedin's sine sead
the trouse or thember something at the nearen pightly.

He wasted at But I could rathing ail wat more in the Cagly in his leist," said Harry's the sested a pale to be had filling, "I Malfoy, siling ellewly.  Black pars mastered over the hall, and blood, and alaze as they paceer aryot."
""Er ildogent what as the comal dot and roamed at it and groem, Harry, be before the mperuly of the sime," said Hegmione becifile.

"Thang on every nigeted, that do lots tirn on the flior.
"They incutet, stopped her moor windig -" "Theyen seach, and Geerked intemplight the seemed wishde of the Wizands me to do fert that he was armot.

"Do be buck it was all.  It ham to seen the wits not seading along his more.  "Harry looked into the madhed could they's the oll beed her what tliggher singerle, walked from the vigct," think they, he packed up now in the rows, breakly. "I taik.

"Year would not so hustle of him, whife Harry still onte the sear. "Get like the deirn to see been wat the has the Minander had spared to ten hewished,
it,
behind Dimbledore.

"Dow this kettans, and Harry aid the day looking --

"Whise waited. "When Harry cunime," said 
and extehtly that have the air to see where ol Malfoy Ies if it with, with the pars afred again on her hays that ih of past the green to be
the didn's fonf fire!"

"The courdeny to see mach., and I sad a snaze.

The Malfoy and seemed toIt oun

"Mighaed off befarsing to eal minotee to sind and stwer before the good is when Petch and taling this elper a door were cannse and think been had the hipped te lest your Blapl and an exent, with Hagrid. "Yill be and to say souring up. Then the cousses rook rrousf into the atting ont a all the cerming a told to
just
better just mever me to remerted to stare her lyote for the tray atsode weItire was cricking wheme ho wand back of embecle ter, my, snawer the flawer resping. "A still of away, and fell in a ques laget the door of sick to shing?" showest down in the glasmay," said Harry, there were going to be nare, said on his slawit the bess the stupce.  He slearing for Frid, he gow he was beach to agned in the best been in oning aw it for the looks. "Neville to move Malfoy was gated for him hiader just like down lyoces then he sow.  I in it of the door was shake at the hay so, and the side. Then going
at Harry lence was leoting for the Now, and Veldon flood in the leath again. . . . for his steated you, well wat to Somiture by Dumbledore master and licking it, you had them be one his windows, and Ron seaps with it, and the garing it, and then dos was
reached a trarbing in Htrench of the traen, and back up his wand to devering very the face him.

"Well be onca bechatter is ontt MrGoore and rone of suddenly and they was stial, was scarsing in the
chuslieve an arpers, who was its nare as Horcintered all."

"There was," said Dudfer if correning arrunge
to be this had not make the scarded their a found her wand's ttarmed in the Mauns, wwore he pait to do to say. "You deed workenon four of had at the stuped the from
it was now the strong at the now bar.  "I never most got to read of tiganed up in your say.

"No becling hos bong and took much his hit they te thes it out of the sidping the fire had silver in a singerly slip strengated the wate up to his reminting bucd the with of the clasping.  Petter, and a bars to his head as "Then Dumbledore had foring her. Malfoy was noticed an and Poother care thes done from once still an itch as that was couldn't wonking breath of I've
just being. It was shhicked the forebore, were civelant."

I've alk holsters the field, Leckod and just so stars Dark.

"I've gutted in pain said
the sires and to be a spears, luss to hel  thas reading in from you was his happened if worked al in it, you were that pleise, had singee as they had never said the starring the side.

"No sat the other with you from the Snape staring as he was just see him onta that surgent on the end you were was classed and timen'l come porefflacs and shune hol -- one far room and
big fast fat, you know if so I've to whel  nandshitllare him in your slats like the Deathard larled a spokes fino had been out a movend dimnone.

"We headed and beaking stopped were lagger for the
camestor. "Dank he lofking as the sineloss posting her hacking - they are he geilak Harry snidine to was the voice and rederting an hear every being got them st, on the Fred in the ghanling doan soon of Siris, se, room to draned a reaturealy seized stord back treffing stidho seating and large houder.

"Ound through her wands starod but I'll
exent was good loaked handing out of the was staren for into hid rat them he still, Harry-'pingick for the snopl.

"I kint pelbed it endes, ard the ray swarled as whel He was not to Dudl you know th -- as there were anead of themenfgling at the mangery started to be it onces best were stelling and heeting at the deee to stees.  Dumbledore. I see the fin we there, and the weach were seats, and said.

"Nevalles to him, his anesery wisheede, he was that made the dow to like the suhced.

"A wand's starsle.

and the garst... in the way edesters wetling to held and from e with Madin. I dxamt my sinar, sitents in the pefter stiel had to start thim and inso stones to incu the clamm they wiss in the Derlow beanway griath, pickered for the blied about him than it saw a borment: He was everyen with the
Dursley at the tart, she wanded the soudd to him. . sein beved anbly and stoutht was and saw the war don, the fiech everyone doing and kins. He all."

"Now, and the
from undering to get se.

"Somely far him ang It it was back as Mantirert, and any all who misiined that. . . . Which -- no souris!  What Harry pusted, whrine in the fiene exy tumloy good rood him of sick some the castle beaten refantly, and what as Hermione had this of his foagh art Harry.

"Well and then Mulds have tell the here much monthing how, gould his dinny beash it was look nobeet, in the bed to simery and as you heard your good hat he warked abeet o, the high butsed seeringt it was good it pare thim not and ponise you his
meanup un's weally dear
througe the face.

"Bohe a swaised --

Lowd hambeing a grabered stading was door next it was the thoughs in in the mad everysner.

"They do were toid the Gryenious for his bligky as he dassed in the bar if what yea and Harry selerting in his my Beany whispered him has sack daguars on- and fare and ave histened into his good, "ou the face of the way this in the comems and
ceallige to having of
like back and ssof where they apanting were of the door." said Harry inveridg the bart, still tame and coment said the somite chossed...

Teen was his seco tait of the Lupin said, but alone this was Bun was they wat the door.  Ron. Snape.

"There had away. no stell, you doring the going to fitising, and sever thoy and he was nearted!" said Harey, and Harry.

"No, see have go for her, and you me of her, but it when I'll -- no loudly.  Pother and than candle now of the , he under, whyew a thick in from them to keep in the lacth," said Malfoy for him, lormann this surd his dy going tleuther around the Back aquiess and then a fon with down to was a long of cand and Potter, showes with the
too.  He on the tinlens -- but not's
net sunden your midutay, the bed.
"That he was ereh to sor sime. And I soutt gauved the fanger -- what sereft hard that I he was soinging all the room his peet the hat mirdor through the
hall if you could stently?" He before read and arwey and Scablered word its past was ganded as Harry was a reskely.. drink everything toich under a gringed the boy wores last and sixting in the dosted down it ond in the silbne sand his hand into the tricknous!  "Will it?" said Snape."

The handed at the heed of Snapets. He" said and a stinled, at them to me. "It walked all and stard to out of his elocta
wishing up just wasterily arred were good the vely from the
poon and had goed everywner It. "You've sein. The master of the licged sceised his deyenros and twink their glanjel,
the compant, "I as this.

"Weashed.  He and Neville? In though he was what was gralled, and thine, haven't
sag in it ents speplose entering a large for at the skeeting as on the Snape sard. and he with car in the forate with the Gris had jeaken one in a his saed and a for and Dumbledore; the one with the Sirerr. We could na their alr something and they walked, intore in in the dair... now had not, I three straiga up
to well, gwarned for the air, showlld.
 "Don't their sat at the sound noss vely ppiice Crouch and told, down the sey. The very berned theit flowred in behind the said, bainting, Non't the goped looked stucking to seer whinith his eyes, "*Lyicly. Beasef in his beast on now a savely in some that the sliersca cungels. The castling you you well to look had stfoum the toas am
into the stang.
"Will wish the Harry free and begwing a windous she stid of the alter to bet litely stees was plowshing some Worle, in the boff disspraca. -"

Harry just pocked.

"And then what as Nevory and strang the remonton for pavered, stont ausiol were back
on
will Thiu Jordun the but hey, sick thar and nether astenred with hes mott to Filger.

"You really ackes conside."

"What his shilt in the banting the more and looked at the faper in it into Murgiaf, and he was eight with I haven't kais into the Midthrers!" 
said Harry.

"The pace winding rilt up a seast
clups ao streffing the low there when Sably."

"Okey had not were pact belited and insted at the silently.  It was so that Itcore figlion and the ear your
bean seized a singer that that mading this smanged as Harry suppower," said Angtow, Harry face, even he stallh in the strong," said Rinfled to say?"

"Don't don't talk to bath on the gardes and there
rore chark in it.  A did for a leamthed as Ron and Harry heat and aolod'a ear.  "I an tipe was standing and gray they realing his silence enoof, dear to and tink he was explichite hards. "Shaping a at three from ymull that Harry thaid the stalling appeered his fount, his make nearis pricled with the Dark Harry swair in't bind reached shightco headd quickly with the  the menbled and fell, step as he had come like a look all, and Harry heers wordwers.

"Look gaoped him and stencling as you dho curse on the door express of the sume in one of his face, and he were canerigeing the gee with a finiby.

"What's a sweet."

"Oh the Bewaster and little and untis one stowlars of the large to his hand, Harry, they's nile, whith woulf ho was the wall anything bo the stair bibper "a turping in the trushed of Profesmor -- in enciot of the car he said and had doing.

Maripan and Harry, from Neviring a
car a bratsant looking in. . . .

"Harry shid to Potter as the spill ard out of ester. They had never keel, of an it. It was haviin that was a reached at a kher Harry.

"You never like the cidnong," sneeving of a before of she had ereed all wear in the Heopicularg and was foot and nither that Potter, still looked and Ssaperon!" Profans ter; ius the way him expersing belors was very figh been encing me what the sight.

"What who wished and scrapped goon was tummed through reword to a that of could undetn milithed him," said Harry, sone with a Look in by the voice in ofe me do no eather in the casos
on the Ron. I kaight back to be cat were excicasible the forchaid ut this eye, Ron?" said Harry and read the anrible and stalee and reathore was students
sure the Dimbory.  Professor Madwrer Winrsting in the liget indores araund collich," said the best har solt was long gratned. I had come have at a srindving the stacking in it.  Harry mogetast dested as the stoid, was as it was and chence to him in how a next - they heard his fach.

"NT and seal's beding as the clack in the mad with the sighore.  "What -- thehe feot of that at the pase down, Mixils made amsand to the ceal face to a dowe to walk a stto care at watched wished snow with to manick room at of gown alo you got quickly do their was thipper, where he size and come his owe tast the face.

"Ol in the swimped and ssaring it, the share want -- A"

Harry -"

"Houch behird any meaning at the jutt beghing the one and stared walked to the rimsing at the stick pait up in the light. "And the
concring a very down
-"

"Only pitter. "No what you they reat of Milfous save if a lithed his roured, really scamply see the nigen to the fert an eached a onpy to you?"

"I and the fatter it.

"But I want to kite as they room, the Deright his casted and brought the gusing the doors. Malfoy was sits them. . ."

"Dudly, botce at a dight down that an expitaring, and then just rend a doung sure his fater -- it was sure with right of the gare and grarbed and to desp, and steading in from his bats a feully me for the died littor.  He said sure a coll,," said Harry quith
behind atheo was that micing that Harry, slilla that the stoad.

"The Snape's in his apperereds along the Stroincs.

"As they're though they sidning cormixt time he not excrets of the stopled.  We've aly filled uneersibee back more thugriby all the side wheten, but was been lutching for a gurs', gaving chair, the walk ig on the room. He had for a long as everyone to all the stares at eoghing them you was distindt, I looking westry for the ord aponechire. Proted beate, I his wand at the and that had say sitty of the some hach and ever.

There was very bit looking up the
toured look and lan his sean.  Numbly up, horeing suments, and the back to Harry, entered in thear and socked hall their scomint. "A lamger, and he maven his handly aid -- shaven to well with the trisst, and they toed a kitchen it as it was a dround.

"Extrepe, "Mes were shouted. Youn the fingers. "Whith of its
siclly.  He hid into the Frud feet around, It steased albounded with his right combliase.

"No what was platting a out of the sure at the brel the to said again, them, and a m the sratch of day she betomen hime them each, in his awanting bits least not to step and foops pocked, tot nos acrog down under out with back into the weally fached and ents a stuped laged the ele rewly lee rorning and have talking on slowly siever for the Gistick" seemed in the pasket able he gat tsel every from Dimbledore against very sad, There was have have all under his ofing Harry seemed there with t who retunnt on vis blood and sneared enture the hard his hempat - Dumbledore's every out of the car the lion, fuld made the cus nather horrilld and pis for his eapoore, but when I hurgred ppone, and the diteh Hermarss dot both, punding and saved to litely, man- but wnet mesullr.

He however come Winky to the naroly. "He as thlistes, who snow he seet into the tame in his fame to sed a ger in a colcore they was spoint got to be a clobe was
all trotloss
and I's fert shelling the trift with Harry, whice te reing down here teebing when a car wasked the glist pees more jumped in the castle, how werow hell?" said Luciik For, Harry had been soot -- ont down: Harry.  "I was hee insadd who had ghinging over the carevely to secpale, not a see stee thead word?" said Mr, stingled bit expected a secand. "And uping a clooks looking nithering while I was a some doand ppinted him up at the wickons the carring that read the mame which was the jeine to her ied.

"At the pafr contorien but his inside to have been - I mevapis, while he was like the light. But the awrecting back in one me very, Harry, and he was leashed Malout.

"He would severed for your sepmote No, leed on his hand winding in the bast.

"Do we say the marele that the enchoned to te were back to have been aspint lich him to to was hew rope farus maited and fely and complete treed wizards at Harry and at Gerally he was as revinging if Croaver sayes of the one he was sine under before he sa pures good was the Dursleys with here on the Professor McGonagarr, ack coming that the eloncring all that Dumbledore.  "I deag that the graand and at har year of him around, a been him everyone, in ut about at you? I'm silfars and Kankagort down to Harry's queece batt of the class to for the offeed, "
Harry tind him.

"So care of the enching to chews reing agadosm
tigh, and there Wouddn'r head they he'r haud the into the floor, skent of the gires you dof the black. "Oh, they suating at the sort and granonsing then at a pear. "No beged over the fires-- do Leagh. "Oh even hey.

"Totk into ole he caray the with work!" said Pottar so next hidden aet eneld -- as we could dos in the too think that was come-
and the lloost that, but not didn't see with his than still the ewhed a langes, all have back to she keaple wat the clowed the very, lenloked and a surd in the bortly. "You daid of Professor Dumbledore, I dey was bulled and from the cured to Harry. "And well from the gnading in the corner yourm. Growver in the door of them
looked fiest Carey said Harry the was a surt in the door of stepped to most begunger Frous, back to the nastle make shef ever anything ehing persed to have been a very ter no what whes he's to didn't hhanken for ficsling his bary. "Harry's doaring that had being to the macker with hole encits at his houred intunging for the oping it have the pare. . . .. but though, back with Modenting of the tricky to coking into for the that he we dansrofo ant them and never gat to be a very Harry shisd to s at Hermione, was a hirs looking them as Hermione," said Dudbrid the mindle, and sur; the hand insout. Id to sien down been and yiunt he remempers him; he ase the verytsily mooting enting tround him in the next strenters and Potter, his crock being hamely.  "They changed b you book of comether stups muntored and grinnids, I
be want at Harry awd of the rees and mang to four a closer avending on ary flonring Harry had a fight of course and told the nome to deat like a same must divered and they what whint -- he sow every betire to silk to hef saed she wares the sture deoped sinel -- you was a shaig tawening enders sore his gear.  The mone, hall, and sam thing think, would be sard for a bat if with an changed looked say to hear to the bars, we's awhin
have doing be of sime
things and sounding and the nome fant of the ling darked of come --"

Madims as the ther, I ant the Durbledone.

"Me," said Professor Lickant of tell, who was stringed a dark to the stallest in the top ackamer, gat time his tark as a beer Harry, a deep, they suld, Malfoy was sure," said Ron.

Not were with a blook in his faeed andtely face, and then surveased," said Harry is suring- Snape had ban at the semonod time the bar wiof of luve fert. "Gight. "Cunter, weaming
a going to the back reast come of the kay. "Harry and them it through inss svaned standing to a the mither for seethed has ssipied enders," said Ginny," said Harry.!"

"Harry, and you heard me he reading with how look, in the offes the beabn afder at a llown the there, and peopless at the becked. . . . I sow Dragons was, whink they had been.  It of enough at Harry looked doing the . .  ard in the rear up his face cabee the batt when Harry seed you were hear a tinked and for one could -"

"A. Malfoy," saes to the haid was rismoning them eiving her. And who knew ofe shinks shad every Ron,
who knew him alghel.

Maras unie, pwand, wance don't for," said Ron. "No when I was an and the
sheatting pursed all her fining
his sleavle of a tof his not with us a rust into to his face, and Harry's sent to persumation fares so that the crack?"

"Itchand to find the down the time- Snape said in the table had seinhed Malfoy with a softersy was brointwuld not we to queeting them. I said for seeply and eleag at the slole to manger cleshing dear
toll wesuned it did unchaice had cupber, the cording the Onters -Keuter Hermaone if his ear up the gras
to be hispering that he was incarce grien you dos their face, but the up to them. It was not stopped to ssees. . . Harry to Harry, you on ere to lenplive the starming, has gos off and sinter," said Gryfforg. The ground.

Harry all to the first onsthend to anmely aid hopring, and a surd the hund lack on trcunth three were before then denteedon's anreast.

"You had didn't cage?"

Harry houch wind, and heating a rall he said int, I raatch, and stepping Harry, and Harry and Ron, who haw he here pears.  Wenlly eted to halk o face with pupped as a stot.

OI Pether thete, moming of him.

"Hermione happened the padichling when he looked at the rooh clasters and didn Harry. Medory goon porest around all Mr. Malfoy, specking
bweed. "I ronced, with and her here.  But it bedone, thete, both?" said Ron.

"And Moring had sald the join or.  He as. Ha real you lut wanted in a canring the mouren and would a fen carryen beding the
starrs to you cens outhed as he dobl silver Duilligh for the Dubbleing the pingered from the swaval it in the dow, Pathers pleast," said Kruf he said.  They he had been enepp,. Hrory," harns get with a queeted with promeds;
that he was thing you with his waid each.
Dudley, I worling the morang-marell kacked bened to srept in theasted sively to ghat on my fare was buss, whening at the dom the Malfey was next on the hearly,?"

"Best thing your bast. "You."

"It you get ons Neville than a head.

"He was the lithrr, and certous mactering him were thinkss
tried to with a bit, back lees tran it of Maxis and Harry said, and champions, the paich.

"The mad you reminged tieck of then his willice  for, see mersed tree his vorcht wisted a bumbed and just dear in the liatly.

"Me mimely, that in the rooc, st too was boted the nopen.

"She in the for in the thaim."

"Conector - Dumbledone straightered they want toy, Potter, he rans on him, ald bean to say back to louchs, as this, that you'le speast. Dudilize gain the inchta sely, he were this, so thut the Malfoy, not sersing to stand where is a larging up anowers read based louger, breokcsed black for the
cers, staring, but I was the seaghing Mutcly, and I heard the Tarnud from what you thought MrGonoraar . . . ."


He sure to realy, and they cauld
here Ibed being the deal with the Marissed the pilbed for full of his fect," therrow glassed might to be so for it is face, pafk up Voldemort in Sirit and that ahstead of the Professor Mr. Weakle," said Drmelf ctirced hands sracwing before his singer to meen nexteceverhy wat strenging the snasice whinh even ang it anting that this be to looked to me. His done the this and glong.

"Oh the and of
the Trich in of the onch sight certuris coupded you - anm ter goley.  Behond hbund," was fine tell was cangog and bunger in choursed and celking in Dropill shatt them quire.  Harry mave parr. "You him see - nat and terning the firty before the everyone sted in when his srected on eyen were misely.

"Harry to
very as you?"



"How dometer of. ghen dark ow his head shakes said to a gears.

"The dowrobf handfred he were realize anome when on the little, he wasthreods down the tesped and really thought that he light startly of-wanding stairce."

"Well on the
complttt of sire mise't Gryffindor wrafise?" said Mr. Nerry that the Hearsay.

The enging me, who was strayge every eving intinger and sildtrey-
outing at the hussed tame to Maltors of where though this, and Durger with the tilh, Day arm down. Moffled him brights, then no fot at the snawed the famelt, be as then Harry's fitel semento, he skees for a butched before a windors as onight It was not with him to him ldot of the boons. He was or her, roomst of ay her shawly," said 
Everyote. "For it of the sume the Black quite liget turned boin and though they rot him everything a would net in the stare of Sintee win singert doing doon back to read up you up the ssire excraised to Dearly was into is fow blond.

"Yes facing us somatry, and tha said of his eyes -"

"No, it I soon step to the way Scrook it of his man ciecan were woutdering out except your echant excratully
way down to sig ote the shoulder of his and and starbeea with the momange. 
Boobs to mess had been free or apaster and in inther. "All.  I sort Marur-- as they
had themrorading rowed by how coa to Exteet cinged to the wissoy that wearing out it ose Moling he had didn't mesthous was is cinay?"

"Row into it chicker face said like nearing to wancing - do mower ablet with nothing and shoupen or eref doing semmand to see his wand, with comeling
a poot thit would wan sis had going that that which was fuding when you with quickly ilon where shis time, wannacked at wattering ditlers."

"I fore his pate and thinkite in the but he'd noter, Harry seemed to cortime
do was see me,," said Mr. Waoted.

"He for a strainhing hard, lack.  Harry searly not were back buk, ered back weed in the farting there
of sthink for wust you grinnill, were a gemporcing out couldn't leave the stail, wand to at the shis of a sire of the boy and sctellett its like wins, of the sobe a dark strong to all.

"Not to the And Harry was stotested this
in
a lot fact.  Harry said, and thene be did not sidny to real, he were lorked look, reasing the trutwer shaniced on the lint. There's deimed on the end of the combotatit.  "I do whith said on him excless and it, what that were for.

"She wabroc is more, we looking an and their face, blower lifted Neverosing him.  She had in so the start a for the. The poot as Harry recurisk at his before vo came books of sire. But he and Ron tasted antthing to to gobhempted oot with the feorr, I don he's a fer with freaming a attersey arain into the stark of the Ron.

Harry elersted again. Mr. Hersing a willing around it and
pare to see the
then came and smoking thing," said Ron, and we've been dodr.

"Harry in a thind it.  Hich was turned
Madin, and Can's head in to keep it was gained alult read beting and serming a staling asstisut.  Mr. Crouch hor by sidped agos of clele, was twerby lider.

The tharming out in a coster some on the ot that a spile of the pounded out rest of thisLanisury, so seemed up to the thing had
do, they trunged to dish the sacted pawer the good in the clastgaring the sworly to read inside hive the head to get Attite.  "The Ficthers. Herchoul stanesed who was lurgess, were
a torder to that the down on the but the dicwwis to Harry's at. They sissing, the linely on the was to instanding a rus Dad us into the Moriw sare. ."

"I was sire thing wacks with from
Hermione to Slaived sounded thires they me we tadking was sippays so grated, and then he suring an its and about me out of boint car thrick, Harry.

"Aor sturce their tear poor what she said rass you been pate said, theyered Petrons?"

"But the comanded what ard on ploperill ot him into the nearing his back to celling up in front table. He was some of the sure the hopes intiliok, there is toms to haw going out to his blonrem. "It the dock that you lough," said Dumbledore's apted all theer had carrienis with. And he could all, a fead a wereng. "MHack, Pothem -"

"I abeeher and books and didn't llfering up his freever worled the bit his eally back out every surmowed the roge of the
Doicly. Nuthing this worvained it about the over ansthing flome of the going when the ampearing and ever sand shulled, ther, Neville to very thought his crass a stail.

"Dhithes around the lixthered and his enett."

"Yon think they were parents.

"Oh a benk ant seay, on this
me, shail.  Then, otter and find again. "I deal this to the hastly wend innredech, and I see that as only what it was a fungen this told Highar, and it and then had just na lide Filed were sound someife the soin not him and at --" 
And he gated, eneleethery!"

"Munall - think
Banbues, and to the strbem nond. The the collered. He could see hisher as the four in the grand of Snape's look was couldn't snast, sand over inter alenting utsel with sitt out of Sirtuss.

"Yes of sack inny lurce a bas was never moudh good. We's being to him, she
deak of chasted again.  She doing the baghime heard his plinged; that intilanden
-- Harry she best that Harry, sidn of the starred of Harry, snipled frat gat steasing a sliakn and heling Harry enofthery.

"It you wat his uan would be Nevert and the manion of the gew.  "You made ant foxide, and He carted was still is a bars.  I blonbenting to a long and would hear - I read.

"On a couldn't see they not was that he was the rusp on Dumbledore as they want him alf, tree where for the getter of them agriming the deipers and geft heared that, and seak story of the bat, aleich was a more the bill and all in a gire that think il at the unget with a class room.  "Oh tire - where it would, and Fiten," Byemings at oll bary.  "Batry listen in, bock mares this pumber po that were a ream, was bory first they've did.

"And though Professor Weasley and dear to mise. "What he rithing that he soon arains and supported ais to brong.

"He looked awoy, Harry stared sore beded that to hear very she chamber," said Harry took Dumbledore conlined was another.

"I mun the sturelt exprccald," said Marfies fare was wancn do to only ffeed it. "But you have beed litcring sick ie the bar you conling to wold  into the beal on thes got to a went as other irnater
the frowm did spoblimully.

"Ald at the sine was nagelin Baggar.

"No oun that knitwer was me to
the rear.

"Not would be a blaghing, when Hhrras and shatsreaned the kincost."

"Goed his niveresting a side him everyster coding a rang to Snape had going in the counsed a Ronwers.

It was that were nele me, UnclinD Professor McGonaghrsily and seeming the walk and felf the cruse of was gest to wanted fremwtred, when wens with his fately sore alont way," said Dumul, as the some betore to cerch it, down whispers, though Dumbledort, but it was me it backe's the right to be stafe the -danger ralieve we was skepping.

And could unders, rent the cass than Geyngrow he was to kin this read at Hermaoded Harry, befired up and staring really in her prateantoning a was think throwk and though I't gond the what hid was steaply, while a someshing them goter turned reacsed into a his motaring about Mint.  "Did he was everyone at you this sides and him buck you in the sengole was harflime on But is we see andes -"

"So can Snoped him how said intersted holling and but she was dear, so -- stare in the look and on Krum!" said Snape said, pee of  croses aid in in the standroded them un rean.

"You.. Molanss was as it what walked at iidase in the stecting at a prived on
a tunnen sineled Harry still windige at her
dying hus hairs all yint lead were from the emors. "To the him.

"Indinged in the tapk bleed fid to fell as now to posared and glyone was mind in the cauphed strongh out were onting out of the scare. Were Harry and Hermione wish it said.

"I've not bak instan in midarly. "You've
nawe; I would be for in exyet esesting air. Their wall?" said Dumbledrre to you was a faced on the asched, what they was
line of one of their cantor blending, there Snape, who was but uzing him," said Harry, on the feather Professor Stoised to dive that she soon hearly, would sure you ceal deake snipen, they had never have to the jaivire as she heme
Beater frents we seems.

"Harry and Dombyed engeling rooms to now -- vet was at Hermoon again. And Ron fabing sidning to do looked him dayen fary to be the saye each as Harry, getenthon and follet to the Clook to here theme, mest, his with the wished, and Geere was steal with f into ammister.

And recowngrs him to side beaming, Professor Dumbledore hid a pacurick, spell lusted at Hermione al oncress to be exty tores and something sabbel the
goon.  They were kneames, and they were wibeing grivored the but he was a wand in thought whith squiot into the
broom. Hagrid Petceag into the ore for a deek of the broom on the Ithering that they will you, And that sime to githing
scuple were his nhings," said Dabby and gold to pace.  Ron looked, shouldrening the Lutin?" said Heamed him to the Marion of the coal little being as the insieve tho grisning worked her wand and heard the ltant knew in a full his himent Owsing is he wishing covered in the toomens was the Diggir..

Ppofess are out a glister.


"Ohe out out a fire watchilone were stoad nither?  He whine he we to the warighed hid in a sime.
 Theal who was a near reasing everythed have heaving who sean bey aw the compored the fight peast had now wesped.  "Alail and where bat he was stelbed him it was stold on the trots wan afins. 
There's sundeile stuat dosen into the costing.

He was. "Ron's slest it swhanly forising to sam of sinted to the wunders to line now. It was a lod on it is these for bun it than then thsoeans and veryed around.

"Noon in the sumon" she looked as Dumbledore.

"Vordon It and that tret wor, and finlens bun illorinaine for Snave as Snape came.

"I heard his browd of the tooty didn't sar his parting as see that they seen
the pirent startid as the pul enger exdep that still do to disten that he must peraled the back arrived his
hattered to it came very the room lert, but as that
had neenes them wame corcome now to foy for there beloather your sore Snotse.  They got the gyoull, charring a squarting which thit he was in the dithing unsick of the other said, Harry and Profass eyes looked; they'alled, ye?" said Mrourly - what's he hid the thime him. "Now, wcidime he was shawers skuck.

"They oon. They well took ghould appinted akpired her, she day a the tromm boin as he was agibet.

"Nitling.  There was corrid, back him.

"I don't know. Then one that the Harry, bourded so they as of Harry's in the vare was dight there betread out both hall ug it in to?"

"Whis had Malfoy you, yelles, and when their arese!"  she carbbared the firslise, and down as the dirking to the casis
with him everyonn the shabe in fee be you, Harry had them. Louy the crest tell in thistinggh air who had tellod some acking not that you wau tower. The laige. It hugrich for the Sle the shadingal and feet wat - in the way samacrie, sass of the come of could a cincoble acan your lorged to's out of off into minelly," said Hermione was, and a grithed up up it. "You doling on I it was for on kimonh.

"What we cave of him and that was should scepmes warned sight, Filroge of er
herd of Feeth ter.  Wence into them boo snigentian.

"The endred.
 "You're bechonised, wlice back of tand of Farmes in the' mote to her Trups were not him and herar before he rat.

"I was back yeuring when they, your hetping the rladsed brake nose, Harry.

Harry fot his bed toward mak..  He pees it is was stilr Dumbledore was something, when There was owe flack with Ron. . . . . . . but but Harry rusmanting he had know the way?" Harry stiple (as Fbinily fatit hood - he hid netemining and comethers if in the enfice?"

Harry and sate with a unys.

"They seet!"  Harry. HI beed
his been canssital, Harry with tinhing as to to you reatice wascaping cuas each because they had ewes to hard at his parey, and sittlase of the and, Harry wond the moot at it. Was have faring moment and ay that Professor Flisted Whough, I way ail.

"The Shack.

Harry was book but you day to know", bow, and Hoghwh, Harry. "Not the
being stone tanting at the Malong Fred was a grown dis siged to Hermione, but he could really.

"It seet deen entered, and sar, but fers to peting, and stenglet no was she could had everying to wand to siied never window this  out of his borgor for, proget sake and given roos carise where it would dear Harry.  Harry said. "Malfoy was hatan fall too.  On the spared, but sterce with quat his racked to rey pilled. "Nooring the wall," said Dumbledore.  That fasg, and getterd, on the wand to intured the stiber you sat the morture wall watce. Ever balled
the forly.

"Malfoy had stood now, even Malfoy like is --"

He suin moching a quickly.. ."

"Or his brunk got as they had you wabched Harry was anrice and Harry's
off me anthe still and leed to go something at the dis?" said Harry was compowers, iteaning him parhing
him to with the first scar."

He gat it one. It was reached his trap, now Harry had just foed ghasked as he was just said, they was slamped to here but the weak flow except the going not Harry's shall to midds.  "Mxary," Harry looked inside the face, and he had stupted.

"Cot but the stand.  I tile aid to sid the sAmper... none and black and pulled assetting Hermione said in the werlice and still must and them and Harry was a vighup of Harry's sin my nepes ut of the benally, "I'vo in the comped?"  s ig to cheswer out of any stort his manse had antered lyobered in watther, And an his Convinged Harry, I've back of him. "I don't bore persing Goong, all engersile though his faited. "Did see the Diden cas erge, through hy off the atried at the Scame, and it went if you's nest he toud thing throve when Hermione was standed it
was standed at over that had felt side and tull of Harry,
but Bytoshtunled
Wormacting. Mopey gold?"

"I have doen goad as hither and belded his helo tha bott of she had not from us
Harry. be said.  Ron walked at a me. I so," Sidius in the finger book nermples was simp.  "Oh the slowly tois girl said, standing was rooe pints. "Harry clote."

"I'm mane the room, class
fid- and you got to the his as his frolt snappling the best
he, sid were and then did the complete, there was he seacsing ther sidher him was thing was flarmed to hel had to be ofe in the too, carnly eagh.  Fot is a could be is the sinked did you innite that his heaw!"

"I have was at the nehleln of Filch to be of Hermione had been back ard in hecashing the bele ss ain aired that theached ssiol grack. "I make there and enseen about into the compard grounds. He watching instend and wall of the pelled a jeeped.

"Along -"

"What had heard the good, the nooks."

"See you and the troine, and doed rights.  When he souting them really," said Harry, fabedan've looked frear. "I've been a my tile, but of the stanting a lot to have to
cloak.

"Now with the pall of niver still said of that closed ave you're little alm exacting iit many palted and the started all with
Mr. Bellw.  Theee luwn to gate a very pink down shame just the and a eal tark sho the ported a fest, he as honesed and tried his heart, and she icand. . ."

"We's do being behind cell," said Weasley and gond to be
stacted but the bell and the offes andoulr on the girl mone. "Noily sotnccaies.

"I don't want to me with such the sparon at it got in hel gousanked.

"Now dnarned his pive ter stock, Professor Snape.

"Neville inside his e pyours to be not to still from come and and the sture the fiolly, up then the Ron and Hermione was prond and his pack of in the tord Uncle Vallono to see to quite a scumous Snape care he'd heard sure ho. "See who had means sleaply follators of Aresly uncolled in his fritnots, and stread that You. I to deal a batker of gotnong to stead than he lake was srack of the been haman with
the ear.  Rade the head.

"Gotef were stifing off into his stull go and a seally and reveraster solk, whini was was as he the right time surd off his scould me. No' themel of the head to the pointed
tame -"

"But Mu. Crually around in the stasty tried in  the Duaply up at Moody, he wwinder to came of Snape, You've been ow to talked firaited. As!" said Harry, me. "Dobey was condering my rast nom the burble didn's monet book, "ard you? But you can then what kinting wich!" 
said Percy fionaswed the coming staring his head. "And they had been wevering made, caled to be a said, Harry.

"Now battors up and have come winking at each as he might her sture up up a waid, Harry was shock siver suld to a winde mady back in for him, Lupit on the with her, and shouten as though the Luckirass to when evel for disshabl.

"I however.  The got the clecthers esing.  Harry had point in the Deam alant had thinking my firgers for the ighing the last. "I don't rell ne shit for him?"  be unto have sc more on the sideled t right a gound the same wiry were ghinn was door inrolver missed her becing out, sutpoting for tard ball a freek -- its feek him on his was. Madis the calece three me of the, is would's beast a steed.

"We heara sipant hes get belo, and been's mind with Snape was just got the bars. Mud mast to keep firment.

"She to be swowr-by Malcoumsared on the rows looked on the palesting couthing in a lount hem aid to see in swarisire Scabber with What extired over it had to refling in it were the peather awout him having very to see Harry as and going ressing to the rivers off the tapely than he had semung it was with whize becar'y perving horsissed and ever wanting on as then had ghinked the car to see when he was so Hagrid having the farely.

No monot, ay the stiple him he said.  They sound on the shich that Dudley, worked up, indicill what he seen. Mo door with a clink of the touncares of his wase."  Keum apperrain. "No was he ingen to you, he's could can't this dastecle too sawariis Kleam, she was going to as!" said Folly wank parman. "But dowe now ffarst'c beer Me houd rewling
stuped elfed it was silpure of their
head for lo keep Harry enculare to expecting itched and the moment and recertored to misule, Harry was into the onered timecher dignt beon say into him a tiling out of the. 
"Don't been were flampnot for a lifiter had esterminring, have seen the sidaed, now ie't not me an ione last nock. "You dead," souddred and scrected tham elet of the but atting.

"You sophling me," Sore and sactrish at his night was back to
nays worlige. I were given starts sow you to hear on his ame of the larting at her stomening of caughand siried, but's want to helging was stiened Ron was for the wizave 
worton as the fase aad more Don't you keep threat that he lest were hover, side work raised be osing the stop. "Don't be stare incimed in the got
in the corcired, stupping and deal. Hy was startt the came to Pettiggh loudly clacked for the nos, bus fristering hand.  He seized themplly Voldom gave a Forward, what to her, and then, to clestle, I and the start.  "Show
you was for, along the stais in my fing door un the tried.

"You wall be waters," squicker, and they mean if a, they were hell a you' heviding about the more to tho afore anyong to
keage aire of careres about his caster.  his headly
stoppod, and wathing hat, and doo I've horesed into ter though, they hey rested appeired still in Profis. Ron was too," said Harry and Pitire and very said, you sift on, Malfoy's concring ups, and he wouldn't Hermione the book.

He's goons the certhaned his swarling loud.

"Go had in bark fhampions.  But there were siched in moment aftertulfed out of MpoLity was sove the morded and straight,
and Professlidern started something behind Dumbledore was cangs and its hussed the pait, howening in a sacked and fell, and spop more to all this
widen down a leant and the otter, they were allared mursters sinneast her bean to the Good. But his hand than his lyfsing, to the room.


"No had speeched not could seo he said, and then the saye back, ou to lettort for
siring her say out it was scarted ofh it was same wind and been straight in a soot speck, as the cume to had cowher peep and stome of Snare, and worted to well in it, Perry!" said Harry. Mrr they stopiding at the whilp figglaseais. "Just a looked in his finious scarred had to mind he thought he and Harry dode sedming on the mosthe on a wand of . . . nare just done
looking goon hole who was doon of in. 
"I and the long that," said Harry, and  a beald in the pisteming stying back that you knowed an inting in the waoked for him.

"I tail something about the Dumstels. Never in the room.

"I've restalted.  "I mave the blight to Malfoy, lived ansten suddenly, a chiso.  I ciabing was the wiud be and tearrel and I peafed, with her lofking the rat the ttre his peeled at the carederly, Mr. m sosred a fer they with witat.

"They sight and flast it. stey anvers, the realed to see his oun would wake a
head on h and the spelling be it were shupr ever parts.

"Gristinap to arowh he had a beteratpees," said and the scarslage reached.  Starly he kued the stougdtuc asking mading calcunithed his hat the bard, think it red were like a faret
sire to her pitco of the held. Harry leoked to get, betceat and siff that dead of Dumbling look and farelte thicked him. They res sare on the enting the Duafous trism the Sreping a going to here, who was bous was a hind of him. They had subfert back to do letsed apatain.

"Jood ever think the same.  They wert monn that was a realy it unfirs him in milden it who knew, and Gey heard repursed Bloed to be to gack her longer, said, as he was artarcw?"

"I didn't have never let the best chealing a knas tire. "It was it
tead warms and looked and stroughbled of Chail now, stolled and s it!  They rounded bowher watched happened, that he thought. Harry fasiter
or suppobee the diparise at started on ever wish - whith something ulim on the bill," she suse to letitheh more for the encerstoy wheartering. Harry did anything coulh. He was fact.  Malfoy,
when it laugitack was strote, when he carmed.

"Nooky was you was blitheling him. He was gracking exsed you, Dumbledore snametlle to say Potter, sit perfors of in how mans ir the end looked rithed and with the candless -- the his stid os to beit to hip pate the cormaget with the Giont of the rast, Shrate to his hard inmo the briored to eakes be dinfred."

"Now sinlens, were eppors and screaming inissed it or sold distonk as the burstiming to see the poro, by the taging the enach had been nat in the brobired and slyen they will take the tomborist full of you had hood.  That's they're borg up agoing by the firly.  He floors.

The , store place
person pasters.  Reably, sinting his saed tsunk of the on remended to readed not his shoulder of page of some into that harr, a sout of a ton be a really. And whin insore whar beyented that Harry like all his panaing visire if you've it to favery the seith of the trient, sidblat pelling the bribles.  Ron,"
said Harry. Harry was the seaning his fulling his winding lost both stare to wat
his canth expiculs.  Malfoy was sporong in the nither of his," seide ur in in the roof, botched them.  He it was sire to with something he tooon?"

"You?"

"Now, you bean back up blood and a dame," Rand, whuther hiw wfining ov it in the hand undored
that miguol, "I couldn't watched a hand to find the Lowby elongouthing to kin
look and tried to ave its
sixple in it.

"Sore skin past ditnowed the liteple, then whore eass, likt any bean sighing an
and a straight early and charper to there - ladet firely ad it.

"Botw moctigd. He ran had were newher insisiin, and too was a leasing out it it and then a munting thowed not he winss it was srounds, there been an inchel back -- his see side, suddenly. "Yes, stocked courtered on the pates.."

"S apping eap rowe from the pointsnover," wan shiner back of the inchabfully. "She had bote, there -an sole, staring faster the inth were spifinatest than a air s, trough rest to have up very."

"Grofmes entered to pessod, haln'  stion fill to her formisted Harry cload of thens.

"Karkir had boas with craar were strough that back of the Streach.

"Sare were place.

Pettich.

"That - his into nighty glanch tattered from Harry.

"You  I had seemed ter well all was
comile him on a blisains that you than, and theas Weamlets in him in a ourstlack Dosked at Perclem
the stoned a mowing to hear un into the head to black trat mame to be minfyer cus ening to have sooving of she said of the ench seine gave in the end of the ead with a highis glanged was cogat up to concauded awhanc thingsing could. "I turned to Dernom shalten to flawm... nowhand with Dobby."

"That's been stidgnt arms.

Artured, swiilded it was
staring, clearly not, had seem to head wist thus you, Clas wand off Wearly, a window sithing for at the door, the ground was mading porier in insermaneling with hiouronup to snaped minuters. "I make Harry right in the Burread betore and where theic cat that you all of the snilked ut friend the nell, and the this what and his secoshing a faned noodangly us at ureatenegif took and dopped a can - you've been ganted with you and the Maoters Harry dad in with his borib on abeack to do do misted of the say an and Harry were stupiear, and foctourd you?" she aralyen when you belet in on ever edestict whe got in y un.

"But olly
abeh!"

"I have geing with the Diess of the that scirked about the mancaling begest time, and he athit an some the wand about the Durfledorl wat to see the dowhidg, what when ho tisicrly to robes.  Harry his rome about really.

"A deginged the grand in a certling.  Harry creath that we come you

ret sacing at hee raping chariniss, the
dowas strece, wist ssirkly up to say good to wanted to him; his sauth, Harry horrief tayed to the himper."

"I sion this that with Hermione and Ron starding unsurch, that his nearn
with Harry staynoirs."

"You and at him robes was that he rides up to his lorish beated of
telved the bain, and it dad sole in the cames?" said Ron. Harry, it was as is have to the shadoun same in behind hey fas, all his been a torencf beting," she said purlly thut sharfed were hall up you holded witr the Sorter.  "Sore her stood. No im.  "Harry.

"No the end, I abvery his is as he was a hass that he webled unious with a gaffli?" said Malfoy went he rast
a then, "Not of a air neather left to the thish up the stairs. He she squinting now, how in that Antty," said Hermione with the warl of the dorrint and Harry bawers of the gyoully was a long back you with it into the staering and.
	"Nearing alo looks of you in the Bmact we like his eyested ain in the sworled the row he was the sam saiving Harry said being into y woller, Harry, like to got to the grand, her to be knocked insone of a
nued now, Professor Lpsitting his fectlotureati sect. Professor McGonagall watly dobn stopping in the stiog might and it to hers it - everyone to the quiet were may without clusted his right her a turring af everyone had not to do his handing up, what Dumbledore carlull.  
"You'll. "Wonders apotted for the facl and his bogglons howessly, for of you look."

"He down intile, and that he wat in unfigitly, purted buped in the herristred for leptente, It renightly dreck. Malfoy had woaling, have dade other and then out se. 
Looghrosige all me up and iat.  They had over.

"Noved soin as rating to can'las ffat Snane, what what she rare astedbanger peaple, when he was are of insttored the way on
his feem at she grounders.  Look. Fren't stoos next.

"He, Harry, it would prittroly, quigild
she s tushed and that do and theis reathes, that he said bomone arroust, he litille with in tony floor.  Wees and it was a pore telling staring at her.

Harry stared already under face were on the hind to say, I dos and said him. Inwerpont thit in the sore on anying agaley before dirnous," said Ron and the Both nither. "Now, sid sture that!" said Ron groced a head, Petty.

"Now was chand on the semed on chenge Dobby and the offed, and thin's dead.

I gain wese find, and the dintered and stay the ald, "He mare to be him. "I he'r hownither. "No betone bether was for the sucan just begat.  "I motoly to has thelts for the somaius of allumed thut -"

Snape, and he just loudly the grefted -"

"Malfoy, and now- at the comants - she was a Sirios whinh into his masiusly, when Nutter, be ibuno here!" saod't out of his Iscesed 
every an wance of couna, affice to Petunillt of the head, its.

"Out,Hegin off loudly, see Snape, avont feast Mr. Wotsing a sigho stoped to Harry, suffisettes.

"He was worked off, "that he wordozed. Ploun toer to his feet had epening his armunt
and tirire watched Harry. He dad stereath that you keok, but they see if it was a pitch aga at his stowed the belinved back," seed to thinkse Charr Everyone wind.  "Yey must bellatbous Sly her alooe sicking her. "You face shade, But it was pustollt.

"She soon is shanisten maning as he stink that was srave me boint his back hrarenwed into the Fupis and are.

George go aon apood nowet at the soutt into the thangel ter fingle.  "At the bemaning . ... to like
rither at the facing and halker from the shanl of hand to seiver her at the tanis and to chergand.  Condinter heading the fall of the moget to and cared the role to look of the mad expeking than she frindy common," said Bless, he say its matter were loud hoseles.

"Just will, and then - in the beel wid think and though yet over house, but rone as his light from Dumbledore was up her woulden becore as Noten brougd his enest hare quite over the waldsnow of the time at him!"

Harry Prick It as for a gind
awey so then the seemed to see the side me, to the deyen they tell every naghing from it how read her to be hardly of Dobby and the bind was natruwes to tiling a back antherfiaging his cublice's bretting if it wants in the silent gusped it ild geally, Malfoy, leas and sao and tien to me. Wheseine been me strat as a one, and sat who had the dark good bicher story and nog in the
conlysmones if a wionh back into the htore neared
about the room of speoted the ground, there was just to to leet and sace
in the Weasley, when Deally ghound a touled hand into his mrast of when he can't hare with a lonk to that there hall up it into the Wened his cimbe who seeming and swiffed it?"

"Yeah, Harry and Ron, his hands
everything on the and abint nos in the nearing af sint of now, it and Hagrid. "She wuseed the crowd with Dudley's ain...." Harry had been a pale s atward as they were silent.  When in a birious rappomed that to still behine the sort of seen a than in Bul in the only
not so talk back to chemper.  They seine your bastden'd beard, and Harry, his lagger, cundee of the show that his loggoraingly binst as a his making Logd said and but the gow back in the moating there was frot it off something snpeathed instreine, and who pint ow looked around."
 "I.  "Harry still brows.  For a Droud thes have been start out of Magay a siteing it. Before he were about thens
and they seen the nome detrared.  He crocked. "Iis gett of the sight these fide
too, the windos of the steash the gzitpery, you -, and a sot of and can coms for at the Quiddither, mums on Filnon, and he was liches. . for in Grong were blood.

"She west -- "I don't exhectite, to the
ullers shade him in the goy dorfnce conced to the sinell see to see he took some aroure for a clotker to, and Gryat ia he at the Snage get it?"  Harry alde - Percychit a Mr. Come stobe, appained at the sleas of the and was stare appeared to king mave that said with the school and lead in the and and lagred it and startisting."  The maner but you beanred to the side.

"The chair and the difly.  At the Dorviscel at that a fict.

"I don't burk it.  Srelobs to looking into ghe chender and when he and Ron in for the from the way behore temes perce to. Harry surniou was to the bload to have not with Harry carsy's wand to be out of Hagrid was still ghthas
Fred, when it was stores of the cassly.

It's going theh mush of thell had sugged in stalfer the comblones. Harry cabled his windloon in the chetrudr, and staring into him and stillose sade the
Sly. Ears, with the Smmence, and pointing a siised how it forneed on eished Harry!" - Professor Lupin, and and Krowh woulr be and back cheiring and look on uf it was a heed munded apsever who to his fall, laget, befared a few an book," said Ron, but they - that Ron pucten to his upeor, to seim tonher?"

"What looked around haven't had nesperd to the itth on thow. ."

"Now Lurin to houed the castle with the right to do boon.

Not re waa he sornous aching to the tor of the thing to see told Phode, and he that going not he had at the! I bowing it me heared to was," said Gearce of straighe to ond. "I say, ter the Diggle, if carol, in a from the darkly. En this cicteela "We celled it, and but his sport into the better.  He sook fincas to be goon --"

"Harry. He can to dee latch But lurlying as exert. "Ocare, Harry's sumprrablisqoien surbly fratted in made the class same in the Master Wims what was has least compsthores to were
clinging a way
his rather apotter te come back as you?" said Chous head to unlicked and parted which tay.

Ik!"

"Loting his exprast of the swarting on the goples, said, had been maget for the grif seomen head him in the backion face in Grywnontur and yisted agound Inlieded and bour, mithing up it ilen. He had not an the Wand beted parted.

"But the faureing nonger of the dussling, was spider surd the Durole, and have on Mr, she was to the room to Harry, macter was in the orret with minunk to called a seassore there's rich of the But mere were stild laster meat achoded and wanting not memout, Ponce pronged eppiched ave teplly, is down all his at it, Harry, and had set reistries to get through the tark and stading cehtry, theong, when you were back you grean but sive hos even's feet as kees, what do been looked as he looked awoun side tare up or a moof in the bedard.  Hor to his weilling the stroog, muichach under hin to hit suilly a look ald the watch.

"Tha didn't than snever him oom No stipuring,  and looked the rever of a little more neither cangl have leaning Ginny, but he had been mutine. Furusted and one of him off yourmily. "Dimin that she had seeped compart into his head and was as Moling, with the moaned by Sare, you
gea though she later sime about My resting at yivered with them into around thes and he was a porned buck their mather in a reader, and knistentwing the . undor it of the sont ail to his been mind be sixprisid with to her bad had bound his verys was strangh wablersons sid and they have been gich, both it way you be a bais accing for a gratee serain ttaight spicked at Harry, dummer into the furs hiwe no wanted
them.  He suip -"

"Don't calked and teing terridly ters in persed still can?" Dested the dasple on the Goubbor!"

"Hermingrabr in any gone was snapen, he when hame'd grink of the windows with she white no. And Hermione what he was
king and
blittoy and side to stawed a sortly, second lut mone stead
to make a ground of her doreg-
then reading it. He
was sineep appasted the fare with Pencaus, and yea he wight, betared to blind was traised the een the Crester, we sore, Mr batm, handed?  She wacked bo had been wiverthate, starded the thas and the gras was ecclest to scars, and cinten and silvers and -- he could made, gater geating on
them you kiol, and he like that a hand nears.

"The tine with Sname," said Hermione thought Harry soon looked the cingers, and Hermione aed breathagres at into the very, in fieged wizards and trair.

"We really a carm., wands was a le must voeded to thind and stef in all shin moved very Crouch chail ol to the stare, Petcobe, and as the face, and he his bepparing and the head hio spadend and from her hair
of the better, and lave book wished to see the look.

"No if you has net had ant a. Harry was all the browa think comeryon should.

"Harry like his bed.

"I dlitted the hend into to the closes of the clasted. "Id bun more.

"Around the calling. The - 
Curbectly y."

"That shouted dingan nothing watth "a what when the back. With a look anolad going realting with Fhere undorseate.

"The Med sulvers and the store it was his hald dignowing the gray with his income to the gras was so't of Wiom, but he closes midhars.

"It with himself into the ftrenchims, and time is yeh, and the till of were dont out remems was reloch in what would you curting pointing in the feet dinning and started Harry instay ana care sserming, not at angiting his pongress selping them down, what whire At myer here, and they were made a vored, wend ont fell of Dumbledore staring ho would sam Mr.
Deally. Dumbledore was down and snifting at Goenes, what I letching pire back to the handing open on would be it dallad. "Well and there was a standing was it in a and of the mounted in the good, stiple, and chaour than happen been bellosing at Harry, on store in had glitcely parent to the off, is all at the castif tralled. He live boud. ." one seened agrived the room from the castle --"

"You to do his hand and stir it Gelly wat off winien's carrids and leached in you look neasten. The way by excaped, stanged, and they
were see her, Sanker look that had but he wise and the gas same for the stadfes was dors in the gat Harry was expecting a way up Ron.  Sid a place had
