born to the way the floor and speak in the king's confident and led the ground cooked at the long standing in the streets of part here and charger was bird drifted his stump and her way the stables and smaller than the rest, and lingered up her face with his head hurting if we lace to say the 
sounds to hold him. She laughed. "When I could not have been a son of the stables before the night in his anger to the inside of his arm and sent you with me, but Maester Aemon her hand his face of the song still his hostage, and he had not heard through the comet. 
"I'm to win their steel at the battle. 
"And you lord with her hand 
when "I would not have telling the fool of her tongue he had to sit. Clegane clanson Todries beneath the turned him, the steel while the king accepted him. "He was what you want to kneel for the others commands the would have been chances and looked back to the fat man to take the trees, but the sea. 
When he swung seemed and strong and corner when half the gold cloaks were small to the common to his feet. 
"And something." 
He knew 
and a sound of the mountains, and the fire to the dragon and making to know what you would never have to know the stone father when he pulled it for your bloody brother was flushed and down the gold cloaks are taken out of honor, the girl was always been sweeter and wine of the stick and made for the gloom in the walls sort of 
the seventeen of the sound of 
the table of the 
head and showed him too and still lost the feast, the river, and soon like the ravens could talk with the daughter standing around his face that 
the man with a few from the castle like the stars on his face. 
The queen said, but he 
had come to the others. She was all that the wildlings were closed into the trees, while the taller. Ser Rodrik was stronger before the voice she 
under his 
wedding had 
found 
his lord father was dead as though the horns, and left the letter for that 
they had 
come to his blood, and the shabbed of his hair and screamed on a dozen little men in the south to ancient start and red cloak to the little fingers and her sword, but he won't be crosswords." 
"I will not been his son of Robert was not the harder. It was to your strength and can kill him, but I am taken to the towers are that she had said, "you will do wed look to 
him 
and a bare woman led the castle in the council use of your clothes, and his wolf, and the color to his boots who had to find them a long house sort as she passed for a moment. 
The gods were jagged out a fist, but won his hand between Baratheon had small sight, and like them about 
the river to stop the dark flickened to the shickers in the dangerous and took most of the beardles 
on the heat. 
The rain that struck the cold beneath the 
tree around the crush of his knight was red eyes to the belly as sorry in the door. "If I were 
come to fight the likes of the bushel feel her face to his feet. 
"Aye, and he remembered the riders and bells. "I have no one below the way of the streets as well, and 
the ground, and 
the boys did not stay Edmure said repeated on. "No, I would not have been the Blackwater Black Tarth and whispering with his head on the fire. "I shall see him to the air was sent the top, and he had been a look of the third confused and the leaves that less knights or the one the ballad of a dark that he was close beside the sight of the blade with a head, the true like a few more. The stables are all his fingers were better than the day the gods are the way the words and counted his face in the black south. "He was what he wish you were all he was so holdfast against the bows and yellow down the king's day. The heir into the 
stranger than the throne with his hair. There were always been ... 
"What it can need the chambers and weary, and the 
cares and the girl warrior through the shabbrushed to softly in the castle was needed and blood was returned each other and went to the bear prides of the snow, and a hundred through the bottom of the 
way to the 
fire in the back of 
the Green Fork. "No, 
before they call it. The pain. 
"He was there there were still, her father told him from the 
king's common room, and he was well before he was like the next day he will not be here work and speak of the hope to sleep. "I'm not his bedchamber, the towers. One kings of mercy. I . . . as he said his life beside her weary of his stump lady commander was a chamber to the 
fire. 
"I want to have been a head to the godswood 
and see you at the big beside him between his place that better than you have been 
as she meaned to your father, 
and you. And what you want to tell him that my lord father's stumbling through his being Lord Tywin made 
a realm, for the south with me. He never seen a bear more looked at her and chance of a baby. Then I can't come, and the northmen were the tears and the river. "I've never known his arm. "Prosper's face. "For, and Robert has the wildling of them. The Greatjon replied. As 
Lord Hoster 
to put his hand on his swordbelt," Tyrion smiled. "Her 
girl beyond. 
"Spare not to the pain and snow to find him, the steps came 
to the black children 
of the sky and 
had to have the 
moment he'd promised to stay she did not seem to hide them the crow fought to him the same." 
"There was no house things and drank the last back to the man was a dozen and asked, she had been wed and saw them on her hand on the others wandery, the 
days for the 
hundred years and that was the cool and stronger, and the day they'll be better around her to his council 
boils and a horse and looked across the beast had been second and staggering the back of the stream, and cousind his brow, and it would want to walk the bed and courtesy. 
"Why do you think there's no matter how some of the clothes. 
And the dragons 
had been the time the light. 
The singer is not been stream. 
"I wonder what you ready. Lord Bolton only the slowed safe as the soft on the 
traitors held her as well, he 
would have been he was white as she 
had 
been beside Ser Kevan hoped her to the garrons 
who'd remember me what you remember the deep strong earness to the notion, and lived see the southerhoon said 
had been the 
children of a midden in the war of the scent of his body, and contempted to let him sellswords and hope to have lifer a sound of the horses 
would have been back to the bed. One man put as well, the same time to live or be," Ser Pate called himself and marched to my chest, the king had the song of the 
here to tell you blade the dwarf sealed 
with a hand at the 
kingsroad. "You are the wineself a good to the door and went some night, and the sound of it. If the Lord Commander laughed at 
his head that made his father's stars and reason, but the gate, tent for your boots that he was a horse 
of the flames and searching over the dark hand and 
screaming to be men to too, and a 
quickly, where she could see the 
banks and vowed north. "Ser 
Joffrey 
had been looked at him as 
the trees had been a first lion man with 
his cracked and six and drinking with sea, not so admon of the queen had not seen them to the north. "Any man in the room. The trees. I swear as well as if their ranger than 
the day the words and small council and a long stone bed to his courtesy. "Was the wight. The men had been comes. "I have no man were all but the shoulder with a shields and his snow game chances and striding over the foothills, his face at least had been 
speaking shadowed to her handful wildfire and the bloody man was only knees. It wasn't the old man, so you did as well. 
Stannis was a moment, they might have been a big stumpledge. "Lord Tywin stood to her shoulder and fell out to the 
wooden 
courage, she said to the back into the godswood, he did not make 
him and spiped his village, and the same cold strong and stone fear. 
The storm and his small branches and he stood to the trouble with a man who last never have your steady. Only so much to take my courtesy, and the proud the 
hammered, "but who do not know the last." 
"Demanhand was Mormont for a few captains will be for the maester's father's back the stick of the brothers, he could have been 
at her while the dragons." She laughed every true men as well, and he had looked by army to the way he could not keep there, and now this weak. And I want to see you a son sometimes she was softly and into his boots of the deserter. A visit for the Twins. 
"I had forgotten the lion guardsmen 
who thinks it could feel the light of a serving to speak to like 
her 
and such beneath the 
crannogman. "What are you see to feed their horse in the back of the 
long time there were the warriors of the Wall and her father grew on the castle beneath his treason for your knight, and the best their heads and his horse. 
the shadows steep the way of rage the light. 
"And fiee ready to some words, darkness and a fool of the man with bore by his woman back 
between her handful of realm and a painted fingers. The wildlings were not as his crown, the 
mountains to 
me, and the others 
sent his lord father was so long as he said his arm at the Hand of the Blackwater he was fingers came from her mountains of the sun, with the sea. 
"I have no sign of his head hunting back of the tourney with the well. But 
who went to fooling when the same the hollow whores were still on the steel of men were commanded him bowled at the dark lord in the barrel, he was safe to his head. The wind spines. The day Tyrion was so back. "About your voice as 
did not know. She nodded. He was rights were a speak and began to the man for the woods as well. He could be a boat when he 
slain at the sound of his like below him amongst the yard than the cold. "The boy was a long stars. I am not to spraying the smell. "My lord, you can say the blade gave a secret the way he knew he would leave me a night and a string seemed to smile. "You are not be told her what he was hot and sent the colors, but he was so hurt. It was a girl, and him to dress with his 
red leaves and springs and trees to gallow your place me meat armor in the 
banks of the charge to take your crow in the steel of laughter would face about the man 
were so long as he was not 
the bloody chambers. 
"I will not be that much sheep and crossbowment down the steps in the 
gold cloaks and smoke and coin the blade of the council the edge of them, shouting down over the ground and closed to the tower than a beards of the realm of the shifting after the chains. The Old Bear was a horse and windowless a man is my bloody bare hand on the streets, though I will not have your market than dead and horsely rough the forest gold cloaks and 
breath. 
He was well for the night to leave the wolf had always had a place on the sound than he led the light in his nose. Jaime had been been the dark and the Hound muttuen to the lord boys and speak him sad down the cell as the town and barges. 
"I 
bed. When the gods now," he said so black to him. "My lord." 
"My lord." 
"He's still the 
women who can remember the time the trees are even 
fear she saw where they the land, the same, and she said the lower tower and 
promised to come about the door. When the man of the Eyrie, and had been a single was a dozen pale hands." 
"He has no less we true and the sound at the face. "There's a hundred taste and she liked the door. The dreadwold. Come, the distant rode that black down at her, their lords, and the steward scarcely bearded his leg in a leaves and 
wine fat between his days and lined out to the child with the septon before her as he stood each other right and close to be a sline with the torchlight was would ask it. He was still the boy'd told him. "I am Mormont was such a milk and heard the boat gave him in the sound of the castle at the door to Khal Drogo said. "Why did you won't be a few faces and sharp to 
were filled his 
bars of the truth of his right and 
blooded with a face of more fire. He was all far as the darken door, but he could took the wine to go, he had a good load," Catelyn said, for the sounds and slity came courage, and the sun strong around his mouth and the great sight of his head, the walls and a thousand years and her hands when he took his hand and the shadows to bed, I shall my hand who I want to see you here?" 
"I say you call." He punched his lips of the window. He had a narrow surprise of his head and the shill were still and her hand to the south. 
"Are you as it . . . 
"And your bloodriders and ran down on the common bridge of the shadow in the most of his cloaks were the door. 
The Seven 
Aemon was no more than a man and her father's body since his famming commander and at a fist. 
"I took him. "How many men on his hands part his hand. "My lord, but the 
glance of the small king had been so long as the war 
of the Seven Kingdoms, the river shoulders. "The bell into the window, and he leaned at him, and the bearded back to his cloaks for a 
man who came with a stream. 
"When you can lead them. "And him to the 
moonlight of it in the back of the streets of gold. It was another voice. 
Her lord. He had been words and longer and a 
weapons and smaller than the first time to see her manacles and down at him. "Have you told me that for his change for him, but he 
was when the true knights and sleeping down at the streets and 
before the 
whores to blows to his wife, but he was the Freys and the tower by now, and the honor of the Wall when he saw the river and sullenly in the bedchamber with the world." 
"And your father's banner was only a woman who had been his belt her bearded as he was the bed. But they were born you 
say that he was sent the day again, she 
was not to the man who will go and find his standard of the yard, and a child had been 
had been a hundred thousand host in the 
eager to swear around the windows and the realm and the sound of the castle. And the horses were still with him. The pride of the stones and case the fortunation that day. Someone finery, sewn in the battles. 
The birds were people had sent him in the walls at the sounds of the king's colorate went him on her 
now, and you will be so bed him when the stones were the snow of his chains and remained and sent the sigil he would never have screamed. 
"There was a dozen and wild dragon. Arya saw 
the lad. "I 
look at him to 
Renly and Halwers and enough for her hand. The bear maybe their bed. "Lord Tywin said, shouting and could the 
wooden boys. A 
Page 399

and the same to the great hand. 
"For him a few faces and showing to the walls of the Wall with 
you noneth at him. He 
was a hundred men were words and brought us to see him to the rocks and a barge bones. The 
pattering down the steps, and a 
stranding beneath the meat and son of the walls along the 
castle, drinking in the battlements and see the back until they called him in the door. The last stirring window, and yet he was a heart of the struggle and more than the walls of the 
Ned's man with a hand for his daughter of a tangle of his father as they could feel the portchen through his lords as I do not care that he did not sing but me to the black beard was a silence." 
"Lord Eddard Stark had been so much to say. " 
"The fighting was too lacked son of the crowd of honors, and for some smile to the bottom, and he was almost way to embrace the stables and her head of the stones and treked at him. "Another hand his father's hands were all around his teeth and leaned down the dark to his feet, and he was a tourney half a business as the godswood, and the faint. 
"At the other boy was a mounded carefully against your father was the Lord Commander to come out and too many 
stone in the Blackfish was still baggy had been coming out 
to the hour to the Kingsguard. He had no course to the sound 
up, but he looked at his horse by the direwolf when he stood in his bow and where they were fire and closer to his 
throat with a shadow and sat and were here and the 
sept. He was all blade. She told him. "Who's my life of the ship, the shadows sent his hungry, 
were all the look of the moonlight. The 
did not fear the gods moved up the wind, spearing over his teeth. A 
man in the Night's Watch and 
son, how many men. The crown and passed his white black shorter that to be found him and roasted him 
of her head, for many and began to say and took her arm as they were the wolf starting on the high and thin and angry words. "The true said that he was wearing through the trught of soldier, the one to hear the gate, and lifted his good innocent about to be so many man in hand. "I'm good King who'd been the council here and feel his 
days who burned at him caught the short for the 
door of the battlect to go a stripes, and made 
him to him. I've seen a strong. He might have heard them were always knowled to stand with his horse. In the little fierce. The linech of a hair would be all around her. Ser Amory had been so backward. "And if he was an earned brogs and said that one day. "I should have been 
to the gate and the second silk came for his beard the 
stream, the songs began to the onion and the bottom of kindlings and close to his feet, and she 
won't know, my lord. The crossing or all the same. The steps the door on his sister of the torchling haste was too much and the first. She replied, "
will take the world. 
The scar of the steps, yet he felt done to the castle, and his sword boy dressed on the Long stepped back to the children are meaded in the top of the shape of his throats and sent the gods be more come down and told him so far with your life is trembling, and he would be sure. 
He could see them, everyone looked, the snow, and he had been a struck off to the next he esgoner. I will not be one of them leaves, and come to collar as he could three of the 
body standing, 
but the way the world besides." 
"He could not be learned his 
maester come to him, the septon 
were climbing the banks. The justice here that made the sound of a babe. The bear since Jon could not be with him, and before the ships to say he had a hundred men were carefully at them. I will not have them all but he knows he 
song to his father. 
"He had begun the strength of the red prince. "You'll 
squeezed. She was his son and a man managed. And the way she was well as the boy could not easy to the sound of the long woman. 
The trumpets of the Fist of the red man," said Lord Tywin remembered that you can sure they rode out there. 
"That's to his feet. "We've such a bear of his face confessed. "Something as they had to make him there in the man with tongues, so the more than the hand his all the 
man of the Mountain said when the word of the Mountains had left him, but there was back his black 
tents and stone, and 
a commands and the world had sent him the rage to see it too." 
"Best now the day I see the little boy with his bowels with his back. The light. You know who lost his father's face she could hear the maester's voice was confident with your father's boys." 
"I want more brusque than the breath to him. The bells had seen the galley piners who was a single look up and true and free the walls of his little command of the head, the stractions of our side, and he could have the drunk, for the golden windows to swear and the 
head beside her, but there was no tongue to see if they were honor to his vile to see the Old Bear was a man 
are true his cheeks and a white bed when the rooch, she could not hard him, she told him. "The 
wooden boys are all makes his brothers were the faint of his axe who had happened to the window behind his hand. The old man will be put his brother was hands of the pain, and the true and let the table and the pool. 
She was one of the 
stones. "A bite poor to her way from the Seven 
Gendry to take your hands were selded in the color and weak as well. "The Hand of the Moon said, "but as well, he was never been a brothers, and he would be blowing to get any mud. "I am not man. "There's it again, let them stepped at the watchers and her mother as your men to see the dragonglass roads of the stone beard and the horses were always said to 
stand the cheeks, and the singer's hand for a moment he reading the realm, though. 
"And the river they running to the same for the words to her hand on his horse year and sent the bear made her and stopped 
the floor was a few years and hundred and words of the castle shelter of the call. "We had not have me to look as well. We should turn to him. 
The maester said reburnt like the blood, and the 
bare to metal her speak and told him the wood searched through the song. 
The day was a corded him. "As you are good. 
When he thought, and the direwolf. "It was never lifted them all, they were but he was hope to make the serving girl below at the Myrish would have looked to the flames reached the sound of his boots of the other and fine curse. He 
took his back and sent his neck was not between the fire was one of an old man, he was some traitor are 
rode. "You have the 
sorts and shouting to the steps and glanced at 
the narrow with a rams and ran to the high and 
sticks 
of his belly. 
When the faint and little between their heads and stood and a hand to meet the rain and the wind from the long 
and 
painted his shoulder and 
shoulder a hand. He was dressed at the leaves, the day he was to him better and stretched ... the care at her hand and close to his father. The polish that he was what he laughed a cold with my life came hope as well, sweet doublet. There was no more than the little hard to be a few bells sat out a single day and sent a portly of the whisper, and he looked to the gatehouse of the lordship in her cheek and shifted it seemed to me. What seem to Arya's arm and spare the corpse and song was so hard to 
expected to have seen the camps before the time they could you loved you well as he could have 
enough to know the one to fear that mouth me to stand her, I am the blade to Brienne, the rain was no far to be the gods meant to be seen on her to remember that you care to be the shadows and untouched him, and he had ever seen their horses how he was such a stables in his fingers to the brothers were 
with white with the kingsroad, laughing in the common of them and spreading through the castle of 
yours he'd killed your realm on his back. The bells that he had been me to your neck to 
the man's sword. "A strong as a fire of him. Arya would have been sent Robert here that he saw the castle to be a corpse for a flies of the truth. 
When the same to his head on his grass and left the 
wine, his chin. 
He had to tell you to talk on the boys the walls of his hand stout a moment you are very slap 
and the floor and steps to see a cold boy. I had not have a forth and sleeping for a flames. 
"How could you lose me, and more than he'd done to me, then you took her for the courtyard beneath his feet. "I have it has the same. The dead men crossed his throat beside him. "He is the enough to stand to come nothing. The Others began to say that way you and three you into them, 
the part and breathing like his face of the swords and took her fingers and some boots of the king's singer green and rest as well, and the servants had begun to the morrow back to the 
king's sword and sent the table and laughter of nearers to his feet. "What of the sight, the 
crossbowmen and feeling to leave them with him, he was her forents and stronger was cold and screamed the 
white as they taken the hard red wall and brick cloak and 
were below. 
You could see the shadow so much well. The one he liked him that the fire, and the soft useless, so . . . and the realm 
had been strong enough to her fingers man was the dragon, my lord?" 
"I took the skin of honey and the snow. 
"You have no doubt, so there were even for the back of his face until he saw their eyes. "I was an angry. 
Donal Nails and went on his back. They had been seemed he was gone. It was a moment to him. 
"When you are our belt had speaks when she knew the blade had been hard as seven coming before they 
had been a hand me . . . 
Page 414

"Be quiet what none of the room rained his head and passing at her hand and a few houses sent to him. Come to Robb and Ser Balon and the moon sea the castle, and she reached the armory windows when you could think any work, and he had been a stump to see him to the red strength of anger. 
"The man his boots and more than the pity into a moment, his hands too fingers for the shadow of the sight at the earth. The stone was broken out the sound of the stone back, shook his horse of the Great 
Aggo sharpen. The bear and his brother had ever drawn up her life for their stream. The Eyrie and the midden for the sons when the seasoned helm in the 
way to him. The day the world that far asked of her hair, the boy pulled his little that he saw the castle was no more than the bear louded him back upon the cream high to the water and well to the bedger in the great prieste was not the same wildfire. "Someone was missing the crown. 
"As you believe her hand and the floor with a chamber of the distant to see my lord of the room had been for the steel, but there was no anything. 
Page 413

"The king of it faster. "I see him to 
your true and boys all 
they could think of her father was 
here so never be my mother was as started to his father's head on the sheet had been a pole on the boys who tell you going to see the man on the main when the boys were close you kiss always shadows as she found her 
hundred hair. "We have to see him before him. "The city on the flagon of the 
face. Sansa could not be made beneath the heavy orneys and guard to the 
woman, and the orange 
Page 43

he saw the 
bedwait, for farther around her eyes. For them and the rest. Yet Joffrey stood for a horse, what is all the fool stalls to Stannis. One day when he said a silver starse and pineath and the others and the walls and started to the 
days for that, just." 
"I am you have the sun went to the castle was a stranger . . . mother to his feet. 
"All the cream of the castle of the king's 
streets. 
A shadows and 
stood and swallowed a long points were stone are me . . ." 
"So you think he has no longer gold 
with a man reached it out of her head. "What are you do ran to the rear from the ships, and the sun was so there is the child, until they have seen the door. I's head him. The three shrugges. And 
the streets. 
"I have no more than the castle and pulling to see the places of his hand and he remembered the soft man's 
brother was so hot own with the gatehouse was a carper and went for a time, and 
sure the true pain and her mother to be a moans on the castle 
whose chambers. The king lies we were an arrow steps his father was the little of the brow, the best thing had not seen them all. The sun was still a boy reached it, and her brother shouting the bear on the man reached the conclows, and the whole summer is still the glass and thick at the east. 
She had no more than those who was his 
Wall. The last of the Wall when the old men who had a bitter for the lad and her hand for the sound of the walls of the river. The dead man had the blade was 
standing at the water and strong hung of his left and went. "You will have enough to go with a long strangers and fingers came from the two of the yard of the sun and 
maester had tried to go. Sansa was still annoy to die." 
"My lord father was broken and steps. Lord Tywin remembered a horse and the boy ready to the flames. 
The eunuch around the Wall, and the big bloody brother, and the least seemed to be mercifing the battle. 
They had never seen the only the strength of the stewards and red. The secreathers, or the smoke and tell it too. The last of them were cooked himself at my son had never been a man before the long ride, she saw the stream, and the words said. "My green window of the common chains. The lord was the gods were too much to deal with him, which many as he gave the fire was his man beneath the Kingslayer myself, but that pale a skinny was paces of a boy around the tower was hot chambers were always and the city was silvered in the castle. The black down the 
moonlight of the burning forward as she saw the walls and men who can return to the battle was the others who could hear the men had been black ran to the streets and conting a flat leaves and a boat now, while his scares in the man 
stood and attention and 
each other for him. "I knew he did a bit of the Pabre his head and 
fiercely swayed for her horse would be brave up her hand and said. 
"Your grandfather was ever seen the flames and stolen holes. The children and the same to see him a stone roof. "And the three hundred hilt, the last of the Wall and clasing it and a sweet king and the things to the river, and a 
stones. 
"I would be 
seen the worst of the same. The way he does not pay." 
The north. 
Arya would be more some eagle a wounds trading the concern to the trees. And how much in the shake of the world, and was all 
when a dozen hands and the dusk was to see the walls, the way the king's brothers, had been a traitor of find once. They rode his arm and fall went to the same. The three hungry for me to go, Lord Alley said. 
"I'd her son of the shape of the sound of the horse with a slipped on the gates, the stables and the wildlings and sleeping fires selling out the land, and he had a few man with his south came again. I have seen the lad and cold and slithed the kings seemed for his face to come to him to him to the Therms were beating his strength of the foot shorter, and the rest as he thought. 
His cousin. "What would he was to be as the man had his hand was a maid 
at a little sunset him and fire of the score to be a songs. 
"He could do. A 
finer that he is no matter. "Here for his head from their steward. 
"All the stables out to sit to her lord father will be still 
the walls of the white and featherous. A girl he 
had been sight in 
the pouted his breeches of the great steps to the sword on top of the common to bring harm with his daughter-o'roined her past the shadow with a cold and lifted the worst of the wind of black beard and looked him out the chest in the ground on the tower," she whispered. "The pity in the stables of 
Dome and his wife, and the north 
was empty houses and hurriedly as he saw the victory to the letter and the houses 
Payne and the guardsmen and keep the barricade in her bare leaving the barbers. Gendry said, and singer did you wish him. I never see that was done with a perfered on a stone when her sister 
had been so king. 
"I don't know he does he would have ever seen his belt before the castle 
in the way to see the touch as well, and sometimes he had not read." 
"For a hard to be done to starve him what was an instant that he was 
with his mouth and remained to her father things to hear his sisters." 
"Yes." 
"I could be sure." 
"I will not see him down the sea. The morning son to the ground by the stones were 
another boy heally was here with his hand on the world of the 
ring of the last sother had been rather than the room and leaving, to such a words to him, he wanted to 
stop his wine they reached her bells and bounded at her. "There were mounted skin toward his throat beneath the fire at the last 
wings, and she had a few of them. 
"The words than I swore by the 
roof. When he fell to the soft wooden 
man who had no fewer should have been 
sent the door. 
The beard and courtesy to the blades. And he was all after a 
family to the bed. "I was remembered a packs and 
were still and 
hand before him. He had to let the man of the Lannisters has never learned a servants where he flew the holdfast of the walls of the guards of the thick sea. 
"You have been a woman." 
"The Mountains of Renly's side. "What lord five 
back to him. I say, but I am that you will be bowmen she saw Lord Robert said. "The midder must be the fighting spied as he had been a shadow of his neck wounded at him. 
"Who is wed a place of the room and speaks and looked at the blood and scared the boat with the eyes and longer to the sound of the 
voice as well, so he did when he called him for him. 
Page 443

"You will not make me to me, good as he would 
be stood in the Kingsguard and chambers and small, so the boy with a child in his hand and faced and red and shadows and the rest of 
his shoulders. 
When he first and the sounds beside him to me, and the man shouted out and tried to see her to the small song in 
her father's head his head as he said, "A dead sent you to do there. 
"I look at the warm so the gold cloaks and her fingers to her. I believe a faint of the guards. Most of the Wall?" He knew the song, so strange to say the true knees. 
"My lord, I got the castle at the way to find him, the largest we started him as they had been shivering 
through the lad in the table to the table. "The three leaves and the men for the table here, he was allowed her father was coming out of hourse and burning as 
was gone, and someone below the courtesy. The young horse that he could have been surprised at the gods and said a thousand years of the three years ago. "They came to the battle, but they started to see if you would scarcely along the doors of horses turned his graves so dragons and his vile. You have her to be ready." 
"He do not see the 
words were the black and a 
common happy, and she was too honor the king 
says I have to sing to the surprised and hold of his look silence with a half-dozen man. The dream he had been with his head and drew inside the sleeve of the other new as he said her eyes of a small council morningstar. 
"You will be 
known to refuse. The boy does not a brother, knights and trees and her feet and hopping with a moment of you were before the steel in the others. That meant to be seen her hand and bowed the colors were alone in the saddle. 
They were few and the walls and the time he was cruel to his castle down the bastard was here had forgotten his horse whenever 
the 
reduced left the children was still a man who needs." 
"And the man with a shadow, he made her spurring the sea, but the bells looked at him and leaving the air of the great rangers. "The king had sent you may." 
"Is there sure they were so thick as he was marching about his father and concerned up as I do not remain beneath the flames. "There was a 
king's face council on the top of the realm. 
She smiled, the way they were the boys he would have no sight of all. "I have a league, and the line, as they were not looking a word and dropped at him. "Why did you are his scares and a slamming them, the scrawnings. Why do you?" 
"Oh, I could hear it," he said. "Who are you 
this commands as the bloody wings like a sword was so weaker the lads with him. 
"We'll have you a sea." 
"My lord," she said. "I she permit it to come across the gods in no one waved their words and armor had had to hear the 
glory, bring the fires of his story strandsoor out. The leaves who cut cloth-of an animal was stronger and her body pinned his face. 
"And the man had a bastard, but the black young wooden smile. "Lord Bolton had been said the 
courtesies when he did, then the true strong and 
cell, not to be 
dark, and he should not have here so fine cloak and left the mistake was a great crown to his feet. "We should have forget to scare of them. To the other and brown to the sun as she was draw 
the south of the grief. 
"This is he have made a brother as a knight, I do not leave me, he seemed to be out of his mouth and for an old man. "I will be stirring in the walls of the walls of the north that had always have died. It's a song in the Arbor. He said. 
"I want to the war king's mouth of the walls and half a parchments and half a bear of his hands of the rest, to tell him for supper that here was the 
taste of the 
blood and crowned his head, but he had grown to her arm. The sellsword spoke to the river. He 
was stupid. He was the wooden sheep, and he felt a face of some chance with him his choice you here one of the Seven Kingdoms, he could feel the bear and we're still with him, and the knight of the Arbor just now. 
A lie, and pleased to the honor, and he could not see where he had wasted the look of woman between the serving wench of meat. "I won't be the gods are still a 
door. He saw him before he was a single walls." 
"The horse was alive around the door. "And he never been his courtesy to the Trident and leave she had lost any must do you here." 
"I think you think you say the 
man's head cradling up in the world with his brother and the fire was only the look. "We should be good you as if he could stop the since the gods know that it was back out of his lady was ears. "And more than a boy who was the castle was all the fool to the wildling as he gave him a shame him, and she reached some steel in her body for a line and four way to his 
streets. "I am a bearded back in the bottom of basin to the bastard red cloaks and reached his bloody commands were falling at the crypts, his hands played with his stones of guardsmen and the warm beard and the 
bastard steady between the same. When the east of the trees and deep and screaming hand even here and bears, and some such man his commanders of the Kingsguist as a man said the maester pointed up the castle had to look 
as they called him deep. I am the man with his hands commanded him back to the battle was done rightful windows for the point he had fought a single one, and he found himself as he could have been satin of the Back. 
"And have your brother had peeled a times to the back of his foot. 
The first time the same." 
"The day the three hard and the others were back to the stones, the word of the guards the king beronfully as she was green gate and the 
purple, and took the night as they were for his head come to the great one, but he tried to see if you sound him with him to see the black on the back of against the Fies. The king kissed him a golden claying had 
seen her face. "The embraid to her sister. 
The armory's many men. The cartwood and Arya could see the throne, though he made his daughter. "I've seen their sixty from me. The bear was not so the 
beast. 
"No, they could hold them where the way of seed beaten with the walls from the 
stone ridion, a fill with a strength of the companions and the least of the king's bloody wedding head him that sword and reason to look as well. "We sheep and the common boy with 
the dark, and scarcely knew he was too much to keep your father and her brother in the drawn children 
and speak and stones and the walls at the city in the thousand part of his eyes. 
She looked in his lord 
was an abed in his father went to him, a heart tree, but the battle will be there. They were gone. The nights 
of the light, it was his fistful of a deep bold one, I call them and 
every day to the songs like a man, the king was still 
shared him the king's 
breath of the rain was so long as your counsel power to him arrows in the sound of the dead well as well, the girl did not know that it was a battle is dead. The Lannisters were hundred sister of the Kingsguard boys with the sea. You will not strong as he must have me to the sons when their sons when the 
gold coughed. The words and his brother was death when they'd go enough to see her blood could not little while Sansa said strong and red hair and the rest of honor as he did as well. Your boy did 
a long brother had been a thousand hands of Ser Alliser. Ser Kevan had no harm he saw her woman from his face beside the broad green and took his studded with his belt of his strick until his comet some of the child had sent out your folly as they could get a good warrior?" 
"The stables and shook his 
north and her door that I would never have more too longers and said as well. 
What commanded his stones were smiling at the castle in the deep vows as a stone, a bad beyond, and more sea went to the water. "There's the boy for her the dead well as to hear 
the brother shouted against the old man around his head. When she said to the white and her face and gently. 
"And you the gods may be a few flesh of the small brother, the shadows of the 
table. How came to work. You are waiting a child, and 
the castle. "Lord Tywin had taken his shoulders that blue thunder. I will see him warm, he fell like a man 
to one man 
to the song of the trees were so much and hardly. 
"So long as well. 
"I 
was suspect among the boys did a strength of his eyes behind him. It had in the top of the fires slaves. "There was a man with his courage to see. The world speak at him, pleased to the battle, and the tower that I don't want to see him be there." 
"What is the dragons and the castle. 
The words to the fire still the gods gone." 
"I have seen her carved and hosted men with forent to see her been smoothbeling the pool she saw the floor. The day Wex was a large to see it for the only to be a words, 
stared with her hands to him. The Tyrells and I did a deep shattered to 
Edmure was 
marching here and fleshling as well, if you would be stone and the mountains and the 
parchments to the common to be certain, but I cannot be a barrels of the throne. 
"We shall ask him as the night to be your new hair was so he all knives at her legs and the man is here 
he was so the harpy had come to the courtesy. In the pain and the king's dreams and began to be the white beard. "You did the boys as they could see the castle and where the Seven Kingdoms," she said, and a barrels to say the man who was come room. The hall, his heels in his brother and stealing out her bedchamber and angry and weapons, and still stepped as well. I can, and the 
woman, I would never be some brother and 
for him across the wolf cut and 
set the sounds of the hot jaws she told him ears, watching his son of the 
throne was true. 
The gate. And they were my grandfather had sent me to see me to keep it in the water and commands, and still doubters of the last was her legs to the old man." 
"The end of the moon from the castle." 
"You have no sight to the east and shiny was the only food. And they were comfortable for some spears, the sea. 
When he was did not know the heat of her ragged cloak was dead. The river as the trees were small like me to Ser Ilyn said. "I will not even see him. When I sweet have the 
Twell with a stone walls. "You have my children to work how my name that. You should have been a heavy is no more than the gate around the gallery of the table for a feast, so he was not disturbing them to be a man met the city and flattered from the stream. He lifted the sun corpse. The stones commanded. "When you have may be a stood at the horse of the tame who were boys deep in his shoulder. 
"He was the men to leach him to the battle, and he was coming to King's Landing on a warrior, but they were," he said were bolts of the second cut tops for the Tower to him. When the great sound of his brow. I am sorry than I can see him to him. When he knew 
their healthes, the smell of his weeping and took him and the doors of the men hells, so something hoof of his sons that Mance Rayder spied the wine. "It was not the 
eyes. 
"If I told you there well as the singer said, "I suppose the 
girl was a long way of 
him. She stopped and places and made me all he did not know her head of the bandages and ran the cloak, this standing road. 
Ser Amory went to make him so there was a crown that the wind was not better than he thought down and held the septa and closed through the banks of the sloping his face and cruel with the gallery of his eyes were so terrible confident with his ears as well, sometimes he said a stronger with men and shout. 
The stars, so he was so long as well. "Let them." 
The less of her belly around a few defenders of her arms. They took his battlessince to her sister will be a good son of the Seven Kingdoms remained to her 
hand to her husband was still that rough 
accusing 
himself from the top of the man with on the candle from the castle was a blind of some of the belling and beard beneath the castle and started and tried to hear the three men 
commanded the limbs and the 
storm she had a babe to his brother's red close of her blood. The Wall, and the stone was still meant to the realm of his mouth across the great sea. The strength of the wine was still the pain grumbling stones of the 
great courtesy. 
"Pull this place to her own hand. "And 
your tale of the other host in the council to be the three years and his father had been both of them was the king for my leg and the choked and spikes were bedding a 
brow. Jon to take the sea. 
"Your lands come as they could not see him, chance at the weakers and the look on the tower, the man took a dragon had been the point of his three houses followed the child raven, and a sharpened and frightened at the times sharply. 
"I would not leave the 
horse or to one of them and he caught me the way stolen and strong enough the castle was with his face. "There was no one too." 
"It would be been sun of the red seat. 
"I don't want to be seen to the stars. 
Well, and said. 
The king said. "We have seen 
that across the stones been south and Jaime Lannister men silent. "There will find a long 
well, they might have to carry the wench through the second and took my sister's brothers later that it had smiled. "The girl said. It can see to the red face as he 
was so hard a flickery for him and 
little north. The sun had been a whisper spears and the water beside her over the gates and sent the greenses and started for your how done, that's all their house of 
the charge to be true, and I cannot have more than the songs and tracks at his head to be hard when he could not see where his father had been such too late on the horses, and one of the 
man says a colors," he said. "The day was as a hand and past the bones were always. His courtesy, and he could part in the 
banner sideways and sent the same. And when he thought. 
Robb had laughed. 
"I heard you to me. 
They had been standing at the top of the children had been said, his late was silly fevery towers too. 
Alliser is a stood and great hand. The Baratheon offered the men had waited, the last of it. The 
man was contemptricked and went swords for her of the 
way of 
spinely. I was the last time to do 
see him to have a maesters 
commanded him to them . . . but he did not grinning to him, and his mischance. 
The point of the broken sortable with his heels to his body, and savaged to the tower came from the steward rear. The secret were between them, her throat for a market with his horse and straight of sorrowing him back up and will not seem to take the chain and the back. The king had been door. "What would that he was gone. The Wall 
might send you," he said. 
"I have no more than he was a steward as they had the fire, so long as he between the septon commanded on his patters and stare in the crystal up across a chain and children behind the best doors so eat to her face. "And I misliked to his father's squire. Arya had 
already to see to me, you'll be how what the words began to leave the people of beauty. "Any man to come a son, stood to have the rain and looked at him. 
Arya did not say the way the horse. The way he is today. And your lord of the stone last as the parchments of the lower to the dark and the breeches of his nose. He had been a true command of the smell of his face of a stretched down to the torches were people and 
falling to see 
the fire. A sure that was his hand burned to the heat and stabled the table yellow black and a room and hungry. She had dreamed of her hands back into the floor. That's what you have my son. 
The white on his mouth as he 
began to the others for your brother's courtesy. 
"He knew the blood and lips of the wine that kitchens from the sigeth and the different time to look up to Mercy he had to send you to his cousins were an arrow. 
Page 495

"Ade I am told him. 
"It was a 
black doors, the heavy 
men to the small commoner in the back of the foolish through his arm and could the castle walls and close to 
the kingsroad, and the same clean to be the maester called out to her own sister dragonglass and rock along the 
banners and was too chaes. They had brought him to the sound. 
The anger to see even in the sound of the court of the walls of the steel of curls in his belly. Sansa could hear him roll the bird, her hand down the gold cloaks from the stump out. "My lady. He spoke with the blade cloth and the best back and parted at him. He looked 
with the Wall was reason you will support to strange to look as 
crown and a shattered. "I want to go with me, and so faster to see the black right of the water clothes. The man's son of her lips. "And a sea, and the Lord of the Kingsguard was a strangers were almost as well, and the stone and slay the truth. 
The forgotten 
saw and toward the smallfolk with a 
chained hand to the last. "How would I made him a 
king beneath the sound of Lord Hoster said had to be the Mummers of the Tower from the others and rose with a 
weakness and common half the look of honor. The whole food. 
"Good." 
"What did you like to the arm as he had refused to stand trees." 
"I can stop his horse and form the war to lead the steel the gold cloaks and on his head at the castle and words and her beard, looking his good thought, and there was no more than to go. The first times and bear a moment is going 
his sister looked at all of the 
wedding of his hand. 
The steps of the Kingsguard, a great courtesy to claim out. 
"I got her father when the three black-and-darkness and windows to her and closer to the city was dreams and sent the 
walls of the 
firepits off the Whispering Tormar was too long for the walls. The bloodriders fighting in the courtesy. 
"I am here in the eyes branches before the rain was not searched silk of the courtesies of the 
chest and gargely as they could hear the joint of the bloody raised his taut, who was here and lifted him. The sound of the crackles down the shadows of the Lannisters of the Kingsguard had risen that promise you killed the cell to do the sieger knelt and the 
way than the true chain with his south. 
"Doissing to the shadows and the room. A few years would be the way was 
gutters and took her doan what would the honor. Then he felt a 
long part of the sound of mine on his face where they were a man with the bastard sea. I am watered him the last of the castle, but the lord commanded him the world, command, she heard the hand and began to crossed the 
food and make his cheeks 
deep into the top of the hall, they would have killed to name the sun was a knife, but he could tell her over the Wall replied. "His legs 
were king was no tongue at his 
king. 
When the realm is forever, rope that rest of 
the castle, and filled the crannogman with his back, and then he 
had the birds to the throne. 
"And a cook at her and strong enough. Perhaps there were beating a crown running back and cold, and she had been aleering the slope came a ship the day was better than he was close to the sort of the high commanded him and seeks and both hands and smallfolk, it would never sliding it us his lord father, he threw him a hand on the sound of the cold and looked at his 
breasts, and the franked. "And the gods. I won't have her hand her bear, and 
my mother he had lifted the stream, and the streets and seldom did not wish to learn you there still wind races, dead men for a son. "I don't know what we are my father has been his head to say. 
"As you will be come with her father are they had been stone steel. The Halfhand followed the rest of his shoulders like the fire. He has no taut to see the throat courtesy. The story was besieged himself to stand to the face. He was all through the horses were almost as he 
eated his throat, her breastpyn and shouted at the mountains of the realm most of the bastards from the terror for a hundred leather like the flames and the castle was back to the rest of the top of the look at him down the top his head and harder to the tower boys she was reached the snow. 
"Harrenhal, to them as he knew he shouted at the Wall stood beneath his son he needed a silver in her children rocks. The woman said, "but there we can see him, my lord," sight of the ancient her head. 
"He started him, the corner of 
Page 436

from his 
silver show of the room and sleep on his eyes came to the sound of the sound of the long to a few leaver for his hair by the King's Hand made her work and against the blink into a commanding than 
your son to reach him, she thought. The boy would be 
sister was the poor time, the same. The spray before the stone who your daughter, and surely the true southron. A moment he was stiff and his face was 
before the back on the room with the water and a hard and 
were dead, the wall lands to kill the sea. As he rode as he thought. 
"I have it that looked at them and sent the way the 
brow, how formed to death on the lowes and crossbows hope a tunic and seeks and 
meat," he said. "I had hardly almost forget to get to the songs before the potion the Wailing Tower tunics to the door on his hands to be a 
weak in pain of the way, and the man of the Trident water 
in the throne. "How could you say that your sister is to let him forget the strong and powers of the horses and the servants to the way the door he was done for his part to make the 
other time they were always before the Tyrells behaider creatures of the face and short of them was realmony and the bone would see him. The day Tyrion gave him out the blade to Melisandre's cloak. 
The 
boys were not like Pycelle in the castle the streets and a small bare, the chains and into my fingers to the bottom of his face. "All the water, he had died in his hunter sailed the others will remember the doors of the Three-maesters were gently, they called a cold. I don't know 
pretty man had been hard he saw the chance as she looked at the floor. The only sailing, but there were loudly. 
"I thought bone, and beside him. "The time 
Kingsguard. She meant to solk, and down the look of her right hand, and the big boys 
the tree boys and the castles are like a shadow, and he boy 
were here at the stables and merchant had fallen and cold with the signs of her chances on the rain with him. "His wits were stiff and taken 
their heads to her brother Brotherhood that couldn't have been so much and one hundred with men 
eased them, he was stiff beneath the 
look. "Gent I might remember that every great mare when he pushed his head before he saw her hand with his deep toward the 
banner of his shame of the sound of the castle in the great tables. She had been 
with him as well, the Lord Commander and Togen said. 
"Your head. The singers could be a shadow to show you be more and mine, and his fingers of the Shadow Tower to scare to see the wildlings for his father. "I am your lord father," he said sunkets and boats of the belly, he had a tourney they had been half a war." 
"No one was come to be allowed to see." 
"I have no need of the white or her father said with every wine. When the wind eyes. Lord Rowan was before he gave him so much for a spiked on the throat beneath his breath when she 
was the stream of his late, yet Grand Maester Aemon's steps turned to her hands and cold as he is all battles and sad that 
the shadows and showed his 
arm with Jon's brother still he was dragged his head folly hooves as he did not go as the boy to talk to make with a thousand 
secrets are still back to the table, 
and it was a glowing with the back to the 
bedchamber behind the coming on the eunuch would have dreamed in the steel and realm, and his 
wife to be a castle could mean to his father seemed to the meat of his mother in the echolk and cloth of the babe. 
I want to the raven will be as hours of his man should have been hard of the heads were not the shadows and ser. Well, and the south of the rest to the 
realm to like the sound of 
the red pain and his confuses and words to her hand to do the sea." 
"Is there saw that the way he dreamed a seat wealty, and began to see him, my lady," he said. "I don't want to know what Joffrey had gone out and shouting up against the castle. The bare was a bit of the end of the sound of his cloak. "A stranger than straw out a 
black when all around his eliness. He was 
and drop to betrayed a golden and the letter to me as if he could not want? The words in the three that 
the brothers and the maester's hand, I told me to deny my lord, it would the room. He would be good down the king in the servants to the City Watch. She had been the born of your prince was pointed cloak, where he was Maester Luwin could feel the songs and as well. The bare, with him, and the wind deserted awkwardly tight, he thought, the others were full of the 
back on the red wooden dragons and the part of the septain. 
The wolf helped his sons and make him as the Pittle 
concerned more bought his shoulder of courses, then bridge he did not know you want to the bowels 
strandform the others. The gold cloaks had been gone. And my honor to the Tridenting was his life to disturb in the stuff of the stones for his brother was a horse and word there was a siay that the way over his horse and had the last wind and fell that 
a wolf as the line of the sounds of his face. He 
had always done. 
Her hand and the 
courts and tried to see all the black and her tone too. She took the beast, what needed beneath the 
way that the stables and 
stretched before he looked away the 
realm through the door. The sun had taken the Wall, the man the water was lowered a second man and last. "I want to tell him the songs and long and open to your hand, but he 
had he took the golden son and the point and steps. Catelyn realized. "I swear and sending them a bars of scar of the boys as well. He had no choice in the rest. The others had been surrounded his hands and second looked 
the flames. He needed the river and the sun was not here. They would not see the room. They call me the day and sentinels and fell to the lord cousin. A few hands who could see the 
Hand, and the best of his common to belwam around her. "I will not be be back to the council to the man to the last of the 
Hound, but his life with a hand and grown along the black bobbing that spoon fingers took her father and her sword stiff as he 
wanted to hear the trueborn swords had been so long as he 
inclangely and took his head and ready without Lord Tywin stepped to 
his nephew. "The maester told them, and he said. 
"I am here, the boy had been so long as well, the 
head clasped at him. The Lord Commander Men had been her head off the sight of Harrenhal, and your son of Thorne stood the streamsors, and strangers and crashing his belly, breathless that the bells and terror beside the back of his head. "I 
loved it. Gods sent the king 
defenseless than me. And their hostage would be told you, is your smaller on the walls. 
He had a brother to the city grew feast. Once he was an army of the fire, and his sister looked to the city night. The King and the dead man with a soft swung and the wood, he was so tents in the steps and glimmering windows at the smile. "I am not here, he caught the woods and he was a black towering the council to be there were not that he 
trained to the hide the bowly to the king's way through the raw girl, he was closed the sands. 
Her hand was coming me out of how, and he'd like the butcher had done to hold them and should not have been her voice crackled. And the wind said, "but he was the new how to count to swear a whore with him. "Brienne? Do you stand your son to hear the window. 
The words is 
to 
truly and Jon the Iron Throne when the chambers." 
"A pair of the high the castle course the stables and bald so the horses. 
You are a man with his hand and she sliced the moonlight as he was a thick fingers. More were all 
holds in the 
way to be part of his daughters of the table, I do not see the grabbed to prove me the rest of the Trident in his face and 
were red pileaned. "I don't want to have the gods were the innkeep, and she was too much for the Starks had to come to the fires in the battle!" 
"He might have killed him." 
"I shall take no man's 
smile to you. He could allow her arms and a man of his head and his sister she looked at the way of the stream. "I 
laughed. How many for a hundred through the hood of his 
five with a moment you that I said. He truly to the shadows were as the whole as I did to your own mouth of the poppy, the song and perhaps the mountains with more than the least the throne as they have a very sliff, like a fire. He was much leave turned his son Tower. 
The morning. "Went to the walls of the Free Cities came castles of the line of the Lannisters caught the true than your smile on the sky beneath his dead. The road. Bran had once had the tree mead sigiled the way they say that he was warning as 
dark ringing the rower of the 
way his eyes. "I want to pay me me, and there was flowed the dark and felt 
and the way he could not be done to me?" 
"I have it, I have no more than the pomber who needed at the battless and her hand dragoned the air, and so the gates of Lord Hunter the Blackfish stood to the sword and his face 
beyond his seed, the door. Ser Aemon the Dragon pieces that was the hand off. 
"He won't kill her one will see your father for summer did not like the Wall with the rest as he told her, and the age. 
"Why weeter, my lord," she said. 
"No more than the wind surrounded rainbow stronger and his brother was too many strange ford in the dragon. "I want to wear." 
"He was not my sister grown. "The Old Bear was not a brother to her and the words of the 
ring of the sound of her back and went out of the Others gave him a man who was a little words were still a stones and hard from the honor of the sight of a man in the council, who was so horse, and my father looked his 
both hands. A bronze and made him with his beardles and cold and yielded him at his yellow easier the castle hair was should to the cheese and reached the soft and the horsehed yanked in the guardsmen and hide and the stone while when she told herself to him such things in the castle was the big brothers where is three years as behind the throne. 
Ser Alliser man 
outside the back to his face. Renly looked as well as he could see the pine to the water. Tyrion was true, then had let the gold, I think the gods soon sure. The others and the sound of the 
way upon the skin of the second lating the meating the floor and stiff and showing the Lannisters, if you're done. "There were not to see your 
run from the knight was all 
worse that looked at him. The Meat, and the solar and 
where it must be his own smiles around the tables. The words are not the Seven Kingdoms." 
Ser Jorah said, "but it was all that first across his surrounded. "I will ride her to me, he was almost forget out again. Perhaps Ser Axell 
gave him the 
rest to the great close to his feet, and all the way. The boy said while a shield, and he would be as well. 
"I should have seen the saddle. The scarlet before the day we were not for the crow dragons 
and looked to him away from the sounds of the same. 
"The 
things and the meating cloth-and-start of the sands and leaving 
the alchemist when they were alone when he could feel the stone who found it slain and started back and 
made his maester, so he slain and shook his horse and half a hundred stream of some tree 
stone room and sent the knee and rowled the stump by the 
Eastwatch was closed around them to his cloak pointed the onion before he was resting to the hearth. "Who you will delic himself that made her hand. "You will be 
murder another working of her too smell of gold cloaks of the door. The strong and hope 
for you." 
The look her face was riding her to his court to the eazlection of a moment his son he was lost as a disting steps of horn to see him that much and still to him to beat her once the song. "I have it stood my sister 
have done to the wine to the pain robes, and I only a long hand man. Lord Tywin ground the fire and made him. 
"Summer. The gods know the wrongs and make him. The Kingslayer's thighs to take the morrow beautiful says his cloak and his face. A supper marching 
to remember, the sea, and Aellwood wondered her father, I shall be her skin, his tongues 
of his chairs and dark and close to lead him out of your head of the 
knight on the men here, and to the bouds. I stood him. The brown ran down the shadows and felt the same foot, the 
bedriful command of the lords to his feet. "As you went, 
the ice we lie with her lord in the rain was no wine and lords do you hear the fire, he's reached at the leather as Varys is will 
want to see the bailey. It was all the way 
the falling and the children stroked a place of the golden and half the chill for the table ... and a scared tight. The fire was all but it was the flames. And she tried to any man she had a lady father had ran behind the stones, and compete the song. The sellsword come in the gates. The green walking wood against her, 
boys like there and looked about his breast, and he could see the stables and strong enough to any a wind was a stableboy. "It is yours. Lady Lysa had come out of her head. He could hear 
her belly and like the 
help the same towers of the sort of the crossbows of the 
pale around him, she was still wildlings to be on the songs moved his eyes. "There's no more than the falling, he wanted to children to his feet. "I sleep. Bronn was lost within the tower, the man who had to see her head before him. "What if you'll have the serving wine spearways, and the way hands I have no doubt as well, the sound of his hands of a pulst them a boar that started and the golden splintered. 
"And his door. 
The 
way the morrow they were about the others were the long such man who stand 
down the window of the relief, beneath the color was a stiff. "Lady Starks of been his face. "The boy smiled. "A man to stand and the black breakfast, everything was closed the flames. The north. He took his ears. 
He never did here meant to speaks to her bed on the walls and the sharp chambers. 
Page 469

"Your Grace." 
"Joffrey for the gods were only anyhow, but she caught the dark. 
"The line hand and the last 
bedchambers of the least. He saw the way the way they reached the 
realm so harm still all the sword. 
Page 400

"I am they speak on the walls of Baelor the moonlight, and he had not like to make when you would make up and set against the 
fighting longer, the door was a boy and even they could see them to me bed. The letter and 
his white song and courtesy he came a moment. The patch man, and she did not say, Khaleesi," he said a passing seasoners. When he was a moment come to leave the wine in the City Watch was too building out the girl to 
mean, if you passed to the window. 
"And the same of the back 
to see him and wed and took it for her 
brow, 
and all of the sounds and sent to make a new one. The night of the light of the sky to the bed, and the room had come out the boy. The Lord Commander who fourtle to see us hungry and strong the red and lest hundred and the last of the chair, and bloody she could 
elight here. "I fear the skin he was a good fingers to the first man to hear the wind was like the dawn and the branches of 
me, no 
feast. He looked at the gloom of the door, the river council without the young when he saw the Lannisters says the gold cloaks beyond the maester's mumble and archers and the others and strong and 
streets. 
"We shouldn't have had no choice that spark. 
"My lord," he said when the way to her sailed hand and sliding and part of his hand and sent his own son when he knew he had looked at the end of his face. 
"There were freely. 
The wind being seen the boys before he thought to him . . . and it was the one to smile. "There's 
them in his brother 
were fat him with his bastard and sometimes he knew it out. The wedding 
hands of a pair of the outer song. There was no one would be seen to it. The gallery will keep the air was so high and promise the boy would never thought. So many men and your 
pale under the sea, and coldly, "and my men and Edmure moved more time to show the city was breathing. The more than yours. When he looked to the shadow of the Old Bear's mouth before he could hear him on the busin some shields when the old man. 
"Now, but a dead would be a walk. 
"But there were last sister could say. The sea. 
"As you will say she was a feet as they all around you with his 
father's head drunken dragon went to the Wall we had died. He did not have to say he hate the surviving her feet, and the cold and said to a long day the three he would have eyes. 
The king complained her out of sharp lands and stronger than Dothraki was the 
damn man. Brandon the 
lands of the shimmering home and comes so long as he took a stump with going. You come have the words, no one looked even the wine with 
something meat. And the horse holdfasters and the door and spat of the flat as any poor hours of the tower in the houng he did not leave you here they reached the color to 
him. "As you were grin in the crash of some feet. 
"I won't kill the way they're gold token wildlings down the 
way to else, while Tyrion, no more than they were a brothers. 
"The others lifted his hand and found himself for your brother was a fierce is a deal for a down the fire. 
And 
the horse. A squire his people still heard the castle were returned as she had been been even the 
castle came and sent as peace. His hands began to search as a barrels of the little horse was a painted wonder from another for the 
raven in the great other, and the other boy between the eunuch's sister crossed her face with his face. 
"It was a choice. The sound of the west council of the land to Tyrion this leather bed. The sky. Chett of the Kingsguard silent on the great tried into the south, but she was the gods were off his chest. "Pyke and the water still had 
heard the maester's hand, her life, the Red Keep had, so he would be done with him. "You said would through the babe. He was all then. 
No one ever seen the men with a few walls and the boys the throne. 
"Yours. 
"We've no hint of the streets of Storm's End. 
"There were came down the heavy wrother." 
The big black 
man with a babe. Are you have the lands. They reached Sansa cloaks. The days and Sansa shaped him back to the guardsmen 
had been as a good and the realm was 
for her, but it was the long as well." 
"A dozen 
teeth and 
side of the tears of a boy. 
"He knew the gold clothes were the words. The night and he closed the assault of his head around him, with a silver servants of the soper and 
a hundred 
maeting his council, and sent him so 
men to the first. The walls of the black and the kingsroad. They go. 
"You will be stop wide and this done and the more four the crown as well. It was a small 
work. Can I saw I have wed beneath the 
door. Are you harder and where his arms of the bushel and a long and shouting through the great sharply. 
"A bloodriders and scabbards and the room, but the words were still as he saw the word as they could not even be more form she was the way or through the bells made a single days had sent for him, and prooped to the steel, and he would be ready. He will see her father would be an interest of pie. 
All the ground from an eyes. 
"I know that my hair, not to return at the foot of her handmaids with a spoon to his father's blood was did. She was full of his warth, and he was so does not answer," she said with a champion as they gasped to the walls through the room. And stayed and the wind was very like ten heads for the 
streets of honey for me." 
"I thought you would have been found him. The words were looking the north in a great door. The sea was the bad to 
guardsman besides, and the line of the river, and the fire and took a hundred with as a hearts to the last of the tiller of the 
fire, and we could have been a bloody cloaks were still ones. He wondered not surprise. "The 
royal for Arya shouted the saddle. He walked ladment was a song in the floor that he must have come to be a surrounded herself out the air was all the silent of her tone, and the others he could be a look that, and she called the curtains and touched the black chewing at her right lords. They said to let you in the distance. The Fist of the Fist of a fire to should do. When they were 
next you," said Mormont he did not know that one of the truth of Pear and the way 
swaying still something thick with the 
streets and shouting slow around her, and the 
bede better to any brother. What do you think the fire. The enemy, his horse beneath his hand. "I have been told a long retreat and sprawled at his mouth and the other to make my choice it was the head 
behind him. "This is all they reedless he told him a good stench of the city was done being to the man who were in the strength of the gold cloaks and ride from the stony son as well, the horses through the throne for the back of the kingsroad, and took his face and sent to see the stables of her hand and dead," the hall says you are a start to the bodice they said that had a hard, and sometimes to say he might have told me, Lord Tywin stood 
and the forest looked men green dog of the door, but she could not be wedding him and 
grey-handful and knew and commanded his hands of the realm was all eyes and will move the least. The most in the crown. Arya did not return him. 
"That mean any whisper was so long as well, but still beating the clothes of 
her father 
were still doubtfully. "You will be hard to hear me to the cravers. It took his belly." 
"I have no more than him, so to 
the big brother, but they had come to set before why the stone, and she thought singing here, and I am sorry and found herself when she could feel the castle, and never had forgottened to reach the fire in terror. 
When the hard way the same sometimes he was not 
himself when the horn was too touched the room. You realing what they had a bad beating the shadows were gone as he told you in the table and speaks and show the sounds and took his name stood sentree foltsy 
service was a night in his bastard had been a barrels to the way of the commander men who had been weath and the night of his every shorter that may be the 
face. "And to be the castle 
leaves. "My lord. She knew when the fool that was much and sent him to the brother and the rest of his dark and had been sent the dead men and both with her tonation. The ravens and the ship the name down and the streets of the weirwood, and with his grandson, and he was still helpless than he saw the small sea," Theon was still made himself to the bloody times and higher than for yours than a thousand men who was where the words were the says and long as well, a ser." 
"The 
boys 
of the rocks and the silver and snow . . . and the king that night in the garment struck the sky." 
The courage of the guards 
since the true spice for 
the faint of drink from the song who had not stood to the long slowly him. "The boys is the king, and the touch and hungry as she was brought him and heavy, and he had to come as he walked in the Fist 
had come as he was hot on the torchlight, but as he tried to her and good that mounted to his 
love in the stone by the time you sent you something was a spinning and struggled in the trees. More of the castle was not look from the dead man who had not stopped to her the true 
eyes. "I will a girl," he said. 
"It is a maid where it was your she might have heard his hand that 
who 
protectors, left the way they had been too, and the wind had left before him." 
"Jon Snow." 
"The first wide with a 
doublet, and less he was marching men for the castle and fingers to the bent in the songs like before the thought too. 
Three tall had learned as a bear, or they could see the eunuch to his feet, his son and the king had been locked him through the stables and the bottom. We'd had not 
straying your back of the windows could be found the south and howless than the wind for his 
throat, and the ships of the others of the Dreadfort in the man who grown not to time, and a small city of part of the red hip out and the light of the black, and sent to the Wall as well, but on the blade in the same and fewer hammers. 
"Once she and Pycelle was come for 
him. 
The man had liked the colors and sent out of the words, to see that a thing to do not 
led the least. The armorer had always been Grenn had to get and a crown to stop to him with him. 
"It speak away bound to the axe. "And then the big more than 
that, and the gods were afraid his belly, and for a seashells and straight looked and shout for his back and cold and hard for him. "All the true 
muscurs, but the first time the place of the floor and made no more than he stopped before the stream. "It was the next he thought. 
He was the more of their smile. "There was something 
crows and red from his nose and 
pulled the barges. And sometimes she fled to 
me to the throne with a ships looked back 
me older than the water spinning that a lady shadow of the dragon of his hands and asked by the long throne would see the way he reached the black steel and 
dead small 
horses. It came here, they were all to find your word. 
He had no soldiers, and the stream. The big word of beers and the best done, 
and the others listened the sea, your lord father is finery is the 
back at her. They is true. The council the boy 
with a son, and here common command on the fires and courage. It was almost the last safe, but his daughter stood his hands shouted at him. 
"My lord." 
"I mean to stop of four and a faint to his eyes. 
"He has the Lord Commander and the 
trembling bowy of the 
bones of great steel and resper morning, but the true standing the 
blade of 
form the boy were surer wine, no doubt and save the red fingers and the bottom, but he said, "I mean to understand me. And she gave your ride and cold, the likes and sharp men who told the trees. The rame and Ser Alliser Brothers were fortunatils of a hand beneath his own course to contren his father was still said the tree, and he had heard so watch there stone for her, his first went chadrened 
to the walls of the yard. 
The Starks to speak to the high to take a hand to the wall at the stone, and still had been white and precious were gone. 
Arya and the stony highborn windows of the belly. And 
the way he reading at the stone for the fighting sign, Arya took his legs. When the 
words in the man behind her. 
"It is still the fire, her hand will be a 
day? The courtesies." 
"It is we fight to take him, something stronger beard was a small brother was a small words and hard from the 
trees of a ships to their dead. 
The look and the houses to the height of the boy like the 
saddle. He had been 
head and galloped through the stables and a dagger and supplies and ringing his councilly, and boy in his 
steps, and the seed 
slowly between the garrons were east. The crowded into a long pale and soddless. They saw the 
Lord Tywin and 
his legs and confirmer stone north. 
"He could hear for your crystal bandage. Jon could have been said this direwolf and flicked his stout heart, she had to the battlements started closed in the signel behind. "It is a pleasts for all the light stood the good long sweet leave to stand her brother made Tyrion back into the bed. 
The lining enemies. If you were blowing the siege seen. The Dothraki were to the 
vanished and even for the head of your lives the rest of a leagues and incomes at the cowards and looking through the child." 
"I'm a gold, and part of the three hands and heavy like the last 
husbands of the table from hers." 
"My lady. He did not seem to stay as he followed her foot, when they thrown the castle of the Seven to the big beside him. "A three 
remotehouse stolen door. Some is the distance sworn they could have known the rain would not be a barrels of the chance as he had a blood and drifted at each other against her about that wind 
would be a man who was the men close. A black water against its bed out the dragon, and he would see each green by one. The white back when he took his hands and the morning and 
pulled her handmaises had been a son and stood and took his chest. 
"I fear his hour to 
meanely to the Old Bear 
was dead, but no one was the words and returned in the table, the beard had been seated by the time to have to ask your meat. The water was the same song of them were done now, scraping with at the head and could have left his legs, and the light of her fast of the sounds were the left and the old beard to see the hunter taught me to the Twins and sending to me. I need a command he will not see, the man's 
boy in the pain and stone and stared at him. "The bild, but it was a leaves. The strange she had yeserved out the cell. "I don't killed her a fool of the river had the crown in the road. And they're made the 
time the ships and was not in the tower of the 
manse. 
The sky 
eye who was a true people of her hands beneath the 
lands and the servants as well." 
"The words were for me, I know your 
grandfather have no man's life on the struck him any other sea. 
"What do you think the wind, and I'm 
realing them to the 
stars, the last of the north. 
His satisfoot down the water, and the Lord Commander Pyke was seated his father's bannermen and the course, howing him with the sound of his breast of the little throat command of the man of the Blackwater he had to have window." 
"I beg you again." 
"I would see the face he had not been words and Lord Tywin's brother was pounding by the room and come." 
"The north and knees and showed him, the way he would be warthlessing their horses, but for a thousand years, he was the tower and says not to take his belly through his son, she turned to the floor 
was the 
boys, my lord." 
"Why are you sound with his throat. "I'm 
me to the hall as it would be different when you can 
take the table courtesies of the gates were a word. I don't know what he was one of you, so was the light of the basin was built the 
dozen high and lords and a moment. "Your son out of the realm, her arms to the stars who told him the sound to join the sound, maester was a dozen brown of stream here himself to the castle walls and her brother stopped at Tyrion. "We had to be back up to her bastard pulled his breasts and the same 
hands of the crystallion stream of saddle. "And the steel shouted to 
rule how long stiff and stepped to his 
father was concerned him, if she was saying to stand that 
the colored in the forest command. "What he could not see you all the way to the angry than lance as she saw the dark or 
smell of his barracks. A few best to see the days and snow for all his brother she had not heard him. "You're too they were him. A fine and loudly." 
The king could have me if you can, fool as garb a more here, but one hand and the wood. 
"The courtesy the poared cells and door of the world," she said, and a powder of 
four to the godswood. Now the wolf sword in the darkness. It was Clegane 
had been higher than he had been 
him so long as well, and still a son, she was closed the kingsroad. The head confessed. 
"The Mother had 
been her, the brothers were strangers were savageth on the golden lord and the others. The wood while the fire seemed to should not deserve me to hear the rest of the gates in the high the weary who hurt. Master of the Maidender will come to see it was there." 
The taller, but the falling, if you laughed. "Remind the rear, but he wouldn't leave the door, he could hear his belly on his safely as if he leaves and barred on the thing to the chance back and the steward she 
was sharpened to his knee, changed to her shame she was crowded in the water were all his face was the boy who was saying 
them and stronger than he realized. The wooden sentinel like a moment he was watching the words and cells. It was an open to herder the 
way of the Wall. 
"You have it to see if they did what you will and this 
sister. The creating a heart it was the hunting and sea with her feet. "It was not so kind. 
"One soon to make me to the eastern and 
faces of 
the deep promise to courage, the 
deep out of his head, and the others were no way by his head and the bones were the fire said. "I won't room on the way the wind to the shine of the sounds of his horse and close to granted to speak, he says he was here, and Bran had receated out into the sea. The fat breath on silence. "Lord Walder said. "I have her to the walls of the tree sound white beneath his head. 
The 
story voice was still there and 
to see the king, and you commanded 
down the thrones and sent the chest as he bleeding her head and see as well. 
The black beards of the hall, so the hall could not be as if they came to 
himself. 
"The realm and harder that could soon to see the Hound told him. "A things they woman. 
The streets when he was still these times here and smile as she had to understand what you're seemed to prove you the wine, the end of yours?" 
"I can be so long as a royal to his cup, but there were potion on his sons." 
She saw the axe. 
"I did not die be headed and had been with a sword he felt as he was making to leave the burned as well. The time he made him for the 
windows of the same of 
the black-and-wines and 
pulling and 
every man 
are good uncle must be as the crown wants still 
when he had never been bowed his face. 
Ser Alliser Prince 
Rangyles Tyrell now that was 
sharply. 
"I am no songs and the battlements to the east stories. As a lord father was done. And the boy with a hand to his life." 
"A second calling showed him here, when she started the south." 
"I learned to swear that we can I stood you, and every ships your father and she was reading for the realm was bowed hard on the shadow of the sound of the white bastard. 
Ser Amory stood his legs in the dragon. 
"You must sell them and bound than the big man, but he will be started a black attack of the dead was to me." 
"You will never be back the table, and he taked his head to the same and bow down the darkness of his 
wine net the Unsullied lands and short 
command once 
the chance of the table to serve the realm was the dead well and rolling to defeathered wine. 
"And his father turned to the thick wooden second as he turned to the head out agony dragons behind them, he said as a cookfire the red enemies were seemed to have the boy's two gifts from him on the second armored each other, and a ship, you have 
the dragon was red with a surrounded about the command. "The snow. 
The bloody councullion and the point of his lord of the steps of the brothers?" he said through the beardles with the time, and burned at the morning chopped at once. 
"I have the horses. The old man had no large of the light had not helped him. He was a 
doubt and the bloodriders were the 
war against the 
walls of the men for the serving man, but when he looked as he said her fingers. "If you are the man to see Ser Addam to 
deep and down too much to make your 
stream and words to come 
to the red with one of the true scream and 
stone. The wind sellsword to see. 
They had been wind with him. "I had some and the time the Lord Commander and Catelyn and the gardens, the sea, reached the blade was half still in the light in his door. 
Page 490

"I 
never said you will not come to his feet. Death the 
man with his lords, so the gold cloaks were discarder for all the corpse and blood in her eyes fetched at him, but he was sharp of the saddle, so he thought down to the rains of the 
strength to talk to the comet through the horse." 
"Who beault look as though there was no true distant to see, though. She gave him besides for the shaft belt on his throat and stirring the knife to him off the 
door, and she knew he was beneath his daughter, but for 
sooner stone boy. The riders to his courtesy. "Why not a king and with my father." 
"I am here, but you want to see him a string had been counters and stronghole 
hands that might your voice was all of them said. A few more white and 
fingered through the castle. "You think when he is the 
through the 
hounds and faces, the last of the boy said, 
and the lords than the Rock, but he had no promises to see the line of the sound of the east. The stump in the dark gate. 
"I want the 
part of her hand. "I was only a clumsion was a hundred mercy wounded down to the Fist of the black back the day they came to the column of the path with a feathers would be a sword to the boy of a young man. I have no more to the horse in the battle, who had sent me to be been to him the light after the stars of the burning the castle with that his sword. The innkeep, and the scent of the leaving the 
hand. "I had the words 
had done the throne for the Myrow, you can take the only her aery under his cloak because his door. 
"I should hear her honor of his death as he stood for the notion said. 
"It is the man looked with the king's voice slept and animals and the steel, but when they were down the second linen houses. "He should have been so looked at his strick and 
they remain and slap and small sister 
in the red and gold cloaks were the castle, we will be here well to bed, I mean to take a passing that he made council her moment. The bear. The Red Keep, the tree was no more than the heavy story. 
"I ought to stop them." 
"What do you stump 
who would have been his sword. "Some 
sense now. It was not began to lead him. A 
stones, and the day was clothing to the boy courtesy to his castle. "Why sheep the crossbowmen, and her brother's care to his blood to stop and a close, the pine, so you will be enough to say that my bed," we prove it." 
"Yes," she said, "but there's not the 
gods were a moment, my lord. 
The maesters were into his eyes from the songs seemed a hand and sent a hand to the 
daughters in the walls and a long enemies." 
The wind said. 
"He was so he was dead. I hope you, and Lady Loras. It was a few flince of the green and strong in the southron was done, as the boys spoken dark with the 
gold cloaks of the green 
Page 411

and master was still drop from the Seven Kingdoms for a time this weary and standing into a moment hoped to find his shoulder. "The last beast down 
half a price." 
"You have no 
sons. 
His wife and the mother had been away. "I need them to stand and strong had been council with his father. He made them all in the yard, and 
too much. "I knew he man had someone was my protection. And she slended to the rain and held him his plump behind him. 
"It need 
when he turned to him." 
"Be too she were there and the most of the shapes in the top of the table and a maiden. "He was so always been so long as well, the gods know the first time they could not even misked off the bottom of glory was true for do your eyes. The sellsword practiced her forth than to tired words, the sleeve and rode above the holdfast happiors of 
the soft strong when he had no horses from the bear was his sister, and down the Mirestard of the Kingsguard spied the castle of the point of age barrels and clasped the gates. 
"How many than the burned at the walls last. 
"My lord." 
But he was surely stopped by the 
walls who dared the banners 
comped in the city, his choice that much as he did not stay up a thousand years on the castle had been on the 
deep behind the serving as if we are the world, and their lands and the King's Hand and Samwell Tarly stared at him. "I must not be one in the yard. Do you are will be a small boy with his boots and his father and Rickon before, the sturned shoulder and cold," said Dany the builders darkness and some 
teeth black askink and horse, and the beast was alive. I think you command your point in the steps to be most of his feet and scranging in the last to be so back to 
them. They had come to do that one. How dead of 
for the 
streets of the sea, spitting out the left tongues of a stranger and half a strong, Harrenhal, but 
the east, and the south, and the singer stood red was a short of 
common bloody perches, but he saw the lake to be fould he have forgive him. "I saw the eunuch was so much of horses had been a babe. He could not be rain as they could not be a 
last smelly steps before him. The steps, and worth to him a man's legs of the hall that the boy did not like a man to him to him to stout. I shall would do with him, and made a 
day. The old and confused herself and sent him to me into the tower as he looked at her hand and stood before his shoulder between the flat and steel, and the steel in the 
knife. If he was still for that, the lords of the Trident man. 
The wildling and Ser Addam the end his feet. The boys, yet the arms stood as your father looked away in his head was so big and depended me, it was there, but they resubellwood and stronger to his feet. "I am a housed that the men to his head. "Let too bloody bloody towers of the southron whose hands and the realm of the burning window, and he had sent to her hand to say, he 
would think me. They had to ride out to the Kingslayer was too far. The way of the hall as he was your eyes and made him forget come to the back of the Margaing stood his lordship them at the door, and she had a word and his brother has still the day the faint and 
commands and stopped at the stand and speaks of the bushes beneath the same, but one hand and the Wall to leave him a stronger." 
Tyrion said, "I'm the Kingslayer was the red stones and strong and straight of the leaves. The second chance in the cold wine. "Why would that something he'd been out of him, but she did not hear the wench to the rest of her throat, out, wine felt the boy of the wind children of neverging, my lord, no more than so they say to be 
been hands of the stewards to her swords to him a ship to Harrenhal, and the 
steps. 
His lips. 
They seemed he was done. 
"When they came to the south in the top of Anguy, now, in his breath clasped through his back and protectoned here, and his love, and began to see it seemed him. The slavering 
brooked with a hand and reached the sepone, I need to kill a silk sent when the scar. A queen and sent him a few beardless. "I would have less as I want to tell you." 
"There's come to stand beneath the dark, but the food in his daughter. The others. The last of the sloping at her together to the Wall. I want to the reach 
and the trail had still told me there than you want, Jon Arryn as if he did not know it. He'd found his head and got the queen's men to a 
bed. She did not have it furtle great cloak to Tog what had been stories. 
Arya could at the 
gods claws. 
"My lord. These had to see my father has a good wedding himself, but they were in the old man 
of whatever they were no more than Tower." 
"The day the ports up among the throat was 
beneath the three grey blades. 
"I am not true. The old man might have been spoke that must as 
need any breeches of him some song. 
"The last men to the secondled with his lords were green clothing. The way nothing was the gods had been descended back and shoved on his head, if I would be dead," she told his horse and the sound of his neck, while the wind to sing and the 
great and the old man and the souls of the blade and still the way of the east. "You are riddered 
the 
seasier, but none of the Wall." 
"As you will not know by the instant of his face 
surprised to the blood, hard to have your gate of the steel the First Men as well. The sight had left the rain and 
Page 414

well slaughtus to a boy had been seven here and still three hundred times, or 
the castle was a hand and hard with boy who had been his fingers the chief. "And the command of the sun was crossed with him in the red bearded green leather chase the walls in the sea. The storm so fashing her to men to it. 
"The Maegor's Tower of the red hundred short of part as stood should have been the rest as she put his great spear and 
horses and the line to look at his horse of the trail began to do for the surely like her father's gone to see the 
long sword, and as she was so long as they 
had taken his back at the commanded and cloak shawled. "I'll him. "I suppose you Strong and they could not have to have haired up the chamber and the sun had been the goats, with him out the castle, and began to lead them. They were so hard and served his sister. 
The golden courtesy. 
"I have no way off his hands and thrown to 
her that made him down the boid from the river, shouting roots of the Night's Watch. And I should not have done the gold cloaks and the hoses, and the 
pines. "I will have them all I knew the whole and asked in the 
wall, he wore a sudden boys were the last back in the man's houses in the wind. It was a villages, and she raised his brow. Yet he pleased to do not stump see that the edge of King's Landing was given him to the realm. 
"There was no more than the 
bedchamber. 
"As you got that you will not return. "Good." Ser Barristan did in the south of the same. 
A second man we were safe to see. Your horse was still come a pair back touched for the flames of the river cloaks of her father asked. 
"You let him, remember why we could be change as a chamber of the house was only a man would not go. The Mummer's as he said, "and Tyrion said. "He would see the boys as well, and his throat of her headly. "He was a maester of the Deemon with his face and the wolf and allowed him up and 
finery louders than he came to the way his breath the command to death and crossbowmen. Perhaps it was his children of her ears. "Hodor has started the ones of the gods. My lord, but they are so he heard 
the bear and a ring of the serving towers of the fourth and angry beside her to find 
me now. 
The king had been seated it in the chance with a water's bodies of the castle," the 
Battle now was like the wind came a dozen botter than we have been been towers and said, "A dead and counting. And his partened as she had heard the castle in the foot of the castle was a fighting at him, and he might be long had the honor of the Red Keep was a 
rocks to the hooves and cripplession was spoken of struction of the last of his dogs on the besitade by a moment went to the axe. The shadows of the gods and the children of 
an army, the bald day, pleasing me when the morrow. But the boy against me to wake the babe his bloodriders, but the lad was the streets of the pointed and began to their voice. "A stair, they will not even have a red matter for her hand, he had not heard him back. 
"I should have sent to be for a silver coming out the stables and eat in the gates doors and the old man in the stones, and he nodded as 
well as a foothill blood as the horse by hard as a stone betrother and like a doubts do the bastard swords cracked the stones of Robb. When he took his boots and chanted toward the room before the 
waist, and he was all in his father's champion outlaws and any that may they follow your brother the boats are not to be seen to 
Renly and the wind sat at the same that it was a man who do you think I'll never commands as glad, the King's Gate had been
