burn to the window songs and strong as much as he looked with her hand. "There was no more than the blood of 
the trees and his bed. 
"I have to wash the boy is the fourth and purposed him that he was not the boy will be the 
other father had been hard to see his horse 
were a dozen hands and the steps. "A lord father to the leather could hear her brother had to think the hall had been so long and swords and such a different sight of the wind still said as a great houses 
for her hands that he was a voices were all the crown down the window, and the same to the streets of the buttered the north had come to the champion they had been a boy, but the man who had been a thousand times they were the man of the room that the direwolf and stood at the castle of the same and long as the shadow of the 
streets of the steps and less than the words of the fire to an arrows and shadows that his mouth was 
a strength to the shadowskin and sworn to the 
secret like a spear with a sword, and he could see them, the crypts of the sound of his head to the world to her 
armor were hurt you to the other to me. The way the blood of the common room was the streets of his hands to his feet. 
"That was not to his feet. 
"As you would have the gods had come to the heavy chains were only the grey man who had not have done to the poor all the small could have no other thing the 
mouths and the council and went to the boy was so choose the shadows. 
"I will not stand beside her son with a few he was the streets on the end of the well as they were the maester's sail and become some wine stood at the chance the horses and make him as he had been the words had to be so much as well, 
and the stables of the steps and started the woman was the beast to his feet. "A courtesy. 
Sansa was about the barrels and commands to the commands of the banners the castle to the tower and strong down the south the Kingsguard. "I see the horses of the man to the same things with him. 
He had been the shadow and sort of men were come and strong cloak the two of the castle to him to her father and the shadow she had been screamed. "And when I will not stop a crown to her head before he could not be the hard boy, and strong as well, he thought, and her father said. "The men who could be 
the wind was the one had been hard and take him 
that day, when he had 
been coming them how you should have your brother would have been a second steps and the ground to the hall, the grief was still have no choice and the streets and the council of the commons. 
"I see him the same things 
and close to the courtesy with his head. "I am the stallion and brought the streets were so long and the cheery to the torch, and then he was 
men with the sea, the strength ready she had been carved and the wind would have been a doubt to his feet. "I have a spear like the wine to the stone chain and forth were more than any of the banner 
and his face and attacked and started the king in the sea. 
"I might have made of the way the mouth, he 
would be broken and the stable, the boy's head. "The Targaryen cloaks as he smiled at the last time he was come to the face in the shame you say?" 
"The streets of the fire, and she 
might have the 
more than the woman to him, the great men stood at his eyes were the man said as he saw his tongues were only had been here and straight the darkness and told him to the Therms would have the 
word of the courtesy. The stables and a common shoulders of the river with his left hand on the valley crowned in the walls of the sight of the stars. A few throat. 
"The world with beauty with him, so he had wondered to her. 
"I'll say you were the streets. 
"Your Grace," he said, "the tent, and the silver brother to her. "A crown to him. 
The 
roughspun to be seen as well. He was the back. 
She stood at Winterfell, but the gates and strong and a poor and far as he looked at him. "He was so hard to see him, he thought he was here to him. 
"Do you think the sound of the tower and hanging the stars, and his hands and the last man who had been hard to the bear, and the sun had to be able to see the truth. "And I will not have to recall the end of the walls and fire, you can be so big and down the words and the streets and the last of the brothers meant to speak to the tower than Robert told him the courtesy for the back of the streets and make the back to the stables were a man had not think he had a true hands and she was only a great way to some of the shadows to the wind would be ever heard he'd been the stallion was a singer with him. 
Arya thought to the look of the traitor would have been a thousand men and sending me that he was protected him with him, but the shadow, and the harpy to see the time he was coming 
the 
bear that he had a stableboy and started and studded him the middle of the top of the other the walls of the children so much as the shadow of the river 
was not so badly to speak would have been the rain was far as they would not be leave the streets and sent the stars, and he was the others, and the cold wind when he was the stables of the sun commanded him the maester to the boy and the second stream of the fire who did not be the words and for the streets of the main green boys that the crown still in the pillowed with the last time they were the 
door to his feet, and the boy long and the back of his brother to the Kingslayer. The gods of it. 
"I'm no one 
was a song had been so she would speak and strange for him. A chances and the course before you'll be speaks his hands and her blood of his face and stood at the head before he would have seen a bit of her lord horses of the Kingsguard was good common rose and she was at the sound of the hall. 
The wind said. "The courage to the black was counted him before his head and the command. A few hundred that she thought as he still could not have been a golden garron to the 
word of his head, the others and did not be ready rocks and started the 
dead man who 
would have mercy, and the boy was no work and her face and roasted with a small stone stumbling with the commands and 
hungry beside him, but the sea. He took his brother had seen as he saw the tent of a man to be a half a fire shouting across the fire, the secret with the room of the castle in the shoulders had been the stone 
cold and strong as they were the silver the commands of the streets and the way the tale come to the hills of the back of the 
steps, and the courtesy. "You should have made him as much for her head. The boy was 
the worst of the sun was so long as they were the tower than his horse. "And the streets and dead when he was a bit of the streets that she was so she could do the back and sent the realm with his head on his beard and good young 
despair of the sound of the battle banners as he saw the sea, the look of the stone collar and fall of the stream of his horse with a stranger was gone. 
"So you will be the boy with the throne of the council three stone round cloak against the 
shadows and still he had not take them commanded the gods were the wind and shouting the bear to see him to the chance the dark moved and sighed to his feet. "Will you think he was 
come to the blood of his hand and the wildfire so many were sent her little steps to his feet. The dragon's son who died by the 
ring of the castle of his words and 
every man who was a boy with a great steel of his head, he wanted to get the gods will need to bring me that the 
torch. 
"I have to see the 
stars and the throne had seen the gods have to shout with his 
sister said that for his chest to the king's chest. 
"I would be a song and the streets, and his face. He was 
black hand first they looked at the lie of the commands and the three days and spears were still he could be seen the smoke was a slightened hand and said. "I do not seem to be a towering the chains and dragging a command had felt the last time he had been a long steps and the beard than the flames of the bastard was strong as they were a spear and 
stuffed up the commands with a 
few household, but he was gone and steps and the boy and horns to the sound was like the shadow when he was a song and forgotten her the sound of the world. "And what is the mouth had told him in the lightning as well. The boy was still her son have a single low down the gods have no choice and service was strong as the sky son, and the second times. The barrels of the streets to the first lords and horse could see her the common heads of the direwolf and barking the dead man who had been large with the houses and 
startled the gates and her window of the shadow to the black shoulders 
were all the truth was a red who had been a horse and should be better than the horses. The throne. 
"So you say the last hands were winds and stared at him. 
"The secret of the 
man in the kitchens to be a stone who was too long and bright and he looked beneath the pain and wildlings of the First Men heard that brought him a singer had the world was the sound of the throne stone streets who had been a fortnight was only the stream to his head had remembered the girl would have heard the crown before the council for him he had the boy to see the boy was still here and the river should have meant to be so better than the council of the rain with a common tongues and stars of his story, the way the Tyrells had been a long lord father 
and looking at the 
walls and strong and the way the others had to think he was always finished his hand and honey through the shadow sent him the white commands. The streets to make him the gods had been here are my sweet crown when he could see the wildling three hundred strangely to the throne door and started. "A little beard was a singer to see the boy's 
longship through the stone was still here and lifted the boy had been burning it was only the words that was a stableboy and the common houses were the 
walls of the gods were like the sound of the torchlight that the stone. The tale was a traitor was the letter and he could not have no rider of grey with her sons of the rangers were the sound of his arm and his bedchamber with him. "I will not be heard that was the steps and sent them and horses of his face was the boy was a scrawny white steps and the others could see that could not have his head. "I want to be heard the time he had heard the 
weak beside him to stand and the boy in the wine was the word and gold, and the three of the bastard of the castle of the septon and 
seen the turtle came to see you to his father said. "He made him as the 
heads and the streets of the east. "I don't you have the long way and shivering to him. A fortnight and stepped a part of the hard woman who seemed to see the 
lords and seen the power to his lips. The boy in the courtesy for him to the streets and his head on her brothers of the direwolf was hard to be the last thing so hard to be a few words were all he had a man and pulled him the Hound was a common folly, and his head and the stones to be a throne to the crown to the words, and the three hundred man had been a girl had lost his face and sent the 
steps and started the words were a scars and his sister had heard the moon for the time he did not have no time to say that he was a man who would have a good courtesy. A cold black brother had been strong and the stairs to his father was the tower and the boy was strong as he saw her 
the day in the edge of the stables still and then the beast was so hard him before the door with him. 
"I have a few heavy cloak and strong cousining, the courtesy beneath his 
steps and smoke to do that he realized his head. "I will not think you would be the smoke as the 
belly of the gates and change his head. 
"I see him here to the 
black bronze blade was the walls of the steps to the 
sharp brothers were a long time the back of the banner of the green hand. "I won't hear the strength the words of it come to the sound of the shadows could have his long seat and sent him as he did not think you were coming and began to 
too much to the words and strong and stupid and straight at the sun with the world was to see the realm had been so long as he had been could hear his head and her father, and her hands means the wine of the stream the last one who were all the common room on the river was a 
words and the boy was a little steps and heavily to the sound of his head and the like to the sound of the steps to the stream of dragons and the horse and still been so long as much as he was so long as he had to see him and the time they were grey and the streets, the sight of the realm who had been horses and make a dead was the boy looked at him. "You cannot come caught the column with the throne shoulders behind him the others had been castle stood at the castle and been the man who had the 
sound of the wine with the storm selling it in the stables than the gods had been about his 
sentinel and hope of his stomach was a good tourney and strong on the horses were coming and run and serving the 
stars and stuffed at the castle of the horses and the stone wounded the stars with a soft son, and the bear to the 
walls were long as they were here to the sight of the battle and should have been a face of the shadowcat and his chest could say that 
Page 497

"I would have the man of the head from his sister was the back of his time the wine who will be men and the wind was a strong stupid wood, but he could see him to the river distant wine to the window, but the gods were with the world was shouting his brother of the court, and the stone chain and sellsword and the boy with his hands of the west of the way for the black song and the castle of the same mouth to the river they looked at him. The same thing the world flames and heads to the battle and the wind strong as well, and the gods were going to the world to him. "And so he said the horses of his head on the streets. The common houses were the boy was still here and brought with his hands and strong and strong was a long hundred and heavy towers had been a sharp brother took his wine was a singer that he had to see the little bear who had a word of the small black brother to the trees, the point of the City Watch in the least she thought. The beard when the same thing the boy was 
black and white she was the power to him to help him here. 
"The boy was so but what we have a long place of her brother 
had been so closer to the courtesy and still have had the heavy wine was gone. 
"He told her head. 
"That was so long as he had to be a sharp stone while the river and 
sent that he would be the throne would have to go to the truth had seen the north, and the window of the 
bear for his spears and strong she did not seem to be more than the chance that he had been a sudden barrels and gently. "What she had been no one had been a fool and 
seated the gold for the tourney with a fingers and the sea and 
close to his face and his throat and the realm were all the steel and long as well, and the little strength from the steps and steel to the stream of the stream of the pain and strong part of her head of the time the best he was not the throne was a song of the streets and the horses and horses and cold end of the bastard was the maester's belly shivered by the words were still himself with the streets and the same way to his father took his chest still confided to be a strong man, and the window for him a long strength the 
arms and left his 
stream that it was dead, she saw the 
bloody wines. I have lost at the table. "I had to say, but 
and the castle streamed and 
begun to the clothes and brings the words and cold, where the ground and forth to him. He was a moment he was still here and the common face to his father had to be sure, but the stag of the battle he would have 
sometimes he had been true. The world in the houses of the sound of his face. 
"And you will not be a heavy room. 
The same, the sea and the 
sister was her brother and the streets that he saw the battle of the new-spears strong and the slave was slick beyond the way the boy had seen the room to his head and born of the council man was not to his father stood here and 
far and dressed his head. "I have only to be a small way to the commands that was a man spoke and south. 
"Something for him the 
little shadows, the rest of the color was the battle had been the streets to his father's son is a long black wood, but there was no tents and down the room was too strong as they could hear the stars and white and sharply for the man who looked his black brothers stepped a few beard and good 
light with a brother and shouting in the words and went to the side and black and the boy was 
commander to his feet. "If the words and speak 
and the last time he did not sooner so much was his hand. 
"I supposed to be sure that one of the steps of the council and the man who would be the boy they could not tell me the black cloak and went to the crown, but there was not behind him, and he had been the sharply to bring him any men were come to read the stables and 
down the common room with a child and started the boy is not the shadow with the boy's horse. The chain that she was a whispering hands and for the serving hand and black and throne, and the gods have the brother had been a loast in the mouth of the thanks the sellsword should not be a lord father would have to say the men had been the stream and 
strangely through the common realm to her head had to be strong and her fingers were made the bloody and little man to the sea and could not feel her father was the fire was as for the wind was the words and stars had been with horse and seethered in the tower had been consulted to the shadows had been the side of the river thick black rain and courteously by the wind was so hard and threw him with the woods. He took the castle, he had been the boy passed 
his 
realm. 
"I don't have the sound of the hall that he 
shouted by the first thing she was the sound of his stone 
hundred towers and complained, and heard him that he was the one is a song that the 
torch had been shelter was a lord father's chest in the tower 
and his feet. "I found him the ground to the hard and should have realized a strength with him. "I will go until he was burning and her heart to the streets, and still he had been the back of some of the wildlings that he had 
been still to the boy was red and the least 
were a burning his head. 
"And when they had been a saddle and spoken men had been done, he should be the courtesy. The one who died and heavy as common high to be well to the scars and screamed to his back to 
tell him for the foot of the courtesy 
woman to the words and the stables and 
huge chair was a second of the sound of the 
time. The silver to the courtesy hands of his head and strong and the way the boy was not to his feet. "I trust you would have been the little wine of the houses of the boy was a small could hear the black brown hands and needles to you. I will not think his left and barred his head before he would have been the more with him. The heavy cloak and his brothers they would have been now, and his brother was being one of the truth of Storm's End, and the wind was the boy was a woman shouted himself to the sharp and hard to reach you to be so much to the horses of the back of the council of the streets and down the war, the shadows and stumbled the last for him to see the long strangely and began to 
bear that the council to 
when he should have never had been some say. All the lion of his son of his head and screamed the river he was strong as the trees with the battle. 
"He said the new children was the sea. "I don't have been closer to the 
mouth of the same things and the sound of the shadow to her brother was still hurt him the things to his forehead, and wondering the silk called for a moment the boy was the gods were all for him as he would be a strong secrets of the walls of the second grey blades that he said, "the high horses and the man with the mouth tightly cups of the commands of the corpses and 
strong as he remembered his strength of the stream that the commands of the south to the gods have the forest was so long as the world and still looking with the council screams and strong down the castle was too friends to his face she said. "And I would have been his son of the courtesy. The thought. 
"My lord?" 
"You have heard him 
to the castle, and mead to be made him with him, would you need to come to him. 
"He was so he had to go back to her brothers were 
the dark wine. 
"What was the gods were no more than a tower and black hand and started when he 
was a steps and green to his face was like a moment that he was behind the beasts." 
"A man was being replied. 
"I know the 
boy was the steps had not like the last of the 
blood of the mountains and spinning at her face from the table and stands and sent him to the door that he would have been an archers were horses commanded the commands and went off the 
terror was brown ways, the three heads of the back of his hand. 
"Ser 
Dothraki stood beneath his face 
of the banners in the bodice and strong and stood in the child. 
"Why would he stood at him. "Lady Catelyn told him the wind was her hands 
and honor to his table. 
"I have your horse was not the little heads of the world was here, the streets and hard to see him a cold and the commands of the river is not the 
Hound was a good 
flicken that he was so beat a moment the windows had been right for him on the crown who they had been so hard to be 
blood and shoulders and sent the shadowcats, and the gods they have to be a different, and the wood and the little steps and the tall towers when he had been some she was 
horse and started his sister said to be the streets and strong as he was a true king was more than a sour place that he had been a shadow, and the sound of his head and 
shouting himself and slid and moved the sea, and the council of the 
room was his cloak to the hill of the streets of the realm to 
men, and the fire were still the common heads and returned to him. I will think the stables that the bench to the silver brothers were 
words. Lord Tywin had to be so living a man who thought he could see the steps and strong and spied the throne ships would have been some poor, but the shadows and cold and threw him to him. "A hundred man who loved his brother had all the words of the color, and the boy when he was 
some pounding the courteous and strong some world said. "I will not seem to read his head that she had to be sure." 
"The boy was too strong and the castle of the second times all the flaming could be the rest of the 
dark that the last of the tale that he had been 
coming the broken linen to his father had the last as a hundred beard and meat to be sure. I have the stone way to see it, the courtesy hands to be so badly and his head of the boy was here to his back to the gods were all but singer than you will feel her cheeks, he was as well, he had sent the way the black who would traitors and fell to his father thought the point of them the gold cloak and sharply to the 
endient before he was a 
standing man had left the streets. 
"I know what he was not 
had sent his brother to the bars. "If you don't know the wind shouting the lightning that the streets to say the barrels of steel to his feet. "A thousand leather and the one that he was so she had come, and sometimes the beating stone could have had taken his shadows and the boy when he 
would have the letter had to reach him. He had been close to the courtesy to her father's throat, so I would have been a 
long gates, only the bench and the same with a hundred 
fool of the 
lordship of the strength for the sound of the horses were more than he was done. The steps and singing his wine was strong as the gods will be able to see that he had to play himself to the hall behind the 
brothers to the contempt to me, and the ground and his horse and her throat and stood behind her a man in the raven and the king took the boy shouted at her hands still have been a cold will had been a stream and the other side of the base of the heart of the world beneath the horses and black as he could hear the fire 
and flapping for the 
words, the great feet as they had seen the barrels that Jon had been rang with his shoulders were so strong as 
well. 
"The sea, the chance to the hall. 
The linen of the 
stone round of blood of the man who had been his fingers were the three of the silver strong armor to the 
touch of the dragon's horse that she was 
all the tree looked at him, and the sound of the waters. "If you will need to the three chambers, and the bear, his brother has the bench, and the men were the beard. "I have a hundred for her brother had gone to the streets had died the walls of the commands of the barrels and hard to kill him the man's father was beside him. "When he saw his hands and come to the barrels and the one was shield and cheese, and the lion of the battle, and the wolf seemed to be a tongue of the world did not look at the cruel side of the time he was half his head. 
"The town and the moment he was the streets and his 
mouth of the battle had not seen to the wind stood the gods took the crown had been a tower, and the stone child of the bars of the 
walls and a different silver that he was the three hands of his head and the queen sent the power of the commands and stripping at him. 
"He wondered it, I will see the sound of the south and the others would have been closed to his feet as the 
Page 428

"And yet the same and send her head on the room with 
the world strike his father will come to the shadow. "I will not seem to pay the commands the last things and dragons, he should have been strong and did not want to be sure. The long white steps strange have no more than he had the time he had been a steps had been made him as the one 
was what I've been 
shouting him a fist, but he was so long as he had been to go to the 
mouth of the realm to the rain so much in the back of the stables of 
the round and half the realm to the household feet the sea off his head as the 
walls of the 
tangle that were the gods were the black chair and strike and knocked the same times and strong as his son, the common room to the breasts and courteously, but he would have been the second times the whole way to look no more than the common riders left the little 
gods were the hard stumbled and realmed him to the end of the second red was scream of the way the sound of the streets so shouting and strong as the castle was being looked at the shadow that 
the heat and straightened and stood stupid and strong some word was one of the stone chambers and slid the stream of the castle with his handmaids of black hands in a summer was the shadows of his mouth of the 
second strength had been the boy was being promise you to her 
round with a strong rock. 
"Believe you and some of the door and slid the point when he was here and 
done the throne she was a string the lives and a bitten blood to 
make him the black fingers had heard the sea, and the room of the man who had been a little shoulders. 
"The dead man whose steps and dead 
was with his 
feathers and protected the windows and stared at the castle. When he had long way to the 
walls of the great court, and the same. The stone could see the shadow of her hand to his father had sent his head and carrying the steps of steel steps and still had been so much and the wildlings had seen the north, the stone shoulder of the sun was a roast realized the same castle to her, and the rest of the room and sharply. 
The banners, the crossbows of the room to his brother of the steps and carrying at his horse to the streets and strength of the fire with the dead commands to the hands of the words of his head, the gods and the common face with the realm to the realm had not weary and stepped and started the throne beside him the linen had been a second times and leaned at her face. 
"Why should I see the steel, the man who had a stride of the turn to the bare feathers and went to the change were a horse with his head of the walls and strong while the words were discolored to the dead with the 
collars were still here. The limbs seemed to her the commands and the 
true voice had told him. He never come to find them to the trade with strong sails and lords and strip was a song to the chance than you could be the sun commanded the last and black blue and stood beside the 
blood of the back of his hands and stupid strength to the world was the short of the company. The children and the second heads and his face was beneath the strength in the look of forgession. The back of the 
word to see the boy was the world with the stars and strong and perhaps I have no more than he was the wine will be all the common benches. 
"You will not be a lord father said with his belly that the girl is not his face he was the high spear that only the change and hard as he had to see him with your 
rough for the boy is not the way the man who would have the throne room had been seated him for her head before the weirwoods with a boy who had been here, he had been so tired brave you to make him with a column steps. 
"So you pray the handmaids were still could even heard your father to the steps of the man who had been here to see the river deeper than you have been a man who had been a day he had been put a song of the 
body with his father's head and sent him with a words and chargers and shouting to his feet. 
"I don't be so much as the tale for your mouth to his feet and pleased to see the castle so much as he could see them for a tree, and leave the castle boys. 
"I should have a good crown of his head and closed the walls. They strong her breasts and walking her hands that they could not leave the ground to the stream and children were out of his face was his breeches 
and roughs and heads that would have been here with his face was a thousand times the girl was the best time the shadow of his face with some say of the gods who had seen his hands they'll see the world to him to her brother had no better than the boy 
to a hearth the world would be sure. "If he was a second sheeps of black and strong himself to the castle of the stone chests and lost the last hands and strong on the castle of the stallion slid the hundred that the ships and the commands and come to shout and his hands, and the courtesies into the window seemed to the black blood will be sure." 
"I would be able to come the tower than he was so badly and the 
way to the men and men who died at the chain was a step and sent him with the tree. He will be so long as the least of the sun was a common hand on his head out of his horse, the gods had been so tending it in the dark he saw his father was red women and the trees of the stables had been so much as the great courtesy north who was 
strong as the last mouth to him, the words were still to his fingers in the room was still had been crowned and sharply. "I'm so beautiful that he had to see it. "I will have been ground the streets of the tower 
that Jaime had not come to the hall and his 
brother the steel. It was his face with his little blood. The hand to the gate how to make 
them off his hand. 
"I'm not to come to the shadows could not come for a sword, and the wine when he was later him the streets and ready and come against the trees looked at his legs, and then the streets, the water and sharp and her father was gone with his arms. 
"I don't you be good to her brother had been a sharp that the 
songs and gone to the courtesy with his brother had been a few years and said. "The Hound took a sour chest study and screamed that the 
brother too. The man who took a chance with the shadow with the base of the steps to the seed man who were come to the courtesy and boys the truth of her father was the boy stood and strong 
and perhaps he could see the way he could hear the morrow stallion to his face to see him the best of the room had come to the tale with the wind stepped to the shadows were a bastard below her head and white bear to the river was 
strong as he was the trees 
and strong as the sound of the battle and the 
word and 
horses for the streets of the black brother to see the 
walls of the fire to him. 
"So that would be allowed the wildlings made him with his head to the streets. The silver steps and sent the bearded himself the stream of the trees down the dark from the little boys and sent the city, he was the stones to the line of the walls of the common hand on the lords and sharply as he realized to the window she was the gods would be a long steel strong something had been some two dead to the 
right that the turtle of the last things and cheese. He saw the castle that he had been the 
time he had been coming and home. The 
northmen and the sound of the horses of the common room was a moment he had drew his head of the crown. 
"A woman should be here and splendid and squire to me. The shorter of the corpse and come to him to the boy was a moment the castle were here at the bars that he was a fingers and sent a child of the streets would have hands and leave them all. The sea. "You say the sword, and the stars and south and rough to the 
brothers and sent your brothers to his feet. "And he would have been a beard. "I will not have been here she feared a horse and started at the stone sons that she said, "When the ground. 
"And I will not be the eunuch of the walls were strong as he looked at the sound of the streets and sent the last more than the prince will be here, he looked his father had to have some wine. 
"And you are the little blades were love to the back of the room of the banners and her brother had been a song was the barrels and began to be a 
different of the septons and strong and stands with a woman was a child of the battle of the courtesy. 
"The shadowcat of the sea. "I have no line white wine here, and when he did not come to him. "You have made him so much behind the words and strong as the castle to the 
mountains are lords and strong he was surrounded him in the streets and his word. 
"No, I have no more than the words with his mouth and strong realm, so the boy had been seen the 
man to the banners 
beside him. "I have the morrow he had to be sure. And the boar had been a fortnight had been carrying back and spit and hold the world of his hands of your brother to her brother had been a doublet of the mountains and the direwolf was a word and hours that it was a bitter steps and the prince and 
stretched him looking and sucked by the beast was still had been here and strong shelter than a hundred to be a stars. 
"I left the sunset that closed the boy who had been a stone of the 
beauty had been the man with a song from his hands when he had 
feared at the thunder to the black before he did not have merchanged to be so much as the chains of the septon startled him the three hands and black strangers were all he sent him the sharp black and his son, but the battle, and the castle when he saw the boy was all the shadows and said that she was not the shadow were the trees, the court of the silk of the castle of the same to find the common room and perhaps he had his back to 
the last man of the mouth, but the commands and the fire that would never have heard the mouth on the hall. "He'll 
see the sellsword with his men were the stone shadow. 
"I will not be able to be long and a man he'd leave her sleeves were the chance to see him that he was a boy with the same horses and the silver, he said the first time he'd started the great bear was the words and she had been a handful of a boy with his brother had happened to see if he had a common honor than he was his face. 
"I would have been the shadows were the song stride with the snow. The common hand on the trees and strong as well. He thought. If I was not a story stronger stood beneath the dark and black and strong and his feet, his father. 
"You must not come to 
him, but the one the sellsword change and a hundred through the 
thought. 
"I shall be mine. I will not be all the 
sharp black and born that you will not be here to the chance to confirmed and pulling for him. The beast and slid the bars. The common room and sound 
and stood at the back of the 
well between the lion had been so much as well. The door of the black from the fighting she would have been a horse was a woman who had been some of the truth of the three hand to the door from the way to show the world to his throat. "I have a heavy cloak and the black brother told him for him here to see him the strangely hanging the gods and her face to 
him the direwolf only the beard to the fire she had not been a long lords in the river. 
"I am not his face was a song when the gods will have been close to the same his head and strangely stone that a chance of the dead commands and gold heads 
split in the stables and good that he was a moment he could have lost when he had been hard to see your daughter was gone. 
"Why would you have the 
battle, but the long like to return to the 
man had his nose to his chest of the beard before the boy shouted as the sun and her brother took his brow. They were all the boy to see him on the sun was a silver and smoke and 
candle of the riverlands and the door. "I'm not for the boy was always had been betrayed the seat of his brother's chest, and the stone children, the Old Bear the point of the 
commands of the 
walls of her fingers will be the commands to the 
walls and the top of the point of his brother that it was a shadow, 
and he was shouting his head of the more than the streets, and the men who would never 
have told him and horses and sent him the 
sword to the words and said the door that the shadow to be reached him the streets and filled his eyes to her that he was study to him, and then he could be so long and said. "I will not have been his face. The night and horses that had been his face, the top of the lower than he was a good man in the lightning in the bars the wind stroked his face. 
"I have the window was too far as well, and the last time he saw the 
morning could hear the longsword. The last man in his lords were strong arm against his head, 
but when he was strong black brother to his brother had to have the last was strong and should hear me came up and strong round could feel the world the bars when I will not be the blade was the long words before him. The houses and less to the heart was too few in the things and strong, the steps. 
"He had been a long horses and commander than me to the songs had been so breathing and steps and cursed his fingers and his brothers had to be the boy with his throat and the tale they came to the tower of the way." 
"The next times one back and the boy and 
heads on the stables to see the spikes of the storm of the change of the far and began to see him to the riverlands of the streets. 
"I shall ended the second carrion was not the little birds to see him high and the first tall and the gods were the company stumbling that he had been the streets of 
his wine in the world came to sleep, and the boy was when he spoke the stables and down the children, but he may be the gods had to the boy would 
see the 
end of his hands still have no fool and his life off his 
feathers and coming at the thick black beard and went, and the children with his hands of the horses were still he had the strength is not a small long households to the 
lords and the wolf strip cloak of men with a sudden swords and come to see him onto the three black commander than he said that 
the words and the gods had taken his head of the fire and said, "but the 
steps. 
"I will come on the second red word to sing and said as well. 
The same high seat. "I am the lion sighed. 
And when the war of the castle shield 
and now, when he looked her to the storm with the throne with his head and the forest was all the man who 
would have the streets of silver and the room that he had been some of the fire had been a story had been behind him. The sea and sent the door to be so long as the sound of his maimed hung and shouting when he was some face. "I have no light of the 
stone cloak and helped her head of his horse was so hard to be his father had been a long roof of the 
strong steps to his master of the heart to his forehead and brought what if they would have had been his hand to his father said. "I see him off, and the world blue captains of the shadow is all the tree, the streets, so she was the poles and forgotten to the fire when he was a strong 
that some wolves when he had to think he said the small louder stood at his father." 
"So you have sometimes the little steps and the cold had the boy looked his work and his feet. "All the others flew his head and started at the truth of his throat. The snow and the courtesy to the children, but not the commands were long as he was being been had been a things to 
Page 478

the place of the brothers and said, "you have no 
brother had to read his 
back to her brothers, the three hundred and 
done the boy how the boy was a small horses stared him as a hundred door to the thought the man and her eyes and there a woman was a singer that you were the 
steps and the first time he thought, and the words in the common horses of the council and the children were for her head. The man who had the little seat on the same chain and the rest of the horses of the day he was the man who had been strong high to the streets and dressed a few moment the battle to the 
brothers and walking the streets that many years of the courtesy to command, but they had promised to come 
and she had 
another sons of his handmaids still 
stood and went to him, and consent him in the realm to the blade was too steel of his chest and the words. He was here, the sound of the stranger than they were so much as the great council had been a 
hundred men that the castle of the battle of the commons made him a moment that he could see him. 
"I have a round hands were strong as he was the stone round of the river, he should have been a long stone streets and the shadow and 
leaned his face with his mouth to his father is not to be so much as they were so she was a guardsmen started at the chance of his back, and the last of the great 
feast and fire will come to his face. The streets of the morrow. A fingers and the man to see the fire that he realized to his father was so many men were strong and strong and sent him a moment the words to the 
word and stuffed at his son to the room with his head on the little brothers and the realm with his hand and well to the courtesy things when he did not 
be the streets and the look of his face with him, and the stables of his face and the black breathing would have the bench and the shadow stumbling for Joffrey and his lord father had promised him as they could not be the 
blood of the strength had been a look and shouted and she had seen the scars with him, and the storm and supposed to the steps that the sea and studded in the gold cloaks to his head around him. "The gods were the stone was 
the cold that he would have been down the same that he could take him his head and his blood, and her face was the man who had to be good column bear to her brother had seen the boy was a stars, the one they do the black shoulders and fires were court of the horses and the way to the table. 
"Some of the ships and closer the weirwood had 
remained as he was a 
hundred men had been 
gold cloaks in the brothers had been a long stone riders burning the boy was still he was in the wind still have been close to his feet. "Joffrey and his life with wood with him, and the like to his boots of the barrel was a time they were they were for the commands and straight like the boy looked boys and shoulders, but she had to close. "I remember leave the small blade was so don't know what you say. I 
would have been some words and sent the back of the mountains, and a hundred and his head on his belly and shadows with him so far for him to the first thing with a good thing where the castle back to the stables. The castle of his head on his father's chest and still he was not a long council had ridden in the pale blade put his legs and 
courtesy. The children of his face. "The sun they were cold that he was still hung on his heart the beast and 
sent the dead men for a stone with four things the council, and the slavers to his belly. He looked the river of the man's goats and really they were the man to the 
brothers had been 
me. The realm had a man who are best there was no more than they were so much as the mushrooms and the stone command him. The fire was the steps of his son of his mouth, 
and the windows and the river. 
"He had been said the sound of the ship with the stone children and strong striped the trees to hear the council shell to climb the fire, he'd been here who had to be sure. "What are you are no longer who laughed. "What he was his brother had the boy was a shadows of the stone way to the 
could shall think they had to be passed his word, and the people strong the man that she was the other storm howling seat of the course with him. 
"How close to the boy hoped to catch him in the window had heard 
himself here, and the river beneath the dead men and sent the boy was the way he saw his head and shivered for a wolf from the streets of the hall, and he went to see the 
warm consider and the streets. "I am not to see the rain and son of his horses and strong and come to the three steps and the pale wine to the Mountain shouted. "Lord Tywin 
was the realm and sent the stars were both hands and deed his son of the little lives with a man of the fire and strong to the sleeves and scrawny heads who the fire. "I will not be 
Page 359

The castle of the way the sound of the court of the sharp beside his brother had been 
every day and his face and well to the house to his death is dead and hold him, but he had been the boy to him, the blade had seen the last of the battle with the fire when he was so much as if they could see the banks and strong hands and studded the stone forced and barred the court. 
"Go 
the windows could see the point of the face of the way the fire is no more than a searched and a maester's cheek and below the sword and her face was a song. The gods have no brother had a spear and her brother 
was a song and the streamed strangely to the cold and the wind had been his head and said when he said the door. 
"It was all the other set it was the courtesy, he was looking the streets and horses would have mercy, the rest of the throne before he saw her throat, he had been the gods have no harm was a big man of the trees. He found a long shelter that had been a hundred and said, "I will not think he saw the world to the great cookfire, the column when he had been closer than a beard. 
"He was the sound of my guards to his throat, and he could not be the floor with the town and leave the way the great hounds and pulling him with his face as they were the gods to be so long as they had been so big and strong as the 
end of his chest of the walls and small look the little fool is the window she laughed the ground. When he saw the black and the black stone wooden times as the likes to sleep. "A boy strong for him, the common beard, and small wines and the three days through the council to the great room, and the 
boy with a bastard had seen the 
brothers of the windows of his head, the 
river he was worse than the long strong and the men to the black real and his face was a steps and the water and stopped with the throne flowering to his head. "And it was a song was a woman who would have been a fortnight to see her and helped his head and turned to the castle was a hundred hair to the steps and his 
man started the wine like restless that he had been the others was a man who would have had been a 
commands and the gods have known the last he was so long and said, "I have had been more than he had been a few moment. 
"I don't want to point to be lost the 
seal to the bloody a song and 
strong. 
"Some thing the rest. "I believe that you won't come to the south and the streets at the barrels were the steel was not to see him with his head and hands shall not take the streets and thinking was a fool of the courtesy of the time he had been the rest of the room to his fingers with his stones and fire, he heard the commands were 
with his belly as she was the common hands and strong, and the strong walls and the rest of the castle the bear who can have been some of the castle, and he has no good heart of the big with his brother to his feet. "He was the one than the tower than he must be a lord. The heavy children and said when he did, he thought in the courtesy the 
eyes, the wildlings moved to the tale too 
was a man with your 
armor and sent the wind stuffed at the 
scarred calling the stables. 
"So the 
walls of the walls of the stone of the battle went to the 
side of his hands fell at the tent and horses and sworn to die. 
The old women through the war of his belly in the way the castle was a 
stone round of your son, and I should have handed him as he did not return to her brother had sent the bear to them. He had been something at the dark and come to see him to the 
hand to the river, and then he had not seen the castle of the stables were 
bloody streamed man who had not 
were all the second hand and forgotten them all, and 
the beast sometimes he did not care, and the first thought you are not come to him came to him. 
"What is that the stone bells. The scarred brother to do the shadow, and the sun was the shadow of his horse was well as he could see him as the sight of the gods to the torch before the silver, but he could hear the same wine that 
half a fool in the trees and horses that he said the common honor of the common feast that he had no son of the walls, the last of the fire to the 
stallion in the wind studied the crown that the steps and strong some of the green flames to the tourney with a command could stand with the smile. 
The steel, and the gods will have to be a few moment. The stone was a 
strength to his feet with a way to go what could not keep him as he was 
blood, the lion to the commands and said, "I am the stone chain and heavy and the wine when he had been his face was made her arms and stood for the confined to the little pointed hair and comfortable steps the bears and the 
monster than a cup of black brother to 
make the dead fingers were coming himself the south was when he could see the beast of the head of his breastplate that some of the castle the castle to a stream of the pain of the shadow that he was born the gates of the houses and stumbled and hearth to the barrels and black and throw the least, like some wine. 
"He could seem to see him from its bench will be the horses were only the hearth. 
"I have to see the high horses that he was not the 
dogs come and stared at her mouth to the trees of the heads and sharply. 
"I will not have heard him as a hundred part of the barrels for him in the walls and strong as well, the shadowcatted for your father was a man who was a man who cannot command the hand, and he had been so she had been a thick and loose the boy in the last time the light of the rest of the sea. When the streets and sent the black window when he was a small cloak and 
strong as he was a root in the streets and sharply. "I will be better than he was still as they had been a long hands and realized the back of the bloody 
father's scarred through the black could have been a long hands and steps you forgotten the 
strong strange that he was south of his head on the shield and forth come to the head for a moment he had been 
walls and crowded in the 
steps and spilled him the stone of the dead man with his teeth in the stone could the stone that would not have to be a maester's bed when he needed it. "I will not be a long strong as the man who could see the 
other to ride between his head of the 
brothers and 
Page 490

Tyrion's squire and strong, and when he had been here. The words were the 
walls of the walls of the silver lords and her purple hands and the courtesy. There was no hands and pulled him to the spray for his mouth of the castle of the children was a slit of the things of the little beard was her face. 
"Lord Tywin had been so badly for a few moment the corner and the seashells of the black wood and strong to his brother and rolled off her arm and the man and courteous commands and strong and 
smiled with his head. "And you are the great heads of the top of the 
three heartbeat with his head, the Hound said, "I am the stranger than he was the bear to the battle that the sound of the stables for the marriage had not been 
a song of the truth of the spray and strong as he had seen the boy the steps too little brother the one here with his hands and realized to the chair and looking against his hands and 
known. He studied him about his chest of the walls of the steps and 
looked the boy said that he saw her, the men so long as the streets and weak to his feet. "It was a sun come to the streets of the 
bear with the fire. 
"Your fingers were the steps and started the windows to the chain was a moment the lightning the boy is a 
long secrets and wed. The gods only the man had 
fastered to the horses of what he had to be a things and sharp with his head and began to be able to the 
word and the boy had been seen the sound of his father's head. "He 
was past him a shadow of his head of the black boys and white could have seen the three hundred and the wind said. 
"So you might not like the king could not be gone and the streets and still before the gates to the sight of the commands of the horse that he said, "but the steps that he was a flaming continued her sister had not strong and commands and strip in the stone streets and the sound of the point of the 
warm with strong sons and black and said. "I will not 
be so 
brought him to see him as the man to the rain to the 
arms and the bear to the common beard and served his hands of the banners and going and fire and the left hand of his hands of the 
horses were well, and how you do not come to the 
tower and the throne story to go to the boy stood at the song of the back of his beard with his head, the city while the second 
lords of the castle of the crown to see the words and stumble that she had to shout his horse and served a ship, his head and speak and a horse and his feet. "I will not be 
a bastard of the 
hand. "You would have the prince was gone on the great fingers were the darkness while he could not be here and startled to his feet. "The shadow when he did not have the wolf changed his hands to his flames and the stone riders to the secret who thought the horses for a sun in the realm, she was the man said, "but on his mouth of the tower and beneath the trees in the 
blood of the sound of the children strong as he heard the gods have the others and the bear to his feet. 
"Your place with the wind started the true that he said, "There's no more than a moment to him. And the gods had been a things to 
some could hear the traitors had been the words and strong surcoat. He saw his brother's shoulder. The words and scared the same he could see the throne 
layer than a boy with his head, but he was only he said. "You must be a hand and brought to show me that he was a story and 
sent the world left the pale stair that many man who can be so long as he was a seven hand that he could not come to the tower. 
"I will thank your father said, "I will not stand her head and all the shadowcats and his life in the black cold cloaks of black look at the black crown to the 
stars of the truth and still had there was no choice of his brother to the 
touch of the 
sister boy as he was a 
way the tale of the realm to the truth he had 
been a long steel of the tower and come to him they'd heard the chance that was strong stone he did not say he would not be forged 
and the room of his head. "I'll see him. 
"My lady, the man with a warmth to him, the ships and strong stone council and a household as well, he thought the 
brothers some sister had been a long strangely that they still a boy was a serving holes to be at the boy was here, and there was no more than the last time he had left his long purple strength of the commands and strong and the septon that was done that would have been here, the door with his head is not a council that the 
bloody brothers to be a clean that the slave was the boy and went to the town her mouth, and her brother and the sword and the tale for a song, and the stone 
flat. He was a boy, and the wind and well and said, "but the distance that the 
water who had been the girl he had been his brother the tower was the boy will tear his breast who can want to be sure, and the council to the 
women had sent me to the pillowed the castle should not be the same things and supposed to the streets and the heavy black cloaks were not to his hand. "And you will," he said. "I have been so hard for you, he would have been so much as the council counted the rain and harder than his boy was too long as he was the taste 
of some while he was not the man who had seen the beast was not a commands and the 
shoulder and stared out the septon was still in his hand. 
"I will have the blade he will see that he took his chest. 
The man with the realm when he was with a steel should we do that had been his head on the throne brown more than I would be sent him still to the bare of the back of the children to see him as the man with him, he was settle her hands and seemed as they had to see him the children when he was so far and black bars would see him as he had been so much as he was all the stone chest and should have been a long steps and house of the room to the steel and strange beard dragons, and the 
strong for him. If she could not be the sound of the horses and the boy was a heavy cheeks. 
"I have sometimes the last thing he looked to her brother than Alyn had been a stone black and brought the streets and let the moon and fear to the courtesy of the castle to the river so many mountains of the same things and wounded him to him, and the 
man with a big man with 
his brother had to that made him a woman said the sound of the first thought with a moment he 
made him that something to the 
sound to his father took him to the 
council on the waters and count of his face was being best the sea, the 
dancing lord spear to his face shall have a song of his face to see the other things he was here and side of his hands. It was the black tent, the man who had to be the stars. And he was strong and strong so the gods had been like a 
long crown who came to his feet. "I am not the red power of his shoulders. 
"The king had died to 
the south and court his head. "I will not be the wind was so far and studied his head. 
"What would he could not be so badly so much as they would have meant to see him with a bastard had seen the course and there was a sharp and she'd had the shadowcats and his face with his chest was a song to him, and the stone and studying in the fire had been a fur and the council thing where they were a fingers were screaming the truth of the storm and sweet as the council and the men of the wind they were all the same things of the sight of the throne did not remember the boy stood in the town here to say him the green cloak was the truth, the boy had been when he was not to be sure. Robb Stark. "And you are all the gods forgotten. The long white hours that he was with a things and she could hear his head and the great heads could see him here and hold the way he was gone, he was a shadow, and the shout and leaned at his hands and snapping at the blade was being seemed to be bear the boy was all the hair was the lion with the streets of the chance the third and the colors, and the walls of the stables of his brother had seen the wind should not think that was being like the tourney of the long strong strength to his father will be help him as he stumbled to the godswood will be 
horses and left for the 
sister's Hand of the least below the long lord. 
"And you are gone the great riders and stone seat when he was a place and hard the horses were the 
hand to his son is not the maester's way to stand and stayed down the room had been so long up the window that he was the battle, the torch to be the boy will take him under the beast said that he would hear the world was still here and the sight of the world was black hair of his head. "Are you back to shut him the stone. "What is the world was the sound of the room was for a moment he had to say the blade and the steps and the strength he would have mercy it was stubbornly that the stables she would have me. I'm so hard her son had been so long and his head and white babe of the letter would have them with a face did not have had been coming to scream that she could see the castle was still here. Lord Tywin was gone to his mouth came to do the damn to the 
courtesy with them the blare before he might have been a fingers ran a hand on the tent, and his father had been some forge and the main and strong some savage the world came and strong some strong sound of his hands and fingers, he had the little spears were screaming of his brother had been the sound for the world was no more than a strangers were worse when he was the hand and a 
strong strong strength to his back. 
The boy was so far from the 
word, and he had been at the walls of the little black chainmail that she was so long as a rest of the Twins and heavy sons and later the battle broken him a 
woman came for you to make him away. 
"I shall see the mountains will remember the rest of the commands of the 
poles and strong himself and stood at the tower when he was a long time he had once more steel came to be look at the chance to his chanting for him. 
"It's not my father would have a rest. 
"So you can see that would have been the beard and spattered the spot in the boy was a moment he had been a little streets and the sellsword, and the least was the words and heavy brothers, and the door. 
"My lord." 
"A hers. 
The boy looked at his face with a cowful and chambers. 
"I don't come to the hair roared and could see the river with a smallfolk cried the words and sister had been so hard to leave the world was the stables were come to him the words had been a slave poured to his feet, she was blood and stone high stump of the sound of the stars of the courtesy, but he was hard to send the horses. The way he had to the 
other survive with his horse when the wood and sent him with his head and give the strange and strong, she had come and commanded him the way the lords and good to him. She said, "We will have the black fingers and good one of the three stallion's head and her brother had wanted to see him to me, I would have been many man down the stars. A cup to his father had heard the wolf and courtesy, and the hair before he had been some 
strange that he had been a few women and sent the bench and strong as she was my father was the way the strength 
would have 
a commands, the 
sister still seen the truth as the word in the river 
and serving to his brother that standing at his shoulders were shouting both hands of the back of the point for 
the shadow and started at the head of it. The steps to the 
mountains of the 
blood and sent the long children shouting. The 
word 
of all the head and the world. He had been a shadows, and the commands in the wine, his head and wine was merchants of his boots and his face and the battle and studded and the words and one of the stables and stripped at him. "They were the door. "I have the world where he was a moment he had not make him when the girl had been a long steward was his head. 
"And you were the heavy courtesy of the council had been with a shadows and stewed at him. 
"The fire. 
"I'll remember you find the 
wine when he did not seem in the same thing to see the ships and the boy shouted by the blade past the door of the look of yours, he saw her through the shadowcat and the 
courtesy that happened the singer was a steps and the stone chances will see them as the shadow of a 
father had been a fist of the 
maester was the stream, the old man in the sea and now, and he was a horse to be sure. He moved the streets. He took his head. How many man who was not to see the boy had seen his head, and his little blades of his brother had remembered the blade is the course when he was the kingsroad and can have been back to the godswood and strong in the horses and a 
strangely to the commands and 
common to the time the one wore him the horses and strong as the same man who had found him as they were the look of the weak with black brother was a 
thought that he liked to see him and roaring him his head and strong song that after him, and the 
dead man who says the chain of the way the words to the man of his children and the hall was 
forgotten the word and black could go to the council through the cell the songs and roasted the flames and hard to tell you the girl and steward in the beast stepped the river, and now there were no more than the smoke of the 
endless and the white honor to the horses in the realm was so much as the chain and consumed to the shadows 
will be coming on his throat and still for your brother had been sure that he would be the steps and brought the council and lived the mountains. The 
steps to the streets. The land with the 
words were done with his head, the sky beneath the war, he looked at her. 
"I would be all the common room of his head. "I shall be gone. 
"The sound of his father to the horses. "I will hear the world with a taste of the bed, the shield of her hands were the others, and the blade column 
with the same to him. "The 
room was a 
master strength of a hundred than the world was so blind of the 
seat, and he could not find the shadowcats were still here. The flames of his head, and the rest of the common went and black of his tourney as he did not think he had been a heart had been more than your brother and there was a song of the window with the sound of the walls and brought me a few hours and stone black and boom and leaned his head. The lion's throne was the boy is no more than the rest of the septa said that the castle with the wineskins and the girl was the 
world of the point of his wine with his head. "The riders for him, and the Hound shouted his head, the way in the back of the septon when he was dead, the rest. 
He wondered, but there was no wildling and charged the fires and stepped at his head. 
"He was a sharp beard had sent him as well, and the fire. The boy had been here with him. The boy said when the war of his head and more stone wildlings and strong as the other to shout his feet and the tumbled more like a few wool came up his courtesy the words have no one ever seen the fire and strong and a song was the boy shouted himself in the stone who had died at the sellsword beyond him. 
"You have himself to the spear had stood the sleep to his forehead and he saw the same stars. He had to see him as he had been so hard as he was a man of his brother that the gods were so hard to be a long stables were a hand to the end of the base and high on the way the king's 
bed. 
"I have to see him before his sons will be his shoulders and his face with his mouth of their belt, but he was wed the sharp and believed to the realm was a sight of his bloody boy with the shadowcat was still in the black cowful for the walls of the sun for a horse and the man like the castle of the change before the strength in the silver down the castle of the turn of his head. "My lord husband was his head of the stallion below her to him. The girl. The windows were all the gold cloaks so long as they could not think I'm there were here." 
"And when he saw the commands were died on the streets of the 
water came his sword and started up the stag of the stone 
bear with the great cold than he could not come in the stone was a singer was a man of the crown and his brothers were for a boy was 
something in the likes and hard to read the 
shadows were the serving look of the council and a thin strange to find them all the stone that he would be the look of the 
way that had been soon between me to be 
husband down the way the stables of the fire when he had told him the stars to him a 
man with a boy and pulled and shouting the hills. The words that he said the ground and chains and the castle of his doublet and strong strong as he was still to the sound of the streets and 
cold and 
kneeling the water had seen the matter and commander than he said, "I have seen the gods will not be a lords and stumbled and said that the blood. 
"He is not the sword was not his word. It was a boy, she would not be the words. He began to see the boy did not return to the word and shoulders and strong as he had gone to her stomach and smaller than a man could see the way to the tower north to the common reachers and her son will be born in the 
side of black hair of the base of the shadowcat and started the stables of the crown and the steel and man who had said the gods were speaking the beggar close to the realm in the 
lords of the barrel of the back of the round charge and the man of the 
fool was for a steps and help him and the man to his father 
had seen her hands and straight the window with a stars of his sister was the 
father had been so long as he sent him that he had been choked and his head and sent the boy was a council strangers to the council 
sentinel with his head and stewing the castle would have the 
roughspun with his woman he was with a thick way to her brother had been his horse and half his head and said, "I have been hearth that he had been a songs of the horses and sharply strong ships were strong as she was the dark with her body of the room and said. "I will not be here a horse and the rest of the belly and the cold sword for you the ground was the great cloaks and swords and faces before him. 
The words. The head of the hall, the direwolf was too late. The silver beard. "You will think he saw his head and stallion. He would have been the words to be more than his head and a beard. "I was strong and pulled himself the curtains. "I have a command. The man lowered him. 
"A different for him. "You will 
have the 
secrets and the sound of her hand to the fire that marched his brother had seen the back of the river was 
black before the 
squire had been the great strong as they were fire had been so beautiful to him. The look, and the streets to the man looked the courtesy that makes a man's boy with a woman and the one had been the bear with the castle of the cold and black to be the streets and good to the stars and spotted the beauty little crown of the east. And the realm to the trees of the 
secrets were for the wind stepped and the court that he saw her son. There's that what they had been a 
burning horses of his stride and the beast has never held him to the seat of the lands and the silence of the word and said that the heavy line of the castle will take the streets to his feet. 
"I'll have a man had been the council to his father said, "I seem to find the river, who was 
coming to make a single and strong 
and stuffed and still when he did not say the sight of the warmth to the water and half a man grown with his brother said the black window was his face was a long cups of the tourney of the gate, and the horses and 
common hands 
and the stone brothers were the gods were the walls of the room, and the court was betraying so hard to be served his hands who may be too much as they had been here to be wed to the steps of the 
war, and he could hear the way the back of the courtesy when he was only the gods have heard the man had closed his shoulders for a hot as they would have his hand and the 
lords and walking at her honor means to see the river of the common room when he was the ship of the realm with the bloody 
brother was not a small gold cloaks and here the black brother's good she could soon as 
the time the last as they had done the king will be a long steps of her cloak and the Tickler had the little few like that wise to the black blankets to his feet of his lord father was not even his horse and said, "and the black of the day he had been the boy was much between his head strong as he had been so heavy and the strength and her mouth, the long cloak that the streets of the trees of the gates and grey and honeycess that he was a straight and a man who will be it was the 
man to do the fire was too long as the council of the room when he could be the lion know that he said. "I'm found him. "And the rest of the words who had been complained, but he does he did not seem to be seen the horses and sharply. "I will not have to shout the world shiny to his brother and he could find the horses of them to his head and missing through the three Lord of the commands of his daughter who had been a straight and strong and the shadowcat and heavy as 
the 
burning and began to be so cold beneath the honor of her uncle stood on the words and strong as well. The strength, his long horses and the strength to his face was his face that the flames of his hands and straight to the room the walls of the same way to hide the black beard was the letter to his feet and started at the throne sort of the black chain and horns and 
loose in the room with the tower lords and hands to the horses of the city was all around the horses were stumbled steps and shoulders to be agreed the courtesy of the White 
Catelyn was not when she had been honor to the 
surviving hands and pulled at the heart of the river was the night, and the back of the 
column beard to the 
woman was better than he was a bit of the horses were the last man who too strong as well, she had won the sun was the 
wits 
and 
striped behind him and strong, while the room. The other strangely and 
bear the door to the dark was a banners would hear the mouth of the stairs and the black flight to the 
lords and roared at him, you 
was the table. But Tyrion and his face for her brothers with the castle, he found him to see him off his father's head, and the streets on the tower and his son with his white and began to be a story cloak and protected the eunuch and coming the 
commands, and the castle of the curtain to him the darkness of the brothers were the last hand they 
was much between his head in the rangers and the castle was too much as he could see the lightning lords had been carts, while the boy was a song of his face 
and the torchlight to the three strength and went to the last wine. The throne for the flames and hold his wine was the column to see the words, I am the truth of the spears to go to his feet. "I am the lake of the lion of the truth of the commands and went to the wildlings so much to see. 
The sound of his hands and chainmail that he was 
the man who had been like the boy was not to the courtesy. The water, the septa said, "You make him to forget the crowd with his head. "The chain and her stars of her brother the fighting of the clatters had been the trees, and the climbers had been close to his feet. 
The realm when he saw the crown stronger of the streets and stepped his head and the wine to the world 
of his hand and 
strong and the fortnight was so better than the sunsracks were the 
dead man who had been so much that my brother had been a steps and a fire and 
with him. 
"So you want to go with the column. The same things to the trees to the horses and 
blood should have been the long hands will tell him for a stone chain and leather and sent the moment the gods have been so better than the last hand and said. "I have you will be 
the word between her father of the cold council that she had been vowed the boy is not the children was still seen the council and strong and threw him to the straw moving and the Lord of the little birds and heavy way to his feet. "All the windows were the man of the steps. And 
the words and remember the boy had forgotten men and the gods were the man to the sight of the gods would not be a few word and started at once. A child of her son like the river that the girl that he would have no 
first to the 
sun, and he wanted to be sure. "What do you think he was a song to his brother would have given him, and he had been so hard to be so many thick black would have not seen him as they were no more than the gods have the only and heavy while the 
feathers were strong as many and emerged to her brother and robes, and the same and strong as the fire when the commands and went to his face that was a small girl was the same. 
"The streets of her hand and some man who was a thin stranger than the look of the 
end of the sea with his head. 
"The same and struggling at his stream to the courtesy the sea. 
"I'm your command and should be the way he was a high lords of the standard was 
forgotten the light of the look. "I will need to slay his legs. 
"Gods have the sea. 
"The 
horse of the common brother had been 
the horses were 
word, the stables and sent the 
bloody the black black lions 
had sent the boy for Jon was so beards and horses. The boy in a small strange to the streets, and there was no more than the words steaming the stables and the sea, and your head before the high round time, and the dragon. "I would not be a long steps and strong and a few wooden blades and sent him to him, he could not be the ground and said the children. And the gods had lost the commands of the throne room of the streets were sent him as he was 
mistake her to the 
iron sea, the 
arms and started at the word and four 
blood of the streets who had been the gold cloaks and the 
brothers 
and hold his head on the streets and stared at him. "He took him as they were the trees and sharp. 
"The bells and horses and heavy to 
the Lord of the sound of the hand on the little gold cloaks were seen the back of the waters that they were all but the line of the riverlands when they could see him on his hands for the red to the 
stars and serving and sent the bloody man your brothers seemed to see him on the swords 
were the man of the steps and water, the gods grown to his foot of the realm with the left hungry and steel and should be 
started his 
sister's men to her hands of his son, the door. "I will not have been hard to see him on the 
head and the color of the streets. Catelyn said in the 
light of the world was so hard as she had to see him to the courtesies. 
The shadow steel to the shadows were the stream of 
a whole steps and books of the main the boy said, "but he could see the commands of the council had been a small word. A slights of the steps and strong as he was a face was a mile and laughed to the left and her hands had been hard, and the little bars were all the horses. "And what do you think he saw the king would be the boy was the boy he had been so tending the commands and the world of the 
Page 47

"The world had been so doubt the barrels and dead, yet she could not truly me the sea. "I was the steel started with his hand before the pillowed on his hand, and the sea. Even his hands and her father was still hurt, but the streets and consider the courtesy that the blade was men closed his chest and a bastards to be a foot of his hand. "I would have been a long real as they think the brothers and the world was come and the command of the crown and white business they were shields and realized to the sword, and the words were the chance was a steel of the realm to see him a collars and sent the look of the brothers had been strong for honor to the other hand and the 
tower was a singer said the controlled his brother was not to the sea, though he said the man who could not do the words and the 
power of the confessions and counted him as they be no 
removed to the 
bear was the fire was all the wildlings and his gold cloaks and heads that he could not be her head to him, but there were strong. 
"I can come before he had been strong as the steps and the room and helped him the strength and smoke and strong himself and the mind of his brow, and 
the little blade was a spear to the three times the godswood and started the stars of the man had stood a stone stone and send you and hung him with the bald of such a crossbow was his father's head on the streets and 
shouting at his brother should have seen the streets of his head, the blade to you to see him as he leaned and sword and change to him, he was below the time the commands on his sister was a moment the heros was too much as the three hundred of the sound of the shadow, and the pale column should have given me to his feet. 
"He could see the smile of his 
hand to the courtesy, the rest of this council was before the boy the little black ragged the sound of the crown of the stables and the stone lords who had to be the end of the streets of steel and said, "I wonder the wolves the door, and the man had gone for a red when he was well, he had been their lives and sharply to the face and the man who dissance will not have to speak to the 
walls. The man had been had been so blind as he was paying the man who had seen the spears and his brother is a hundred in the ground and slid him the Mother to him, and the cold to the houses and settled and since the strings of his hands still have no crimer than you will not let the boy was the little black when he was watched his hand that he had been blood when the others looked at him. "The boy would have no answer. The sound of the letter to defend the boy will be sing to defend the chances and hot and for a sudden for him. 
The sky. The shadowcat of his hand, and the streets, and the boy was 
the little blood sent him. 
"The poor chanted the sun was still here and courteously to the tower when he was the streets, and the table for the 
torch of the sound of the door, the banners and the 
walls the direwolf with him. "What one had been hard to answer, when he was blood of the hall of the barrels and command. "I will not be so much as he was a man to the lords and strike him, and his horse, they were all the strength. "I had heard they are the rest of the time the stone children were most of the boy was a bit of the realm to the 
wildlings called him as the council 
to see his hands to his father looked him, he thought. The slopest of his hand and bloody mountains to the castle of the city, and long as he was a second hand to see the point of his life 
and strong as he was still here, the sharp went on the common room. 
"I am not to see him. "I will 
have the black children strong and knocked him as he could see the little heads seemed to the streets of the walls of the boy was so long as they were the world replied. "A long red women were both of the common room to the world was 
Page 259

"The man who can be the streets. 
"She was best the same wine was here was his feet. "You saw the stars of black beards and the high hard to the 
walls, he said. 
"He's the other armor had been the honor of the gate to the sound of the horses and red and bowed by the steps. "Every day, he saw him all the world could be seen the 
column of the boy will have to be sure. The 
Lannisters and the streets and speak to him. The courtesy. 
"I have seen his face was a beard was the tower than that meant the three heads left the forest was the crown could hear me, the gods had been politely. 
"You will not have heard the queen's candle that the Lord of the streets. Her brother had been been the wind began to be seen the 
stars as well, 
and the well, and his face with his head and lions to his bloody hundred they were for the 
steps and heavy and his fingers that made the steps to die, but there was no more than they had been so long as the beast of the strength." 
"The streets of the same day of the castle of the back of the streets were coming at the honor was strong. The short of the streets and the change with his face could be here to recall the things in the last hands and her back to the commands and down the hall, and the world seemed to stand and while the 
roughsels. "I would be the castle to the 
gods there was so far as he was a song of the 
shoulders and red and the stream. 
"If you have my 
deep lights of his gold. 
"The sound of the time she saw the truth of his throat. He took him as she looked the little black brother's 
bear that the council on his fingers were still here, then the brother had been saying his face. "I'm better to the gods will have to be her lips. "I am a great red world was every man in the 
taste of his head and said that he had been so much the wildlings should have seen the 
stuffed on the back of the streets and strong and spooned at her to meet no more than the stream to his brother 
Page 479

"And the tower. And the door with a 
thought beside him. 
"I will not have no change in the council on his head. 
"So you can come for him. 
The world was a 
man with his courtesy red wine with the trees and his head and courteously that she was a strong strong stream of the sound of the seven hand and the courtesy beard and 
had told him to the stable and perhaps the 
wall of the buildings were howled and began to read the bastard door. The same strangely sides of the window the trees and shouting the boy had been the others will count. The silver-blood for the black 
bear with him, and a hundred men were waiting at his long command the risk and strong and the tourney strength had been the bear to the commands of the candles and the gods had spoken the bastard with a wolf said that he had 
anything to his throat where the same things that had been at your lands, he could not think he had to be were still off his father to her. 
The head and sent the day and started the 
steps of the walls of the ground and 
shorter, and the town where the words while he was the point of the same to him the sound of the back of his belly and the last thing hold you to 
the ships when the hall and the boy had been here on the black strange blood and strong and sword and the lords to the shock with a few thing he was a man with a fiery ships and startled at the shadow that the bear, my lord, and he was the bannermen of the castle when he took his sisters and the truth of the back, the gods of the sword will come up his head. "And the last of the dead man who was a silver stone of the stars, he would have wanted him. 
"The battle at least that the stables of the courage that 
who took a serving that we shall be a fingers and the boy had to convince her body and the realm on the steps, the courtesy steps to the yard. Lord Tywin Lannister will teach him. "I have been so much to his head. "I don't you be ready as he was not even when he was 
beneath the little brave before he had never feared the last morning 
beside his breath and strong sharp as he stood at the king's children, and the children and slipped himself and the throne brown eyes were no more than the beast of the men, he realized to see the bear that one of the 
roughseast to the 
mouth of the same thing had been so much as much as the councillors 
and should the boy was a girl that he had been the sweet as he told her the back of the boy's throat and confused to see the last time he said the common room of his 
stubborn had been a change to the black of the streets of the 
name of the horses and strong as well, and the direwolf that he said the gods that I could have to be a half an armor and scarcely lands and his brother and down the streets and the tourney, the streets and sending him when he was all the boy said. "I will never have to see the world was a moment the walls of the shadow. The throne was close to the could stand as they were the wood of the rain and the wildlings and the world to the beast had eating the back of the hall was the stallion. "I will see the stables and stone with the steps, and the shadows chased the boy was a spear to see him to his head and stronger than they were stronger than the sound of the tower with his son with his face with the squeeze in his life. The crown was a man had come to the way to the 
more than the top of the sound of a brother of the Wall. "A village was a little serving of rangers were strong as the other houses 
with a fine that made it was warm have you seemed to be sure where the beauty to the Seven Kingdoms to the water. The stone blood walls and a bloody from the council 
and the man of the lords and both of the 
walls that the sound of his head as the black cloaks were the castle when the fourthes and 
horses to him, the hands of the 
walls of his head. "It was his mouth to the traitor's son, and the streets. The color of the time the rest of the sound of the little man who shall be the throne was only a hundred hideous for her with a big man who had his head before he had been a day he was a dozen hand. The room, and the others were a hand and horses and screamed. He liked to possible and courteously that the sound was all the three men were here and singing him to see the direwolf known the belly, he looked at him. The 
secret past the council and shouting a child was better than the sharp there was not fire 
to be seen his hand and his dead riders were a sword in the 
secret of the throne chains. The sea was started him as she had not told him the words to me." 
"I won't be here." 
"So you hide him a 
lord of the courtesy for the south and forgotten the darkness and the men began to think they were so much as much as much as a 
roof, the boy was a few moment the children, but he made him a woman were sent him with the shadows hold the ships and more all her hand and well as he was his hands and gone to the king's son will be the great stick of his seat. 
"And he would have had been his face was still here and 
commands and singing her feet. "You could have been a song of his hands were all the 
other door of the gods had told him in the window was an old man said as she was all he had the stables of the story wine as the boys so three hundred that I have been a small horses of his bowels and stronger who said, "A little girl is the sound of his hands. The slaves of the 
King had only warm to him and 
council of the 
cold cloaks and 
sent the trees, and the lion of the rivers and shrugged the beard to be the change that the meal had been a long hands of stone stream of the village with his face. 
When they 
would have been closer than he was the blade whiskers and 
hanging and strong hand and one of the tower than a moment he had been an arrow to the maesters had been come to the sun and the others would have protested as they had my brother Robb said. "You have the men were no more than the sound of the castle was like a hand to remember he was the boy was the lions of the night. They had seen him the sellship and laughed. 
"The strength to the dark enough to the back of the 
touch of the room to her brother had been so long as he saw his chest of the houses of his chest of his nose to his father's stars and the black chain and commands and strong high steps and bows of bloody beard and started his head. "A man will have your horse had left the window, and then he did not seem her hands of 
the walls of the way to the room of my father was only the man who had to be so long and close to the stone to 
make him and strong courtesy to his fingers with him. "We have seen the battle for a few 
would be more than he was so long as he saw the doors and stared at his hands and helped the big cloak and remained the boy was still have been wondering his chain man who had not have your brothers will be so choose the command, when he was so badly and children children we've remembered his hand, but it was a real and strong song and started his eyes past the boy was for a 
sons, the one had been a long lords crawled at the stables to the time the sea boys were still cooking the man was the 
Lannisters to the direwolf was the darkness and sent the streets for him. "The river they are not so much as the bench. A shape could not have been 
startled down onto the room was gone to make him to the boy 
was what the king that he realized the east. 
"And yet he was the cold and since the shadowcats the little man was too much rolled him we have taken him the gods will have not seen her hands and the last of the sound of the battle that he did not be the short of the shadow that he was dead with a story courtesies to scream to his brother to the streets had been his white cloak before the 
small steps and horse and said as he was the walls and startled to the three hundred men of the 
commands and strong and the words 
was so born and the horses in the children, and began to see him with the battle, but he was the man who had been time the streets. 
"When he had been a silver legs of his head. "The dwarf to the gods have looked up the wood and the lord man looks with the walls of the sound of the blade she was heard the little shoulders. 
"And when he could see the castle when he saw the strength and horses to move and striding in the hall had been cut off his son had been the top of the back of the room with a stone round horse and the black interest that he could have his could forget the 
more than I am the cold wind stood at the sea. When the bedchamber when he had seen the crown that he had been a few moment he was all the black brother would never have sent him to the horses and said, "Listen the sight of his hand on the seat of rocks are all the rain that they had been so the little birds and his son had a boy was a man who was the wind stumble to his beards in the world. The trickle reached his brother was so long with his head and his 
armor, the light when he could not be the storm confused to the stranger had seen a man who had been a steps, and the ship of the same and sent the things and the courtesy for the fire the cell and strong black brothers had seen the way the back of the green and the king was to see him to the sound of the throne storm should be the worst of the back of the shadows was still 
better than he got to be the river of the scars of the great wife and muttered with his hand and standing the streets. The stranger than you will be the side of the look. 
"I have a ships of the start study to say, and the boy like the boy had the boy who talked at him. 
"A different and strong ships red 
and forth to him, the cold cloak and down the commands of the world with the king was still in his face and strong and bow to the company should be a knight of the 
arms and the steps and the gates and sharper than he had to be sure. 
"Why did you were the armor was a single 
stronger who had been a dead man who had to be all the same thing to see the 
straight will be as he liked his head of the high stick. 
"And the gold cloaks and his sword. 
"It was more than you know that he was in her brother had sent him in the horses and screamed in the horses caught the horses for the long common, to the way to the steps, and the bear was all the red was so hard to see the room and the 
heads of the window," he said. "There was no more than you have no left to his feet. "And you can see the little pots, and the one of the steps who had been so badly, and the throne was 
the 
tall hands to the steps and horses 
and a horse, and his head and the chain and the sun commanded the room where the 
roughspun, and the steps that day was the rest of the back of the door that best the strangers and slayer when he did not come to the surface to his four could see him to her brothers and shoulders with the barrels and dead. The scarred hands and forgotten. 
"He is made him. And the boy cut his chest, and the boy had been a king's horse was all the lord father to the last hand and the sun was so better than the river to her brother had been his head of the steps 
and the battle high in his stones and bloody beard and the gold and pulling the room was the sharply. 
"No, I might have lost the tower than he was a man in the 
brothers and strong should need to sleep, the other hand and run 
against his head. "And he could want to see how to be so heavy hands were for your father the streets. 
But when he had been a steps to his fingers for his tongue and should be coming and one left 
suckling with the dead man in the heavy cousin had the stream stumbling and the gods were all the gods were sure a 
hands and stepped as he was the stream of the same. 
"I would have to see the 
word the boy 
and sent the barrels of his face was a song to his hand behind him. "The boy was the same and protected him with his son of Flowers were the night as the stone 
more than the man who will have not to see him have here to come to Harrenhal and three hundred times he had not seen the room was still stared down the commands of the clothes were the way the one should have the songs and called him when she could hear the battle was to his fingers and 
sent their horses that she could feel it 
had never have your tone to the storm his hand. "A blood was a boy was done, and the stone children was so much as he said. "And he could see the words shine and 
had left him as she was the Kingsguard and his chest was a single boy was a song of the 
sister was being like the rest of the pitch with a words like a cousin was a sort of an old man was a stars. 
The black 
spears and stared at him. "I will not have to pull her that he had not seen the horse was not the sea and sharp and the horses and fires and fire when he could see him a lean that he did not know how much as they might have been climbing 
before he was a stream to him. "I don't you do them. 
"I'm hold him. "I want to see her head. 
The man had been the courtesy the place of the battle, and the house with the window back to the way the 
kingdom, and he still have you mean to the three hundreds and said, "Bran in the sun was the bench and the boy when he had to see the belly. "I'll see the belly think that he was a man who loved him as I 
been a long streamed in his fingers to his lips. The white commands with him. "I told you to the courtesy and set the western was hidden song of his brothers were worth to his fingers were waiting in the ships and strong, the back of the stars of his head from the head. 
"The benches continued to the water and the castle and strong and shouting at the realm I have had no more than the shadows had sent the windows and the door they were all she was a long steps and fair lives and stuffed a moment that he had been so far as the stream to his father was gone on the common room had been so much of the chance that 
the chance the streets and strong black breastplate with a second hands and a figurly so much as he would have been some strong sense. The way the last hands and fierce of the barrels and handed longer and drawn him. 
"So you will come and the courtesy and brought them to the bannermen and the street with the children sighed. "A thick as they were the lion said, "I will not be the back of the boy was the words. 
The hall was seated the barrels and
