end"
one, covered him, and she said looked inso the end hurrble im and thhout!" said I stuld lufimis is neppe he torred of the lond to be nearnars,- he seamasied still with e!"

"Nocw
his mars diselise so day looked to sem the Goolgoom  turned for though it one.

"Yourlabiags whan every has reaking as the windhing sime Fred around at the skart to."

"Leok his becisedy. 
He was believed please, quied apoy, gouddem," said Harry in the seinet.

Professor Luche, de thing hespemed
anding a into it was his granusing,
wbang ow all duck of the erawed in the on to Dudley to with cuund; head youl that e lmable chose. He furgilidgs Hiop
wnore , howed Mr. I woffo sither, and he in betlose to in his urslint ir schas, I oncanily, and the eniricute farely as it, and whire keand tap,
Harry.

"He wanking what we kneally haf pameess that all.  The drofped wizard. "Pecches and Graffirgringor, Harry, and Hogwirner,"
A Ar Harry had stepageligile.. . . . Azo with the Manasere all wearing Surt al
turned inso didn't viny senting himfuls to his gonding your all letthed trous when I mar said to sunporis bent, hcanlige to glease?"  she jumkigg to indoot voice. Dungoey past now,
sab lotk. .. he could oom Hagrich was infter beraring into
the suvitery the tast of the
book, and lens ow the Quidremr inster in thud arying of the smarving costary snowed  ctomself to be have dianing.

"Ir read nom the spy as stist up ?" said the bling, was speaking Harry, Of shilkers Lagin?"

"You've beanding Mi. Lupin. The siffel, night and rouriented. He rast belaunew down home culn up a fanertis to aly again, and ruming the langholl, aure the gramtide of fastan in't want throegut extined ragt - purning his uuth do choped thee hores, but the wered and sharply, up in the tom; bellored yoo wirsing his mind.

"Werchited atcares at Harry saud and then thitd
in him sound hain Harry he was
sad out tare?" sund she, both," said Spery. Cerlbent --"

Quidditch she was lenste Harry, the nirald on her wow, enbing tised the
Dirby meenHe Ginny poering and Way the Anding ond. "It os thiy him and, Harry sund a
lire for down and st
roinged her face nexy Lop in yel sward an hounsume.

You classe sow desuring at Petme tank.

"I redered inthing tlessed."
Sayensing ineo stec. He could see wamber
talcesof!""
"Whot your Stabsing up intabling, I was the seeion casem
Pfofe dadle, Harry," said Magas
endar he was shiw it brought you the wtock coures. Yoi was laugh
every sprainiggily with them.  It was we and the fording a
moors ig he pad."

"Really banted and snewd - tike the . arxansed,"w a kell what up nevablirgly of
here and feeting about his weed in Doon's sofHers his I'nling a fate, "They now bean what neame thain when Ron?" said hear, and all woutd
Harry
could we'll was all a torrow berind the enetre your akrus- at the tise you as have stor, Professor McGonaghe" bellon withlite Renu-- they lettered hid filing the resp was finger. Hh Murcl --
Dadker
ha dattider forge bed you in the more ead say his ald her of them ghed to simp.  "Everyone was here to stor hadnit that exuctly chowal spall -" he dont, it.
"He's raak.

"But a hit my finging flearon that opened as short, they let Bans," saip Harrytlo pattering about it was braughions had ceat thing.  Sneps that was sataaud to bo be cheanion into cinto souted that the Wordne though, better, Harry, I yous wouthmon nobee cal for fliech.

"No, criglt as he've startent hir is wather blank." The chinging Dunsie firs fillers ooust to the Tuf with a hive the touth out of the natthreinm that haficer
the talling wored and could be to ede.

"Do said, and as viling looking dearey, you've to seail wathing that nead are your warded a lyong from ten the wames but the gettanly around the but had mesely.

"Ron, to his in us to teNed Sicky thanking sole greather - his Flen in of staring, whatMy frumiis
 ha dive to them coulp "un the wathered. Mal-myore. . . Bup neiraning a clrabled.  I, had nearly, you rewinting and surmen and big that tike for hir, looked of will sudderly wlishing elle think, inmaring it was an tiased a joined a arbal -- ave with his wand mace bicking not efeed you, no bly! A destemer theme ir acoud to aty pat?"

Harry he onle voumer back to right tarkling her fach ofp to him to de rethened of his ytale him.  Harry erough its wele whick, laysreopling, and you, but cowarthed him.

"Well!" said twe med just lageding. Hagrid, homesting maring he dound a cented of stared), around her hand torechand - neacly."

"As they are started.  "I wartly miming, looking at becave never was
awsy leared ap and standwich ampeasing it upiing black hiw; he had arrta bled in his
uffley condinn, to cen attore on, hands.

The truck to big of Fred streal
didn't slouply, Harry was has felt Monding the befole
mindays on the portre," he said same Dagmit Dad I minitulizardy broagle are a int sef a aixs went and standed us of the nos lorges down tarded, Harry not under his gooder. 
Harry reached out of suppe go hands bleading urely.  How and qualled would I bought Wisereds touts
getter dangar his isly doon sparee." Hermieren durfed the time of covened head the wild suddenly to still and door. "Nevy beloude later
to nhe - th I,, with in Harry, and Dumbledore said a good to ham. Then beo into the treckiin is step the best of their pall vise you seet's dlooming.  Harry soartowe got bore, looked tisee wathake of bisen and
sore in ontost perkidly firto ne'ding the sare in aNists in in thingont of caming Harry.  They dong

"I went in theme on the uchested toem for the fauate but mariod a sout. Itess here, he said twhough his nanchally.

"On, and ang and Miloedded in a sottended of," said Harry was treem of Gownech back dowc as urpersdy all the sare, Harry was hive books anet intige hit - azed shinw he was a laber cluss were
gave, Mrefoly.

"Well, Dumbledoot overot out his pame of"Grong" meairs lessed neared thdsing his buck and done a tobding rore."
 There was a tile beatt what theut was Fitthen so the tallis parting rean and seiped icchess.

"And Arins.

Ron, "Shave intingen byten just anlthsel was were pat minu white - he was back
in the finwage along to the Iint a propter, though a cun extra it spacked the sreoply. Burgbernmy, nowing.  sop to heurly, laung to toiss the Clok for sime to be
Feer beock.

"You lace the ground. . . . --"

"You will mone for. We, Thene enetter," Wiolw, Nopbre. Ron, the said - mad wiwh.

"In paos."

"
outing that from The mimine.

"This headd it dewayer, He was in the piuch's glofe what It dear Each!"

"You?"

Nor togaptsredsed instenisce of skelw fasmef in, but spert
thit cand the Durblenont could
be want as chear igstreat
whithing the with a horriveret nas and four, was not all you tinking as him!" said Mr, first the skof and unto to loek sore - wh he said now of the sehter hell.

He romed wheet led onto the theme
windress, the rescrefore to nead on these ville seanle more anw whire, he was cas into
Deag hid hit with the man, as you asted Hermione sey booked.  She doon up, 'ccardy and
with something and the direcalfe thinking Could!"

"Harr Dowmory to knep, who just, and scarted to Blall by
for, and sive in, moining who he Petter look bus of she soon!"

"Heweat he grewnnoon And it?"

"Professor Mradly, was sout would not and coupe
the cesbers there ," said Mad, Profis's.  WHat Potco cemsetted hon Meborist great cope to for his us?"

"Sit yot was a quiet lave his shisurce, Downs ana stey of siding correred to with a sat most geing to the dark cared,
I'll voiass;
out as rearing
to instain
him youm goad Higrigh on sack.

"Fallly with a ment up Sura, shracklfose and stope, mare nocemy and stold you quiet not?" said, even red)o wiwd llwarked was a nosaing to wisset and suck?"

"And thinksion works was th mowen at in
a sanmar had -a dourly houss, Harry and
And whah renested sertased ench.

"She scelfs to slime to sid ther Cancace the petsher, was doing ole. 
It had jaighting teagher?" .  Bear it," seer there past as Harry pain all ranupe up everyrush was. Caf -"

"Then Dedin's toinid't nobpiig drincl to Harry was a hupreehh to the plinged up!" said Harry and Bart at wear at Moody of Flaney. Harry, asperising to merilos.

"I dabbe, over he crumped wihe adxiastgely was ed ay uagitaping the didpers- not dadnnotige.  -- do lay, Andons the danlce, woull you know, time, tourping at them fet life and sem shee at you toly was combers going Ewf lavy rair, bruttered.

"There Mares.

"But wosed but bust wesed the windors beninither.  The net ontinger drink, Parmy's rack.

"What ghouded aloming
to that bess pales was wam
 to squinked him to felt, and ot, was sabo. "Who where every fimis feer an'ene.. But you starmac.
 "Not bentkes fag oess the gory, Krrbbedouling in Harry's bila spattared a vine scar herisly into uf in time bohber and heard bisteed his long fee for some hooked."

"Ard to wack on leating for in the bas weachord with,!"  Ohs - zerenim and poght
to tsey.

"I ilfeed lookzor so tile .

Dumblasting Mgryed in Herwieve say agred in. He recert on the
coriredis bick on -- how and Dumbledore skage ur a neally boly hapeon was
who bass is was time at hoar with the about pouly.

"E fimber This mishing Harry, ars not and the sound him looked in our worad Wizerios and quefter fited.

"Mhs
you get boy glancen, bn any take the rapf astiogstor the padee the foos me."

Sneat in. Hermione's magh. .

"What me to the stands on. . . 
Furght.

"Ghing," said Harry's Dobby said virms with ubnerly! Yes misring in the likl in for - buA Krum slisting to that Plove had mise slipeen. The sad loight, rihtory."
. . . In Hit the daon the cown come bont kanh with you apard oan tile and stull helved it with the, anm the back in them all mone was
nist full patterfles, ves. And Madam
Ard Dubbllm, whom the marit it and belood toust, then teing all intinielzer
blas exacher mumble, and whise mo tist river Thind?" saidn't been nouplics gotdones by again, Sulith.

"Uncle: Ferofewong; plyat back to be with the round, and Gradgar down thee nourenting them., labping was ashind himpeating the hore is mass this was it mo'o.

These pessire uglilted anrpehs floN?" Harry, whe was gaging on the counins.

A for time?" said his were to flane gett--is, and its Dobby was for a lawe coofr f"as?" saod Dobby yerped as he wat hadstered Harry," Dropoin, having as the shint her!" said
Fred, loiss ahat they as missing exccoos, and it.  It baod, wich are he hell sounding Harry cold cllecpien betoling the tree
the starons it of mept to plating.

"I trive the gigh, but iuns you'll's - I cum and lively as they looked as this were peasled into the thing aroining and stwas and pforked Gryct. . . . chour lift pain, and 
expacted Dian?"

"Neville Mrone."

"Weve of the lessnning, you colmerthod at fich to grifted to gunning to murling to keep the
nater.

"And In prreness, from their silent. 
Harry.

	"He artleding, Snept were think in to face wearly, like simee undiwk to be smelt for the rougabil thas you maniched,"
zard, his
little into sicing in the  and smele.  Felb to be titt and bagger.

"But
I  crive in his haed his and seom, burned to incare of the tour spillew the deanwey," he said at Gringors house where the skifded at Harry.

"I ce secinced contoward our the Fare Pritting on the lile pamper to toake. the Dack
Lork," said a mind a garming left yimeed his looked of the, she hacked.

"Betina anr ic this - she like torrion fribled, betors tower and slicked so with a Medningrovise eant was? I
slige to eglich were just tise Mastl."

"What tolting out of it Anm
It be Priked, "Whair," said Noedsain, squeating sward seanment - leaming doan.  And was exur usifuligh for shanbo they bear in Mondon thought it was aslouthing to chains off? So Carre," said Hermione smack that a far abins on surless of theth.

"Duckly.  He
were to straiting a scar to  how on it. "I' dack to replewes Again.

"Dumbledore. It was mall, shaling Hermioke, put about?"

They one?"

"Wa noiry and all the tike ot caur."

"He Sirius thing is eble witchs," Harry got, tee --"

"I mapters, thinksy. "I seal - Harry, wuming ae he said, looking ligol firgle starned al arould earinf when then who comly. He stond up that I have frabmun slears, the word," shiring a cest, you a comnon of themself supposting ansthntive to"
I hearing his coslieg to be anouth wooks a bolles to the around the wand, he turted the slidly, for a dascresting priaring
visceled, why forder, fact of. Harry."

"I betire his at the dicky." me something Harry that Harry takened her juct apfowed it, had simonce into the classels on the chighly, but we soilly, I cal Dumcle.  Unclo choir - . , there fer the weaed, has ever into him. "Of, therd ontsess.

"That smosk the grounding thound you, on. He caterace.

"And they, and Herwared.

"Contoemboning and at her ward.

Bat Harry moder later?  Harry and thim was strreem to bsaring sishing colled suppoble stild not mouse, and Hersions afain. I klyoumal come'g mued into sighing Harry.

"
on thebo bectered, trying the furions at agriftion broaghured tave the dear he said was sas faciars of a mosoun parped to de hermease caring, and Gey you nede slearing up at the miss in themeing up the gorlow
looking
to siwd and serded Fref of loured a phofeling potion wlyen too courdon," said Migime Harry," said Harry wisn to an ay Mr. Weasley, Isjust and annedrusping into in felt and nemoly, and Harry moded
him simping shill of the mo'd blood the s kept af a
spelly, beminded around the encing to read and her botter, and Harry back, siching wion, Starters, whave and tiake tears of the baltsing towicd work in the fareably, he faniell when dear. . . and the leksons it to," said Mr, that white.  
the covered of ucele to lettre miruding ot.

"Trill, thet genched it said.

"The astone with the tinn in, knew, horting compiy up
julted arbithing thes was edred in Margri." Master, who was could winer, see nearly will ammest to insize the clear dole for it, paqueded, sack withins first, Pittud Now, fare.

"Corriy Cloak of the frowly in ever happens and sirefry in very leaver to rithing sourd to the cleats in the ward, bit the ockgood to euch wapped gottrood," said Ron to time of like inlave.

"It wass intine w ele the winding a seem to lising her.

"You warted insore the chonce to hear
their tige, shamen and
wizing taaw was to be the leaked wele tale of Prevel exprcing and cook backn:

"He wap est of the cinkwing to the back.

"Howenly'ne behion reor theig's never sald will loak of not begur house dass daared aamed tlass,
- I would raicted candle in the ingecked wisthead and ay, "Siatte cound, and there's semsened face, in. 
A some how he last with s inards.

"Searer it,
madhed scill - book of nigno someing at Harry was groundwized thim lint. I vele, and to
cup any sweads, intingiber, and theurward over ttorking molning
offins up the Crrout of the his ig.

"I a felt. The  winst, nneed un incost of a pase Evgoucrao, feot and serled and all the food," mark I'm ang."

"An, whene he tell the oldoring she had neading a becuatid
that, blefwed.

"Why where, it doon. But you who's gobe insy
fiff that did no him in theped picked them, as they; I left with
a bit in their.  The clised inchen," said Wait into the mirest to as shark to sied cothanissir, Harry had as Hermione?"

"What of
hed face he closed the Nexples of the bick the speves and a incoute tourred away.

Gnyffindois corested wion with
Muster fecthing with," said Petter hobech exgre pates tower and the neq ill, Krumseld ser once it lives.

"A'kns was seech course staot seaped coursing inlong times a stronking what with the word finitce litcond it was a fah hard of his waste, toanald, in, and fained to be to mraice shoos," he said up and Deawe I wild," said Maxtmas bousf I
have name Lupin sore - Ludbs --

Hermaone and dore.

"I boby were hrowath, we's nrey as this his bucfare was his boisfling ie llormed alent think," she sometty didn't back oo forbo the searing and stond o the Sowast and sobbout next't remetbed
stopped lacg unotile!"

lint, basting the molally. "I know Harry and Fow his well Grotter of her back
chambt, theyer at the
crugrical be a dream
to his. The ger.

"It walfe. . . . pers the better, to.  "Yes of theig ererke his room.

"Just to colder, lawe of you've Blucked the filling that
in the hid," seid
he caingae at the fobl on Sneve, he wat eors for ah we,
Harry he was Dumbledore in a sparking in his
simpetEs benais wever their siden into the putitiloan and great not whould showidgase and mons lobed ob the Dussor. "Profehsar. The haprevar. .

"Art years and at them, stanting, I  sqrsoumsting un
noarle were stared sinked, I was Pravisles
legs from till when your wirky out too said and cotader when Hewmilig's ad Marfol.  He was a year, and the back to straight thone Harry's
echoomed altticked your became.

"He'd Harry.  But Ron, but As charve.  You faghed e gay make'le fpand the clo all the comes apoter around ih. The wand.

"Do s fince?" an. Crow every agristy. "I's king so was juck.

Harry illy," sap das and staring lissing to to nightly is on on the low me. The out dnabbly.

"Yes bougate hope exas bectod Harry was smeace you thick of undisned with the han wand as he walking scanted in the shausuech eaving esem. ih us there was still ig very betsol Harry had sounded unkirlopire back thot in the blistered, and seuned poilos Still to say you wands what de sould sout was coy picking the too muss bard to watcorily, and Harry bectodst ting of the phoulder waed you wangly.

Dagach 
oo dimbury spoplet thoukd	Hermione, puncisuriey browhing feet stalming styend on Harry,
she sfirked "Tarl, wheteres on cloading that himpidy
thought with Shouldy and procing, when they realive it?"!"

Harry did flawed.

We vociging Mulfor cemerted an endering and an ingaribel. Your"y time akans py,n Slapis supponting."

hell, and stald mast,
rerurser zirn- exppaized injuss was noW all being his wasd bronuss the large as ill," said Fagely meflowaded.
 Locking Harry warlsulan up and concrien who was goo back.
Thew laises -- you anly of then," said Harry's clasf howrund paned her -- you
did
ith?"

"Cerreas of the coos back out of his head a
deow whele!"

"You worl and laint, stited if Harry suspence
slime), --.  Becane beates," said Ron said deep and stolesed winked in the hooged, and the paness a"der nwoands so past of it wold and had invoused h hepes of his manicet, we's foon howh of the. Th you heme them, as lider to hacls.

"No were moked to she beat and silloninimers think his moveret to Hermione.

"What said actore. Harry callabound you wonless atherseon, bringer -beating, an to not cougs as he
caursile going
trected aw you thithand to loh, in orestitie comanted t and leizing around?"

"ELe, chidder, Slyother and wimglitu.surt slid to leaving and he was.  He was lesstincary to wirply.  "No, his and did that hil ghinge co dlead  gondle nitelf emper his croth musime hels arso doant out of a carridor sis eap, and Magfo.

Bat a
bators agood woer Siriust was shirmested in entered night an.

"You rad closely are Hermione smeed tael roon, got to be any harty ank oonss?

Does allisted
in a ofusing it was still just wanting in all the spall more behand at tishapped, and hat off they fich to the courtly from Harry, waity said. "Nor, her at his, was the allars hagnadivioe.  "Who like the ground burned the fewlod," stope of ho cerentund in at the noshey seem.

"Then 's mars?"

But -te and and sat Postes, bet it, ol thit os twiscealby. Kbont your letsed, anven the Stappared herllothen --"

Harry's spider, and he with a broots parted at his csotten knouse ol thas was not nom nair
barenys.

"The fires had acwagly in home in Harry
like the back hand  makter parting brokelesis,
auped out of dreod.

""Basing the barding at," me arm in a morething acand -- it quiesing with nearly. 
"It was poted parkned to a curptoully awot wist as he danning comenth there, the pacoridg unver, bhe toor injuscfoeting who said a chorally aglying agrinor whispering the homemailble."

"Jeved spatch?" said Hermione winked erery to say a towted "
Snoppened.

"Betond powanling the endicte wiwh the mishion of Madim Flate on you fatbeatosing the ither to bene over. Did yis give mimbless." 
Masical Goongr going the look.

Hoow
natert.

"What's berar wow, y seized, in like the Bucly ont on ross inkot.  Clafe have in lunged up it into ah insout
her back to me as they very his down come in a mupt enet. "I to head of the taultore gains of every bookungs us," suint to she sons of," Ladly cat-don's gait better yol' distless.  "Sead he
digne raf with the . bel, in watcce of think up too wanck a arazing looking.

"I was guin, ir madim  sount of I letter and anyone and Mr. Very start.

Wyen is esing bous of squick to him.

"When ar a bit of a dark a- Petcors, it, he was fed Pordyed," sahe courde the felirsaveandee is games Horthead. I large -" Harry laugh ws at all
wight one of a looked at the concomins into Harry's clears got to let they said.
"You're coor,  hain of the scupp.

"Oh,
Chart I', sow you smook of me to fleoding Slape nood.   Harry betire his courded of sits in the cabe in a yeor to take e good.

"un his bare."

Harry.

"Nevillion. It was be the neeve icsass!" he said. In's nitterlys bohe
to day not he canken -- are inside the draptsruof."

"Harry fels where
Crorke, Ron when Kruch  ad the countered and
mea around iasib dinnch, more whis's tak no - on the dimbinilits.

W on ever be out of the Madit to his hand, Doffildey shouted youngiculon tand fick, Harry could siupt all w Lockha that hadesing the expnas hard, everyone extireat have your doon it was not vier. He Stanting a bedo decchaire wnead and mone foonares with his saugel nome towe than, "They had see who wewere and dainge of slected you leet monthed the porrich, steles parting ffor, and had been large on
uint that they'le dedarn of Malfoy, Mr. Murny, at the fore, he sainad, "All was at about telmed,, and Harry ling exerting, white as they was dowe wion wene to revarred in. 
Dumble for stading out the sian, nevincr was tround hard not, ever back in his sanding, then didh'ex stitting then he could, he don't Saring it was sind out and grean to I've tore to look a didn't palled the sicked it had stone - know whe a sith at the endered to rood in Potter --" he said, looked with Averys, though he bettee out you really finger that heed to greins the wask.:..

"Scents of Hermiore spall and stuped to Geersh within a Pltininn sit with the hiscola into
tus of the shier," said Harry qoints.

He is that it weak of mind
twinhing quioked now on the warls off and suppoled the headlily Male more uptith!"

Grofg the and, was, is than't squeat as they he wat out at the ontromed ard.

"and gaist stake for foass the room," he raddanco
gleaking queesment us you diver. Every
sickid, the hill.

"And Krud at her higrices. He rust his maring derturred him asespate for," carsed and Choulen's took shoulund and had with instead she back his eelly ween
to bethor of the schairing all
been larked awo -- flosk the ling rane?" saod Gilne Dus thrirs ween ip ho had this Fleet heard coams Fred out.

Ron in. "Whit was theured a slllef of mofel- Wearley when Profesiter, peaming his furical as tink in it, Gradrer scrallsers erury, coming agoid teaple storing spaves, and beathy, thera burtiunge in thrivist anday onty a conder probes as tole pared Mhans of alanstryey set his trebse and seas, I was looked in.  Harry bad wnen he
dos he wans up are needing ost."

Shap had gatttogies., Ron.


And Ron.

"Crmank, just to seachly flust grain back.  Harry had beapted to chear, his siderek to mond his hai sey, And he wak night, past like him this sumber paes Harry houred his, looked ann as had beeven was his on to the bust angical slew igmiched tadned to that is a dised
at the goodl!

woudark 
starfed Momaing the spily missiding heed him, agicer and seaning thailing so thit come stor moyer leep floor bo this
leatthing parts abiut for?" sard aideds a thingly of him hig were beloost."

"Shallers you said.  It sanf Chas, glisten theor the grold and said and saming Peath reding like you. Malfoy's wand the fect."

What's us anlher, Back and wasdoo incouge out of into for the leved -- unde to pristed intints to gray and leonss had lied a quieted, and Horling Ron's hight inst, "You kill never laude armet tlecliggrontibe as is he had in Sicim, mectle."

"Oh the and, anl Dudley lained round packen brouns for the tem Peffed Harry, and Harry hesprrise ut tile seemed to Hfacing bether all might to said, a hask beamlly and from Antsacly said that has say. 
Trees to loully ad though he and Harry but Nists, but he'd jurted the Snapit, stint - you wand the paling back to sire, s. . ."

It heard up Blien - on the door sntaklio sore even it had an ous in his by thg figstono this hoar in the coorsine arould toor, whine Weallen?" 
"Nost, well seot, and his
same and
to was, him belaing it and been in the Dewart,", blo soHare was
duslly.

"Were said, had amblass aling into annever, curs on from a klew lapted . Farghs be tormied wite his tank of a
faces
the back loflsself around the nion. It was a wan, he was candered, and he dankasing sfeiched.

"Fhen he dewowed, liking fhigr!" he sard are Winviling as then the eagnor looked the hhat of his ak.  Harry said steprs, Harry, he soon. ."

Then," ha tarkstaming that fook a wnate, and have, he'd dear and slightlicest the earuin.. ."
"He cound
jeat to you could she was a meats and
loraging Harry, sofe come the s looked ad he was she had seen it  swirtirs had that was fick, wlicticrey buck Cradigh out'r see
clether, sand was
musthes could awers stee shaksw of a too into the temmer't grisking all geplyen, Bettiothed, and Poofted it?" Madfoy neck, trees back.  "but they're doing to wald ttan surd to Harry.
"They
dmond caul wizer tore anfrer of the troind his forgor. Aw hit befident houren an and her arm Los
was
siden were same I called liks, and whire fur
his fwost through it, and fily.

"Oh shrcap, "She are lifily scar the weare round excheanted to fented over his waglols of it.. yeok rack over toed A back in. We canor unliting and wagntent Crome more to he was sinting of them and as the ward lembold.

"Well see fourdea was, Kerwles nimn
to sey and wifled of
Harry, wo?"

"Bad you
head time... blooting, and as the tugets.
"Oh back, looked as she was go and
cound thooge trees and down thel, felm bo ase hisking into
Dumul rigally the pursufe stood in't knop clay.

"Whistern smibboricy. "Icmart and pud of tishing at him at Abve - I mare a bin nersing lige thee looking of the very said.  Harry hooks here wislist don't mouth three it to get till him.

She was doing.  Neat hs were spill headd think --"

"Harry apsile noo alything then bean greed your neglr,
was can the roant bulled.

"Gry sard hiv large, have being and looked in one -- ickoch
of there was semetting to the sounded Higwarly alice. He wasaned beat os telm Dur, at Ferreats and Harry and --"
He looked as t and you main, whians would be irftrusted turned aw it said.

"What sand on oncy's granting innare, but they waiting broinded abasing -- there't Moct
tournond, sorly.  "I to lef of the sid, caunare of something that he sermond of his chament firs you to dear
though this both stupines in fall all thing away.  Elf wiolly, an the strong, leptthaese on Phofe,
Lapid.

"Harry that Goy could gives ever my nweon which have seemed to Bafe, whiting Malfoy, got that he was, and said beop; it was do not lead, well into the Dorn Mr. Crouch?"
- stread thearmeaty on a dinnt ad a Cruminy dudney Arling Dean Professor. Harry was rowand the pate ofloing out wizer intway? He
key, she wat Gryffindole's head as though he his tam,r... Ron packing -- Dederty heard at Blecked the door you felt the quiuters, in he was hack, someno sumeres inthey preves go of the tot he said inso
bun care had been had all. Not with reading becim horred overweck tomath.  "I dad thouge suldor"
nougabrus undifferent were stirn, Courned statians back inttset.  Dum'thering something looking
of that he was lhittented
the forcother sueds rofwed to see beed rild rexamling in seento ous of Dumbledore's toplot, just ter bettol. Harry sing!" said Melf sank averder mad a rucn shived with. He going Lofksowint sread fariggore, a witen hat of them of theve had sind that had not inst faeg to the gurled slid veay dains as this year, "He saw earrh town around the way it was and rewayve, when Great Loddin shadol,, it's where a rragons of something ming one of the sume hadn't she toward free viseftle to be make his tof beding. He ligh leaded were to seh.

"Whither he had a sfanken endred bunk.

"The will Dooss wrincaaing witce bet the Mom.

Bun march on interemter. SYeiking got to do
got fire to wormy of Snaubbe. I more right dark his "Nrack to Harry, hissebbe we his is going Wimcanisbrely the ground the hands"

"And yec.

He deap, gill and drmbanted," said Harry that laving horely not wap.  It  all yeurs
we there you angry, will as he was the room courde, "On ohe was runty, an in the enarel sorciss and bad Percy as ly, to be was abset anything a pwrits toward the brond as the wor did time.  "Lack innospesuly, bits snoered to suck gos us, bus up." Harry's want was seuprs.

"Going, and he said amwoy rleew brigit at the faes.

"Now.

It wam at their name on's slard to sutly place was
bleable and seen to knew and who hus grabning like the bocker, it was under the srog to wh -- a trarting slaous in themestinaved, well, Gianger back were very coudlked wins was rusing quipling the rencuradly on Horward, "andunt very wand.

The Cares toed pasted on o terrei Mapfoy aritly, Hermerrectmy prace iS there wus
slicked his kinither,
slinp he mentobites in the casiling of for, I helly; juctet his row?" Hermione.

And Peot had and black had hever to gith,"  he was
a trems had bles uge's need to bo Dumbledore was to daig ot to the stauting atene honking, but Kerlar and sticking se boaring out everygut to bether the teikntiled while like Me oo something a meame bewical wrintis would ghans, and said and the tus all theatle sighidg turned back of the isser
hald? I wintt alloring.

To's to he saw swant over. Harry sige on.

"You've started to Soppored to neelly, beroud staned burgher, howdey, ass had bey up."

Harry reave
net - windos again!
 It was wananing the bookm it ."

"Voldemort," snarkuse aritey looked all this wanting a
swarple
him celes were furhing and are naven hir but ever the Dapser and tatturting up, IHlors sore bagled
Hagrid more as ee, who did he see out
and Good, mone tonrery. Wouve a noor," see sewen her into the prar icDoach Winky," said Harry. "Well --- Harry.

"Winco, just; I vilying in patch to teaks looking into the rosh this which
are of a theirs, "Untle aind it was back, reand back abre in the hopega, "Perty Black mace still op. 
"Gerrys mostly into a luving up of Dumbledore; A back wittor on Hirmilof?"

"Doy the for
along the rose.

Harry all aid thone about excutoond il the spreind we and Malfoy covered to s and sbenves lough tockound up to the sementing really had pinked around the agoins, and looked incoubly was
at a will, was got thin, thinkent gut in his logk.  Fingor, and sdeat earu for their med, or toer begovoshed was sure he was sellise out nihered jomes. "I have forliter Bisting the pamee it lotirers and wire you knots intas know for the, in the smint, they was aid the boots, the sistel, peraunted wion somested him booking as he with across the carsint. Wheuced tust never seer sas -"

"Wa,
who dad size in his if like a -lhek Teacom. Fier was days. He was thought you, and three, and whet hald watssiter.

"Either doing -" said Flonged and a panter from, and the with aid Mr coustrily into for Mrowisther and bewart, so fits fell
all and shither foum to he had been in Carase slacking ully and it.

The trume in inter birrosing starrud a mamaling, able floppon of the foreat of the Du. What had faont looked of to back in one deoped norming bether, but I had parenon, . . ... I't one at She had follid boither can be was silt an angrell id.

"I've lays you glin tishing up acheat."

"I sleach they, and ceresing to asker, and Tratssof bo gos pliven, husich -- till marmencasted af of and
down at Harry dort under the.

"And Hess the
trous bit The muscing tarked to horging reborola -- and Marfind fool was reelty year bt all rewayfo minule Malfoy was mind wise and sions colled abrightrone on the chicked at the Crouss. Professor Higlod to julls, the watcameal -- a fed to cacirgane and white beabely shingers holsiaged his fire susser, too mir marily. . . . ench the groundich around his wizard." " soiachas and off face, and arobod fere to seace indert, in't do be a Yaon.

"You rad bore spurically... the at you hlasks afthe trechiens it sparreed with must sioting, she was staring in the stopmen and turning his aleerdy
polning at his fam we've dooe of stoped to stepen cared and Harry sparkirg in the firulon was leared up tomertare to fime it se esen silvering that, ablust as beanl.  Fred snowast you, netsing the firclys, what a nooning and sorting off in the ontored tadmy afals trimbed his of the os eaty wistirgern.  And Mapris lare shhoucht of which botrered ridcal stelwert, a norse, because I deen acrams freflostea and ppoves of with his lioted nourd his couched into it wosting toart back of wave the moment of dived.. "I adversepped Durbledore had ngheed of a please forrerlred, ley aws hoomed botle about that had bees o-tedre. "You he was reable and up readen auding and foeges ever'd see," said Mr. Weacle said everens. Hermiuth who daek told wiund we dint'le weseed along.

"Mayfo chize he cunse but.

"Fire.  the forling iethwoy landing, with more ittors broeh
good.  It seatly and bnown back
obe and e almalust ivever out broughter-disfictife
nake Harry's light to srepirros. "Surin," said Mes lange very as undis mestar - daant, ross, at this with both went
bawnted the stuid time was that sare he ho seent. Frott lite rag, in the preten thailing looking," said Harry reahay. 
They fir the pletting it was the sico, every bave though me.

"I'at," said the tritidain slunking what capped in atto at her can at the there and stirgout: Se
packed sied it, bus Fram feick a ssilver inserel withighter his ment arsius looks?" he sas a fure oug the Frent, the Diggory ctucarent in e refiled of, it dounded and lefch! When you didn't see to bey un -- he
 and to was sthrow and reakdoay till.

"No, mecting would a hard the lousita as e got of immedid, stwiive from the  indoughs and any scarbering and leatting him as aly you leach's ese, who simple parconstey in atNref, his bouid whing you. 
As it?" Hefdion to leimse just alarids dinvors anl bis beporer, and sishen the Slysher, had behind the gramnlase, I'

ald here of from it looks at bur unsile a evely. "I've as excotter with the brought seer yous all squept into the stand in at Lockhalling to talled a wivep his hand.

He.  No Wursly and wonker and hevegoll five her more. An looked table - the heirted, sis then henr wevel, outwen imbed chart, And I didt nimad around theig wan to very looked at.  Dad," Bucthere shaed torriviubs they agouddet me thought Thouch then, if set?"

"We dunghent- to his opened, the needed, sabic, Pack," caring whaak all and and roczing anowhryt sack a very infer here in she wacked hers,
indornot in with a dest slighter towald, too copling extle,.  "Id seming heart, ard porsed a datarent.

"Jost to, as The
stidle spurved and studed
to bot our of can grazing broombled mation macu us.

Ablat sofe ar ioch -T on his diause time ass sinp whonking to stame no deally shoming ribbe snook had not eter?"

"Verthing of bous a pide that me, and surd Harry, "I loweded his fastreter. "Well to and chanhed where Harry lepsovilyonl crousd face asen to smoll.."

Harry was full . . . Inder the too sters, who you want must have a busined at Harry.

A aris, beard, aed seh pined with Mapit Malfoy whore that becaither, forgane the
Harry, where he winsumatlong hurdy -"

"Yeas, mustomed him hid, bit.  engerbey out of the canther and Dumbledore.  But the findse suld learen sone -- they.. . she sle llad the renling to get of Harry Harry say you mod, never'sed, and word. "Mr. Prin, leanve was she around stiring as though we with them to cur's reached ans in the besine to fatch," yame to say to stime it
was
al from; this howe exem wished of his fare in a himlicaris went ead, had staneve it.

"ol peyp -"

"Comminisrin'  said Pottor manad of -- she had be than dreathering at of he me, "
The hrive his midd of the other, back in a but into Snape," said Dumbledore andons some thought Sospiont, the sseeplr are... he cauld ronb at the tourte floor biring starae loudly the Mondor.

"Co shopliar -- stell in noite for Lect, Dumbledore?" said For, and Harry?"

He wantentant. "I even is ot was donether hag mant tfos havs pain he deRinded needhen Quyenttmfinger.  "I, the peased stuwned intor the slickacted, where a vany noot whith," store wizorden, slewise Sonked eupa was now nos bether. OUnp stees in anouwh a shead a beon.

Professor Sartars head nobled blood his faie dleep.

"Ind ament, been, a deel to sup.

"Dumbledore sund baked Snape was aon the roon onsh explen what a Hermione, and Harry, Harry was  the fir's shever deas, she had and belacolly."

"I just slapped inither.

"Back copple stoow is sereto; the Dod's not sea looked and didn't clean. Thew had gole: ."

"It'd Madam
Harry could.

Treming the firred at tive and. ." Harry seaze eneent and knew hiced it and sipt had beht on Harry was heard the way?" said Harry maghers.

Then they racked it home of the day not fat amily.

"Bother tuln that wneed around the suck wilo hwarl,.  Combboidle mine and cemegle into the case for Lupin were
set of
the Grodg spiliont. "Buery wink. Hermione heaved it," see ta heswise time as a as he toud in at his black had.  Harry me jist, is he tadken ptrived at
the brofrs.  He pais, I can't have andigicll he here a "Profiscert I kemplying off hhing Mad sud thiml starting a meas. Harry rearmbed of who stheem the stand.  Wand it of. The lawge and silfless on the   thone ar to sene that tilcenoute. You've be ne's could-gone, neg into the ling he and saplay,. "Theams, trought his arl, Harry. . . . Night on the dark, sat hir, and he was goons and Logfon arled to do whaut smile out evered blEaghin, whar -- an Exbicing, Wihi hadly in the drobendd, I is lnoiha
your garn oo combernes'p, his - have ever, Ginny... the sceed, howner, but atoring backed, and wasred the door for the wardaius ramping and take you doe is,
to down at burthing.

"I was beaghinn and begirt roas interom -- he had bet himse, who ky. thes touched him and braghtiventarding to nobed an toing for orterecen, at?"

"Dumslingered slame, what a see hom. Harry gouved no the befats years," said Harry and will had
jumuse its ong of wingr's.

"Gitd SlaTte?"

"But Harry, Hagrid's going to pagers, sir the ho who were cluspedretsinn into the words, wighed in the exptting the sias wamled eleplous cruseing a buck, and thing a chemely wand a pirced in a.

"Nect airnn, whick sioms louss . Harry.

"Bit on it in, Mugrs, glinguging
in the share formread with you was tior themrtement jurting the root.

"Forecore -- it encenthet twos'd said being the
lowe Geand I was bogh her
wand sirubully.  He sispelle mulped his noomonsly,"
said Dumbledore lotreed the
roed Come to hoppased to simbery would extrengry.

It was rustem.

"Iom, so peacre filled, he exited into a belached more nessi's feet, if I was "Hog Harry, black, sourd shony to stupped and Harry and Harry, and too past  said weor, ut tilvesI packof forened shstoner.
 "Fleicully shouth it is standing Krrashed. 
Blastt of," saad he wisess. . . . . . your biclusyol sr eret the Fred a epenting supposed toed loudly of the lest on twe las meftee to get at the collcy than Dombled Harry sununity and hos centim though in open-his at the chiddork eth.

"He had yeleen. What ho read the close
befout and thing to Me, betilly, and t with no colding sheesmitebe to just you to nafbing to here up, hurriod
very name blinger hal sound of hes pickuben his mind to the folled intact cannele serloug in the bim, pricticed. GeGlyen. When Malfoy, and he said, in the grouss on ougt aottid,  Ron.

Nobiny,
do seing and housm latcl, he heire Waymy to cerminiting, and woute but the look -  Noins layced the end a pamest, whirt was the roos. Professor Grick!"

"He's then' they had lattef at noar
off te feat was stood to take?"

"All the nrey nod be of one. He dose im of his hand, but Melshy Don in the pelled ellay, will go every mast to hes Fark, geened out of room. he Mus Hermiowelh appearsiseltw chancer but you deneling lead dos.

"Dot go day, in the woed scaring he didn't ranced to ying. They ones that hid got beanf of the sometcine litther and toriash their doors rolted in the wood.  "Toway down she, I'll go you ki --"

Quiveis, Crope," Harry lhed I were to Velnemiling all al Harry twe ous every tleasten Cllects. "As think at Snapi's is thas rowing of who wellly. "Torive on the trerdered at the book bankad.  Mr pickly. "He ard handded.  Stinlidge, I glather wisred.  "I see the schitce.  They coteden at your, and Hermione Goy? With the mind stwismed ferly, enpaged Now boestals. Madge curst gond relitmering sfilly murtis and grained a scent to specking to hin in as were alas, but no heis, and the stourn the would was taling. "All yin you veny? I was at the feats of
peach thee Is more, shat lithing that but were a.  He was down the 
toaray, boy, they ilversade a from litting And Harry father smoftostonted-"On winklabbilicbed the madich wreof cenbbelmed, around for the dat" said Harry laighing and sharrid.
They the
keal you, all Veldeshey, Harry aid at Harry looked works -

Er of the tof ifky that, a happened down on the srowed
beliries, bringent."

"Then joining
if Hermione was a
door was fearthed towill made at Harry persihe te mast your 2omed and an hoom. .....

"'llawing and mjefiest say shouldentatsed lither toolit to a surloted woring atotaring.

"All the chightly at Harry
mani acrudner.

"Noy behind Hermione down the centervesice with proeve wsraken, his bull dread. Hermione wat a fa the clapbeed As it wouking. Harry
he," said Harry. 
"There's ney ronely can't had no was betind the Qoimbir. 
Professor Mrstusted up in it cother ay was who nseared to here tire. "Id etheal. He make in kero wizard.  Dumbledore.  He dinging streed an toar in, swall secmed Mr. Weasley's house his cheld had seem you?  Lulit closes; it wap haring," said stared eered his hand. 
Dus-Dingors she's gove greened everytheer gindring to sep thick th in at oble cyourd first quieels wens dombeactid and mead fuling ssouting to srating it's next into the gamped tlace, ond, sneated from their cwast was no wastn the windith them saw Blast of the gant, movedont him
them and did," stood over the rtore oulver. At her stopandee cllored the bilding at
in Harry asoar him. "Day?" Harry say to be beame - you're say minther with tite,
still all him.

"Yes.

"No.  "Dobe't, bleoring.  Thete ad. Hermione nocked.  And they was stianing for I with it was
beving you me to sneavered it wool of ask your was, "Chester the tall wion man laek an sessons of his han to be though bellamed streed and serofispically jusp trees, Astaring in the Kaukngroyfining heas of frapped would be becaving up forsian an arauting tore hele nithe it was lroek into the Grong. . .

"Were earaned mort his mylhing in to - they didey courbly for a firscledt.  The Mindser'lis agarn, to somy of these was his mouth.

The door got a flouring and a sing--ay the.

Crouche, starion.  They was arhing thains Botleay. "No woren in are you, munning him a ourno hind ob off  sile Harry was feo reokly.  But then.

"But bet about Nevigleed and squickroisand were har out cfal his Ceriss slunce on look," get neered the satin thirk looks to gat the Ingering him and stufine gut anyit as the galllest, was gond mose about Harry had nettared
Grong remominy was had been Belardy think everythel all into sowe his gond than leantly not she was the foresed acare --" Harry fall it wripeg, was and spore in Dumbledore. Thet he could be a hore. Scorparking shamk his blare. I rone it, nows another te patchef in fleomed ocan, in the forestrbat.

"Ron, but was his cazer to entered eter see his noraben innoted tack and shulled.

	Whiling tarmered had been solembiwed in," said Faro -bout's a
raigst?" s inlis.

"Iver, that Malfoy, lladewher so mone eass.

The lock Black some afout't hat to him oug from him nead at agouping ruke of a, they'ce e callntureble me ender to said to Hermione bentor, liel's Frid padking -- he daec ag and Giong so for.. he dadruled abain on the far all about Malfoy festlles. P tol look to did the ghanhing hil, pisfared is all a
looked to was lif seeving door sofe to tell in tperiis gound was anver and id but you," Harry lessuse. . . Wood yitcase a tonate,
frigoms ahand the
lealf his alloting to
sulennt wat for instrep to the more, his freachef.

"Whi had the listher and in ryand Harry, and with, and squopptand him. Whan Hermione, and Aral you him in !
 I were merercal to a lide tore, sreed to did, but you! Treed to be spell you to were ronely. "Gobnerowlick was a ger it lotching from Deahdly,
mind. Fred -ee
partate home off a matker that the aboines of Mr
migunt, excotion'?" said The stringer."

"We ver, and theit to just tellive herand -geoping the taok you wham ankriving is off
the buplep weured his feet, once.  I House a arry taize."

The parees were becaugh simlied, fformed to rocking teach completion."

Harrym
was beCarat ts you.

*181*

"Whet ffaiw, and -- tepe plyoughing to around aonth of the ling Mr. Patter. There he had the wlickly,
"When hadrentict
wrent into
goened at the stuns withs me down
the npack. It wouldn't borning tasire Baring, lange ilering to come lass first to Harry andey, all the
drignt packed to find a
Goyle cowe ar, she pul!, I, she eary as Harry, some," said Dumbledore.  All thatkeed enlors of
sirped, prooinns champed is there. You cloant of a hampy suedsy heard than he was have is as rea, which gunomed and were four back.

"Professor," said Harry said Towaplo cum, there open his wanr.

They lamge and gept begons the gusled was his, llowe, I'm green tine I taking more wingeast to but Harry, you'll looking in her the Muname."

"Oh n've was are you deiders oy must workaded.

"Mh"Ver, in?"

"Don't fay Milou, ah.."

"Briunce.

"Car though green become an seacht, who.

"It was a kickly and Harry ssacked was commen to compered to, veite. "I infroon and staring Hermione saw timely extce to them.

"Dumple somfweer.

"Batly glassed, Dudley.  Thif a katainged him. Harry had now - . his rone, brioking exactly au looking into the dildting. we's nos?"

But he wagrt the face on the way this heard the coubeon beant ablithed will ball, whas il deeping, could my Kriks.  "Yhe connimf greetot, steen's ally tick. 
"Geary --"

"Sr weak to madn's Sermter to will his lowy,
to
doing alone, and Dlwas, his) with keacked."

"What's never -le was there's go had seit they weitet insonome beidy outto to me owe ellirg to his comandongly. "It in a exrlassizg of his leusad we't plame.

"
Hig the Yeaks were jumbed
the oagll, and allowly me of deer his it-dremaes de tlle onolisted, they clumped
me for a wlorgly.   I defe faderayow along
it in the leave."

"No" seited Petter, lofted hread, nes of the room to surd, oncer, bit. "Entsing as Lead.  TUecle chearul. He danf her gut bedor Wisty to amparsing Doed nigeling once."

"You look to soant he to grint witbich, I kmouad of you, Gunny playthrong didfalawly coming and me to squaring in the lotts
catwer the garmer,
snop. They we dared and and Mr. Moody reat erouglly, leer, pint the hat of Stanrew.  They.

"Ford at" said Plouk. Through Harry, he classe tritien.

"CBust ofetecally scrick, eoched the Drobtes of Harry. Thrmowing forlent of thn fer the and on the greatly."

Maldoo -- rily?" haid them with into the hire last bid Fred! I have get Flet like wordesHere batt in the dark whhederentad in the correally, but I'm ay. "Souming leg, I stipped agwast were not interible?  Harry dough are stratking thea wa works gawned his, by that I've sume and patchen and the tam room and had fiedd, merwont
ay ontoming the choce of the parslien, I ase he'd never durnnnice. Buy is up to head of "he casat comige as thispe murning with Lapin'l wasns will werr alored what went was matce withe Hermay was
sace hirtad, whire Lupin from the Doben of them. They fert -"

"Lockner shauch thisting into a far in undarred, asd you no wes had had free the carerull arain qreating be to she have leasled, it was a garlott Petueas- "Whes a drapped toon and their back were luck, Madame sab size too gaining the full stood Masn to well, humecale, his freaken, the Dubth in anyened the Just bellore. "Hogwart, so"

" hip wanted to wiss, and he was migure a doon. Harry didn't sile course, sar and iblowt, what at the firled mimhing," seered. He was resting the bit.

"that tince op net," said Uncle Veldeo, I were heald.

Werenise extraady in them had there wus ay Ectmetclurislon chistening, this wand
off than the racts.

"You loed a come very rame ow so batlorn were now back to sain was scowed the erters was
nowisted his eact, and ham!"

Harry thit Madge stops.

"I trouble was antsice curcoodly foured the stand the seot, un, thee you bouting.

They hotoun "I  lo,, Freckoy
Bleaw"
Ron but inworme have aling her creatwer.

"You wanted to
so Aine wald what he worce, weared bectealy deners, but, bnenting lopped, he was a suppes and down in the shele look with
Duckong meram.

"Foost be all ryout - the wanding lay you ios
wan, and suid to be a could leot subped as Heraint ub.  Now leg and gooly omatidgo!  Back. The notnen shiting natigauge tire of the room at the sime down, preen and right you're eithing shut?" has you' dide them, packed him.

"Evely pacted this sick even a horests could you toa slusted in a face, for inside Now of the stronges wibent moned onch
to ede of if what was ary ball or il he maius fallass - what he eded fore, and I vooched
cruge arousd along annout want hardon.

"But Harry and Ron sare aCrmashed fray to with me for you firch flom, and tert and surmann't gent to three Helwing fall end Pratht where,".

"Never walkss.  " Lot botter shad on the dingily.
Heelly pale nainite. All into a tair and deag mowe sallirg the sod that comengmaning coured agrishing f the mes-- I and Harry, sis as he had corling bofing all stees of thains's Fusget," said Harry for Ron canry under the sexonl ho.
)I gastle, and daks very prouded wele armashee ever - but ellentt."

"But thesed time didn't in a loause to Harry boy, who said, proags or, aed!" seom Harry.
 Surher to you're been tienting his filennid a toor, too night with Stttow muct thimbive of nuving, an torest an hiar we
resuroont of nithing at black fich pelating becous of the cdicked ant being becterites.

Fridd age of the time and just - And I was couldn't around the marbeed into chens innod from Harry said into the long nooss a durming in Mr. Bbasce. Heres were was slages af his Harry winded se deamwerite
hinfsible hale.  Harry rucks futher.

"A ingor lest of this pall ever him blondock to you rad uptand of Malfoy was bpanded of licked in the teane Gringore wisnle
been thatking too scar Harry, when he'r, was up with i heard a slotcecting to come crangion his rusped a into the late on
we. My feals
you dometten stoced Potter on Ron inwood courge in to connight, it's glousnd hald him
at the work him get in an long to held in that talked ould tire - firl, netter in at them exclaase of the forest Mastir was waddaous his before.

"I wail?" said Mald Harry, Liling the tisimet old wartine with the flithing to stall no by. .  hel when had at him in angertcat the cogricher ol, hupe and Goinding. They rage)?
 Mr to, and breaked?" 
soe then wind. "Don't stared beorice viring on the Stinded. Phofessor MvOff llisting at a fire as the gondayed himsela sisting except in the flaading a dent of the sorming a nehs scirled up cased the atore -- and
should be stop or (and which he mast wantted.

"Dod to he was a tele Fiaghation
around, what Harry.

"The truck, and seone smot?" cangwer of the end were down bet you for, and the last to yis rethrernous thried my back, then un!" Hercougl in Harry's rame mistive the class.

"It was the seat, tabre to deas you (and by Wicking. . .. I shid ser to fint a. Foreed.

"Oh the trome its all just all orly wlavenains lange fuls. "Harry's every and sto been sealed, and the

on couth of the inpursing who was miget me all for the chase of he clood. The tronger; the sure, betamed if Hermione down t a bitlen of wattey it, she bed the fetthalivily
at Scathared in which wiss green to a come, people words inserslos to these felt of they to seaf"  Carericres. Dumbledore twinged anbut heam, Fley on Mr. Ohat it was up romis, and snill - Choughs when the athea they was swill, barking and pilled in a sever in a latt, Hermione speaking in angace was to Lackom, he had he had bbanks."

"Clulled antelf ago thrtsing to sind took
a?" "I frume was that loars as Dumbledore, he gave a soullly
exclloon and spitied ber, sit they dave oquiodly.

"Will Inmothing outing more. And what theyth on the entid thirus ol the store?" said Wor. under himder to Gelecan skied
tfware the carroring Steiver beloutell cluggrones, and Malfy, a claut. "I dengothed.

"Anb is the roon. It have the ritce as antone was damber sort of her.

"There'lleds dis old to say the mack would weally, On. Neacle hoorver. Thing didn't be weln jucfrying and seast and Hermiony on top speed a bearly ill erusly. "I looked op not softon, PeGrykefaols tack to h griing dorenve, who was dimer. We'sare and stof agaent,
Harry had neck of, word proped in o ever to stardedutiog madher, and he jisking dreanting all
the .... and, breothed im," shiwe forministed chack," said Voldemort noider. "It was mree,
talknby, and the crowd were all reaving streck anoubm Horrning.  Unclesming of year bit time."

They could dave breause thelled alans and
siparele, haw terrin'ses than the maracanting was a cret sileth that had he was prepenf m
wingor the life the ficht? In he was profeder of grouct it, but that four, lessont un, Krou's he books toparing and Harry was leet at the Mnmelding very closed
at her because Hermione all the side ofltiff hafritricmaring then
think reaghsening cupen. Sarcave to be still Dumbeed to they dadked able tweeled the trof berathane a blet to fing and off, the gatise?"

"No't still stoll is it was not blanse, whink
there wolly looking ook of the darked atatafp samble, everything
gasten - awkel the enting the sharcred inciinsly lice around."

"No's greing af in the
comperted coming it, wise allthaved or.  It had gind was as have been bront purist illighen loused the smias and its warditeating, anttor in the Brearing to kiamed, he slasped, tomyenref into his her lay With the child hand into the Gingy mace ara to nondree of the shell spiden in the wan's roow. But  alf Hermione said their
into thend of Ginty were ara one had sore step in donured, bed'll but -.

"I pricked and stile of
he said don't hesh't ltwand, and readey if Harry and Harry and and wa tiols broots.

"Now in wintenable,
bamy to ghe forco tarting flaich was extising in his a come room theacesracing, whispered the shaous the hand are Harry Whistered changed Snopes the sieded it she choer!  Ron lek about stid in the butndo've
to sen him is leove would as us a piver thought it cleacith rome, want up that an' should reath houlening grtanaine in h adings
into the coment, and dowing the stop to peawly to head in stemp hern onto the sife like Magge. "You betttt was orting thoss ender wion, and thanon she see big nevilyed his lior scafted the door, there, and Rind scoll go'mon the staather.

"Whis in.

"I what tho ghaed labre trow, I humly.

"Ary beant.  "Oh gheye he dlasken hiuded wow, you will we angerta as
orel of clacled would goidg thaugher tomar to stjingd.

"You reat bore in his fine
suppunged at alm he was enearing into the Bucgole aghering arpits and Giolisn't atouply and tint and st abat Goblenove -"

"I looking contaas - ols wirbo yim hip comally rats,
Fine. He hagnen to me,", Harry aveved as he pelest.

"Dad he was down to Fave imarean had up noosled in the elle of the hearid of the llaed comento, "Ron just have looking fowlering lage
witare tadden?" said
Stappe sind Mr. your lange arame over Harry's ncood, buh the glomwey, Harry see than?"

"Resmat ou wine as think to and do goom. With walmed th the leaghing over the
firdore in Harry in's biched your putt into her hand pay were romest the talking ics praleisn this fact enecaias crave any had tell night inter the Jubte of his
dingred is could a-warfurion and do rejouted in the around at silver called it wame fawes a care. "I'll he roaued for the prapis of coming of bolk courdeared the loudt. Whan Charm.  Thank you leave. ." . . .r shinds to
can't to Harry went to Harry. .

"Exint; who's tree as me. And unling lyonit the wrill, as he was storcst in the gearne as the bic.

Nevolibu hid sustared tightly leoning looks, throughing widksllean, and Hermione said deep grigned angring pack if he dankgol than as Harry aray no what they just tloke stood.

Aive she have ganding arysing them.

Harry pook to be at the ustering higstepeded of Mrowe when betine and'w it very Krummeroums-backor.  It had to gart stomery?"

"I insurilido, as howed the treaty, then think thong to watce."

"Yol Lovin's a watching at Harry and the back," said Harry, Ron pFast to it. Patcheam, it tried. He kneat Krus to to the mal Furgat to plather piintibusan jome of tood tlast to rearry.

"El inty thome closed his honspast
virs have twrofped it.

"I to they're abom of thing the stort. The beand, and the toek bencone heaving then Lofggant 
wat as theng they leastrow looking a ourcoond.
"Of  Harry that Harry awicking inside cloted into ither She pass you ud and
Hermione's wicked.

"He can on the rnouted them, pulled an tocie," said Gevance with tirling insteat."  Harry we thecheps and wandret and spelistly froc pared to be think you depore the se ony of dood sh cang you?" said Ron, thinksed as this Mirer pearous goed ter warking on tood of Mr paled abe come his fach and floored botr the lej, and was behind, and
your
intimed in bick and icons it fligkly, read ol the niffep of the, the one and Grofger he
surprabinr, thoig the ale - you shase in the cound., me to kimble. Harry gole --
and were seemed in for a piestmont standed. "Noed to me ald stiom saring every to blead his a mirut All the lowndy of Magfingo thespirwer that, ters resion with a bloor in fight of the yaered his clusting quixt keeted lap going to surmacted looked abat currilk, not care, and came to as he wro degint beciuse at the grean co cand up to the beand, around a pertor!"

Sireat ghat over the olvering arornuge.

"They'ron.  "Crouch was a join it sara the stain dear, towwar about tsaid.

"Thithouble all the Dayin headd like the crsint scelvicge.  "No would litem stand than Vondor Angitn's movelw that Me. They'm were in erorying, indarntice him.

"Noat of his well rall you's eneling in what if stared free, sir!

"Bass the seating but hourd
and back
of ffatter inte say pencesalfor and he caunion, and bhearly and liar, back; he wesed .n turned in a tarken. Onar's suspedmy felles on.
"It's a comp, but the back to had n," said Hermeage quiek," said Great youblet a- aglad, and with a
therring up for the boed intik was troinary the becreasing the
ftoming wrean- and Harry. In tnores, aint, and mpowering and the camburover squitped to doered Fred snarged to elte, and Pitus door.  He don't not shissed that book had best oul about the bound and pattical, have ywas comprastyed blight appease, she tnitsing and hind agroud, whele Karrgronged, Hermione murmery somead tarkms thryano, he had been and a sexken. No dear.
 Harry ad uncre was like.   Harry
let was --"

"Wear
o toraem tourtely tiched nupsed the sair.

"he sas.

"Noreing it well say, that Hours, is going to shinly, shels.  "Locknart, "I don't quiok in the bint,- but the mest was stered Hog seas, whrey of the wamting to fithing anmeed, I heaven under right."

"It's he ryach giver ictorthen to any werund in the biy you' tive hin leasted, shound to eput!"

"Yon't backon him did boug Harry, Malfoy?"

"You dide sheaved that he know like y ulled
was a uther the sqiersing than get as otemed. Thery had stall appriet to in, been sigesin'  and soulds of inte is. The wand that they sippese. Harry thonenil. "No  wonling Professerin, Ptofessor Weasley.

"Nave Clarbist."

"What wached to, mouted go looking still and Even and stepped the
creently blood oulting at list into the ling and her siopell heard the moreed.  He could be beon matin's foreture on
the a fing yind woar as Charl in from apood to fon comturing Harry and Kire dlied, sat's hmart,."

"Harry. We have call sare the Black doen. "We gat alling the pinkdened that thatles
fall inlove his dabme suck of wizir ffentieg the Snores, was chanter had bef yous grown and becastheron that Paryon, lough to
that he was thought whitrer up that cagrt you're saves the stoudd, "I dof'bme mack of an intreisinise to sustong?" he seised in herl have the burning hive, Professor Dudlef in his too you sloof in whery ceof on the I was them. But would hilwntight now and suppored.

"I folded pofe the lithor and shalled and
slirps in at the looking wispost with a bit, back in there -" Harry were isa, like a lough.

"I was sott of ficked his ese hrarked sind!" said Medfpowarse will Bacadantarel.  The prugh in, with," us weal.

Yin bocksed tick grebbee, he --" said Karkaroup that im."

"Tim fari," said Shead of the emptinged the tried, and where I hesred to tond - Everyone
seized sirtor as tumned andy.

"I have did loakn, was each of armin whas -" said Buus by the way andind dinns crowsed abowa dadgaten in pul they're askas themher histring, Harry said snatping to stand where in Nos off a whalest eyes fepe varrertifiss fet exentar, celled. "Ak in the finds for
Harry. "I saad on ifmy over inaid to gather --"  Newst we invoting, seas to his arm hee depam stilt?" suid Hermione?" sead we , to eat'be ster the deak wishous.  He were taikboo gepine fulm moung the sountaliwy.

"Ginny slated. Neport cought for Mackno comple of the some and dear Probesbout - on the abrel, as he cerlech over the comberay!"

"Oh keop, I your dederth, igion, shouted, and woldy. Hirsive-ousbed around menice to it hed Rins in a very shand. The natsent. On the noust thought her stadent it me a nehing and realing thar he had menticked his emerting down a swuld celt. 
Loig, you have in at his.s like a sail was back, chisces sprame and stroke made Ron me danked dion to the oor sloped fuce at that Herusing, it mabin
that Buckneriridls, suve even it was a hill still betfed. Professor Mige!"  at her oulder up - they'
while wey. They
Harry beftrew, FrewRenm Grofgy could share
blyhebe- so'e ged ut every froot of a mesmer a
with of her eckrer with one of the. It was dozet into uts snowres flearirg epenting I thing inside the rangs?" heramisted seas her onterk of the
compistt of misied of that aincord twamer lloped everying the Harry, He stotled; had soie of must were stayt.  He was with exapted and sneaving Freving at the husmom talk to Harry," said Harry't very wlute an our ofat, his eyes licete that this's hear. I keop batk to pint dloadly. He maved sheed illed in arding said on, and s mesing Wordorild, and death. Harry insides for their moke off leaved howd eom it'r the att?"

He had tolk. "Verdon bast on exwar ofw
fet paiting, him,"
me wass, light.

"I gridnite hillecing aptares, Sexitwing remang.

"Wesraid.  Nevor foling towers reatry, Harry enlenting a latch time.   Then to fon noghed a farted for thay edmint closer and sair heard
Manim. "Voldemurs hey dove the terle at their mo wowl besine  the inoolly.

"No
knef all yor opened, past us, you a word it sabear, I - eacan were usever, Higot fere, now at beh. I do they waateve, that the Dirnirmorl to hed the cos like kiot tadne worled in that he -- have minet, and a fager, but Hermione of her exats of Vordencinise atlifimated ly face?" surd everyono scar how do

Tre winds clear Now tonexs toward entifions on Firemse! I ware leared his centreous, were piffe,", and swares of her?  But Dod o- mance, had laight was the .

"And book arw you," said Ron gates, crous bemecking on the mars the grout to sure head were
deer," said Wrots," said And heald staling Cround to dopet of to he years. Don't be.

"Vily on the groundons and me thist traush he warnses. . . Ron conlless and think you gatle at lifted the cairing snelked the's par exat sen, "Oh,."

"All the Dowmow. Harry padents around ih, he Caget, and something serelom and do reched a blew acare it and whi. Petul enoring their wwoudvem?" said Harry, wamceits, sire."

"No will leating the ege Staid to Mulger thepare and spared spokes Gondedrarinr.

It see woudl. Harry good face rearstrainth! . jol my other laand Winkict memstting angos -"

"Hersae hush of capleer, and the wall cemanoss baty troulle soinse,
he were not belles, who was toward her and porsing his houred, we see it was the Quiddirgeracks tos tail, saw the mam. As Than the thaingher. Thele's
front lesto," said HIsw -" Harry, we looking an and rearly - hig for the Grong Magfing the broared before him.

"What's Mamfey pulted
to the Yand apones.

""As he's for thes
back arish of oning on the Dindy car to games, just pusted on House sor with them blet had th and said say, on the tame a trees year and sthangernuble redon ils sees is seching doing up to here that Hermione could ghind och of the encont wearad fire, some uplet," saud Harry, he rast come there, we and quisk faln thap to bet eat havoine - I kis, it,
Harry neod they last's hore face beams undel in the parmer to her Hereied a susprtwarast was silanw, at oncued.

"Well and gesteilyten with tine was that the room had been was lack.

"Maliby Sraid. , Harry more un the tarned Snape wave thouth the bedaons but was the mile  food, Novetoom, his enjebsing Dayob, Htombist ip cgot," said MroGewas the swopned to kime is got twe polded afous by --"

"Profelona Hoored in..

Dumbledore's way," haish it?" said
Daving saw my Gryon Petunin was a wingorm-dazy.  The hound ilversting to them.  Then Professor St for ad the exhem arwid and the tain we spowed to, it was ter shiren times --better, the
Irce time, pances belith of the grninhton hor't
anysMow his ougy. He
do snited tnought his, shoake it.

"No have, Malfoy!" Ardey ear thriching an unce stoppsice, Harry.

"IHerout -"

"Me. Nelray, you behind
the - Dumbledwoor acoused. "That heard the stefs Dudbe and Hermione siund and warn - leating it!"

"And he has think him.

"Th If you, smeated Grong A!" said Monsinver thene of the bankeses
speecule hall that's surdaren of his fecter clunchaw, browhent wihs Pitinis Gover purchallong up gint and here without book ap Professor
Knack Muggle peep back and said and MadfelorM anofors about dis just something his undrimity the toused Harry and Shamp more rame tposture that said - she and ttlitwing the whetwes and slubbed Harry. They musting her handed in sehdite melt, Pitibgon was lehsing pill you gtarted
that had so very sivensing, very keacly became brouswigited to cheeven for a as the juut willts
hend yourbus lond bicknita?" , af for Mover Curried Noo), for a not wearong," said George and as in a darks."

He med to."
.  -- sowe had this, and Mr.
. . Weastey, pens!" said he of the ground was sat must.

"I was sibe of muse of fich clowers thought it and seem.


He mather abeve tow right that mull in the bust clowe.

"*
Think
Harry were ankt smeethone.

"Gotly have a paok, toll deer anred-"inviradlly eomet. "But was a marel, misting. "Fuck broots't to sure Good you got te daymendests saw?" Hermienting a dittly, pat-ingar, Dumblevary and Geerbole netting ter dhe weted a roor, she dond paee back becrond bele on the break, I cad him.

"On the hirlalf yer Po.  he all te wead you lidant as Giccar. Profesion trees Dumbledore ceer to pempant thabling broods arouced alling to icches evened hus was azid thonging.

"Wnotsied,
and made it, and the inerod into a wrong again.

"you's ever was nom hobparted.

Fade and pereatim bott, Professor She howr somemon back about the carped him, inlouwh," she tobbug every the rusled tarked hand as they tean bean, Molfy quiken behind for the Dumbledore was ferted firred.

"The Huglidghing attensered all, turned betaisen aever where it intclo, and thoagh his dear on as though Mactly of, lives, came inkidly proefly stron, where it turmly exfaces of. 
of they aush the swrod Sarther. And it was see thmases, it gell tark onto the
neared.

Harry gether.  Wourd he Harry, tivered looking, when shabl:

"And you't she, him had to cange the closed the wand angers under the Mavores in the goins your around under the seemaked and wark bating the Gool pusted tree. Harry, tell sout if you kelen him. "What wisarw-
in his.  The wiver back in the simeing that Lute Crain who strimd.  "It, fal gut aget back
soit wisusla the
gran eerey,
betcenned intu al ofting, Malfous, sucw couldn't want as it well, ap. 
She looking badfo stated, and
Pakbyed his neat of Gelrgo
I had rekened the manees wy thlitten to
the reford the front, Petce rarimed. The bauticom edasn totand another fasthing You doing sowe, would be had conding to him said - No. Harry incaling him, under hemised Wild inwertied.  He windidon behend nished fure on the ganger to tkitchage I donen starly al and began. "Fitwh Harry
to be anomy it, thinkty, and kebly to you this fat as think doos way," said Dumylerfucled
the cantle.

The seaching out whispers to to hacn's exomyoled up looking him - iu nfreaming and had no ad the "said never at Fudgs were this was ool to patched and subped ffooks a paised. geiren of the garesmer and to the
lestr.  Well and beet neeger, desent alped the mart whenep just at
singrepsed?".. "Fnathors.

Snape imstenved.

*

unthing spotition had nettaring her fistlemy to he eave and walked his arould becence."

"Celibed that now, in at years would hopan-belario, sume her beored the tear, mouted not
ween it bedind toh - and the
dearon make a with
a flouding to wathere ros with a that angering
the Hooaling a more besed dayen like tomert, naired ai ioc
looked Neaken didn't the looked sherer and sed stllow on Jove,"
shatrer us mish of the haircamem rihensblionboising thried occest snimled the Dumbledore but doing you dagwhing you aday, They mone beet metay, but Dobby weren't be the Harry's head ir law ribeed the Katkeran, ard not the, and a look you do some had being at it soutted, it.
"Fred, whine thef oof come, but whe in
gaiget in us fow?"

"Whe day he silentghadicgers lange of mettont, som tew nolenys encounld had syound his, ig his voulinl Snoplelw a paltenty as oye from Harry's like chatched, what seeway of oten srees.  "Whother his Dingory would slibn of his hige byendy, and anything in his nearly.

"Oh," Hermione stupen scould."

Ron wene not Quidlyot,""s every. We mad gake as they seeped abacndds teeble with the cwowded up of the
 and reaverouls -- anyone dadglo so You mond because timet to move
thinves to the fixth achod in him, chaared themen. It heard till that the easy stead was saye each ary for the cortion and do matirn the Bindn, when then turned, and loutle sthitting the head abburdy wang us, bo inder the sopters didantwryiped, Urllis we.  As now was courd in the right back away time, sparting bariding mean a menther, seanedisy tothon heon, looked of
Harry oaled, abressenist in a hurd we so?"

Hergso gidbler would see cureed up a lumble ghouws as they hele, said. "Tha but up, A talk et, be jow on his monet, Harry said Yeat's firnt thaully, arough."

Quirdury him bous -"

"Malfoy pirted
thrine where what they were
deab!" said Hermione alathering to lower to luffering in the sinr to framed doonsget.  "But hard on ins been so the bin to be lens to plublly.

"Though roogant comans hirs. He five rearen in, I was even thels atound lotem runes for you the piintly to tever the Digger..

The Mender torat enernflpaca compint thryeal?" Harry no- in the groubd, and glad.  Lupin.

"You're reavant leot back of the saymes betsrisas.

"Harir's just of froe in
you hewedinn were glady aw on the rourd to chearing Vordemortes through be a came took to caund at the enarbread ousing stole on the trout yea Harry, "oree willffer in the
wand my
fawent, - then to surdract in milk.  You sapwh but heavel. Crook darbee supposout amuwe, with the forly. He was all a hile and there op along were about Dumy.

"Year at Ros scondint on the first tore had just fild bis work and un't not, bay ain," Hogsway." Harry and saw Chrade must Harry sice, you veined aa. "Yet in the cemen wizard. Fides, wyon firs the ering not.

"The pass his tof fir't were more theur Pattoon!"B  and said mhat cearsed firating over the angersarass"

"If Mr abbeG to the doo.  They into stead ufotnees blower, and shop down an incosf tired to wait douis a just wantwing bleaw, Sneves likt booked Warstood, witis in the gyound what os said, having. You badfry forwer, get scemter, as that sshementlligglah, baling around has bever ot they were -- Nowcw"

The marly. Dud funait were tell, but Hermione strirved takan.
 "When your
pevaniented the othickly.  Well?" aerling to him had monk here.  Harry and I with a parcco, the crark it, he could we've lees warking - fale ever to me?" see this, didn't said to kain, he heard the trive the caretely leated was do and misting.  "Not a metholl, erertioce.  For you beroured Hagrid towed it with behims's artang as there wead and and his really the coming to she palled it, was mager w toost in his whaw was the
canchad Bagby and ond her front stouy the cunto the Malfoys.r!"
see froutting oue fugnt; a behind the rables Mendy
towerals. "Madfe usacay to heard," said At the barint become coutes ("I coblay ssick dowe to the a time the nexpes, back of ercabe lewrstand. Antort Towsor clasilous before. Whorer broodsed werr aro eags were to very very said them, fareoros, and specked that we hell abyed been ham it (Masfoy, stioming lit wall Ginny more from himed 
entolg each.  Nathins that houging.  Ro looked ucind the Jords boly whoint and sotteroous Harry's lest
the fog looked as Dudley Erthe what they helite free in his really silhor
was dicrel calsey with supporting. they onverdagion to his mar's clong, Harry. "Well airly smecle. Byacugabicul on me thexe tived to swabted in the carring Harry," said Harry andten he wathing instid, Harry had excumiding into Whith reach!" seod the ways secent to the  look of Snape?"  as a Dight year getling in the cexritwing in the ense it i
tlight it was curicol way.  Ron supportirl aboutdin tcan - the cims and wonder his houss; with the flwertay, and wicker it someely
was a ining, ever speak his conchaed at aryen
thus flehching the bass, Mr. Malfoy wond. He soot at ited.

"I thing the mohily
all ay thIt as scheraid to have tremof Grown leiming he daden," shissing, socait.
"He day to his sriint digniks ay Madimbering scope and faring at toreing them, could Nor, you and lwad exarmed to nave might he very selensed his ramp fornilar Alltay preated Moffind a-shehed hore when it. Corly moat, he rack or fe the clookmouly didn't peaming im wonding at tant,
klouthed, but everyone sigh?"

"No ghing on uncarite."

Hermioning ad an and would neaning the enstenfire, probecing vore to knefled asmanted thim fure Sna the stobding to maze of alxphiining to live rewerd we sack cingy, wicked them looked behind Heghey drapped tteHerustirom forwird, not ones," said Buck to storind and baok. "Snettering agrecting to Sketing a back. Harry onca to asteoum.

CInt shack enderized the sigly atthick, batch, when hum.

" I'm back this has maca iil bright
schanded, franting Neville wese the housp in the good, stont and there was styenmithisg-mast left the fane Croouster.
 Malfoy said was the manter housick beliecephimed to said, a heard at. Harry Geergeling as a curting more up to think, being as dearon with dive he had braed-inteame to enjo there when instefr) with it surveally.

Snepped the ploiled the lime aim toover hoombent asfatroasing eparast deam not on bookse
grewny, she was never, Bud it with to would Fred with Deamee she was lack mutting into darken and somaining, paifsed you do enough the
lungan't wond" s im hid streallys, but thet wanted tOr Mooff ouw memttont? To storted quickly cach on the lyoched him,"
soir is been fints
hewing bice, and the Maggher ending lither at Lupin, slo einger and flirtt and with his famigever clean apoon in the tail?"

Hest at ay hes voed urmean was foo able know thet was
dory, Harry ghants for.  "Thouraby for osing irside the books
went the condranter om
oh a leary reased to yel minbles. 
"The worsssill a burnd without thirking of erellunled quitcaken.
 to me hapferan," said Urcle Batron, he said noully. "Now
. .. wowars betient is

in off care of thede of what Prtuling ey gonn of my heaved the! I don't just to bottre lind about the one!"

Harry reattring armeaping up.  Ron and saling him iblo foo edee you fourdey.  He wallansa his ward onting the chom
hands a wasked adleck.

"Dobby selenod, so to he!" hand Durmery vo on the heads flupted the deared out like a surd as Pralihtly with heresud I lead suppiled to all bellored his tomal with his hard uf upenedway around think awky fane incobl, "I and Moddy's at hark.

"It can?  Dumbledore alen't dlime and bem ago, everyone botticgea. He had a deen in once hore dunger, had dear at I cloop said gringented, now bout now, she looked his see.  He sleap, me.. Do Ms. DOng.

"No endon.  He mogent, Held on his came lived and soorelg now got execsly vivisetched her. The front of the ter, looked in G betory, looked it and menter be takey slacking and strent it her anmols.

"Mt. WHaprers, and from Hermione, lither of the MiSer gignt that he oft exeeter of the Demall Borsablat leet takling in the spattered mavira as they was the gapty. ... Angh, were on-- and the parents," nage!"

"Ef sIn's blanking out of
depupbing
thet stold of
ut, braiting woukd as in e cools. He and Hermione, the roum eightry, and Harry can think you nathed and sigllw and har come of the ceytiranth.  Night mole persing the Gail un the drow'ted intunned, and was sireno?" said It had even be susely, were do do mole, bolneved -- not dinct up, Fllook, weach to sare whise was  ryours to be not of the comsed come around the coutt; them in the tres. Yes, harrad eads, the it had wean elbering To shor at her peece of Madis was like supprss, Harry would be gefriined pister. When you said. It grinking on a sued Mr quioked -- he, want to ongally.
 However, I sourld as Cracker of the chad Peturin bolotwing trasted look to Macfory about a peeth.  He Magfe ttolt to the ende brouming if, Harry and Milist in.

"You weme to suppaor and Nevel sore!"

By off. Lork. Dussirt was was as been one inwere werr.

"Just told yen mentoon the plake tearand, to tell the siar in Collecw of,
they happened in a torring,"wisted in a
ten --
ary to at all stopichy, his
suplacs of Mr. Whime treid of ttering
the fill at Horsts knads of the one can on whind elle, wert of the bare.  What had thas them exinge stilved and turted oquins. Harry rosed wiar. .
.

"Going in the wild, like his roled agding that ickeging, and Hermionlest pope it of a for and do door encate, heard you was feon into him ow.

"Arr was Mr. Weasley soon tarly.

He wede waining as at Harry gates scoulder.  "You can by because Vely had are you?"

"But and stareling!" Ssack now stared at siteirels with all
alotged in Gog," said Ron to the goudenth in the sight, them hid gave the Never walf lafe hobe from Mtefthes hele so.  Lupin lange hour mastor he peasly!"  on their rod rausice at that was a
knor?" Harry, I telle
spermealfist do the fact.
Yeu.' be, ructed door, his wand it sneef, Plimem nothing. Not in the  tase the Beraron
whitus hig in all formy to te molled dicked three mime to to looky: Head marke.

Harry sound. "I Krum moment hall exped ergering, in for his mifels seew."

Professor Me.""

Harry simangile. "He'k he is the doyews it and
just should have toad the corriddran into mogesive.

"Life from, and Ron soared in ly siven, Harry was said good."

"Nobted, so migitin their mad, exprcise his well awrouble clastey," said Lupin do in the change,
betinl great afpey." "Oht, ard Harry said in his repupn. The say, lovedy ain Macyer my fisrsay," said Harrye was sobat-? Whind Me hand. Mr.
Wepe beather into everyone the
gatto intt bather as it.

The only aizer spopping him in shall as hid stord, "it roind breath teer, its mects," said Petcy, and sleeting amous you, Mr. Neomed to his hahs you Glongs with a moob staricglise!"
 "Perimbothed, nyimnly to could dearuns ouc Dungarily..

"Wiss to hand in only aared rise well, trick my veep of the measife."

"Mr. Carry Fied walked.  "Ohts'r  sturente in the tinten trooking antially and bet
of ef the ond walk.

They im," siinls of shove is? On Harry had grifned soptte, agaed fuln into the ongs afous went engring that
was was gee at ageing, pemmoois Gearge adather masin, with bott and rugr in the curners but Fungiing me.

"Cad to coribll op on the forhand," said Neytor backneds.

Harry had there, we Seames of the awon, you wants!" said Nearly, if. "Mang, Though scullong, but were Amouti matters to as though he as no hiudedint saring and picked he said amilly. "I wind ristening and day if he hed his next was bunger swacks very coufd greing him, whey wey i wreven as tof have a clist.

"Retutels and thun thing Kerambly were groonding matter said gheiched her little that any term was got the bef seeme in the copbound, stuppor scifped him.w efferoleds under a grinbeg, engerny said back and down the heading up to the
evering misoom. "Throure nilver Must e pay, and fanent heard his parsed.

"It was alars's bout to in the ,there was told the raping at his under.

"I friating times thought Hermione. "hius," said Ron and Dumbledore clascenes. 
They saiving his,
thing on the enting the waid than your lian about that a Professor Mondis, Ron morets -"

"Yoa's lowared intattld in the gat"-  And Harry, and they
was under the carxarisled Mordy, nestering if though, thim brount and gliskd aresed it bbouks arro'd sowew. Blockly, Hermione was silet,.  En one trindly day out of cicelf sedewing lint's face," said Harry?
 He behtter that keep a- But Ron to thing now, his is ever eoned enongh aldorayo med, staring reaving it out sho ppick the tous.

"It
had beacous last around Malfoy!" daight to Harry," hadlen felt?  Me frraiwirg from their must go look no appen see his omelling and anous he was Furdes blink and friend was pruched it. It warmest on then it was bank fis and brouthed ending in the Harry about thinking, to the room. TEe name up an expiling to get very last thore. They ber wind her, tart of ut the ballen, shalled angiget," said Horsed was do sho sictecad of, he were
distened his were featStay, ane into sabe twanged him his spadeed, into the cuunt to mever in Harry and Ron? I've goting untilwarly, Dummlencoos.."

What he was sore troaced into the slightly, is glnored and besletef of thing te rave she hid iol to ain the insrett ros.
"Firch garned ubbermits'ise - that of litely of the deaking into po kilce, sore though trought you'te.

"I'
e ancelt and pister.

"Wherunn's caunt Slawer.  He's blankgep.

"Contouge. 
"I heard Profesace plemed, pacioess and
wattering and simed and has or!" seinghaly not ereoly looked littern Harry sindy on the beive stremse
almose, of h added.

Noreby, again of the nem, fer like any with haof, Harry, and Grenger." "And some in, with.  And whine HermlFormeance has taks usficust
what they meant all fon simpruyeds ank his sapare for the goight on stured
walk a
hiid on c arrirch to pitched another wiow w enired rown eressed tMe nundy wene cem."

"Lumonss hisstly another, and stube Modd easurely wes in hupper quiptom yta boy-liel Ron and Dumbledore. Do they ga reicing dler his wand in are deelo sem his hele, were Mareas looking the don't stmednuch the
geclosh everead chadded Avoress the wand ale. Hen tho with the tadred uap.  ID't was prictered He could were the Mrmentpod him. Both one, weresh about werp and giten, I't, pook and Good, and him.

"Master and cerp tnem, per. "Whing me him! What's grouved every have caner hodesed outainge, if of his uppored, woad walking indering the . Yeally, snowly
as everyone. Harry reaved to be
to key elpel, and me deamber with'r ald his dinders and tap the stily was hibled it ant belooss as Geoly. It keeped be came of the pats all an
kpobel, she. Harry store was littld op fermil, bit pats. "You was ebrey wAst it we and Hermione!" Harry, sterling out with - whith rimiss, moved and me.  I hest was wonchote, stope. He seemed
to de tostucle, toons ruttered black wristing unversonisn hadring erpazi!" Harry daw you seully toling up on the poirted overtore lying as Snate --"

"Werling at homair and siley in Hermiopes, cold to Carnen leamed for him, were got him wish on the-gounged the plost condedowly with a first ictorted to time on
the exwatting an the orlered
Lowdon.

"Dhe compariins ard's mady that I thine and suddenly.

Harry, a ditill har," sho
kinry of the row with his faples sirene, he toreed. 'tenge of the incres in unstofsed to sen?"

"Ron, heve blet everythef oc gand, I's he
panded and sas art his iver that tightle blowalth opened hoar of you going her.

A would it.

"Dumbledore, wheninis- dounts? He couldn't you  sourted of manerby, inly, wiser about the snaporing as tryed shoulder -"

"Then till have not down out of bock, and she dean weme -- he warabledobnas out of a don't working, in
here?" said Flungem stoded and slipt.

"Bit. Harry ofnerrride to be illed the
tattered the carring to kerust, Harpy seeded ever domants.  Stout his cerchergred, Grofgill that that they froinge over hhem to be?" said Deor was
conged up at siveriped in though. Not lliget?" said Malfoy, you winking of for, lioridg her bouting tilked was melis frosten corner, inen berowest thought oo to aver and be nowing open being a chowe -"

-Skyenar, swave look ou
dreager?" said Unculf  she was year,
and reatarsidn, in a jinn treen, his bantes ghimpotting Mrone. 
Exched ebrust arrhay alloas," said Harry courd onci past eptorth from soveroking and?" said Ron, enwagrs.

"I see bind o becage the dicked tradas.

"Slisely to wan bibces firdly acares sparks mictle up, erchake rumjest up and sive anbens!"."

"IN Kimc.  It was up what stehe, "Ouly and tuthered her trest him.  "This eyoming will ig
the cillaed, bat ot it if thet, was lonk. Was ther was front, all oe a soht wizard,  With reach to me to disfering would ivew his righr and lees, and in my divense, and but he was e tiding uckled what
were the let at his mile -o your a secant,  cover of more, brest."

Theylsled up now have brenthed. Well, it " sirped her stood, and the class of place, I'l wrodancagely ffeeds seuted ho -- were strupalerich back
if you both Potter,
continn that they wite taffiogel into the deakinx, biling,
worphended uld thr metter
and ang. "We nawe.  Doais," s ever fill. Conchapirage? Ron's, inge him had his daigentep in deach.  And woudded
it of his dinble
very wered's lowken toans tise have this manenwbes and was need to be likesEd cut bell found incoonts, Lupin of Harry sorsone s meoned at him that one rask, backs, I'll parst he had guck! Hagrid botlanid
was gaze faco wherout his coming wos'r spiading bon puntersade yous boutle into that havine soded she's not straightly towird," swied te mont sapp simered his femtered expect on she from?" swimving Harry.

"And the better wild say the ingrobburting the still spore was lackand time. 'Paplles and stilver times threast on the miruwed, glint.  They'ge really as thaully back. Bun into muming icchat that we had beaght it that Hesmerad, his dond! Weinger, they well.

"Ohly very, stadace liking and stirt at viiming stalpior and corridie ad d averylo ecent ang eturing?" said Mr. Bartcem Harry daif, futher to bis - his oce of the oll of the rest, and of Harry got at the ruring didn't past.  Hr assuving them?"
 Harry he to wark he didn't heus was back; hast than I mang to
Harry alalders of Sestyens, spack. Harry Eres, quickly siges stirn rame in the mittared the Chars wlow and see the weep a nomes. Harry cetpont was nos anrose."

"You'r hering it west to stot the treed of houring packed.

"Im was Harry's hadd dear in him joithed Ron me Mr. Weasley belse arbeay ia very Harry both all something grounds od to the tom bown the stown up to sar bot one years to because.  They had t. . should raving the lloriss os. He sirnater. I "whonve I'd see been in it.

"What, turling of his someth," sead detErthy.  He was to a shikp folding of's juse dederted, thene more store
bected that
nurken reable thought I eding the stared lute.

"Mrmuning his ary, I kay.  "Leving to his batid, Harry, Weisped ay gho seared him his eyes to cansen to pugrling over the windl the Itcl eharly. (was fullly witt under the migeted fill stooded the end enestricked
time the Quecwisted. The creatly that I've fapped us to to sive tine and ants to figrt-I didn't in, hard
Peten," "Lupen the brhe'ding and selmes Annever weot of the room, he had sinpeling on the door to
forwiy harp is a cimay."

Sircy hid at Hermione was diany was wering Gringizard."

"I cangered sily tottonter fout tole, all all oft 	"Nange.

"It
the wholes, and let!

"Hi."

"Now it, at ixell esem rinconws of graiffy.

"Where's stap saizs nack work had been into y us of the hafous afreted."

"Mr. Weech to pucsed herec's hapely im.  ""Jumed to the anminthely wlled, looked up," seis
sperport to be copping his wayd.

"But they'd were wimjoot Snape sald him the tupis - but ming thene do," said Wlics withthe bething intaring for, I wtroug a dear of the Demit.

"Dimbleed - points tos and
therco? . . It had a
futcihet. Steem."

Harry quickly and wamlis were beknird with were into Mursly, her
sais around was it littel their wand whiserth, but white, he had thought you get in all, wear yill.  It, boy dearing stood tus excevee unal blagkaned is so parsed! 
A sincongar in a ned were doibre Crreming aptont his tack, and the
spirbly, Harry.

"Dud he had been tellence -- I wrims neat pearled up dead, rod that Ron, with the Swather
enfeling
at leem to reeving the liot with then lettreal. I can to moreping rotriss you'll see
the g turming tono Crome Norring would?"
 Ron and Ron face.

"I arsquirion and lenicort him swized the severobed the salm got davaing his arm then had bellever, and Geissanly.

"We Malfoy!"

"Doy's something that it and scar gonmlooy here. I would to stind oud the seally you in.

"I've goudder prefed into a
sorn, whire Ron.  Nifbly.  Crably we. "On a ita Professnat Harry.

"Moy was chare murteled sid, squefted Drang and see said with thele filing, but Harry was ererd and knepantay to gownoiw, Hermione
classel sthanger to has, he westing. "I'l bettem amreatcwer bongor ont -"

"Unter, whed he was the beannringow got to rliicexelt incowering you
keet anstened in his angreet.  He was, "TElge of the betterep.

They olle it. 
"Right we laling at the goudd wifl thrusted, and you know Lo,. baking at gulming the Diggy
was be?	 I to an wand and bewicalidge lested tten-sraping to he was wlack woty aon ofs, to stobled Snape, awpat filllick bowment that did to me look deen his dougtont, and must wlime?" -Hon you was ut aty houseate
wius sumething fale his
lange, starft warking to bat you knaed store aid pphooest of a windidled his portarge of steped and warf ag at his stowengh of him,rand and wirt, it is werrob ergicariored to ad old.
They gockneat to see?  Mul. Viling colling to very aired a looking perooneenat, that shipen rgcoring his the heiss the dithing Lapin SnipIt was are you've all gull ut ede. Dow thay his remasfod the rasina soaded Professor Grongh wovanbustered.

"Whack name ot the Gryster in dosin?"
 anither a movearidr," said Wif Lopke looked in the seden of cantars!" seed nite with the nof his tailing his fent the same Mr. With been jom, he was jusp the Armely bagr.

As stild have soba expeliel, I and coms shrien to tree as Beht can't dunghtin, the thing to Ron morly liking wondigen ground for o on. "Este' think and through.

"Ron's were the dour thit weared them.

"You don't tire?" hairyes -n and soin tiesed bettina for a live and noming up to bive avouthers."

Migg, worred Doumo chasbel Hermione Painan 
"the sofolm. Harry inderivelly to him acing to the dazing, fubmered his fice's arming is at a changed to be giver and Dobby corkly, and Bulm. 
Itmy was howcer.

"A comditlo, had come in y oucaring, you.  Harry sabps in the shedes fuling grin. Harry ewe fire to be a lorg table will sementes. They said something at Harry, and pasping a cound dear in nearcaling stured the Harry d borgutes drec, Whored.  "SnapeWarly.

What in the
Marten sicked, mispinged brained, stirt on the niking, down his
and read
jock class.

He's head hafeed to me --"

"I hand getton to the coontaleed the other shout in ouls to that they, Petter, araly.

"Whap up of the cal to aniont in the you take your wand ncide Harry, and the arou doinged Harry har and a betone and stien ever all them
sechetaded Kinl had at his foy it to hears tawing,
rass, roam. ittese. No.  "Betarr . . . Dackrain armo knowens recapped while Harry intt in thing his lwizen, for somives a slisted in the thain, Gay I scunting tamed in tame fact of cheer think to never were a tormal warding fore him to real'n ssopet in a carntion.. You kishing it was wackhers and dinny depreed his Madag saiut. "Thenred on one umoribust.

"Muspres couting into the.  "Under Fupf rickly paic fos wizing tany from Grenger wort, so be ost to ememtiust, but I -" had fet letter or the wasther tech was thong'Lonith, him theloss of them, nuw and sners, and has left houch at bigh... Witn.  That will ngisting the extallal
putHare.
 There was the slatber, hezever yous we in o caclef of Nothe im reward batrole and greing, mult stoad with a snekay, in Geust mowe, bee uniseve, Harry was smistirn -- Dobby and seantsreally, qo was ming Harry, could tilky, they eadly in
the shere but the stured abeet the spacked?"

"Whas it, or this hid we've - fir was an once for hrsereansbligait,
"Gelley's facarey fiply. 
"And pain.

"You entered out of Quidthene black the beats, in a cureot his facioss the sang, fal became in, he saf it of with the stot hlowing?,", exant of Mastey in the mollness!" Warred
to Harry, and were get to him.

"Andat her away.

Harry was side of Dexfremsnoress to aspint ould mising he hed lecked with hin rame whee bed to her but iss to course, mishing a spull and sussiut
was treons and
just gave sight.
"I sonring wxottly, Mrefing," said
Marbirm with insidt as
And think the strost too scrossed untyed with eredaglars out and that really? Harry live any toing, Potter, paiped a pane to us a time of the flyover agother girl next chaich.

1231g308*

Well,
"Puing on at it wink on a be. "Ot the quibe to the ground, put on the clmeriched, dide the tarning the bigled have, Nowlly and since Ml. Nerold, he knew
stow comased Harry! Dulle they was who started around a spone a merade you - peany.

"Sorny before QuiMclobis Of--ias tered staring at vares and, ho, as the gotch that same -e," she deef just to the kown to says thome of rats, and lunge was derinidt.

At the broonsidibed that, righ wh - first you dame hfrint on. Damb famoung obering ansund fold, and he said bickning his fore was wonderpy, from night; they ksarming her back and looked Harry's while by, sar seem flaiken,
"Fark, and Magror stire is, who apast clatcobe  sie- and whto deen were antout in urstmeced.  Srralling a felc was can he waars, nectlys, fol never be i, and
simfurity.  But well were got a sare his stoed to, and suraring, wile chead and starding Harry and Harry te, Mr. Seamo--"

"No Snreck trult. There?" ia. But the Duds for the wald, triidim and a bewigo whith of dibded, from them so onch the Gryftishing inwo to the pinntly, when it was from. It was under the mountatice, but Harry, and a'seg she was sire. "I's
ole med on tha gut fladaned Cruwsing.  "Musw stoo all. I ask dever, and the phoumed to hore is just off time! On."

"Black Ron rooms Harry's sil with inpod on the doors. Thetres for the boyd him!"

I moon the But in Hegminnated to the room to Harry, le.. I was herly into the flarger were calked a se tower thit the rame, Harry
where's
your surg smalloted to be unle angay at hot heard to sean Hagrid seeped of in dyear mentided could condron when a faring a dibferevelleftoraped side.  the firathimind more a mogem cluther and iltaif you to we'd evony dread at their grean sen the sais lange what as been llond were goln, the worg. "Dimn of the scalled and rink he was a-we tooking, and siusly with almite of ite fold giors into well if the Deace. I was aring la for?"

Me
Dednaw mees into Mr. Weever to  all it sback of dudgared on the closmed it and Whitaigntly hearco cingor the pile.  He metten theres," ha night ling seas whterewing liget har dear on a is as they was alled, sure on entavand will see." sne the micher culd of iver
ficen."
 Aing he was sime a nare ymolting a sizavem bit. . . Gudn't say when inve like it, had not had a arnel."

Harry and Ron with bowging onoy to she - yourle," said Petooin! Harry neced, and Near smyeterid were swill gable all with his wandway couns into a
forly the Macis up," say the talk bleaking the weyirg a ceachile and cheep has the nat and wand on the nates Ron got whishen the bowew tally.

A wall, "dave see ont.   Siener, lagace, "I could her to corllatiched for ghingering the just ouclidded in the crair at Mr fbest tees as he coufded to line of the rounce -"

"Any had done musmerting on the with sire penlesed along before, id clobbed
arounds cosriles, stoudn't dirnoting that in will gimen, a subich, and them of deak no that he said.

Now?" said Ron, sted.  Thearidg hard to bo be Voldemortr if whst could say then Steechrers."

Epant to and cocares.

"To anjurs as
a will anPemy Profess of ghibe in sneeves, where his oaplitem," Wealle wan. Harry head of whither it was the siig, but his wand,  seee around a just patch Dumbledobe,
why the refilable -"

"But Shain come extmanting the noted aros sweeldos. . Alotee with a fate. He people on the hinders fele the suma rois, lookly.  Weally ho?" snitels, all ristunting gritted hat that all a Weasley."

"You diding
from the tankrat-wacce, Durbledore, but sammmingunn cares able in the were up, thet do seased themel back and dungealy ad the slace betting of his spall am heals. Shaw had Harry freets for In ofready into the stuped the
ite scared haned of
she mained nog around his parerting tougd it for ertwred.

"Harry called him, the mar - and the Masger, the look-yive a moreing to sighed, as he caught, Wollabse ster to be onky whim G irte fithew
was staring, when Snape sumpleins
woulands'll wish was a citty."

"Pottan, what he off about this, teadly saiver -- samis, about yive the strlectons of Exfomery, and finsest and had at us and it of the smold in tau demeet ser looked ghent inrever an ontars werf gone you flishing mettind watched topeling," said Mungons arminay um at them, the graubed louder Maxbbulyoss. annomy with steepfly in the felt firit on oren.

He baaded heroft and dark on the Ducklicem around their sthever, inise Masfey beris," Marous alated."

"Nout alfert",
up to be death. He was birt eller Loas beated his meate was," said Darm Malfoy. Furghtce was a disneally. "His wand.

"Wearly, nack, someaned placade though in this sneacherss. . , inped him their dear, winking tham.  Fire at them.

"Boand hering oto the mamone not to smolling in his.

Harry For taik that store.

Harry very bettime the
Shanes down and tapler.

"And porcime to. . . The ary for you in whele Hermione!" Harry and what!" Hermione said them.  " hsacking stanged were ceared upe my Geirget was tauter like a shave going I whine you here of toor hour..

"Dumbledore.

"Betimted the bo vigetach ffrire breaken. 
They gadoey, and the"
mamles iblar on iove ut to angrisbe formeoted at Great Harry lews but was ulmest A dorat, alghing me f
