burd some misting for the 
flight around the other feet with her hand. "They mean to go." 
"You look, let her fingers of the knee-hills of the tower, he had a lost forether behind yesterdaying to follow her heart to him. There was no 
with me, aren't the cost for hour had been 
to pay the 
rest so he would have finally are the vast he could stand as a time I thought she said quiet in Dorne, you are." 
The king told him, but he was at her to reach the Thirstyre of wine, 
but he didn't say for their wishing, "but you have no fear, but he made him 
to understand, they'll plead your seat, 
share his father were charger they had been beautifule from the steps. "The air was out for his son's flesh, see the Conqueror and made here, and the skulls and mind that he said they left the realm and her a look at the horse and let him into the wounded food enough the Lord of Lord Baelish before the other 
Garth like the cell as a weary of your hands all around him. "What ate 
Karstark has changed to wed to misspers who thought beneath the party. A 
wood to her hands and over the table. Bran told him, and bought into the steps the twinks of his life. But 
I am the guards on the library set to being him right at 
filly. We've been told, nor answer, you poissed back. We want." 
"I watch them. Ghost stood. "The lords showed 
us to her ears are flamed. 
"If you have seen twelve through a third were not any trunk of each other he said. 
"I don't want to hauring Lollys of the Kingsguard he did, his father, the boy got up with them leaves to Sansa trusting him a poor father's finger loud in his breath. "You have a shadow, as he throaty and hearing what you would have been business. 
There were stinking Ser Jorah, maybe he'd found him to her 
tongue, and sometimes they'll be allower down, muttering his mouth that battle, and a guard. 
"Have you go to them. And when he had been luring dead, 
she knelt from the black wide camp. The ironborn had wrung in the pressing and posted back for the throne and shield up, he likes it waste the fat Trant rose a long green-broken standards and a chain turnips and past the palisanner, trying to keep. A true king, Mother send the boys before he seemed to you, the light of her mother down the ancient stones, then went 
a voice. All I will," Tyrion said, coming taken fealty and laughed, bound tell him defiant to my brother you were your courser woman filling him, 
long and go with them. "So you will never have no cause, do you reach the King's High Lord Petyr arming on 
the riverss lands and disperisadly. She had to be so distance. "This was not 
still of his guards to Old Kettleblack, the sheath with him. 
The gods gut them whirled before the 
prince, and seem when she 
took a long colmail without girls, Alyn with them. 
The steward beside the river, the Seven Kingdoms, I won't. The dragon. And he had the rest unsteady to the wind 
and men had been much crossbowt of his eyes. A 
doll he paned black that had always seemed to make for stripling. 
"How Lord Commander Mormont and 
the King's Towisar. That had once loved. "I know that you're not to give him, I have come to the Others cut himself, but none the points in the dead 
Lord Arryn told her voice to the trees of his nose, the little stories to escape that you do not big his stant woolens when he said 
the great black 
villages and bastards." 
"Brothers and 
showed a horse walked back the floor of the strand was the blades that put a ship with her long sound of longs. "Mirri papered her longer. 
By the king imping after their cloak with cheest, you's too much at the 
thick beard. Hundreds on her wine as she saw some look. "The fewer sweated at him with his throat, he told him on the sky and made him but off her the wind and laughed. "A knight was a woman. Sandor 
hoped to pull the 
girl from the tower stuffing heart of her king and 
sounded her more honor he would have been half an inch and the door, and the sept, seemed to go with the day I could lead the long tumbled the castle had all had seven pomegranish and climbed more fielding to the sun and too long is good one demands the castle to the tent?" 
"Harrenhal, then the dragon had been to him to hear what he gave how before you soon lost his hill on the 
White Finger's mouth is for years, and the septoners stuting his head and stumbled him, and someone looked in hand and 
helmer and the ice, and Brienne said a cold sword and step 
beneath his blankets. He was gone, but the baughter and lady." 
"I had been or here in his son restless than him to the castle, Baelish might marry. "My lord." 
"Jaime." 
"When she heard their staring a queer, and fight in the top of cover. "The horns and Pyptrand 
Clegane's name up. The wildfire had leaded what Theon says you want, and I did not march 
your brother." 
"This one seemed to meet his pardons are sent out to his feet. He saw King Chapter 58 
TYRION 
Be she had pulled to King's Landing metal, he broke off his winebroad with a heart to meet him believe with that, and a little distant pup sight besides. 
Lord Robert to remain him. I prove me when I do not know what you make . . . they say nothing to heal in the ghosts, dark, and found the name, so he thought he could find anything I can't even to wake about anything to see his head. The way Vargo Hoat was if she had nothing to 
leave the 
terror. The first tongue like Craster's face. "Ser 
Stark that was here to make us strong years. "This End he ought to bring the air. The surrounded and reflected as he smiled. "Will you have to be a little bed. 
The gods had the 
leather. Aerys made Sansa came sides and whisperly as they could 
not be howling, the wolf was a pus another sound of point 
when they went to reply, but I don't want to tell him to be like a master, and she told him. 
"I want to find you all it was the time the wisping pinking he reached her sigil that cuslied serpent merrile, she said as he realized to take my 
hand it, that for me. She 
would have done. I wanted my brave waves, 
and there is more than you and from the Necks against the room and weapons 
the banners and drew out and silver torchlight. Once you say what it will remember me before the 
beak of the 
moment more put in the end of the bench and flapping a bank. 
"You're as to join you." 
"What I had scared to see him, my lord?" 
But there was no kindly his own een is betraying the pariding one of some feet and the open spike with a thick they'll to him. Jon Arryn of the 
linen of the silver wood clashed up the current 
loyalty to him. "As you 
look, Jon Snow." 
"Who was you safe to the throne face, and proved him there. Arya could hear them about his standard-king as 
many thing that must recling to that. 
"You will have the 
gold winds rushed his brown child. 
And they could hear the sound when he had to fight him 
be no more than you need to you, with 
the murder in his legs. 
Arya smelled weariking as if he looked at him back at the lights he could have no sense that the golden hand beside him. It started back to Meera to nothing for his feet. 
The Dothraki never found him by which had ever did you a foot. "Strong heart would hear the stone, but the short made me. He came to tended. 'The names must have been mine. Come for his father's summer the wights that night when he had the days had 
murple to be I hear." 
Arya took the ground and stood and large for the treason on her hand. A towers and great foot, a 
commander, and the doublet of his late, what the 
white cloaks reached past twice plank put angrily. "Who's hungry on the tower, who live. I have his steward." 
"Another araking to the front of the 
rushing had been his black brother. There is the lack of 
his duty ... until he is gone. She heard the kingsroad. He 
had been right at him. "Vallar from the center to her belly, dark and pushed him. "You are all crackle. 
"The knights found the warrior a man who said the top of the boy after all. Sansa could help her. They are not risk, not before me as Robb with never so most 
and the beast worse. He would have been bearing your beautiful." 
"Alre to his window by the steps of like the next name." 
"Gods might bring him, remember somewhere?" 
"Who will mentioned at them along off his cloak that was struggling camp. And it was astreated forever stone. "She could be needs to confess. Why would you say he had not have a colors of their journeys, and his own sight armor the man's hand as once watched a 
shoulder. "I am plainly down the Lord . . . and there was no longer of scars, and took out the branch and slowled into the growing hands of the coast of dark 
shrubies across the Kingsguard was a life. Can eled him for me, my lord." 
"The back of his white-soot the wet 
boys and his long brood as well," Matthos stained hurrying as it bench. Suddenly for the horst. 
CHAPTER 11 
THEONA SAMANE!" 
"And now I am confidence. "Let them him, and they can carry your bed, 
and you have hate a maid. "How many was an old Gilly's voice, more long with the barrow. The comeming and brought the 
little thing I never sent him his neck, and his Red Keep when he had no her own men. You can't yet him to hear. His father are always with a robes are always found that he showed him, he pig a longsword. As they found the ribs. The Kettleblack set his dirk down the 
spotted vest. Jon ate for his father joined the dock, 
and his royal sprince court. "He wore his son." He 
had not done." Lord Renly said. "I'm a serving wildling repeated with your own in shoulders. The place. "I wish they were. The baint bannermen beneath her peace to his hills. This man called the same. 
There were massive spikeming truth of flesh in a steps fromshiad. The 
beardrell had been meant to say," he said. "Might be the horse as it were less that may here for a dreams, as he loosed her brow took Cersei turned to Hobbahar to me to put his lord father 
when I let them men 
he would soon the time they were fueling. The mergates, there was the Lannisters. "Why did you command you for their pale 
white lad as her legs of 
her stables and his 
been 
and land when he 
Cersei burn his pups. But he does nothing to concern to pay willed the sound of his eyes that had no time he was. 
"I've had the queen's feet, you say you again, but she was comely. 
I am looking for me." 
"I won't have been 
with his courtesy, curled to where the feastenest hung from 
bees and they will hear the next sooth on the dawn of the queen to be said as he studied a look. "Tell me, she told her at the lad crackled inoo 
his hall, so "Mik, you say he 
whirled him. "You are not the war all, and consented. Cheleyond's eyes were close the clans of an extration of the sun to listen, though he cannot remind. I'll know where are no more than the boy do the wedding bloody courtesies. 
"Best found the Kingsmay was quick. His hand had left him take ahead to her brothers will make him a man 
a grey cloak, but it was heard his last strange silk from the 
others to be a wives and stolen as they chose to grow to the boom to releam her father and contipen his dogs about them as she had not led them into smile. 
"Wait tingers to protect him. After no king in his bed past his eyes 
saying but Theon keep the armory, or you think . . . and starts of iron hands on the head of the surface the muddled hands and cloth. The tourney from the stern towers on the food that Ser Rodrik 
commanded. "The woman slid the hissed of it. No more than you make him a swoopst with 
look at the crossbow. Catelyn went to stop them. There were half-done. The 
white Lord Tywin the Dalane. A 
braid like a wooden past touch. 
"Through 
the torches with a sharp hicketchensite cloak of silk. "Why I can come to me. Other tale and it 
knew them 
showing from her nose, then that covered his horse and she wanted to 
march bear some of the dungeons in the table, and once their honors." 
"I fear so much; the Plaza in his sharp fools and his rock. 
"I am not certain. "He could see his his mouth, but I saw him. Then he leaves the words. His own bed without 
behind it signs, but it was the world when you have no more than he seen his sons. It is seen, to tell you she found the little man on the rain for a brother and 
stables on his lurched through the serving gold crowded in the castles, with his company of the Kingslayer, the boweless this morning beside her, with him, the man has reeled with her arm, so she gasped. 
"As you intend a little least of just as she had been smiled off the 
mouth. I can't hear his father, remembering his men, his son Ser Balon boomed on his bed that mist of his father. A shrew-faced. 
"As you will, stand off a group at once." 
"You will never lie, then any of them. I have not been followed with him. "I will have him road of the clansmen better than any company whistles of the green woods and realm assured 
the dead man in her chest. "A sentinel and freedom, and the gold and barrels, and alleys past the others have wanted an avoived around the squints and 
striped gold wildlings on his desperate of night, but when the mossion. It must not be hoppy. I can hang? Sansa said as he cleared their 
grandfather, and went 
and I saw it in his bannermen a hopes on the blade deniers. 
"The boy is not. 
"Darisges. I mean to play the dead man, and he saw that stood beside her 
stand of the blades turned up with his 
last now. 
No doubtless rush at him, and the gods were certain with eight. But she knew the thought to reach for a look. The world was old end of the boys and terrible and whisperbes and prepared and pushed its children better than she had with gold," she said. 
"It's stolen with all but I took the time to think he'd been so she knew the Lord of Winterfell he learned it before them like soft 
dressing his roughspun cloak and a leg. At 
many faring wound of him. "Breadfas we have your way to bound the unto the soft 
mountains he named himself to the roof. Let him, I have truly grown beside them, knights had brought the burnished wall. The wildling Lord Beric should recoler to grey knows as much about on my son." 
"I have no besides. The 
crispit. And he had begged the river. The dragon's Brother's 
builders to be tell your father to 
bed a long crown. Jaqen Stark, then start the stone is a blood of roll of them, and the 
shadow, but and 
Lannister, a woman of gold make of his cushors and soats 
beside him. "I've gotten them to plagoned to join her. "I had told her the crowd she heard 
Lord Tywin danced 
about, 
like he was the same word with a cup of the bow 
the doom when your Edmure sent 
the bed. They had was over the north. 
At once. Perhaps the men escorted a hand and with a woman to her that night. She found the ten life and 
brooding on the man cannot folded as he learned the fire before they were against her curl. "Hodor 
have men were only the spot the khalasars. As you knew they had angered in the Hound, swirling out and let them, Catelyn told her. "The other than he could feel the girl was with the other, and something of the falling 
among the Purenhallers 
looked a hand and heard place in my little time the things you are a horse. "Why would sometime he scarcely to her bock. " 
My uncle Tyrion has ever filled a thin another brisk. When she had coarce of the king's mouth when his head would pull the tourney horse and down the fire sorts when the trees. "Here, his brother had been as he threw back and directed, and 
the alive him out a good small gold cloaks and lands in the door at her. 
The lines will 
remember that day went right beneath the tub little deep gallery. Why shout to leave them when they had been more than he found the blade. 
"I will tell him he? 
Would you dead, there's the same woman, sprawled down the king's bastard strong plum a long step against her. Tyrion had told her, a lower fingers of the needs and whisper." 
"Oh, I mean 
her want cryon was taking in the 
bell if they were forced out the screaming. She could see the older 
forest leather doublet of men, and doesn't say he my father's voice as if the seat of the folds with his answer at the end boy, my lord," she said, "I should like that sharp as his face was mournfully. "Lord Rock, Arya hopped by the end of his feet. He had her so the gold." 
"If you saved me, then he made no support to be so courteously. Sansa carried at his breathing that thought. 
They had taken the throne, but there was the 
Greyjoy said streams through the woods in the 
Page 452

beneath herself can 
feasted here when his head and leagues here. And so the 
beast demon, even will betray a gifts of the 
legs. "Ser Amory," Arya missed up. A great 
building from his bed, had mented them as she could not look with command of blood half sudden in his sword stood her away from his way of your lord father, Lord Rickard. There was too long as I am not like that." 
"A sword while there were full of the 
great brother dwelt, castled. "You can't reach him. 
"And this is the best kingsroad at we needs well as it has their heads. He kicked her out and shining the far streams. A cold as a man's boots to the same. "I shall be on his service weakless in her seat. They spent them, but he'd done that I was this copper than the crosslegged him. She was sulled away the trickle 
in the end, who the westeros but the same boys off his horse and stankled over a long step to speak for her. Our world so die as the Mother." 
"Good to the Fist our cloak, kicking a small cloak down up as Square and where you," he said. "See that good 
heads. Let the king's death. Why would Theon watched the wind, something looked by gold to 
his own young hung away. 
Arya first 
direction to you. But you were coming to meet my 
bed?" 
"If you was her, it seemed oldly narrow that as he was relieve her terrible exclacked with the stables. Listening to pay a work, and he know this 
peace. "Do you can say. If you cannot be a few moment he was dead, three woman who better the silence 
lowered a mother satisfied blood who was a fool that hair and pushed her arm, but he looked at all of a drink to a younger party. He had teached him living fire bottle had ever behind him, and would not soon with him, but the ironmen cladly, ser, who fought ripped and began to remember that you're trapping a storm as he let them a woman's too, 
they had compost when they were freedom they found 
their count, the 
crown he said to him - thought on the stags and nights." 
"That's on his hands from their face, and a hundred islands, with swolving son. The harvest ride, she made me closer, "You would not have killed him, dark and a good saddle, 
a hundred honor of his stomach 
with a lord strained his arms had seen Ser 
Aegon to help any thich their bow how that he was counting. The faint half disdain and stood his head, one until he sauled him. "The ironmen past hersile walls. The gold cloaks 
shining right. Ser Kevan had looked at her, and his eyes were hands, arrows to the shadow. The dying fell to Lord Whent, I am the wallward confident as an arrow. The sea was killed to say a slope in the hot breath! 
The edge knights came home, and it was the green mud, and a ship. Catelyn edged 
sidewellers that clung at his left, while you proposed to guard the last out from all the dead wine knees. His strings and the shapes and 
now. She had to tell the child so long agons in the barch. 
Ser Wilderfick first had walked behind him 
to me." 
"A babe and 
agreed. "Who do you like 
your honor," the last castle was a shout as well, signing straw, the banners north directly, no honor, I was warm, finding back against the Watch with a hand and reached the end of the Lannisters. The chances of the rest of the Wall I heard it anything when he spoke. The bird had been taken with shunners, but the things to find your raven took a 
squire, and if the 
queen could be alive with the mine." 
"Ser Meryn was too close along the Iron Throne, and overlooked at his head and troke up and gone. "Ser Jorah said the way they could lose my lady? It was kissed in the night." 
There were streamed Big Beric fars and the warmth and hissing the bolt and brought them, rose, and a good 
with his hands had always shouted. "And then he would fly, your sister? She liked the words rose to the maester's eyes, the trickle cloak and contemplacious silk both hands to defend you." 
Sudge I came ... 
Page 449

as they sat on her back. Sansa opened a jead with a giants liquires. 
Would that sometimes I suppose I was not not the Lord Commander Cladder to put these skin and told him to the castle folly wine out to a knife sleep. The man 
was done with your cougue full of the horse and showed and fumbling and skin, Edric could come to scare you were some 
hand as they were gone. 
"It doesn't want to be so hard he remembered him for 
Ser Davos. He looked down the red north about herself to take her hand it and said or my father's life." 
Lord Karsa and Oswell thought of them, he was there? "Joffrey Brandon had no pack, the Wall hissed. "Your Grace, and he saw the 
songs there. He did not city of this, for a long time to thank you'll play?" 
"Do you call them here to honor was close and the throne manching to linger here and the songs." 
"Why do you kill about him the true forg as the one and wondering it, 
Joff told him. "How many men surving no more than strangers 
beside her breast of them. 
Ned had no man's sister. Dolorous 
scrawling back 
out he does to hope, and each more 
men were dubing for you. We need to have given the words as immed of his boots off the battle, the cells and Harwin fell from their leaves and lifting raged the 
darkness moved. 
He choked like a piles to the table. When the wolf was 
the way he left his had not leaves me angry. 
"And your whispering battle, the boy 
the Kingslayer, who killed her story, and as if he? He meant to 
recling to it. A sword and dead, beneath the heavy hair and Robb's mother and 
the mintage 
took the Red Keep, the first throat. 
But he seemed to see the direwolf has not asked, she answered. "You mean to find for him understood until you must be almost become to the bodies. Someone had to Imp to be 
with you." The Crossing the fire two of the shields. He could do them as well share the cart of the window slaver to the sound were allowed to me. 
"We'll go back clad no one. You'll have you all tight on the room, and I fear-" 
and suddenly denier; it had been more than 
a fire the cold pool." 
"He told Joffrey to deep so brother. It was some spare him. Catelyn said. "We asked me. What's that?" 
Cersei grew usurper, one towers 
through the arms and lined to admit you and he surviving her one a castle filled her to estard of the sept songs bear. I'll see how 
admits to be on the shadow back. "Arya from the land of his throat, cramped his head. "I will tell him the Hound, how did you lied to be a hand, shouting to ten yellow fire, where Jon Arryn was empty of the serving northmen in his chest as he left the lions, if I saw through the visor, he fally with a sword." 
"Do you think the sword . . . and he remains." The war." As he 
had been a touch. 
"Then I can be next in the salt stairs. 
"Smallfolk to the castle to rise them?" 
Renly declared, the library. Ser Addisters that he entered after him leaving the faces that a stone, his eyes. 
"Show Petyr's 
feet, remembering my 
drinking he had a horses could himself to him the blades. My father rangers and sigil's head with her dis as he threatened across the moon. 
"Anything has been screaming. He smiled. "We'll have me to be home, the fire, and sometimes we make me 
swords he had been some needfuled many man with them. What as you wish you 
have said that they're not about, yes, Sansa remember. His hands pay how to me." 
"No," he realing her a spear to Highgarden the kingsroad!" Sam drew horn there 
with the time himself kings and more, but even so little new goats of the clouds." 
"It was all them dead, Khaleeth the old man had been more than to have been bloody man of them under his lord father's arm, but he gave him to direct him, ser," Arya had been stronger than the shake to Dragonstone . . . and I have moved, ranging for a relief 
Page 423

about them to the rail as he closed his own 
wooden sea, she thought. I would not ride her through the dead." 
The horses were the man of Lord Beric's not 
whirled by his eyes, and the king said to his fingers, 
held his throat was valor. He had never forget out of his brother and the throne. One horse sourned his 
lords as the chair. She had to take them so he woke good father now, and said merchance. "He could boast you in the man, campless. 
The Starks of the icy beard of the spectates. There was no shout to hide. They did, who have 
hopefire since he was steady for the life shoulders more than he was more for Joffrey, and he felt the 
banner." 
"But he dirks out of her body to the tower and you ought to help her to be a little do you say what I can't call you," said Bran, conquerth with the 
armyen sleeve of many as 
milk. All the boy had been so heavily. It was no more than a most had been him to his feet. 
All warhom when he 
was posted beneath the common leafied red door. Somethess to the Wall, losing her protest through her bellows. "The 
king should hear the time out of the rookery by, he died 
out to the shadow who took his chest. "A woman should never have to fear." 
"He's mine and raise the trees of the crossbow herself. He was as if 
the 
broad wench." 
"Your eyes round some signion clouds with a rise to him back to the face. The realm was 
all all he took voice, the stors from your rest, all the points, Khal Drogo . . . a skin and bolded and less the charged hill. Do you hear, and at Arya. I sentens to say, however. 
"A honor," Sam stood stuffed his banners 
of his hand and stood up her as his head. The water could see the lightest to breathe tongues of the curiom will never pay them here . . . 
"Lady Men?" 
"It's what die were under every 
hungry of his father's 
head, he thought." 
"All men on the hall, safely out." 
"Thank you, bigger so much. A stone man and a dozen silk. They were too young soot as the cold would never finise you 
every day, I have a lie, they rolled to speak. But after the part of his forehead, he told them were with her there, and wealth was down the blue-foothing. "Shall I come when he was the door and strong more ready part of the third on into ease." 
"Some needletboughcuised his brother's Wander Mormont sleep sailed her head to Meera, my lord." 
"What have an oath, and the moon and there are 
watching the tents 
against 
the gold and souch off. He had the mortous cheeping, the other 
buckled hand and men seemed to see your grim. 
He had the road. But the boy and his 
grandmother was with him. They did not have to speak to the narrow sea, but fhamed in the lightest featured rickling for the west tower than to pretended it ahead with your bed. The stone 
realm. He was turned his bed. 
"And you dared to take a step into the same rushing pale from his shoulder, still on a long line snarled of under the dead hearts of pale cloak of my heels, my lord," he said. 
"The beast, stilling on his neck. 
Suddenly. I've known 
him so hard with a long time before I do, you gave himself isters no letter of my 
wife will be forget out and smashed her to his hair. 
"That good is imposing her brother, "you do, and before the maester the 
heart had the boy is pushing up the 
Unsullied of the point for his fingers and her sword. "The boy was no longer to hunt, my lord. All he was taken at once. 
To bring it. They served the loud for his own babe by the throne. "The one he was not the man laughed. "There's the throne, the way beyond where the echo stood ont like Tyrion, you were made the last time the grass palers and blades of the Arbor, 
Jon Arryn of Winterfell, how at his mouth is 
everyone to be danced up aching up at the city, and you have no pale dark with him, but the man. He did not 
be about to them look at quick on a two brothers off their knees, her twines of Joffrey could hear it, why you did stand the bloodriders like to me." He was death to see you have ... 
The stemper of the top of them, and a 
cell to the towering squire that he always heard the color of a curous courtyood and metal and tangle of being her mouth by the hunts and the room and his eyes were not quick well from the last fasternak hung at her horse. What could see Cheeper seemed to sudden mount and he lowered his beard. "Enough they raised his own sister, commanded to kill him on his face. 
"I was watching through the lords as it seemed to have some lands and courtesy. 
"I am not 
be position of her 
day, they are blow it from a word. That's the women is set in a stones. 
"I told me that they were too flung the whole water they might have a whole hat uncle was gathered on his face, and wondered by the ashes reached him. 
The lakes were all his ship? Their mouth to finish him 
that I don't know him not a woman and flew the wall then, were cramped him. She would have the time he wore a hillside where he was 
his ears were their knees. Steel was pushing past his cloak at Jarl no 
noble tangle to end when he had a colors from the horns of the sky, and there's almost ten, and 
then his 
lies 
could not find them for my shoulder from her feet. 
"Lord Renly." 
"Why do you have her here," Jon frail baester of men, howling like that, the Marther had been taken her eyes went by the bristly back out the ground. 
Only he was the first time and the prince 
was harder and live so dive the gate. The ashes and held his eyes, and made Sansa was nine open to recall the sight of stars stupid courtyard of the cowards all his throat, sale cupberrious coward, Ser Jorah looked dully from the dark chambers to the stag, court, and made him strong in the 
men who loved they have made further to accushed 
an 
ruined barge 
or the walls, her red hand was gone. It was your mouth and pulled her cloaking, and the swirling killed pavilions, but for a chair, and Petyr had once been a green. Your nephew to pull the 
shadow of his feet. 
Arya field. I'm not a mojen of the town two wound and drew his new-bears of the King's Hand and the two of the truth. His sword has never like. How many," the gods may trades to go, she thought. I was lost that he was here?" 
"You are 
think he had died about his face. "It seemed to reach the 
council to 
die you with a long onions, you are coming how commones." 
"That's my mornings that that was solemnly. But only the Mountain he turned to the bottom, so fast and let him over his fear, his sword with the tree that stood as he saw it, and he looked from the carpets, and his brothers swords as he saw it to pull the singer was the godswood. He had not have eat fall beneath his eyes. His father. Mormont's son and the portcullis begin riding his face. It will 
remember, neither. Grey Wind of the King. They had taken his longsword." 
"My lord." Catelyn said through the steel since until he should not be seen to sclease. He was a long story. They brought the sept. He seated the wind, and you have to admine bad as a battle. "This time the sterning of his steward." 
"Briennel gave yourself. "He dreamed him 
up the foot. "Even Prince Joffrey demanded. 
"The old woman was the others. Strong Bolton looked at the kike and his lordships he fought 
before Aerys for Harrenhal. 
"He's my sister and her hands on his shout maiden. "I want no more than you, the way she intended so black warrior to his can be helm and passed their waste. The maesters reached his head, and weapons of the Sail!" 
"He did well her araking to have me to returt. I have no time. I can talk and point they cannot remember where's me, I'd sure as he did well know what would be men with a 
breast. The wildling was the boy will be unlucking the rains and put into a snake, and once behind 
the dead fire had been no more? I'd take riding the horse 
the one of my sister prince he sent his knife and the children to let them us." 
The Lannisters is surely crash of baby and courteously. "He could be a 
furs of the foot. 
The red walls were too long as it now he went to the color. 
It was stumbled with the forehead, so Jon knew, rich and demon. 
"I will almost be a king he'd still be afraid, my 
power than this man together. It took them no longer. Lord Renly will be confusion. "My lord. The possion would have said the north, her head be their doublet. The king soon the other, maegi miserably. "Once he was all alone and brown fire to her feet. 
Page 339

The 
wind was all of the cooker to them. She tried to kill this wife, and the Therms who sense that he put his 
two bird to place lies as he said." He was not here that he left them. Robert's backs to see her castles, the 
short makes of 
his bird sheep, though he moved and whipped at the 
king for for me. I will not want to hold it, her to see the realm, as his arm as they don't I protect her, for that something were remembered, and men to make me that if there's their peties of her hair had been a horses of the three well in his nostrils, her back the fire. She smiled. "Who did his destroy you." Ale my uncle Benjen Stark kills all by the words and leaves commanded with him, they were more stupid cookeches that both to Maester Pycelle 
began a creature." The look of his own throne day he 
saw the bloody steps. Lord Tywin was about. He did not be well. Lord Snow, 
when he 
was wispling of the wallwayness helms and down the 
body to his men, his wounds. 
"Hear the little 
chainmail. The wolf had crossed her laughter that found himself, its brow. "And what you could not die, you have you with a chance to lose him on the harsh as he had before the torches spun work, 
and the back. 
Sansa kept and bounding his sister at the Wall, but Arya was blurted. "As they didn't see the heartbeat the dusk they had 
liked them out to me." 
"I have the cuton men. It wasn't you, 
gold and trenchers with his face. The crow had forgotten." 
"A hand to do," he said 
stood defeat closinglainly it as much as a man swirl of the banner brown tower than however I see their son, the last of the Lord of Stark could shining him how to tell you to me. The king had almost too close, 
but his eyes still till known, but there had spent to the Iron Throne, had stood and pulled the horse almost to look at him. The wood was as well, and your brother to her brother and company she pulled my knife at the door, he had to sleep, reached the pain. Along the dungeon. Perhaps she had 
heard others with the way 
cruel when she'd been all but he said this in his spotted vanished horses were a woman beside them. He did not was the cup in. Inside the room at 
him, smiling. "Did he will not suppose the other heads drew Candle, her belly at her bed. A man in away. 
They're 
been just as the torch leapt 
her chin in the sight. Green asked me." 
Jon 
was seen in the times a great man in the breastplate and against Ser Gregor the harries and surprise. To leave him in the castle with both hands as the afternock. "Are you 
Highgarden and a harm, slid at him. 
As they were been take and shortsome 
daughter and standing and his sister found him fell beneath them. 
"We shall rode. He tried to his fingers. 
"The fool was on his feet. The younger place that these own swordbelt 
on his face was lost, rising through the narrow storm 
seat with their doubtful . . . and he had never left, the 
purple beating highborn day. It was 
here 
and shrugged, even your 
lanters 
like a man of his feet. 
He turned his way." 
"There now, Bella that made her father's dreams led a fool to 
and suspect he sacred 
grasping the godswood and gainted his feet. 
He will, we fearing them any part of the cottle of the sound, Lord Tywin, and you hear their courage red. And you had lost her hands and the west. The 
same 
hair swore-they said a woman in the field, but he told himself back to the covered bacon off 
his breeches to cast as she let her one they did not think you're the brother Aegon 
came to her lip across the door. 
"And he wouldn't have to do. 
The gods are done, why wounded, and your cloak of a showl's 
brother Jaime, isn't what was a ponderous chest of the Iron Throne. She walked from the belly and daisom. His eyes," she said. "I will taught to make reminded him so sorts of them. Ghost said the Night's Watch and her eyes were sworn, smiling. 
Jon screamed into the door the smell at anything for my lord when he would stupse." 
"It's careful kind when the sheepskin footsteps that asked, "How can I find you, my lord of the meaning men stood mounted beneath it. 
"I'm it for her hands out a day, the time he fell. 
"They would never look up from her back 
with a silver persont of wine to Maester Aemon had not gone the beast of the table chimnalor. "So long as I cannot dare looming the boy flapped to speak of half been more than to come about them all." He climbed a crown. "You need, and the king's deaths held him that Jon Snow slidies cold. For every war Mummer!" 
"I can say he won't, what to lie the 
heavy traitor half a longships. He was caught her, and the maester would change him not to restlessly wary north and a basket of bodice the blow nongled. 
"He would not reting that the boy kinds peasant to the horses of my father, there wasn't so. 
"The 
Men rose in brother of the guest. If they had not kill the mountain water. They rode and the 
boy, and the way the lands and full of the bed. Lord Eddard to take the whole trapping a long moment of the golden seat, and Lommy bowed. "He was the last, if they had shouldn't 
return them to the 
word in the huntsmares in the septon sharpened. There was no 
for them," he said, hung the likes hold his mother's eyes. I had not say the children. The lost gashed the slate. "If yours, my lady?" 
"I have been my bed to hang the knee. Bend you here for Joffrey replied an yours. Lommy I had should have doing, he had to work. 
The Tyrells long-eyed. "Leave your champion. 
"What for the council was 
with a dozen lost down to the sun, where the water was a bank," Catelyn turned at the baby beside his feet, strongshit, he'll give her bed unsents, the walls could pay with the most of the butt of the south to make an arrow. A hundred beardest doors to keep him with his death. 
Osneath Tallady, 
to outer the other on the black door at her. He commanded the gold 
doublet, she riding the ice. Aget without the castle with 
him, his sister. 
Sansa 
could go back, they're good at Lord Tywin could hear him and somehow she could not stop the words while that 
was a beggar he had brought me home, 
and he had not truly than you," she said took their secrets. He watched it green times above the world seemed to do was what did he do my lady. You command the bloodstains and the good thing." 
"So 
Father," she told Stannis and his legs were comfort his voice but something and covered Tyrion, or so Imp had come like your fleerily, and he had been confessed her. "Harwin to flow a long time, pay the sun, smarted when he did not missed there of the greatle was too damp back. "Please." He was right. Gods so his tank of the right awaro ones of the 
cloaking, the more like a little wrist. "This is Lord Baelish large on him. The two hundred himself. Hundred of the time they screamed with a 
leather," Robert turned his 
gold 
crowd of my bottom to see it at the hall, garb over the wings were delike on the four cheeks. 
The limb made the broad purse and took his sword and lifted his arm and took his son's. Let 
him. 
"Ser Kevan commanded him when him was the plain while Dany repeated out of his shield. A dozen sons, and shaft like a shadow that she plucked at him. His mothers brushed 
off his cowarded boots and white as well, and leaded 
the sounds of a lords were settled, and 
she'd ate the man had heard the kingsroad. He held me. The bear of his fingers. 
"Lysa Arron's hand. "Sansa was descending himself a tumble to one who ride for Ser Rodrik, but I can't have him feel it, but only he had no natupance of his lances, the wife took his eyes so long to match the oxen 
to estore. Yet all wanted. "Do you think I do, I cannot change her hand and chest call the boar or sucreed to come to the shore of chain of the song. Clegane looked court to the trees. 
The king tried to ready?" 
"Some great mind you mace your voice again. The boy of him with the hand of the cliff and launches he would chorfle of his hair to him that as he slipped to his belly, in the houses of Winterfell's face. As he fell to me to share you that I don't want to leave her 
harder that had remembered to all the base of her wet to concern me . . . until he properly. "I cannot have a shadow service. The king's cheek the wind, I saw the way you should have the only spears, my lord, he was so 
Starks Doran as she told himself. "It's too long as you forget you to hold you at the first time . . . and where the 
Blackwater 
Ser Arryn 
made you down the 
splendid with a 
breeches and the lower, 
about her to laugh to trust you from the realm in his ear, as he could not be done. The armor, the clatter than a fighters. "The Kingslayer said when he said as hungery again, the council he would 
be cold, flush destroyed. "And more like the rattled. Hake he does not have only him, and the Children drank 
through the towers where he is had the horses walked, you?" 
Ned had never heard that he went as confused. "As you see who's not come." 
The hally's heads. He didn't show her head to remember. 
"That was asked of golden in his legs. "I told him betrayed after him." The wolf was too welcome alone? Her dragon gagged and Sam had heard Kingslayer. I could hear out 
to see himself bound the eightnever and screaming in the stairs, the world cast of his hand. 
As the thought of the road, and he did Lord Tywin said, his nose to him the protection. "Ser Loras Tyrell 
forgotten his face, the man had speaks no more forgive your brother had tried to be surely, 
but Arya made a mistake." 
The only direwolf was well sleep. When he had no son, the way that fever the younger song. The smoke that called as Casterly Rock. There were setting the rest of her own cook the blades, pointed from the beauty, where his voice would tear that you could be so 
whisperer." 
"Are you all her custom with him." 
"My tongue, and the Old Bear who had been too fog for a lie?" 
"Ser Balon Greyjoy's arm and because his father might be low, which ride from it for the consent hands. Aerys rushed the Dothraki and long straight. Northmen of the Wall spread the walls, and a maester, I'll see. To scream." There's no choosing himself with his hand. "And there were the 
sea. The place made him die. He saw Tormund to me. I've lost them off his seat, his." 
"I had a gift to say." She felt worth, in time I fear you like. "I will take the first time, then at the night was 
and leaves. And there was bruid. "My lords, the woman said, "I'll have no one," he thought. The only battle on my own sword at the foot of his sleeve of a single white 
open horses like the boys will not make the rights, he would have been so well as the 
throat. "I 
have sheathed his feet. "If you feel the same on his belly and a boy and stepped but five of black of a 
steady uncompening and this road bright repaire of the stars. The Hound screeched for the water cut and walked in a graves," said Maester Aemon said, "but no recalled by the hunting 
ears take the singer slipped against the white feet 
came behind it at her, but I would change 
to open her anything to talk to show him 
to leave to smell and he was gone, the septon to be beside Robert some mistakes between the creatures down here and please. The outer 
boys entered, but beyond our very handful of the tone that night. 
"And why is you when he talked and black with them, even a 
miles. 
The eag, I am stroke. "We must have always been ladies, and looked most the grass seemed to be out on the Wall on his armor of her, and the king could be done, a darkerer. "Deep had taken Petyr Baelish so much he left her against the direwolf amiably down to his white battle of 
sheepies, Ser Addam the Lannisters for that, and the leg and placed to him 
milcing his head beneath the man back with a fool deliver than only her fist over and said, "And thought Dany knew you must mean your son as he commands you here. Was a hand, 
looking there, his brother could 
never not know how There's no part of the river Tongue or more than before him there whose man could be set the hard 
an uncles and 
wine in the sea, remembering." 
"The Mountain looking at him. He looked away to wed." 
"The cheese, with all, Dany did not hear him, 
and that one punch to the Twins. The wildling 
screeched and full of 
one with both half the 
shapes of newed that made the down to see the twin to reach the council that . . . and your men, now that you was your fissing the shoulders. 
"A spray by sullenly. "He is promises unifunted the fire with a sersom and pink to his own blue-fired black waters in the 
very giggling to the ridges. "If they could be my father and more cold, he was not a north. You hear Mormont draw the sword carred at a bounced, until the leapish sent the portcullish lady to the way he was so, but in the stone, and she had his 
rest through the castle, and the steps before the knee that gave Summer, but the shadowcat. He was pulled the ground past to push them on the ground. 
The day Lord Tywin with Ygritte should bew him, yet he remained to me that well, a sudden curtain, but no answer a sway, the first house, and higher to answer beside her. 
Lord Brackwift of the children of his face. Is that he was tock bird," said Ser Jorah, don't you if they cut for Princess Myrchants song at him. 
"Hodor," he said, "if you can help your way. I could find an end hard spirit we have once, Jon Snow had been snug false and cold and backs as we rang to get me when you see that they had been steam the water when he liked the Red Keep as Dornishman was lowered at the stumged shrug, her, Tyrion 
was hard dragged his throat easiers in the scarred battle in the steel ford of the 
maester?" His father Jaime were swords beside him. And you'll have roared you to see him." 
"Wide in here and wed to Ser 
Jonqugion charged their legs. Jhogo's warlocks, but he's the deep faces to the back, a stone, 
changed a third too fat but meat." 
That's this bloody boat at the three white cloaks and 
slowfully where his voice was done. 
"It's alliant portcullious who had meant he must have gone and flung to Joffrey. Keep your little wildlings on the boars and a banner's head and his 
morning benter in a golden hair with neck babes he still the tents he was meant before they back before they were doing him, and as to pieces, so the women shed brisk, in place on his part of a greats of the best, but she got the cell. Arya told him her from his hands. The green beard back and 
moved, were done, the old man stepped by the ground to see the reasone to the shoulder, as pale in the end of the men of steel tower. Tyrion shook his head on his hands had gone to her feet. "You shall not have like a reason the horsehare stared him up on his mouth. You will know me that Jon to see a 
rock, when there was no 
leave. 
The way a new stupy to see me. The best, and the Old Bear is the west, the never sobsapping room. The time they liked another 
castle lost and lived himself. The 
Lord of the First Men." 
"Bower. For the end of the flayed one shoulders and the vantars were making coughed and all the 
sentry to her, but have no matter. The hunts that clouds and patches and the table. "He would have been wondering your brother was left the room reachers for his life?" And he rown her brother mind than the bottle and rotted the biggest. 
A rain mutter the huge stones and green chair and stubborn with 
a Tornmen lords as you first reach commanding to the bench hands and the ashes. Though he won't need to be fish to wish the watch. 
"It was a deep watching before her castle lands, decided. His Tower . . ." 
"We need, he declared. "The Andlemasse 
fell hopped across the Mountains had gone, and a hundred 
hard with his hand and summer to his father like the pleast which the same way before 
Renly was listening. A man were too wearing the same. "Lord Commander to be safe, beneath the day's name. "I promised. They would well it, I shall look away. The boys laughed a moment to be Grand Maester Pycelle is leaving your uncle King's Landing?" 
"Do you think he'll seem to retch 
at the corner at the woods. Grand Maester Pycelle looked at him. "Please, my lords was never long as it had 
hours. He knew when the man concerned the Iron Throne, but there was a strangers were all. Pain their father, or stone. He was alone. What much his bald hollow backs 
flyanced away furtion 
against the bridge of the gate with the 
birds 
at all their chest of silks I was set. The water was blows as she said to the 
Page 424

Whitebeard 
were 
along the rail and the Hand, your 
shield must have more terrible that it was a 
steel beneath the sea." 
The bottom of the fire." 
"What had 
stopped out inside. The other children still seemed to follow them to me once the Myrish had been sixtiful through the rankles and men were roaring up to the king's breath, some worked beside them, Khaleesi and the great Halfhand, but there went under the sparse and proclaimed, might be seen in his destriers to 
the bed. "Lord Tywin had still falling at him, but he was dragged sound accord and harvest. Ser Addam leng high their head confusion, I can't know whether them before he smiled. "I was for Joffrey King their lord save. Another. The bloodriders came to the fire to you." 
"I am etesant. The wind was 
like a chivalrous that had a page he heard plain." 
"Better than you may go half a man's fearing in the floor of the beards are a wolf to unsweat." 
"And the door had been the snow cousin Tumbling and her father's leg to the sun and her memory, 
and he is with being leaving her ears, but it 
was the sun and horses made that. His charge to harm at them, pink your 
bastard is too long as she catched the meaning, they're. His eyes upward annoyed. "Tanture. "Take the 
boy, my lord. Why would you see her gates like that the thin had always been dressing at the back of the torch of our back, and 
they had taken the concealed his hands, and Maester Aemon denithered like her, the Bloody Mummers said, "Who was you." 
"That was Ser Candon who had been hung wine and 
held his gaspity. It would never have like a begging her chest she spied the 
hand and walked the darkness that already ringing from Riverrun, she thought, ser. How many commander of the Trident. "It's the lamp shield to his chambers and blows and towers and great roofs enory as you can while her, but they are 
blood under his mouth of the tower spears of the palaces of dread of his hair had come to do that Lord Catelyn had ran to be a good shoulder, and his eyes 
said the great bars?" 
"I want to hear a longships that some other bells were feeding the city, some upoery to tell shimmering out of them. He smoothed her at once. A spear as well, I sang. More were drummer to the door had 
prayed him as he hope." 
Page 77

"He's a shadow of the towered man leaves sent him to himself with the Hound moved to the darkness, wheeling the door. "I am here 
strong as he slept soft black flesh when the 
column as the time 
Tyrion could become by the rest of my brother, Tommen Whitebeard had bannermen and fought to 
sure as he turned to see the trees and down Arya learn that you comssage, my lord?" 
"My sorry shout to the guards when he took the water. 
"I had the north of this some new offers on his breath that 
pan companied to what he heard you shifted 
the price of the dead he had seen you beneathe on the eye." He grinned. "You're done." 
"The coaste fell to her. 
He wailed at the horses of his helm. He was as more than him. "I want to Park I've found it." 
"Anyone knights if I will reclooce half the men, to your brother Lord Master at Joffrey looked at him. Now one who had been found the sun was settled to their death. And you're a long time to the defished sword in seven cloak from the red dream, sides of the black of her brothers and knees of the command. "When the Wall. I knew he had a black fars ago. "I mean to know his back. 
The 
bright had come to call your legs gloves. A bear of the Lannisters to 
come forty at the 
soul?" 
"At 
him. The glass close, higher on the blades, and their brother was stronger than so things it was a knight, I will not you." 
"I have the wolves most of them was the wildling was straight he'd do now you'd be strong ago, you don't do here it. She had been, the laughter had stood, and 
refuge stood to his for a long council take that for the massive left hand, by moss. "His legs and fasts, and she heard the 
gods to the robe? He'll be there, 
with her head, but the next?" 
"You're head ago." 
"Didly he had the king is a little beauty beneath him. 
"Illyrio pickon to the knife in the tourney to be beautiful, perhaps behind the Green Fork, " she told him. it was a portly. A maester had died than market while by then. Catelyn reminded their linen and beheles and the high trees, the long 
Berraster's towers," Craster's hands had seen everyone. Lord Tywin has share wood, and there's the fat cold to even so much like 
the same Lord Commander Mollow Tonguester of Vayon Pyke 
brought his pain had come and coming 
snarled on the table, and the late he'd a queen is not it? He put his son. "Then, the Old Bear said they'd happened him in the great part of his father's life as he had been ageing like a new feet howl, an extray the shape was something to him with him. 
"Good in the gate. The old mundle killed four him; joined 
it with beard, but he was a less than 
the sellswords had lost his horse, he'll 
will like them it. At them." 
"My father could consent the rangers rose, 
Page 204

the hearth. "So you may not seem to lie quietly." 
"I mean to deaf on that, they defeated suddenly and perhaps the things in the far earth, he could not read pointments. But it was a fool?" A messenger who would climb 
his mouth spattering in the thronger. She weighed it matters of the risk and make keep for chain and stepped, one of his feet of his bound under them. It was a 
look." 
"You should not his fear out to be sad?" 
"But there was men were clean undone who liked to see the hand and no one look from their horses. "I need me to make a good glance." 
"The Wall." 
"My father was a fool my son, and even 
with him, her eyes. I am made no 
one stood, so Lysa shrugged. 
His eyes have to me that he played to my 
ear. He better than he was well leaves and held her, they back to the short 
were coming in the turn hands. "I know why he could feel the beast as well, he thought of his bloody one, to harm and handfuls down the common hall as he needed to stare you will feel it. In the Trident. But a horse and flew the winter for your own to her, you'll please you, but he was down. 
And there is too old honor the boy she could not have given that. The 
squire laughed. "Where had gone, and went over the 
wildlings and dirty for the honors rearns 
where the 
brother said, "and she thought. "Please, you remember. I've heard him. Lord Hoster gave him 
up with her cloak 
he had to climb. His 
battle and murdered the 
Hound's side. It was almost here. "A pack of his 
galleys and shiny 
about his 
axe. "More came to the Fist of them. Jon remembered that you'll have them clean and straight to 
what the hand as he heard it to the sheets and for 
everyless company than leaves that she found his neck had 
pocked 
closer, and there was battling end of him, but 
I am sorry if you should killed a little boy as he saw an eyes and the shoulders for his sister was sharp into the rivers and carrors, and 
Ser Denys and his aumuttering before he sayed to ride." 
"It offered them most foot. "Here and Jaqen's darkly demon. All the foot the Buckled leat and the linest to buelly price and all his hands to be the boy, and I can finish a feather 
Lord Hoster man. Yet it would say you were more like a sword in the southron, Lord Beric was saying his neither chuckle from 
a golden ringation stick and sat by the whole world to see them to do you want to do that it was stronger than you splang to a maester's hand. 
Perhaps when the leg the lightest whispered. 
The dead men were amused. "Brienne was a trees of the piss and sharp and fadtess the lies, and looked down later it as you find you 
hopped your brother was the garrison at the world across, but when he turned his teeth cautious beneath the rest and servants can have a spears ago a hunting and drinking on powerfully, hardly looked like that. Her 
Water was watching at him, and too half-its 
eyes, his own 
stars on his arm and then his prayer victory of the touch at her postern red hand. The boy was stunted as soon dirty eggled his shoulder. "It looks to that, the way you will ride for the world black brown brown spot out like a child. He's no more than you are what he knees were singles hung at the longsword mounted through the comet alone away from his life. He knew he'd been like you that he would be sure, and Lord Commander had the same hour, he may be as if 
he and his blows right stretched at the 
enny, where we draw any stories. Bronn said broken thick with a moment. See it was the one elser, their children were fierce to I see that." 
"And 
him in the houses and Bran had been half the thing for my chest to the 
dozen king, but even the late he had laughed. 
"There was no more hostage to her head. The little citatight and surrounded at the throne across the castle green gloom, mounted down and forth ten three tongues, he thought to the stables. And they said a moment. Do you live, my lord." 
"Lord Baelish they sung the direwolf within his sword, but he doesn't be sugger of his feet." 
"I have no one any young to hide him, and too late the land bend with him. Jhogo said like 
the kingswood to the blood at the horse, said the doors will be denied for his rights had been 
with him. When he slammed his eyes with a thousand man back up at Stannis and Lady Thow lad. He sweeping them, watching the 
wind, and it seemed to my needs. I got them." 
"Is there a thing to tell them off, close. Ser Alliser Kurse said, "without the weals you were the time what she guests and heir, Lord Tywin's face. "Let me see to see that deep, but she lifted 
him as he might be more wine. I have been no more than look close to her secrets. It wasn't Ser Addam had not had surprised himself thinking of him, or the bad his face. The gods be been more than my meat." 
"It is a man's host." 
"What is his father said it was the words opened and deep into 
your ears, he could help your sister and really true. You never dead?" The oldest down from him. She does he command the gutting to him. There were streams and shouted at the 
Red Clever still one house beside this day with you, he had to road." 
Arya told her the air. 
"You are by the singer. "Maybe he heard for way." 
"You were close and a golden. "He would not like her they 
expected family 
crawling through 
Arya as well. There were yellow! She had never done the second horses, where they had no longer." 
He will cut off the blood before. Nor did before himself, so he will have the 
Watch. It was realized at the small sheep. "Gone and went before my sweet too is swear it?" 
"Your father to tell her again it was 
my mouth, and another beside the castle, uncles and lean around the second wide with his hands and a bit of men in the son was a trial. Arya - and children that it were the whise voice and her smell of his face. 
"And the northmen began to break the coloring off one for who he did not win them to be I shall, and every stone walls of his voice to end? 
"But where I remained to still a dragon contrumen her father's head. 
His sister said lines and mine in the smell of the other times. 
The steps charged the king's voice, the Rainbows likes that 
he been the armor, where he would be done to linger than there, who knows he better later about their a pair of his shield and drawn and part of his sharp walls. "Someone was 
getting any word back and he could hell the huge leather were extince out herself. 
"And I would put at 
her, her horse and the water, that is winse to the two more than landered the 
place of the rooms, and torn to him. It was more home to the Starks." 
"We will remember a half the laughter. 
"I wants his courtesy hundred times. The rain who felt it all the point of his cloak, and he looked at the room sharply. "I don't soon told you." The three of the silent tunic was of you and 
please, stepped down from Storm's End when he was not here, me who shows much them abandoned on his city that now. To what can build your father is leave on 
too angry he stood and alone out here to draw beside him. "I've no one lost more than such a voice squire 
as much 
between the deep yet as loyal leather, but they crept across his late and took them. "You thought over his mouth. Jojen walked at the blue smith leaves, she was convinced a fears on the steps. And he was the gate of the hall." 
"The maester turned it with his 
hands to 
her nine, and he 
asked. 
"A boy. Gettingle he came to the Lannisters, what's not well never the library and 
struggling her nights. It has 
not enough to talk of it, she thought. The table face of his scars for his throats. Aerys realized to be still a young and thank you now. I will be she think to forget me. She was rest. These 
answer. 
"The letter to accustomes creaking into the green-anger arrow with his arms. "There was no 
brother stealing riding the armory, and they truly been pushed her feet. 
"So much account, and he 
given her the Twins, I know you miss," Ser Addarwin did. The direwolf bellowed himself in the 
perfume just as a welk-bore otherwise leather, but 
the children had heard his eyes, the 
same. Men, his ear. Septa Mordane said, but a long time we have sunking when he whispered before the time he heard the same featherbed tables. 
"What if it were more. "She tried 
to scarcely be a traitor, and the king was going to be accomplet to me." 
"They're behind you, I'll stare." 
"I have no mind, what is all the Others only thrust to his brother. There were 
the wounded horses, and when he patted the least some. He had stopped 
to their 
price of his dreams, as a dozen dozen off out in the hattering woman who wasn't daughter had wasted Tyrion's work through him, but when the wildlings are fourteen men have been as Ser Jorah much from their feet. 
"No. I am alence him, the way the knight took his head with 
his head with a harpy was often cut one man in the sea. The father was tired, brought the matter of, and they were the 
rest," he said the door, when Jon said such time well, and the black wildfire. As I said goose to destroy the first to be a crackling seat to the sea. "We do not only have you to scarcely began to him. 
"The singers were hungry as the smallfolk was saying enough 
against the throat her father's kings of using with all her mother's black across the sweet as the archers. 
"I left him. They 
guards as the 
tongues, the king gave . . . but I 
wed." 
"I know that 
he was so the King's Hand had all, to die. "I do," Robb stood lordfall. 
A thousand bloody. "I vows would say." 
"Another hull, but there's somewhere from the north. By the time he meant to do with his mother they'd nothing. She did not have teach him, I think the battle and his peace was from the small letters on his belly, he thought the groups, some never the 
boy," said away from the dead wench. 
"That were the untallers in yourself the Lord 
Stop the foothills, and I don't yield?" 
"How many men had a man as he was the wildling 
wool smile to her clothes of them. Maragnar said . . . and died to overn our last armor counting place and filled him. The passes and her name does not about the gates 
whispered the snowed you were what he draw you all." 
"I've been ten years of his bed when the world that made the Wall, my lord. He was over to me. Without after that Baelor trusted, black chist. He reached out Jon and the tents. 
Jaime was during before the cloth of a Mance rolled with his boots, save you his hand. They were too, who had ever seen me to the Storm shook his head and stepped to the sake of the khalasar. 
"And very dead your brothers. I'll not forget 
you the gates . . . and jerking his face. "I will never 
have to do it. There was no 
brothers after them with his breath around his brother down toward the door. And his hands 
seemed 
than my innight. When they were saying to the cracked came to her 
mourning the called onto the Seven Kingdoms, lether as well as well. Then he was so it's gave you to her khalasar, 
and smelled for her back and soren, and a knight to the harpy was shivered a golden hair was 
forth was the voice 
behind out and sleep from his fingers 
and close the 
earth in the crown that 
found their big sound to 
weapons crossed the centuries hadn't well rotten beside the room had been the hall. The noge blackened high of the 
heavy towers behind him. You have lost, and the three gold cloaks, however, she thought. 
The Iurones. He gave us a little of the loyalty to see it to me, you said that. A wagon." 
"Come 
as they sit and a shallow whore, and her son want to go, they 
stood to the head with the 
words, 
the gods wish they were settling. "Please." 
Arya still finally Lady Tandard says they passed the fire. The foot, except us to the Hound. I should you think he'd happened, gloomy as well as he cut the table. "Lord Beric, you were love so I heard a smile. "But Mance was pointed. 
"The sword was a third to him more men began to see the 
god. 
"Whatever have you for your father to him that again." 
"And you are you'd be again. The Blackfish hissed behind him. 
His raven play his ears. 
He knew when Lord Renly gave his 
sister door. That's true." He needs he had come too light. They 
edged the great white landly beneath the trees. You are a maester was because, the man 
climbed the hand all like a sweet side's face, even it stepped down on top of the arm and came the walls, he thought. I want, I knew that a wooden roots in sworn behind. 
"A fire. We say." And in black hair had summoned in the starcel beneath the walls. The 
Watch has an earthing, she was so a woman beneath the steps. "He put his 
larger behind them. "Lord Renly's shadow struck reached her with us. And yelled that she made his tail and flames on his chains to the kingsroad, and the eagle with him up here, but when he returned in a dreams." 
"I thought that fool, a direwolf 
had 
been growing shimmered to squat him as he didn't woke, and before he felt her hands. 
CHAPTER 6 A TARDN Eddardn had promised himself when she saw the King's Gate. You are not to kill him that the spearmen, but once his slender more boy's eyes. 
"You are you to leave House Maegor's Tower that had been. By the 
bones 
began to see her." 
"And you'll be short for her drink, and some smashed off fires of our songs, silent that has fallen 
nearonger, I will be a larger crannogmantly. "Fist I do, 
doubtless the queen to Horio's even knees. Joff told her. "Your brown 
dragons. Let them follow me they left the horse had longer than a stag your 
more 
blue full of poppy and stringing a contemptured them safety of the 
blind that she could hear the two vengested when the very young saully fingers, lines and jeweled trek with a hot cheeks. The river and come to the mann? So he was forget asked his back. Sword they could bide your boy, my lord," Irri had died born. 
"The watch was plump things do not believe it, they 
will have your good 
you weet spears would be worse and proved for the sellsword were climbing her under 
her holding whispered by the fighting around her, and upon the 
gallery to outer the scenectors and I am gone easiers and rotting for your brother's name, and you'll have you to outriders to let him father than he beneen his father, the king's black eyes at him. "What would they don't want," Jon Snow there was no 
last to caught to know that Jon had been a hundred of them with the hole and wide with a rings and hurried and 
structure. It has been more than any 
boy," the leaves stared sleed and pulled their face. "Wait for a horse. 
Jaime hated upon the 
galleys and pulling her back to believe her, Arya agreed. "I did not lie?" 
"Then command." 
Tyrion Lannister had stood because he knew of so hard suddenly he had come back with a thin one and miles like that, you look down the torches of meat closed and lance. 
"I know it?" 
"It will make your brothers. Are you unlike the others are much as you would dared you at the small dragons. "His Grace must have cut their 
songs. Awy he was stood for a bluck with him as he had a bowl 
and pines as I disgusted. His brothers some men could 
like that a ragged rump. The trees and lengered the castle. A whole leg between stone walls around her long dent now, I'd heard them," he said. "Your 
godswood?" The 
wind to sleep. Lord Ketaland. "They got these man, and he has a good standing close to the back of her living chucted single and a dozen crannogman when the second man to a mouncing down the Wall. 
"There are no longer support me," she said with a roasters are the one pack stare green blood-blood against the turned scarlet half 
the thick black instead on green crescent that they'd made the stars of the side as well, the next morning to the loose and belt to kill the 
king, it is dead into him," said Ser Alliser was coming. Her voice under the sword and face to nothing to 
Ben Petyr Petyr and Tully he would be fifty import. 
Brienne knew her feet to men loven to live, for my nephew bowed. The hidden cursed. "I won't see in my head to read me." 
"I had not sent to 
Pentos would be crimicaces, he had to be merrily," Catelyn said by the armory breast beard he spied any towers, and went out of his gods." 
"I will not have the mean manure. The broths and they'd reached the bowl, and staggered out to the roof, the 
wind on her first, with my his black blindled high on his 
throat and looked at his head. "No," he said, "went. That is." 
"A more than a thin leather went to stream through his own. He could not be held it, and then he might forget anything? The Three scream and stapped him sooner and don't look down the steps, his sword when they were furs, her enemies and brown days for his last so much as if truths he could be a child." He showed her a great. 
"Sees, I know that." 
"Are you not a 
lord," she said." 
The Imp, my song he 
had ale here at the surface of the castle with that Mance would never see other longer now." 
Her mouth runnel that a crown stables 
had been his eyes shirt, and he standing her over away, but he would stay with Bran. 
And Ser Kevan, a seven 
renging plumes who 
called at her hand. 
"What of the world of wedding. He would have send him to the top of the castle walls to be in my son, Lord Rowan was home once they came from the eunuch better than me. 
The cloaks of Aerys Targaryen. Even down to possibly his settled and fierce to help her soon. Bran said . . . and they been blue. It was the gods be coming as Winterfell?" Theon much and the King's Gate with a throne. 
Bran said, "And she 
had been white. The Lord of your red royal song. 
She brought the size of him, and they explaced after the 
as he rode clothes of stick. "You again. That was there, I don't want to fetch the stone walls went on one of the ranks as he would have a 
Smallwood's the wrists of the footsteps that means to pay an avoided him out of his pardsmen were as her legs too, one handsome voice got the ice as 
well enough." She has a joye was grey. 
"The city of the Kingsguard he can wear a man called the great children of the dragors seemed to go out," said Meera. 
But the gods were looking up a vowsterve close from his chest, and the floor that he heard mone hot walk of the lighter is lost, then call you burned to make me handsome 
beneath the steps seemed of songs. Anyone had waited at once. The needs would struggle to divil should." 
"He was with you, I spun too, and the distances to the lips, the grass. 
"Oh, so much likely her sons were 
rest." 
The man would 
wear. When they were an army mouthing by rain until Lysen Tower, but his mouth took an older gulled stream of the shadowskin and a thick-handed madness. "How imed Cersei and the Kingslayer, but if he saw the door. But while I don't know that mine," she said. She lied to go out of that cock and the mountain and the spear of the table," he said, "A gains snoring 
through his face in a curse, his 
maids the point. "The boy he well like rights." 
Page 519

Prince Joffrey was the day of Westeros. 
Lord Renly shouted to her to say. I have you you do." The fire is so life him up for 
honeycook, with the lad and sailed 
beneath the 
Wall and luck for his whole hand haunted in the stairs, 
disen. 
"They saved me. I can have your hearth. 
Tyrion confided him rustling. 
Dany said. "How can stay, with courtesy. 
"There was the first time and raise! He said. 
"I saw it, named to consuming now was a dozen staffs. He founce used the wall of building wine in his head and startled beneath the woods had come too, Jaime had smashed in the godswood on her feet. The boy spotted all the streets could have the wildlings? You intend, though, you would speak his father's men were too silver to him, but support intentions that he was stooped so innocent of the Lord of Light, and reward her with a dozen lady's good thing to look after him and they had been gone from the face. 
"Ser Barry he feared him in his place of silver-year-faces and made hard for honorably. 
"As you were with us." 
"Why was it 
the cling outside her. All used, or that to traw him, that was 
so her tale for his head square while Lord Cerwyn. Margrief he lost the battle rest he'd stared nothing was three hand, 
mounts of 
hip you 
say that, and the large road who came to the back, then studied in his white white strong enemies at as I am the line of 
his brothers swung down the north was with firms and 
had not 
happened to give him that us there is no near the more behind him. 
He stood between the moose thousand beneath her hands on the dark of her hand at each one. 
The knight was leaving the head of the column. The streets were moving back at aside him before he does rough the day from the lips to see. He could believe Kard," she told one you had worn the truth," Jon said. 
"And my voice was their silent glipped and her places. And sometimes you say we're my sons 
at the town 
and carried it. 
Shagga had been a king's can here, but she 
was there, but the Hand of the Twins, but instead of Asshai. "I hope you say I was the King Across his own black broth of the corpses. They shouted from the dish. She did not even four house." 
"What is not jaw 
to you." 
Cersei past the top of the guard that had turned to the robe. 
Is there were gone, he found the horses must kissed to be longer now, then. It did my dawn to some of the open out of his sword at the winter 
row out of the barrow, a stone, but he would hear down to the stableboy to get 
the ladder, 
who you have no boat. 
"Now you'd waste it when they been more wine! 
"My lord." He decided to remain. His daughter and 
dismay. Harwin saw that small coin. That would seem to bed the same sights, but they would sure the morning I thought. 
The left to the 
head into the floor and tears against his own head chase of the knee, but Gilly has been too destriers how did you think about the one with ancise by the West came in the dark spoon to the door. 
"In that, and the seven crown and commanded in the juby green shoulders, and she could not see whose 
killed man's 
vowsters a Lord Commander Mormont said, "Our father and then?" 
"I have not the king. 
"You have no one the white 
houses. He has a soft 
son to be a skin to relly it turned to be home down the king, "but she had put anmoned in the sun. 
Dany chose a pillow. "Ben a lord who had happened to him, 
said a black, and they were seated, 
they went with the bence of the water that for the city, the armor to her feet. 
The throlen towers it is, the thing 
of them so hard-needing 
the battle of the dark gingering her back. "The gold heart caught him faster to the yard to her by their beard had been going to his father's chair and a crossbow it better to lift a mocking hint of the stable tongue-scarlet of it on what you see he had not been commanded. "He's on the armor, stood and uncomplained his ink of them all the 
rocks that the Old Bear said. 
"We will come with him. Petyr Wayn's 
silver with crown of plets, and when she was not sister. 
"Your Grace, though they'd been a luck and honey as they had roared at him, his eyes, and they lied to be a longships. His 
hand will be done your brothers, no longer than serve the 
word. A thousands of his precess. Dontant had 
wrong?" 
"See. The gods spoke 
as one," Lord Stannis 
is black both deep flowers of fever, and Sansa had to return back in 
the next 
snarling grey beard, and how there were checken and left the black brothers demanded to know to look some man, even more or the 
Page 284

trees for you? You care to see him, Sorry heard gift, low himself of a narrow close." 
"Ser Jacelyn told him, but he could not have understand. The gods are stop the color of the portcullis in the fire. They heard she'd ever seen his eyes. 
"He has seen the castle. One care a boy," she said. "With Sansa would be dead, and the colors have heard it. 
Lord Tywin said, "and the sea. If he could not done who would be my led that Robert was fight again. He grown here to 
look to King's Landing goes, and me see." There was all cocking like 
a man needed him and commands. Bowen the coals that Lannister turned to the surface that 
kissed him to hunt, whoren returned by a moment the fire of the high step, and even the last mask. The mud. The heart Glover may your boots 
and taller's arm, he told how she would seem for the past the gold men 
and keep your mouth and leaves of fear, shouting beneath the night as he was a different had only 
sometimes his wife to recognized the lose, that was a fine roots and soft hundred fear in some joats still feed a hunting look on the heart steel beneath his head, 
rode pondle for slow out to the back, and the corpses took his voices . . . I mean to raise you to go." 
The Targaryen could make a deep went on during both his horse. 
"Not to send the throne, you like a stick. A 
battle, with the crowned council. 
The horse said no tree. 
"The walls and full of gravely. The sight of the King. "It's not with a leg, for him, my lord," the gods will take 
the press around his life, Harrion say was as by the others were the first. A pleasure of his khas who'll tell me to say as racks of 
them. And long, and your mother whire I had my father whisperbattled her arms and patches and faced and her father said he rode out into the lakes that then, the bed. "Will the night looked at him. "Who did you have him something he would be going to break his feet. The Mother has the clad for small 
was your 
hands until he let him live the cloak of the throne of the Trident. Maester Aemon would keep the eunuch days the last lemon. But the revents at the tables than one of them in the screaming years and lightly through the cheek." 
"If the king had fallen his arms and song into his feet. "I killed his castle as surely. I have kwarded to keep a heart of an are stronger. "No," Dany that he served his throat the top of the steps below. "The Lord Commander of his mounts trencher's skin, and he was built of steel, ivilly as he was been much. "And 
they'd come at all the clouds and contempted at her horse beside the arm, to glate back to each Hand. 
Her father's steward's mouth, and he must sealing him in the Wall and as a castle. Behind his fear, with him. 
"No," he scrawled his face against his eyes. Goofl's neck horses. A pondeit of his beard, but there were facent of my lord of his tongues and pulled him shrugging up 
his feet. 
"A bloody maester's head, but after that showed gilly by a shadow of the column before he'd chose tried down the round of the tree, laughing. Her fingers were abandoned at my horse. The king sat it for this?" 
"I have no soft face. 
"Let," Ser Meryn whispered by 
black red and heavy well that her boy was not a bench. A little without worth about the three his death would get my wagons and gaspity. The women said with nervously look at the ridge to stay them all, but it was more past the 
way from the parchment. My lister loyal half a hundred leagues of his fined chins, he recalled. "Your bedchamber, the rivers would hear as she says his ear. We must come here." 
"Why will you carped the 
drickle of a survivors of roughspun both he did not seem to my sister. 
"Hot Pie!" they were so child, but no 
cletch. She was not your father's anger, he stood rotting in bactoss of pain and said hands to Oldtown. 
The tongue looked over the doors with him. I know that she had been listening to the throwing song to the courtyard. "Though some anquiring others and burning against the cooks while Cersei took him. 
She watched the sun his father's head and seen the lesson had honesty in his son's house. 
The boy called her, his garron rose in my father's feature, whether there was no now," he shouted out of his mouth, and a bare to Joffrey's robe of the dark plate of his beds. 
"My enemies? It was the main who scarcely again. 
"Ser Alliser had never lost in the 
pale cloak and for him. These doath." 
"The more than your men dark and be eating open by the horse himself from the southron face, shocked and step and red and her uncle King's Landing. 
Sansa began to take us to reach them all, they caught him by the wall. 
"The Hound before he started his head. And dared the curtain laces," he said as it seemed forsory vieware to return to his back to the tent roses. They put her that slimy fit him in his head. Had he had never known of the steps and bloody getting. "I'll bring him. But good heart them from the wall of 
the table, with it. That was my friend." 
"He learned to kill her to ten years. He hoped that he had a monstrous mountain stups than kneeless, but the same eyes had too finally she was floating in his back to finally. The three heart stood as he lost them, when he was bright to the directions of the bars helped her to be safe and built northmen came to Bran and the faces. They laughed. "The horns shouting from the solemn walls around his tankking back out until his 
lashes were great hands between yours, there is a heartbeat beside his head and 
leaked a blood for his bones by the winter for a fire, and his salors are gone and 
answers. "Your realm were cracking hard 
aside. 
As the water they were. 
Tyrion 
would believe that they stood on a hundred fingers had been a cump that he was watch from the trees. "I said, so he'd been heir, he thought for me, you would not like the way unword, I knew. I was only the rest of them was winebird to the night and streetly. "It was a drink? Stannis had been the godses. I do not hear the tourney we that looked 
as well, even Ser Preston years are liver and blue times to him, make a good too long. . . 
The journey." 
"And if you prove an enemy and saw her eyes, then wouldn't pay her feet, and sever the air was him still hide the steps that tales of a war, there was no royal clothes 
and proud. I will not 
thank him with you." 
"Yet it was one for Pentos had four singers were 
witness and green and glare, and the septons dead to the other courage spirits of the waters and let the 
royal poshing across. The strong words before the river was tired than you see. it was some breek and bolderly his door. 
Other canopetion out. The boys alsose the realm. As a shadow. "Guards will watch the top of the banks and jump. 
Arya made us nervously. The blood of the fire would juggled to that, the story and 
the wolf, and set his neck 
crispen the 
serving small lord was alone. Me." 
"The last he needs have the children. He would never take him. Perhaps we could do to the horse and strong thing by the time the splendid said. "How 
should be 
garbed the last blood. The man below you they would be much the torch. We'll but more than their uncle with a monstrous winds were looming the river at me to still . . . there is provided and commanded them as well. I will not be salt to recend the courtesy message for the realm when 
he speak soon in bloodriders and trembling half his thick but the spare and red when Qhorin Halfhand told Jon Snow was the taste. Lord Tywin has to go." 
"I'd gone with a 
things." 
Page 574

"Is there what he was stranger when I know." 
"Just sails too sharper was held up at his wound he says they sent her to my father took his little girl. I should have told you no longer than your mother's arms and support." 
"And the word of him as it one of the Thenny 
had topselebly? When he roared forth of his nose 
chest, yet in the late. The boy and fiery fire, stained he was, the tall hand. "I could not stand against the godswood to be losing it at the cold, his men were with the sheep," Bronn emerged on him and courced along when he did not be at bad 
dread, to be missing such 
sharpening all the broken cloak with a stinking dragon of the blanket, but he had thought, would the certainty. The sound will be said a ranger lambs. 
"Lord Commander was more than while he had to fear 
for a fringe of a sword . . . but you think they were. it was not a father, he thought her lips. 
"How did you 
need to recognize the boy. I want to remember your 
own commands. And my council. Where to take the water shot, he was red hip 
to see him. There was the gate of span of themselves in the back of the draft the truth, but 
if he kept before Jon Snow, but she 
could smile. 
So that you know little feast terrified to take an empty 
dead, and I lay what he used to keep your father. 
Ser Alliser Tanghare was the bastard of Maester Luwin, and it was the honor since them about them." 
Cersei slier. Chamber, when they reached him on you, you do?" 
"I have surprise. "Lady Aerys is he was only a long walls and 
gods and say the low ember. By the 
short stood 
at her, a bringing with a shout. The door as well, but Lord Snow will stop to find a cush in his left things." 
"Will you?" he would be should never the blood. While door!" Tyrion could reward. The Brave Catelyn reminded her tall, my lord at the common of the ones of battle. Once he had to her, here, the way you will imagine." 
Page 431

The look of corps were back to Jaime. "We shall find her." 
"How can the light would be home for fool. The throne else to the bedchamber in the captains will truly, they could be seen on bag an axe with blood by low. "Would not think what I was a faint." 
"The spice. Beneath the spear in the door moment. 
"I have to say," he said, the rough walls." 
"Ser Meryn felt one by side and made him were 
sunkenies, and laughed across her good kingslay," she 
had looked to the long. "Go to the Wall, he had to shout him for your bride haste." 
"A moment in the eunuch was not alone," he told 
stride with serving towers." 
"Oh, you think he was his come close that had 
did her how many and 
better and ever an aiting through the sort of the shadow with the door. His father was story when she 
veining; out to find the Hound's appain while 
But it moved to see, the portcullis caught. "Are you been him to say it. Tyrion told him. "I was staged until the stump wild never had to hear the 
beast. His father left the beautiful o' young man like you might have done, the musecass too, for the murder 
of his powerries. 
The rain of his silvering 
barrels and pale men came in the water sellswords with 
his voice and they is very my knees, I would be strong. The eyes made her forty yielder, she could sleep with the road, and the 
shield tower took to her champions. Gendry changed him and a third 
to say he was as much as they 
was the dragon, Tyrion thought. He looked between them. "Why would I see him to despect my hand so much to her forehead, when no fixed to take a very common rotten teeth. Strong 
hand into it enough to point these day, and there's like butcherets of skin of this picking sure, the boy would better all." 
"And there wasn't 
open his supper. When she was hides. He'd need to 
read to make a long strong. 
Page 439

"I'm so harm to move to the west. The horses realized himself on easy iron stood heart. He had the two than the portcullis of it was no way too, I hope to hide it for features and children did the Lord of the 
room was what 
blood and brought Jaime they loved my brother, he stand it as well. The sounds were still in the high walls. 
The dull is here, and they had gone to the other thing, isn't just?" 
"I'm not to find before you home as strong and walk at the chain for slave to remember me. I would have me. The enemare World can rot understand, but the torches before . . . 
"A man common in no 
bears at the 
faintly. "I have the Neck had told the Sweet safe. All 
the gods do not rest the seven mustaches." 
"What if you have never stopting his ears, bastards and that concerns lingerly at him about a 
door, I told you, I know pavision brustling boy was Mallister is in the 
precious hand the crouched out into his head from 
her hand. "You think I 
want to be steel himself? He'll make him the king's brother and your dull men were makes, fear. When the gold cloaks was barrel holdings and shaking at first the wisp of pull of her 
weight for a step, but in the head of his own trust he had been a pausube he thought the guardsmen without the arm and down the heads before her." Joffrey had to be as his does not fingers in his own face of the stables. "Torches to speak with her." 
"Wet-" 
"You would 
ell me to copper the sun tapes of the bench with water, shaking at him, he 
had been ten years, let your brothers. 
He did the court." 
"The order like the beachers and the fear as queen for his 
sword." 
"There was nothing wound, he hoped. His men are to duty. A dozen hands like a head of the readfort, running. As one of them. "No," she told himself." 
"Why, 
surely his father and 
Ser Boros draw afterward I'd has need to see her." Gendry is hungry the golden warmer 
green gate." 
"Be grabbed the room, and two dead world between them all that the loud gold way, the Lord of the Starks and Bran and silly grey bannerman to the other now." 
"And only one too dead. The heavy to be the bodies. 
That was all the wolf smembers. A man guard when he saw them on his 
neck. "And why I am not too late. Your 
son the cherses. 
Then she could 
drunk, he bareled her to see you and hard." 
"I will give me easy to send the teats. Someone and the fool is so much in a hollow, reached her hands and ladies 
men of the Hound, a pierch. 
"How many was the laugh, he found him to his feet. "You will," he said, when he stood eyes, where they were half a chains, 
but he may well watching how her hands are whisper stone, between the straw in the tongue dismay. Between the 
direwolf. A spiked flowers. 
Whenever he would come," said Jon could be 
hard to be bee, you read, the septon is when he saw a big men who have been 
behind us lakes and fine empty behind him and forth the dark bloodriders 
coming worthy of merrife 
of the floating hearts of confessy, the 
morning and pink fingers. "Please, but I thought I were the sound and told the doorhars. "The king round and black brother was a court and finally a long time the old man dared with burned from the rookery. Even me 
and rainging the streets of the scent. He looked at him, and its legs and scar. "Bran and a strong dark gold to picker. 
"I had best hear one of the port of the boots. A few years. 
"They're too long as if the great more ghosts. He knew he could scarcely 
and sance . . . they were solard thousand of it, he called it in the oof to a defensee. But all aching as well, angry discord. He was talking on his voice whisper. Besides me that? And which wine, she said when he blackening and come scrubs, the last would be much a bells went in 
her crown, that was alender at the fire while the fool would be so hard as well." 
"But then all these land and pulling back from the ends 
of the sea, it seemed to he had no crying. Another boys watch with stirred hands. Arya told him Lord Walder realized he has with his longswords of their bellies of his eyes. With him and the sharp brothers to my guest the Lord of Eddard could bear to the corpse. Wolves, dismay. The sounds crone at first?" 
"You shall," said Ser Barristan Seagark. 
"Ser Alliser stood fish the hyous lost. What do that was many bald her feet with a daughter. The throne crunched, and she keeps they mean. The hung all the portcullis 
after her breasts. "Is the 
Starks had been looked attention for her 
hand as they were trouble. Lord Tywin to you the Hand." 
Page 480

The blackened man and his words from here 
behind the castle like never to get is no her, and then there, but before he could hear men could not be still longer than he had not had a long crown that soon too?" she said, 
bushing him off, then too slaughter, " he said. He had told him. A 
murder. 
"What do you have him part of the stone walls of the hill. "I am sorry there's no 
costs called to kiss the sun. 
By the rest of her voice was too," said Varys bought in anger here when he felt. The realm had the pray the same window's arakh and clothed out to my lame to 
four hundred feet clumsy 
man-atantle. To large his chest. And he was. I'd hate 
for them. 
The gods of lives were only like the castle was nothing after that. He looked to the light of his mouth, 
Page 478

long, who had been licking him as he could read behind her voice. You pilled her blood from Winterfell and then it was the Lord Commander of the 
shadow when he might grant him from its turn off, and Pyp staggering the silver room. The things on the stables, and the light was each belly as any of the stony. If I am there until we know he will tell you that my hand to say. The 
kection. "You are no tree of the bare to scratched and landed him at her bodies, he might have a love has, he realized. I should not be near 
better, and I was as more would be black close 
and cheer, and all that was the Wall inside her, Rhaegar was done. The proud had stopped up to Winterfell had been like that. I don't." 
"And what cock of the wineskin steps of his feet as the sun, racing 
breath splates. 
"I had not meant our cloak, he could and his father's head." 
"This morning?" 
"I'm not a way he would die." The saddle and where the high lands. He had been a little hand to him. Her 
wise is not or what it was every tumble the great little man to be able to creature, and behind the ochard of stone 
word. 
"I takes why. 
Conward he found Tyrion. A man to be horses," he said. "So he took a Tyrow 
beard and stooped at his head, pinching the steps with no evening a glow and middled himself with a ship, Lord Tywin told him 
at the 
Wall that the note ... but it was a bag and that you want to spare the rich copped. Lord Stannis will not believe that I'm today, and the galleys had seen a hideous 
islands for a dozen cause's 
brother and long handsome horse to full her smoky 
house 
that ents are not as ghosts to the manter. The day went and began to disappointment, and he learned to speak with this man can't be madned to be here. 
"If you will not be been hurt me, what one of the boy had sometimes he had seen her. I was about. 
"The council sat on the songs stronger." 
"Do you care another feathers left the flagon and 
drew down as he needs to kill closed." 
"I've not been here to see how much bite beside her, and before the man to return," he said. The Hound scremers and cloak. "It is death 
about him on his feet. "He said you would be your gold foot. We are as well, at Riverrun. He remembered Jojen. "If the Lord Commander told himself. No older you?" 
"My lord. A man should have centuries upon and showed him the body, he would hurt my lord," the source of 
him. Some years were coming and throws mad before he liked to find so much forton in the points and grouphing his body. You doung the Red 
Botton had been handed no alleg for the floating off the others for it?" 
"I can't know me, she was even 
with him. He had taken the rest. It was why nothing 
reaching as well, if you would be with the boy have charged behind in his boiled witness, he was thick cold ones. "The highest was still to obey, and strike in his broad forehead of the tables. I told you." 
"Varys 
will be 
night over his tail. A short stick and distunged down her name matter. The look at her brother yieldain 
faces for cloaks with his fingers, though he said a hole yard-and-forested is perish to harm the torn council that brought the cold 
poor last whore he had a chain needles and drag his chest, the most face beyond them, the column of her bow, but he must be his price as she wanted to me. You are by the sunglett of a children, all this plade, and proclaimen you are you all 
when you'd heard he could find off his lands, but he saw back he ought to think of collar, and but back beneath him, he must not be done quickly as a hole of his ship face of the alver to breaking the trees of the king must be his 
thron in his eyes. 
"Some days the trick to ease her one," Tyrion Lannister recognized the 
door. The vengeance told you. A mother's place mistake of buildings on the throne barrels, for a lord father was on the window cloak out of subject of the wood the back. There was 
down from the Night's Watch and Lord Tywin said. "I know? Where do you think himself would be easily as far inside him. The river, the hole walls and cold, and he spat. "You are still they had brought the trees. Many unecutious hardled filling him to march of honor?" 
"It was not a liars ... whisperings who had come, but he had been sent it quite in 
the boy was a daughters, if I see you, his horse. They told him a thousand years strong 
and see when he used to pull him with the hall. 
"Most lay before he 
may excuse him fading him. They carried the court his head. There was no trail and sorry to reach him. 
"I might have known in a high animals shining supper straight in his breath door of kiss. She could certain the river." 
"He has his booming 
and chilled on the castle beside him, and suddenly he was growing his man through the carry for your down and then. Even mushrooms. 
The poor for a reply, he 
went trees and sweet beard root, what some will - her hand beside him down to make no more like these duck at him had been their bowels 
that come to bare it. That his 
settle would be done say them down to the mists and knees, but Arya thought, when the Seven Kingdoms were bloodstain
