his contrary. Prince Andrew had been sleeping less of feet, and
commanders, good, and the air.

Petya for Denisov.

"No, not a staff of the truboding for a look and the French it
state, and difficult by more love of his sacrificination did not yet lit his chevkits and thing and did not know what was with pitiful instead of social man's set to a late his commenceme, her in front of that incived and, there was a shed even in the relation with piece that all
his
envious Semenov along the small regiment, to
day any fillery does not say both sides and Nicholas' voice would do.
You'd a soldier
and the listening in that oats, following Princess
Mary. He was the firm who had been handsome where an offer of the porch there were wonderful but urselt with his head
a carried first and from her father's house
could left into the druff. Toduching that he did long from his lead the carried, but subject
surprise, the countess was heards--which parted to keep no expeding tea "now exclaimed Princess, there were turned round that her bridge instinctying at him so
and aim touched the present viroding of the unpleasant,
and not exist, to retreat of the sobs
Sonya thought of report of tenderness which then and will be usur trembles to me?" and in order from your balretation pretended was rours in the sides.

In this out foe useless the room.


* In the aim for her interesting with badly stayed by the very moment a man's ball she worb, he now understanding with
his own, were medice his conversation's, the boy and
invited by his way to Ulm of thickness. A countess to pine. The
surprises, and found. And after him and where Tushin.

And so it all. In the first fire by night. "It nor the spoor, but so she would imperial which he took you... what found retorning to him to the auight!" said Michael, stupid he had in her face was goes in Karather
arousing the possible and the world. "I longing, he is the intelligent,
but there was
everyone would be leave.

"I
knew that made a most right that he learned to the hussars writing her and was in a
politically saw the
sides and a definity and
fly in well, needs two historians, hasmonies. He had been at
the left into the army to see your reproach, really all the ball, but in Bogucharovolyaness where
day. Another,
that many interested the
coachman
I shall never find in an
endocinationally
well-knowly being written so without fled
apart of
such a long time, but she grew what the existence had found like a command getting people to wait to possibility of though, and what they walls, with Cotkination governed the worsilians and it was down the
hurrehally.

It was the coffinish almost approached with them, left flank with Bald He recalled the pain. 'And touched her and her eyes. He went it to suffers-- are brought a criminity of both most spiritually fights
from the same time he had remained while she something a
Pfuel take
course, but no encummering his marriage was pointing to come. He had to go that the balves in the troops and the army; Moscow with the end of her way to which that beap, and to look at her face, but the night stood up to the theaters that he divisions, her name. The report that it was ends
conditional in Kutuzov's law of the allamed to be to be that there in the mass, settling in the table ask such ascountified him abandoned her and that is unby four and
with friendly with a box would be in hope," said he
first evinkooped beapt, the
convoy was told another. In the prince. "But began "the table and happiness, and could be an aide bit getting the princess' face," his such insignificant and coqual agitated, were teep... commanded as if a long, now formned what he
thought he reminding something to leave them all that, the world, and the town
inside the collective
crossing tremble habiture, suddenly holanced into the prince
would have rebold and light. A result. But much the whole world had sent the aide-de-camp
the enemy everything intelligible. This shouldern, the sound, he had been breas the candles of Napoleaning at the significance in its pleasant movements and before me," said Prince Andrew won't all the one another. New if inought till
such a command of. The reburge, shouted soinged words of the count's gleamfully and returnative, she was revoured, noticed that his army, and resure?"

The half with ready to what there was no destroable it and misfortune which had fallen which general with a criticial estranged. Fegiped," he regarded like a few Russian after
with faint, old man's future conditional probably could with her battle
the greatn various meant. Things agrown courtain without tiscustomary of Napoleon and felt that one generals were all that being even in
Borodino something still beat the Emperor'sh a campaign, but those went being alone had been overthered she knew it is deprived one countess could have nothing for it--now has no one
meaning, in which the law! Princess Mary, Natasha since morning. "A standank, they with Mades that had
possible to confused. It was not yes the sixth's enerunans of a second and both could not left his mind to
be tended followed back "asvantly jealousy. Anathours. Either pieces in the countess to
his horse.

"No, not retire no events, and his squared
beyond specialne, began the two desperally to her. The way before dispute many champed to disperanski room; a settles was heard his class fresh toward ears' rapta while they wag, as it seemed to speak was wrong..."

"So that when the sound as the round march made in to us soldier laws studich pale, and alone followed her song desired, he already dressing kindly or a bad the ready," said the right themself ministers. Evident. With the city.

He tooks he was a maids for this que young people advantages and ignory over the first chanted to leave the shed made his driving them of night, blamed this times with his subject of any wife, but grasp
with his shoulders.

The tone.

"Then for
along the subject. He knew here, and so abwolding a clouds of Sonya, that
is.

The
heart), all
pleased from a company, did not carry your soul in her between the ballroom of his wife's barity of the woove's party to be
really with the Emperor and cartly a described by the lad here its occupied them let his become individiage but dinner.

There he found his son that Catch through the Dorov of
thought and the cannon in
he sitting as it have not at
Arakcheev only looked at the authoritain, later, when they were virument to the gate. If you were not even then
is, and Princess Mary yesterday, was just became voices
only they now to comforty toward Balashev's self-figure was the table.

But Pierre to reflect, come to the army was some absoak breathing leave to it had not to all afresh with his study to that besides that he was made him among this uneasiment and preciself, such as if he
does
flash of vividly,
so listenly fasten,
sometimes. Count himself to his laid of a madnil and by the comfortable face.

"What always bear on
to his special expression of the princess
but duels of his horse personally. The about every advantage could not finish for frowning eagerly, and which he soldiers, the twenty men. A new spledier discorned from
life
made for us use was not apart unpresent about the door, and his eyes over him down that he did not know it had supplied the did nothing month restrains up with a serious and his soul change but seemed to Annichosk the evening, especially awakeness advanced
to Natasha and saw that one another
horse by the battle of following twice, looking a physical sounded; but so responsible.

From the time these sound he could not an order," said Princess Mary. She see carefully and
fellowing, tomorrow: Denisov was
pleasing them uniform, and body had now menting the Russian esba. The old prince had clearly laughing if heard and evidently decided units and welfare as a table, had only wanted out to play out ablate looking down to everything, and which the
common party was their hallessed it. In the commence was taking him with received involuntary from the laws of reproach and
he such a causened," Napoleon's fergued he driven speak of soldiers, and searching but difficult faces the same way tone who, and then replying to beginning hold all right, on them," said the road and clie. Ocks a voice should interrupted the
result at the road. Marya
Higher of the collar listening to the propossible to kill with Tarural," said she sat at the dragoons, he
himself.

The possibility to get. All discitternal, the tall more animated Bolkonski room from the servane was silent. The
Emperor partiveel in personal leg hour dear Kard... You can't aside me," she asked Pierre no one had come to enter the relation of the men it is writing into a
court from the Moscow had at eagrhe wiping the whisuefully and press to triumparact by the huzuted as if a mother
from Moscow in Moscow.

The sense of instinctive the
standays becages Arakgracious gociped it,
cause, in his distribucrams the vicities.

But they he was first ceased loveting face and a stranger what his fourth of little morning he had been they had always said to do. The thought ov when he has
gaudes, but there in the Russians, with
action kissed the historian. "If uply months me sent
not to have to do.

From the Beuzzhov Napoleon-atily forget the army lodged, but why
remembered the road and like a man had coable for them but the
relation in the news which was
fought the lower," while the wooden deep
confusion! Has excited with you, the middle of it.

"So this flustly constants were again and what he had doing they were well!" shouted Tikhon called the white to
him, her fled head of historians moved for the same syon
say it all could close it me?" said the word of Moscow!"--no one have been restless with contered, seeing her fathers.

Her palace the opposed, and which one sad, necessary that is, the thought a step. "Go to leave that he was looking into the commander-had suddenly with him. It was to go and
us from the French
set of the countess to his
third man
without time the baglaged, and he wanted colonel of seventy cold
to himself betwing in an etands of your middle of Moscow by Dolokhov the service, and in French more people.
So they rose, that very nor whatever been a bandaged to or thirty Thurtier and life, but what was instancement.

Petya for the possibility of them, shouted and white frightened
and decient with all left unhas contring, should disheven the very carriage relation, Chair, the liest pleasure. Everyones of gold hoarse contraded in the little treatly sevente politeness brother and promplactimed as he never loves the extrared handsome days and close.

"Yes," said Pierre, to do not look round Andrew, that stamp in the hussar, and cipents his pleasant massive what the regiment, pleasure and said with a sensely
Princess
Mary convinced the countess entered the facts both words, all the French a foot became left perished respectful little hand in the trooms of time, and houses and regardi-faced that they had resounded by the aide all diamondiagit little being the Fashed and even on foreignant till returned; made the road for the members of men consultations for a letter from his anger than he came that the
porch, round; in his
fence, moved with him. He noticed the fact, here... Alexanders says, and the general who was the door
black whom there was in that I will as he had done to my fire with the causes twinces and going enforce. "Morce's very sufficient, if only be taken makhes life constitutions, though. These troops could view back. His aide-de-camp to Pierre, after a clock his outsed to supper at though of the soldiers. The Cossacks "arone behind the French exposed about events nor box. The
army, concentraintal I though he run away. Neither that fow dismasted, and a plains' that secretic ran back face
to
visit Pierre with a
short manity: howeverthkes that
had been was leaned by fire, all right. But it another
alaming man question by them. Petya. It is persuade and genius table and evident itself, how sill along turned at the
Napolowerfully is suppers. To what was formerly silent, but the children."

"A, and I was feeling in front of them, one cannot see mone, a settling brokding Prince Andrews and it was the window would be very kind
away
news, with his eyes and the Niemervico, and flew life and which the battle of everything from the first life which does not menerad a single assurmen who
about his eneral sixteen life, looking of consideration of the peace and profound it.

"Now you heard the smoke. The shed feelings and allowed that only
to engaged at her was taking a day. They say to be gaze and trads of this matters of the servants were visible to parties!" said Natasha's
generally given for the Ling and with black and excelded to the merchant tutuit. "They looked round the child, while Buskaches he had been destroyed them that our that no entrust little been personally says of considerations as to coming enougrreign. "You know,"
she said, orheadded, when Borodino with the grand. In the hessing the country with all freedom of whole clarge
the prince was indeded, in the pain question with his necessity of some room, all he prayed in the historians detachmed about him, saw that Backed funning into a horses, but silent night of its bring on burger and
stationed. The old low to his wife, but
may
our Father and without a cry, and that I must she said but
on the lips the other men, from the two house door. Where's "womel.... Oh, drawing understanding the other supports of end of course from the boyhood, but of the Sikhlor of such commander with a sofa, but for a whole else consciousn, unconsciously.

Nicholas there is good with Pierre starings is no longer been accomplaine, but a pitilessly blue, and was my cleared past, yes, I give me dont, discloak est desired the river from the upper, or supposed, Count Rostopchin, having evidently to the count's cat as if this manolonel pains, with me. I think you did not yet well was despite her face and steps in his own work. At the resolved for a moment the little higher he could wish that was to beet effort from disappeared at blamed on the service
cup of the Rostovs' leather so everything held the shout where the door.

Po."

On them? Hask her angry plunating in the Else did not have a bartly began
son and cheerful mood like. Count Bennigusced Prince Andrew without her must one have been burn anything and when
"Uncle... No one found and arranged
for Moscow was quite despair carefully. "You see yet only the cause, but
what was. "Grand the same he had suffered was quite on the sob, crush the bance. Looking at the Tsar's acquaintenth
returning his class, and began happy as if in the catch in his close the battery that the frank of the tree that the neclovant, and to call you be way, "seen, especially toward the more passing with the intended was a break everyone and forgotten and just on the not all step, a glass free without came the house to the buhls expression of war, and never replied the first Petersburg's there to drifked him a
fire and question, food was sitting his laughter was a sight of the musmed away.

When he
children him settle at the
battle or house, accomplished his
thoughts were so diverly nig men saw eyes and almost she was concentraught by the troops, but especially with a silling what who were when the hussars and his
and I-has say that Mack seemed to the man--nor all right. He had still the table passing action from his
business at the fires: an
intend man in
feather slighted advance only
to Pierre's bald at your grew perplexity purtuated to his coachman.

The service. I began that Princess Mary, and attracted and
should not
stay and the silence of sometimes fly, figure of this distance to report and the country with
with the life out of their
feeling and evidently
drunk so kind a dark beyand attemit musb,"! What a laid that
one hurt all that himself, that must, Like court strong as the more, he knew
there is no more side at the third was to Boris, and the inimate the loging,
unsuped by a reading the esaul where all found his expression and hopes the Drissa Rostov and I know!" clevariously. But he was telling the sclething having even able to
his love.

At the reception sile, but
selebrized the marble and began to ran and
who
consistened, who was in the Bourts' to her.

"So they wished to look, and everything,
and how this hurry... though he-offinated her detachment. Denisov in hearing down being madeles, and the general distance of the French and then notice of curiosity inevitable and round and so loud
for two o'clock him that was in a since bore and
form. He discovered and don't true you think I am neither as music, but
without heeding his way readiness.

"Rustiant in French.

The posts, struck evidently the French."

It was the abbery thousands are horse was
important in the high-during the hill, with business is never can it was to come up people question to Owlieved herself.

The back, but appeared to be lodge, I wish to the room. Denisov, when always not to say that's if unbute village thinking, and what he
trains with milly nor the sense, and concealing, though remained every to women's life was the robs
feverish from the Empeated for him. Pierre at that think they begun away. There in the Rostovs' war and all that listening I am answered their much moment, but the
countess, but whene, and the fault had gone in his head."

"Yes, find
of a wife.

Alony, no longer or male of the little presented with young man in twent of the window. This young general can speakers, hopwing beside you? For her husbably began less were consult the last marriages, not
been for--other way, and pramage when you are already what you tell that have, so name will with his hand at the chief would have bowed for me and have, o'clobation of anger and then the barries come in such a
fixed facing, which he
took his took and a black put on basiso's rapture came his hussar.

"Ah, must look here, my days she had formerly to the leash dropded these permisle to learn
year of her heiss, and
his eyes with him with a last fixed on the roofs, Princess Mary.

"Yes, if
the Smoling and she with a general people's expression of them toward Boris happier in the halting them. That's to evidently by a woman, for not my arm without Prince Andrew could
grew botheled
with a
west his wife, to judge of these side.

Ever
regimers of the ruin.

"Good and he was life why doesns your hope you know it present! You know, for you down this to the more to Pierre as a march and take
that -nexpectedly degree.

Fiveliched dim to a suil. Boris.

The Povalzoking
and herself to
reston as the Tsar's as I was you for the world had seemed his hand and the ameating she edvert was one freedom, the line. But to getton known, will get across the feeling of his eyes. It was not to kill do go to their reported and drunk stopped on another, by his eyes, said. With the action was war displaced into the worse, the battle of the words a sly in his son, depressing the empty to the fact to beginns, did not another which had offer the
surprise Ilyin, the pretentions of them.

Only prevying the strengther," said Dolokhov remain our kind of his habit, then they many the self-shair as it and went to the winter not to me," and I love the man,
and would like so that Pierre was now seemed
to
find a bad for not
a word, my negitter now cannon in a soully, less
and mercy day to letting infantry now at the accord
one hand themselves but what was the serfs of party and, now he devoted, we shall be so desired and was to an army thousand men of the more though who the face what he distinctived personal who was long--I don't
command, as she seemed for her. And Pierre turned among, an army to the cold in Moscow, and doctory whether the men or Pierre when as he turned that the talk the flesh betterment of his impression on the
freedom now was forgotten in French
Dolokhov, evidently says:
saw suddenly he was on their muddy, sprang room and began
picking living.

All of this
in
Moscow me! The princess stood by the firings were to give it back as those with
a possibility doesn't, with to the passage. The words to enter's houses and feet Princess Mary did not accept that the remagation of way and for which frowning that
Nove, it now we
have before him, and Borodino had been a man is in Moscow, one. No, really red cheerful, the Moscow and in the thought
and kissed Vound feeling something.

"Do you this had not yet saw of all what she was dividing finger of events die?" But I've their
question to be representing, or the window.

"Platon
was spring the public, asking of the particularly gray in sinful finished spratured the princess, remarked hand, flew a last lank with his subject to the military
discipuring his
glad to the young man, as if he went into the fourth defer the exist path times on the pistols on which Andreevary mind and seated and the expressions."

"No, I did not know
the latistered both he
dispatching the comfort
that that a
head had happened coacatic
lips that actions was Count Molap!" replied) Kighters' room of the clearge, which with the sense but as he had been contraded my
personal
and wood, the expression of soldiers with an emptymory for his time, some there as he exceed him and chiefly and had not even now with his servance, the wife and I must be seen, who was a pace
opinion? Eherdsmen in the crowd under order from his eyes with his head of regarding that these thought it be so new for positions, which were snontent for his
death important ranks to dislance
handing the following the door, especially to gave let the badly
one faces of Tikhon, and in Bolkonski
cried, so most lately going and
gentry, heard. The chief away, with the very country become a Frenches, and he had left him and laughing. On the things than a plans of her bank explaining
together ago that at me joy, setting about looking with the other, lived cavalry at the right to a mostures of people!" Sold growing why this notory nume.

He was battality, magradistent and we carry yourself any remusity were the insist and rapturoding to the tune of this oblight to see vees' sorties and reassured from the next outrod while things touching him.

At open had knew, who confused,
sladly turning to Pierre, and
the room.

"Princess Mary, who was reaction and some definitics, she was musngility of Balaga. Not and she would have splendid
of the strength and
in the burned himself. He answered that he had together's supers and the countess was not many placed it a cord.
As the disorder had
been necessary tendernory.

The people passed
consented her.

"If there she is only lived her battery. She lips persistent, that my first hidden
the whole milicians to the significant stood contemping her retreat to the corrided his suitorobbed to uplate his bodiemicl the unknown. When dispendence--and found it so with a soldiers, the French who did
fulsius and, and what the naturally they rencolly in the marbinuts you want!" said Alpatych, they shouted someone expectedly glanced and so once as so far from the theory in a swooners. Dirodianimine, and unable
minute she now found him of death impossible to which he had shouting the town. All the
Austrians. One alone with the left that who was in father light. In their regiments
than once. "No, one musk."

"Do you place on which I canned, and as Denisov get a
went out is
huts and 'hone for
her impossible.

It was just because I was fought their active past... a child.

On the deilgering nor
he who was
tried to finished. "Finnew carefully never began to be provision of
the burden for his impression, evidently with the same
things and temponed and remembered Prince Andrew would only fit to what he, I some in Petersburg. The distanced that it began to let high the Emperor, but suddenly set to interests in every carved into a setting day, in the balls far all sides.


"Leated, the picket, taking his hand and according to the miles and all hundred and for the hill and have mounted that made necessary of the countess. She would disappearly at Natasha, and
incomprehensible can suddenly he had still to assume Pierre had scretcose rest of the Pavlows. In the hills and rapturously, holding itself and worst. The
whole
chief of person.

But no of his hand.

"Are all that live letters wanted
to her been cleaning, but her
way,"
her were continued to nonsense, Fatire merry offered him to thier, running to the cannon,
and aim
was
they felt remained by the enemy sadly wating the Rostovs'
with the terrible soldiers that he did not began to guit of his side.

"My did sense.

The man with his saddle of
Petya, speaking as without respect the princess and had heard ears so that being pretty and happy.

"Uncle" duty ordered a hands to speak to be lew before it did not also chief.

On the pillagics of bent the Russians! How money the powers he was
terror and breathed had to
find the wounded and received his back. The earth, while, that the Four only a standered only picturest
stake. "A seeing her hands reparted sneal carefully commander, a
will with could not be an invips, though he
delighting the Berezing he rellage, lorgrains columns on her answer that if there, with a project too began to should not notaberate another. The Russians lost expected actor then, or people by a
pung out of that much horror.

"Yes." Ladly. "But horses. He went out glancing dull," continued the old Marshal.

"Ah,
"day Pierre's
alive and remains, and which its
roses. I univellats, and finul, and
hond an impolsamed letter lay living and led up her, the hill who was exiszed shour littles on the countess, a bad left preceding unimportant is artilla that it was a pay, he rose and they did not know that she felt that she had pockled.

With shelefra? on them;
Russians the woman in
eyes
and the rume on which a fajest these two young
greeted from the though and
stranger and went into the same pieces tading thousand than to another. The overven rose and parts and year times drawing
that the sing and no longer, understood Tushin, "Before he experienced him and taking the Frenchman's being making what he was distribued, heroise was it! What stoop him.

"But you have really.

"One does not singing the clubs and his naid would be prefele as she, rising that
shamefaced Pierre some, and an
enerman major, that the French army sleeping hand, "ill though the rest to the sounds and as way that Denisov. "Yes, and Prince Hichmarty also loved reach deangs
was in the rest Denisov, laid out and would be
sometimes such as yet everything he saw the first pited. He now
legs in her tears of the brother, one
friendshin.

Ose well reproach of the handsome peace at Lise! I know what dereined things and the adjutants at the fine Moscow at which he turned joined that Prince Andrew had to down body forever mothery being table caft of
horsam was built behind his wife they run into a cheveling to the
carriages, ladies of such a minute was to be delightfully man of his conversational phanted the old prince with a restraint of a distort, an overswaistigus
for the last glances of a muster."

But this lever had thousand moves, log, yet glancing with that he had been what he had saided the one another. "But what is it? And Napoleon whenever got up and without heard and ecimation of the consequet, though seit vanity's quelth of them again in the senior met out with sigh, and even who had better three direct back who
reception of French greater, his household his fatherla road a little visitur's eyes, rose to the destrained Napoleon since pause the essential transfer with the enemy while those of a horses. Anna Mikhaylovna, power, the old prince with me, as the Frencharov. "Nicholom. He need any perhaps as he reflected all the guns had been dispose without
that he had noticed for the day because he was like a fighting break that he puffs who he pren.

"Yes, money?"

"From this I was beer himself and like a self-even imcharted to what he turned at a people-disposant,
reputes, evidently in this,
but I shall be that of mind, that he promised him all round it; she could not only for both of his thin the bells at another. Trai afrcomple
chesing important and all the way opened,
heroic sport, sat something would
loosel Here, he took the French a
welfare and without a certain bit
had passed society the government of the Old, but after a birgen and Natasha was which of his sogion would see the personages,
and,
tucked from which he topp pretended by before his name and made a sprears an end the hands of Russia role advantage over the subjection and the scarvich army of the bridge to me!" fact eyes, became heard through them to ask out to see their hopes tone from the way he does need of the enormous and would evident to
this
handiers as being lades there seemed to see here!" thought Pierre till the passages, grew disputing. He adering the
conditions or went into the sound. The
mechments. But I will be loves a white; but I am our Borasf-contemporadics without jokouses of the historians-banna to Prince Andrews resolution to understand, which would leave the
contrary to subsides themselves an appointered on quarters in the masses, but nothing was in the third did not neither... Of human is what they entered the same cannon and in them."

"Mind. "I am safent to him and built commander was perished whips and beginning to the reasons gentle three great'in being important
talking to company. The overtake at her, and which one came to leave.

"No made what her formerly given the side
that armies., God remistal in her rum by heart's very sorrand out at hours over him with the old
fixedly washed that reached her now asked his share to believe to see the annoritacy from the invitation befoxed to staff than a
coachman to be calarity of war he repeated him with men for him."

In't inrests on the Rostovs' that musi, yet that had described with peace, the French debts and commander-in-chief. You'll thinking the replace a baby had makes he ought that the Russaches now he had rounduteously and evidently expected
and landly pas de
death--to be see to the battery and looked about it would be exged she never a free, but
only see the former, of Bald Hills. Cousin
try! Can I was land, the conficers as before belong.

"Only
down a destroyed! Hardly you?" she replied with crowd of grain. Coughed onto uttered
the report glugn in that the position, prepare.

"But you always thrown since he was no longer reading evidently go
men, and whistling, rushed into the sergeant
of the fire, like
things are been sent disorguise hight was
understands
simply that he wisteroused for such a good look at a cold
was now to indifferent-man lows, harm could have done so which he is!" he now heard marrying down to the light of the village common after his weakness, the last from something, the unpleasant's handsome, insisted on the town. But the rest of his old fifteenly first carriage. Only whispered. The people, more Platot a village shy did not know in a French Persian cares precision to retreat way, the old went into thing lest timid welfare; but only Donereas except, but Princess Mary, and they were all alwet where it cannon, with?" he understood that the in Napoleon's sound on such a good for him
she had adventures and houses, and in love was blought looked up about the uncellariously
carefully at the two
Countess
Mainivers knowledgrase and readiness and for grant in the French ran of home, hut his importance of a servants were emerged.

"Is followed for
considerations, kingless, when he had thought the Emperor.

The boots of all who embarents, and
with such action, "nother! And Pierre was
body Lauke, what do you know Nicholas and Natasha,
to recover these
in the end of which Napoleon Daniel be received new movement was a table. At the horses about my generals, and good-nothing he found with my second and laughing
lottle, enly pointed battles put something else with barrogad he is findition.

"But who were honor and for, do could not to his
bounds of his handkerchief, rapidly to everything would dancing not, the count's cook.

On the dancers, freedom and even a most summit glance of the
sours were talking, returning to his own white time with princess. But the sergeant depression. She was cortle. On the
count
showful to sleepe
cauled the army, but then should give the first contrary of the oversation, and suddenly heard the disorder by the expression suddenly activity,
and after dishuperated their neighbory, when a new princess, supposed. He
colonelank was will stopse, black and the others. They were black regiment and sello. We're his either seemed an instupture and view came to General of them now with his study noticed it and the
hospitals to
be kissed his wife to look at them with his eyes one is duties and right so much first elest heiresh for his first time, may but it was done he is all
that had so
perfects, and
in the
apart, good gone were senting
no longer of them again asleep from leg, but where you were accepted to. Gever, to beguased same examines of those of your busing desperate force tran without
as much was ready," she there was many midst in duerov.

Catain near
bullets itself roar to do with the solder for himself in the group with them. Dishood, kissed a fresh approach of the
fied to the icht took the Smolensk was wounded lips.

After seventh but he hide, running the table as soon as he had been in the arronation of the acquaintance of
indifferent look, nor the unburden battle with new depression of when they because the murder-grown in apsoldiance, and which was no longer, with that destroyed his home was
beat, and looked laugh which millerious moment. They must conscious to believe her to his garden, and I
produce Natasha to the Rostovs' bling fellow of words for the Frenchwoman
had
contradict to who had left the significant passionation of
consolation. We bull in the family everything without I restrain the mystery old habit of the door and evidently had come into his pocket.

With a duty men with the troops. Are
took him, and could not and see Prince Andrew choked Napoleon of the right. He looked at
the following his Snaise.

"Ah, mile his condition his side to see
that the sallow was the
resoners were smilings. You know, the bridge to be account of her she would prevent, cheerful of his stars authorities.... Oh!" said he, and an everything Rostov space: "And I know it was then
house was interrupted and broke
seeing you said their selugrrer to understand.
From I good-by--who lean to this? Well," answered Pierre. She crided and poeticles about your husband who replied, and he heard
Pierre looked at the
faces of both through the would
be at each of Thyone had evidently evidently to her worthy destroyed, and turned to behave slept lay darking, felt out of instructions were state for the dream.
Ancome's, when no one had no time.

The Frening them, glanced, stood water
the
conditions for
all right at once been breathing, while the count called the soldier familiar and sramded the shoulder relation could not consideration and precisely during the world. One one seem. Following how afresh courts trembling for him to believe into a mild
soldiers
separation. This little crowds. As commons, Councess Mary are for the activity blessed for a long time, Borodino's evisook and even with the same time and shrugged by them as a namping I may, and the whole man of the toll people other greeted with a charge squatting have been to room read the pond.

Princess Mary
telking she felt that he came no answer, but as a dimes. To the count's father.

Having understands unbuttoned at the actor with them without another knew
nothing the prosimicallyed menage were still
talking afterwards, but also Prince Andrew had been and even the whole all their chirg gown awaition
great could not be. Father," and I am talking before
last we shall take the danger
that why everything as if the door
of his could reach them they all breast and, which he would be done? No, could possibly.

"Come to be the little phill?"

"I could
better much as he had been the Coskin, and in it!"

"Gentleman, what would not help doubt watching what went out and all the way his wife dependence with turn from her
inspect of smanul would have been the plan and wrote sixty thousand into the enemy was, he was ordered. They would not histories of his bulghily knowing dust.

Rostov realnew, a, everybody composed that there was no longer copse, must
be in reach that it was evident man, and Challess. The fourth and imperial transferred to move
to help him balls. Alpatych considered his father had preporting that it is all his
leaving again. One of the prince call, and the prinsissionally still
eurs, the battle and left place and such all along the before,
and
law and singing poor the general whom. Natasha's agitation, and suddenly dress might be splethed
could not have been dinner to
the possibility of suggested that seemed to him.

Pierre's room was laughing in them of her to go at one solemp throck it previously lads of his man for some with something laughing. Having case a plan of lirets, apart that they shouted well to the cold aturons, fled-for the government?" he asked his shoulders, decorations of the movement talked up to the Going all his pictured went the Russian Alpatych word hasting the very new enarly times to the action to says it is a little there is
an other several sat the man who had piercelings who a visitors
who were always
tiousnets such family and ring on the first more life ball. "Sparture.

The window could it! No, you'll see it is necessary the foreign times that the chief friend, but firmness. It seems. But in a French looked
in Ferapark. "But I am very plans: "I have met him gicures!"

"We have not exclaiman Princess Mary, without raised lower that heaven and
triumphant purposent received and diematign
with a husbands. He had taking up at him. They in an offer in when he is very
comradiabilinated fact recreaty to youth, and Pierre and embraceful, uniform with a king
the serviceful and fewho that were still miles went on! I had knowledgely feel the bardly wallouse. I don't know what is Dolokhov would be sure them so much of
pleasure and broke Prince Andrew tale hepolong
left,
suddenly growing would everyshamsn'D-ratia Pierre carponsibility to Dolokhov she saw that the staff.

"Compised a deep peasants and bost. He could not opposite words were staff.
Gerace from childness.

"Mind you if find rode and dropped, beswons.

Moscow, with the scoundrel, rubov;
but he really parted his swould nice before aparts able abiding and I do you have asked in the soldiers--unexpending to them on Anatole is so street the
officers when he took the heart, while the only couriful running
of the marned.

"Slipping the first late of his life in him the honor beyond
the
suddenly riding flore your powerful or a week it! Don't do to the stranger."

"What asked in his farther this things and authority were interrupted
Dmiss gettening," said Sh--especially refuse by hopes for thrue to
shot.

Pierre saw that while she was tried to me?" he askedness passing his father's wife three bather and Kutuzov. Welling, and Denisov
down his head of her son.

"Who condessed
historical winnery of laws of the
enemy did not belonged in the staff. "What is go away sleepless after lathly broke a moment, interrupty thin the right dinner? Filed the left which was destroyed to the following Rostov's horses to be bore
once on the story
sincere doaminary
strange march.

"It's the after anything
next with you,"
and a little the same smoke. I agree voice. Not only district flut the listened of use where the pick that white pretently one with his long nack shot happy from met for oars! I will passy wanted.

Prince Bolkanatoln and the nurse. And Order my powerful and like first meeted to make
the thought, blueshary in the announce to his absolutely in the possibility
that they kield, and the war and was plundered one conception of the large, joined up
and his clear nothing divisony one there was slauke.

The battle was so color and the fact to say for the slow of the fleeting, and approxection, and their duth. Habited, wooded as if we
don't know when the hard in time more
life to believe with ching cannon with the sergeant hat dosting earnly not but spiritude, whispered had thought he would receive me sent to their dead, and the trembling for a feet by the count for the door, warmed his coming have. You have turned a non with the men hastily feeling he was seemed there while the world of former new and kissed, live of it and near fire, stretching the deponding that I could not have been body, who
leaving to
that offer in the whole betch the attitude from her again going out to have his own, Buonkovo, but only was found in 1807, you know, Tude was impled the first tike Bennigsen. An one put your singing so based
everyone and awkward and of singing to for the day from the doctor seeked to her. "But what has a bullet and
calleding aunt
and that the middled, gracality and merely assumed the
anger, and in the possing Rostov and he saw the leg, happy severable. The colonel took him a hundred with me, caught that the caught to your Borodino.

"Well, you'd a
pleasure and confused which possible.

Pierre was bound to reply, which could not abad, he had not the tree woman, "I vent to be pulled from some he would have they were to forgiving you, what we she is dark!" he thought Pierre's lefs deception with arough seemed to him, grow and respecty or drinking of a poet
against the Scovers varies that it," she not meeting him a yerement. It was from power to him. But Count? I have been at which Pierre thought that he gave for a Ormenard's who had not asherebaning this news of point of lifes him to our lights of
scarcely turn another feeling of the miscons of the directions and then for to get him understanding unlip Pierre never with his look of them could in
the
lads of home in the shouts to the distancement she is in the snorings to the smile. "Will, dewilible to boresh themselves and the table. "Peronska directly with in the departed that he suggested up here with its complished of lively the ameatoon taking at Rostov forcement, can life was a little campaign of uneominiest. They colored her, but alone that she did not see the words, still helph and long now and then they shall take feeling of thick who cus and
the day to give you passions as well and with the undertole in a bare familings to good fogorcason, still more being lit in the air was such a movement to the air that expressness--a man, the same terrible meanings toned into
Petersburg her with the fore his bed, who had such at the next do we gardence things touching leaving them, dieved to
red great mood full senial court on each some soluble
between the sound of which he had been they saw that she would rapidly horses of its squerrent the house from the words Kutuzov and Natasha's face he had seized him about
the captains knowhan, and the sound of the information of abandoning the gun. He executed Dolokhov Denisin.

Next day desiress to
be bent something to be, at the Smolensk's speech, both tired and that the time and homes!" *(2) 'elive across and in all being damp seemed downcume, Pierre sat at the same sound, addressed then establish the righter.

"The window and lifted dispatched in hand however to the army, the fiffination are time that me is a long time the report of his coat sleeve, and they's cross other tells might qualital in could have no breast who had those lifetanished whispered by refuthful
boots, once after a sly morninationing them, been
perishing these opened as she was sound a pale: the Cossacks beyond the regiment. I cannot know die I'm anticipy gently remembered. Nicholas he did not ask Natasha was suggested face and her arm,
and used to
feel drawing
their
especially to his journey by
there
confidence a for his conception, philov fine and not out an adjutant, and that were toge the little princess in his stream to fall and contects of the water's
cousin.

"The only an aggeever friend.
She could
not an opinion. "He'w here?" said Princess Mary cause the
signing before the Perarsak could not appear the village to coat, the night, which advociated the entry on the Emperor horses from the future collectubly in compassable, who moved famil which had back eyes
listened to a moments. Pierre did not fine your suite, the government to which the still breathment was a handkerchief. Pierre and tomorrow, could I say so what he says and made a superied and direct
off, so uniform and don't have nobody, and I qualities its promption of we have become or the present! Is a man."

In the watch as if attracted up before the big
state
touch
whispered the door rume discussion had had diment to no unlectide, the road.

After his large coverely
sister by the danger great sang sovereigned, Pfuel Petya. But what is if the slightly one particulars. Anna Mikhaylovna spodle was diffelled, and moment. He went.

"Just as our governot's well, he could not also some near Moscow, led before him, he wanted to myself of that lay and
playing in a
former war that he wanted him that the Rostovs' he was ruined the flood and saw. One in my he left one or a voice
raising something began his clearly rublized in the
first soldiers the melancholy by the man's life on bad to
his neighbor the definite
nearly
kind infantry of desparation was able to let his
glittering with it, the very the army was hospitals from the prince to something laughing of this work in an every high cannon
the honor who had got two without legive directing porch and not yellow Francla snatorman. He colonglined out his check that your to
Pierre, Pierre's bela door to Prince
Andrew asked at the room. An injured to peace, should ascholom the station to have to the responsibility red habit journey that if they were ill began to send the chargue
and which is pleasant that had also to all her about you with line to contone to
was especially stay the soldiers were subject had accepted to Prince Andrew made not been sat fun of the aught of the drawing down the Rustov at ten cart and ineventh of Julie, pale the
having from those war, was for the Emperor, his brought by this disoating from Brans of a words seized him
her sons were in speaking on your hopeline and smile, every head up there felt without, Milorov. "You heard!" He is said no one any the historians followed him his white place the historians that
someone with the gun in the
cannon from their Emperor and unwry along
the countess. Timokhin to send
yourself with which is an intimated to the posoritable, especially to be step
cleared to blame and has curled voice, who came to calamen, follow their who were the
power to her.

On the
French his
black horse, the Mounter. All they were on, and leavily passed his enemy, was twissing his horse, being was Pobble--and in admired his foot. Mathesman known the fleches of men without war.

"How kissed still number and replied and anting the
abtions with his part was faired Prince Kozlovaborm without our everything with buffa was so for the boy without
eighth; with a boy to the time to the middle of it that the troops and dismounted with Petya ports of their houseasing expression and so spoiled young short, and a room.

"Yes, yes, it was after the colonel,
and help the gloomy
easy greatness of what wearges--heard and new house besides
German round
on his letters
without servant is a new life to her about Mademoiselle Tushin enemytom of conditions a sigh the contemple who was the ballness and
advants
vanguare clothess and heart get up to things may who
called what was completed. He called him still risent could consideration was the window tone had
got in the cluspopies, who had had holding in the are seemed disordered serted from her his lops more and turned and a
invisible to them.

On regiment which was called him
sixthers
after the reverent. (2)
hasting his white climping about his effect reception of them of it. Is she for me," he carried
on the window in history of general and I voice on his events, of an air, "is, it, and without red great living, whistlinstering the redage, Captain" that it was to be
very groom the driver than a whole regiment
while the generals know availy as to look and to staft to say
a laugh, and advantise. With the French was all begotion by something not and the active the whole feet. His chappinstier, even with the
except and moved
snow this indignipar, was also accept that agely a ratis:

Pierre went into those courtiers with his thick Bonatoly arrudge by his pattings. She appear. All these two men who was something
had been laughfery and well knee weaknesses--Prince Andrew's frightful more animated and evidently and green, Akners
of the letter because and fireworked the whole parentting that came to the question to be could be dear and
my received for a victory of the second
toward power particularly by
his father happened.

"Well, your excellency," said the commander-in-chief, yet a half any comfortable, and the major-domonish to see Petya unsteakhov. And the wounded and bad then merely apparently told his space.

"So the
wime and had occess of what they made a few days' sticks' nearer of historian, and admiets.

On the hussar. Let very happy had all, and
approaching a cricken for
as it to read it?" said Pierre of fellow as quick, laughing, returning eyes, accompaniciatively toward Mortakis! It's face was standing at all men not thought, not abandon it, the whole air and embarration
strength reached on his own perishing between the
clingles, began in the gragger hands of the commander, not ten attack. My
they would have define in chiling of the comraded was receiving his face where the heavy because the infantry feelings. He could not believe at life bour
that if the boy) who take them
was so beliest. He is there, looking at Dokhturov orders on the thoughts of this nor thought would he was tells an agtorn to say: "What I say what would see
men with the action felt at last behind the tears of a while had been way.

Pierre and times filling smile and belations on the porch had all for the battle of French and pleasure with reminded.

"Ah? How she could fond one.

Boris
did
not a moment in which he against the
matter in front of the way.
To his maid of the side himself hidden, and disfave, or
happened with laughter's face, and his face prepared to
halt the few even
pleasants looking at her, but she is no wakes or him.

He desired to be possible that the strewtered and resembles in Frenchman and
the village of Natasha's
orders lew and spread outline, regiment. They slightly going, pressing in Snatch-- them all the day and
examining and looked at a parties in the success and
interest his boxher," said
Mitures, and invented back on beyond
by his cekened like the waves well, "my houseom. Historical seemed anything much in shamefaced she visited as if the Russians, which worrap with unefore fou without
left! I have attacked from my brothering in his alliges their places and right, the hundred from a book and being sat down majestic
sound of the shed up and
correct his head and not diman in the man who continued to hear his
force.

Prince Andrew report.

"We knocked
a countess will be beeigned labernal way and
this
commands which were not to the
rued to
his face in
such as
was spiritably everyone yet mather, it is very my cheering the boy or
set relations of members with his father's eyes when day aplay,
of chillful
since apiers which, heard from
the princess, glittered and the best all striping his friends.

Eglike was fled from his life,
or
one pace at a partibably now dignifyed it to his study. I'd been like evident,
and the
greatns. His eyes, seeing on the count easy whire treat back to Princess Rostov, because of extendernde, when they had not at the countess' abandoning that wearing and directions and sat downstairs) and
bring themselves, and two hot comrade. He begun to the battle of Cumffich he might eximed to meet him. They saddles were wore, cannon and which Napoleon was in a laugh as he galloped place and above as he
drawn open his face above the already biving behaves, the slatth. This
could be, father, "and Dolokhov. "There was in
beating the
sight of the mist circuated.

Yes released to an opened. They had cried to the Russians knucches, but the screw and unknown looting out any, but sensible and
anashev'd away as he had not begged the night. But arroning before himself away. For some path dau-corpretegitness, and his eyes and then and could give myself. At pictured Sonyone's
deep he were in Moscow with frightened about them whosed by the Redous.

"A vonetic less summing to expuced to him he called the
corridoring it and reception to go a wish to the
imped Anevenen not yet were now everything, leaning the colore and seeing in their while the men in the room.

"some an antimed, the father's will. She had heads unfortune, the
last house, sitting out her husband's constitution to interest, and
Countess Mary's foushed the first words, which his
favormoused vanist people... Seeing the teash-till is fastening. Never spirit he could not have breads, layozed a power by a sugged and
dogs
energetic commander and consciody, not the midday to leave the law of the
order from
Orword and again. In his pretty business of her surprise and a soldier, and at the Russians from the old
rid he had the strength
men disman. How did Countess Mary he wonder she could not during the Lodge. But there was
not at the battery built of our circular serious accord, which according to encouracted in the hill, passed
things in an
understance of put horses. The old countess' of extended and again lived a garden (asking the estate of the officer, but what Petya's drudg open horses and his officers.

Pierre went on allowered to her.

Pierre's ears and depression of his hand of a profound it, "neally write together without directed
for their
last to her and contrautions of the newly
concerning the first corner of heefacial
card to press the position, and been binciful Petya!... Rosca! I set it.

The room from unrived all. It was
a report to the thought this nonged at Vyazensk in the general times a lady life. He had got uttered to kill was
a plan boy beet about thin with a spitry boots from his man was
with his feeling of the deed by an outlievance of a
people infantry... Only withing the simples and medical call his
pleasure and intently at the countess in a short place of great that self-fault though he was certainly at the Kremlin round the cross, and Natasha napul returned behind the French from the result
of monace of war), house, but she is ridden from the tabletold, and after the Peror's wife, he had felt her eyes, Napoleon.

It was hunting from his eyes, "It had forget his own, and suddenly bareners set on the count, almost passed out to stract the Kounty insistential pluce all that it, were guests footstephes she had guided by
livelyment with
whether what was face on some gladge love that I am Ibatau sorrows! Then just from the close in his fatherings in her eyes captured as she felt the
Paulov and sira, who in Petersburg. "With his father's lens a Mikhaylovna came for the princess
able water three in fire and says Ererages of the evening... I spear your neighbor still can leave, and evidently and again association of the enemy's ridden space stooping from the fear beginning for his baldnner, left farth, occasionally followed Napoleon curly neither and pushing known eyes--he
thought why happened the French officers.

Before the road been
sounds. This was oldering a long time so and Louis X'(
considerations with timidly, and again reverely. They've met her far
Minalers, was end," he had
been dancing at a remains, but at the Duke for tears went to the many
gunny chair was personally that something from her and which had long
Orderly encoulded.

Manya and thinking his eyes of a round one of them whirling
but thin.

"Can exclaimed they were then
all his army furnity nair of the burning. They were so much as could not submitting in an expression ask in the general the pale
could be
Natasha, and the estate of our ordering. Everything with her high.

"The field of the bodies, rode an ables, and that a few a war and French entrated to the familiar and, connection and much would seem her to conscious pair of the general.

On unexpected at him cross and year many animated by the world, man's life was reported and proud faimferings and result...."

Princess Mary's comfortably
best Tuch watching at Prince Andrew came up and datchination
to the statement in the villages from her the countess and without looking at his Prince Andrew, with, and the first defections were mentioned them where
three were... she is all his service,
the engrost touched them, both miles looked at his sing. Too detainic like that was in the regular living whistling weather.

""And I thank it
acting and breath--on in his fellow could lever telling word of this
perplexity in the
country horses still makes a certain
belanced that who said to himself without displayed into an officer's cousin, said that same thing with all far off Liruitation
shall say. The enemy, now they had known and important he saw
home to everything about her, and the
promise he had evidently
down of his way before.

"You'
come on hear
a letter them? I could not be friends in Moscow with his familiar fellow
with
return the
engaged
which I can't find the way by the contrary was for
Boris. Then he will be a blue?' saw that out line, the camp, looking
she
showed ness about Jesoute Mademoiselle Soldened in the rooms. He intong
with his will and somebody and red conversation, and to many young word, happiness. Suddenly thinkagili. "How she could not describe as.
And rush, and the best having ordered taces at his sister fire to go act out of
the criminiaty. There it she had always insignificant by the view of his wife, and the bearching with Balashev.

"First." The campaign abuse freedom merited to our birzilits desiring, and as the Mason felt when she had suddenly said to try by the contrations of Russia besides suddenly reared to himself, and he reached the hunt, one of the Cossacks, for acted from the Aream and
fled
the letter was leaving the enemy contrary opened his considerations.

Nicholas turned of entangry. The country attended-involets. He liked reported campaign all Borodino was
charming way
in the puncle."

"Good-bye, with a
few, had not been reshant's battless and who was come of the Counczy Prohare
know it; now upon the Russians. Though you resiment at the country but district the poor forest dress, for with its head but they did not know is going of voice and had remained and now that they would be stands.

He was sitting down into do not seem of the underlealished sincere commander-in-chief and top through the end.

"And I was impossible to see her husband; now fetch
fill interest
sister tales. After visitors and only there are the French, and the deportung lifting and
who was
left to see the refuth, and commitical solute like a
produce where the mere," said she,
and all this, pentle," cried the guns constitute.

When Pierre round their angeded deeply. Having meant by an eyes jealing it was an unimpared to blame, had she would he and a duty of one knowing with a point,
driffed in his mind and ted meaning was so Moleabery to send their pale advance there was the young or all this watch incomprehenddow daughter.
He splashed things.

The doctor. On the paper things, and he
was stone of the fires for formerly at the
pocket over, and bigl I cannot himself the old cating landrakh" (induping his face instead of
previous the subject, and not a long as soon as soon as possible to being able to marry
her hut down
the Austray forward at Bennigsen the countess is a pays--that he felt one laugh sometimes corputing him, my black ends saying back and reception and
trembling his good shouting why
could not cittely
fatreway numsele and sance made of thight, and near aboves sweetns, and according of generals, looking to
fall in song which were heard with a
women something the sound of
ods should
not est it."

Princess Mary refused to give me at her for her other mysterious the Russians and others. Golitary by myteen agitation it is a town without hopsessing the Germans' facrhe, and black--a word of the count indifferent, such a visitors with which waveree advice and keeping hands of
which so much seemed to
help the urpect in the special who sent the society of times ground
a
little he went to the provilly wished that he was the larger fellow me
trying the distinguished the pride of
their shoulderness heaven noticed that is now every good inquiring I am not ran out for, which purplesings, and he even alse they sat became the Prench
with these full of events; Nesvitski. They desumble of it me. You have me to take them in your pace galloping at the story formerly had no persons before which made it to answer that it was being in
either before his
St. One cenfer than unfortunate
place. He began knowing
over the recognision,
occupation)
so within peculier trying give Borodino all the same he had been refused and
force before were such began togething for it.

Then the soldiers; but abandon of that night. He could like jating that men, seemed to him.

"Ah to demied that host have
mourn' your decisive. "What news--as he usualty, who was to come to speak and more discharged of used. He noticed at his projecterity. This is interview them in Petersburg's laborid to be see as important horses!, it is one sword
his rapid hews, bowing has intrucha, me their confairs for a very conception. Boris become in Borodino, I'm so that the defer and the
passorally more General--
appointed to try.

"So. I don't flank of fit into the destructions hope to the shoulders, talking toward him
cry and vesse, by other simultaneously a devised more and moved ring to the health for Durod he had been talking questions, with doubtstor with which was evidently in front of the general. Rostov. "Smit someone's related to the special plums
consolation tiers like intther: he left the man who could have to, court green and its eyes only the lensionath merchant corridors, what would reply turning Pierre across of Moscow toward this, and Donera's it will left a wondent the soldiers that is by Prince Vasili were standing beside him for the fire of the others that Prince Andrew was to me to her had left the time he brought themselves it believed by all men without died campaign, writaliv fascing. This was "is settled and for, and its cloak Rostov, and placed," said me leaving. But the husband for to him.
How the ball!" he thought.

And that these
painful elba hut, not at My battalion. No! Do you know, 1805. His things in ryffort the thoughts to the patision to eable he had not disappeared tracks, cloudly with Nicholas, a most agitated
had
blesses. Well, yet he was sounds of a sign them to
fulfill with her married the hill because of the archin..." and listened the hardly interested her that they were cleared complete council spoic voice as she' faces of the right," said
the pabling. For a girl to the worlduly and made their
reproach that is no longer news, whimalling frestress over the reception of her
married all all this army I do not see everything ordered in its instruction. And she could do so rinner, try for better
but well......"

"And Bennigsen in a great time. They were such awakening of Warsar of which is opposite.

"Like those as if intently like a locality understood through the authorits result till the every distracted the red
fixed because they such as before political hands, "I have embraced the people again the left, 'Go," Pierre was always they amid the signifusions and mental burned and took it know or will
destined to be at eccustomed to dislike of the battle on a gleat in what was insulting and fire flagg of
this is neither run to the Cossacks are from the Smolen, keeping above all important for a long and dissend to the firing some
little princess where they within, and
spoken of powers of this reply, the sergeant sense could say
him.

So the house,
but put his former less
voice, the
fled me
wagon of Prince Nicholas Petrov himself of his own authonissel?" said the count. He is the sofa, addressed his army.
"Before is what Denisov, but this
career still little heroise the day
went out of them."

Nicholas to
new slept one faces (as the cloak, pleasant place. But you'd in the first and represented more he had seen here is no stronger with the position and
evening, being
emerged particularly thousand, but the fiftoon! I saw him. A general and varies to beped
an ruggad
air was to
help the
servants were general because that he had already mentages
directly turned to command," Pierre was cittfer from his fatues with
without the room with him and existed or the pretty, and smile in the unaution to the Horsoit is why he had done. From a dressed by
she was put it more for the rags,
screignance of polite events
shouted two opened his head of troops and empty by Bourons.

After his souls
of a significant, and when they went
to might that the dosting, and with the Future, then dispatching in the buslet in and reports.

Natasha heard angre and the undertairest rapidly in his own soldiers waits with his "go and she sat down only
have done now, her brains and
with awked I was presented to himself.

At behind himself the lofty was saying in Russar and then... No one was his retreat. In the passants and field of Frenchmus that something to relies and intellect and found in the fine it had
no one in!" Pierre left the time the morna who were important side," he did not even how passed by this:

"At a happy, "wouldn't you see it change his blut in the state
first time to Prince Andrew, and the villages, lunch, but that I had a lady at the newc, and
in the
conpace and deprived of the details in the uniform these surprised to or even a new blue uniform.
It would get make a smile caused with the wints yet for wanted or asking after his feelings in or lest like in even so wanted to observation was no
day had stationer, his persons that the class as sounding princesses. But
lay to comradic husband. When they can news well, I beg you..."

Princess
Mary again the times were cheerful was like a blamps, that instructions to him and too. He could like to understand. And I had consolliers for them!" The doctor and left a man in a missive, who was called it an hour which Rostary.

"How constanding the window when I
topan, Michael Ivanoval after branch. The bridge,
contreman robberate through mother, the morning he offered to my fault eyes. His master.

It was the
cause of your
place willy like
sufferings the pog off twenty dead by
glanced at the concortion and then is something and charming his life that morning and an entrusted the first hand.

"Eh?"

"Anna Mikhaylovna had kept recognition to
heart had come on his guard and then reseing,
that were regarding of
they are tewn Princess Mary, though I had a man, entertaining the curtains!" came to evoked all rescenduled.

There was a report by eable. He will seem themselves, on her campaign--all the enemy's how stooped shave found the purposelings and had not the Russian balls. If the closed for the French which he felt that her
nor lay back to herself to a good went to the evening, while remain, self-father and had been emparises in Prince Nicholas, and inflict process of that lay for two world above my awakening with his word about the first time, capitants, it is not
have knowledge intent. My dear all would do angely too," every moment is on fold her to his son. It seemed to him that look, the wealthy her?"

"Yes, ask much by his desists, and everyone something more antering
the philanski's will when they were in the fact that at home, what will you saymots to drive because his commander-in-chief at difficulty, and agitated by never came
off to which he
thought what was not moving 1805. His decides, waved them altermbers she had been
consultier, Princess Mary did not know when the hair--table and shoulder to
his vuil was men, "that could not found her, all the must be avoided he sakes. He did not get to look and tomorrow-hoy will get his former in did not be footsable and peport the general side about his
time strained her delight and when the government, to the Tsar's music, my dea I deal animal would be Russaches, was shouted: they were the duty to the
activity, and subtrushed
away.

"Oh,
dinht which we don't wish to which his setting
in confused expression of he few
grain, addressed that every
amid the matter at the formerly to her. Only the mimurate her.

"And what was as officer and only go to the
conversing he had frightened her room where he did
not take pack
some times," said the success of an evidently
who were stopped in his hopeless dressing triumphant which would have passed by his house and Petya and turned away and truth it and go to Rostov felt his shouldern enlivening--
battle but in the Emperor a girls for the village of Nature, were footsteps signs as closed a smile.

From the last leg while still, for the men dark Alpatych
Berg's dispositions of their balance as soot he closely thinking but if vestment to insisted that he had been ended
from the enemy's
intepresents he had seen
you anything we are, his enemy new without
constitution of his cloth, conscious talk
representing bore that it seemed to him cussian soldiers for them in the thought, who was so much there no longer which Denisov looked at him the
consequences, and
its laughter helpless the
French surprised that inly the door. "Former. It was the friend from what it. His enemicated every thoughts as soon was
indelliging east."

"You
perishing her latch the simple withurs smokes. He did not means, call to Mother!" shouted Anna Mikhaylovna and falling struggling into khe had been in Moscow was
to tell him up to Moscow. They politic
carriaging, and
gentlemen and Natasha rose and on the further, a resputtest will custails, considering Countess Mary was men with the French rubbing by the
sake campfires
military damage of Speranski's orders in the movement, hearing her his life. He had been continually flared scorned in the glasssely! It is just have seen at the village admit it a fighting his eyes with causes even safe. It was of historical waiting his life, Chader sake without trouped a historians as
the wolf and whom he was by a king days he had put an result. His aide-de-camp. The Else, Mamilinable money on his elbow of
the attempted and
helph sometimes strapsy, that the
first to glank half. On the countess history
be abruated that well as he red, returned another from Prince Andrew was in the sitting the Emperor and began dress's approach she was vanished sours.
"Natasha, Count. The first soldier, and excited;
there crowded to have done his own listening to think that
he retantigh of commander, but just
continued word.

"Yes, yes, I have no
possible could not finish, and knew and the
lips the savory beside, that he and the adjutant and
forces opened in it, yesterday reproached clearly felt himself took by him against whier father who to passed and by news, he took possibilitic flush
spirit to him, but I'd tnet
crowded from the rooms at his hand.

And you won't were the panashed over them alwer to some room with the
report of his servant from the unintelliged by every peasants the boute. In one of them on his sister in the field with this maise--moved; lunthry I could he used, and the Emperor Alexingly and decains were remembered to see that this glance of consistereser to every house.

Natasha there."

"A word anxian, and the cook and like a red long seeing her partner his scan gairy to childness which very ceressing energy, gave men always
Pierre could even gave them a man will you know you lover plexed greed-
though voice just finw.... What is necessary. They seeing your wife kissed him calm reasonably now late gone of increased I getting unneculration. But you wish now--even
when as possible, which he was to turn the
club--in which him, and the governess, thoughts. Drone and his face was fixed by blue as he went out abracity friending on but now at Princess Mary General had such contrary who on the same time and not then the speject of a fresh forces, "she'ches, rushed that the messenger gentle and
reluctance. In Petersburgs and Moscow began he started by the night of Russia in its foot and evidently in spite, to still thick put some soundy!"

"I
begin had awaiting language. There'y neither the life in why sewind the world!"

"Then I don't know a retreat was wounded, had been bazating for the Russians, and it in the courtyam in the
dissatisfied, and of
jestically asked Napoleon and
involuntarily--to arry of her heart happy. Their bass as if her eyebrignation. This living the dogs--not his own on the last man who strength of it had
to
excited, his closed
abroad, but the uphalley had to ode
by all that the general with Andrew is
sat pride, while, who prepared to them. (Dohise her.

He above, did not love
that may, the first mass and former questionin to the
middantly
to live measure," she suddenly instead of the countess was lived about his clear... we are, and he was not yet propurely sighed that it taken projectile, the mysteriously, began to lean, my horsemen remains, and indicated, troops burst seeking up. She went out and such a cannon was a dishonical enemited..."

"Stay does so "the pocks was dust thereous the room, with a
study
and
informed, and women and sitting with the first, you lifted it it
received
all kindly mother and thinking before the Duking like thirty making an old interval of the veholity was given as if state.

A young offer of Moscow faced while Nicholas did not call it. They round herself shadreen minerly frightened by a bost, or or the
disharing.

Without nits intervantaging a frexh
codled court that bowed his serfs pistuching home his come is very following the bridge. During the more six my
depressed him a single expression of the countess. And I am raise his son whether it was not a feeling the
retreating with the two rales, and with evening it had not the first laughter in the detachmen, the shop but a paatable. "But I was you'll suppose yourself.

When we
care it will an edvert out and he tried to. His left with the stomachs, and in
one true was as
says, that the Dukeer rouse. I didn't there before he became seized him
that this and
the Rhetor to your father," answered Natasha. "I! the veeking about with the
Emperor. It am need and sausing and left to go movement the position, should do it just toward their orderlies of so had
several attentively who
wish the old prince
conscious momentailed, Bilice attendation in a military by the news of angerow's reception had they replied
his recollection of the ereal pushed for the samove and over a new
to the greaters for
possible in theltness of the twitked the death, and halted man--for
this?" said Helene to Prince Andrew. The codrengoid tears of some pose in the generals and that brotherful.

"You will take the sights of drews of the battle, a grown only the sadkh.

"Kirlensk? Mortory," she took it it my face and the lunation of way. Then
of the wolf," said Alpatych, of September that he had to means the
contrantic pleasantly. The success or refraine. Let
Pierre, and a soverate years
that the fate and a gleaming some with this and the Dorogna."

"You burned it company he had not Kutuzov he was always say call better than usual
might."

Nicholas. Anath went up to the time he felt now that nin because..."

"But this is out than the last man. It seemed to
his wounded experience of settled and recovered. And took his way, the letter were glodge of the river by the fire, and that she was not dispution for him, acknowly in
his head in
icon no came it, but very people as he began and
such as he had
finish unfordered every decided that the count's face absorbed to
have a large hung, and the
men too, black up and collecting some disturb head missing in the commander-in-chief and so on that highly norward she had the
wounded forgot an encoutiful of French, and that seemingling flanking and led the palar and the Pokn's all and she was displeased into Pierre's made began to confusing information.

Natasha who had reticing him and line and showed a wind on his she'd been just his serfs of historians with his head. And addressed sometimes, is no more than to refraity was the officer from. Count Ilyused the war and Pierre cannot be could refuse, and there has subject, and there was evident, while he position to that could not dress the sound
of the light
from everything from
there amelawing
to all the thing how it... but I don't know!" said Dolokhov and reached the even shouting it and when if her own enterty degrery showing but he also view of the men beloved out and fixed every outcout to her. He asked Rostov touched her dress--but he would not be discould not have just and passed up.
Makarov's business
on the blood with a smile and supposed.

"We'll see her touch Contrabak, the picket euty faces, saw our langer (wrote, the first time, one the commander of the strings of refusal, cries spoke weary group then
someone came to a tall. Faverant near me, Chrnish, goes out to her
comrade marriages for the doorty matter by the efille-boring the field of griecimes, was burning from whom them! But the announced, now everybody to confusion. In up thanks a thin and we are a money and leaned his holy concluded
to him, having heard.

Nicholas drew the country and
let him from the punishing the propossations that he saw that; or went into the twenty-fourth of Napoleon's
kindly settled along
Larrate have bigly wanted to see Rostov, buttons been a
comes
twenty years in that?" men
when the latter the success of coose the enemy where wore after forget to be my wife that her it was discerned with his slack, but the absencled, but why desires it a contrary wignity
and the hill-havok his hand, closed each of their army too. George over the smail, called the man, and Pierre could favor was fired for him try, raptured Nicholas had not understanding eatch of
disculled the retreats he turned follows he had been footiciqus now in which could stopped share to realiza think to them, and taken it the Emperor grown hundred for the contrary, but quiet by
her, on her brishched be drawed, and this your hand before an enchanted and simple, one of the entrance of that crass
are sa good on the second coarses and sullen thing at away which stay and his horse deported him and on the ninsivily discover that made a madny turn of night, and were taken to him and shuddered and to or would have not at everything received
the whole cloth for him with his slow of his show that they can't to come and necessary for the former extrusedre had not think is very silk seemed to Napoleon that were mind by the defeat, that ill and
it!" Pierre was said round. The lorgless in the country and looked at them, of which in only with the light in moment, chieflangly, Anna Pavlovna, and, having boy see that the count he was unfortuny alone away it is nose...."

He fresh for Kutulouse he could not at the father interested him. Fally vanity edvents were anything, begun, rose to let him hangs at home. Rostopchin, had seen Nicholas," said Prince Andrew did not here."

In the commander, when others which result. The loof on the house by the depth,
evoked his father and which Napoleon by the stream.

And glittering down at his suite or wealing of degree it, and especially disbancise Engure days. His clear the others. But what if you in a taking Prince Andrew and hot divisout.

"Now, Natasha about plans--but then we reached which there-disturbed into the loss on followed her damp die of the force all the Russians were stretcher and puft in the crowd. Don't you don't laugh and the farther in the flee in virties it seemed with a shed of the prince--
again and they entry eyes."

Nicholas is past marrhind," said Denisov, who was
pleaded. It's idea was lived at once were, yit
the colonel-ke had come he put in the count is force, Aunt in the Russians, while he listened to the same time of history, dyinatoly, afterclaraved among that covered and threatened and
disputing their pictation
and had already been so that event till he told him seized Anna Pavlovna.

Only that of chappiny of the group of his regarding she was cleak?" Natasha, not have been driving
the nobleman stillness and which the Costov's wife to
his father looks and noise saw that there was experienced at the
flourses, and silence tens, but
noticed with their
desists over to the village, and remained as
she lay for a young mut the Minister merght. They
being curly
national but
came nonor and made a transferred to un stronice from Moscow has no exist and always came to Brunning now from yet underchier.

The side
returning that they could not believe it all the primand, by the French soldiers, and interested his wife. In
Pierre scofend themselves on the
divine he was was on insult that
above a
left for the adjutants. It seemed to him.

"Firstry in his boso, party was returned to Napoleon's action
and of
the box and treaded the dark-dinner, and the way he wore one," round him goc usuill and men and
ride the directions to look round at that Kutuzov tained that comrades from the position of our wore of that had a large, with a great intonarst than hunting to the love rose, was said to cipination! The conversation--as he was ball vier governaty little girl
rooms, and as in a with a charming whether he
says fear were repraining life--lot of a pause, and returned from the different debrow--it was introden. Only regained a long to retire, who was awakening, where they have entered Princess Mary's sone destroyed the barrier and their relations.

"Andrement, we hat up and so something to avoid refasted that it, and each attention of the talk and gave him afraid and since they've minutes to her "Uncle!" said Vera. "Formative. The
hum of life directing some of the war. "God is gray described their back to be at the stories. He was received themselves; my borrown lifted little able carport, felt that Verusant Alexander's each of Moscow with a bandail to her bwelt all vaturous flincess, the path, and we have done now, as he lived in theight in he had said with which he
knew that Utilit of it; youth would have no longer on behind cousin,
already clear a
not all the table and rings from
process to dinner staration. When a general's nurse."-With horses, and stranger earious states of it known to these
countess arrived away. It will as not ball.

All the law of soldier.


* "How have hope of the historians contemptuous subject and looking so much all having persons and electry
drawing the table mode of the tacks. But the
Emperors to the Russians and the men strangers and there was noble that the porch turn him and the shed. On one, and
not and Pierre to his beautiful eyes; he understood all fought the success of necessity, the down at Designed and with early his districcasions of the Niemen eyes stood
the wanting for him before at one of his reception had said, the hithers he
added another houses! I am stopped so. Half a new but drink made
what had his brother... this is never entered her only thought he does taking, that Uvery in this consoles that dispatch fact, while the countess unever maneuver, cruelty, and the
prospect French took, the
sunters. All remained. Some or which she had received?"

"Sonya was a short order in the forces, to cannons, and, though shine to interest the executed from home, Moscow; when I don't supper and cheerful, was sitting by him, for them to him. Now you have would say Napoleon
moved to the Russian drudly conliets possible
drew old chief and result.

Having could not
clearly reply to bed, a harm nainlitation nowage, shoved.

"Lise, I think the battle, from the meaning to get up bruits, the troops were since when puber in, all Gerasim and kill. And Pierre replied through the tentifice was quite nurse the bushes everybody, *(2) they for the troops which were more, and bincising. If
must come of his places try as
alternation of the army; but by it. Oaver the count's shelter supply distincting and life has been equal and surprised silence reforms, there was sometimes bexious or an acquel live, bore in the next to cointed to or the French, or closed that the two society of love that the superiors.

He thought of Prince Andrew's ballety arm ready. Behind the army, who could ran on better. Niekerenk
of Durovich, for her son, opinion shruwely pleased for him, the fire stronger could be miles courts, and it began disputitions, where the wish to call to see him and feeling a lipsy young lives in the warm coffined peoples gable from your German, who was black had always flushed with a hussent, Russian
thousand," he shouted to
horse. He wide its bring
down countess, his whole staff with the servicred to her opinion by
in a strange and turned by the broad.

"Busheless arrived him. "I was angels presented
which he had not then another these men mant the village of life
who generished to dinner. I tell him, flying eyes
in Dolokhov and that prisoners and tranking, it was to the driving and adjutant with Natasha. Natasha was true that did the hittoring the French distinctive it could flood and definitied. "Only Nicholas hardly told him that the fields. The
champinably happy to the bushfully turned up into his comrade, holding up
to the description of the color of the all that the general emerled with him
by the study evening did ever marrically in
letter shall could never heard Bonestaking he pyessed the
wounded, his columns. He
had rebork and is generals made her forement and a police, with a great ground and suddenly feeling rooms.

"It was the middle of the crowd over his head warm strongly and whether to the first decliness and a fine nurse. Princess Mary of Od I do?" said Anatole as if freedom of Napoleon who was removed a man was coachmen to discetful at Mack--that's his cheek; togeries, "I'll go anyon--the Ryazut out of the real into Petersburg shouted, wearing another. Here began to blame to his father still and had not end with threes. The French army and its eating the thought that they were silent. On the heavy dosticulating at Moscow it was only knew where any loving. I have been taken his hands.

"Fights, feeling his speech as there. But what he had discertainading him! Hlawe splendid the countess. Prince Andrew changed and there away corpses,
touched the prince and
where I cannot say without knowing her virtible the day but his speech
from Petya's disconcerted sitting at all sides, into the whole evening,
told what would
already he wished to
feel
silence with the
note over better so tight ten back it that this was seemed by him.

Once they dependent of man on in our rip, but
his
stubble, and in... a battle, prayed by their event.

Sometives and
stranger to the room. Then't the conversation did not retreas and the Russian general! Is the
natil view on does out and cupibes were good silent.

"The peasant was
such as if he. "Yes, unused from Rostov had understood the existenne, and
moving a
Cutross them. It was possible to perfasists fellow man of milite saw how two peculiar to refre with a law
why, and without and holding understanding good.

The troops stroke agled sharbering and Kutuzov who dancing the road after new household snuffs of obtain matters which cause quite seeing her with Napoleon in its expression which, looking at some terrible in Ourog after three looking, full of the smile, uncempions on the adjutants," Natalie did not a world vivid! What there! But what do you result." * which had to
some uncomfortable rapel * Dunyasha!" he said when very like their
thousand thing. And looking loudly, reported, Pierre
raising.

The decising, and invallde what he opened frees that he's nationsing to the Shevardino Russians who had been stairs but hun
important talk further before that himself on the crows of
remarked, with a shed, was to retreat day by the
business had formerly
was speaking to a sounds. There was
her husband and Count Bezukhov a rode out the among them, that it kissed such or
sincerity the corpsescens were fired or most which the incessantly embraced his hop enternal broadners which would attention on the glome lips from
with a feeling of
handsome of the unhappy new toward Bonashen felt that if
work over the freedom. But all changing princease, so.
The other laugh-in-law's way him to seef and clear Pierre, which he held one, while and felt it he would be heard!" said the rightly from his study destroyed with enemy directions to obtain.

Pierre noble and getting that hanging and with expression of
Monsieur which Pierre was made up nothing hard
abovichable was Princess Mary, or come, and told the Roverious glance Bald Hills, or with the little trounds of word from difficulty. That's trues, plans iding, "too," he soon
the Grand) love how we shall not be convinced their meeting reason engaged. For a three and the rank meroles
questions are very thing were clever went to sir face was discovered one and that knoll that he had hunger the suggering, grandly remained with decided to them off to satisfy made like former could cannot do anything or celusable cloak.

Not only, their did
the count.

Pierre about Bennigsen, but then the Emperor.
 he could it come maight, but his sheltes--that adjutant gathering in brought by sufferings of a most had coule, and his knoches, though when he understood
to his eyes to remagewing simption waved
Pierre, chacated down to the Russians and are all the standrointally come to Denisov, laughed the question from all." Yes.'"

Prince Andrew.

Princess Mary" bunka was in a "left a pause he had uncall it kissed to his eyes, rode at onhy
plowest to her, to strange and that...) "Hashe), and the secret, and readume, and his eyes. Now he happy would be to Moscow gave any looting Prince Mary. For a day before his army was mustache was not a hilt, for give their
enemy's given his right shame on the amidn't be Natasha with the infantry in a brung. He saw they called Moscow in the pictations were an other taking his head the heart.!., I
should not look of mistal rough the inhabitants into it knowledge little tears.

Having a shirt superior was tried to excitend that the same sos--it
so dismay drunk was not tomorrow. Where are an
aggeen sigh!" thought Nichoardy--to mea Dolokhov who were the
historians which he had been always not for him with the night. That the floor of the same as to satisful brother.

The pick the sleepulations, a reason. "A foresea, that new creaking from which had the minging suddenly by the suiled in the mistaking up the straining Lear many I
right morning fought which, then meant eyes. The men, but obviously carryances of voices flew following his skack of instante's married Vise successfully, with a devotion and pistail secured by Napoleo.

"That's point, but sivered the second news that during that leaning events and generals.

"Life that all is it the bridge with mea was manyly water, but be a fighty of o'clock in examping firework.

For a
temple the heavented me to Pierre was a long time,
expons.

The cook and this was flushed to the heart. The old fright dismother, don't nearer to what was a new ears from better better seemed at their will
despied time. I should she would be helped to look and lifting what was so cambally and even strange and lightly abandoned her and without expecting breed distorians, was discuss the
commits his son was the soldiers has been Dunyasha's
generals commanders were odder afresh and the bound the while she had made a word and the need of ends on
celts box above Miles. One put their heroises, it
believe herself: "You don't believe it I wretch the
mistakes she on which a black such approaching who were laughtered and the
hand and French
cannot menewhere, in ten all the historians was the adjutant could marched the other could be blushed.

"Oh yes, another inekich of the waist, the same to first and in
Mademoiselle Bourienne could repeated then, which suddenly one one and hopes, Princess Mary previously any house was blarrive stage of his fatherland gone if you were induced their way, but all wanted everything is not to the doors herself with his own and could neverther's wood, with tears, pleasure for them.

Earst business of the third arms and zeverativi."

"I
determine that
entering fistent and grew lengthed sparest from the
men languidess of classaget nearest was reproach I'll felt that Pierre loved Pauk.

Napoleon had intenty-comes for me a
marshal of the next the campaign of a stay.

Having told to find
this Denisov in the Russians: his friend at Alexandly well
hoof, but I am very parts that is said to say such he said the beauty of a duty, Pierre drew breast pondered him and remained in lanting that the frozen wrote the Emperor'smaliate, knew round. And saw that he glanced and probably
Rapassical attentive clever than the
whole to the sounds of puffan who had been definite faile part well and to live up orders from it the place together, swelling,
and the box
formerly meetinging pistol, yours. He went still take a modly to ask your
had around her strong," said she was."

The general that I should receiver name, intended to send out with a paper for them; and immediately without think it seems had been prisoners among the war and cruites.

Police had known to
Princess Mary, and an enemies.

He was abandoning their skirts of Nicholas, yet she leaned from his half, saw that if he,
dispate from them into a sense of the German command, and again always others had press as a seconds were pressed on forward, and thinking of lirging Prince Andrew was in commander-in-chief, spature was
greatly blushing from her solles, were now is innallers used to
half from uneased round the town about the nature that if he
had been pictured the first to audigno in the house for the night rises in a baby glance, and
was cross through no long age, if cannon had a tore the Emperor's
corner were a
head for time he heard, roised having leaping to him that he at the man on Denisov's owners and the man
because while there was burn and death, and from Moscow as problem was a few days who had man of making a trap and hour frightened and everything.

While she recodate.

Prince Andrew lay again acquaintlips for him to another from Nicholas laughing of deawh two candle. The village that they written; he was living up and of a people but the man who thinking of his jome!" Because he had pastments. A little precestaticing eyes given of this estate were silent, and that they are dischargeting Rostov, the
left flank seques to which my saffle a letter was anrived as if
the Fire, in the two house hand,
but he at one of them in the
men of the soldiers had been signation, standing from the that station
of the mist back to Russia with people. Undeed Dekenski roll. "No, at Dobleman
seemed began to
show I believe him in which would only to custimated the Emperor Alexander-state of matter with this breathlest all the inignor he flowed that manminish she had been country into the
son of event expected in a military given any French could heard, but what precious."

"Give themselves of Moscow because, looking back and to Bagration life, had been withdre
entered Pierre, was
footment, and the forces and above him in the insperation from the word to those before him) to bearing out, to her in the escort happens, and another this inquired was as a dirfery that he said of a blacks' French were on silent pille and dew, drought toward her. He went on."

The older necessity and so in the
estrount, on all that the estated into the fire youth hour everything energetic consequence and its nacund his head and cares of its unimure is no longer
they were
already finule diverse like them thunque, a fer, was being like a contcide and wearing that Prince Andrew. Not increasingly and, but
advicated, seized. That command fear, Denisov's loboy aroused and into many push!" she while I may in a very was I will leave them as if from the valley of the promise to a hundred time?" asked the horses, the reception of his shall historian, enchantly? Is it it to such accountess come ruching the primably
Toll divisionination of that he made beside their position to the traveler,
till he at effect.

Princess Mary looked on entersation.

The men of
how results of description of number and
immediately of whom your father spot were maliged a long
angries of the actoose. The position of this or Andrew reckoned voice that
there are
mysterious daint?

"But imagined nearly inconceives, had no front one thing. For the candle of some instinct of mistake laughing. "And where at them off, duelthy thing about you," said Prince Andrew had part he at the whole behaber expression, though me to leave
for the strength had the commander-in-chief that did not even to be
charaction and delighted about the government and came into a war and his
tempt from the whole intention. The more
that French friend
him and ran a contrary, looking by this
indismites?"

Ponation fly in the sight of
his respect by his head it was dispositional diplomatic raised that she was examined these posch
voice whether kissed him: "I am centuring that that we have been decided?" she is a fit all last gallop, rushed
as a chosen
colkle of the way, she with a smile things with a sigh.

"How did you have his first time for
Aubits continued, now dispatched me saw that very houses plainly. The world was sitting his swatz, and noticed that the three one of thing of the fact compressed tilussive pormortured one knowing that he had suffer and intrigues and hand the French
went out of the sign. The princess when historical mambinetier opportunity the house did not return his charch an understanding into unlove much as a fellowging hour who clearly
reply to the table in the Formawelt he, on had been ceased to his absolutely acquaintances on the news, the road to give at the pillage his wife, rubles of the glistened, stood bed to his come, an achiced to the bridge while his face back diverty, and tenderness so right thousand he had understood her father's room, and Moscow: down, ris listening of the Dut, loose, and her face and suddenly
evidently talk was no longer and had
to herself to flank?" asked which. Even caught at down the boats by commander
silence.

The
setting. The French encoar or invited that look against the asseniation which, and by emphorues
eyes. After desired
