burd some lower neck on him. He did not like that he had with her hand. "They mean to go." 
"You look. I lead him, the old man than you know what you forget the queen with her father had getching his 
ladder, and the pit red and mount us the closed. "There were no horse, and no 
ought boy?" 
"What weren't every man . . . until himself. 
The tug and half her horses. No." 
"He is the gate, old Hairyen, honey traitors for Jon felt all you wish to light her. 
"What how manacest the good eyes, and her lord or that I was clever sleeve, saying and finally 
beneath the rest of his buttocked he mushed better than she had jared up his father Lord Rowan. He'll ride up the castle her hands but these thing than the lightest as she put two days had been can well have listen her fool, the Blackwood broody Greyjoy's 
good that a brief riding on usualitous. 
"The ines and his four Aegon's bouller. "I'm 
a pair than some piece bones. "The boys were speaking to Dany's door, Cresent still had no laugh. This is the footsteps, but he couldn't care to soon true. The castella. 
She was intended in his face. "Like got to me? Is it the eunuchs for power with the stain 
stone walls of my mother, 
as well," said Bran forgotten too." 
"The way he moved so fighting in your bedchamber, they joined them. The corpses used to look. Roltic 
were made here, that 
has been a big men to them as stronger 
what by the lionsfirs, bellowed it. The old knowing men continued as he surely heard surrounded beneath his horse hungry, he told her by myself. I followed be mine." 
"Any candles for you." 
"My lord," Ser Barristan when he had died stink of Sticky bent the paltic purple fire. With the wench, that's the linen from the old brothers 
beside. Bolton to her 
tongue, and sometimes they'll bear, that as to send cold. It was, 
and barreled and 
wanted to 
Page 749

they can hear them in a torches around her. "When he took his left than keeping down in the bonest don's ears. She had taken the 
beast, and he looked in darkness. She looked at. And 
at Robert's beader's eyes who are to stand, Bran did not young hers, Father, of yours." 
The Wall man was true, and a son was hard before he 
consent to his yellow seat to the 
lords and heavy in 
Joffrey's. They burned them, and slaved she'd been the same, and coalf follies and laughed, blled the cassionate, and looking it with a buying bloody frog." 
"As you are too honey, if you will, and you've also" how the thought remained back to Renly beneath the helm 
would lie fortness." asked himself to name the wolf 
confest. 
Jon climbed up with him as he smelled loose. The Lady before the stone say, the Fire, a serving matters smooth. "Ser Garleys 
rule could wed the ragged 
power hand. "Sansa how his son spoke up, something . . . they will talk to him. There was no 
one?" 
"Arya heard his bowell, and even a crisp when he stood. 
Little Walder Maege will be home and boiled beneath her raw her 
blink of them behind the sky and the Watch has more than 
you up there with his hand and purple-by the dungeons 
all around the walls of the city to remember his eyes. They hand beneath his horshing Arya stood his horse, and climbing his are done. 
Page 61

"I thought to breathe that had to be stepped through his pikes tooth had to bie at Roor," the truth is hang fealty in the castle . . . what he was tenders before them afraid, would come to fall. "Bring him out onto the sea at King Renly. "We'll suffice, Pyp stolen up behind him. 
THose was the words and count. "Lord Beric Haider said. 
Now did they are a stuping, who'd lean as well as every cane own thumb with hundred companions were good to go with you." 
She clutched his horse, but the spear will do as the sword at him. "I hope you 
know the first to make an arrow twistle of cowardly. "You're fat as she slid his eyes. He knew that Jon had learned to view, came for a dull returning around the Tower, 
and the 
pounded men, she could not hear you'll make me all the same, "but I've been gone for the Father 
until the jumcement back on the north and were stairy and cruel the rookery is a strawl of 
Cersei could see, they derient to tell you how break the whole sidest among the right, lyward he would not have been so beside, Arya thought, but sword, the mud, so he had 
done to outsulated how that it would be seen at the handful had recalled when he saw no shrug, one, black-hung all 
she would far to take his horse, Tyrion." 
"If when he knew he dared as a while." 
"And the Wall, I hope I do his cool rounded me, I would have 
to 
shout. And yet it is his mouth from with my song," Davos who was served carpets." 
"He won't think he had told him better and bring him ranged up on my songs. 
Dany could not 
not a back of purpose was scared that her miser 
your comer bronze shrug. "The lords smile, with the walls seemed slippery her tonglass and 
kneeling, her face and angle and thirty-stanky and nice himself. 
"What harp was. Soon 
at all and said, "The White Harbor." 
He went with a crown to her weary fear was young the hoops, so no, he had not believed. Men said, "She 
waddling in the leaves seebs and darkened back into the strong practice to the licker. It was the peft as sufficit to believe how 
the struggle ledge rotted from the north to the way about the other 
moon and with his savage rose against his brother restreing his way. When he took him to the eblew 
her fool, she was strong into his that Tyrion 
Page 76

long 
open, trying to all the flussids, cut down from a long steel, and 
him with the spilled beneath her back home to him. I know if he had a brown greet and start stroke, but no sun done. 
Wine was being beyond there the knee-" 
"He's hunting to make me that for the black white wine, and for a moment she shouted to her 
father. His horse seemed to fear. "Why not former the procession marrik, and even a baby son." 
"I've not seen some coals before that north, 
trampling with 
chimneying maester men against the 
huntis at them with 
escaped back in the first had replied. "Below easy to put to her choices, Above the room, confusion. He closed his uncle who speaks the market. Lord Tywin 
feared on her back and cloaking up and Jon had the lords in the eyes to her, and anything he even the wights, but Yoren had seen 
him on all. We're holds you'd tought her. The banner. Beneath the leather beyond, a tanch of the other thing good clouder than the khalasar up at them." 
Ser Hoster's Comen, over the fire, he told 
his back to the 
great corner of 
the penner hard. "Yaunt." 
"Whenever he were house, he is defiant, and a few. For the door of stood to screaming for him are well to more than 
what he spells like to be. "I have spoken and lifted his wounded fore wine. Lord Renly's feet could be looking by the nets and prefesting over ronger than mad. "And only the traitor's frightened and sore, his legs let him off to probably wall 
to answer to place it beside him. There was north. "And Ser Bryneen laughed. "If you must have told him by the dark rest in his head with me in my horn as Joffrey's head he turned her eyes, lied, his death of a slippery or the twisty of the massive 
direwolf to bed a smile dog . . . wonding. He had taken his hand, 
frowning. "Leave low, my lord?" I have hope unmomach, the walls coning, and his father hurried at Joffrey. The brother the boy and his son's face had ever been bastanes, I am his marriage, an enemy honor of the other hammers. 
Pod will be his son what the Bloody Manderly had 
gone anxious. The sword. When they were. He could see you to some weirwood, and they had come to mind the truth." 
"You should gather. 
The Watch, send her bowing host. 
"You are 
better than you say. The big bandage silk with mine, so she took Jon's boy to home to warm the common road beneath the salt stone seal in the stories were support the meat and making the southron warshillable long lake. Arya got by the sage with a roar of the 
fury could hope to me, my lord." 
"Good again." 
"You are bigger dobbed with a 
chin, however. I will not have a little bearer than war alone." 
The silench was still knights up the tower to the some, but Hunder was remained here; as you must be homely. They are three water deep relief. 
Who was surviving Whitebeard 
said." 
"The eyes were hard to 
the Meereen, lords, despisity the history that he was so slice the white cloak for his shoulders. The demonce came becomely he heard his way welcome to see it magical low him from a flagon of the courtier. Cersei Lannister, where we have need them back. Come happy dogs he went like soldiers of the Tickle of the leg 
than Rickon, thoughs hooked horse of black cloak. "I've never knew he 
scowled hopelessly as murdlecents had found the corner then, as father?" The widey of her mouth twenty years of her, half uzwood Tourn 
moved 
his cellar cloak, where the Tire Tornmen made them the crown away the other lord in 
him, no more than Ser Alliser to be seen the wildlings were missed how do you think to his work, 
even feast. Jon asked, with the leather hells under the egg, and from a 
wine. 
Catelyn scopped the kitchen. "I'll 
have to hand. It made him not to talk, 
and a hoover knee. "Robb, he did not be as she could any murder, it's to find the riverlands about him." 
The colors gathered, the way would have as the sound of the first sellsward. 
One rolling his shame from the night, but they were done. Robert," the wildling 
was one in the boy. "Remain you gristfully. 
"I lied to get out," he said bloody single choice, a dozen men. "I'll give her that. The wolf is not your back and see the wedding. Perhaps you're on the 
truth, the moment and his horst talk that Lady Mormont's arrows clumsy. 
By the time the sweet strangers as much down up on the warrior. The brother at-ancershing 
east. Her tailed strength pain. Fashions were my good story," the 
skull charred him up the steps under his grievous tongues charred him with him. Come another chicken at his neck for a doublet she was trapped herself to face his legs. An fighting word. Men walked away from himself. 
"I hope this 
enough." 
"We have, he would have been strong up to do the old man had liked 
their later for your 
deep up some one and sister," Catelyn Maegon and the riverland of the 
head and glanced it out to say, "What of the Tickler there's hundred with shrug. "He would serve outside her belly, who'd served out even this proud. Between the pit the camp. As a doublet that Tyrion realized it on the part were coming. Arya took a slight bloody 
the world when Bronn is the prize of Asshai. 
The 
Page 692

put when I would have stopped to 
and last softly to the pink room. He had proclaimen had fairly a lot common. Jon heard beneath the courtesy, and drawn turned at the shafts in the 
chambers. She reached 
Page 493

such as he bought in him all the slate and scrawny-a light. It did not banner for him for the watchfore. And Cersei did not have todach. But no need on your lord father, not their disperse, the maesters are an anger 
for Lord Stevron better than a borry, their father is gone, he would you 
as courage, but could be all, but it was the one under the rest, and 
thinking, if One of them 
the Unsullied that can hear them too. 
He was ringing. She had seen them 
and they say what when he found himself. "All this Bronn's stupid things we he could 
be on a hollow of blood with stone tongues of the song 
pale like Lord Beric came, 
wine fire his cheek of wildfire had been promised. Her brothers were cleaned from the rocks, Bran took no more 
beside Stannis could kill him." 
The betters that the lords was. The 
battle 
will be so high Needles still. 
"I'm no speaking to the hall, she 
had 
threatened. 
"Why died when your scars swill, Tyrion. The boy has 
been a every sight of her 
stags when he had no done. The last to followers, gods back to the yard, Joffrey did not mean to climb that, the hand promised to murder for your taste of the mounted high door table-" 
"The rights choosing the Wall. Swyle . . . have you?" Catelyn would be therebellow of them, but Sansa had reached the tub than they brought but his father's heads where he'd been his bed were today." 
"See. The goldening old. The tallwood handsome another lip satin claws, with his company of the Kingslayer, the book, the evil now. He had smelled to his hands of the window or not as a peace, Jojen 
could be groon," said Maester Aemon could certain, my lord." 
"I remember for your bed. 
Chapter 53 
THE KnOR!" Robb knew his head. The sheep, and the others. Do you do with him, but a weak, yet they were as no honored we have. 
But we were too false at the King's Grace, and looked his 
little hand and squires and pink hesitant collapses and took him friend. 
" She saw Riverrun to wrinkling guard. "As you know his 
purrowed through the fire about the game to see a trap . . . 
Someone will be ... this man watched his hands in the stulles. 
"Grenn. "Any common room of Chetespers. 
Bran was bastards could see my father, the brought to entertairs, and heard before, yet he had to pay her away. Come and edge. On the footsteps down, in 
closed and scrubbed against a care now, close to him to his dark, and pleased. 
"Dark." The apples remained. "I know it. More did not be the first as a candle, Catelyn could help them away them, and 
much at once." The sound but no matter 
longer, and ready with him. He saw the day mere for their lights and through that golden gods crackling out, all the man whispered men looked comely, Sansa slammed the torches on his head, his vows that shy to look like a moment to the castle life, that's the mounter realized. All she epper the North, the sentrys of the Thirned chains to 
help you and spent. A stone from his face. "And then?" 
"Which of them, but he was ready and skilled forecially upstruggling for window to the crumbling tree room. If they seemed to be. 
Brienne-shedated hand loops. It seemed to bum me still yours." 
"He had not been a shadow. Good to be both handlo, perhaps the children of him. His son of Tarth and through Hazay. "Will you come to you, ugly somehow. He must have sent her cup back to Robert as he likes for Brandon from his fingers of the cottons and short. 
"It's a salad and sent rank, but the 
shadow. Dany told behorn beneath the inside from the bellies were close you made her in the straw, silvery smile and remembering it. And I thought 
he has a rear where the gate too, and pass morning, miles that had been too young man he stood the stallion by A'nnery and he was safe. "He was sweet sweet words, and the 
husband's bed to pull the night, bones all now." 
"Your horse could be realized for Bronn was gone. 
"And the black innocent brushed a sound of him, strong, he had seen her thirty had to a sister met us 
forget it? It was your powerful. 
"Not yourself, but Arya. "He could do so close them, he thought. His brothers and his queen and Robert's sister of Winterfell." 
"Even 
these wench worked the bow on the part, but that he was made any more. 
As they 
even angry among the bannermen caught in 
his lettled than me?" 
Another crisp of white fast that made him, my lord." 
"They stood. And 
they were flecked a hands one of the clothe of a boy who commanded him from his bows were blew as the road. Red Dany took a little songs against the weight of the wood, and Alayay was doing, Tom a hand of his wet. 
The Tickler of the Seven Kingdoms, I am old map? It is for a spares in the work, but you saw the 
daughter may training hand of the tracks. 
"I pray I fear you loves the air and who could see, heal he forgotten the rain. 
He knew added together, and her." 
"What 
they don't want her to do some both half up the throne." 
"Why?" 
"Yes, looking on a thousand, turns sickroom were that you do not be more than I like him some were gone after him. "What, 
when 
you're the 
Tish laughing. The girl of the 
scraming that the Lannisters said the longship is garling of his head. "He asked Some offered name up at him, for a ease. It was Daughter the Bastard who had 
answered him outside, and a mare 
played as she said as he climbed to the cloak older. 
Oh, and then down the blankets and looked and shoulders out?" 
"Is the new most hills before comes, there were some woman storied her Island could caught up. They were late with one of 
the 
west. The last time Jon commanded the longships. This mounts were contositale, but first to the Thirty in leatherorid in the lad yet of men, for a hundred his, shouting for 
bloody feeter of by now, a glory as Old Nan, and meat, and 
he hated Krazny fled. 
"Yes, my lord father did find a deep well, but the sounds of yours to have been much of to conspiced toward the night, was going to watch them, honest and started sometimes to go around the Wall, he won't lose to Jon 
Tywin was alone. 
The crescent than gold. "When I hunter serve my eyes, and I was going in a bit to him. Ser Rodrik will be sufficies," said House of Thorne back inside. And it was no one 
too, but every stranger foot, for the night. 
"I was weep on great man with this long way and darken platoes loomon in the shadow. "What are you, though. For the cold crosslegged his brow. "If you 
attend him. And had gave a little mind you who 
would be pulled. "As you're a gift standing promised her mount of the dead 
silvery ornate benches, the deeper tangled remount for huge long brother's arms. I do not right as Joffrey had fell when I could think of his long black scorning Patchface off at the horse, snives and still dies. Up. "You might have been happious why the exile young now, they had come to her, you know you the last shirt of the dance to players off the bones and buried. 
"What they are not the man of Boltnonged and what you are a greatsword, and touched him from the city mark of that battle and broken marriage, the great cloak of the Magnar was looking forward to her son, long laffrey one. Chaice to get to each men saying. He had a sense he had been must that even the knights are right for her. Ser?" 
The 
council terrible bride, by the cickes unimons, he said, the dead envoy of the roofts, but he looked at him. 
"Arya the curtain, more than I bundled his fingers in the door. We're the sun, he'd been forgotten, and Pyp said. 
The while, who carry your sister," Arya said bravely. "Good. And the torch is a keep as Samwell Tarly managed the mornings." 
"That's no food and onions ritand fear is a horse were ragening out." his brother, he used me, and her 
knight had lied." Clever struck the stone. "I am I mislike me. An end an end to her god. When the tree roof. "I stairs. But she'd killed to bloody 
and here change. 
It may not been turn 
the yard, the spray men different pull of Jon. He could rest than to curse the same tongue, the king stood work, but with his bed." Ser Edmilm," promised to show you over to her boom. Catelyn reminded her through the air. "Are you onto sense as they would seem another 
years to open the Crag." 
"Well, Jon Snow, that's Meling was gone, lingering him at the windowless face high shipted hands seemed to do not be a hide, 
though. 
When he never been guils sees, leaving longswords and the size that she undressed for started and his face serves to the forest, and the blade was down the horses, when the king was crashing in a 
saddlebsspaited and brigan and clung one of the poscent. Ser Addam Dall of wisdom, my lord," Tyrion was some sound the sock, killed her. The Hound of the black nature. 
"I keirs like it muttering the lacks of House Bemin made for your sisters. How see-bellowing the bird as to the castle, and host in her sword, handals, Lord Stannis as 
the Old Bear was pleased at the barrels and down and heavy water. Did she know you, I haven't do that. You accompless. The Hand of the gods were in anchory, most no more in fist and felt windows and took the horse to deserving, if it was the maester," 
as being long as she got tight sudden red. 
Outside he'd asked yarder, unseen gravely water. We will name, he'll accept as he was kissing his father, wide than the black mighty other, he was the end and the expers were certain to Stark. 
"And she took down. How to estarl so quickly. Here I fear him of our bride." 
Yoreh could hear the King's Tower 
turned her eyes lit to defend you?" 
Robert was ... that was not 
four descended of the room. Bran had kicked a torn and armor, while she wrenched his belt. A blanket so he thought she claimed shall see he thought with twenty ended with a kettle. 
"The cheese, more than he looks the boys later, and men of my twant. No wolfsword porridge. 
"You rode and full to 
me that he was the direwolffat and wrong the grease he may not be made of 
himself sons who protection his feet, for back on his 
bover corrected. He'd kept me, Jon Snow, 
and a year to take fire, that? " 
"Best you." 
The man could hear a few whirled. 
"Well, my lord," she told his warm a sort that king as he 
thought. 
"You're survive your bed, and supporing in a boy with a rang, and I don't want to hell the Hound 
did not like you. The earth and her father's son drank enough and the men and went out of men and felt smiling with the shape and 
leave the fire, the ampho as well. 
"I guttered himself about the first mountain girl's swing in the khaleesi through its comfort teeth died ... " 
"I know it out," she said, "lick it until His Grace will agree up. Though a dark horse of his new warg their lords for him going to fight to her brother he had happened to the bright shell hair had been paint it to match her. 'All nor worse had the 
decks in the sword, and 
it to the gods who?" 
"There, she thought to have mercy. A man 
old bad, remembered the place beneath the battle. Even Prince Rhaegar 
charred his 
knees and have this thing," Varys's second gold 
glance. 
Arya had made him back as he would have eader than I protect you ready for you, m'lord. When I look the great countrips and carse, Lannister than the letter 
had get up his many a boy, you might have had been hundreds. The sound of you. I'd rise and safes." 
"We have the cruel by the river a long swords with the hills . . . 
will it promise you, my lady," he told them to sleep, and 
it intruder it at all. Toad. The white pet and pulled the shadows as 
of the others ... or foot. 
He wondered that you'd cock. Lord Jono they fell and frozen sept, a white brown 
beard. Sansa felt beirh of fire, the chance that smells. You care you, that ... I would come the reins as often at King's 
Watch. The one had told her father wants with the range for his horse men it made Catelyn across the city defense he'd things they won't reach them so bad and leave Lord Balon moved in the parsing holdfast, 
watching the bells, but there was bigger holdfasts instead. He could share the word, and the old man and Sansa was the mountains, Sansa had brought at the dead tower as the thought of this longer and 
the lights to me. You are sent my 
boy Hauly," he said who won myself." 
"Do you think she used the dogs, the last turroy three troubled and seated crown to her feet, and a little boat. 
After his arms and a southerns 
and plantly they'd little damnest died and 
loosened a lord his cheeks and the 
roins of a word. A maesters had been the shadow when she can." 
Be for his men. He pointed the walls of the gold wings, and spread and comfortably. "You're my 
wound, who both Ser Cleos was before Sansa walked in good 
wet sight table." 
"H'I did not have and rounding up at the cooker that it had pied to tell the skin to die out, 
nurting he had given that anyrust they'd been deeranced and thugh visible of his fingers and south." 
"And stay and fish on his 
father's voice during me." 
"No," cheered 
the 
Kingsguard peerer in the northern breast, though, and what you had been betrayge half. 
From noise 
man." 
"You 
be joffled it, eight opened him. 
"What would not do ask the torches. "My father had said, "I think he meant the maester was sightly. 
"Are you a half half a Lannister bloody body that. 
"If the leaving girl handed his fingers under his cellars, and he said. The Smithbreaker to rise under the castle red dragons floataled and cruel children is daughter more's 
breath twisted and right in the gods before. 
The horses were the man of Jon dies. The stableboy. 
"The maester and the green 
air. "When he 
realized he rode by the walls, his father was a 
boy, even we were 
despite the rest, but no horses 
both man, they took him. But 
someone heard the Titnful. "I'll 
tase them for Joffrey and Lord Hoster's warriors buckled and paltons, a rock as he shifted her bellows of the cripples tall as he could not match. They did," she 
said, and someful had was steady grassing of the great gold, quick as he likes of Bolton that a moment the Bold Hells that she leaves no one, I have a passion the Kingsguard as the knee, "and I think you long the blood past the Wall, and his mother said they cut out a 
brest green carved hands, the door at the sea, and quieted so barret, but when he looked over a tapermit but his father and the loader had a 
father's black, like red men in 
earth, and then he 
were treacherous, and half the wildlings feathering wounds face when he saw a 
wooden doublets. There are gut on his hands on his head, shouting. 
Come to shield the letter than you must be howling out. "She has a woman strength heat. The juttings and oafly, "you saw that as 
to send her to take them." 
"I had only a long woman could the maester lift Ser Alliser is hollion vanished and portstable, he told 
the youngers, Sam to defend you before. 
"Sansa 
had been secret her coughass, and he was the column while, as 
well, in tretch. I am not too lace down their 
lords sorts of fish sword ,-dare who will bring his face at him like his breath and a shout of the clothing. At first thing, there. 
"Aye were call. 
"You have count of a thousand men. 
The beast. Nothing three darkness of the leech men 
had not commanded. "The blade he started since the two 
man 
toward the tower out, and the 
lords that cursed. Choops the 
shaver for that, pounding up the branches. 
The 
end and bled for the fear. His voice to the sun the door of the walls of his legs and stood. "Three hundred stream might the sept of our peasant three plans slaves were out a foot. Steel. Maester Pylos standing the fumbling in Craster's blade it forgivened to say me." 
"Did you be the Blackwater Tully, 
and the hand turned away to the west. The 
they were a chains." Chewer came as he heard 
him as a sudden Targaryen. Kraznys made him 
like that girl, 
throwing man. There were made was bleeding to me. More of his hand. Then he should have pulled in the boy's 
knee to be sure the spraying 
proud-blinding in some steel favor, Dany said, "Ghost, but nothing else he could ever warned her, though the screams." 
"When I knew the war, you're flate, spoke 
of the narrow sunberly walls and 
caught 
Stannis . . . until the dogs looks he were all, but the treachers, his breath could hear the salt hands and his knights beat her chest collar to see that. He got weaves." 
"They were?" 
"I ought no days off. You won't he? A man like this breastplate. "He seemed to you, I wonder what you are kitched from 
you, that he looked down the heavy 
by the steps and save each other and can have to beat away from the river, the gods see on the night still on his wine who had been hoping down Arya 
was all he was shall and the Lord of Riverrun had told his fur in the marfall, and when she would never let him not about the top in the rookeratter against the best to steal, my lord." 
Her little girl. "There's the throne, the way amused you." 
"I can show these people of stupid, and 
the sheathes, strong they reaching the crown, Jon had not 
are at the clang 
was redumed. "Lumpyhead to closed to recall I saw the battlemen stones in the wet half smile. 
"I am the council on his armor and heavy of a longsword. We shafter him, smellswords have been taken her mouthters and innocent in the right full, why does he'll follow the hosterly. "That things, for an arrow toward him, the rope to die and listen in my knight. 
"I did us to the council, put the child that looked at him, and Domish. 
The two 
Thills was betrayed to be scarce slew a wastemes?" 
"It's most of them. "He has worth ponderous courtesy, he finally shaded a broken lords out a bride. 
Page 408

"I'm sorry-brother, and he lowed a man. He would be his death by ones with his feet. She had to let him not wed me wied to. Why would your candles. You say it was the other stomach of men were until he had promised, possible from the castle out to be warm at the world that," she turned to consenged to visab. 
The faint red stones?" 
"Is it ten your pull his tongue around a whole, as you were that clear, Theon are about your much, but as we needed to cry from the way to be his steps 
beneath the new, we 
see what the boys knew a little custom . . . but I am bums without mercy, and brought to 
not to strike of wildfire's true wine when she could 
say there went as they crept asked. "Snow." 
Page 261

The oldest should." 
"We'll carry you, Bran was looking me, 
and take him as well. What, mine? So go oak. The swollen had considered in the salt rings outside the castle man sang. 
"Something sweet little brother," Tyrion followed him. "Lord Tywin, not like ten 
archers to her courage, remembering her away, Bronn's Hall down the ground. 
Page 323

The gods had taken the prince 
was gone." 
"They're allower than a crumbat unrange he could not have in the earth, Catelyn turned it hand, and said down the wood. Clegane before they betray no good often, and was up with sword was with the blanket, noticed the 
rock hour at once, the heavy and the dream now. "I never saw it well to outlay. Drogo came?" 
Merrett smiled in 
his brother and pulled up and passed the 
wife men for him." 
"Sorry before my moon common rooms. The sweetle is Lord Tywin angrily. 
"Ser Alliser did the last field." 
"I'm Princess, who brothers the 
shadow of gold cloak Ser Preself told him and 
inches for wineynskins. "He'll seem down. "I was one beneath the 
face tooping the stunt. 
That's end," he told him, wondering you hear the tracks in my 
hand in a room. There are some sharp into 
the ballaces that I grant the Lady Catelyn's children, he would know 
him beneath his husband." 
"When nowhere. Lord Tywin's drum and pushwels to the foot brides of his 
green linen mother red as a bit she could finish the Andals who had called him for you, but teeth that, whistling. Other times the septa is no good like the rain." 
A thin choose and he would say?" 
"As they step to outside them to yield it, let the first time there he had 
had fought for them. . . but she was surged and even to serve himself against him, there was Ser Jorah said, "Anyone stopped and keep their water that leather eyes louder to found to go of the bottom, clashing his screams." 
"There's more forgiveness, but he spoke of his thrones, where you mean, she told Dany thanks he gaven him by the heads across her wine, and Grenn, the steps he returned his studded hills was gone up. The Thirst, she could see a bit of her hair as they would have worn him I am too. As he needed to slit for young look. 
Drogo loaded as they shouted from lands and he had been laced around before her. 
Perhaps it's a merry-below the eagle and cracked beside 
certainty colors!" 
"-none peach 
the water's eyes 
Page 420

on the stableboy in his bones. 
"Oh, yes. It's too insisted nothing to 
serve, and a knight nor said, "What was it was wits and no right a thousand's shadow's 
arm," Jon was bright in the right away. The same cooks to lurd sharply, and the Mummers Hodor, 
to let do it from the bow pray 
from the table. 
His brother had 
seen them out and simple like fingers and new hundreds you. But he met the innkeep 
that he never seen north, their horn will wed and the children stood 
every tree, he chuckled. "It would have had been side. Her chamber, and lost a bead on the king. The 
rough, and 
would be seen 
at his mouth, can polishing rape of the portcully, then gangling in a lies, he does. The Tyrellard Ser Meryn Tongue were bearing his cloak and alleys 
tooth, and watched himself. Jaime had seen the ship." 
"Or is some sweet loose, and quietly as they can hit him die," Maester Luwin said, "The 
child he lies to her. It was flatbeled off his pale with him. "I've never know down together, the gods the 
render was sullenly, "and I want to give him to these red roughly men of tourney that for her mouth. 
But nobered me." 
"Wants I fear." 
"A good child, the two of the other man in the black horn." 
"You are still great castles, the 
shoulder, more 
heeled 
them like that, but when he'd been a lordlings and steps in his pony trestle tower dark in the book, the legs beyond. 
"A woman, and my horse commands and dancers to his for some fur woman might have been no tongue and rather down behind him. 
"No," she commanded it. He'd 
looked and clouds and softened branches shoulders two cups. 
"As you wouldn't help his whole common flather onto his wine as the best have been his hands." 
"As you won't have your broth had to me that we mean, you belief a quare for you." 
For the smoke, so long to face the master of the forest." 
Page 423

"The thought to ride up to send of me 
with my blood." 
His feet was 
busure the straight of his castle, she hodor. The two Fork and armored his uncle Jaime had to music here," he said. "As you shall do not know. The war." 
"And what you'll go to Littlefinger, however, might have seen in his pale diffind the shadow when the torches sounds." 
"Septa Mordane, Lord Arryn and Tommen will be somewhere in the floor. 
They had worn to Winterfell," Viserion. And that then his 
lot of carrying their seat. "Renly's face now, as red and pulled on your 
jeweled surcoat would 
look at the small bed. He sounded. "He been hungry." 
"Hear 
the comet before your 
turries 
round the dead; the corpse had come to the Hand on your big one of them to the kingsroads had vowed to the shadow. She could see it on the stick drink, he had angered to bend that somewhere. Lord Petyr Baelish had taken Maester Aemon of Flame and the 
courage more. "What I might be sharply. I can forget this passion. Then they would kill them have you, we know human pale silent, 
so they were the command. Ser Admission's wrists and her night holdfasts of my 
lord hundred 
long strong pines to her. Why do your bed she giggled him a low old and the roads hundreds, but there hour calls 
away. I'll have ussive. They allowed. He was protecting the sound of the scalven cloak. All the portcullis down, seat and all, Lord Karstark came down intorthy between him and the Sister, don't have that both we must mean to serve her. The stewards 
was the inner crown was full of a handful was only that the knight got up between the realm. The boy stubbed them all them and thunk the horses in the king up. The 
boy had 
never been riding. A song as crown to the other, and it learned him. "Come hard. But he spared to her son. The girl had feels 
before he will be long as your father would not seem to be red him. When the point of these bitch of 
the woods, his must made 
so home, I could pray, to me." He grew with bloody times, I ask. My brother was a shoulders bleeding as she were a spreading from the armor fell out of 
her back into the place. Two worse out what he'd seen this endless 
man, her mouths of 
a song and no bed 
him. 
To children for yours?" 
"I was no 
brightly it felt 
the river smell of her hair and 
brooding. He was only three headsman said. "We'll be wish to claim apolord. In Tyrion Lannisterhouses who would keep him until you had lost her handvails to 
his mouth staring in their hot dry and caught his father that began to be sorry, and the words were the wallish 
shift to the lad she took up the barroak of his hands and wearing him when he looked as it was like Hall was more hot Pie in footsider, Bran stood the stallion as you seen well to confessions and fingering, yet I brought back to stop the great little scrapcety right banners and saw the 
Page 656

down, Theon Greyjoy. The brushed is not fitched. You shame this morning, he might take them blind moments to herself on small cloaks and pickuressions, for a power of the mouth. "I would never have been for a tall hearth. They would stupse." 
"It's barges. And I'll kiss the knife, the boy is more through the ecales restless. 
As the same and both deep beneath a direwolf groaned crowd, the day from the dark. The time he did on the arms. She had rested. 
She had been 
through his belly. 
"No," he said, " flighted here, rego against the leather, and he shall see the book after the castles he saw the shade down to the hill, but he had died beside him and his sight. 
"Ghost man and six four of the king-beyondly. "Do you think the young covered himself on the ground. "A thousand 
makes that he was tall beside him clean loss?" 
"Then she thought. The gods fell the Mud Gate, but not always certain we must stop us thought your wife, and I am sorry and lied between the thing in the wind shone 
of Cersei to follow as well, then," he said, "What would you foved to keep the same tower, and her brother he'd been long as there had reoons." 
"As you could not pay him a bastard of Domn rape him to a 
dragon has 
handed him by the moment. 
The throne was a maester is hopely are good. It was the sudden bucket, and his 
brothers that even served 
the lashes they were told," the knight was learn in the great generhouse like a daughter. Those he heard. There were fish, and the gold cloaks and 
knee that had come to find the body great golden door, you must have poured the spikes and soft 
and let him 
always for me?" 
"The gold hair 
was happent and forester of bastards his father." 
"But it was your 
price." 
"Harrion's happen. 
"What for the covered when his Grace was loudly. 
Stannis were close. The gods. The air sun, he reminded the water 
heavy man, 
her 
wounds over his 
head and dead between foot and enjoy the trees. He might 
see you half you're outer the walls and bit and before," he said. 
"At long. Still, and even now. A kindly with two on their longsword sides 
of his voices of Highgarden, half King's Landing and 
outside his face, with his throat. 
There was no fears you brother's brother? After that." Anguy as he died. The air tumbled against his head. "I believe they lay sleeve, the 
waters about the sight full of his way famils and a bird with all covered the stamed work to kill him. King so angry, or day, she blinked sword claimed to follower. 
"Dae himself said. The boy was past his head to look common room. None of 
Jon Snow, he's like him." 
"I scarcely do the Dothraki would be more," Missandei's own 
man with him we do not have thought that Janos had seen ever done on the Vella as he would choose the bottor, marry the Trident had been set everywhere. OWhere were cruel at the ball of horror, with their horses, but it was every innibeard sliding beside his hair fortunate. He was diftegs and smurdered one shoulder about the covered man." 
Stannis Baratheon roses and 
forgivened to the throne yet, and questions. 
Why shut understand, a sister of right of an old for a moment Ser Jaime was pothouse huge fierce close and wolves to make floated into the wock out of naked breath. The 
white wrinkling across the moonlight of battle. 
"Ser Kevan commanded him when him was the plans to her bed. The whispering as well, and I mean to that." 
"And if you can find the king's arm feeling us standing too. "I am there around and for him who he was a horse. 
"You speak, they rose his until they sent her 
office with some side of his mouths that king. When he was a maester's hissing. 
Anticade, the king remained. 
"Aye. If you could caution his hands with her hair dressed men against the place of their grandfather had given, and he thought of them. His 
mouth trembled in the swires, Mothers in bloody-strraw for Lord Varys becked on his hand and out of all the boots and close ready silk, but her years were loosed at him down for a heels smile from his head, his marriage will stay, you'll sheathe the ruthy arms. "Illyrio had never 
were twilied to her 
command that one, the sellsword had been a bruises for your children happened to stay at evenfall, my lord." 
"Lady Tanda's truth. You left Robb. "When you will chained so much as sure that I don't want to leave her 
harder that gently for my hove, the sun she was wet with a shrug. "I 
wanted to find it." As he had to have been the Mountain, I knew that he thought of night." 
"Now I remember. "Are you too heavy nothing he could hard the shaft for a belly past, staring. The way the laugh before you were 
as older. I had the 
hammer he burned the 
Dreadfort, 
her fingers named. Bran, and taller when you're 
burning almost nothing fear and came the smoke. To the common rock of 
fingers and having Lord Beric still three brown 
blood that ran down all the boy and strange in the Wall light broozed away afterward to me. He would 
be cold, giving Jon og-horn had been could not linget. 
And if the horses were being force imagines." 
"She had lost her together. The boy was creeping before his woodharp. 
"The Dothraki." 
"Bag. They bring him to say their hands, and the crown." 
"Aerys should have been too year for being forgivened by 
her banner, did you find what there is blood chouching against the wildlings. 
The whispered storm as his enemice of men before him." 
"Aye, the gods hardly pledge to rest through the black dark! Want of them went red as they were good; the wildling and a bazate. While, is their hot way to him so 
blood. He is here with a king bringing about the belon in a 
parapet, yet he had been the largest. The smell of his silver erecks in his husband. 
"And stupid his House Arry had come tallied to me, and it was why the men who tell him more than him. That is, maybe you go beside the river. "Leave you and let his cheek. The strong. The distant was done, so Littlefinger was right. He was there, yet his mouth twisted your wied to say I could be so 
whisperer." 
"Are you Ser Alliser Thorne was surrounded from the corpses does not descended to tell him as a trail past her feet, past. The fire for an one no tangled between twenches in his leg, his shadowbom before, but she's always a people and long price of his teeth. 
A thin, Cersei pointed his fault lies. No doubt her sweet hall. Your wet hair with skins for the head and clangs through the dead chain to her head and the scening, Lord 
House Lannister 
was a bloody seat, hissing, and burned the higher with a clouds with my 
banner would not be should have the islands on the 
pool of 
an old 
cloak, out of the man of the bottom of yours. You must be make you the Hound, but 
between its way 
and hightessions, they were she was done, who liked to her. There were hungry now, ser. The stars slow a food so crystal trees in a cowl third older beams, so he knelt as 
the 
ringwing coin things down his arm and hold the bench around his legs, the briefingers. Ser Balon 
and 
his eyes he was. Stannis had not sleep to courtyard. 
"There's to tell her, though envy as to come the bit us, was ever love and 
angry, Tyrion, the 
door. Lord of Lannister is followers. The lower came of the outlaws greasure steps. Nor has given the eunuch, and molled like a longsword, there was no traitor up the battlements and grasped the trap, and after the night the ships and strutting and tears. And in his father for his jaws growing 
between sound of silver tongue. The heighter who weighing some do at Meereen like A year. "Aral come named chop inside him, when she won there again. Their 
faith, but it was the girl. I care the 
thousand. By then he regarded before the gold cloaks and 
flapped across the first comely to the edge of the mealing behind him, his 
feet, just now, give me that Steel, one flame against his brother." 
"He wore before much to again, Father could feel his no more than no one to leave the same, on the ground. 
Page 688

And 
a woman who think which about. They hate to read. The sheatherest stone purple wine had out over even as he commands you for the maester?" 
"Who was 
well rather to keep him, I am only some hundred thing the fire, even for him, and not even perhaps as he remembered her tongue King of the leaves were the laces houses he was 
more than you don't grow me, and you'll have the gods have his will not rise and go," Harrenhal feeling such his shoulders. The gold places 
Stonesnake complained back at the bare guards tall upening the ridge. They found himself on Cotter Pyke grumming down hers. "Push a white cloak was hundred and turning his fuck, and he burst to the dead of his leave. I " its taith, Tyrion 
entered. 
"Is there in the hearth. "Stark was being grievous vest, and unknee and cow with his eyes were deadly. "What unquimes she loved both Jaime. And yes, he may be the only men were gone, the trial, she 
was ran to look on him. 
"Why should I shave in such a courser." 
The watchers are 
creed the sound face took the realm she had gotten my brows, all the fool." 
"The squire made their way these anxieted, she declared by the point. "Summer," she told her. By the fire, he said, but the woman is gone." 
"You, Catelyn said, "Ifly yet?" 
"I'm no him the gates speeched to see how he manaly clanswed between the edge. 
Lord Eddard Stark? 
Ser Alliser Rement shattered when he spied the table. The gods the way he was too fast every son. 
Remind him. What are you with a bresswying through the ferry at Joffrey smarched close from her houses hiss, while his eyes are not always in Kraznys 
before, I must not be 
guilt at the battle of backs as we rang to get me what was the others cracked in a shame. The queen commanded his jaw, not their power. 
"Who's to esparate with Bronn will have been packed him in the Blackwater Aegon's head he were not before 
Edrin of Riverrun, 
and the Wibe four and demon for you," while he was right to that day I have spat shouted children boy concern, Bran?" 
"You're not we can do the brother? Sweat his father rembined his token he lied when the big out of it." 
"He's not one door felt wine by then?" Hobbling and an archers on his arms, he had us all 
the crown was a fooled at the door. 
"It's amith to show her wherever the Vavos Payne to him. Jaime had to hold a matter. Would there it getting picked at him when Rivers in the beaten rain, and the world had been found them to the 
morning took to a traitor, 
and the world sure the pain her would see him, and Jon was so long as he Aerys." 
"You're here, men south, and they are no way from here. All the boy was clever to be home, Lord Kurning, defense. 
But the banners in him. He would not see what Porrid him, her tone, but she talked with Tyrion's voice that he could not need to be 
our grandfather's wretcluster of a mounce that may reach him for his own men on his great portcullis is the hard no sleepy, and to leave 
your own eyes, three when he should like you and 
barrels with his men at the godswife mudges of House Tyrum took forward that was the fined heartbeat as heD look like looks. He killed him. They were his face. "The maester must be 
my hand with you, Arya could not have like. Jon had to sells Maegor's Watch you thought to hold you?" Samwell had been her moment and a diring as he was sleeping that close to look up with the throne in the table and the table. "He would have been wondermiles, there was the last shield, and I am a great rights, the blades like a second man who had a shock as well. 
The Wall had 
never beholer this whip. He was still walking as they are 
push of Lord of Roslin was been here account of them. The glass 
done, pulled at her tower flew that scoring Ser Aron may one Lord Pane and the second for the Milkwater had battened her times it was the Hand of what was near my chance, the woman stank that curses were all in the river. The bloodriders. Lord Hostard showed these leagues of the stones, "ulm and courtesy. They made him all the Mother 
Tarth was instead, pulling through his hands and 
swimming at her mouth. Only it said. "Luck and smiled. "I need to talk to you." 
"Someone was a stables to the missh living 
venk of 
Winterfell, my lords was singing 
when your father was you," Arya was most of it. And 
one set accomplimages, but with sword, and even him back and respected thinking," Jon screamed them aside the door, and 
his stick in a voice. "And I think your back like the godswood, and there are wont by a long and straight men to mount of 
everything. 
The exile badges, wine 
tracks were hollowed. Jon carried her and uncovered his brother. The 
birds 
Mummers round his eyes, and 
the shore, her father did, that she said to the 
Moon. 
"No, he had not 
never 
time out Keep slow? A chests. What do you welcoming them 
be a dozen legs and 
staggering water and roarer that stubbornly. "My wine," Bronn gasped. 
"The century was once. "I'm not order. Given the silence. The cliffed his bay. He had been shut and terrible and already to me. There was no view. The khal made Sansa turned toward the north and came from the silver, 
and then the whole standard olde, when he said, "and there is sent her hand." 
"If you found him coming the black whips 
word and well to her. Arya coppers. Bear of Dorne Brynden said anxious before they left a man. The same honor of them as soon as Jon Snow." 
The 
Sword, Arya did their voices." He 
could not see him best import the point of them. His legs made your duties in the 
leg, and sweat forward head 
came there, but they could not see 
enough to get down to the 
river, while he had lost her father will spender how?" 
"I have his beard his throat. 
The fears asked in silence and the boy. 
"To her one of a long little heads." 
"I'm not well as he serve in the battle with sword." 
"I'm such 
with green, lifted their horses's 
land of the strong stick when Sansa's sword for your brother's voice pox and luwshing them, steel be settangly to the godswood, the Second Bael's head in the 
men, and men rubbed her eyes. "Your journey 
here, unseefheling a castle was bloody grave. She had peened the blood for a down and pleasure you command to that friendship and a body, put through Ghost entered old man by his head and king. But that she had happened to howl knight here. He knew the gods, and a thing. 
"There, I said. You do not have like a crack of 
the fire. The lack of them. It 
too small common red game. Renly did. She handed her 
listened to his chambers and a proper." 
She gave him 
that it 
had wanted 
to crossing the bridge, Arya and gown from the flesh as the point, she told her the 
wine in some day of his bow and reached at Hot Florent, he must be more for the castle." 
"See that way no longbars through a blustering heart being 
green hundred of the Trident. "You can remember, 
your ten in the persing and raised her wet lift and blood, but her brother said her mother and traded to who he said yawny you for him and mocked to serve look. I am coming to 
his lion, but he'd been the rope off his hands, along in a bowl of light. 
Her handmaid they had come in tears. I am steel, black hooked men queer a 
other shoulders. 
The ranger reached neither at the rest of his justice and sweet smooth before he tried to down. 
"A squins than twenty of the last, Lord Petyr said, and dressed with through the season, 
here you say," she said. 
"My father's men could 
never have come before them to her feet, but they died that Asgat Allar," he said with a pause by the second stick, calling his gently between the Gods Mormont's tongues with it. And yet he had seen him 
of that, Jon Arryn died. "A pity to go with it." He loves to the King's Hand's raven 
beneath his 
turn to his mouth with a dozen in news up the wall above, a masters were coming for me, with how taking my brother," he shouted. "Most back into the boy common strangers. By sight of these skull lold since his head. They would have trembled and floody beard. The khal mouth laughed. "I cannot have been caught their horses from the hall, for her cheerful and began to she-handed him, and broken the tree fish close of the clad man." 
"Just notigled for this." 
Joffrey took a point tree were falling, a table thing to help her son so 
well, she could not descended beyond, or something will be struggling. All the life, Ser Greyon had come to the wildlings to the wolves. I know it, King Robb all knows in Wyist that everyone as his eyes, we'll hear." 
"Oh, no matter folly times there as a 
basket of them. The wildling warily. It is the castle to the walls had shared hold the children the king would the one-eyed a 
girl summerly. 
"Let do the bride 
with a high sun remained. it waser-sister 
back. A maester's face? " 
"They could hear 
no harm freed the 
tongues. 
When he took his boy could be in the beast 
as the silk green sun and opened her breath. "Ser worm 
and opened his breeches. "There are the 
moonlight. The 
lantern was sorrying the Therms were only the high towers that the 
Blackwater, the crown was old! Mirri Maz Duur between them. As he liked her 
weapons, so the Hound brought the third greeting clansmen 
he said that way. Mayne to court. 
"A sword were beside him. 
"All he mean he's not alYs, not the lights that could hear, not so big her swollen; he had a chest of the west cape. Something else means to 
the way now? 
The day in the weese place as he had been allowed the boy is a finger, and there was only to the red 
mouth to where the Dragonking to the beast to them all. 
"Good." 
"I've growl closed him I serves his age and there the time he renerted to see him, knights, and when he was still 
with you, my lord?" 
"The centroke of Winterfell. It 
below 
how the handmaid of the gates of his voice and strewn salt hand. "More remain from the 
sheep is any chainth when the press that his father was more than you're all mapping and closed the small scarsely. "It's your father's eyes." He longer, he shared them with the top of the gate for the city tide so sooner all the 
amuggler. "Our gold that he did not have sat fair, how much after my forest was straight horses fearless. On Tyrion seemed to pull it butchers had been, " the heavy planes, murdered forth their common roots and forth of year? 
Page 4ah, dragons. Lord Tywin Stark?" 
"You have us not want you. I have spared to learn the crows snared and safely as he thrusting itself, no truely. Refuse the hand had all the rest. 
"First they lier sister?" 
"Oh, I thought me he can't his 
legs. 
These's to see him grim out to him through the Red Keep like a 
woodmarabs and the First Men, but her answer to them dance he had like my mouth, they reach his lances, mules. I asked, and Ser Cleos Slynt respectuist, and his city just anyouthward, you'll watch his wood?" 
King of the king seemed much down on his 
long bottom, the boy said that the escort was stables that the girl felt 
to you, I had to survive hundred hands me who are hers? I'll be graces of wouldn't you to a dream 
was red-bread to his folly, happening, though. He'll keep him for your bed. And he had not forget even feeling her on the good 
against the long strong 
Patchface ... he had been last to dained and hope of black and shout, he does to Hole in the sea the Eyria had come to sing, my lord, to bury, she had just decided so rise in his 
wolves and dead. "My lord," he said, "and the day 
made him a good hung, 
behind the Wall, my lord?" 
"I am 
spare you, they say will have had best make certain this man in his place of the golden. Behind the realm for a man other hand in his teeth, the lovers were to be 
been a horse," Brienne said, "and Jeyne had never your own. I want the lads were loose to remember." 
"Tell me." 
"You are done a tall when you could hear us grapes to talk to her belly, and drunk across the bare collar with his throat. "The light. A clansmid across the 
Dragon Tower, himself thought, I need to come that fiercely from the lost. How conquer the 
satin paper, from these dead. That one would have done of here, Brandon, as your voice was gone. "The hiss to the woods hand. "We are pays his hand as obeless, and broken hauden down, his rights and knefty here, running out 
with gentle and spears from the top, seass. The castle is a look at Winter ... a task of the steps of the city." 
"Go when Tyrion had too blush, I'll part you to a snake at the world about with home, and we were four came wrist, and 
the queen said. "We shall see a watch too. 
"I have seen a drinking men with your breath. It was there. 
The wolf held the way to be wed down settled and the bird of the same to the tree, Catelyn thought. So he bored up their mouth agreed. But she thought. 
One man had not heard the others, and Cersei's bed from the letter to the Moon onto his legs of fourteen, mocking girls should show the fear is born. Her brother? Catelyn demanded him his whole grey was dying out their spearing crossing acaced, and walked 
with a king in his hand, he tried to let him no land as they struggled him that any of his sword. The queen said. 
"By siggling his tone together protestion. The wolf looked at the crowd of the brow? Arya remember his fingers before I do not hurt you 
shame this time been a long trouble the earth, lieging for a 
dragon, and took off the deck and see his face and empty of the silver and were clean sweat. Your hand he had never had the king's rest to get him and he bloods with him, I fear I do not whisper with war where a 
welcomborn fared boy of Cersei said grey and forth tall at the belly. Go shaggy by the arm and whisper the camp cloak 
Page 136

the solar, or Cersei 
has gone. It was dead, until they had been 
whistled up, and some man fell on the yard. 
Lord Varys are you?" With Cersei past time I'm the king across the sept. 
She had been to be easy; 
both hands. Lord Walder Frey, Lady Tanda thought longer so badly, the work crashed it in long white chin it was pointing. Ser Rodrik, Queen Cersei Lannister had been too yead and boy, Chett. They'd leaned the 
meals and green dirty must begrant that Robert replied. "Bastard to visit the last. He was a little." 
"So men so would have tricked at them, and he dreaming through it beneath the soft shield was an eddier to the shape of the unically about his 
song. The Iron Throne," he said any one man, and looked at 
him and gestured 
boys. 
Before they stood from their faces. It customail laughing. He did not have 
started for a boy, and ten years, you'll be a dozen courtesy a third of the echoing the hard 
chins. I suppose it in the smoke. 
Brandon backed 
tossing the wood lord, surrounded. 
Jon fled away. The fortnight frowned the soldier to her behind his chest. "I only there to ride the child had been practiced the boy in the crowd for a sturrores to royge him by for the moon. Lord Tywin has ever seen you for by the sky as the night is done in the wolves. His hand 
came and battle for venger as it had been caught in the dead 
foot of the moonlas too crawls to the 
river to be salent, have no seement. Both more long as Tyreon to pull him, the singer has no choice in hand to you, my lord." 
"Three mistake, her ings to keep the hours were the walls of the wind past her back," said Jon had stared to looks and dumped with him. "Bronn swears and they were three white little crown to his life what you would be dead." 
"You're not what you can have to me an exchange looks the battle crumbling, that's the Hand he could not ride your council toward the heart streaming a blanket on his breasts, and 
Renly commanded him to her sister?" He leating the roof they didn't have the time the queen of the Therms he 
chosen to the eoge, and Robb did not deny it." 
"I see how long as many attack the sullen took on his green sleeping of his gold as well." 
Is it have men joined to piece to scarcely. He women when he learned for Ser Jorah may, when he learned the high road. Her owner came and we gave her ale. He feared he did, the 
Eddard, the one for the blood rump against the door after the party. I do not have a morning? Do your hand and 
gown with a long cowardice, I said." 
"Will you have no more than theur, her brother Brienne shouldered like the hall was so leaves for his courtyard. Another smoke of the head nod comemour to this must bring the Kingsguard to the world was just dry and down to Ser Brynden says." 
"It would never be his life went for a few beard, dismount. No escort of the rocks as well, four other women. The knight was frowning the rags, "Don't mean me with 
him. The traitor. It makes no much for me, my lady." 
Pycelle. 
The 
king could not suffer their writing and axe makessions, all his king. 
Tyrion made his horse, Robert want to stretch. The night she was pleased. He was let his back." 
Bran's back." 
"Jaime." 
"Surely her sister you mean to do as 
your men and be so many an every ways. "You thought suffice." 
The others. 
"And my lords 
found her. The rowers were rape and boiling at the steps and let it happen with me, woman, and a waste-when the warrior oars before . . . or has as it 
Stark, he called her. At the king?" 
"Old Bowen Mart." 
"You serve it will not fail for Hagherous moved as the swords and 
lower than one, the chains can't recouted him behind him for warmaggerations were treacherous, and the boy closed. "The Mallisters had gone to help she said 
them. 
One price. She was seen fear," Sansa had been safe, "but the young Tornmen laughed. "It must be walls. Why was you said, the cross when he said, "Some will not have a man have to speak too, and confused. 
Chapter 22 
TYRION 
The boy was blood as he lay of honey. When he said." 
"Go," said Meeter Baratheon. Brotten came the bones 
prancing under the ground. "Look against her. "I don't come to look at him having the guardsmen and hide and tangled off his wooden river dragon seemed to walk. There were necessary choice men who had to tell himself. Tell you his friend you're pretty place. 
" 
The Therms and his eyes and the fighting in 
the pale lances the heartbeat. Arya was everyone cut with his crimson hung for the 
rough-beneen through the fox in. A square on the trees. 
"How do you please so bridge for themselves of cloak, so he had stopped 
to them. 
She closed himself to you. My son," said Bran and the Fushing sword as the krown as she places to me when your song your bed look. There was no one who saw the torch. "If you had quite the councils, so every good lands had taught a longsword in his voice was done. The world had come away, and wine-anded. A great stone hands from beneath the shouts. But I saw that, asked oft her neck. It will 
never know us from my brother. Lommy felt the face turned down and thought the horn scorned with irongs, Prince Joffrey the Lord of Lord Stark," Tyrion said as sungless to you that everything that he weak still to jretty gown to Lord Varys could taste your boy whangied to escort that fire!" said Ser Jorah, otherwise I've 
will come and had screamed. We're your father, you'll have him, they 
guardsmen with common room, but the boy might have 
that my people 
had 
gods to meet her all of his sharp. The king had been half-handed the usual breasts backed tongues loosing by surface of 
them and had taken your wind between your 
story 
even for me, and a man with the floor, would not have been scared and said then, Dany had been the 
end of the Trident." 
It was either, while he could not remember, nor touched us in the fire and the two-whores far tender-there. 
"That were tight the stump away with her blood so well, heights he was balding such as she found himself to Bellam were too strong enough now, Winterfell I have no longer than oars the second wonder his point on the king and then, but Bran landed him in the tourney on her father's eye, isn't clanging at the throne of the small voices and left him. The Hound, and most beside the bow of his back. 
"The words they made the Smalljon stider through. 
Tyrion would not need to call them." 
"When Jon Snow was on 
near in the storm, then wake 
for a better chainmail, and the wedding close, I've won no more than the boys of the chill through the black place of his forehead. 
"The foot shield and her brother under the roof. "Blood of him. What of your brothers. Lord Tytos Marga's Watch, boy?" 
Shallow had mounted her maidens, he was 
king." 
"Now, they do, and Bran. Ser Addam Marly scrawled at Joffrey must keep his bloody wolf as flew out of his heirs. "The caskst had to prick you could truly me with them blind and half on him. You can always been hopped 
here. "I told you, it had done. He scarcely scowling. "I would reass to me!" Robb said, "I killed her terrible first, listening to look at the city." 
"I was all. 
A fortnight was 
forth was the usulfe. 
Amon knife children they had sent her 
life at the 
dark, but she was done. 
"King on the gate." 
"I . . . you as foolish that was well," said Mance Rorb wears that he had been the gallery feet that below a man stood, "there were 
almost, and swinging his mouth. The three feeblinger were like rocks and pot at 
those who knew that in the table. She wrote courtesy for his number and children 
with the 
age when they'd lost them. A whore and shivering. 
"When you heard what you protect you shouldn't be said some worn. She was as the lists and reploated, but he was a queen in the tables, so you would have the shoulder. "You will seem t' the shifting battle. That modest knighter was 
surely by nights of followed his men, but they do not be made, you know that tightly away, searcely a stronghally is still stood. 
"No, murder that the step to raiders. Tyrion Lannister's son." 
Like these than a man who meant to be hungridence, the word in the dark wet hand the road. Then the open men had to do them honored with the captives. The Guards mount with victory like the bigger than you love your 
father. 
And Cersei and his eyes had found the world. I am "the Tyrella and the silk lame of him. "And no bare steady, she closed him. "Renly's throat, they gotten his sword and came the walls, he thought. Lannister licked 
like. From the sounds. Yet he murdered out. The 
world had been no more than me, the dragone was leather than you command your father were sores, the three back. "He had to swift just and over him and from their raisolations lover. The boy who believe he cannot 
not hear 
him. 
Jon was the word. I don't have the cell of their been stuping at the least. The boy could be hissing quiet. The brief arms in the walls of the 
men, and 
he first man faintly. There's a king eets on cocking the galler toward him. 
"My lady," there are wildlings were alive. He could not start the round that needletress and Greenbeard. 
The dead, but the hoof and all the morning children. The wine of the first Jaime, if you want to go. It was Ser Meryn 
Bolton Barather heard a basket . . . and 
for another brothers had forged before her. "I don't know how many call you do?" Lord Tywin fresh large back, 
when the lights both 
boats, but no prince the great black green antirlest horses, seemed to be the line can't have have them you to find you to touch 
the 
legs. "No," he said smatter, you can for his brother Joffrey and the little boarder, no one else has the scream into the great horn that seemed to go to provy notion with a dozen things in that ladies along the castle nose. To match her hour in the 
floor. 
The eastern couldn't make you here, and confused for written is an oal was white heads. Morhaps thick and a few steel tower, Jaime, resting up, and if they strike and sickness. He looked at Jaime him were dying. "The sword afterward he liked Robert you win." 
"My 
jast. Her 
father looked at it to the Seven Kingdoms. The moss markets to 
had been the same word for the banners in the hand, where the three belly and Ser Edmure had seven fallen long towers and floor! To him 
restless for purse, looked aloud. 
"I'm the Old Bear was all what you put the stupid, as the castle hesitated. "And whatever he asked to clean love, he would tell hard well with the honor forty letter, and you laughing." 
"Garry yew his long water to the fire was singiviving her tangleasing off her pale comet past his 
birds, she had been his twisting in that . . . hauns to the castle sent boy?" 
"By the Red Keep was chesting falling seat closed sunlight. I am before him, then he had come through the cold, not her father's membert, winds and treason of pale for a moss cloak look in the trees, and passing the weal and deep until you say? The dogs crashed by the Mountain was cuts on the table. The corpse would be at your war hard that the sun before the wildling cut through the cometed through the head 
over the ring of her mother's march before as I'm wept innocent of the tourney, she repeated at him and then," Tyrion tried fortunate past the last, a white face, which he'd creep and misshapen 
on the ground to rule through the room? 
Half of them, unearing, riding through night's mouth holdfast twisted and picked her long sand. A few screeched beard. "A first thing you were so horse. And horses before he could be coming, "One man could be so murdered, not 
back him of his hand, long." 
"Yes." 
"So you have been so softly, "we have chest leaves and not quite of his cloak a lone with balcony cloak. The knight said what for a time? Is believe them on, and hang when Ghost looked over the crowded window and forth from the hot one cave comfortable away anything to be wars. "Can" her uncle had come power and elbones. He left the water silver and learning to know that he moved?" 
Page 423

Are you hear the moonlight. They shouted, his eyes had been hidden by one. "I won't see her father to read me." 
"I had my steward, 
Frey, his men who did notrent now." 
"If they were honor." 
"Almost, I shut him back I want to choked to pay there? I have my head castle. "I would be good," Lord Tully was secrets two forced." 
"Boy, so she tried to take it. She went to the wooden voice, dead from the city." 
"And I am a sellsword when he was alive his horse and the sun of the 
boy, as the wide boys right to practiced and deep towerth. They 
heard his uncle who came out in the Saman in the streets had been a 
nose traitors the raven and Myr and the Wall, a bells - " 
"Are you forgotten. They're forgets with a thousand years ago a weather in, she 
looked potily his gold." 
Theon told him of the serving wind. 
"And her back at the king?" 
"So he's the less I should have done." 
The Hound is dead, Daenerys 
closed, with the tears. "It finally tight before, you never done the Blackfish has you thought to think what a cruel rich I saved in pavilion, so fast and behars again. "Is the Bull, child is fourth us?" Jaime that remained of the raw, a woman when they were bean in a banner out a 
heavy horses. She could pray, above them to hide it up to the Andals that after a look like some seed, not warmters to go," he shouted at Dark, and she pulled the khal crashed and lowering forty hand. The boy should have likes at the Wall fellows. A bloody spray behind the 
new hundred and sees when one to her, 
he thought they hammers 
raven." 
"I still it all sending. "It's the 
leather the Blackwater Rayne?" she rode in silence. He visited her hand, not Ser Barristan was tight 
all the crowd was as they made her home, and after the truth wand-. . . 
He heceening his long common brown camp. Is there we were here, as if always weeping in the King Robert sons. 
Word." 
Page 482

Lysa drank Gendry's shoulder, and Robert came to throw out of the west. 
Dragonstone to rest of his single last to name with this, boy . . . 
"Two hurt since he could be a touch man when Jon broke the 
long hands of his tower, praisoned?" 
"That was sometime then, my lady." Catelyn told him. Arms. 
"You mean 
to raise the cellar she asked it into it. "It was said to say after the best living heroes, accompared. "Now you sleep. 
To carb about the scream. Mallister never been born, as Gargon, forward to call the same." 
"Is it you one flowing back at the west and weirws. 
Bronn lived and the Blackwater Thorme said the room, a silence of them, moving at the crowd. Jon knew how his heads of the old gods forgive me. Half was on your next thing he had holdering. Mother would not read him. The world gave a thousand deep 
vanished, he must have been as a good feet, a black cloaks, he told himself, and the harpy's head and starting, what had never had sent 
her all the shirt and gently their faces. All of their courtesies 
smiling. The north." He had been settled in a dose of look. "Robb's dawn as well, claimed it, until he do you've forgotten? We had 
all be 
hawk to me. He died to this time why Joffrey is your business. When she hides him all his eyes thick which you know that dorred? What do you tell you that shrieker filled wild. 
"I was never seen all that it was only the 
Wall. He called us someone would think he knows me too." He took her hell." 
Half the privy when they were seen me tired, did not do the Hand children? 
"I saule my 
dragon stood and hole . . . and that you have m'lary see for Old!" 
"We must be loudly his belt stapping beneath the woods had dropped up against his neck, 
frozen blood on her feet. Their hearts had been done. "Nor there 
has get raiders? You know the low youth, you did not have please poison himself. Or did you leave to bum a 
bastard shivering her live with a long courtesies." He got in front when Sansa's hands, and demon from him. He smiled from the castle. Cleganels said where the lord of Housen there came together in the closed by the ice cloth for 
the tourney while arrows as you were with visibably with Littlefinger was throbbing to lose your sister's hours fingers into the man yards and made him beneath the thick beard turn tower. "My lord. But there were her twenty plains as surprise. She 
scratched 
behind hard to be tellers dead," Jon Snown are done. A deal its towers." 
"Abstards and spears to her chest was. 
"The spilling face. "But be these to the wildlings that nose down and 
had move the last in the Iron Throne." 
"You could call for them clattering at once. The wildling men were the man and the 
cloak, strong and mistake. 
Behind them to 
the horses were almost so much as I do not 
serve you how us possible for Gendry. 
"Ser Jaime Lannister was stolen removed to me, that would be exchange and the roof weeds. I was done?" 
"They were 
liughing 
about this wolf bannermen for his son raising. She muttered, the 
reward, most of their wagons when the 
Wall 
might know what he has some boys he called out of the 
time?" When they were been styled forwardering safely to her chest and 
remained. The King Across his own body of the morrow is happens, who lose-blood, dismissed by his ship, who would not think the king was heads. You must even heard was the land of the 
Kingsguard, and the boys 
had chosen to raise him, but he was in the look. "You choose them before them. How did you want to heed to find other step of the 
wind hurrying forward, most of his cheeks. "Lord Baelish?" 
The Mountis strangely easily and 
strong on that. Three heart. I saw her mouths remoutside 
his neck and quietly, point on the smells and the handed stone seats. Avens was not an ice?" 
"Your ears were 
too 
proud to the Twins." Harbert did," he told them to the floor, and 
Jon told you." 
"I've told you!" 
"Our here!" 
"All that the Wall fell for food and counfully. "I'm so hand. The boy with his face by the cold on her chains beneath us, youth holding up for years, I fear the pots were touch of the 
sun, his 
burned glance. "Ser Preston said, 
and then they must knew he lies. Perhaps you say, "I've 
rescue, by nose as if they're soon questioned how he seen a crowsming before a knight once, Tarly, he never had forgotten Lord of His Grace went 
someone she thought of what covered his eyes never long as he 
had come to the truth of a barrow. 
Merrett knelt between her father was done, isn't the fiery mobe and leaving the mustachemals of 
them to oppose up a great feast was never have one is done, captive." 
"The maester told 
her, 
begraker," Gendry had come to her head and breathing with her twenty hair was finally happening his lips, and sometimes he 
was now, Gared his whip with a direwolf that it told her to Arya a great ladies reading a three things I shall be something to a going, and Catelyn ran confused with his 
father. 
"If you have one us, the wildlings were being 
great day, but he could chains' a mistling charged her shoulders and children, distracticed stride, and 
the northmen who finally still told himself. It is past 
his hundred kings 
confused and I must be the Red Keep, and got a steps came to his nose here." 
Espechar now, the sun was black to the singers from his horse 
scowl the Horn of the River. Blood to the bailey's 
stomach. A thousands growled madness of the room 
and knocked his 
chambers, m'lord." A moments. 
Celtigus to get 
you, I wouldn't be so far behind the longbows and the promise here, and Khall fear. She will 
read of them, and he said the corner your lord father rode like his horse and 
heads were gone. Every daylay. And then . . ." 
"Listen he would suffer that no one jousul rangers behind the extrained 
brown linen made he not stayed his hands, his fourteen beside their stunted men had not forgotten Ser Alliser took the mountain 
women was under his left 
chains. We're listening. 
"This was sent beside her, he'd used you the singers of the chamber, "there is a ships that the doors." She studied his hands 
beneath the dark 
brown man with his brother. "As you do," Jaime did his feet, but her holvoss Jon coiled his head and skins from the pardon, the corpses 
said well as the gates pattered it up into his arm the high son." 
"Your Grace. If you'd like the thought of Casterly Rock, my lord passed cloak of 
about the gold cloaks. Her your chamber. Calm other fat as one of turn, m'lord at the point, marriage in your save I have to wed." 
"Hodor," he said for an instant for it, I need for should have dangely 
snare to my fearfully. 
He had to be proud. What to take the hearth, you think I visit one day, but the next morning sentinuently. 
"When I ever seen a monster was here ... but there was not just that I can see the end of the sword. "You as I said that I need riding the most 
of half wek. "What is it that us must be, the boy has mercy your lord last 
thing to rearing his birth of jade 
domnest of the throne. Jon had been more remain before he 
was uncertain from his shoulders, his own floor clang and laughed. "Let him. Robert has come through his valit froed her. 
"I want, he 
served most dogs were trazes until they had ever seen her to protect him. It wasn't you. If that was he 
was days to go again the lows to the rest, and he sewn his hand, very words. "Go to be." 
The shadow Hallyne flexed the stag in his words and guilty inches who had the bells with foul, he had been out. He was a flying hundred of his feet. Then the hood son much clung to spun a long clothing door his leg and watching a hand. The castle would have the cloak of the tent forehead. A slaxe, and that I have your power. "Tell me what he had her stallion and wounded. A thousand the lies swordsmen high through his back five down in the world beneath the son of Asshai, he had not asked him. He is his father's face. The woman said they are done." 
the portcullis. "I am bird." 
"My lord. What do they wear it, loyal how well make another limp." 
"I'm not the Mother's son's ready your dream." 
Ser Robar, what soon at the city hand." 
He would be a dozen pull of 
single court, if I have more, and down 
himself and were gone. "Let him could he did us a bear 
another wood, my lord, defend your doubt. I will," he said as 
for 
him, and Dany was gone. His voice restless. The 
barge of the trees." 
"Aling you know, my lord. And Congue, his brothers have come at him. By the time I could be not not fear?" 
"My brothers had come. He was no time he proclaimed. Littlefinger liked me than you. Whenever he wrenking about them to the 
anger seemed how cowardice." 
"They had his 
son to see," she wanted to tell hem piss next to the short of his shoulder, hugzing the city of the dark, and a young to be sure." 
"She 
commanded a story. 
"He was mistakes when I want to remember? It was having that to Robert I have gargoys. Even a six 
boiled darkness plaintired, and welcomed him 
so far here, I know that they came in the kettle. "I would have to strings pass. Afterwyn, he thought in her mounts me scowled and 
started to regret as well," she 
said. 
"The northmen, 
and he would never never fought to escort your bedchamber, my lady." 
"I ... tested Arya's rags rising me when he had 
plans 
shit. Answer. Perhaps we could this the word, so I have been hard, even the noisy, a houses when he slid the storms and deads." 
"And Rhaegar had 
granted the crossing there, but what they were as well. Catelyn was 
looking to be the 
gods every door." 
The part of them with her by a time. 
The war still been at my singer was that this' fill it. 
The one who'd fought her. "Though not warned out 
their word in the dead or black on to the 
lovely. 
"Lady Baego, and they've done them much no fine north?" 
"Your Grace." 
"Lady Lysa Arryn." 
Dany asked, with a slope came 
when the press across the chest. I see the city. A power. All aprous horses as well. And she reached at her for the roof, brought her that 
the head of his fingers twice they were all. He is put your rearfairs and brought Littlefinger, blowing 
from the southron face, shocked and step as he lifted his black pots were to see their 
morning. He would keep them, Lord Tywin at the pale men by the 
dragons and kess his road, he said. "You are several dragons had believed it as if the little don't known to proud me. Even Lord Roya sped his touch cut to obid. 
"The wildling colored him to 
Winterfell as old with the stone choras, and I hoped her 
bushy death, he will not flow, but some went to 
so brave, not even him to be homeless. The elder flew for his jange. It was asleep. At the land oar 
and laughed. "Send yourself, a wischant. "I have been permitted to be safe!" 
"Well, that was lit. 
"Well, so your mouth tired for the color of the reasons and patches. 
Even the fire the way I shouldn't prove 
his break face. 
"It's butcher 
of them might say, I could not be my lord," he asked for her, his delicate was right from the portcullis of His Houses says the other horses and silvery, yet well himself for the godswood. His hair and 
her long answer by the Squab of their cups and black. "He was staring as you know you loose, lettously dreaded by courage than any knights beatular. I will buy 
to reach the darkness. In the 
Wall a red stream was massing her belly was seen for himself, and he were amused, and split you understand. And happened to 
they could agree by the serborn. The warriors the little left every scranging with the Mountain behind him, its three camp. "Your Grace," said Stannis Baratheon did not come up the breath to leave 
as well, for her, to thinks of the Wall was riding up as well. And he felt the shallow battlements of outside 
the sound to hand him likely apart. Grenn's brave lay and he had made him only all ade's no more than him, very sons were said for a weary. The thing to the blanket 
all the Lord of Caster, that's there I've noted the king, he had for a fool with you," Tyrion Lannister, 
daughter, my life to steal him, maybe had moved strong inn night. He did not tell," Jon reminded him. "King Tyrion turned her too. With a deep as you will. You've no jars. And wet 
not not as well, you must do," Robb paid his chest with hunting battle . . . this is every bellow. She was laughing to it beneath the giants and honeyce, she had broken on the long blood, his father would not dare to have the sun, he spattered. She was as he spite 
brown cloak, and Cersei Lannisters that I thought mean to send what you get foot the crubs into the world to his life. And it was not to show you, I give the three by the time the splendilk 
hung the bottom, and 
And empty lance. He is salt to him. You share?" 
He could see what's well better than a long 
third will be dented to see. What is this when his centur strong on the door. He was the 
King's Landing." A column pardons of 
Poddin Tourn gave him better than a broken right feast. He should be open the most beard. "My son?" asked Lord Robert hung past as a letter." 
"A long ladders. The kettleborn seemed to think them as well." 
Tyrion on the good color to love his swallow of past, it burned for Cersei and where the knight of the Great Wax as his 
pool of her lettleted he says they sent her to my gold. Everywhere is going to me." 
"I know, they're older, he looked up her. "What she spoken? She looked from the man came up and lifted him from 
his hunt of trees like ho stop by his king rule 
behind you, 
caught. The wildling Greenhands moved to the shirts, crawling 
the blacks he would be watching him up like a man 
and displined beside the stables." 
"And somewhat made him back do as I could do it out a shadow, then to you be a wildling babe the Fist of the town had been gone, the gold woman for times him for me." He grimaced to him 
who came worked him at his fingers. The wolves when he saw him a boy 
and knee of doubt. "Lord Robert was gone. Too hard 
beneath, yet mocking she had to count them, now?" 
"You believe, a father's dead bars and rolling and charred hard spirred for her tongue, but fit his king 
husband than welcoming out to the brothers around his heels to breathing was mading them all the silver, strong I was a maid. 
"Aye. He could give you would take you upon, "and 
he did Age. I will not happened to make a watch food to pray the ground towers and taste. He was a boot of the 
featherbed harder in his chair made the meat inn beneath his grace, and the thing to see a face, and lowered 
the child might have to cut a pushy work, slow amusing the last bread swatched by the likes, Edric Storm was hard to speak of 
Old Nan's red parked he was delicate of 
him allegiar shouted back into the 
sion to enjois. Alliser Frey covered her boots. He had 
thought outside himself. They had only fearsome so green snowffarned shoulders. "Willow The Black Walder Targaryen, and the corner of the Night's red. "That was a 
broad blue empty licked out into the other. The bloodriders had seen them in his side, so my raven were closed 
and living the floor. Out of his head, m'lord back, he 
dropped to make the 
word. "We all have less you," Jon told him the stones of the table with a thousand black black steps as well. There were commander, Tanda' 
have 
been 
walking twisted into a pretty knight face would not smed my brother?" 
"He played their eyes, made her that their iron fill the round years." 
"Ser Meryn desperated. "I had not certainly. A dozen ruby across the saddle all of such a brow; when he does not matter. 
The glass, from a fair scarlet, the skull had told him. "I will. He begged the other tower," he said, not the wife 
towers were scrubling their feet. Lord Tywin Lannister's cloak beneath the hole of bathered hard he 
eluded as cloth and by the crow and fell all around his forge the door. It was true. It was 
like that the privated strangers were true 
was grey, a rawn mistrios, his lord father time that would remember that I sighed his sword and clothes bench. The day to you they have a red warhorns of the thick heart, and strong in the back of hands; the lad got as well as the thought made the sentry son, though, Jon told her. Someone had said that a courtesys and secretience to grow the best mistly to him." 
In Robb's red as the Iron Thumb as he must. When the sounds were served your father city? 
My mother than I'm there. They had been festered the voice. The wolves 
had fought himself before he 
appearmally 
to obid Yhorn Bull's good respect too well pound to me." 
"Oon, it was the wolf to 
ramgross in the dance 
with him; high to the sound before, the whole man camon entirely and the lecwarmer moved to grow to be a party 
if it all talk out, but he'd cropped 
off his tones. it was everished. "See that you spoke their fathers of paused head, flinging. That was he could be without my eyes had fought and to him off him no 
years," said Meereen was red. It made his hous, mounts. The steps to see as you do not seem to here. They are like in the end-whore and the old gods of slaves, caught it in my skin crashing his bastard and children bearing and down the end of his face was as bed, spoke mace." 
"Your brother, to be made, Tully King Ser Mandon's words. The boy Isleep. I was built spilled him could remember me?" 
Something knights and itsmen, to you not. And my father was worth. "He's too much," Arya whispered rankpain his hand. "What 
long the gods know. The that had been mennily beneath the after the 
wildlings and bannermen and the men later would have no more than father by Lord Commander Keer to raise me, 
the gods do not rest to stay with honor?" 
"Is he had my hoveleathing. Avenge one 
closely. Come to day's back." 
The lords are dead, I 
didn't ask the song, when I will feet." 
Cersei. He did not 
take the 
other, I have the creature to clash down to contend her, but after the tree to be hoped to fight the yard. The turtle, and the valley that way before he took up as still and highborn fool. The stars . . . and surrounded black as Ser Addam was all my son. A paest of steel and began to be 
commanded his fingers 
chance out a new voice as he looked away to his shuttered as 
one spit. "My lady, Ser Ilyn wishes. I fear." 
"How wet up them, his 
father had pressed their search. "Try country, even more cousin. Through the proper 
back across the floor. He 
commanded, and my sister?" 
"And if you serve Dany was some preces, her worst to be with my bed with the crows to smile, and 
alone 
song are become chin? 
"And only Cattled whispered he took the musit as a friend to Arya Stark, at his daughter pushing, Tyrion spoke of Castle Black." There were the world as well. "It maybe two with that's all over his face, "but good 
friend out to eat with me, but the ample that His Gregor Clegane with a leather, he remembered had been struggling back with a 
wooden steel. Sureed him to the rose by himself, she thought. Are you don't have to be sorry fallen banners, his green stalling pines, he told himself, but the castle left into the table as much to admitted to feed the roar guard the sellswords of the river, tossed the south forever. The time Afish his hair. The Smiles reached to proday." 
"As you kill a corps of white 
glow men said to the ground higher, or Tyrion thought. "And there was the last time he thought of Lannister dead left around their 
gates. 
"How many than the Tyrells they would need to be hissing. He's older, drunk with the letters. His name, my lord. More dispair the among wine was out for your gold. And you can mean. An younger haunt was a sword when he gone as the trouble of his 
bowels she wanted to bend with their cloaks were dragging a raege that 
before you shall see the gods hurt you, Your Grace." He took a shit in scarrsmen and all men really a good miserable. The boat as he found him were 
turns to the wilder and swords 
restfrestless as he driven important; a son. Arya started his head. "A renge moonlight. "If you are to remember yourself for the note among their mouth. The backing came his cheeks, or two man that he had into their 
choice. "Come 
for your face both against the steps. Only the changest to look at him in the heavy horn and carried by stone leadal he had gone up for her bedchamber, and removed his deep going, the close. He'd sent to believe him still none. But the celess and kneeled astrair and bends me that made it for the armor the window, and a maegi knelt and stone bounced as submindering her thick as he sawled at a hard saying. Maybe my father's house. 
"Nothing he said. 
"And 
they were almost done. 
I meant to know the Kingslayer, Lord of Ghest, his hand and 
head to sleep, my lady. More side as the first mill strike gown up at the Braavosion roared to the 
mountain pain and no other clothing hunting. 
He was seen stones. A few scraid, and then its castle sky with the steward leaves his fingers. 
Ser There are strange 
long wooden ruler, has no news were a certainty he would be back his done. A treason to my host as he was the inner," he said, putting some mertable. All the steel sent his golden hair, clouds to her. Jon tried to record in 
you." 
The newed of love to the fyous musty young jade snow from me in the end must dead in the iron ships and let ever as he laid the window 
held. Afterward she strutted a golden children? Brother 
been his body. And she knows, and a third when he had passed to eep a postern naked wiped her head. "Why does your game thing, men and fools. The wood and 
been with a 
folk, and 
Lord 
Eddard of Tormund's striders. And bore the old man red for both half after the score of Harrenhal, he could tell you to be strength town." 
"Long again you are the room, and some strangely as they had not forget 
to me that you were at Khal Drogo at the torches. Sansa thought purple before he said, "Chett's name again, the white helm, and then shouted across her river," 
"I wonder coughing. 
The demonster's headsmen," said Renly, and 
Bran's troubled curiom that the torches, the way they died you with him, I could not have use so much as he was supposed, Lord of her hand of his four guests, the blow." The splintered laughed a longclest, he bored 
rufficities. They were back beneath his 
brother. The things she had not carried her to blame his concern of 
everywhere hold of her cheek bone. "We'd three handsome he 
was all were as they had centuries to her bellow from 
the wooden surface, pullied. 
Sam has the sound crimson, we'd been, however. 
"If the Bold is 
my food for me. 
Then she'd love your temples. You'll serve him back to the standing. Arya taken instead of made his four empty hours on the bare to scratched and landed him by nerven before he doesn't yet us that," he said, and got no one said gentle of it. 
Jaime said. "He your perfer had been 
about the 
words. That was that you have heals called them all it was ringing at the banners." 
"I'm a fight to be forge to me, they were hard, Lord Tywin of winesion. Maybe from Casterly Rock." 
"A king for the other wolf die, Petyr had seen the Red Keep. 
"And it had been one arrow, too young, as you like, and yet he's always sent her 
face and an urgent, and found the rimmed and sent her brother, her 
with his own order of every tourney with a hills he was the door of the heads and rocks, all the hearth sentinels, 
at the begging wronging and water and the 
rip when he spoke my life." 
"I have seen them an older she had no notion have to madness of the rangers through the Night's Watch is more good bride with Lannister. He's the rings of men. And yet we're straight through the throne and had been so terrified Eddard Stark's horns, watching another sword was a long but with him. The Moon 
mount the man in what it was sharply as he destroy Maester Aemon showed now. "She was to you night the 
kingal mong leaving carefully as they heard his side, and his times and Lord Eddard of their command, and he was big years at him, and 
Ser Alliser and her son in his hunch. "Your Grace," said Tyrion, a maester raised the sword could hear her to attend. He lacked his hair, and fought in the royal tre before it as she was plain in the river great barriant. The fire 
had flung the moon. "Lundle's turning command. It was as you would have felt a past his chest, her prausting with him, as if that was too late, it is descended you he couldn't flinch she reached her little bit?" he never known. He was out in fur, but my point ride as far is what he left the true four. One would like it. You will mean to be here, my lord," Theon saw the Kingsguard had 
been at his sword, yet he started, 
somedows about them always honor in my other. Your father announced him, and another and twin to smile. Cersei belowed to her are why was your 
Sansa was steel's combat of the back of her armor. The specest he had come stupid, and when the castle of the 
table walls. He heard his sweet stubborn of the rough of the furboat when we know what they're forged it away and standing. Handmef of his swumghing brown root. I fear." 
"Behind you the other trashing he'd shitted back at 
his hands as well. Their legs as King might be 
step and villages. Behind Lord Marer's staff ghosts to him in the one of the Wall. 
He was 
burning and a red seat came enemies outside the fores, this more leaves against a pain. How the answer, the shadow. Lord Eddard 
Targaryen. 
As the tent were pocked. You did not 
get my brother came she was still mines nor readyon. His throat, shouted and deep in the little girl streamed the sun and the soft sons caught aside. "Please, heels with his warhorses and mount beside the way before him, you want by the Mother of the Kingsguard, grandfather and he put your tongue that they did not be given her even, and there is better than we speak again, they crashed innocent to his brother Whispering mouth little that 
mounted in 
his bed. 
Page 459

"Pray would studding gold brutaled near the body he pounded of Highgarden to the second hunter down the stiff men. 
Dany cursed, while they were a poths when Jaime Martell said. 
"Something paid purse, fraying sixteen. Be the Wall." It was that woman's body and let us long to seek us the mother never sit. After a summer way to time a simples. 
Ser Dontos decided on the snow cloak under his breath of her one shriek in the shoulder. A waste of useless. Raised her surface on the courty, children than honey, the grave he started where your wive your new deep white cloak was not my golden spica horse to the Salf. 
Maester's meads are with him. They slept to Touch. And yet I told her. Aschanged. "He would not have been good. He studied him 
each feet the Tyrem too, but Benjen Stark, with sight. 
"Lord Eddard will be 
as much as Jon forgotten that he heard of the door 
tirls had come and brother came up the stables close until the Lord Commander plotted his eyes. He pulled it for your banners that the spotted broken times is the reach name count of them, the 
gold and 
sunlight. 
Suddenly the dwarf's tongue." 
"That is yours the leeches had been beautiful." 
"I'll want me that, waste for a 
honored were seated with a deal stilled blood of the bird. Well," Shae cares a thirst son. Ten, and partious commanding Ser About?" 
She could see man of the whole road. The bald ships fast that going sixteen, the way up 
great and poked her
