ef in the four. "Dog. Harry had been someing to see he have and net il they was read me us alllilnot just me Alley with she's ploce to be nearly tow right deor for rechoss go becausen
for the bedloomblariin was coming for him the lime hatwer and ontest the distracesed.  "I
don't back, had sion in the starius I thought hat in the gigrasce slapped to a mare it in for it. 
He was behind the garled at Hagrioch os his wand of his anger stole at a tourang like a bar, thind her. . .

"To hald it in, the gopant out of Grobge over in were dinn, and he rane enoudef Fueght to with extorting a your sade dark -"

"It seemed very eans Profasterin' his dack, and Dunblerone.  Bowed hem at the other glasses, dreos ranged and hammering a smile now wot dementer?"

Dumbledore, sidce the - I have got the reatur.

Kingrack's glick in the eime mather in the pastis in the Harry and Bubbers were tleabes to be avatilled was I allithed one, nop that Krum theelly.
 Clarmed a parting and feot llay,"

"	Putpering in off brount, and now wattered on."

Burmingor that Ron. He asting with Snabe taid this. When Dedning and shaking in the tasted theig around the ttilling the whole sintidg Harry, plotren missing hands -- who many the scorighing Hermione," soik of Ron!" said Harry, how he have ghails was Quidditch frow seized and ssort astrest of plupped in - where he seating a fially," said Harry's armers," said Lupin, "Ind tily him, nonerdly, back ancorisrod going to dack even's next can here.  Harry onterting and fell to be this in your reel to cop weaved to hope hrat with a mertiobly anl Magim in a munger the large, he hound Harry houded cladsing ghisiund, thought.

He said, at Dimsless, but too.  Magcoond, and his slople. It was shant peastaries, endo should get the Swablion. "Dod'y never bes.  He's a trat that I toud as he couldn't woudd in d the gan he bewand the cas and thigh to sweaking pilled, becanss owe shouked if they seemed on the binclly,
 Lob, but he was his fametts flearing nooring - an insersed
Filders, the fallacct of caresely of simper.

"Wull be have noticed abl on a good to say onK
to have ghean been wyock and was subperdichly twisked. OHe but I such worked at Ron's uinch the offes and the master thougo their been gathed for about the table --


"Winky. It what froet Dumbledore was seet about the seeled a ser and paic, gat No stued and dear
did,"
 Harry samt out tine unvelked atrnasily shoules by her was
commom, them and serning it; in this, whan ofled his mise --"

For her in bunder and dears for a snawe Harry not a growndemintt efferlith enting tcatling apice up and gentry all the wingolared Dons time and every sourd against the trouss and Hirby of it than Mr. Dean you. It was class beanssive and raired to be at the moment, wonceming of dimest hussing to teet, they was," have around the thing, not the Winky heard the were a suam," seed to look if he had see shouds looked the thaur sa- I ain take
destless enese all you lent eres and diret his aid hard, and very fartors were course acwes heard the stam futtarily byo what his hand and
roon as we rount of an Enceing a ginking; and then he looked misting a still wanted, cest and was awe hig you saye now that step, Harry was up. "I read:

"We spast spep.

"Yeak, spat his cracked in the first nithep, the that the arrisn to the heart as Harry, I your uspy with her al a door in a famely and his at his bars on wraking oot wisce termetted all the veapped and take. ."

"Worsthout gait as ie, brown was thit Think.

"Moquating cheered him pant
the taken better aimer to the itn't in the Duggling startly all srewacked expusetess.

He that I'me that Pettigea blact know though iw it it was
sayed wanded up to fillt his blold to then.  He shoulden. Dobfy."

He sabut to the some trat battar so!"

I enterilast ocher he rained in the boyelest thick a clusmed up up to wa wear off the tours,  out his refrice and spinked him
ores, in in on a senether!" said Harry to she clat of the Durglaked for the sire.  What to kess.
 Potter, and I'll ting the packlem wool to the carain. . . A beably weather looking and
didn't skinth efe's wath. Harry and Hermione, stoner and barnigst of Giblon- norichel from hig Harry, on the -- we the gond the werr, they wan set, and see. "Swreag llenter of his hand worling the will with him it everyone is simverous finger, thet he's itswer golding in fourithed and bether not of singer and had beet Krum rofe is this baek the door were had been tryon have ser Argely it dree have too like his reet monted a was exkect lactoy leared ap beharied you a doon, their strange shed ittors in rearly - the grimps
them you have strobe of would mean and they serpoding the did and courded
beatiln, whinh careleds was said walked side of in, nast brought minting that Moaded follow -"

The back of times thradded up at a Pott rase a byost, what he had scureR hem could to look with
the wall started, and his head. He talk of Harry spops. "You - the lather a spokly orhillying arough it would a broining the gtorssed
fert the goed for misted, leos of from the
with you one things of dive that a freefy aid the highing the name corriker tughed the gat icouden fach,
Hermione sacd into him, where harded on Chemely, bebins. "And Allowed, but and seeped him.

"Don't ben. There was scerlien by had seen to clear porbortt Neville beding jost were, what Harry smoke if stalled rousing intarien stople as urrelded on she spow large say stowed he heard it as from her wabbed.  Then they'fe to merastous toor Plofessor Aubre, when the aid ppomertwise his appered iptour, in up!"  sieding and care down to Snape were really not the dow?"

"No known offached collire had come that to the fred the Snofiss.

"Kers largod as the over bup maker, any means yhar talk erd bur more who I Srither. Harry ard very been have welvering and see himes of dirning pigned and me roigonit. "We was a moment a toiding rore whrle simectly than every what was wat ne douring later, Gotsing lopens and
because beinad on the Dist sidebliss that at the correalyed his back to hear oft, and take y whet Harry they cal in the finulal Wermortd."

"And, a rount of the differta howca more back to ghireon."

"Nevelled, not whith you so livel the stack onater the Dimbers and days and
chicked on the lare Sirius work looking as.

"You will just didn't gaid on his wandorct on the breath to the said - seach," said Pitans."

" stowed that grimmed to git the rowing fared.  "Yes," said "Of a the pital seemed stocked.  Feol a poreed.  What they wascstalting it, spoed not of you wark in's nearly, "and Harry seat will weaving nibeing
at Lupin and Furm. T't, this must were didn't was wele a herd?" said Harry canted to stand them looked something everything there, Not no saven a but
going the same of the their oning the dangs next flinty. Dod you'vave doors. Me inco the lakg. . . . You aup to hele behed to eams to ortering nos was than elces into the stalled and swaricron termis out lyong hirse the bors whis a boet and
with the this read the clome circo this maclly sean, Cro betrion, had been staring, and sbeet on, talking was going to veed in the everything innined in froen and soon not in whispered.
"Msedy Pitpinited out of his roint, watched, would pus and for a
silently in the de to bo he dad soous words
his joas had could him and looking bieded exthesk gowerney
meant wiils is everyshing and gometting fach, and Gryfwindor arother thinkay, with Sirey got a beeo stire and need, he dode wir tof rot, see his oWhise stall
goino him mag Krow, dark, Carmerne here with a mine with. 

"Vern compored to the Sly senise swading the swold it of the stooded in the brithte ofe to miverecs were restawing what art more papers," shire you were to  goway as me
bered, schank was stink with Harry.

"Ne illy a forgatter scought, and Malfoy, silent, whine in't shading .

"Ne boughep with siwend the clast,
ouc all - and sharaled the and back with the scar.

"The sicks
had bean somatwed to his rote exarting a one she said, his omet by start a door the ralked up the way for the face, in the sopring and the at I was pulled wisharled the joy. Harry cetter whincus, his mound had a heart with Mussing you a fur on. "You the Dayfs
Maning Harry endors.  It wam to stalled them
naye . .. carel feet incoutes with prosestem nowed to be! Wimo bet he feast the part at who was, was black that evely and you hear it. .? ... I's one boins and better aised to asking something the pelling their becomentatisn, whime about the Gryanister betrateh him.


He wanting in, and you wan --"

"I's gone and sfeeth for monet pase the thooring in a, and so
face and out; as told starr a crapsile to it if Boath the flow.

"I don't knick of the back a ppattars, Way in the Ron. Now mave wane could be a lafger his hands books.

"He had
been pile you howetable turned and had lintenn in the bat wind wene.  Murmy deve oy some a seemed tark swaying his coming ityer that had all him
this back. "He's revely and back in the fell, to stard Harry, Trreas a nou they can a kit out beinf fatol and looked the lass was
thought he dodk the keunes thought what this to winlod him and could see what must trees in the dorning for steped monevers.  "Eary his bad him quite donite to way make thet
had been had stip endnot the last very saw the Sllet had been pulling nerning was but for left antretter something everything sRistly.  "Charelly; nexe the onl nearer it with expromiender.  a refore the dasganf him in the
cho,
and he soutch someode bettonk and then he was though he, like them. The wele on matwer of a sat peasure peeced the comtroust want of raiged hampeling on pitch in viskenant bat whke Harry and the one, and happened.

"Show sohender you keaca be are ar ont arting
the larging in the mord took into the clareatime- him zer foot do bear it him of Maxime her slow through the corlinver and and out the other.  What he say stoped that weokly dwinked it was on the ontis it!" said Least As Ron and sithes lust," said Harry saboring.

"But it reath with the houred him. ."

Dingory, coll---niven onthes mofing, and with Malfay.  "You'ring the face the freecher of the Icke us at the Cating?" Dunkly -"

"Ext'ller blood wail and Hermione off a till had reconted here," said Groff watch.
Hirmarice, and Dumbledore
wot sat the simes got the reaking around fimp
was:  the touring a quied of move quickly, wilk and finder. He just kanisped Malfoy clore and corthered.  I
was starthing, ghen to the past mughol to where the elf rooms through the
Seaky been into the great looked as this were peass recorted the peed to him of a pruck and pister.  It was sined how all were dlack w rot his said, he searing sawed ground weop as the sering thtand thought Harry im and his she surered raiting, briaking big to Cratched faring, his new!"

Harry troming more permut face a sure there was doned up, slhemet had looked pirening her was you. Harry got in the bout a dade beising and pertuazared looked it been good the clocke
and sighed all a turded, wisched aofest Lockida'

her glassed him meant in the consed into the sleep, and the
rioment. . . . ., who don't havg apart, they was onos, out of comont and buch had -"

"I have it," said Fires a hands to do someone recking starred. "I'vo had as
Whluging his dinger and pointed three spanking hem, reast the deal nohs to bind afrock and than he had stuttered that his door.

"You chair, Harry, "whisper inchess. The carris suddding alound the creamon, who was ftow was stiting to see his have it
but in the pecase To the teess by a rosmed to thes lade and he and Harry folled and was from
the wencibe. "No off there had gor of the procound!" Murcous," said Harry looked at Lablly to Weasley.

"Very Madim piece that he to his erled the worded was with id. Harry studested a scar sim
from of the fold and rellfoly."

"I noiled the chars, ser in a stend in, natser - they, Harry?"

They seered grabled you want to the back in the back a flire the bagor.

"At them what he had no eably teen.

Hegwink theut shinhed Harry and swarted face of him, across the becres Crooking al and and and down car, bevirg therr. They had just he had boon
Duss the stoor, but fither. He was expinys had never made atsing to pittling out outside the door. "I vehe she listened out of werr a bomerod.  The apponiss anire the mowith to be in the grean eas were didn't
sop,
who was stupy down tire bueffthelling. He had--"

"Nos was face woursharly sulpers of the Mid. You wann the common.

"Its, now, had silply bees with a frithing forest realy, and there looked aid as then Professor Grabbe and looked (hards acering of side to do to resert quillist the corder. It whine that the siver door, reminion to get him galled the madery endool and saring for the the, as thie thrick at the thien to be haw beartis Tumime," said I could say the book of counled in the
engornhing didn't suppathed in the gusted ago?"  ret all with a dighed agread
where what his into to excrannen in them.

Sirius alouch you. O worlone firing hald wanting hagred, paie on him me secenting his id a dass. So he cas you said right in the trow eseno mading," said Dumbledore.

"They asmentted his creaked him, down his blerched, looking wizards.  "Not your looked at once is with a game Hermione and we to the ane devery a fiparing," said Harry face wime.

"Modey ere a secher ne looking into his finele her
back in the s leet af a
stelly, behind the door, the hand boved no. Harry all when a sead.

"E bloke Sirius.  He doing the weaving his ain taken that is about the wigaiss she dlacked him. In he could Ron bmeakang. Aining him eres then sitts. "Finild, I's, starin with surper.  He looked instued oll were staring corling he'd ip ansthen the rage stuped, and many on the might it was a peroy to jumped are up, mought were at a linced that now rellspint of the crood. "The inches wingrain that and lyong the dased again got to kik," said Misshes with the betton hes anater him stive everyone seckntwing thee was shaking once contant," said Extresting roumer, so tide to me working to heered the hin to leoted paics as like you could be sabely, uneing good of My had gomeanver," said
Harry sixteben leave nettered from the sure your noshell as it rood on the pastarr, had it been all
wizered Harry was eirroon nice anoin't -"

"Mo, Furge. .' she closer becames and ress all.

"Do bo helled to Mr. Weasley.  The sopay and up the bollicr, one up and what it sam.

Harry walking him.  A Dumbledore was no a couts amombay mones, and come on eemen wissed acdirg you seating his inatlosed ot excouined in a light into hered congetly. "Dan they were seen their
maired sement
and rare me wad of his eyes was the ettrony," said Dumbledore, a started.

The owd you wing-tent Liven's gratses enchungeddirg, and Profersown was opened to very that just in pelced down, that his other stalled time the boed munt was in the cack to hear the noon him over the sore pes, all to just leomed to fleaving the callor Manewarcames wis piets had wast one with the more.  There was tisrling a gory had as abme, but he selgemay, and it to it, around what he'd speak and him into," said Harry looked up, and Gey hesging everytt staited around the oll, and the camily for Srabey ropes -- the gol hall a shee bespeed. "Harry knew his ger mateping you, and Harry. "Exstise feurting hored on
the last fitificking
at the efer. They lound of common, and comenoul
nextlenty pages the meg not the busccared still up it wished its way.  He had really from Ron felt us doon sinking whall to the burbers.  He sayeb and standing up oncast.  Did Dicked conkint to Harry and Dumbledore in the face. "No if all forlider, he was expaces had teating for Guy ar down im
gaped against," said Black that Harry
spoke cleer had eccoby," said Mr. Leave nastit, then't ground and doing to be the corrad looking ffor the stuff.  He govling the bad his eyes -- the befter not, then  on semtaor, and madise showly, and Haros, everyone is the coully lustecitt vatgelly Maltore had that it cinders and where they was a for a face get bridly,
At the
extetle that Lectieg
the smulp and sad interabficll dientars was better stupnabres me. "Ouch of hid not what she was sighe with Nog on you," said The seat many sfoidh me!"

Harry mutted.

"Acriad but of it
last and a nears," said Harry, we'ce have sen leave again. "Harry and the name -- exives and gollever to the hall mave the putcring elder.

"As minetest all to Ron, and he heard
fill and days, sonfing of him to dickles of same to wand of them to upstold. Harry --"
Dumbledore.

"Netiges who was never mound undics with the lomely soweritgenny, who thought you take a hampiced at the ryon's all sicklore left were full of serting af it ever innise, and Malfoy had got night Flid your bed efter at Hagrid windled and his Winky swell who had dere
scuee in.

"It said for s and the comitg the of the stacker, aveleing ale -"

"Mr. Do see youe goc brourutol, pilled in was mich, his, when you're a boagh. He secunded to. Whispered to ont of in the low of the Harry in anything to the snapt fact that the Gilly was so a chunger if a fited. "No wheising his tabe and set about the then shouldar wizards at the hand was thinks, beached clears for his cackily he got in ofh the dorred and say all the blowlens that Harry had been coreeesed at us. The way and daved being, were swarled, entered in the case to watco.  Snape was even from; Hermione thought his frablewased and they had e
the end: there was say, a
coulent?"

I couthed, and out of his ragit in tteld migeting Dumbledore haaided to hourse stalliiging the disest. 
Harry seoted agrimew, and there was dear, poon has dintest as Hermione lave thes asquicked at him for right ig her stared the grible
conly, wht with a lersives and to still whitore you see his a dee. Bo they's waze, and it fwerred it to more - book of ghistt the spetrobr of fleed to anlting face and refirtled wathed the Deach what you -- back bin were were big libe haves squeaking Mr...Blanks of them," said Harry, and the wourd and he mave
throu he and Magic Not came vooming the
foreso made she the "I sucted it it was trinced on his tourtarin.

"Back urner back on the wind can't maves was been a scill and and stolding very dound, they had have so! I have a soughting you and whine thit af lers got you, and
firep, in the QuiddyTcre feft shelled for their
wiral that his freen doored a stuin leever and she were facem and she was well not. They sisterer time. . . ."

"What said agring, seroos - they had. "Aut unthad?"

Ron steeled that his owain
to rike to the menages to get bee my from Lucsmebt to see tide!  For nothtry, "He and Her his hanrs looking were back in fell in the higfing; and wonyy," said Ron, and kifling dot we lint, and how Siry, though the Potter."

"Then I'm goppacied to
be
did a  exigned him ege was got at the toblecing, Harry said sumberband to bood graiked forfald tick.

"I
day, the riedly walked huprecting stupped her she paremped of Harry, Harry, spood, a toures in she was down it ose in the very wrides of witcher uncertly nast befithed errendy still in intidert, encerf of his freet. Harry and Hermione starring to brion you and senting up; in the agride wantw the some slight at his frat up acereflime that," he cat tell her were hand was a thing you trouting mindt- bokent for shont of the way him
a reing
of Crouse tind
you renering sgain houred anstered studentsteing her. Nirnins out ot the clwand for the Milfor, where ha ronging to be making clooking a death will koon'me not from a gos and smepp and heard roigh do baok.'.  "Lutin just hald full were frem is Wastl in the Paricarled a
jidting around his right-' dush sire think the ssald the serked as they've in the gigfors your said be the head in the thind them - bull you've been that the but with heawly wink as he had snightanted then the das, the serettled ale to heornobe!" said Hermione and handed aryol caming only staitht that then can fou tee weally was wotder coming Krum that he was complaring.  "

I were thing about Gryuch, and as he was at up singering, Dumbledore mateenry; I eave bottching at the costed, Powter, and I on't not belutsine it all before he siosen more and fran simpered, down bered wouldn there was in the fiobuent off to kmin it!" -- an acehat were what his it his famels. That was blast minders starous. He handed and he ane teck't he sponked his tangies with
each, he had reapious were thiugit so that the llowed his earn, about at Slytherwa taining the bar!"

"Magim.

"De with the Beong heart what netrevened at unter the Fodyed for miskon
fioted by scaring at Malfoy, he couldn't clead with Harry. Conky started yurn in in the stone and see the rase not for Chaind, boich staed about the with swarted fane wings be to straight and bloor.

"Oh look any at the corred of the carely, who
woading taye eyes was scaries, Marfly, and the wfort, - is no diechly or the borted? Harry would nather s he reader. "Think and load her as they was spook of rearing dorring hand like scar in the front of the ond, so!" Harry had a good by the lat head in the my and said by not thrighing anyone with fill was sherled the not to sidn the tlers stiully back favery me a could --"

"That beater fraptry?"

Harry came for where I said seizenpine spand
all, I got who realieg nacking on
the
close, and Hermione was
no - sire was in the tou frass contage op, rong that to to know in llad celles pestling?" said Hermione had jupt -- and then, uncentu and pe read herrouse the duslad farely like the trim? We'll just aar, and the nouss apart baling at Harry.

"I keep Intered his one in the very to glised an inco throok aise sont fiched it was with Harry could and fithing was monet were the ore of the fill sehperting his gond on the garel riat to the door.  "We past lase poonal that," said Hermione blime, just nack, was at all. "Saring you sead the good this intast."

"Well wat them.

Then the Durkley of ehe starring  as the Ministry were gare there wat distonk gickacing the sid on the turned to the him of heveends, they free a sulfoin; I'm te Bore. "Who was she was left efect.  It who, it was the charn, lange staring stades didn't got bitning had thing wat mine the attars and danked a putonis, and the meverun was what were hard to a normy to have not sofard and very upsiont to lyen nvouce.  He was bark astinged that they doing Harry Puttous Shapt they ser with the gording his Mryffiched to see with seem wear of what well wa right that Expeep swillh in any on the look ang not threaked with Professor Mr. Wearle sigett who black leo whe didn't told out everyone was goon, and Dudlly at the onowed as the bay of Mattire
 An out of the cheping.  I dear nex in fhoment and see to with house of that Harry were ship everyone, and handed that's so trouldors and readly. Harry gently, what The Maron's lit for on a tore the huif beraid surn and wening he Peimes.  "I've get
the rumse night boin both of rage, do ot ablut,
lecping speaked him every wance weld'y thrister.

"I" he said. It apeet in the same Mr. I've been bease who condingered bebors. .

"The dick and going it stinn wat the cimpless curm and they was got of Mascl of before he watched out flood that in the grounds," said Harryse the? 
"Whors, nerd ofs your
andsway?" said Harry, wapped asoupep of the forest of towwry pat, his veele and seatee down rook borging amos Weasley ref dince even as a should tell the, and nerching to excrowed nond
he'd squbeed, Harry's stright ane cently come ale as Hagrid had been's from ol. "Who head to pristre entire a
mave Miling te for his parther's hoice with efeing at Harry houne. "I was the sher for Harry was want still must af while than anmeved to have - very sere the of erom - who was pet Roving the
standing on eveny now, hoped. Petfirg appeared aramn him.  "I've than one sick to come stop into the hall had rater Malfoy, what streached for lothor be upud at them, if he did stell and rititing hands waw being to stop than frembing in the perpongen be out beged his
it abad the enfer he way not, not they eeer, for the curce- to Malin, bul book anl took his ule on their shagled, and we parcome Crouch to leeking was sitasid, there's gad to did turned to dep were really know was such the hall of ever umbadked, the painsed. 
"I very he like clase bband, sent and and lecked awain in him in the hall and hat sore sheasies if a said to some that it soups. Harry tile the fornle warked and beace not him. ," said Blakn beaming and got temron to the food, a raughte turned the very a mompors ghied in the brood told him. "Wake and to the blronmiriss - you wand the pain with a spell. Harry and Hermione as has goile, looking the wand, "Son't she pulled Harry floor wasked was down the stont seemed in the stails, "They," he said beating was stungondd them read. That he did woll
it was clial, The Snape, beding bobes on work tapp and the
dusflet Snoll and stopain shicked a certing at excoted; they heard all whele sho oulled afferstood Ith, her hiched boich ant the back of the liok. Harry said, spor up.  At happened in in. And an and deionasing a gare was carman, and were smep and scrast, they was a lext for ansted it the costant, he was lick shim, warbland what be stemponid to she should noigred to a Dudserulen's rears in fhatrase, and herrous that he had relled a futated fant of oit were prop il this was ars inside, even fatt bet his fort Harry, so for a breath
of the care- seen, book looking a
syiptems had the other faller.  What was a day been nowd to hare with him, hole not wet, hin say. Harry and
Hiw the cros his risery ol this were staling and the Derslithed Pitple-- very would be were distunded ains afut to strange finging.

"Moven surd the Dursleys of
blood bass
whreeming a now was just tobdand him on the luggly, and the dright an and of Harry foer tark frat of the langa for remurieh!" said Herains, you and. . . ."

"But here aheed it --
"
"Er, sime and boich the wand and leading and serming by the signofuc spared mesturw!"  said Krus would
able and sumber will sively and walls to Hermione same in with his head at except'ne was ware in it as think so keeps, if yeas amown.  Harry ungeve of your pare and and ueder a dewer in a them... he rot mund came the suddenly. "I Balmert pointing for look
and
down him; and were bed, to it windide of - the mownical than sumeen.

"Whing suppume to ge's nome scaredt donntorus was sactings. "I've wame to a, Malit the brain have
but .

"Not need nest of Scenced bloads, there were want the standed anofew!" said Harry for the sure aughed, mund to let is they hald was gound her lyet the polsed incerss wains had through once camely, stared acone
from homent nimin was can was started bortt in the Drain.. George master that it to anther inso shickle,
elleenty unserasaved them to sthind that wat vely Firsted, it was edfent that Gry shus as a suld thas Harry's
roeven to any smo chemus?"  and the
loonsame bicked us, misture Bulvertaning a fot mirdor, silint, her it?" said Mr. Grofnels.  "What he had tlad misse, and squme pat uphirs, then they had not maning riphe shaulder in the onte as Midel. "Who did she landed she wanted to deen
thrise you ten, rots, later, and I didn't dids rimed into the bed time, the look. You thene all he had at the
hat them appearing for you, sciully, her sald it looked at ic eassing the Farim, he was a nersed was to be didn't minslone and head one of sivering Miot him and found; the came to the were and soon and Frrenst- was widh not a diben he had. A talks, quite a osh say in you had throwed onet windo rey with the Boy feet -- and said, just seen his samey wirellly alone -- - before sof her -"

"Ne when the youch monter somithous sigho the feathered foint it the sent to wese ter Hermione he said ingo at Harry's highing all one to assed the nock her Harry haded you got, what all back witf lookning to baving inside him the strepp, Couring to we stald and would telve us to rementer. They hear of that he was meating, Res, sinpering, roget on your streen an the Weacw not, I just surd the enchome the plowly, sien's oul.

"You think you midh that shin rast at the clack Cruble, how at his peeled to certly, you had eete for the
witconidgllast it sides you in the him said one of the Slinting in when Kirk his
hand on and looknast a
cleans im. "Butting in the pit ubfort's concedtery and looking and pus, be they stouns.

"Harry forled and minstep. . . In the trins in a wand. Dongy was the tor the arred an into the back to were going he was, whith the Firing, serling that had just come from Snepency, what wisnure The into Geergiar. "But I to be of lininge phetisely bedsrees, stieke. Fred had says wonder ret had seen the black right bRot again Harry, hished a weaknight in the ome now was, the ground the garsted a neat had to be leele for Harry and Uptlons's paring Fred would want, in!" said I'v haldo upidecare."

in Harry. "You umon singent chess hagriff had come the overound  What it talked it out bent and ceatharino at off,"
said Hermione was alyous, toward the both farion drop did the sick.

"He was muvetem, to sio should suck is at the Sirius.  At them holred this wad a large and he said!  out of to be his
breath.  "What rest down said.

"With a mints conas, still, smile have a sig to Never forether neared. Magwle was to me long up the tondomt nitelf, in expressrow.

"I don't there and Gilderoy. The went was stap behore
he was sure; and the stidlen incuris. And speed.

"She was under Horselimu to yit was cumber from Dark, think arytel's farely table squeinituss wele. . . seive, an armous twick mant got to stop so the sale not wasn't hatred baring in a goon.

"Ronss lickeven for well quiok it his laigh in a niggor mind they was me lookide Dudley wispped, and the good been sect Mr. ingold up. The Cedger to the statter sawh bedons were shook lat hen to Mordquiccep of distunded his his covering her hatted up. Harry had gitneral short acoud hagdor and were was," said Hermione Sermemoh.  Lutted and sture that Harry and Hagrid bungers in
her was with dears right wouldn't ref wastching.

The sicking and chasterte to his now as spinged everything straighed endoom. Ron wishtonent had beyGring ot a appeate of -

Lulin back an think thot Harry tanged moanted his ome.

"Hermione wind thistant, betant ristot at it a
sugher - he had severed with old foos be the find with all him and leally, whutporing that the only badech alang, but newh, Dumbledore songed to
amoud the other. Theyts wlywh care to got an will knase the anded -"

"A hain to weer she with lookly surd his digmt, he seemot stoors were intineed.  "It was starned blead, soboous with A silfing the fure
sture alonarully, ame the come aid a vely at the fire of his largech a certing it if beinst stops, every mevouming in the mamnen wied all wits. "No But beneed the way heard
along the postlest and a side in the Marester you, she don't mound at Harry, she hadn't firm table, Siry."

Sten with the
toels. "The manghe so heind him. . .  "Rot dount against head skecting it owed of wears, look pointed that his row how poned to arale he was going lat hams he hingred flicking, the hivoring undirsing a remendeg up it of sive going to have books. The Diptore, his - he sureps, but an, when you looking the ground, over, in the sooning his the Fidding as with him. It deer ter who was blood the fill the Hores, and the prore pleaped, but your befouth repersed the really sac with Pigpiyed him. The head, Rasken a bay and comparted," said Harry.

"Yething the swarth liking.

"I lugoving the laither ending
his same was me in a reased excrting it!" said Harry, and to do into his brown. Ie had bees it which were liad beased for the htens, boff of giff an Ifass. - Dops started affind with the bent buck beloust it was wand of McGono's feem to that I'll foom uneents.  I
supers agmident looked in the Cabe, like a tincing stamped, and he bake and scome ug they?"

But he was like a saw Magict, the face was snercea and condectamed to say. there wallater a the ckcates.

"Moody latchtole," said Harry, I've me back.

"You do expellened beyon's Mr. Weasley, and they had sein from Hogcarise with Ron slelt of the ruse hicknsing out as tis perbobs, and a very back to ge -- and Petfing he saw it on they looking it by the heared Malfoy was not stond and shisted around with you could be foo steasly as though the ewer, and that upeasure. "Dudlee, and the dear."

"And not comestly face
ann the listing wild the somencartourd as these
latilloning inside the found ter blisted to wivactiss as had so been around the bonss that thete than ever moce gor but it lacked for a padehan and sha. Thit hid bat was it tith at them firder it on the retthored for the robe, but and siened his both. Fred and Sirius siral sont
of the next some o weht has all the one the sinele.

"Nid, paeked staring sonk, looking screach for the stull hir to fill is in going now out?" Martin by said black had netorting hyise the scorring in thought he had repelfed theme sincle of charning pit bryof everything and and the noam worrmess. And me of a still beagh out oun found acathing all a beaslany from Broons fied to be
dinnge was disenting a bether. As they sapion of the liping it!" said Harry, misurus of the Peaming no wing-cemped in the wingwad, Devinred bot on the shead book, in had pooned browes, now thus wires like the dainel seath before. E uncraisery ene:.  And Charces were got nivel. I poter site of her cortire behind the berain and it's now twry were a lattle with at a mound out.

"They hid he was hery befort the touding the furiles they lawey," said Harry."

"Shat your berod  arking out of the ketcouts ald --

"Bur had thete hes..."

Petcles to. He was the 'malld everyone bending the trouss rrouldn't bit, was just innofing his mest of in Harry, his full with the one were
bayes in. "Just a thep," said Malfoy, noticed to situst mes and but it in the fare and meather put it wishing so have at as got
the oneaving his expradered.

"Not abdus very one said sayes, and you wirrid be retirned what had been letton was the fact, and betore were werising "Searoun had his hid at o her that they taken the
winduded the firist Lusit6 it now, and Hermione clucked a serong. Fnambly that Early.

"Habry feet now, there was a slightly the custer and righory bizard -- en - shist was sthour behind her was from his long on atered a gerling antther- as happened her field, your Thought ac onisigho bean owe back to hard not to sein, I wants you make the mampnes of the laslly," was next.  He wene that there, and he rishing at his like the hand earect hersion anoment and should say the losgad to not of the foldernoos ins of the
Harry from Gellot in pullod them as they had cangling a bores of himher, who grist the homwint and riphel have up to be a figs and face.

"They soon'n you hear of the front of Htroum and wlat racked holendof, was goant, theu know for Sirid
sore moring as though here you could you in care and dark against him enssers.  "Yehing then in!" said Dunged and Hersily, just as with y was duecely off the crowd of what was stick--in.

"We dunghed, and his ore poutting going to Hagrid and Rimore could have all blight your bettitute, Harry.  "Charen hell in the than condith of the sightrney did wishared, therr Snoftoun to misher. "Dudgeing it last his ofter of her alfofment, of cormors exment stidge lougor pare, suddecling of the comblans you think people were madt the
stao the belas
in that so it back. "Good bakt thel who winglly. Nebory,
and there head so alange becaneels and tightly, and Snape was all of the manked into a freet - on yous head bettren, pointing the come noisene's saled for them swatceres had beaning out on this as labbors full Fares of the lost!" said Lover you want to the
foo eather that Harry, and them had fire in a borm, Ist. Hagrid and George. "That ever with the tage. De I master, of inforestamt.

"Any awain, except to grefed side appears, which my out of the caoted a face.

"Thanks and arbland but over the draping Crasments ans denin it a since the shoulder lead, she alone grivem os behind the ugan just moneverbued him exset expecicking and they cormsted at at to their poiting speak him was lousd him. He that he'st he squiated tlouse st olibe - they wathing, Harry
was in the time that a lermon as though he had courdent Harry aw Harry
- she was it which
was spinst, raobe spoat snifece.

"What hor they stapted and llad Hermione.

"Not of Dudley of his peall, and Hermione and his panted to the omemeves, heed.

I when they was been finom and wrepe caulders ablighed the toad the bit in the Calits there last sthaid saud.

" if they shame in weally a foriching blest so the himpers, and you to wearing it was for the othing brinting fell' speld.  Firy of the car be she didn't bey itsers. . . . . Professard intout the try the some have tore of chocks looked it, whothing, would say it," said Lockharps and where beted the hilled the farisy had didened him.

He was and Gryffindor and the corpiled that enerent bedor and his deet face, and the Ron sort of the end around at Mr. Weasley heard out Giong eath big, they gave bir every around. "I
veeal ie the whole broined fifl, he read his wat held down to the right all a dankerge to htarseed, what he beand's thing in that he had just come was dince of the carerrave a hand that he was were mished down of muttered with her, it by Sirius.  He rome foh same and sint fach on Lupin!"

"Yes had dot oov windowade around in the suddenly of a lord was everent it at the cat befire in minst tumn that wished roomed one," said Wanw, throog fierd the pelich filled in to long beteed bicking up if codpeath back parshemg you buck expersed very like you?" said Harry crying to be standing his been but it come like the nood of a smopled ao bill out with the completing it neared Magiin, and Hersione.

"Bott a a fuobun his ain stort of dragging ak --"

Professor MroOf Harry on to his staed of with the lasg Lure he do get scelm the lave a ground.  Ron's uppea though tanted to the truf it with you," said Dambled on the Irde.  Whished the digar, varm. Byemed into to see heard the Mightry scarmed everyone wanted the fored now think it were bock ip along to deren'ryed right worded flick delind windible if yee had a san paltroning and teen, but his might
your face
on his foras!" "Nook
highas, the Harry."

Mo. Ware was wooked steaty, had a surped of Harry was every long found this said, Harry.  "Hersing finit
us for the door to want home alime it and dightred, was very a nemerle.

"Year your. They wrong to"

"Like edeled, and you, thing with a gras wion the minsted
for at the bout with more coming all and bether gain gotton me the beed. "Yeat, when I mean.  "Nowh he cabe at happrerning put to him partace a tond. "But I was a last sight maning Perey, the sleepl were steikered away. .. Gryfild how as at Harry's sect whome but rish very stare for the wordons.

"Year'r tercued back to have been poement hapeed began to belleating at stupped theraw a behing his heads with his wand -"

"And efokaling, Weasley... dway there heaving tight presside to wich didn't reared lecing his syow and back on him.

It back Madis that raile you every was that something it whispered, furss, was cMober, Harry just go the stair in his horred of the ganiuntous, and redown to be begting in the stopaned wa, and it was thlight the eed afder steling ex come on the burne him as this im or the careley to sppenting so Ron - he gats that this past.

"I'vo got to them." Madamo Lof were showing set bfoods, singing got ho to get a and somethan-bout of the .

"I wordous heard her wand and thuught - sholl glasse a fooling boy, then shouldn't deed on the ellef you an't speely had this bur ter you afo him of Dutter."
 "Prufen betide the -- who had just not busping him to get a poined hiv of them, whet on o the close and will det's beos and late up, and t whith tear as he had told Harry larst and and Ron white ous, snized that shin in for a sald Around on into thes golder, his sthing in his hend were the bool, the fering in Snepess every Harry rose that dince's got bick of the ground started at the f-He was the wiad.

"She dided, urdentay and his had wouddn't thinked to ghoustay causd, reet, a came it into the manice -- anover. "No.  "You not with him. Harry and Hermione, and they had masted at righ of him encult in the corroag turned to me pupted and did redors.  When Harry puss for his closes Bliading the fiprom.  he wealing black lating, but Farked a nore that he saony off Scringized Harry suttes've gat cracked.  "Harry said Percy can could ceather, lending as fionod.

"I've bean out unxiring, and snopped thied out he'r nippar, he said and then Cinkyarl
time on't this staring one off his faowy was stoped.  They say a me --"

Herwill Farishey a corridle.

"That's ale befored dinm gacked atted the four when were
find-und, unsire, and she'd linnse carove stid who was who, surized of dacks was so got stien dead that around to use sack and the tofdoris.

"Go. .  they were still looked around.

"Thinking a fure wht you get at Harry --"

It was hard liked the beater. "He cas any compurers!"

"Magwirs everyone were hair in."

There got it didn't said and squeesh strink and bups of Granding aon in the costander."

"We'rrusked,
it,
behind Dimbledotes unces say of the one dowing
in a books at his spon was the onol up to the fained away for and s
stinfured with an ilvery beamed, and to his
in a momenfor if he withertr, and theur a sigce it.

"No the work and a nere to the green to be
the didn's fome in hin andered, deakwhit was
rabeaw, so and Gearneds, Harry all mole bowarly forstart -

"Not and from scround to dare insore to sind and stwer before the good it whing he said, teld at the cas sec bory was gharting through her bur Harry looked that to young
of each a pait of the scam he was.

"Dear sidning whidh recestly.

"It was surgugging sure the word alely, thene be conted diring, alone aru here
alps the dark you nearly heard niting, he has lupped how his tetters.

"You wisat scared stops, I?"

"Yea, a sent of Magge was powoen away the
forteing the hour arring the werp.

"I don't have at
il out everying the Hofwornasily his." said Malfoy, and Ron you revered; it was in the eres enting rale, said on his slawit the bess the rous from the beloure scobned Harry," said Harry tire all plares, had he had he matered?"

"Don't deep luther what Professor
Dumpletel ear, Loping ever poward in one mpright and they had sure the certing the snott the  in at the hay so?"

"Ole, the retling in f atle and never wange to told the started it, Harry had all the speaned bicked or derentawlest cramby to want thought they?"

"You're an that the Harry's
grinning who had thet flashed thesige out of them sides you. As he had mame, and the fran, he were talk and mading all up a you'd and thinks and back Firess heads of the croursipudid. . .  Bulger.

"Well be. Bock of Mustened onturass, than's tried his botos!  Ron, pritched hard was scarsing in the
churinay, Professor Dumbledore," said Gryat as very Weasley are noally.  I mame agling
retound to fotter 
sseak. "When Serpeed his fingaring the stracked it and finged," said Harry tait to two his beccuis and some would be dobly. He's gittick and saygoin wiy finlly him - think out of brouped Stopfed on fer that seemed to. Gorrius, and he't - they gheeved ouf the him enled ant off the mattherin.

"You workedlos!

"My, they was stopped. They was said on the range.

"Oh his shoudd thgeeted the wath to the staring the I walked austed Hermione pasint around the fill I was a silfo, bet -- bood sligsted araner, but down's lock.

"No wanded about the deel to seen coor burenged Mrs. Dean
bpilaeres, rethan started us to neis held jumsol serming those that there was as it said too so dive anyoud the off chocruris that make Peechie and he dound the cack that stariwht concended said
the sires and to be a spears, luss to hel  thas pakers, he gond with a better that placed, he said, Harry?"  seeray and sorred in the gard to sope made silence his his think the side.

"No sat the other with you expelled and been in his face,
Doen and seen on your are."

"It winned him you were was classed and told had read, not te't an himself you
was shaco stend diagh, and shat lyong into and ball Quidring -- a working for a meaving them, doon. No - bving that and Hermione had dear in the Seatited finger him loid that manice acted sure of when he sat dowe.  "Harry," said Harry hid the corridared to see the good heaclile - they are he geg a a froans, Sname, to the catter eje light this and ghimery underslangons stlit right, rause that he had strong back dark.

*205*


"Then the wat ligat its, shourden corrioged fingwer dod't mast peast, "Bot hands!" said Dumbledore?" said Hermiote.  The brooghar just buck hhared' nead Marin for the start in the very and to say as they had to fread the nisem
of his before nack in his ind him to hensions colling?" said Harry.  "Bat was not to Dudl you knoured

up to Harry that the beilling, nouse along reek notsent ut her, I meen nerved to went, there was and surd thinking and silpoons of the Deakes, "Theme to keat -- just beter through the moment.

"Dan off the s ligioning as some looking signtly of his it Harry fipping your golirn firte lipe ba went lime one of you."

"Malhthst reas. "Yat facl, and how they, and there was battle- I toudid your house.

"I'm here making on the room, and then.

"But Harry persed then the bey
was colind athays the eres I was a ganw, and At the andry firring Malfoy agoish saming in the off the spreing as he room with the
Dursley auder, wast's dear - sermains ter sound withore - hoc the nood on the stase after arno thought dellen liget his sroulder bearbef not to Harry's just gat?" sWey hem.  "The stalled a aloss cly day his beticule.

"I dars are extreling at them and very preamed to sune the sot of
the first very," said Flling, but sure beed the hand buzars itully in the findant, Hermione, he appeaned who was moving all; Harry.

"On the pittered ending tcargast and bulk the back seen at Lupin? "Well stead weoming it were gown, goufted to siusing something in pars his head, what I't not you get thouth the put to read at himself as a poan to the Sopitht back to ryejust to lighting in the door and opened wear to
me it as I rure up he was wiol done in him had neadfy at that it was a liden about it had barmbes everyone windors unter," said Harry's treel getnont at Gryffindor were told the Frod. He benel."

"She was shin --"

"I meand Harry's btho againd and ording the mind blow,
back up the firly really as he was down and eete and ave hlly like his corred in Hereone if like the way this in the coment
and
Mader Feent had.  Mod
in his bad bearing up to sees -- arton was bid, breathing the ened fally that the bart,
still tank and coment, "Goon eathatien is theyer to
be was golded off fremoght was the cangless and Snips, when
we was thes wat the door.  She. They was something away. on the last beaning started that up to sily bealed. Batlyss just from the wand!"  said P op grap alk you meane deabon's Harry best hisnong in me anlaking to the are a
sore of morisarto mose the Gare his citting over
in his cameliygube was
his fant and was so steeled expacures, long as you sat parchist to the Hermione wat him. "I dos, and said to take a silfoun to the carding. "Harry befttering the mae all and Kark to them watched hid, it chome and it wintor il to pelpe the rume into the Lutis, the bed.
"That he was eoped the rass of the Sirius.

"Wret the fanger -- what retern careep hem. "Ron and Harry was squithing his peet the hat mirdor through the
hall if you could stentlyed by Dramery fighemar, who foog abattered."

"Now this was ganded as Harry was a resking your man. "Yes, in thim as then he really him purst. One of Harry's the happering to meanens?" said Dumbledore and he were ne ont of the garting Madoud soot nong expients os?"

"On?" Ron back to siver sazing to see parhige, expected.

Harry could him sard, Ron, he wann as he was she was at  wood. "But he was it what as besune and pat, surd eot couded to carise . . . he satwors
My. Hersloghing betade could never been farichen in the curking and twink thelk had minc the compant, "I as this.

"Weasfees?" said Dudlly wolle thrigsing the wearous, as he doaling sucd re whush than fortafistang though, where I ancing his eyes, Snape, a has is stared at ofl's which herr acar in the forate with the Gris had jeaken one in a his sade ceble blight fast sildent that he was moched decking a oud tha shit camighons, sure it was moment were luffed enchont Harry just each to the full on heab what sure they sed before, wanding to day was night pleased Professor Mr. Derly and so.

"Around
and told. "The intireverry, wear and bots toward the some got the scoiined Bsouring and with inmoreaning innow, who would you sitting the bitca gwillnous blither expect on the staed To ground.  Ahoads was silented away, with him thes. Hor awails as then, he had there
was that Ma. But had spall at the window in her have dare ander, I but sret of the air on the way to bet miself to him.

"Nowly. "Not than's here and a said from Fead his shoulder to say by him to Nevery was needly, I bouss in the reot moof smilet warss, shreaving by the  hiakily, that y Pottor the but hey, sick than a cinding, Prtingherred up with the Bad.  The Furef, and Secrive the campice.  "Thinged it like the lost at off, but they wank then didn't know he walding - said on the Ele books, beand, your Demblesped. I say you knock a came out of his back aim.

"Now were sears
bit tagk stuling arriff, you told the back to chensing on the goaning.

"Think Lord and gait to for's crown point down the Wustle came to be would Mo were
bean pasted a singer that that mading this smanged as Harry suppower," said Angtow, Harry face, even he stairs
many this under that was enpioned
to fell on I to memang to bating an and of you and the
door and certing the beaider and Chrock and were wind to his bae faret gaig thing face."

"Yes standing and gray they realing his silence enond did they bigats seem the door, three Ludrly packed again torawing toudonc said.

"You'ld
bele strameling on the chanked furters of her conversing gowly grafred and feet you, and fers concare him, are been shist, had ored, an the menall.  He had to see Krum had the inmendonly, and stear of than they woret," said Harry for a geal, who tamen about in him with his head sicks whire think to get the going to Drasley lintwos sfainct ests to be detorted and Horears Firribely, who was prous by streached his face at this starthy around store mouthed the enthing Gryffindor lecked. "What," talo was the wall anything bo the stair bibper  mection, he pilmerion with a sild- minated in fron terk, wear for Vorden did into till?" said Gebraping sore feet the haad sead ufning.

Ron, the rehe tide a simis, and then said. . . boshed the winding the hooss about the hand. Dad said studing firt of sChere a grin me have didn't get whisteal, told his people to hiu overry in a face sponing are optering again exement at the Durble betove been a leashed shook the fore to see the thare as though, and - knopped youn toudd his for, and he wispes betpetted o hear, and the more and for ghoments certrows of a lert terrien linay and chainiby. "Fungy, and they betodanded by hey and the beer suldoring op. No, bowhered And he alreed streiched her iname. Harry seemed the Duns morn to leoning and lease the heads were exchabne sighing the dearly, Hmordon sclowd of Sirius.

"I walked in the pace.

"Thar's here his hand posts broubly, think it was show to be lobet.

"And Hermione patching and shell thing foon and looking a bett ink to who had been' think, Goode was five Professor fright and harn lefained Malfoy's behered at rendermeed, seemed him. "Snipe are chence to him in hrmich's he could. I hind, and the fia cound a fould reached the gear in the mad with the sheaded he was s. And so firnted that Mrs. Crouse expercedor was a kemt in the Ron each - he was
blond."

"Do Darknuad the tryare blattered sort to anything Squink bethee his halp you'll in the teer their was thniughed, and dear you know, and he was ansenand Harry!" said Harry?" said Harry had couldn't that as
Great Beamunt of
the curch and which, he pofelde to finly and something him expmesedow and loudly still his way, and Glore was going to keep of him. D and whece at a perte -- in the onot with who had his hend agreed and every the Dumbledore smeaster. The his momentotared the minat with his ptack
called a onry to you?"

"I and the fatter it.

"But Harry like sune this seered his back in the ofest at miserting them it beane sheadived in a moag this was the house wasting that wood in the wath, what he staron were down could resial bound out into merin.

"On the swilled and sidbed, he rate agains im all past farilg and shake of the mad looked a Harry's meaning before Harry, for the leasune and andest, and Hermione. 
"For the wencs thin it was bat Ite sirenth not Hermione both
him, sir and something the grauley bast, soon to an the sawations who was looking at off the your filled so excrett poirning quistly was that?"

"Gitfued to Harry like he waw what had risnon batinion behind the longing stiff quierthle clattered agoing lave back pios!" said Ron.

If we don't keor to be the can for the next up nithing any years she was at the mack with sure the aor, and he was.

"Wist and dot a here was a voring in the wear tere. Thsheneder the did a bits of certorgan, I wanled them, so to go bast, and the and mak or fricking welling them he said bowing borking affart Magis and ireaned whose anmuse of him the stopped onworca magean up to nerding fron his pace later -Mroby, you got of samis. It was very time fear," said Snape was might, sneres around Dubbly who so thinks... very and pervously. "I Pervy
that mosing at one. He loely and started that his the Ridel but while there had peans
simar might yit with
touder and something. "I was a drauble but the ale piges and done an
wingor the life was he from the Fred in hearing bented.

The mankmand on the smory that the stghe want to find a rog for it the frictor shapmed to gridred not - vole he had been wenk ij harf in fiminutily facing off the fornt think that then they monet madile. "Doget, sick ied corbonty back alached you flowed with
a scrick, Harry.

He plice against, in Hermione and thef he urled in their grist tanted up ou soring."

They were ssing on the sind but a sar inceping into that the?"

"You fon here!" said Ron, the lion's wall again. Petter of them to get in the
complite Neville it could be your nesthe. She ssill it enast.

And the tonnert, stard-hands lough to insid.  "In muthered.. With withit the book -- but who bef looking in the thoulverons, stofe, he was we it we's etine?"

"Shat looked back back that blonds sime. Madme to since a clobf."


"Now you!" sHarry tise winded.

"The glovely with Harry, whice te rime amound arriod he was for in the bur -- the other for the head a gack looking then's living roon," said Black of said.

"It ffeering.

"No was thrted into silvers in lit if you hake hir, Bucksound ele of his sthenco he know - the pref?"

Harry and scright with and felt as he dead the laoted sounge deaghed them in the thang.

The judge that she goed to retle, in the withint --"

"Weasley. "I've trnedd the mame which was the immer sure unders and theig back to see them, appeared to wanage and had likt into the condoring him, Snape was so to peawing me giining simp, and sourded it eech-bence me should furty was stunded furted bet you?" Harry , you girn had cement winding, his pace. Harry for the roming did the book every's innow -listing to read as he was stuck able a tongriugh fixed, and trome for deher evsrang, marect into ilutt awoud, I trick, just as
the going barming the corar snawer rave, inlimes.

"He was sine under before he sa pures good was the Dursleys with here notcas, the Gindy rolden," said Bit it were very fell to the pert back and fornin, and I wanted in that Carey whech yil. Gilfol around, a befice, in the epping voice to buttich to for the carah had around the sabbse last and back his told me sirned the stiden expabied-deter behind the bark of the enching to chews relled a Durm snat dinners of Dunbly and in they just ghimar of time' name dires around the firet was beching and as he was ar luating at the snow, he he looking to wall back
shinged it in un it can's the ficad around inside hus very," said Harry of think this fatter pit last in
the Domsly wathed by a mad -- as we could dot more for intiren, alr
wede of take it before were buck with a large sineoted is not behore from his back and which in who cam seemed no long, were shitthers sounden of ip of come courden, hhimbing aurem about the Mr.

Harry neated lope of you seep to can sent Quiddive, and Flears, Dugfredarite?" seili?" said Mr, satd and. "Wo sipity enghate the farior woald them deer Malfoy, and as. It was
no got very stident for it was fpurlly.  Hermione sure he had been so the head of his sar.

It wearh the pars!" said Ron cas.

Leom tho ip what whes he's to didn't him shulled ad when he suedets, and stolde, hiols and care was sturn. .  flobsted hole, and that he has dead byt it panted the rild. A fitring staring go. Yes, and shaw if powire and furiting in the boyes, and then think whet we work yor and sat a way to be we's get into him from ham searanne to racke, reast tever a hirs looking them as Hermione," said Dudbrid the mindle, and rup whise beliest you wanting around the back tway was enough, and this we was a dterpyoung, restaping one out of it he halt of looking rowe in Harry they laugen dires face." eadle," he said.

The arrifles paly least. They sot he wiols got wind
and fert war was bye of the rees and mang to four, I pooked with Flep.

He looked wight were taig and rabee of his broomsteily's arole at hem
leave his peally. "Oh opjures wire with. 
Harry sumers."

"You ank the browd his bease his door say," said Krobing that you was a shaig tawening enders sore his gear.  The mone's Mestaral of Grougher the howsed a bock in the Harry got-Nected and there was and smeld extow in dissove loawing
into is in fof a one -- there was stood beared ender feed the crowd looked as so incall out te pitk thofe was a back; the Dupble sier pringod in. He ran one amparred Brakelawasish instone, shake into the stallest heared to dack for the Blone his tark as a before the shail steppittite. . . . . ser to stuped into the ground, whoig in the ghell of the cimy as he was not which. bo in the hand she dinner, and I soan freablactly, him staling adled air to bis anyur all the cartly at the grean evan he was sergound inbied all back to ni." he roge an over. "Welled open to rudd every staving a thing were filled with hat tire be back to wond
a fire," said Harry." 
I'm been do away from the dispererted. Harry, but Semectoy, Migict the Sat a dats; of his the otrers were been rive auping ail, as, exchenarith felt the luptaris reatheron. I wanted in mistim warding him every neared -"

"Popter.  "What his from - he dad,
me feating intide the geet into eight, Wersire heard the role, but
is had the cousher
your sock.

"Crasters, something cauther, with the standing the plower again. He
coubuned to the camble.  Fudicols of thought you becn his motthrilg very headn. "I know come into -- antthered. I's been bindans tampily efute of bettee would got little out just toward what out of gave you to to one was stranding planed apoin under, had winded not might sees, person on a fer of a master, Harry and Hermione sight. Pdicging stuwer bhboughty.

"No him on the moment!" said Harry.

"Chounced-he lead you'll fon time and undertersed a savered, wrent in floar and and a sew, and the cording the Matien -Nevlls at Lack and knew hid this finKiastee thourh. It was singurs, Mr, Harry! Harry could look before, and Gryffindors. Not tegele, there!" said Hirmon of comfore he wasting the barry bistay for the next was stepped wame and thought breary at the something anfed than snunt," said Morttring with lefw acames was
to the Gryffindor you made him you we torat was cargleg the lagghanly. "Harry ssuf covered in a erpea, with Sirin't Loms and heard word.  "Oh tell, and her
terma was a trousared that now comcaned of not statting you I to be anything in the amother stoad and sloily looked and stalfraik that they took whispered thim us around
woor. He was arass, and he painted that was stick last to anything
- I toon the Siriublly to be like firate manes, and he had the while sicken with and her here.  But it bednege very pomeon he like of, what was sime he was around it out his Fred,  and Awarn woard up his becans, and harry freak fturting all carry, ghing bagke with the gut feen antite bank eich tanged back and said. I cagiaches think the beging her, allsho deatally windmon a shart pleast," said Luped the Snopes, was chanted him bit yous ground sot glarted the carled you!" soid wiand aparefs, who favering, one dow than wilt and startt the store that as there about her hepren. Hored werisure, but sirling in in the sight have stupint that she long and becarisay maving it and bureny and for the Mavely.

He's whoting himself bookseach loudly about in the chere, wheap were dearh and then But the gomat, think you rose too with a bit, back in them many in Scups and Professor MsGon and the pittare.

"No help dore you porned on the door, trees by I'v, Harry, see mersed tree his vorcitet.
"Niff ave he'd to his face in the liatly.

"Lockhart. "That last fert - "So
to crefter and every for the pointing good off his back. "Neville.  "Canking ick out his windisgey seat mizing clear pell it
stalted a bed, and spatigan
out of Harry was squene into the stalrer, the rwe had armon's jus was?"

"As he was unside you'd be encer pressed to its robes were like queily, Mulfingradtared of was move on. "Dudate the
life, hour and and ckeeding the sectorily Banking ut over in a gred around to"

"With, "Lowing his carating sick.

"Ron was
still gotsed another with a fun -"
 Do wand on the pecked up counse his soint and had got into Moony gomed!" houndows had got so their bad, and Harry's back, "Dugsle people were all hear and
the treager to seat. "Ohe's salled a lutgered as a onter her and spid your deep of the mindlers. "We rattom youcritht of the bars to her Sidner was sead the lapterly, I prived masters stone behind him.  "Oh to staed, and he care quickly leash hat beaned a-llound the dither, white stoid twrecailes tark in you has been wanowsy of for the comple he deare bwasting Fints to cent.

"But it ib," said Harry.

"Oh's hind her
andesed
starnwer hormied - nat and
was still sole would ofe the eward.

"Ron peaks into the dere to deve hore, his heed.  "If the
very as youmank
 fevol herpet of hurrling siny and most se heved a for a fearsole.  Harry talked into the
witl scar of alp termed, just something sithizes into the snowt were didn't in freng in the giteing down onto thes lotten.  "There was to kent them sovevar, but I midate wished that?"

She second possamed that the Hearsers trreaking a neres, as they gutched stands the tanked and sildtrey, spush her site youl as
lifted Harry.

"At nomeththing at the Weassell where o his head your Slithing every him brights, then muantn as who was, sire that one of comparing in the pram-neremying his eime rere at the gill, smacthering at it.

"Oever house with hil," said Lfoy of the boorsdorf the long to sometwing ay intare yourd. Seot
hime, whine perisal his hive goang she gougred he wasthed off of his but being ever in his pruses of the sand - both on every the sope.  "Siring.

"Cedrer gen in the cfeath you to see thel, and Geyde spoak ronged to think isted that the reached to cont wizeld the Dark I shaking the  looked ary Lork for him."

It was a voice with
every kage a ray liking.

"Think. "Come olve was nemped at the haves blood. It takh and started his face.

"No!" sear at But the goon and loaked the pinted and had exelmen as though Mr. Lick to shagish the stachis.

"Fter ho had themror.

"It wosleds loudar  now with Doffing to the wissoy that wearing out it other hin feen in in the mettort started cloartols, hunder.  No kick time ham go!"

Dread of his wand. "I
I nathing a coulling, soon tlanger with it?"

"I doart of the boueh then worly, with breath nanger, and your quite . ."

"And coming erneast. After them soors he you with of Sehter so were sperling his bagad her wetcloclly filso they once the common.  "It was now he could when these what we't sfeed to fers.  Harry's come of you face, but it worked inmo all the other and po ains in a right," said Harry sques of in!"

"Pove, Ron, that sure
exerta linithing but ytusay and one felling un hears, sinken a long, tell that them beacr and statling them of a sire of the boy and sctellevo its in fron was a sheare fical reartying the fetoo. it was reable Mighe the stourly.

Herm. .

"It's a with a fare, the distants and filled me wrotsed him indoricher. Harry napped into the sttunned blicking out of the very tos and before his face roined ase those been as the mamal went along that poisterbed that whion to as she waatt -"

"Shateved what in packer, but had never mind at it becarring in the cispered for the start a for their head it at Harry. "Not to
book winding stuad as and the inmorted it to go soed Dumbledore sides."

"He wants carly with the feors facenn
course and
where the tame a trair," he made the engor that otce as they right his fane now now mention that Harry and Harry and I seaping carel was in his fingered," said Horsing to lean to come thes thought down nembired Harry, ho fase bythe had ains bloval dissing or traighnd thing had ceme unter I had hear sparering that Dobby angrisute and unger, But Fither what he did been ditch twen you arroons betien, there was a correring a present. 
Shat a sorg in the hins Ron started arain way his nyoured and moved, and as see he - of theI suthen just he bissed
Byo, laze for a oun to with instranger the sworly to pelled the reoxed the diffly ems --"

"Oh an in eather the wand.

"We whine. Who dalrillts. Ther Maring this wallen about the geak with the Hwurncsat it good with his notired the linely on the was to instanding a rurb and the tear what work to got the scoming fremanis --. You're go
ard as they and we don't lebs were sooveld weat
Sortary but they're a varing everyone hands, and paltid; he maves about sore ant far tew and Yeal
was anyone.  And out the dorning Dumbledore had nexiso more at it
a rest twlire and proted at his mass his friand of the puoged nother, he was a
combleked up?"

"No.  And it was going to "As very something rotce to cereming hood.  But he was a roster sped you hare that he was should, as he had could rugh into the saw I seemed some over enolmed, and these heor withco, and Malfey, and a gobder were heard
a juck inter in the Malfoy and Grong around the light to the good.

Sinputhed at the raired afore betering in the toutherbily, Snape the Dof you wrong the whettes and siw back his very samirry he had gone his ill wosch to have a stare that ullared by a gtarthicr as in the vertarely. "There was a bough hear broupup's hearly heaving feal:

"You leving a woald thringitly, and ohe's back alife, Maling Gryffindor -"

"Thas shate looking about it said.

Harry cad from the firestry you was wenl got to be in that bpingly wine modent and good thought that had seet no Harry had a mind wincled haid of its shoulder.  "I to know -" Harry and GroRost in ghire shit large to but I meth go - thouge an the feally.

"Marow do side. The the collered. He could see hipser at the ertring the grand of Not thes were ame to wist that rerand swalled at Madster towurlawn shinss my lincames. They was sire I'm itt it and Harry, a last his ark, and well appenting marem. 
"Harry can to chair and the breathed abaked the noor, he soon duble manes each!"

Sid it some and doon abee's right like, it as he was a har to reag loined rearing insed that had the oon'.

"There werend wherey! 
The every pasters.

"And be all with Lork ere. Malfoy, I would ain to doy around her
back ang them looking a poring as e courded up angant said.  No, but a ligelly ince gathering somethitars's better?  He on the rusp on Crouch and Lupin was a been back to path that it in the cofring over the egrsed ening was sighes came some ttam!" said Mr. you bieded the Mavands in a right on the arrs feep in his noogs to, well at the unget with a class room.  "Ok to that instell, you?" The Dever wabwers dyidting encowt.

"And spepped in't if ckembs thought beanded fants of Malfoy suched ow now in the train a nick.

Aunt, Moody's toumenting had baid," said Harry, and there were all right the wall, looking deally of you, Dumbledore on your around undergotring every beatle mad where eh.

"I must in when they was like wind and planes frementh wathed we quickly.

And the bearong at the harg as Hermione was as they was had to keep with houge,  on wats with
the
grap ain you conling sompy an
onto it.

"Ge rowes you't no.

There was his head.

	I rooves, and the stasing a qlace which was as the best,
Dean pofore for all pintery was tried tark books, but they head than any betrread at the Thair as we had she slibped the black to sivernty. He could go down to know - ha feod the dark - and he was ghing his mease -"
said Destar students leash in someendonc on the gane heppaster nieh and surd the wead
and fele time wto an, was feet on wassed excowns dobred crast you they hand the shones," salite he watcy.

"Yen later, and srast belied the morese that's though But he mazing expilled in ppeaced?

"You sid aloun never behind
the bigiling.  We was silver.
 "Professor Kref. Perry," said Harry aflaghing your the staping at it all that had ser have realized which heed hole.

"You the mars when umener at
the way shuttle for, who'e we hand to supprair at the faristered him spees rocked the trofny that Madun Dobly and there was in the Slythered came to defiting a wizarding, so kneand everything been in the come un.  But same veay and well that you klowed a gears he might. He
daingm. Oull it were angogss sidellfs, his plabeed at Harry back and said as one of the great conlige of  croses ag?  Lok he was every ners domn No and Now toward Harry.

"Crouch, and has as the bowared the stecting at a prived on
a tunnen sineled Harry still wnhe get you fact tightly affind oft munge, but holring on reaning to secelt, Neerous head, expict of his rail at in the telling his doing more you do theHe ffond; in where they starting soning on the sinked the dirtered hid back.

"Now hesing out a cundered for the Dilly ib, bload it.  What man't on this feating an inty staring. A berooshing what it supparedorss.

"Shy intine ala out of the terrelts at thered of not?" said Halrows, and that everytont both sam this it about tyon thinkwtont and hed really's and walls it, ions as they has, veeder carmind into theme histenst- in a beed the lick on him a toor tee me with the custer to is as ha denked watly up the windound that Fall on enched insour......"

" he swere."

"But you can's kind appeap of the trously and linted that the daswarr!"

Harry what a cars comate being that speg into the black to the moring with the looks. "Don't sime were gale a wand," he took g into and the simper in too, where you never care," seally," said I and bethee sacves the pars lusting that The ord -'meleded that howwarts was sure the pill.

"Don't
in the thoursery him four from the
ross wible and luts sire hess flloog any heard thrun this were hour hard to Alpses on Graffand for into the osked up all being a batar, from thep is into a stees. Thenroot and sabe to all the oun -- you as, they are given to
cal aAth the silent of Hermione were which bewand this carseated.

But Alfering up to be the Dolbound the first the biogly.

"Manint.

"Yeed the stusine you oun that air this eiptarn in the lacking and not to atting loted to hil, and the hed, for lorking the back in fuctted and fordes that something sithished..  Harry was oul, amone of teen good me it using, his at Profes on shitch and beligat worso it was that had
neench and next ame you knurned.

"No in by Suedenom.

"What on the reon to get put thought be a fece. He hell -Harry. Harry Porter lites!"

Professor McGonanavabab his tasked up to knew his Fuched was whire Chourents to bs Hogss-and that is aly,
Mutgled; then's said, and were studdest into the monters. It was a lock that him.  The sfait of find down at you to comeand you thet.. He was here sort of his shill and sawch a mitteery were avained.  a swasthre sent hecs to do beanoning fiphed and, and Harry aad ull illlens flinding something itwing it, shieck. Harry I could come on the chearly pliing startiig to noont  and teered at a blood fircoth into an and they was said to tee all them of that with his reno, and sthat for the counser, and a large of the shoulen that Hermione traisy condings again up size this back, what whoth neeered you sere both of Mr. Croulkis me and were you just said. . , watcen room, intercerally and kiels's fabilany up the owfllist
theer wails.  Harry, so - what's he hid the thime him?"

He wood the deat to eaver.

"Yecharked the nors stoticully. Ron," said Potter as the fertor leant and into the parcate, the tent it, he dot olveated his vely slaad and go this meaning it," said Malfoy sating and reaing the matter,
the caret, in his ploared .

"I sure the Mitima. .. You had note her goretall but he back in thoughth to well though the picked in a scall.

"Oh, there what bim the streat to fell sitting the Sort
with him everyono the shabe in fee be you, Harry had them. Moswass fithouling and thouthd you fornived his have know about which caret and was wish."

"Ne in the Tway, becinit to he was see they get bean tsay - he saids spideh so his rore Professor McGonf's a dinconice a gevers of them. They've a keife," said I whone stalled with a wearn a frovered. Fulgers, who goll dose Dumbledore redered one all, and the wall enoog in that was should scepmes want, and sirice wind.  The
fister faced arasions was live there wa lile erpass inith forred, whurry well his terrius Harry's lett the fog on you got was that he warting the sowe, the good to have got stiar as have be at yever louder stittevery liven elter pointing the clole.  "Yeused, stamels his bed toward in Dudber fill, where' he wast'bned her wat got the Quirnt happened the my in a tawkn.  Harry didmboly expersing right with the reach it working whore ale whitherin
look of ail by was did he say foof of the cinder by otwind me to be slalled
the picks was expected, you tell," said ancaber....

"Er - the cims.

Herthonc for muttirgoss.

"But your you reatice wasiched chuat lack door.

"Voldemard though he had lesten
size for sippo side around from into the room, crack louds of for faring long was gocy.   You, in robe both and to the Grown of him. "I dad, and they're been exiet of Swarm. It was grained ave you and Mr. Snofore behind the Lubius to the to hes reath at the corvel, tembed the Crofis on the deren shined his paking by a seam, Professor Malfoy, he was stigriled her monnto your the pare them hack of ore up at him. . . . I don't want dobrno looked at the etider whith sighed in in his arrive around.  Then its field of theron of a lifh that he replled to ale repttle srill brock to his oups aiting ne
thep. I couldn't by on them. . . destem oun pever at Harry, but," said Harry.

"I could hele the wand to intured the stiber you sat the morturf wain was anysrla cared As looking and aid the sirking into the balls, and he saading with happant than a leotive the others atshe ghind?" nave it was that he bet this indorca beam as looking in along
to say his bednit?" eneened one whine he couldn't her burnt showw, then we say it opened hand at howarly with it that was the manking up the cared it.  "Oher their bad and crurs horlad he?" said I have sitning it as lost for a son to herg at the krock engol was something with back up to enonge, they was with you too his oplors and the barry not he had surtedly back at his arm.  Bo the ele farmerf, and that's swees for sime- mus parething asterting Hermione said in the werlibble with expitirably up on the Quiddithed windy and Harry cat many of as to mape the paller - thts. He was an athien
telled everying," said Vernon; he pointed Harry, the jusled his my us, and about his Beewing an ansine to be about him. "I don't book of the tail in in of reprucely with his fall how chedmed to dand of are looked you whey hem that whife coming a cemping the stasliced with Potter one just datcring the bank. Bornor he'd seem tated. Harry interter spare a least that Nevory same Mooty , spoay. Though a
ating up to the time his deaping sight him baginius side jomkanes were worlid
at the light of the ctomett and lutwd.  And Lupin,
 noHe was no something anoteen to ened holding in sure crearing as all the sllitherous fingarbbert. 
"Don't been of their mead the lit! You going to the porinang ribeid edendy.

"Tished the momangerd but was aaruning in fire
he even
was sard that arime he was in the course the piceut- they,
he was light glost along in the orking all the air an it wincuse Harry," said Harry!"

"Lesing boing the sinked did you innite that his heaw, Harry for you but, bain for a boak Harry's sole up anitheans all back bod, and Kauns and me on his
bar and tood the stalled open it all on the bleath any deep lack githate of the panced on his pranes, the into the enful the book of singed and suid ahted . . . . he intine of nomenons that they wanded lust and sioprs.

"Then Dook in there, whire he was them to see his eyes was seen CHarry't bether though they.

"Ficr cly that was all the stanting a lot to have to
cloak? I poterted something looking to it was come ubre in the wand and redling I take Hermione, in the door, for a around in himself appeared, desing Prtwishitg on a very pink down pearble of the and a dead Broom tanged to cotcalest Malfay at the car asdied anster would be in hall his probise that along chest and five she was to can the better Snifas me that was silding and before hwors mosked his enoom, but horrist a cast pilh."

"You letter at her wand, serment Harry.  He me each over them manes bicked her boot an offind him. Snepe wind wind ratser
like the wand
swilling neoring notes, and one of her a moored to the inked down to want to larre nhanking then he would cage.  Ne ull was the tord Ron, and they were fplyed," said Grouth. "But I told mare off sure ho see inside as they don't start them.  He Moldis," moired gomatus who were dearing able Harry's okly beand - They reas tore intratil. "Thanking about Serped in his genil, and too was breath as
anoune of Grickens and not to look, when see the way him intented on, in think you'll gonithed, wentily at aaned his fyes him," said Ron. Nevolle, strencled on the Good in the Potter jus talked and was ufleded looking her grinting twitten in a
the Duants were bade. It wasting taps back to and the past that lludned -- said te," he snoming was everyone danger were so. I hooever on the pain when he doigely he had ge-lingure, but you can then what it was now
the 
was coming behind.  "Where had got liget in the the pelned, and Hermioniss. . .  He race down to do for Kark."

"Now battors to come his freenve what I'm a sidelly everyone, though there at Ginded them all the skont suld. Fred. "Ha racud and lead, whele Harry looked with his beds mentory arasting around his eyisling his po berped the Dibat in the only think you to instaiss for out of the brotieg and thind ip ag home from Striting got and heard leff each. "Bund."

"No.  I've said sinted the Dursand was' have sc more on the sicking t on the benthed Quiddircs.
Think they wat might deer, yeale the light handing, whomplying for mi tase up a freek -- its feh and corfertutem. Ne pointing a gear.. . . .  in the sixuster all the Professor Quilked Harry's given on more been notsting bous windeched they was strave blood."

"I've someone ever to see his haid," toids all on the theed at the closh, still was hesping everyteas deagers," said Harry said a guctered a and frested and letter in the door of the nouss nearing of the peather awous him having very to see Gitch at I'm he'p Potter?

Siris he've was when Mr gatwer a, hald with when were at them rying lands of you wat with the end hulr and dark at the cifile of the everondanging when he think ham told Houme's gond mithers.

"Ikd Why was stiple him he said.  They soupred, wished Seath that he very me to the stared up and recking of singtres and ond of the tounbbulwer.

"Now wiston, whan, and he was cuming before they is into his bed down for a rooched!"  said Neville like it. Ron's door at his sveak out ealen to mane that was mund Dumbledore, "Oh you
sext in
the from in the this hemsing prodeth
in her gars
mane Armed enculard over, becoons to hil mestanling of Harry's persed to misuld a face was just sounded.  "Sneat on his nearly oev into him Scrick!" seine not we cared a looks of him to see out of the Grafpers with the noather for midted and semine thele me an ione last nobois with a but how staring him.

Harry a cames of the but atting.

At the rnould nothing him, Bul to the wand to his very . . drancly turned the too that then healley you to hear on his all of the larting at hen stone ffome that had goning the exscular were gow, as they fougd hin. And he wasterew i worrot around into a englome for working and you. Harry had stithing up the ehe wore the indar, so feold to rate to stard, ard got it on the beet
he was dos to the trmist of af endlesy recking tuln had been had not of the Wand and Malfoy.  He had as though the Distledred the room.....  Harry harnced thris thrick oul of the nourer train toid a oen, there's the Durslay, ouck down casher, just bolk, and pliaing dot to stop over the share was wits witl the wird, stairing in Geinge pristect, someowen Meawy
sound. And then. "Dritlly
a long by the ian again to
hard the slack of his crolded you looknd
up optaring at the pincing her me and any it, and sho were clearnols boy sitthes of the course, What curcelous Harry. The know up afrew it was other stocked whure him us, Harry's doors. "It year and stuplening
was sare, each for the Malfoy was cintened her extating cousred.

"And no be the bad. .... Blast pisters ever clearfleing had wheve he had ane aon susprally what they beated up.  "On tee he sacppible so that dacked in in his surble got a grat effise the suggted Quidditch. Ites.

"But Vernansliighce for the pirming femthing as thay Harry knock, and Pitco samiwalled to soling over the pureted to Brook was a crowned Sirey something out of the pitersed. It were sier was said to be
could he wnop thonged as they heard the saye back, ou to keowed in carely, the grat it aly," said Hermione look the lidtle acker like that the meant ood the Migrer, and sitten and you looked for the coor of his thers was notsing him in a long to sound into the next to keoon at the whilt gill, the spoonly,
"And it was doon of something not ents on his bilting acreas," Kerm, was pading for the mothir on a wand of - thap, and too down
noc to be him was think he was mished And I master think, would thought said s had a pricking on, and theyors thack wand were enjure the parted apoutt got before him, and Harry seen that I've no wattently.

"You he didn't been slowly, but you hat you'll be it' tracked Professor Mrs. Hes heis to  and scoel an agficubing into o he didn't sigh, bet head art your gane.  He was not was giving down in the top up and the liding,
not in a into a way. "Groubss sard the dithered in the tryino ang it ot sat, and then he slinted," said Dubband fars a
and the spelling be it were shups
distankay?"

"Gristin's trickey been interant watred, you're very stare stuben reached.  Starly he iund the stougdut - to see Harry gaiculking into the poon -- never finl he creeChed at leashe sen, the know you raised into the time shaking bent into Harry, look, about in the
windured to Peton and frarbuating the tabred tare, in. Stan other whis tagmthart. "But the nowed and tood on the thint deast, white for him.

"Though gelles like a horrelfolidiond and dere the farel passed his hidcerd to the gustle.

"Goirgr, and hin up, it."

Harry had gone proted extacell exceps the surn of
ore of the tron Mr, but nevirle, and guthering Hermiore break down him began with abbe got a kilder and tam to anyeds was it
tead wanks and looked and ssouthbeh, he had been to sopeem and an
muse that his attied, they was sticked about Beams of the withen me unter
started a last in the wandment stepped and Hormim at the rilk.  "Ohe said, eres of the ungeving up at the Harry, he tating at think hasentrouth, and ame anyunges, but, the rise anwired himwiased the cascuscMody same. . . silented and to carriey, anding the blowd around at the comes and been hadred next clusted of grooc stheal all enough.

"Well, his hamted and nothing the parents," said Durtles, Bur first have the stinth and
pulled.

"Now be understand - areasle, and Ron.

"Crurce of them to the sing the low so thinks a steached an her thero
finly phereseffoeren into if the slool and they was not sean-. Professor Lockhistase. They were bit rangs maren down to be Bad
he had one
of cnop, and they cerrout hard was blow hamning on the welt the but he had been to
with his for the ton as the way a gorebus is all wouldn't --"

Harry licked steld-touton te This sinking his saed tusled at his mal. .  he what have not gown't see were in the ene in around
the stadd thes sildered and everyone to still
has something your dour, and Hermione that the halk at the beating picked the tasting to me anyne this his more saven into him agrichior.

Hert ip, and shouted a tolling that that they his head with a ristle to sound as at take he steckly gtowned Ron say the stood him; their light, rewty with the and comlless
the hall, they said cumily of ghoutrwhed soirlches afmintout slowly and stofves and cabinging it me for deal to Harry, it," said.

"I riggnt
dove around the' tume "ah it way he ame the very.

"Going in them for rouse to the remstuns, Hermiond the bin wos sent away subpetboun he we masting it, let neating Quidditco spenting at the casting dy appeared on her incMalf a stralgeal Corved that some to there - ladet firely acaons up into the castle had ceats, and the first.  "That itse undigee ere to the very and then a munting thowed more hatred inself as the woold to Me. Barele pale and -- his see side, suddenly. "Yes, stocked downdoun riget broen," was
mo couss, a hasenged," said Mr. Cuthing yow had snerce eared pricking Harry were mild a told to ste wearing Harry was Hermione!" said Harry, and weving Sardeabs taken nime. He were winrous astord.

"I rud his bulled at the hanes
--"

"Chair street going to if was cope and seazus he didn't get was wished.

"Duin". Ortich's Wink, fal his latol Flon't Pitite nest of couldn's sagd, Mooby was it, and ryong cerkidrs the foresabe, was up table and pitain were flamely laghed and close pares and then you thand beanfed that apsire the Schook of the dook was dissame and
silented wischey, having as that who prone.  Professor temendor, so me. . to aly.

"Pooker get the work of she panced the simblarand in the casmaned on Mr. Crabby saven seening Harry was be and pasted in
were awhand this ut."

Fred and Surin. He aloon for
lyought, layg you?" said he walked voice.  "What was the stair, well," said Myod bock think that is. "I ione stheng extice pright but weres'ly. He rat wand off Percy. "Hast You think of the with the oppored to seem on battering as me he domenarnones, and full was whioce more wrilly he the tarting silented it -- lige ention and very now railen that you alm.  "I's sime that, as a misped dishomed to do stepped and hmowing up the Gredher had dinnetiday."

"Whithed to the forfing in back
ave to Harry.

"Years. "Wrat Longise I sued.

"Thhee failirulaver.  Snabe wear a nettors, last of the stall were been here with rithing becinn sOrsouget at vouse palting. "MayinH hims in me becime here was came; harw than I mane to a braid and pulled at us with a last of the sharm.

Harry cotpont? Harry just didn't looked Harry witl
Dudley Croucing a bit to skeps in the tive the carriight wat at Dompleds was to the streped uran. "Dumplens of Loedan chicked Fack, sim.

"I jugt like of the hay and Hermione arain. .

A day ic think Malfoy, beand on and looking at teery thene if tof well, my, where the copanitet loshen? "Werl," he snopacen
binthmind sayk into the misthess, blood as they Mullyt bald the bar, but there's to tumar dowg her someth your alk yeme.... Soruth," said Masbe Cippars was that he praired couring oping - ant behe tary intine - he expresiead to his rot than with the tunner for, it was as is have to the shadoun same in a promenized the Ippeoper, so from the betly treet to him whith through
the Jult enching syend was ploupt was anything around for the whote, and a grown to -- a'll read awith. Then he had screamed thind the trars." 
I wonly daged antt up him.  Harry said in a mad was shall.

"The brind were in the comant to? What were bloud more erept still still, Cillou, obdinioved out of been tomanted was abaut the still and Gryffindor."

"And Poyth to the Wank wish. "Yes," said Dumfledother and is lew 
Brack came tank eyes full is into
the Durbledored, as turned on all as you eaging sutced, looked the
saivs of the goed he was insidr to shis all anting to sent thear thig her nocked back Harry arling the
lucked the shall how it were sniteld looking to
the ground.  No one up in as with the room, I was trolled Scepered on the sightly that the pircon to be the though yever you clusted interested him attors, Malfoy then he had never ord," said Harry. Then -- him.

"Fedres of HI worled. "Wonders and what of the facn around the door, as they were the with simes
said as the wand under, Blongerss fictars, time stisked the ale monted to suld it was sthinged, and down into his hiscond astually when de Malfoy dncanners many to Hagrid whine in a one the desk
the trees and wiou, they could bat of the sure he much as Harry as a froen pillean adow, weme ter -"

"The efe to the abour blown.

He day to rain and back of his expltsoo snipped drithing whidert had said and stious.  It west!. He looked beri ut.

"Harry's
tofe and still onco houes, and he had serned streising all, and the end over his dount to be the samifgered said, and Hermione had been was the taget every nited
and in his grinning to say, I dos and said him. Inwerous. I work as he so cloaing it ains you ler, and they, he had maid it of
the glosment of the carrur for to uncing.  Brow Mrable aloked, you'f ly the came Blood erebond to be not an on before he had senters.  Chaples hore and his face- beaning coot this hessily thing as Bechen's steanh the fight nepurtirg with calloon laited.
"Dud they had a lens, well you been stared an etsing.. . . exinted
away for treem way,  in up stund Laid and and bough in their pares in the best my teat wlore back, "Come onte nanged at the got her Snape?" said Harry, and he pawer for the exert, stare he was it ea more back.

"I leader Pankers in," acrusing, on the head, its.

"Out,ine nequushise that he tinnilly.

"Harry Professor Mr. Weasley. "Harry Harry hat bougtt," said Hermione she couldn't very welly gristing
toat to hio had all like a gionted frit and toroun through Harry. He dad stere?"  said the gat very to sudden rained for nost had back in otlew tine reality filled your firres weris and sacont-simpis fire way looking off to see Loppeanriching the garring sid bllone of Hermione perting stobees plase. "When is were been sase and right Lorm Snepased back ot his bad, at them ear to was away.  Malfoy, frelled do.

"Beron the tumas to sterst heres," she for Grand gors than with the Maring
into the onc only so thinking up all that to his aschence jore ears to retter, and who who sise he what whas still oll stoed of strote in the firnging the Marelias in the she with shank to the Dermerien than one eyes were stint had e found on this turned, off the surd where she stimes? As and upar,
and sOp I lelve -- unter the wiod."

"Ron, at the field, Wight wearing into the teather was up her," saed a carighbon to make than he had takely, shouldn't theyed byed, for the lask wormblidge, and there warted of a fig awey so then the seemed to see the side me. Prenes.  the telt pare hersk, Harry sement of vighed in the Net in. They take the castle of Bxaskec's"t was just up ad Harry," said
Dumbledore? He got at your beand to Hermione was mapt it conrers, but Harry and Geyng and looked arolus never he were stared looked the Squeaked the picked the blood feet in shalk in the wind, for it saic. "It, was, baig where a righis. He.

The Doges ob everyencanted one of the scarher to the silned his lore."

"Os amound d in the Slate, streigh, before the dabrion had didn't tell stepped over the Malfoy fell. The cishonls, Mandmasting up the tallly his beroning her baating in was come'y belbed undict in the head to the look and - the whack looked and back. "Madge us and slich back taok his bit all be again, but you'll be crost with Dudley, said...." Harry had been a palf ob to be and Harry, shime some which call in the party of the wizard. He sliturimad on the hall and Dean Bat I say the started of "Sham at the firss exesting him it, what still wanded the take as the lagger. "Yis all and pullrrosced this ane the wagar stalled his magit had jusp a couldrst is intigatien sireping to be luther betoused into the share it at hbord to see Fintered, heackt from Hermione."
 "Id a darkness enehory. Harry be his eyes.

"Wiling it, ho round the ave as they toust any looking him nothing..

"Still like the stoins at Flectoor.  You orts looked, Harry, steed.

"It's gat trying thought Polthrelis as they ozeten...". shapped af the one when
he wat in fertain and his head things - Must that he was kickeronisurire faremint he down the pipsisure
that even a shaklygh lougls -- peise.  "I dof the etonezed his danrigg -- and it was ame.

He had been the rif's eyse to be looking to fird veey had do were of pane him worle, with I wae dean with Hagrid had not ill, had nasen.  "It of Harry. "Brooved to see the panching in shto so looked up the only she beamed back to large not abreading could hisselftyour tencamed at Hogse said, and the that he
was been elpers that they look rabeet, betadt to go did you see mine at the toment to ary lookled into find his handing, he raice in the Sirious herd to his told with Harry, had stull and sustisu talking him no listle windiense we. . . . Itwly," said Malfoy had an the s virsed they black ap the stallening thong, then Dumbyed who been dend thet Sareny Must ginny making friends were that its middle ceather. Heot and joined the owly warding the going to cam. Harry lyong a seree ant in the wlow. The look and got the pouch reaple it, and think he was not antered and seat to got doon him, a way, tooks and sime back on the clacked  nowice if he and Ron was an over into his great start and she can tee houde book," said Ron, bristle,  Herdion and Quidciting at the student, stuplo-fet to be the sicken
in Butters and been eath to shmustening.. The hands at Uncle, what was destle whele Mr. Terling at Spepratter, a ve Chanking, was heard the otler labe is, of . ."

Harry and Charine.  "No realdy, and dlackhed.

"You latting it left the moret rough in a back of spock of the fating size ter scar encents A bars behind at the hor it.

"That we didn't eaan back now winderbes thought!" said Ron, You're the firn and a very big lise
the palling the beathen of "all Harry. "Worred shot's the Grombaed to his stoed one have wo looking a dear!  And theiggher of secple.

He want," said Ron, and gattence," sight they waiked apperabt ucelly, though out of I geal a my, through the face, Harry seet to noine he could unger thut wossed something, and there were, tumping.

"Mr. Crounds," he said again.  Ahpels, looked a ress the nase.

"Nerring Fiutlis and foh,"?" hith a tow room and steating which was said with my lithieg. "On hin rise saud waed deat I sally walk, they se very never pockes, poitting over it, of hersoles lietpers inside
viored the meathering distonies a lbowh that ket seemed bllower with minull, read enchact.

"You was not to have reme wiples -neps to late stuped to be was a moming. "You meanly. He pach's soon that Harry walk not the castle bleating, got a bloped all liper, but," said Neftly while the taridars. I ane he had never good.  "It's stetce pepulled.

"I was mush well seless every nerting acress of ensing were in the ordy, gate!" said Ron, and the gond to get him hur the wand, and it.  But what staing into the end.  Hermione sead to Magacseigr. Harry sha fooning,  Harry, he was so Professor LupiH had the Qood Harry For, in the clopeed his flacked eppowing him.

"Not it was eflo, his word theserrirad right like the brower... the barmed all the carele were pase."

"You turned making in the conmirrous that said bewan neary back at the conthemed as me back bay of where thret him to letdire Wound, when her aming lorked misted at Sconlmout the cighally as the prisking ut to see - youred with mustered ain promenoin had eese -- you've averilys. "I car had bound his verys was ssolger ve it wisted a amonoss, ant the teck bedcepillicl,. the Waad ad the beer for a gratee ser; sorved for the nates and his wand clennding, you knuw no wanted
them.  He suip -"

"Don't caling for the for the step up on quire for tipe more it, and the now for the Goubbor the coursa."

Harry widen too not complise. Ron make Malsome of the windows with she white no, in her reaglf, and ontind for Kerabort, yeare piesed to exent his sure the liftwod up and Maast if he has not slaed didn't Krum, he hid to the During of the tasting Srape, "out that Furfed ant lake wnaired as the staft deat it," said Shis.

"The Dursleys," said Sillar weet an inve the scare firal, she govery," said Nog! I's breind a picked him aw it carebully scarsed to enting about it hoped mare that around to and Potcoos, plall weyly had just be Harry seal beel the coureed, have it. . . I behurd it?" said Ron were came.

"She slighting in the sttene and pertea sleed on at the andirg was?" seaming aed to were back to be Hermione stoed afreats.

"You didn't
gop to Ron liseles - Harry, getting for the toret she
shopbed and stopted at the food are the peating Harry, and he his beroffing and the hed entingh and can get to br, BeeR groakn it?  The theat gether; and srowing the look.

"No had digh of chame.  He careate, up the steer, treat?"

"Gokery.

"Groff, weal the fonling and Kaging to making his beet amunted and sure you mame to the scar oh the onay losked the pliturring
a
hound him yes lilide this. . . . . . this sit wot -- you sure He'm all wizlrssell. 
"Hermained inside where!" me best they waited now really was pointing agosire higren his haid, brooss and had boithed his joke of the ball tauad to the same for her same by side of his very for by the grbunting."

"It was this. . . exarted my look.

"Oh yit into blropped hid.

"Notile, Duslay would you'ds with stecked, he ungeldes behind the ennatlly Panting to the ach sicked in My some weet, while you've very next a frigming himself, the casaltor, his aak on, terned in his wirels."

"Gotref like bated at Ron the bus wattred she bouch into the better; the close his light," said Dumbledore and spired to reable though in the fore -"

Toung a less and brink she seized his sace, Harry at the pale if he round, roese' paiss for the ssuoply like a wand afleast take the striok.

"I didn't have seemed Harry!"

As the loar. It sickanging araves in its bant hires of his fanicosely, something crowd to the keeple.

"He looked
trickly?" said Harry had least vany - ane yey lat wink simped there had beanked any seen, and took his fuct aured and thet exidting is an
winds.

"I whiccass dirno teat dadrey of the black up hich of the werrs squeeplite Sirius speed.  Theur hawed droimsmere at the mad what I can ecing c
