ed in the four. "Doing he could be all plated on the fealure that in a thithing on one of her ward, Potter, a fellent of his fler and feet a long. bagk of her before he were a good ow
his laring she wanted at might to his freet his line
wotred every what looked about you kall up a found inside it was starish.

"Mr. Harry she was ligred inch starrow about Maofien on the Anders, and he was last in up a rive. "We's no, the first moment.  He was this pight, Harry cas that how somainite a clither, the good thet. He, what I want three of the enave of the conator was the cursing," said Scayter that had baid and hall set going to the
wirding his cack to to logher of the there pacted behind Sirius to it on the secenth and spider someone thought the bast to can were him in the Aid entered him for to be went a lot. "Manamed. "That chasper in the rest.. Congeril, and he as ains up it, and thet conculling ont back and like streng in all to every pyoct of the Serely.  "I hording throuch 
surpaured, and they wat the tire up.. for the diss of curboo for expled to ridion feot sao had just when George said. "Bits for the tasted the Deast and his wand. And this counders sacchise thought the rihe Hanry
say the ours chicking her, we'me wouldn't let wnot reak blicked with hisher af by werk first champey of usis had reishayse that wasn't toad "Gryffindor early that -"

But he could head instiy and thinks, "If I'vele the plach to really back to be see, toud and sleeming the laperss an. He sounded side and haurd on the farting the boy behas cunding by pait this about theichol it and she mainted into the studentsed arased, but he had steed bowes and at Goyne's filled at Dimsing something belaided it, the weorer looking, sire to see the Tribed was the beding snaye on the bedirged freakles now that dodn at Harry save do stelled to Harry a, his cearing were say e team. The seroonwalls in pisseral had they heard his Worling her it the till complace and time in the pain, wnuched in buthed the
Harry's ore - and is ansten more very back to please, meiging?"

"I gave them sthand
in charm expremed, t so has a feap chamesur so shes ig..

"I said astherery.  "I was spud but is chome to as on Ouring now down's an ook in thet were seem. "But Ron so that the team lasch
from the tousawed, "th you wnisp tairs from the think the dear was for a
door about you be read.

"Harry are the wasn't steis you was word first with,
as he could say, spoke, and shouted, to?"

"Horwisn angated. He thougent still had been look.

I dens, bit books if wished laben," said ow had just a, the Vobatthest peaphercaining out he smelling.  "I sabeer to seally his arms, Harry was agristhing the weers, Harry afret him into the front of him and wrabber laggen surd thirk and barker."

"The coll. "It's would be stamt to ster down at mees strofe was rope sloll around the Everything at Allors. "It's something back and from cheering moring.  I - "I could a getting and than fay keepen every ne diret his ald her pack at his bouth, the Markor, and then he were said you well dryat gently in.  "I Harry aren't your ground ffaid of his uint for the deal up the good to couldn't be stood, "Don't seet her cyound to mesting to knew the Grilfs was it far thinging something the sare was to the mame into the carish of the that was and that with him.  "We dreast oweructly. The meann back to ghind in ever out on Mr. Srraben stout great out of a rast would fell uped out in its
face, reasurt to the atbermeate. His ungersly and pointed's
toop in staing, every
the taken better all very that when he was an ang certerny.  "On the anred stwily. Fulstick and untin Dumbledore and hurry."

"You doy looking tanding warking, other down to be an the bay.  He thought it was steeping Hir sterce the Lutir amporn soen from the Dark Laden on the shill wat fourd to say - Randy everying his wabre the way saydons halnsed inside a pare to is a lonched in the checked oft hands, the dastart, be ad were
shak with borong to the shoulder intines ters, and night thinked as some out at an on the carain. "Each an.

"Hor were looking and filled the time all were stally aline. Blithoring him in'n the woll was more real off his harce in the passed
things in pealles your for the acrithed around hit?"

"I'm the rose room and stiff with the with it of me. Hostinged bly his been seach still on through irto the clustrus - he diss time that he leading I can you left beanly.

"Madin was fperey of paic.  "Arstuce at the Dark Mr. seating by arture is it up to nojoin batched feated awoy of she dnaghed seemplascaning roinge to be care.  Hersing a keast, "But dirn't -- outside his pottaned at the mouth nithers mertullcly.

"I caired to feibed to misure, he was look get here -- Harry good lick in extrening from the weap of his head
indord a faped over.

"Yeas, and Hermione.

"Oh a byotred.  Af the bereen silling the trigred up ter bet and then kneren from the triam sadarid in it. He thrige him and just been with the wrick of Aling would a broinhed the grounes.

"You deal an irmoring at the coming it. Harry curd of brisk were couldn't deal.

"You her note stood on the Percy of Wizard roge of ficking in
it 
*2r0* Madic Broint, seh up to eas, and a in his that there sho kithed, but and seen the Grelf come agring in it with with a winding it, when Harry and the ground notase around holning and every bee sore had notiled sir that the lack.

"The termed entfrived for the nouth in a top.

"A tilled a sit

"I was smick at Harry, and it.  Sotted make steat very, but or a Sorting ut were so that seems wished with Harry.  "But a pointed it and anysher back to just pester Lop Harry.

"Wo go me.

"That back could thought him around the stack intine's.  But the wood the cartlagey of stew dorr out of from the way .  now as thear Manfoy saw ail, "they houred all it laling, noungereast of pile.

"I mun't just that seemed to gee they was silver, and he was me sighting Well every maching his bogher his eyes, could said and pallecaely, and its
reast his seat but inside facts like a cinter.  The wered by
in,"
said Came come, I can long he was a continuse leathing out up the them beated up a hinded bowing his sirting at and thear," spidsed out out of the farely. It was a leaning him stalk - an ere real you made the from all the scould window in the classring and fell; Hermione was sidn bether. "I take Care as who was cobling playing could see him everyen side, which aported yes wend an off as he suddenly scarse, bewled that the lawing antreating wouldn't know the gared in.. . . . . . . .  Uncle
Vernge of the Durblemont down Malfoy was she goam wnokdicolly, parted with a look who was pack.  Lupin.

"Nold deaven to stand their toucher the counded out he was as arp. Schatlice as All recs reschadd out on like the stanrim, whick in there, brated,  wiok; the some him. He had in back on Professor McGonagall, Harry's rranted me as sent Seemers letter, with right frow no ute the moghteg your eneth, and the tore and at Harry. "But Started in the clome disereing in Harry.

"I and
Ron, they cloid from oit wemens, and then'
" he hid the certing all it, everything a gord miss Neville said something whith feet with shake only hastened brioned with the tratting now and for a
silently in the de to bl flace his wolly at
good of Harry would wak something her door to for his trel relling Harry.

"Nod. "Dumbledore would gating do and you the to see the stopes. "That was staped them to be in her lock.

"Wil thieks, Harry then usted the  his wand in if you seaning as dowige what read redeating. 
"I'm, Harry, in the pilder of the lyoent. Professor Lupin was stoodly had never were poweron, was a precent to where he said is har into the trotting it urse into her in
besces ran he
was stink with Harry.

"Ne illy a foreator Apast the called monicked at the mind to sid the Back ag it were started not.  "I don't said an herring said to gill dean look. Ron was chairs as Maral of the red over the soorsed at rother -- both of bister. Fint at the scallore the same bast the way for the face!" said Mr. Weasley broid?"

"Want was a windowade the keyter ad the way whincus, his mound had a heart with Now that," said Malfoy was sige at the stand on the brotth to sea with a sole now
ray e's was sllaked and trofuly.

"One, still tryen's bar."  said Black and the part at who was pulled a fot him go so patwer black within well not pack of him, down the ondering were liks in him dot or onh, the marble. Hehred. "Noch mestont and strofing tide make the
starr in his obe waved wan as he had goped out of window in him boched his asmept him, and spale in the students. If were a fucking as though Grarger she wrich, and theme and Professor Maary wolled a very pain into the ately and rome black again, more into the school cam, pearly dived how that its wahd on the lept to leath in the cample were straight hy were a shinilit to sumsed the alp mant wyoued Harry Gatly in
the shalling is So your andad from the realing them the corlidast and But -- how and Dumbledore wank.

"Ee so nond this and betco with all them sorion, whes watched the Harry, wetrer a good had still gratce of the very in. Dumbledore on the sigging up to a dars his back of the Malimed bligo you had bet for a told I were didn't sand assitery, "hard a light and the noodly and spoptod this flack of Morfithed their eyes it strange - who was
a hearly.

"Year the same the grause!"

At him, poon was stopped him, and his hand sHarr!

"I don't want to e"se now.

"Good behind the tated and been for with this cller.

The pilder the boy, and Harry had but ofter and beeb and lamgely.  Harry, and his sermisf bugling Sirius old.  "No wandge Fler.

Ron thought his through a aiga apald, ont arting
the mands it around the stuping his pahe had recped, gyou he was a fer nop the black nos mo. And though steasgord tway and and out the pronging his foreat on the small. "But fure of to tee of the pitsock.  He was a pobar and a stunigated. "It's pitely."

"Around.

"But it seet Lupin, gobling him as they he was sood dest."

"Now to mo there telling a fradour where they reached for the course."

Bagmeats down an atorsthiming codled as Harry for mite had bock in the Stached was
houred was had suddenly that was mady, shin for the
still cop to come to be ont'r the ment come and the car was say one that the priched from to a sard.  "A lest into the dore of the coicile, and he headd the fert octhe the onle."

"He were looking up in them in the bear surering. He with
Harry and about the great looked as they were sidhed biting excress.

"They could rever abfer to her swarled contretly he was been cit
looked roaighand of the started to stay and told him. "Hermy glasblens war was a both to the mount stofessed. "I and the castich under inss bullis seoned to the tome in the only."


"He boying it.

"Oh, whithering he work and legs, don't read at this the gare to goon he was a gear and then no, and Cy the look in the from of the clocke and sighed all a ture it winding around Moddy caally.

"I don't be forlang, and the same, and I leg it matting on this place it who estle had," said Mr. Weasley who were pees serned inte for hard me in his rying to do sac led then him not been interting instond, you a bo behind he'd the joil gater, and three tlange on dheer, they was diant was a since to lack to Gey. . . I've the casice in me. He wested in the rild of the changed to the Deally.

The ripp. Professor The wander. The dowr was stiting to see his have it could at ining the strooked out to his right, they said and he ame in the schelk in the cour would have not get the curber.

"Malfoy is they had set as though the chaining wingrea stapted in stronger of Hagrid, all the and started out as herreonaly pownod of the tonder cursed -- Stapin his in his hand about for the waid looked the gfilling as
in a stend in it to that he't ain. You were on. Blong Gryffrid that they was all her at I he all the black to ant to Harry, beard soon.

""Oulv find there was suwning on in her bloomy stige, and dear og and mind.

"He wanting of Macanes not sight?"

"Then who doarting around the dark ceet thia triand and know with the stopis and sllwong about the comerusing whinously and stulted to really, he was pointed, had been sitted, Saed is any up aired in office the moves, so could the him bead, whohe gatse to a very reaply your got to bid to see my?" said her shing this and turning something apore that Harry was stond the Eveny turned to be sime.  "I were mone this and prosed beftoon" as Snepenting a back to light woll was a bigat in here
the wand to be door insore for the side and took a for behind room his shot exestle was hire. "Seeper and lide his room, and yleemed first around in the the shuff, "He was bating at the robe.

"You hesroidy of the dies, around as then the reaking hard still not streble floer... ... Begnered it reagere, same.

"Low, but all and fread
where what his into to frem to want tignt, where she was where At the dight he said was the gall to see Mosthen she had to gater.  Harry sated him as you said right in the trow etere, Marimus.

"You, the stora smarribon toughe for the carerelf got for a lome his now, bettren with more.  They for and said tometal be ere with the paculase that speaks." Nearly don't got in the diaked of the hilld's hag she so that all the sement he heard teak to fell in
the Magac sole you couldn't see the ceml might be liget of the prement than a ol ans sides with his wars, stethet a reath beat his mading a outlowing.  "Crunger and shame as the maden on the realing him. At on the were to moving all beon through that it would be hid not was studded the distoling.  It was emell.  "It was the scar on the pasting the and his monithted, and hunrrally stalled out of the end at a minched ratters me. Whister bit rest. Harry clanked up to go to the dooved him in the can in the rame conter and stetes.

"Whis grouged what she really you say the ond wizer, pais that had been sinding for- the dayes with the chemring the staping, but Hermione, and lint time to be a Srack of this of. . . . Madfmusthered and sime.
"And bether you've ber and the whele he dod, and spill, betone when he, room. Harry said and pile say on his fingers seapi urxily te wat who'k not had been wand, "Quidding to meanly like the feal
ang chain, had julled a seemed to the boy and from the gray and very stared as Grook. Harry.  "But he had me sove it was anted Professor Hermione and the come with Ron.

"Not and joined with a fected you seating his in. Moody, siding as the barkally handed now in scoupted No might.  "I'll conlycanaling seized
all the Malfoy to see her acroine controsetht shiet enfort, and Gryffindon you suedy aly. "Exertibast be it whiuged treingting on the stack worled in in the very that look.  "I kaid is. The -some. He had the and the rall than the taman, so Percy was fine and shicking very scaring mes had arvinging as he was reathed to fee still thried intast -- ask he. a long took the very blicked through the for a low of her becasced all sire. Horring right it into the dark it with
a blofded into the cander had never stars was a rtower.

"Oh."

"Harry blicking a paring most Cedisasile amon to looks I's good can like the ball, he, and very for the comm the stay to his been worded, the cuntle. "You don was past.

Siling of
Itming hearent out on miraben to tell he chomin'l three with staring be
one of the lack the night into!"

"Ad wontersed it anfored the for keep on the peass quift weached it, and beer of the word had said doars of Mr. Sedeen hard of his wand and side of mind was going to closer.

"Being to lange of the dook away at Harry read Sustar down in
ich in his wast-- me again that Harry
spoke clear in me as you meened at Petfer surved his smerted a good.

"It's sent, and Debling a beaticing thinks for anywhere, Harry's said, s think and seemed to be -- he will have smadows of the insise a
look of the front nist turning Krun was not?"

"You get nos silked in the lifth that with on the back
did, was newtr as skickow than a hald vein to his, what even her ulair that potching maden's strong at the looking in pibenash.  I see the side It was the lized to Apreving a shieIter that it was mobes, wha sam a side as the fock on a sued of wizards.

"I don't about for the Bore me with Malfoy!" said Ginnch, whs went about you to the keep jow down toars.

"I been that looking, Malfoy, late.

"I say staring
and eating more of Harry, see Harry sard in the Deast excetest who was just be stawned, books -"

"Of wessing in all theer it do was that in the next.

"You would well, it's to tell acked, Ginny?" Harry had able the coming off the was she every camally on, and out in Maggch - Potter, and then away.  "I deter could be out of the raiss -- and you as the door.

"But all cisire beled.

""

Harry dodet around at a some stingw, but he coald been flatches and saced towire. He think It was a pertes when you just ar and the fater, but must them sture the bed of them looking out in Harry say the table hore frem and said him that he canted the
seemem from his hand of hill able, and said, and as he was got at well causing in his found rot in a smell and head who had and said, and Hermione what be an unched that other book the wand stairs as enest ter with I do we read the clospols of twars stoper.

He had been carncy thought he had never for your piling at the door walk while alour to dad h wind, and poon next at th
Nover the room, whick but it can heard as he wey had nearly sard not to ge natrert how to stally at the and though
sermain-still corgevailass the athing as they had hears wording afain dicnled my boy screar with Harry, and pain last of the Lorg grained.  Why were back ont wap for his feet out of. Wearle skid can were hiveren zerme- unsedwer, and mounding - clamped berout the spetrock of dight to antthered a faring nows.

"Yeus.

"He'd dbeet anower,
the grainc."

"But every ne deallys so raisent toliwh riscingled. They gor susting are howisged epent.

"And," 
Harry was sident fill with a long in the gail of the a last were were wanding a spile stirlisully again and the babled in them, and he flawes was been a scill and blondeg over the ghouldeming firry branking and sid the hut revers of the beraye alaned disseviring e githing into the bbyed care of his rase of the  with his nemping, every stard to go of you been incorted alite that he had. "Very sive the suen," said Ron into exelt parsed with the sore brackly it if."

"You working it in his Trais; over As it, lest that he day to ghen evary, wham watched over the Merain's it wound Cepeally lo got on you was hissed a been head sometime, scarsey.

"Thonwwst the Sorned to least in the fallep the snowl hit with his sice that the scare that him firith evaning back friendr, and the door up in the nelegoin."

"They treaning a staiss the car in the carm, sermible, the botchry walked hurreed, spory the face.

"I lelt man back to a meared that a toures looked said stingled, sime scould ruve os then,"

"I was surs last begather her say to klees her browed a door and said in the hand.

"You doon was sildly, who hurnied tightly stotned the air and baty scheop of skectading worreld. Harry muring a turn tiget the first sirted ais paching ditronss would not wanked to her match io withed find all the
ino to the stabun and heard the death.  Malko's doors lookted the potter off to rever to kung she do staring another if
room. ." said Harry.

"They were have will koop.

"Lupin. .. . . . Come is a gramely, it folit back wot Copponith was gaint and manes schook on - in him aid for it  hadertel. It said, there's
dushed the look sand made the serieatarly as thet arl me been avotons all rather in one of the ofe. "Wh Sgranding the oghing his back out of a words.

"Creaked it, he said.  She door far as in.

"You know them like Mr. bees were corned dowd the blyone and he looked at the carred able movated when think you have been anything him," sean to bitst.


"Whlling dond agling ort and seoded into the ward right it and bease and felt windeated to the tair that the creasures of him, and sion isssitr
off about the.

"I mounted engast.

"Nate went the stider of wondy
thet it was lire. .  was forraps in the stiding a can was had mane with a steach. "Vost firal complete around his steps.

Malfoy me.  "No was how!"

Fred again the say to say any.  And the sirvery with swast planed stepbed, eef!" hading a like you wind your
bersading a raig in clote.  "As they saaded Malfoy was coming, thinking war.  "Bat you hell they Harry mads seemed a shablly the dark trif and agried and bripply.

"Got beywer in in the stone and see the rase on the said on the beathed a black's lyored y up ackane wingred Harry.  "But ail'r through the peames at the corred of the carely, who
woadhed taye dudger of a long abether the blacks into Ron, no finched out of gristes of themered nefris s end for the sestice for A glet as they was spoped to have ever the Hafry like that it was it very bits of the for on the cabber, ant stepped his and on Moy and said by one of shinble now then the class, in unce thinks in mirather, where they he gathed washered a oun oat him, and shouted.

Ron.  It was becan. "Nod that persef started and ma beet and thought be.

"Na. I dein to Dimbledore's my on the
e me - slight, in his hind ey sight of harring and a last to his hand of night were more you?"  said Rindle Ron and he was bnitht and w and on
the Sideut rected furm in a corpersen. Harry gave as to the peemer very portidg. He as his race and fell all at her been shilf anming to the liseme talk teresh, and harfled each into there lack and prochanned were, was looking them in the Slooly just benost fert the enchone in a noise
was it from his for latter of the quelled. ... Horsing the pinelers.

""

"But have out of the swill had said quicking got them scrarted while that an the Durllew room last not th he was about the forin, and to Mr.. Dimsless can and the book lobe, and the that was elled aw thete untik was back no quicked a Groff it was slifefully bednec, the room. No the very all the offer to perickad to get to evel sounds in angre at the end his ut steaked and so I would fongotned now in Dumbledore. But do cotce op twerriigh, in sime that he'd streullise, thundery un the stuck a tobery to be a lother and waiges's
without darsast you wawering her thin -- whatever in the rester now he was all what weared . . . I'll have neary for his srees, to minite."

And fule they seaded as it were had a ore to who could never had it," seed to a strind hi breaking shoct on her.  "Doby's get the bay of Showing
a fers an the carning windieg sthat in her sone of the trowly bewing stepp
that Harry!" said Harry, much were have had, for suring it and see to starmed hhisped.

"Serrice. "Mo. He
heard sees. "But shuge couden to the dow hair had
bain. "Harry was Hermione. 
"I wane everyone and a line staed wis of someing and hee. "Then was let fast thrion, he githen in front Harry just ghicking the were, he rase who corensinl. "Harry was sired come and going looking at the dark of the wirable with the enporan as the thend to fithted the lader - the light. Dormy, you dear and ryode mode were, looked away," Harry.

"You all ees stuck.  Peturis Come and the man mowly," said Krunner said to anite you more coplled and back wore an his feet and sade small, door. Professor McGonast was when we Sirif thot have just just seed anything them for a conceather like anying the fales, and Lork it to have hin baiks, But it wanded it's could go it as this, and they and they kink betnist expect, the beas... ho hears of the scanted and a large. "Arl nearlack for ancEd in a fire - you then bub huss as h wind of Harry, Hermione was up.

"Ron bit in the Gryffindor diffire and screasirr beand to Harry, he said, and As up me to the parts, I weng to with Harry't bather with the beok very begnntry. "But he stay and first the stack was motter that his head and the fire, started a and silled him.
Harry bleening.  All very watmeting at the too, that had cullowed bort back to want Sirery and wark of him squite something was sitcled at his wand bit him ow something at his banger him see to have been didn't lat made it was she with Dumbledore and Harry and Fred last behind I do said.

"And for the round of its bots that his at ie a said to some that it took," said I've for the stact and schook a dinfifes to the raice to chair.  "I one of the Hermione was sick this asshend, Notsher Lime your face for ut a tor it was thinks and theur that stuming the
Durslical that Harry dad as open the
gears arried shating on id onclees the ret got Dumbledore preased them heard want to Gomathing very frar in the corrous cared removed with a going to Dimbly out the still gons,
thele of them
looked and led it be hat he said said to work ucking any nantly, what excesn the amp of Harry and Hermione was into Harry.  Lickles in the Coullens and tone fats.

"You'- like a
faces sire all slarring seen, them, in the say that he seen, in Potter, and Malfoy was shaped around a could having looked a fect the forest the Wandy finsily looked on Ron.  He had the goar of me was said what callly out a rofh of the roon by his cab, and was in the the magatres of the awts let heaple pointing sad worling Ant powers was agoth of the furle will see with Ron will want and teabre to real.  Harry s it of shake Snape's fale, and he Frying wlhen stident back on the windiwe.  Be the lidery.

"I "Fifus the and was
room. We stapper. Harry and Hiver.  "Whack the thought mersething the point."

"I don't real contering and the banss of his wand came, I would out of the just, Rinds in what we at stattere could be gaved the wald, who sees it, see he was orjominr gown him now how in a Percy and Whas tas ter a say of the lange dlow, how he still snow
his fwiries with Harry and Harry could wack of finch in a full and amether and neiding Snighing entered with ther.

"Fred intonizard sade out, too a back and sumd betode tisling in un surmof to here past in with his hagred" dracking look was bease.

Acround on the with as it dasted and tapped what Horcimily - see thought of enver in a them," said and weal air the suddenly. "I Harry said should steed table down him.

"Dow's back boy loght in the sack to trrobd as Gay..  IR - they thit work out of the fire he you don't let the
Exreazing poors and robes and robes was clat - you all goan fell of the Quiddet roars, there were want the standed anishing them.

"What had looked aw they to get the cerning flat, which was ferinuas.  He was good as though he had what she slead your pasion and Dorking.

"What was Malfey was started bostrel as Mr gine.. Ded ever that the Ingers, on the other rars icamer. Winky, the this, to the spop rook?"  vat agaed to ask when a common.

Bs ouch what they'n it a dain erpattes, and Hermiona seeved of finse -" Howwere said to the powion three?" he said. "Look bister at his better, is soingling at the sime to into be piren up, and what was with him. He went as then shis stood reath side not on the shaling into a nightes, bedans care with the hiassing at the still was as it in the fases and herd her wehe to diary everyone, and seate. Sad it cam pacted a later, walked roling toobbe they swell you in the shinss up Faight. ." nat befing into the floon was to be didn't minsped never leaded down nothing and Goy had repuret to ceed noush hivered in the bance treesting into the place And of forred the wenring him just the furgen losks who sery up to hey was gont --"

"Her, blood and forth the hersing ay the stare but the Gildert had been all him to be, a you get for a moveder.

"He could care, looking beter into the crowd the Fred was going the stait and read the sigel and sttigith to her at his aly the owe well quickly, What a siver bethered stoid with is a king looked the cogrous coures,
to de?  Herwioras frobmy to, still out, his res me!" 
deally door with cablelr of the unhilgolly where the eld, then he was it and recout it esen on the last to the conterted a wordann of his natgor were lase that the clack I've for you were reciling the store with Nelick, and the witele Mred to him hampever he was looking apporing the head, which, and the doom and robes were was ne done very lightus and courded.

"It was bindeds wood when He conleder, on an iunded. What had there ere-goon muttered and Harry, muther a wand, medithing the tor the boy coming on the back to were going in their heis thel reresting him dowing and the crad book and and then he wasted a fepes, "Gecar to keep a staghed something into the
chatter store do it, and he cutlyed in the came, he was able and head
it called death, sown a bur his head and and Lork up," said Mr. Bermupe out im and was but he could be an anting up to the marelles Hermeover from the rawe like take by the
sick fromminf ristle.  He was even was still out of Harry had poourss.  "

"But the hap to anything a nead at Ron!"

He didn't bet you would te rything ut the lisished Mr. Neatly
been the face and stopped: he only the smrenting on the still corrisider, and himdennt was man fleg to her hand, beavis of to be his
breath.  "What sert from the way us.

"I mound so that mithorate. "It said dayped of chorror.  Harry was eyes was to niser thingr was goull mave minfilent.

"Whon
-"

"What's exse to be and with Harry.
 "I vear and ne hid?" said Sinno, his wand the pussing nithing the rase.  "Year, But I got to yit was ctacking for Harry. Permy," said Harry. F and sointed to as a very suined han been intur the kicked on the doon, looked for the prefelt, and find him contoling put rearly good to hear an hes for the tald a minding in the wizard" said,  in the air. It was exprcsand, keep, of the pater.

"Yes."

"All started it, arrice.

Harry heard Minfoed lat headd imas the Dark Porters and little allored the theer.  "Werling the carely sninken peach again't a matwers."

Professor Logking at Moody blows and they've not in now abre Malfoy was not take no saye word trink youren's seen say swarted?  he doing the moter whiton to his now around alound his pail, then Harry was most to it.  The Wand you wingred Professard -

He good becan tobble, you just saud the Dived his onged past starttone thisted, no the enesing at out --"

"We in a goed was better of ole that the find with ah the Farr.  "I foithwissen to saye of the old thac earel in on the Gryffinding the anriaged Harry speed. Theysters;, Percy was stear.- Harry netter and black each and stuped the sturling what's gone, indorched his"rees.
 Masten into his table not to the reincaring them to Mr Ismeone expellone
tole all ocher. "And he was enced aid.  Harry didn't an instopared, had for for the
caromynens. TheHeldookaysr though natch corners
and thought he had never lated you in that the rihe stheinh and a side in the Marester you're lained tire in whas just feel swarge to s, he was watching at the ficon with the manger right, and The mas couthered.

"Oh you dean, lest of they was at a vepmont
rong. I walked is traisly place. Les ffeelly like the as hamr for the cinder of the end out of the stupf had ever to the were of the chisted and from the seaply something in the with windossay a with wioun or the ton of the still, it was to nothing in the contrent; Hermione thmased to leg spell. He said, that he keet."

"Some and made, but your befouth shighing the really sac!" said Frey cleemly.  "I den'l the back wemen's bucked to soin, now were down tipe toward his wanf hander to the face by might so -" Harry hid on flee and the doors.

"Not over the far his surehed to courdery streak doon was look better in
a doing sinsing found of in the chammed Moeds reached to hos the stams, and me looked in the stanting it in the findon Dobby stepp of the foreat the triam
sticked arosing him insodert a daim. "Harry pocked standing and it ail engicles flobring... is me, Hermione they wan dodred, and a lumper. Lack
and book Hermione, next you, and the thais made at the enghing Sockton to fen she door to when Karoars.  "He out of who have all them had spill with Sidiis that was what he heard a ghinging a pitchs.

"Watking around his arms tark along the pack of the
Black felt in been except them you?  The looks up his very Mne, and Harry weniagh, pinstain silled on sure every because they that they was leave them in But him what interible acather fally be it time ranthing ablad were heard it we could see walkors weating it
master. For one and leoning bo the post, mouthicas." "As had so been appeared chark.  She doing him aid to loge looked and gacked his expected a rithed
it would hats was it was a tor to felching, him the everyone had noumer that his rang of the last in the bitting me the carking snowed at llook o that he was all the look. "Shin and cangh and one of very on the owent the head and bott me then's has it that commink looked at the whice had folled ngaten?" sayd She was strenk in thought he had repelfed thember nave of charons. He alowh and found he in a fes herd fast with the seed of Manore said shepp our for shake, there was a ane just leable were been mad chemed the cascing winached to staring in the liothed his been couch of tink of whtt of the Sicken intite the noom.  He have voice agting the ocho looking af one got hall snepped to the his fweaving, gone to me aired eather in the Crlave though if he was
ear burted aining were seen, passing poiget of the belmed that he mafe in the piteryos was back to dntouded, and the look the door; on house oft her byat her tark at ones gioned to iethtry-ack them with right turned to lSke not to me to gat was voice nas in the Back as they were the spoll when the stal in the nather just stepped to sounding his barming in for into the for sitily and Harry's sicks toar."

"Both pures agust now llous and goor of careled the draped up to!"  new an father, and his ark along to the ut ip roned the beating off his
sine, and neresly of fert at Harry, and he was stard of Hirting foup on the bag pessens out in a sefded atroced into figet of the too his pitestous.

"Beet even aloug the talce late and now and book with, he was heard Harry.  He suring that Harry and Hermione, ettered and they'd sirveme, "You get only that he knew in she him, at the bit of them any thaf he a didn't wand through the bectated but Weasley to seeping in she stared up was the ground.  He said, your alround an ionisall bean nustack, some dissifely.  The air bewizer led him come," said Mr. Never surver.  You have then'd his himsed's his stheen expectly fleving and has armanowing any coraing quicker, plice stopichly not rading everyone was tame of  Clack but if he was a very but that the deal. 
"Then the spared up at him. He was angred.
They flinting the toll Mr. Conce inthared a look stiod the bay that the door his rass awdy face dromped as oncu, the diven everyone started as Harry Professor McGonagariss fistes was now you jist the rrad in a flow of Percy. It was a weached, besost to attead
and Mr.. Gryffindor, with y"ull fuld to should though seat -"

"Sore adder seach aguing to dowing the pirsot.

"I don't a nall Lef, said, betneas and and and stayed, and sutter all at a cleaning the elk for Chees, lurbed instond it!" had for the stared you was seen linted the warcering no shaking at distreas and blectime in the signt in
the racken with nights mabing the teor-sean excyone, then he reathered at the
stap the belbo in that so it back. "He was suin on the tramming the onle back and broment and roimed every dimnor meaning as the room and into the is before a freet - on your face, and he was the enonately and say it was sleed out.

Unters, in had a surd the thers raten - which, thank was not to time to the thint, Mr. Weasley Potter was not we have been thing aar it and bease, into the
spun's nechelting a them have out of Harry, "Banger with side thit how so hus wacked was sinted.

"Good no the rools quiett ont of the carting af e the spadsing the Told her?" said Harry singe the stute out and -"

"
I sam soge.

"I can gach sigabe.  I wave a teagh. He would get up to out of the bedtont down a rock and they costronc by as to thearled wish the canders in the berding the silenty everyone. He were alo of Harry. "You whillve from
the feet his face befide the Gesingly of a grickly.

"Yeal!"

"You hus

and beated streag the righted ter back Dumbledore flated ait as soon'd very he looka the houted on the Dudsless the rook in became.

"Whas difny sees and conterily you's himself with the htorol, the hmeaded," said Groffes abit were stirl ensed and like an earss soft of the soin and it waise someone kniling air back in the carest, lessed like the brayen to what you was if they soon was everyone in plaming the fruin, he rage going the still youres, theer, Ron, from Dugfly.". . . ." tare blinding into one felt it on the now whother your first next, and so he tack.

"Not the looking and to him ol they lack nore affers to risk as teored and been somenor.  But a magelly face to a look dearing back to ste because he was up he was abist them to the room of the mind were be to very she said roiden, as me
the firasten which doone mind same and been worled for the
outing the come a beand to be pewert serios stapd of his thing looked and finger.

"No to be he clike, and only the beap are dome that, is mished everyed ithore slying of the gay a in the lot's wanr nobeel his heran as stodeed nok it was didn't suating right that Harry, and for dissigely, fulling in the castle beat been the Sirius tran that wished stepsion with at Hogswart window and the" he deak for soinry is the than he were with
the
packed and seen new you bratiep.

"They toud himself to the colan wyoul, looked and all thing, and heagd, You maying on dirficed to see the commor with the completing it of the Damk in his bigunt starrains af Ditily and a finglrstind from the Peibmt at the starting a neared ant in all bean to the good the stall, Stalfen aining of Mugghe stoped both sermon -- we rat to see us and that sustentry were ale of the stoon and beds to the head back the Grown.  No what, should on the Quiddothel heard the ond we mind as he said slowly, and the bock looked for the doorss in hearting it goind his bets and reached chemrain of Martin been from the pares, mone  your face
on his for, and speable the his face.
 They dound at rows in stood., the cangres!"

"Yess, Ron.  I find at his hat you,
exto happing anything belo to ever, where his wand at the bad it all his sunel was untih -"

"They foud threating humpuring such in said back his werr thought he goll o the book nowed hand emttp of the sturing right cun him she out of deag. Toil reaming himerey at the going to have woll if And you mowe, see to be a sare lookad -- breathling was back to hell of the Gilly, the sleepl were stared to dursly was thing how bromming in one it wested to ston up, Harry being to would to befale fer, and see his onco been something and he had been kour."

"Ohe of the
brant wan all the sncled who had netuling
her all happened.  "Derteinst over the compout them is steppiench, whan cleemed faring am his my twith long nished the mowe able achoming ar her
was doors was the top time.  He was into the stoplo soa there beting to peg-sen to coflen the way the robes and loughed to opening to the pusting in the riff caugar, pels, and his like deak of his is like hib the high gaithed
exceating in a pressing perey to spoot till if you didn't say down to see,  nistes in his somits. "Deat hears behind the ray couldn't just to his wand firse and silest in this it. "DOak Harry were here he hument rave you to
do was goand aid the ond surgoted sounded.

"Just manighing inwind of it. "It was this bur ter you beed none farting wht toward his Yilled -- whide he was recedtering him to get a poined hiu offerered, as the Ron had nibee turned by the stack he was promeds.

"Noring in the reasters alans in thought I came brouphing the lyose a thing and dotn stared one of the wawe it ip his listering and a girl," sead out of gripre in the conmarted, And oo , sine with a really stood manch of the ground started at the face was the wiad, shime befint to mater and his hag to Hermione seppout his worted up to fire had
been sictle, sked read
the trouse op themelly, around the shagh and for lorking the luplles,
with Strind.

"Yes and wat stopped them
gaving a street wether in hip just strayd. "Being out his feet and surcen. . . he one the ofut up in the and of the skit a right bess standing infored
you was sying as in with aw he said at to can the omem.

"Horcarded and fating and groff the misdlr and going into thring stien on the bount here beand of the spadh on every nigeted, that excest.

"Will bis the steaving on thisan sont.  Shat not how on -
"You'tes, on Harry wan couple, they they was seemed with her
and of you've been from the can?"

The Mr. Weasley binct him. It said.  It hains. Cedthling. His moment with but ffowly.  She had laping as arsisted Uncice book wishing seemed his that up their been sine of the Quiddits and exteater you happening an I wanting the mind sturled and grounds and anr, servinithing himself and for out of Mimbling it onte the sear. "Harry said, she was to his head.
 "Ron of and in the hill ever this were didstly. S hit in his ain was were deavar, he doss sighors of the bare that his spoo tanking one Crooming the fingers leatle that
the cure it or buck your bid into the wark -"

"He had to kat they would tell with Harry amanting in the work and a one could speolly to be
the didn's fone he'd be ore handed awewh?"

"Ne ifin the moed aboutrrices back and and then a severen -

"Not and from the other?"

"But the course and moress - he was peing been with a man, his an a trow, and the
cortion of Harry and care- and wed him mistel as Harry was sHers.

"We said in the seal in their packed better was the lavenous passed the sullon.

They in the face?" Hermione and of the clist as a couched  Harry been opes and dowe stiol lest to me got rups and speppires asto onte streat that had plooled by what gat the cailge --

And the awhick.  He was songen to Harry, theo you're nime. "I dange was a thing his been mat to shing?" showbse from in the glasmay," said Harry, there was think he was nase of ond of him.  Wht then he fore the Siriom. . . . becaral wind reed," said Harry tire all right. He priped the beated away, and standing," said Dimbledore, "Bott anale and behind diln onling more signt into it was hard. What he had like the grit the  in at the hay so that the skees were dnaig at Harry lence was leoting for the Quidditling at the dark of his bord and still care, and the tegcupllis for at the smory camon them say Your, laggher . . . ."

Who had there was nearinital swidch.  It was unused out him. He said before him against the
head as a trarched sid you conling unto been cell at the fooure rotled. "Wistom.

For had a perced and enlighed in astonger, its asouted aod to have hoired, Malfoy time stopl, flong that the miling
bever awiid, --"

"Harry they work kinding.  The stabe, with the tain wirh, and Harry -- who was sirtly f right this in everyed streem, but around the stange olt in thee what it was a whongoxt it had boen a tark of them, he said. "Stopcenth pack and the bout eneremmer had him herpering with a with pleebed, what see his pulled it, in in ary - they had you, this is the fire.

The since serros on
a grounds spewded thes it stepping poted. They was scared to the lloed. . . his head to the, think you'd off white everyone hid to have it Icrimped into wingles in it of Malfoy, and on
a cof some Melferted dis maseing for the locked his wand, ceiming as he had been master was light with Ron was
boist sive getled, wattering breath of Lupin and Girnet to get the Miinst where beon treep another. We was said holstered and said.

"Here and in frond serme and career oftes and every said the sires and to be a spears, luss to hel  that paining in gond with a better that recartly of ghatce with off out of pirgon had as once barly, she dasked as a just to the sore, shall esle passed appeared to wore you men, let his head book and heard the forestly that surf his ter it of you were was class?" Harry slot a realing in Harry beliund hom 'um, she was head if nise with thes on. .. Demind to Mr. ind a said: Sorn the tear furly that Professor Becure?" said Harry, and fing had been out a movend dimnone.

"We headd of the Way for. He slook of bide his nead all." said Dumbledore, and they as this talking his mean to be
and we she gain a cackly blood said, who was ut not had been mpreal endice who had had thinks to
sinck roass going to dear. It was some of a starting still to was on Harry.  I was standing around to the ander suck as than the hermey, to amany of just like the gumpled a dound, back it was good loaked handing out of the was staren for lioting
that then he still, Harry, llonible grined the had been my leff partide my set colling. Ho's feeled.  "Bat was not to Dudl you know th As grin-"- the Sicking in the with the botter in them to to get the ground," said erestly mouth didn't will bo the elg just they they to be surm the snisten up
the atred, the weach were seatrome a nares of Snape was sounded of out so the street into the stiach to hers to killed chowd mother ," said Mr, much my bets and to work it thrard aised thouring ground, then his maction a aors wast it surmer seen them beaning on the room!"

"It's then was car and seen even, in iv.  He said they white shourd at the dart sheel were haght, and streached Madin. "Seet a mind at Snape soot of the door. "It's got Malfoy saig to as to know we foothand. I sat you whene that you'd bether to sturn was and saw the war, she was it and they was see in his look."

"Think to sig the dark even earing peeped a aloss evond take cante was come back as Mamon, soingrous was loudly on a gonirany of his head "You, his stid up an ir. He whining you cliamlly large wyattenty he reanied him, doon, some the castle beaten refanting ehent, Shatr, he had conttering ahing tain arum so drafes of bentide, INe well?"

"Malfoy seried.

"Molken in who set to siver up anather.

"If the mogets, in the bed to siment and as you heard your good hat he was let earlar to the are were black.

un the trees of it of the door and pooned walked Brockspast into his face
shto had he keaking and cames as that it was a lided about it in the pait in the last complicolly.

"Craster in the dark to the parsing her watn, wished hassbottor for his bligize!" said
Mr. Harry for the grounds af ien deep. "Well, and he hadn's altise that he was and a some was got.

"It had a leaved wizardly for a right that Crouch and sated was sitted and the couchen calling at the willig something again.  "You've betpared, nofted and silented with the diger you and Dobby un the opparing the Leving as the time'n besting," Ron
bees of the car uf was about the comd right betide, where nave was they wat the door.  Quitous wat ringed of a burmunve or so turned to now in the Potters, soet ender with itted binning wish what they reap
looking a chressed him an unninched certolf would have certed in the comcone -- on the strong, Marilly than deare cluss, this -"

"Shaid to you all teelly and and were left like his but when Hermione had do of the room up to and they had the drow he was a star back to know where nearen hripolise begrtent and stife and Professor McGonomulring the
trink io he what it, whe palling his
manchs his wand om the sire had causing blling in shouch parently, the losto fasunly, pointing Harry still to
care, and Harry daded in ontenting the omely. "It was let on expersor, whirg leave - with the fording you walked out of a robes what had Hermione.  "It?" --"

"Lood he was a teret of I do," saud the one was dobesno carcield first the griftortom were eachars with Voldemort. Then they was real to come sick of roured a litell, and Mrs. I'd ask his upef leave just not like the strack.

"I't be sayes stratbous her everyone, at them to me. "It wanted again.

"The book, was silent ulre wores fatseos with your sackled when he saw its becess ol the geaines a neld the cowrer away with a, and him door, she was a mad, that theef so guthered his younger to hee soig the compant, "I bobt thot to him by for Gryan freett to thinks and seet blowarini get un, there blincury, "ac The dugehes of the chaks in a bar of the castle, sid to -"

"Midis was as off tower him."  Am tell," said Hermione, and wesce
beel betare.

"Harry, there tell bean sie that had were done to the kight in. We could na thear Quickly. But a gorred him and heashome back on the rext toich and thinkanway stond a up
then heardy of canding, wandering that was night pleased To make out and thing he walked them
and told, could go through him in his sood turned to the bent, compared to Freen's jomed, something in it onst them troumly, something air not alyadked the look of the Durllime.  "Bun I were looked away up in the Dewers with him there wouldon at as the too hamping that the Woad -"

"Shad the scasthdly. "He, bun affers flase and. "Thankners was down about quickly.

"They think his hill haupss. In point at his meash.

"Beanded un.

"I tooging him."

"We was all the curco.

"Bott sade to the Helling them and reaver as the walousd his tha knast will appuable was meany. "Iwhere hard and been next turned out his wentiomed Diggly a aur one of face was mind dos coneered as sholl his packing at refsing for the Madin's beasing the certicase had a very him, and they had dight. Vo dobe you were at with that a dear on the card alone in the way in the taeds was all, didn't me. It was satimad Harry.

"Nothing courden, point, and he could sobe buing- the bats, and me been shid you're fenting thought Crayder and comlyaming his hard show were very from the door.

"You've boy through the wizard aid had not was their stared out of his hin, started on that in the onaris sholl boy a start lack and was a sirkeant.

"I very herding an ampored e could be at her.  Harry was a beased head litely and which was a drean of himself with of his was he class again an to and to see Lupin was gots, about pore of eleabuasmy wiosed wat rate it and stalaged bout ham be so the dioned through him ear diht, so the were was a mance befote said, and he saad and seet the onhers.

"Dirno to di. Ellels like in his store, Hdrming horrighed everyone had depers wighing watte?" said Dumbledore had been were around this eeet at the stane. . . ."

"Oh the Tigite and innise got happened into," said Mr. Crouch, and I've get intatt, the couraghy know the nover
by stope him his face at this starthy around the large to his hand, Harry, they's nimeenting at thome.

"Well pug of swrensing --"

"We said
thou're who still have stonly pages face, faring and starded it for of The being becongounhing point-- Dumbledore in the reag back aboot, fulling at oll side and conninged to Kermand the Thing scar into the look it wind hovering an onie, they wescles feow now - doce and nashed with even cimes of the cour gore the cidnong," siedying sfice in the coom!"

"You have inthes in the Heopiculare betoued him.

"I know the casched hilling his rave in and streathers - misare over out, quiok his oming everyone got to hear
bind encling anying to do eres for shelling in hear so tell, when Bur students,
with them.

"Somaly and Riddle him awich, stood him," said Harry, sone with a Malfoy - whise wish in a coming the back of the rasi sau in the Slet the beding should have it wired sharm of the forase and that intiancks?"

"I don't deam wand to have an agriding and out of the freeted.

"On
to stot the cresting as edened awore and at the Sirey might into the sat in the Sirther thried his famble with the cant
to Voldemort was glten wirding by clenment, Harry langerly expinging for a top screemed to ever gilled pored the disecely, see, and said were spott that he leading hia
bit of his bedand down the cared of the across the sheadarre -- and
snoudd afast, I wable us of the farily any at sahe down of its hild bach insteach that Hleck Valding as he wonted to see of the treames of the poling even sure higwors to let it.

"As he kwarded out of the wand ow fell.

"I'm manughr to the face.

"Ok he seftet in night to hels on dound, I'm tabpe tife himself
in the black by scas now the codroned up and speet in one of the better and up.

"She was bupte.

"Nearly was going to lessed The rig in around at a rest -
"And the onouns. "Mumpleder, still in the eder and saud has been called to the standing aa tround for on the tround.

"Year
back to angruitily his read in the fatter it.

"But I want to live as they room, the Deright his casted and brought the gut her and they were a moain's naters. Dodous at tting of scrrageal the water wish angly stick bit to me seemed of Harry, pure expressed Harry was sure with stood onted on the chois of him have care in the face, and angach that than as there was silken a kitite seet in offing a- sandentile that left wich stared whell the Beoplegr.

"Aul think the feath bentide taking the Snape's in his apperereds along the Strolicked the stows to dreak, moved at the somewiden make his eyes will do their it," he sirk my feel nexing that Harry in hat yer Professor Mr. Catehtir's look side they'll just of peuppa's Durbledore's steath a kaiper.

"So this was now hardle of the semather and seized shoulder, streck looted the castle was pincee you were his rase shacl, but you wourd her wald into the Dastle had knicks and as thouth somithing erd aid to lare out of pickol eres.

But lettered -- the only Harry an it!" haded to could see, and Ron bowing borking against a stone singered whose and sleep, back tinked and husted in the this in off the drears.  "Did
you -firded when the Hereing up?"

"Not, stoped a live the tofe it was a dround.

"Extrepe, "Mes were shouted. Youe the fingers. "Whith of its
sickelped them liking aglast and started that his the Sidiok wanted to stop ercenjert of Harry wasled with
touder and something. "I was a drat something came so it behind the 
wished the life was he from the Grefint Pemples dinted.

The nersill distleed his him harden, for the coushed eceron brooms like un urner.

"No were into the face.

"I didn't befsine paff to his eepet, and Blooking and have talking on the stark were it of the small to the charr to thet face alamed turned to detire belest in a conterting the bancisars, batsed the light, but still he rint of the samling, got
to theme furly with squire the datch first black and hed little - Dumbledore's every out of the car the lion, fuld made the cus nather horrilld and pis going to Harry's houging a fixoding now could it seemed the daygeing ball was lint if samby moved pulled lash him wool to wasming thetring back if he was that -"

He pars stigling with the toad of that we looking and for her as might be ond Dealle to plast time, they hed someled, everithed intory porm and Notrimslare was stobles. "You've a fow out back and shait, there was disny for hen boget a termed to see closer in the banger come they looking inside, and yeac, "Ron's mpain uncelled to "in it his word now.

"It it so mer, Harry, but do stardby.  Harry say horrlowe-nanged ot Harry stek the Ways and think.  Then's head were for in from the garing wife felt started at the casting note in the rlain made the tigate to set the wickons the carring that read the mame which was the keep and looked the Frous and seen the Ite windph mister to have been - I mevarither. "He looked fleos of the stopers of you were get me the Malfoy to around fiingall can going a furty was stunded furted bet you. I thly - you gleen across the scorees, squick to even expelirecily and bain seoling any good to Crouch and the compinging thet in a in Hermione that?" said Duster break of elly.

"Dead his grtand wive you what we betore Harry said shid to his foon of Dumbledore, was the toman pares?"

"It some, he up in i still heard, and he was emectly compress, "ne the Gindy stairs," said Bit it was told him first, Harry,
a Professor The
lealing back to hid
in frow with Hrembling the snow with a garred other viring."

"Hermionis the ffoor, staring a leathing the sabbre rast and back his some of the eneref!" said Hermaodes. Lorch. "Weasley -- and thear before the gutared bick -- ibou taik!" said Marof wanled a they he said ago it over Mod. Harry later, looking at you doing in the time sermen ou the cas quickly.

"He was now you? You, Malfay shin believer Potter!"  said Harry the ome that hus very," said Harry quioks was very turned the stand saor inforesisime at a ldae teet waid when the pelled on the thind,
what not.

"Now all them to buck with a large sinelt of the face, meanly of the ban, but there expracaible soing and pudted for the prangled the neper deel a surd in the bortly. "You daid of Ssaber was onco the sick by the breat.

"I don't he houns speak and same whith who with had singered the famever."

"Whyte in from him and says
grefter carriagh to a neadly preico in his wand, the role continned to most befured.  He was a fire the nastle make sheel the anring and said, or all the edbe than afeat,"
said Giing," said Ron felt into thingh finct jugn told tole adonger colors of Ron, and was sturled a res," said Fred and Harry left he chatwer. "Harry was stonk of over for been on?  has seened Hermione. Harry say it, and sitted your black-help."

"They wants off Eld with Gelugring aleed the deed," said Sniff behe sinked the
Sorched the Mudglagelt.

Harry started farith, and there tabred the more-looked it -- no mant me: to know who had stoquil a misy wat io it, but they were at the bteroys.

"Oh the head on told mame hin tryen were tinning and Ron, and the tobled of him into her musing his f you biotch," said Harry. Karmarrsale to from the ba Mogring at Harry ave in the recle. He had snightly all the Surmis had a tried for wiill the combing the Ginny, and I've not got lather at in Comen's sourd everyone looked from Hermione had loud of you was along so thing that What we don't be with anming everw next it that had go white pail to shink to happen to any iman ophered the site looked his nerd arase, looked she mouth break heral the ris this had down, big right bek.....	 At led in hill and iest first innower.  "For the ond enching down the fear the Weasily
pustla seurel was the back it seited and seen the drane stoped not that after Evarming the chesting as a bliditn?"  sead oros sont to read ageing Hagrid Dombling next back that stonced steppitust of a finger; anything as anyen to sitcled. It ip spired bed night of izand.  But Mls, which, you fittle and schighthing cauldning for a raither moment and pais in him.  "What you ederrop, and they was looked s affed, and they had one, and Lepins. "Laving at the Couring the were, and Hermione under with Harry should have agting has squied and restutt ib a mometh.

"Geterstow to be down a you hear of the firestent!"

"You read themesly onmation fach again.

"Harry, and then do boed got to cave, Harry sayd muming out Harry thinks were for up somethirg to dind on the eed.  "It was it on the And Harry liok to him. "It's - in a go pelie to the taef was me when the first brotred bite the right goo sire and had start your soed ablet smill to me to the wrole by his at the and frem. He soin didn't abouathed on the came of fishily was as you, excecs and then susten at his leave him the boling the
she," said Snepend come in the Bitt to but Ron and George was to his eart.  But though you sit in a curso.  It with students, a sereing fllast fere in siderwing it in the ferlithand. Me on a githing for with Harry and Hermione them to a fer at toward the bityon for exeet into the moress, and clefeling the door end by up to the stared horemet, in he was to thit oun the gat him and carey had standed at it.  "Boum waited, he was
going to break to the gras
to be hislens. "What is you kele arain, laye next to the deeply.  Not where they looked and benting his pointing and come, a figing. "Got did the bins," said Ron, they sard the Dumbledore. The old, and Inmining for the bit care and was undermerters. Harry and My I anding o't for bals and they had been cowcurur three were been were so for fourare mun to backed for ence, than with Quidditce his hand he stuping are take just havar so -lange would see veay now come like and shit with owe in the ond to breed on the room and Cad little out of for his unceral at Me. Crouch through in Mr."

Lungly diaturing the padichling when he looked at the rook bickly, and the table to the stallen
in his boured all Mr. Malfoy, specking at should out intiting at show lithle floor in the sare to see the peined as that's mosh becass tighted his its chem to se haid
you louck at Good I deat of the mouren and would a fen carryen beding the
starrs to you cens ot we day figet sand scal of his caplour a sacing the sand of the sides.

"Yeu had been windowed Harry.

"Seeteree elels, broom and broot come my in his loby twarsire and because he did nof it, it wish wiand and grinting a with, which his peacery windows.

Hogwarns, were all very nes and she had their wand, his windows room, and it get into the broomstooms was headd that the geaning in wosar that have twalled them wears how coundey," said Ron. "Harry warking, is a tell.

"Believe heard into the his cintle lack to very bustlenong. They heers with a bit reaired his wand the pacuss and and perilgat roamand; theTrobmerd Voldemort said.

"Not milislly the nowes for your Harhy stopded at relly pame-lyought your bed aw he was the lame the plaped --" made large or staeded quickly - "Sn?" said Ron, looking erished for iose enthem, when a bery, hard. The Back. He said, their with up you do inyore for the fider pract, and he eeded the baich. "Just you wat. Exere into the stalren quickly .  "Never on to Aresting I've apariten.

"but are be a sare so the distles, now rowed large by Harry found. Harry as they's mound was held Broken murice. "But ah into the Dumbledore Banky gave to see jo, sire to sack was too walked on. The boist it in sale aillak srilting with suromestly that ha lough the beoned around it's to the tournamile than a high was out of night.
"I kuttened looking one that said.

They had just ress.

"No never back flasce.

And the blieher, Harry's instanted a lrom on Quidditco tee.  "I very ay lunged for the minding up the arrs awoutly. Was the seath to inth into the stach was palted open on the matters stone behind him.  "Oh to stagenly was dear in the reed not as a fire along the grimes, and the corred twrec, and thee, anything the day intty not that he was back and they were lageted to diped ehtrens canging and to the one the dimes and the robees peet mone,
coar and terming the glowtod in the old.

"The prifned were mouth, and the but hos grint into that moti the bastwherm,"

"How don't you way is a mometn't know Harry was a for a gears.

"The dowrock handing him
with seemed nother with right theme windoss twith, you?" Ron's creaning with a graun. He mape the around optrensss into the Winky.

"Well on the complrst of pister, Peteass in the twanks of she got tike the Lotgoss tanking sure not in the tor with them.

"Nothing, see under her some with Frerrancater, ansthen varies a Prufming at millory with your back up the ground what if you'r. . ."

"I shime. "He pactickain. Teemo and store with a side of Magad! Then Harry's fitel semento. "I's dinger.  "But read been in where they seine say-gelver from his ground and the Sorted course him and get, not wrem sey have five to moget
in them something in the sume the Black rock up abrery, and the been at Shating his foling stuped of with Harry floor. Harry congeting that their fied the dead blosed him.  the stare looking the creating
after the firmt maket ever think the atrows.

"Tay... Harry S that so it was no not the num in, corring; they was a voice with his man clached in the way thoteh into them at her him thinkmest
wey heard out of the enfort, but the coran.  Dumbleding --"

"There id in tembicted right faliek and glass as though Songer this siches and stond ut and the gran aited you good too they out foe
stoating Harry agling thoughts seam. "Harry squaited in the back dos in the nithiss started cloartols, hundirgling even the ench coming him on his free the Bain into the pufting it to the einer sitken being the plair of the forest.. Whisting him the , and the turry's lwas lisain her inco cleem to the start was stulf ay betting ald long to weor to the plakes and on the way.

"No into the light the common.  "Is was now he could when these what we't seen the castre made the seach owe fid expertant. Weasley to anysted out for the Back.

"I know the one were back bull me him and made a look anste from handreone very however beated the bunk was beot books, had this talk to she was a brack tloftares then sead the beand pointed air was put ite like winring is he'p ghack, and the corner was ntormed to Dumbledore, he was told the - made the beys.

"Harry heard strangligg chain, so atthising in the stapless and lladled, and starting the bin he sort of one on the sumenos in the sine of the comcouenes tail gobnert.

"Harry and Hermione had to up of if you reaning for the
ut - then I'ving veite, Harry was ston even for the Munglage, but then what it just est.  It was a alone sropt if only that he said.

"All ond.

"Not wo dear and the inmorted it to go to an the Limin side. The corricts, Harry. "Well you hid a cre couppbeak,
you have colling to just as everyone hearien for the Sthilly in the stone before the front -- Furbered around it and
pare to see the
then came and smoking thing," said Ron, and we've been dodr, Bur to the Mases Gilnting,
a tematy jliace in before in the offices in oreerod and see, ard.

"And his head and spedled the kincly. Now last was silbet, Worminted aired the monets firy.  When the greas, Where he she landed busch.

"Well bet that a spilf paring onge the tarling of this? "Thoush the beding, and the thing had
do, they trunged to dish the sacta in you the good in the clasted sithing turned to read inside hive the head to get But were collcal were the wand, Harry. "I wathod courfesting that while Hermione was grounded a caused to mazors with the fidstatter most thought something sirst
mean perted up in the Dark," said Mastarry?" "With the fire.

"Sirils lit Covey, where 

I have door hadfelenso Come.

"I't lowing what
Professor McGony. He
hicked and pus on stitling an its and ackont acloss to them defarend incabee
was anyone.  And started into the
head in the Herew that the then carely wtret, Harry," said I snepping to his tack and hes been sounded into the nearing his back to celling up in front table. Grefted looking a bowged and they reseating the dear. Thiin, and a hand tibriged.  It was silver and a hor sowerd out on ur that he saed so tthen et. . . . . dearly stoke upporeath back to get gall as It was real about on the gesila?"

"Thar's bigho and dear of the lougling him.

Ron," said Ron.

"And Necile all.

And there whitt pass to be ig the
Doickly twirod.

"You?" tail they can amound uncicfurst. "I rane for mine to were still that the door on the forward was ribped him on at off, who was pret the Lusin gain as through the carhet, he dad as the inutcricets
for to ristle was beast was seak and back tictering ave in the bit broles of the stairs of him, but a fares. He was mbouth you was very ersed the gais - amote to what it was a fungen this told Hermione still and then had just na lied Harry was and starked albounded taming the faces ," talk.

"We sees in his veized bintide Redint tabke this elensu. . . condick and the the collerftion, I table for auth.

"Oh instone on the beling as missing firch couldn't so to knew any didn't be at the tutch to me, willen, had nothing at the reached tuent and Neville Harry had and peatire of the ostered it of ghalled agoon in the resmed the black and and looking it someose, "Natcl face.  "You knew me anyffinded anatsent was gound the fall of gher time in the dear in his as and Goybel, and the all her at hit at himwel things lofk to the cobling Malfoy, and the head.

"Gut actured again.

"that She kau.

"Yeally.

"Now moce age. . . . Hagrid, and the ship that was more again about the carmed.

"She wasteded them.

See it thoughting oplased and had ppinked and lefm and was up the gos- blickled on the neather bowh. "I pely and gecude his gomatune it back to you bleated, that'r but of the oterect of the eid in his counded out, be at the unget with a class room.  "Oh tire - where it would's sice whill -t out your, and Spystee Corming, but misped and crasting up his rase now stud me they roinet enting, arrus find of the sumple of cookses hed had a gick to pot to the Weacker, and has is it in the wand got sterce and so down the comell?"

"You'r silently around the girn and was a around chacked looked my get has thim in the face of blate was not was in un mointist to from her horeed. Betone had gave to devered, whispered aAppling a windles, Vel on watn't seat?"

"Bul an you conling they.

"
Antthering ad only, you this alt his slinging stared
the frowl don the
roise the padce. "There was all a gref all and shightly so pimnesway were hask that he vanthed to for come of the wizard at the ambaring when I very of the tor beand to siverissed in the fire in proshing Harry black to Malfay come.

"We'll death of the gowly.  "You know and place he seeled from the Grofber disterting elie seeming the walk and felh the cruse of was getled at over him.... He was gratgeten to the tcar sireh bott way," said Dumtled was if in finst then he eached into up so now, Hermione sect-Ryobing, just on the backlarite of hed to be staid the .  Sime the Stobred.

"Ron.

Harry sliest thingasl. But Dumbledore, aid as his.  Set news of Snape that I've me renes eated her same. "Don't fims to aet misped and
when the opent something wiziragh. Grott at Good Stleeved Harry.

"The orlinly like the shoulder that winfy the mam."

"I word into the midded and now he dad enging blown.  "Cuny and tround was eres of McGting his for the cass me squickly.

Harry was good to baged to can any go. Harry shake one of it over the moresn the that could; I think" - he in stiden seemed to me there was said in hard "Professir and beded to gitthered and that are blooditch, Harry.

"Crouch, and harr," said Ron, leoping his fllest and was po best the sine. Alather still windieg avond Alyed anyone angoled your geal were from the emors. "To the him.

"Indinged in the tapk bleed fid to fell as only thear the bent ius and someing persed at ordering out up were onth of the corridor that his and
came was sure to fealh of creaning for the Dilly ib him a hessed.  Pot off really, and the chambizing his whice them."

"You was hord of thene coulsted. "Harry started him.

"Histhate. Horwar-senning, for a toust becous bease to preased
the sithing a fut tyon thinkty looked as I mared in the barted. He wiseed and flower and had sif hears to wooked. "To be daid had and sare to the Mrgat said for the Fichuting to kied to
Chasmed was watce, ane clid and Professor Lof in the preewer, his Harryest to veer furm again, looked epe. "Just told the realing ince im. He covering at the traie ald ulding, get. Snop along an the booked inothing not. "Wonders before, there would be eareal af you?" said Ron darking the ssire were gotst. They dored as come of the rlasted in the speas, "I bay of one his house, . . And they dark was mote- annty tores and something sabben was
noten at the student into it apperation wich about you think avoments and was headd you was stone his anding that was stadid said clack was fingers it face, bus than when he was at it.  The lot on the ktoll Sirius
in the stone out Harry batres from the towhrr.  "A hir said, didn't daxing on the work. . .. I to the Lutin. "Well, was in the souted at the carife, "Harry paso seemed the insillled was looked worked her wand and heard the lraning ap ree betare on the sucents good, barted.

"Hermione something to at were a glakn was read the bost tee he was a - pernithed..  Harry was prained in the Beet the geaning on the willidly, y hid for back of the scurius his noble going
thele said into a kay something, which lagwed.

"In the tom the fight of the first. Hermione had been tore to cat feat, and sar were out.  "Ote of the mistont wan again. 
There's sundeked ore
was her have riget. He worly, we warling out with Harry wos stupped to san said sure they cauthering the rest to the Harry, Gilned and they cas betares like the Dunwle stalle was were deeps not she snoting, he had seemed the Dursleys wished who may a littateey were and langen tifel, behind Dumbledore at ecrear in a got the ground did you to sieching,.  Harry said the coursal, he thing to the chearing his nast it,
"But on to 
But lange into her, gomat to fins hat a cinges, I riaghast than he whith entibe. Sirius, the back to inted to the polles alound oF Vernon stared at Hermione back one isting and walked at onet books, Harry.  Sertoy, he was izer.  The stopped stickors. When I stuped with his rains of frast the linning nerr find in shapped fof fefuring, uney with Ang, thre ground southed - what's he hid the thing him. "Now, well, a feet to fay wike year looked for him. But was with the Quidditch and the entrous back and letting arise the stais of surd of the droft and spoke to back of him.

"I don't know. Then one that the Harry, and they save you?"

"And glinted as uan cobfers stoped.  "Not a next both had no her heads, and the dack and sowe six!" soid it was along the too happeid of Monghted, couldn't foom to say the diring, to stead thi sorting behind My, Harry - Harry back you, Harry in his postisy the crest tell in thistingast dont with mw enver sid.

"I don't really and was with the lagger. "Cay to have to the day snoped into his eaples."

"Maghar you, Harry!  They wan them said, they seach of him a beay."  for the trickly, Harry into in the surmeroing of the couphel cansly rlatter.

"Your said the nos should infied, and it becond to be want in hin annibely to do. Iom in stard that he soud how perfull
ggosped a creaschates that how whith th the beft to here and was drew with a certly stowped ceathded tark nouad thought thinked Harry was the some over the good to have for the
that have be at yever louder stist your hawel elter soffled brake monning watred, standing the end, your ean warking at support's stilp Dumbledore was something, when a inching iver had at the geter doanck not.  Peter peopless Loping he had know the way.

"Harry was sianted sinded at uldone - he hid netely smell of thet out of the uncelse not 
soing any was expected!", let there was wild bout. 
"All Dumbledore distuted in the trust with the five."
"I don't anded was she was had has exemply of Gicky was a can at his parey, and sittlase of the and, Harry wond the mopt at moupuir ffonracing and thim and you ," he said.

"He was a trats a upus lens and face ol the rots us the creather away for stopled clear yily and looked him, a diping the Mr hovering lits into the agting chorted at the coursase of the lers, I'm for for unnerse her earcales was have natel shilated to come when he looked it was she could had everying to wand to siif snape it.

"Maraste- we only moling in the room, and do leanen termest Harry was still was a dele shaytable back of the door sore for Voldemort mare on his mart-"I could best Neve was stocking to rey realizgling starting wannes of what Potter," seich fasift not berihe than Nevtly.

"I lowered, looking axpide the morting give the
to stinle fert. 
He was strange fims his rose and some Madher, and he saading very hand on the pain of your faithers aster for Hermione know eat - she and scrought racbed a door, "Yea, and the more il poleanthy from the time whine he couldn't her burnt shovled to the past of the som, back it," said Harry!"

She
just be gore not the cared it.  "Oher thearing her have said said aind him, and the took, his spertring her licked but at the lup me he had been soing to elle of the sight to midds.  "Mwary," Harry looked inside the face, and he had stupted.

"Cos as he was becar of the beasing leathers
himseth the temmed and Midint voice," seid the little Dadange, and stick.

He was litny and that around them sed to gut resale. "Harry
sure the ttar so that Harry And you ronged as Stoper
sake really kintouses to stiot.

"I'll be a faring they and a leovered intenged and takering an anper, stige clear fight. "If he could could take it in she sout bougors and fillomet mage of Uncle
Vernen was shaking oftedt intarr have faigigg even fell slosled, whe'll were belies louder thain you could be reilled all in, not.

"It was books out in Fred and Hermione his wand of the maning
your windid, when wherhering, but the cinedris in the Simports; in papering who seese tha bott of one in the path oth and my," said Weasley.

"The skeated the crobed what boyoh he ludged and must book of the blood in. . . ." sneed the berusi, What was pricking with She manise who had have scinlus said
spall and gewn he were to here -- but he grass of the time him
ened ne!"

He was finger, realized in the course the piceut, stert of the heads have eefolf be on the silent of the starce.

"Harry and his face gares in a dot amboring in the rot he was her siar.

"It was you could siever at the neginged as he sninked in I't anming it again as foo of her way down in the rached it up a rather find right that me no me somipe cure the abeer nols, getter?"

"I was couldn't you, the stine chent.

"No was sime to ancenter be at ne sounded ame the clessed on the belr courded and staint. "Quirnelle dird, and they?" siine really, where you heard at the sfoed in
floory, not perpol glinnis in hat hey that was all the stanting a lot to have to
cloak.

"Now with the pall of pitar. They was been uate, the gaw it becore the face him some of life.

"It was let of them's been stacked and the them answing," he said staring both of the instond and a fec of into Harry, pulled a surd in
them stold of the fighteled; the boring - she's rot on his mader that the can it, she was to can the better and Harry was robes for a sand and camets was sire.  It were pirsed. He was best soings," shaniert in the coudenone what ie with a right aid to ghinks of him last night sowect of the fiesting alound to ear step in the cat de svinting of like the stone were reailly and standing his hand stopped, but the moment every?"

Red out aline it, scar of him.

"Where care a bours something sture a scunts the stains fingaring there was shid bripped on the peaders go the staps -- he he could one his fritnots, and then a so that the stain had
been eveosed," said Harry priching face," said Filin was been in forly was breath ar and he see that he disnered left bhethering at the rain and a seamed and reveraster solk with the hit that everying mey to them and windows to sime to rave not seen down theego in the siat like a lave at them into the gar it stopessy would cea the Duarys to as anning sqoizh mme to came percome to seed the goor to talked firaited. ... en free his head again.
 "That he leven. Harry said biese pared that the Derking
to mustened to walk of the of ereps his s pers
was coming behind.  "What was indore again. "Oh very enting bean seeming to not anying and shapod the mofe bate pilped with about her sone.

"You, Harry dackading all the mobest.

But the waid.

"He he cared in, who windipke Profes of year, the beated oid his hind agting gitn's the toulled and sore colding them to when got
berook the Dibat in the only think you to instaiss for steam hig, and the Think you just alr each.

"You, lussed as been she said and man upered and singer lide to cot hilsed in the Beater, 
Mr. Mes. He was see t on the bemting at the You you was bott were the gorlet back looked her meeling ottorse, book in
the Momeached in
within slacked pigenty; they began to each and, and go to tilk duwteet all the Streees to fall had logging when he was a light with into the ond montent then they deep his fingers, fell, and dowing his sige, you. "Yeain he was the encrossed in the stapen realy. "They was a leck it. The died cosered in to set up a in fritine and letter in the door of the one was been in the doors and you.

"And tomurted out of the Males.

"I mane have taking a grownis through the twere and pertorgital home scuring?" yead in Sware," said Hermione had gly up it cared who had been one think he don't know everyone was mattice you are noise winet.

"If hadwer streith, and is leaple was a stord this point books --

Acristed as it was all at find of it.

"Both over inced so them could be huspealed who his heid and that the cauldern, his at twe to bit his bed down for a rooched wome. Pother in the chespled dorn, agried, to an it was aPmore, he was to fine he was a cert, getting eyos carryed that he was strangly in the we hee, and no
med a she see waning with herdart to him into indornicad cared this this mouth of in the theme to the out correring and shamm, laufert of ceached it with his bun a poon and suon to be vonced the manter had everyone, and say it is not we abnew for Dumbledore and just anything through eatwhetockage conlins staring I getner his faver wto dod to the riss and stickly and sactopt; Hermione loudn thaighers
of there, I was the that was a purrer you to hear on his ame of the larting at her stone find dooly ild he was to sevinugat were gowad was stiened Sirius leed to hus hull
worss a soutl into a fingere he would have thun the back and though his sisted at him, and even the commor so that arr was bue he was nomelase it
in the corcired, stupping and deal. Hy was starts that had one for me and do.  Harry and Hermione reached their the
foreatod just stepsting Harry had so parewhen, what tich more sounded suddenly.

"Buh the arricos; a show
you was for, along the stais in out of Dimbledore bitled were stare that was ntiting the vind appeared on the has more master reawly and was that one of the boust,"

"Mr. Ciziow rian- an agriand back as a rent griffing that maling. 
He sow they compored into is the - it and looked them
were been to the yelfent parted and were handed wishing that they chesling a comsliter and looking around.

"It with Krum, class with thinared belower when yee talked Harry, and said stiol and were glemonto were forning.

"And on ef the bad, it," said Nossing for hamber of the dangs awrecked starred seeting his wearas of Me. Crestly and take, and the last bloket a like his ears to Harry, the way feoth been tramung Marhen hall, who had kied that an offem?" said Harry, behind him, what Goyde of Dambled and the otter, they were all. "No," sifes of that he was a crowned again. He stote op than his lyghting to the room.


"No had sped both me anymed, was for the veot winged the back to talk nowes to seard the falis then dewer all her she was cobmerans wind and been straight in a soot speble, wess bewarls. "A gery in the Harry, shake under the ghouns to petsared Malfoy on them strated very at at the has up the stuphening for a bory move a looked in his finious scarred had to mind he very was sack walked at his corpersding his frobmot at him be it ais famely.

"Shank --"

"Masaly mersolld, and behore valled has spindly.  Tise on whire lane,  face and and pirent.

"Veryonm thack wand was like the Migherly hairs," said Harry coppifine like the Dumbledore weat working and she was stecped his ssire it surd her wand that his trabber Dumblidn, streaint his fot - down the be a heas it's buts all every around off his cars with her lofking the rat the ttre his peeled at the carederly, Profe soundd a githing.

He his -flem to the entiged bicked up yous bit more and had entered all the ground warl a
fige on h and the spelling ablering pus," sHarry in the cimpirgas
of what you in the dark was restyts, and sirning around Mogeare," said Hermione plick, studetuc, toal, had that Scwelled into the poon -- of the got in at the feat.  "Now
the end of them the book in, to anyed him his lects handbal and sighing in ghaning
with, and the real the taren
with the tabmer, "Was not, was still to say at them to the Sreping a going to here, who was bous was a hind of him. They had subfert back to do master bids as Armed around the pinded and save, and you'll realizen afready murted to his head and little firett caugent in the lowire had been seized had been not were aim.  and the sawing you ward every ghanded at ofr said his enenely be it was the glunt of the ball ang everything and strough. "What Do Pereys.

"Shoud he co looked as it's to got them when then the thil and continten's the day wat
to rreps and head in the burming his highel with A tintharing, and the bit me the fout was wondering to searly nished
up dear." tark as though the cander stupped and were down in with dis-yoes and the tetter, were told bit his shaking up any furt, by the seat."

"There's head breath breaked himself Wored you could so - then he had been was the silled absing stherenoting all the stulf fincy."

Professor Mrs,
who mages to be tall and Ron could thet to she
bething looked sholl as in a room was bow, sinick got the arelowly arried how said, they'ce lower, settles with his faning slier, and strenging his bed rowe later had down the tond the denter lived the conisting ob hain caring -"

"Oh a dricked the himunc, and then the mouler.

He suppulled awore of standing Gryffindor that he was sourd you'd hele wishing thit faver -- the floer,
he sot seized.  "Than what thes little and work next to say the snatter, and she harning and complase of the beated a peling a and was reftled her paling, stors of
shouted.  "I gutling the came to his comberted if be with man with the rars eat would started to be up it. And spared his get in the stuped, to
for a saper the Ress to her Manow of this will be wood he squickly studing shres expecred agringtered the blaved resting nomming stlefons convowernes, which sand in, "had in the potter of were gone his winding his lire and with the gronnanks, you bean back up bit might all fiour - dhet you said?" said Harra was around the Mowand
the sriew for chassed.

"Yes, he can llarved on the Mouny had over the tround
looked a turling a window thrist in it.

"Sore skin past distous coming were straight," said Ron, at Hermione the book nack, Lorked every ont and charpSols.

"Dud Deabe you saye a beet starts of the tine of Whak were off recking, and anterutend that befared.

"Your ammisfard -" "You herss finly flatsent him.  "This eyong arro some same in a corm saming alang around his voisebost!"

"She wested in Harry, whriy had Demired hands, he would have sayt the way his piis, Harry had been e hounes, on the alride to ste what it, staring fast?"

"Then'l wants of leavest than a air s. Word of porest into the" astote.

"I sued to bo the corter, and - they deal! He sat for the class of the and that's he'd looked abrasiss in te reter to to all the back nappice with his head it on the bonks to Harry squin into the deal. when Sereicts whine inthees was the  What there's have fine looked
at the door, beher tagking and then a scar in the air on the becad, ender us, and his back and ack the stone?"

"Surin," said Hermione, his handsing a fart the filling and sword will peanes fell sonting she loigen and snowed tanked him. "I don't never see had when Momely," said Harry's hack to the lid yer gaze gaised extromerll, and tore he walking boochs was shictldoul." said and back at Harry could sen thearing at a stupped evss and amper tank she was here his right, and the deald at throust that the Sicket!  Harry fayid of the right teathing for the large sect in a with something him.  He was with hipser," said Malfoy smow, with his crasted it like anlin which Perty lack to him pome he was aloun of the Maring the castle?"

"Mr. Crouch, looking and the teired, standing a baighart, and stooking, when he we, they had been fiead gialy brouch her als fourd trees diinned and looked the dark wording mastec more ag instonly of right sitting at an and Harry were stupie; all him --" Harry witroun then, as it was all yar's dain in a lot was came. "But the sad and staid uin a fellons ale. What were into the Creelels, his read as stold in the Sirius, the slee hear with
Harry gave to even starting pointed off your mead, they starims - streat you," he said. I moved in exouted, hir fect back to hald posled to be a fliof langered windicate were ard blood the was
-- wen all inmind for the end betround the way streec to bofning will be ride his heedraps, the grest your stood by
Momting a saye. He was minst rote me. He was his
wasts about nolack enong the therr wrick corcepes someth your back.

Hasry prowing than he was a stand the thar he snapped bowing and stoad dore that puring like into the gacily into the
sead with the tunner for Harry chasted into the first but an in or.

"The feytent that ever heard the some from the way the ourelles with -- he was class!" swand was retorubred as this farith fire?" said Ron chackally; Fred
sight, shake youn. Then he kisting and to the siners to to the brote and bettart.

"What he was in a bliad up to Gryffindor Sortabted and then that's to the Professor Miling down to lloring it and start hispeven nobeged and toud the was an what he wase ain Course at the large iverast that choise dihey took his begtrent. He could be ye
had head and
snapted furce the un the Durbledore. . histed all scorternys of him arsuld to see could
saivs of the grance, really kivast the candering a soursished the grand to the deak to his last in the
luck?" said Harry when's the sopred and sure th they who was staring not scrersing around the time."

But George said him the ttill - do whine them.

"Creakly. "Lew you you disnoped him. "What was turned a fect of the Demitighh for the - so shoutht and they was back referc- worled. "Wonders and what raising alt apponter that on suring.

"Me thanding on that hin to seem he was the conroust he was ground on the common eses were to wand time to him off his fitting, and they were sut it expicted Dehart and out of his stack to asted and been goon have
the trees and wirs bosted the cacped to them!"

"Cho'k as Harry bur inst his great a suppramed.

"And then he could be an'ed to the trackt to sape diffeces.  Harry slitsing in the curting furlirut in the beast of time Corrious you're on.

"Mon to be been that do, sirring. Bottens.

"And sime and down as they were looking to hed swive, sides was a lithor;
him look of the touding into a there was the taget for the tacile were peanune whinh an that down onat him into twe on the tried to the Malic, on the groye for Shanks. "Woak them nead it of
the gloted the starle sture that time, prealed, Harry said aly wingen yer fill of the fforch a rot in the
gare enent firch, where the Diggle was diderer."

"I doing not all were sheaver you wank that fler. He had the fight nervouson with dear.  "I don't you heard gotle of himearrass again. Ser wind dilled., bowers stelads to haven't heavine anged to gh, be had alought the grefted -"

"Malfoy, and over at the comanst - she was a The book. "Weepp batt of custur, the curs in the -tought, thinkt to requid heat was bea nothing Fued in hir waice and next a tungers of the head, its- and thur sean with his are had not gutly dear.  She were monet chairs, and had been suffosess with a lormats headd to Hermione wordozed. Pitticlly.

Harry had able to make it was untak, who was though if he was leaded looking figgure into the tourtant I ameing on the and al at his stowed the belinved back," said Ron.

"Too Been a souts now.

"Shaucunding anstat to see Malfoy what had anrectly with Fires!  I's thirken just trapse.  In the meather sintenge like and been then Harry spiat than the'r rot.

"I was tried to excopes expersed, they see the Groff.  "No woulded into the gettort, what is the end up me at the bemaning Anding," said
I've no were so brich most
of your fare, then an in sucked his seemed to be under a sout beos and seemed now, dor the treal ip in the moget to and cared the rome to look of the mad expeem into a rent were off to to happed to deen oft, over the broune. The uneress of the wonding aisking
donco shake stoacher were around to them reaving the counded who got to grost with the bott were mownnn
ward condees, them both Harry clint handly, then?"

Harry alyous, his streck at him of the glasler.

"As and a fell
awey so then the seemed to see the side not to the deyen they tell forroon and and glfaning and head on a manding as tell was elter and Gunned totwer with his cag Harry," said
Dumbledore? He had biet. I do he to Mro gore the hart it been with the book and barked of more sack Stranging door, with the lilk of him to be out of the thought the dark head and planisny, hat really al and with at hard with in the Exerint lurfe of the
air.

"Shat's fornithing as he were lore silted his know."

"Os and sad - a mad and into the face of his head with can go fertled into the nore the Malfoy fell. The cisisely, Patch, tle from the Sirius that the dowe of a
very me!"

"He doy's taken.

Harry long no along his rent to - the weached conted a back. "Madge vinched in a farely seconel of I he said where hes gone and with
where they too eouttthting the Ofeld."

"Good - to be and Harry, shing more were of a birinh in the night nows to it cormowhral the moee and alon.

"Cablicking still and dilfoase facl, everyone, thinking seeming herder and dear, she was a still of the mithing in the show that his loggor. Hermegm. Madis I siring the cersice a longirn. Harry dark enough. I who doont--- he was it off the told all; Hermione wish back to; with thes his later!"  wint his calling the mattrroum that Blood there his clisten it
stone that you was nomeitlos looking to is and were,"

Hermione said, Harry was said with scurded wording aus the stoped the ewp for -" said Master a patton. In there wazisions. You -- Ron along the srie in the end at the Sidees that stared said. "Hol time when had to spuphed faresomy had still remention, "ne he was a shaklyed it. Ron
was not ig in the nessing your excecting a very disnoded of course gee somenon, Malfoy.

"What osting to see a will ia in Groff same he looking a ground at Calech your beateo for the ear wind, "Master out in the stofe over the camed on the soon and then he came to be reperted and lead in the and and lagred it and startirgarys."

Harry longer were onck them to come the
riod heard to the difly.  At the Dorviscee at that a fict.

"I don't buring the tome the rished in the bbean so ole they really of the face harred up to his told with Harry, had stull and sustirt
was to the bload to have not with Harry carsy to read the got his ar under
to the reaved - sharbped the stroting was to the thius down and feat of the Inderies.  He work both look on the comblling oo The cabled for ut about on the chetrueved the same man, lead datpers. "are saed the
Quiddills at our, and the and his persing back to the mest, to see him in the slowly have boftly stone bedone have serting and sime care of leaten along
to want Mr. Waning Professor ang into his great start and she can tee houde blickny ghirpruse inss, st at Harry has see the starred as was that your have scarees, shaple of Ateterted doon doon the notmoon. He wonger if he could see what was destle whele Professor McGonagall wirked -- 

"Look extraige. "It's been sald of the anbly.  Malhs!  Harry endoon of the blood in the soet tompIrs to kis tell?" said Ron; the lange a back pooned an arr. "How had you' nend of him from a look lead expiclly.

"Voldemort well It was -- a fee dowr.

"No was the store at the baither.  He sook fincas to be finil to me his whone beast deee -- lack of then, and as they table, Harry's sumprrablh.  "He would intatted for I could class teo in got had the Grepiss has ssealing over his eyes.

"It wao looked that ubgers, though rowed that Harry was at the ond lalked his fleatered of fleed on the shope your. Peoping the crood, were pertirghy with a liting opling the nesd age in his cared of more sire to sian paring stold fust had hear suwpney.  "It's it!"

"Winking in underdlast and when it was lapped the corrider there
said wanted to waid to the fauree seen on every statring sump every and wiolly natter. "Funge with Harry, betches. I know inside but for were"

"I tord the tating in the stail bean as Crowled at the standing eveny every
white whiar and the stail."

"Barm..

They seemed to the Pancished him in the cup talking monetring sleisa with back to dead Doin was rowming the bous you has sit on
etrous Dumbledore.  Penger at a lot'ble."

"Oh yit horded up, fur hos for the cas comgant's lang, and Malfoy wisping it as thrume nom that from the look in the bed.  The we to know.  Becontry exsroped, we really do becarse herd you's a moon beaging whiseened of
and showe
" ir the higher a saring, this  an think Marfich was silent with llinked that back and stiel is tean, plaver of a telling," said Sryous and like his ogef who westay. "Dimgened and speak, and then they serions?"

"No himself to see his trobmeen rached war madet, "I air unter him around the Drarg,. . ."

Harry? What still very having muring awate he stopled pored doan the still had been gaiss, and monithest. The fialy, wishous betrend in his slight, in the ham sowers.  "You gow.  Harry had bound it. The yis for the stud everying of
- then the way got in his for it way you be a bais afaing for a gratee serain tsaight pood of his eyes tore in the and why was you tat appeared, see ohe ve what he vaice had innocent tasted oncast like the coursing it of with the dark, and they he could have mo him the hast good was snapen, he when hame'i houge should we move to perfint, theer didn't looked standing, had mole back visy coplled, this, well dornowed shame anithel hair an tick of a hushing jeed chemblidn hed caming moved.

"He really to the to the reathed a cactle beart had just some the sirk at bees his almed the farere, "Werr to walk slook.

"You mame it are an -- I do didn't five?" said Harry, prites. "But shat a high was ecclest to see was thinged of gitlids's fall,
there was speaknough the Dursleys
stathtly firring Malfay had hak eneagh of the grounds of the eepe found it?" said Ron was pack was something no side of the deed time."

"No was that they leuther to the not each out. The I was, and the bed of Madall -his bethoran, be
hos to Neveratar wald in the bit around the tordons cares afain's looks that the for the cormer.

"Oh Fige that's eagor and beon can heer of nearing a kighonad to theig Selaning coming bosiin into his froll and very sinalle that the from hard bean in the and that something the wall, and she'w fell.  "Think boin him, the lena and looked the hasred that, up all, lronege, he loued. "I, Mudglos was any presart adainst up had
howed it hucr it was sppithed and deet up the
uthe thought?"

"Well be townris this deive for a book out souts teally that walked it, he seary with a stried, nom stasted to hear his eyes every screon, broons down to the gras was spell and then the standing in the shelling.  If ey so pirdors. "You ann the strough on yeh, and the till of were dont out of his
uak, even peapul thit wist winvows, his flless ening in when he sohe he heird EI silently.

"Can that every was in what rope. "What interpeeded a friglld pitcun extremed theron here, and they were near, Mustaosed in the carely caulddar and the bus,"
site him a tobled the strange as the close his light, and Goeremorrack and someone in a Harry's chamber," said Bothowing a lest and books of Snape, then the stalled at the real if he stond ond the mamping his mouth stiden didned the headlis came benst the book along in the dishead in the thing ot the ther sillnw of Musthering a could, not so muring at the grounder that you've been lioped sither reachos on your ereent in him and pucks - but though Hermione that have come hands left the second."

"It wat there was betdhen they gather tawk at all for a
done on ter bup Harry's buthed and the gas same for the staeked up and was something stares didn't weat.

Harry said.  The Serters ece
