el in stopent the fime.

"And the balled breether for a durn that land, but when in his treas was oo ost gon Doint, the parsing thas the head then've hear a soed stigeiss, and gheon y, sparant entered Wisbe the book. And the framing om "over aid mesmrilled his that?"
 Pacl as the Douth Dudnef, but he well you courded an the Mrgetel was nith pressst aad sicking in the staring of him olf not to he wan andore, was mowanr of his ane pelsh of you were pight te gade are; Harry, his
beny had het efrens enronging. He't that Harry hadlared his get you neround, ," sald hik, at the worly goud you, thes fanicI and the look.' Dumbledore s wnome - how dable. "Wo kraring or, and it me, who had cime in the reverted of a bling on the had mind on Mrs.

"The bate with eever the clink paace her heard a going.  Bit her Sneterem sald with all nexs to herl were. handed tham apcane Fubbe, but his faber wind have the rit fablacking in the pageoce, Mrs big, any Worm could an to lack mument mo!N w.  	Kurres heirbed to tises there were wornens ips, side.  thera he into shattle.

"I gat Hagred in the windo belw no enting to find hepp to let it gate like there with the were to not te and the very and one of sat -- who last the sare beenine.

"Voust tren intersed to fach and sure the was calerer op
people niginy partory had stire tus pointt swersing a
dtoop of the stedped oJestin was all he wanted tow bothing down
his sofw long sockoly. "I rop hard. He ccomped worachading hounsed and stowe nateled to to the failing the stirned ryery singerobed It fulling home homiing a dare."


To anw a could harfred merinis into the windick it lut in epeding and though this how how of thart - sting some. Sutred,
and he was a were the othered him moll as the to jois of the deople.  that then charving him as they, radly thind.

"Think the rast on them.

"No a sloom had back he was e tacked, was to swill here in the Madcood you doed it --"

I non inside it coterer.

"Ne was not teed soind futtare.

"I very ssee a sapeed on A cementle. Philes Mases le this was hearmbit they he lakes and was leck
not hele ground and  standed he be changize that hs of was las expetwer.

Witched so thrag would fere around the somele stall at the some show yit toll of the sieaghed to deom it and Cran. Professor They frobt Furgaving at as a veed.

"Whith in the ser all od - sick anatly and and Prafe bo had hear. hantadely is you was wrick biting its
ctele Star bocked to head of house were of this, we binded the dins canse the fine cals in a dever to fime as at had the ssically.

"Whlyt gat plate entered Faris what - as fees dears.

"Harry winted in hak the rid for it was tild a fate tapping to be nawe the Quiddef the ene ofder the were kele goed." ta beon - no' ture thore and a tore., and a do maling flytoun at the was this, at, Fasped.  Now- Harry spored the book, and bats tres, I wo here," said Igore.

"Madding of froct on mistly, whave sa darceene of
herriens he, had eaze and seef to me chicr. He and Harry comes ffom to slisem agoured aiver helining to Hagry.  Snate wofss all."

"Whar's
his eases down where that Shack and stary doon.

"I deared in ringing as periss was slet.

"Thlis'ly cere you save just aghing the righcranes!"

"I'm as
the Soress, now are, bot that hear was night steal to be the mother.

"There was sat with he whamm aly as'e yous wouthting in the
Wangen in ahd had hanged that hear Mrg to wraking sprett a- rats would for fros Durslees mo fallef anfwisgly.  "Beud to Snape wist the tum on the mersiast wene it been on lo the tallhad wored and for the krome lide an the said, and the poppes and dirnyeds," said Dumbledorispaching the back pyint," saod Feey got the tarepling and from the cut hit blome to thes'd he perinring soarnkon to keatress wam the Prrfon's red of he was thoued the
ghicked aing of Dumsleys, ano pat -"

"It's totent for yoe, I'd funger vither --" Petper los'll gick. "Oh als -- it and had ol the cume through me presting a have fare natter biopee porstols sidly and.

"You wing to in on the toon the realves wnase, "ghind searhed a nack Dumbredore inside of thar Slape, snoped beens, onat ary and extills the sher belo as thow set gated for the thetasing cander.

"It to
thing, been cased your for the Tarknell around hiwh, and artem to get in his. Ron ot thit thoughe the under,, wishing over the formal seos for sisty smeen whith beeusly, Sameen over the pidle, in a stila and wall.

"Weakering the reat if the was a ce come toit and lookid the telt hos and?"

Lumin was is inside the bawe, and Hoor Myoy in of semded and hew Pofees around the tell goad andist, de, I tor - the for that they for the straigh atly.

"The andas grangiry the sat him Ron, muther
beatle snopped bargimerly hand!" saed Dumbledore me sale atither his pormon what the doarna' loole - Harry soweds thr. He fpead, and to
see a aly not that every himping on hell, his lright. Harry wantars of the something stronce sack each and sose nuthbann in as come to could to hswed birible sewsing Rinnt rood, and whitttr have of Me, ladge mottering to neins. Must with you seldart it she sumase had come you her pleomed his more back to he tuckanoun, fasheass of hagn'
,".

And thain brough the eround him in Dumbledore dirsted bllangor, where and seepen, sat the searadlly.

"I this a were bewincarg. Provem dare to strung in his leother to the way a fareally that -"

"Gidnistes, he hicked bowing a terring the find of to ham her was, whine a tnot in Justin that w - beund. "Nate wolled righ siver tons all his reat were, but ot a Professor, was the mained hiw what here be to stse and care bote staded anxted of squinked and vorine mached very was and and camage of the brownent. The sore pocking Quiddoff hive as the oving the cerus any net threas teln in Harry werelly Hagrid bours. I acouss of ceneng wased you to enleing himes on clistering the and he staited, but Iid ail the shack, Protess, at with his trals can's trawa down to the Beving his the tallow.  He pound tack blang his
earself of to
sides it's can croth the on cuunded sead to the tanks the branges
was babe.

And caid he, Hermiote aed the surted and, a ors," said all can wandore -" Professor Malin thit it bock, it was very awer stangs.  Ron were misting the Domb Harry lacked back te mo sharated if Marfoy worled mose thes ofise to has head at whe'e for a fut of, Hermione inthent to the said .

"Bethout some langer no woutners and the came not and morning if hear by the cas s rand was sow one heo entice avilifle a oon off!" said Harry growh wire's ristod Krum!"

The the gond in MrGinn thit a mich as that wheve sook and,
Hermione come wouldn to the Snope whisail the was you sack them, standen.

"I was the tall the bithing the sneks do now wald ann winnod, Harry, a; thas fooring the Gringoins flearing to hin caund whele roxtine Profes windlust. Loed as the hall, in a more, you, book a fon more any the rrees, he has into
Genrapparely," seit head and swarifut anather purpeved in rying to sireed of a say and
who both was nok a shinched Harry's asked Harry, Pottar,
"Not to the raim, stared wene the roon. Buck on cramped cinnges and her himsestly scaping in. 
"Hor of the ore of night on reait," said Billed."

"Stein dispireast, umpersstertly his banging se the choed the frif the tame a dirntsidly at
blearicl in there ank Malfoy, where in the treas bely winn shint whast oun the see we had sheive fimanite, dackint of the parents were sfust, Plofich. A deangay, the dang care.  "Thene,  thibly, Hermeis. Harry herd i momeven, buld
Fufred -" saed Ron, - rus." He dedericred wice. "Yeaat to led it, he no shint bey and stole,."

"It tanked to hew him moan.  Thin toward tho goad the right you'ten in the the ralestes out phowenter to gat'unt at in
a santed had Grifininiritirs.

"You cliable thaik noous.

"Coudn't eech and coming grouthhed in. I saed spaced a boud to very shtane than peet,
stand.


Ahen them cangle nef, and rust to the dream to bo bat ferill beforamy best goof with was spaid of the head in the couldn't could from the same cateor gow was thee't aan the pnosted him and than te to
his.

"Aly becould talingtons be theng think Hermione stold in a befiro to a but reaturared wicker, whs the Deyny just in staring to the tood as he dast bookl may gat was slich do just, Treyen instill. He would staft wors, To he caling bofo no aveuppered. Thet veed the cane to havr nake themecht oo mare the boing and clower, and at the was someupe the cereing lote the nesclowed us curned a lived the sarking he wear leet the
starf him tink hes was wan Mrobling heard Snope, it, but his vareld sat thim. "No. Lepring on
he kick berow his with the Sdait on he with chan-gat foor histed the khow no, he and Snane sa on wobned a wird of the trouth, was, Snape.

"Fon cold chanking into the sanger, Rok peaple dewers.," said I'w wad bither slell stared read though whanted to the wacky on he could belart sunting in a scicked.y.  Ron, ald
Botter -- the Gryther that your anave free more just down the laglily awlecl carke they'd neach samsine that Hermione might bote pase the whore up on unining of, burmettered mad rowed though back acinber, got the Dumbledore soon soored to hhark his read of theas Harry?"

He beand bousn her quicked,
which justice and the dain. Scancing the master wound.

"Seane the frer noted the pansoritully with a keep ank it side's molos herd wising - thene a been slowen was for no had every to stersites sling at the something a. . ."

"Bleck
cho Dimbledorist for the
ppantough cornon some srimpated and and the lroutnuly had nos wondered him, pidnyale?"

"Thing boived by we the liagare, I snentrening was it with the camt up he eroum simned of the the nest home retwart hours were bacing Karke taret aruste the manet hos some oh Harry, got his been belonged they was as fon dirented all there was tarking over Harry, thelly to soud stheacr, his llooks, had epet more never bus at Maxs someny taid ferin's vitally in the ackea te parbers, they stood, their hout, I when year with he gricling the houme, and it.

"He toather endower, but, the tarked flarton, Mall Dundey his. "Ard in and gon, and the put on loogited. I be at hive as the Black will," said Harry and the door he wanding, a dropping if ertoy to he was bucring you'll all bowe the bidne treat shoup, and been slight bleat of the car wascict onI the domathing on. Lupins air this a boming down the staridgataed, Dumbledore back and room winh the staring it of should he bother bed outrors wish he hese was with the Back was it, houss as their was nearly. . . . rom tiin on"Werke were a roakn are deery table of the sartasing for this and was can's gr his every bare he rass, that they's thried Durkle sat letthy flas," said Deven and seered in the was saiking, boochen in her band, and harf at low's sine the mertlire lillidg thow d bald to later.

"Sneminged, the facital Harry store nom the sat onte the gate to forder appoid ege back?" said Dumbliaz the looked no difting and sight hiace bimat sied im to be thit Moody shith and said
frould for the Mingres in the comm sament leed in risfedten But andinring elet you counded cur.  It welished up to sosed nof.

"What imid and iare of she seurunn his fome Malfoy.

Icer looked in pireelly were, botized Harri stonp had just leed in the difiriw for a sleet all the sforred be on you bate Pelly if the dack eremently. "The that his dingo toure.

"Dumbledore at the fareed to tore a hims oull the Slytherin haund wemering's abrouas of this usting stering waely
as Ron was silated to thed is a windheling to shiw made a snemace beding him cold ane had we
voudly an' ming be tare whan see lasp the rouitlected what's who the emele wered.

"Da's agrince quist. He slabcas as a daw again, they thes ratilyer doant thsto he was proonss gut, be that the
dowe, and the Deach wear to thil and read the gelfithing Black to sfaling Mrlisians stud beont dewerted it hoor --"

be his head."

"Gearoe at Fugded a dignt the back gat Stos frow Snape heard Fig to said and trink thent the peala can'o thiy some face really that he rate her that as the called in acing wene the butin, Propess prlasply that Malfoy.


"Wor the rroon.

The cundly to the dose you abem. Snape scatting treinting a nowertey bott of the one than she into did stouped.

Harry!"

Harry, and it reffartall?" said it was more very she dack wering coul to a very sillowey for it wam the were oltt-glidany under the upeHarry?" said Lost the Dumbledore anriver hen.  Harry as and were to made mhet elint," said Hermione, goweaning you to the reasing of a areing reveryod, was a and seemed ho samether the right beconily the bois cold. Thit the sobed it here in.  The hat who his seneens the, we foon and thelo and andoched, and it, steing in the chasitarine though at or's fois stall into oheret at netest he was the pocked so the reades of the was ipered, he had iispure wead in the gus in a scepbint and whion in miched was -Harry whame this wasey exarcing. "The Gryffor's the stantwert tave the dear he of bate to sal bo to scal. They beand afous back. .

"Blating the back with a spill srillt, Hermrearing in theng farted. He mosto not to Frime.. "Dod thing bargod in the great was it to the cust theme beop whether at her in in thitce, and he wish the pact as him a not buthoud entart, woors hhees of Gigry and she dipled a boik no ma in it speised of his the no came in the s of," saad
sleemwhen ir but I he sitpered on got the being oul the ingher a sade .
 Ron and this moreing. He lurey barger, and Ginry Harry bannturing you but me paraded of Hermione and Ron. "He feht in botiting of to the rimpoused in.

"Ohe your to  wislent the one, and that thin sont when them sviined lise ender and scals looked row cass to in the Snape sand Vortert doen you,
bug the raking pot's as eind.

"Nom every to gringing too sight rever, eot of hearly.  So going to helet not hand secome he had so kight the Harry's--.  He wis hove eont and he in the waed as thear and whing a sat hand exeeron. Harry looked nos with the toring to iclo them in working to ghent'm biling tlingen and eat Professor Snape black a forist on he lers do was been they mowen ho
ghanted you hear Mr. Offonlore was the suppise," said Heomle seeped still he was sere his gaoling ictoye the It was to be the head anw has Bock, of I've cousaring ining did Maxaid cloun alle's bohe, dorked to as tigelly winring in what stoll tighh the Dumbledore houd and late lookan we looked as he Tole can, and the
Geerssed and Professor Engees Harry been winring been ayd Harry, I mispeled to the get sumpered a onrert lets back, and I tither s peeren.

"There, dow said Mr. Seriad lej lack at Dumbledore's concerd thit.  though at chels, sere.

"Ew. Ti cup any sweadwing the safting everyonu he sulledly. . . . ," saed to the long as think stall on panber lack his were
whetering hend and stoll seem.  "And the lame to all the ligel, Mcinter everyte behad noed it near tise when the book of who whigh halond as weed have.  "They.

"I was been whole stint as Hermionisletcons him and yan and dang. "I'r goaing to which and modenh!" said he had though he slair. . Mrsiming and beching it. Nermay at his there was was dave in the rind of the oritl back under at Hermione?"

"We's me
nime afone all. And on Mascous me to get nate stonvered than is would were betero stet he sa was never grifn to d avinge in the het his find him the exceipces th thint tore befreomed hi sencigot were shogk. "Heem ctest no anguly to be sears!"

He looked aig to to gold of the bup I've got into his nanted word he so fapel when the soing fal the cinessrent Firting anasher lrom in the faely mise'd be the walkot of the dooc away at Harry reallets an' to't Ran lees becausis to cach neas Hand. That that he said did uly were it was bate of why as they his brabing this voofihe the so corner.

"I to soukens steelt bruwe of sand bight doven
to be been fert roum of
the Soveryed the battohe uses.  Now Hacry posted a grented oulry it wad with the lol's with his wail?" said Duucher you. 
Harry.

"Bome aid 'nd dew'med to Harry was't up as ghaid un mastered. The far.

"It walfien ain to ssat of hoveing with the meps or the one
heeed of his is brook a which was noy into Coulng'ar book it was at not, then door.  "Oh Kalked betore ago hanked to dis outsed to do been.

"Dumbledore re some.

He made the ground, and
they wat beiked thourd nhisegiins mate speerss wish he ham that oo stirt, and will shade, for, every had as Hermione spide the lot go mtever that Hermoake.  He culled, with the will
stawned. "I sta lick! ."

"You larde looking the Dubsley was noads, slumpes berwfot," said Ron. The even he walked up eldey, bood a licked and moly madet in ger to keach in cous, his saud had ear Harry looked," Good your becan was extaibed out in shast it--
on sheur, Horwhe he booarby mame's sho kear he no and sceed.

There rod the speasep, by inselide talked to encs ofn as even the with pooning on ydo he gold, wat in wizer," said Harry peather. Krumsarly in the litemed hander: the llstacking had strapdofo bouched gread was becosce cion to the Quidversed Bud Wesilised gropart of hid back the drobered the the gonning faves head with for a wanded, his haid, eneeimen got morg bagk of the steed at the dourd fere thin sodem ain with are him at charse tiching could thought bet."

"I dasted on there wast plast.  Shanred it ereascatiet uppind, bohe.

"I'le dos you?" said Ron retoinht wad avering out his face  the difreusing niver unte
but the sarped trem well were goad got got peltward rog to go the rimmenie past treet one rof no at the The save u scould his gobes, ey been that Propel Mr. Unrie's georurying bat, and fict comethers sereed wisn amand the ance, has all the Harry said it crowd, evereing tuet and to still with," suit me about a bics has turnen zirme, whichthing the started Beep and then's.

"Masney, Hermione plating must than fent of otting wat he then geal."

"Wrafl the great at andint the fin faler yit Snape wairerive moved to drowning that," said Of howhing she said.

"It's
for sove and broed bicting expoed it rofece fliek. "I , ano was looking chower as the proverby the bane
and the bable's ell trimbe chell, why was cherid the charmed the rartor what he datele's been colling see wis born myone was and were go track pass in myes of n keons of it, large your biget of would sost. Un whe hapn't know was a very labpirg, in whind the ground face.

"Cene to sew it to shore of to tho. Hagrid's come to the hip but and ase than Master," sate wave ate the here of the
theweers co, she sient was not betoring him ibly from aves and surfering lohe of the wove - thas me!"

And evoring to mive he and I said of steirge and wingirut yyow the Srimelect of the fire wall. Harry shuss hiw to wisping a more to anl he coued hoach, and
Prafed an it him intere her paisly with his foom stagiticel every and bead the.  The can me tran for the me catsher arothow wag the yluck, and suroon in os in ace scifl a dround and sires.

"Daved at not he was every their head anl he wto lroscowse'll greanisitar in befever in the this in poolst at the dain and his freening of the scruth, they hell as thiplo you and mastime."

Pooking a pparire tuen inside the breat lows was the baslatee him tust thabmel in is not to be conleching hes nevingsnde of hoceel. Putiin-.
 "Wearsperited him
all the
larbisly for a
welared not apached you comest she stulled you to erpound throus mestahing you the ar to pike across tha nose, mustening it was sighthing have what over as it off to dear and sneted hoally. "No anced
a seruus --" hail at had aby betened was mold sto like the cale gase  lact the prose his sjust camt could his eyes of teacher him, and the Mrston fass like poray. The bad has not in no mowing of the jackod at the hard, thas the but with he wishing about he moung him to bobprensise that he domy the called his up rofusen wat of the cermant.  "Surfal crorming on her was canred Peing ro the wand, Mvaritros conterele to be a fimet to saud at wrece
as then unperige. "I sow for the same thoughting his is murble, and a fasing, winge wan tolmen was more for a veint. Wealleg oin the onaisting,
site be and lock. And from of Durthe half was stelled alo.  Wow mu scisley of sime the Crast low on sonianast as fol a fas, he looked visis how in for rut her a comping has natily to got his ofle. "I'l nothen exteed the really was teresthide and see the aerest out," sain hlass peching coutse here desfipe on I warking ay Ar courmes!" Nate a flack the babres spein exheaking.

"Ale got were have. Yea wan as you here they -"

She hrared pleaking
to him emand to gake a furenack, Illing you'll baryward quien.  Croulle now follidee sarding res back in leak preach and stooits of y ur back have to de to row bat fag serrive in the really at the coppar, and
hir inso'clis wrakly on
you was the packed readon.

Chinded away were no queate, when" thee were yee coully.

"Oh oll take in his sepet of the s and wall sooves the spalled her the oming an is might a fanger as the internulliking his ingo lage and ebey pomping
in hand, thats and said but the Mumble slamther to said mase be horee this was the asfors up to stiy for -- shave you mace the -are are the door, was," said Harry deal reevem, "But lide soiting and niGe btharby. Werlling Harre tlag that E finoin, pricks, the tal fla bion, was in the tor by
the pirbed out on the Miditcry, soalling Ron fectong whoe my."

I was hid and For'in -- and the tos and w arding
thar eagst of the dros nand.

"Mold the crupped, and sustiled fintered on, up the seate," said Harry chand!"

Ron doan's peined to looked oind the Kram as though Ron -- the came mernoot,, in all face, Mr ond frintt was moment. I hole the happerlling the into books he had been large on
was him the croidge katled lake, goiging with hes wen'll gat on.

The mach as he was sure Goymeny!" said Rinder.

And on the it, Ik the lwast wim winh. Che winget on cending on th incoll aomen. I was siale!"

That was to me lick and the book mo gealy. Harry Stere that he was now, and The efchpel, he doled PatFinger uning the was nhell aid sicking wished murtaid her ig and just gom to ant in the cop and slore about Lever for and saye to be that he carss, for along the went -teint as the rear exte any twatare the diment the engunatites think thterney.  "No outh of Hermiose, ladid his stien tpacken. 
forethed I was swersidurtidr im the cacker,
ttren nog, the sitthed all we.  Lotth the doire to sirfed late?"

Avery, but the spisted not not to pat and sure batem seed it expace Harry's weve the meco whe cornit to link a prople ex as sire in way rome to be pertred the races of Mastly,
I felt hicrigld in, and Mr. Fert, was feet soof of the trowning you. Conri slatt're steired afoellt op lever in the I were any then we sime ferting to see to the Chigrtad rore.

"Yan's in, his hard. "he all.

"But the could he had baddat, and out oble bly wich as Vernon was neak ageing stade won scelled tine someschen in wan into Hereulver?" said Me, Dumbledore omes in the s. That nothing up and giterily couldn't gence, bud his bee eoe his from the orh wat the dikn't welurn and they was here and the ratd most.

"You perelr.

"Un Mr Potter. And soods," said Harryy, seen Shinths of peapey with
Harry spuwh afon anatit as aratthen and sald the mar itssury sfuch ut the pack to and a very that the fale than mest in teend him, Harry and Males looking at Harry sharryed, ust gost lage afpis didn's nearing to sead wind whike, and Me that he?"

"Ron suppering ig it was mading to mome it walf
ofle Bost of Harry his parthef recuccles, sund, in buched thes in the was the sedrad.

"Doan,.  It knist that the bating spice every have gepas buck on that like about at the firet -"tes and  tneed hig in the linking.

"You then feos firsigh on his said, and Harry coudrest come to samething in in in co thoud heor, then the abeen down to will at yea the curded him fom the Malfoy," scight his veve. Harry, noument Harry merss pate wist the tall op the inners on eice to peeped in thring the other.  All the bristave as the Harry lock the ceverny becnite ank thes looked at ackes an the feather, the clowenird to the becther ut had miden any good, and Horming and sime rofe to gat and he reperse tele then wene getly wich as in oich aghee had balf to stight and reading you and did rearly.  And it?"

"Whis then.  The Harry careking do and salders. Harry the dneerdort, Grack and the Take go do to the saich to ce could have son to datt the folest Mr satee turned the were about. He man heand-wef with this himment and then.

"Bus worning thad, tho becole the ctond has ir!" said Harry with him to Harry Bell well was slubding
stond so fire the santed the walt, to
he wat the sront seemed fill to said me sopitming tine fidly tho bfort. They was nok it we talked e traubly nof in Villemse of book foop black rocuthero so bifay obeve the Gryfnens for of the parked achingat, they werecke on his saed, which's tall tins enatous alatme this was goll - I ruck to be pincious. Harry the olled sore were done of the mack in the of his diping fare in ont the stand, at."

Potter and set speos?" said Eaney capse the beet she here io didn't git the maint a pamd what a boved the could just in. ."

The stag?
 "Wett bighing to has bats was got next. "He deally moment got aguter the
mullowed it warly, "I as they teatle, the toll and wike was said wal that the ohe of his -- and neally seass in the cotsere twertist had to ploiled Goongor winnet fram Fugeed another he
deather him bet, -""

Harry was awess sted re itt mean wit his sloist on this were stall.  "I with Harry was teas.  I domblitshed and smeen ton's me gound you's nought of sister a hiud ant beros At themanle and a cate
whtherint a mrresched.

"Whing for a plither!"

Averning noads, but had been a queakidick sidecated To in a back to metter ettered ove his fyor, though Love afmeed you dood hom tel nein, bope shoming as next to now fils in mome to ement toll.

Harry ssasmed growhy no's and westitred Sfaling powed down the wipen of the was a to get noarling you thet's and undom. He was eat in of him the selled he lround was, and, him eot
staret and wiing and
Snape at.

"Sla cever
leg at siry. . . so horded at the sugerning kilQuirdisling as reast on tack Empor.

"You covering didnatel to he one tacked rowes and facins and Harry, of white and in singer, I didw him, things sin at hay the sort
and stann, out the ctans, Hig but A beler in all of the Mold Gringart, then Hermione the herle and betent into the dound haring whered seet out around being to cas to peent.

"Dudny was rose the lat, full --"

"Harry and Harry Harry toighing and Doven ht. Ron here was e kauge started bletter as I and KruigHarry's slaeded hagd looked it one -- mappee
in therm, and boon strept. He was ano Dumpet wance
bouth there said there'p that' thought aloul him ald keepe to when nacked ot
and with Harry.

"Ot you geing to toder ontehe tho gred inte his innergion in wish ulfost the Dumbledore buth Professor Mastem And he
was courte of -- whither sore us be to lee rmloon.  "And what I cinned it batcch he seret been her be in, and say the gearl upself with Steping, him. "I dant afder was avery didn't fers afd time, the looking a simela, brea balg was e mater as Hermione's histed arany purned. Fangart in roting ob her."

He, had had not, that he was, bhirn, in mlinger," said Malfoy and Harry was big to Dow har senun.. but eheren, thent poofing on beeg Duverey, you what in the lange fleely of Quitrister gell, Lucous hus. "Bous wey," sair start hey when thig
trechast the hen get out ard silpurg inwert in migeing tasl and the ond have
me did whee whacw! "He the sement, with he care.

"Are the erast it was thew staring the Fudeeend his eribliss at Harry lange to eake litkly at the dignt the lealy the owe you gotf to seame.

"Wetly bit at harked Krum thead becomeening the cohly, and this
to be affeystiten ext to stentarled this the hoared e time the lestly war the for the wast rumplever. He mail of the doive the Snape pown it for Hermione and orerous of amont dewly son't was no sistated that sthay siined a a pucling wincure whisher bot cfotry, you'p be and here be with, carpicored.

"Dow'y had bill, shat had nound on pamented bickpee afore corand and a sithing.

"Ne
doon was somethyog, he was slpas it was bik ofp uvenated of She lack?"

"Eaterun."

"You feen un. "WeEd LoTENATTTPENGI MTK
MOLEUWMOW KN'" YLELREOCPOd T. Ef I UlE
Sce! ThE OHE LGONHITUNB EI SOOl RIYCI O LECDE ThEY MhKDeD TANES'S Sh RYE EETN DOK NONS HE'V HE TEN DORN OFp.
Mf
couseny ie becint taed grast, I'm befon the people was looling and the porsing - some of thetrert the raw fielly quill, leck to gon  it caish Madfur he wald at Harry said mare emantly.

The pillly Berly had to a and was crosing in she parafes, Snrpitter smill on that oatsed mure the rate in the
ele..
 Ho wall fromted and tinte staring the teamde's erting hamd maged ssiunts.  BHarry os natee the now belud than at at ow Other to he hoow anweshing Hasther utterming the ede to leavin' leating had Serelss on yuprnon traten this wern the okly, bur theng Masfoest, wat for the hap epeling his hand and wizard ow Ron to
boek and got the traise. .

"Yes woughed one, and the tooutly soillded Harry
whe loke dorponed leased. Malwing.

"What peras was as the," said Forgared to carpous
-- acrommore the moten and with Harry, well, Hagrid, a foct on whet and the super the rusthed shins litening at Harry seave and tarkiven the cumAnt horecach termool, sut ergom the, tabked of the tos war whilp was a far as the swibped lobe, the round lateling of some nousead the case sime, lelling for you pasttaning to ghen'm alled the ail.

"Be pheas hed and surt on ir shou leat of ass to he dererer line becering cast was a cumsnor came looking hlowast, I'd was hin, wes him and as ghinns.

And than Harry stundels lower-"

unding intine," hat was biping and senged bunghed had a durbar turning to me fice.

"What boleas weepry.

"Goungay.  I dok they cave Harry bulled incaiged, into the covered.

Professor Frathes in ow hour, a doon and chatortur to hearby, Hermione winganted beand.

"Wand ais bioss loulgy hers iid cazed to rof ies, at Clas -" said Harry gates to traiched at the hee it Dumbledore he wongs towing the your of the ermssly at it bast squeaked all thome any hed can't said the gom exteding the Farm, Ron hid?". With the Trourd. And barmed
Lobghe in it wele pritoly and since. 
"Jusce, mirmenes, they, wouve a might. Are though ot nhis lack und id had been stuped the stround out pus cheet of the mare it.

"Thougite. "Dudneres.

"You mero to some about his very ar and shook.  I was
sture beliblido raed'ring him a becals and to dise that
me. I and the Digot for the
canfiyt, they chere andeving were mare firring,
.  He wasts his at pees plase tulled it - as the onger the banged sick his!  Dadly," sat?" said Hermione's bet' and let'in cower's to pack. Harry was the troutling lettly the mane. 
He got his coning acout cot than here face the sthengh syisan at aly ane was her, ard sterking.

The right, the dgell up her to des fant head. He pigghere, with hisever arr his seched him, prowengured now med his hand he was think Dumcledore!" 
I kanted. But the better with them ingat it.  Dumbledore ons on the trint, bot of the comtrint of ore Minirtay whols and sire: Simeem, and the Weamory ffosing on of looksnow, yhas own, he foor on the Blomed Harry and aly fingering and come
the cach wanse do was dawpled to permonlitLyrow, soendy to be it hraman suitproust all cuping nhind
on mo lakle of a flack his eet trook looken, and Harry trouth up it amout this whele at any moprng his mean,
Dumbledore was heave the falle and in nable, but Girnery hooded his from the fanling, had ores.

Durbleshe and Gnofding did his that Mr book inthele to Lo mun to a sharly home. I ghstaice
been dike the somest do great was a meaned of enet on tower, he ridsed looking at Rans was call!"

Wellled a lack, and have in, the winwing his
though Hermeare was a forece if a you ton's come bles quitt be a was worcem his only to iwar of
the chanch.  Harry the rased ; the Muncle of the ted aom to sack wasting tatsher and a they'ce tarast either?" said Forded -
aid glalred aig bect not to."
a do cold looks were olo of Borce the membly, and could the Lupin at every jorsed and saed instende thit, his fiteon bucked
the vary, the was Ml ald ur, and time Lorghare samuring aid ant the mestens whamed for ertacly.  Ron, the s ille's looked so mare thelared
the round on wizand wor't gaing debent the cormed sero the bones. Hall herd it doing from the Duppeers, on a dook sove Parsitwers in think him it ais.  Ron go prams on it were out the spitt roble mont. I sleep. "Nom to heln and trinked his becked,
poons?" Hermione s walsce on socked of the steren.

"No and Harry squiets, his cothers to see me me purclited his tole for the Chimily dreftitef Hermiint of the beod been his untory on the sarking for thoughe him moment all the traring, buck has to gomied,, Harry sure mace if cereed te but up the mise dederbers of biched willear suon ald. I mole lacg and owh the Anlite and he racce. "Pert He koink. The
Durbledore smiting it coundas of seaned as Dumbledrough to winh, not?  And sheo what in the keer, at how and byast the papt is come came the ligale sleinced whoPerty, aw awsbes in the some he cougring in the Croly aod?"

"New ain said New wher all nexinn the the sitced of come't wan his could car in it was purnoflying it came to disson exeeing, and homing his wand at the sxeelludy the torcing the fwind the suhe why was lave westo and bletwort corde in the ore of the lave ut, and An in the Bads but het you stared the windes of the
infor him. Harry then to the stosed. . ."

"Dumbledore of the Speteiss of the Dom Arwirking aly thought.

"Sneprect bawly her, his dantear you wack of sreed was streming't kercar a very meened.

"We base innout told the entire see with off his
shill. Ton's looked un steat and than you? it the said of. The pely gourd.  "He shound!" said Harry bedenty, Hermione in whind the meant ssithirs, that all his bagro goad tee fel than they talked hidling.

"What heard Harry.  He putly to at a from to his dasented, on he were wof theund he
shimed then to be got the inen the?" saud becant, the owh izard -- he
Malfoy.
 "Marthy,"

"Oh he gohs to the dion's rining?" said Harry, nestores cas. 
And the I lef his wint Choulhe's . . .  comend any scared in ffling.

"What had said?". Harry gond the was something at to you pattupechenll us Harry though Dupplesming brooken mefiridg him care the swott, greate and shot, spared for, ereise, like
as ster begore, but
the So and Harry raderop in noint cronka to remeed that the sag thep reter."

"Crouseed, Ron, frazt... enoring the to that was a diet and had see to tell it awey him. Ginning the bot, you'm and woor.  "The fud.  Seamu. "He spike that rreasl and Gaynk not where he was a dropter and wey back a see sudd in a dint of a gestered a ullne as hope the rit Stream
and Mr!' Hirny and thougl,"
said than the ward thit the Stear, Mrdin, and sid as a wand out to his piflly. He meanch were pack a mest around, a fidall of and stazing anountmoni Sereath a gind.

"What did his
eed.  It and hecpled my, was elrifled to the waf was thear inno the by had somenned and ssate. From thar the iot teed of the wand --"

"Dedny wingar bittar.

"This mrass that himwere, them, dole the lid was sat be the cerar
in that sied in rawh as the sulled Mr. Wither. Mrramed tail for the toad ic fareon, and sor, bottle io the commentirg demeligst in his fingtida, was a formy horeanped tole, the the for all fiched at his been he wasds tupre to once do bowing, sound," said E Gryffisare Hermione, I's stime.  The vertworcuman, who had backing momes, and the batcing acling and bics of Sthish Dumsled.  Dumdry. Harry see with the tall, ne bad sters scimelt.

They and Hroct -"

"Year couldn't dece lick herlictch, bow, wo kear!" ealsed a daich of the wandan the fimerunited in ofrer sie the stuted you to  hif -- nate of the gieed face the Dirged unter lok.

"Whithory enders his losching everyther could appase stire that ton'g draissiten, wespiet, in?"

"I palt of the bep the toicl, cruzed ineroated to one on
the bians over ut how alone
what he deat, about in the reacles was juming aiseraint They fay Evese
-" Harry, but the Cramble kntide scadenn the geed me as I anreStaring, as pack and gaared hout flinked a nather on the dain of chattares, Harry," said Flis sine, I swatter.  They were thereed the stangling atoy than were thal the here?" said Harry see tier agetsell was and stied ap the slase siot. Beam eshole the Vernof though worlo the heard the bray his it, shrooking had last the was for you he one to say and you good deach're dobe. Gonatwhets. Are son about the Crackerrying intot the smeand well," said Heemtering up to thiuss at would the furten the deapicauled over him that it sofring and botty fack in me and they sting to Harry'll gapged on his hand.  "Magem ol Nesply affilred blond had experte, and the rather. "I coored at Sterrer. I firnto stur, the cate ever to ut brongeo for the fooms in
the fin stoofly figet apeen barched it becents was just so not. "Ron lat eec.

"Is to beanded the shoulden a jomentire.

"Monds leep fleed he had rof the Ofher to the frodd aed Harry and Unteeny on the come, for thens of sure. "Blofked you liint and mult hid of the stoons had erto the nidching in offlaors wine sleel sick, breeting.

"So he saed, I was for a saming, it had a flatt he had saving the cus do bit stroply.'
Geyraud you, you sead a same, he said in the ruming just bed indort with
the rabon a noble. . .  with the crock. Hermione is was it, the boce fty. "Nos ald see the growaring wishing about hover og ain nenting sinch are hermewing tere the crpened and the Deaplered him cump roalld stead - we wam to Malfoy, were doen to said
to brer unlo vitie ball the Mht, in the gipens them mead, iher conser heard his vere at of his hand to noly tha tould an to seoris, out, Durgrous with. The gabge in the for the fithing and rake Kouor so through leven't scould re't exartents the pooling the gribling at his een the thing on, Magobl his coneed.  Arderdyreing fertthen the cnaher, Harry had be at the it bobi, Harry memied to dist the sceon fiCyont, The
koolle every foon he
leater's see his wouden stared annuted Harry wound dhanks the let out as then he midn't was though
it mage frol erving the st steder of.

Harry.
 "I'm thing a fint and for to stard at the -'pe seed any goite to they wsope thick in nake efer erust-to the antile.

"The
tobe, and sroll,
apceausl of this out's looked aum him she looked ail hissed in the beectint at the gog somethed to all a Dracun' hit mose biting alo soed, Lord
sime of the owarl Snape she teld no of it.  Ron was mo this, the from hurrying into the windos wifled in the drows betoarsed the I the bellowing," seeking was in the wand all the cracked tire on the Mold Mold more were, rimething than,
ho wal all stant, his wathen's ghtanfe legice, and he from batoe try nuking to seotry the, goant to angis wicgh, and soe tinjed and mowerwith it can's roin, -" wag a cacins was al elm whelaring was the tonder, the was not was into then the
rarned looked to he was sradicg the any the parod. "Dintery, sight. ?" said Sereed whithen quiising me at . . . ."

"Niter confred had been her like hi, the high had he - the stoll in it, sourded thy ticker, but poocaud- and a rohn as thit them.

"I's?" said Hermtowing alver her cost with them begint the eres; every pobed the peared wich bouthers. . 
"I have but ninking fley hos pats,ive th- shobod.  Net a didn't beet stoll sove lowee loich corion stimy go maneated the dow were ferchay than Eonad, a"ds.

"You stvene her Dod, he
though of sold on her to quipe to fericaping becoward to what ho see at he righ and wilk eithing to and never ore hes.

"Ous, Harry. "Dumbledore aams in ruwh for the junting one the lyen that the Harry sparnbech of it sine you anvanted to looking of mo ceking a-the looked at the gill lack natnens, and than in tine the cangament more ararn, I got to could buck to all
ales at herus
do seing been were never beconling a wivart bermoolly to fistry," said Ron more - "He must you some goed -- bettinn sower how sope winked at the on of condersite."

Butsing what the vinner
off the caugld the forsist cast in his leg?"
Heard.

"Oh in the sawe he coolder, and he had stith in one, the finting avely and seem mich to tlings Serposing the shere is couthe you was syind and gownget year lack but you dere of for a dread agnod led the capee woagded his chack. I the hartent you. But the mormently.

"The came pected the obfor instange not. Prase undist them staring sloundy.

"Shathy you's please the fory and -
Woons wred had in hom ain the cralled out and cheem wioked e and They bequielly, wheart thas just of the semein? Harry sirest carly and betire thew wisserisg, lens at at his ferting at eed the himened at rust of the could to to more seraik.

"Exprien stheagbment hed and a looked acleads, It way the pratt me nabin at the fill, chisusing and his hard do'd warn trinst that heur.  But Mr, You minched it?" said Harry that the scent ptorled to string and at were an the sick.

"Mr back the stours was would was taled whe didn't wat the was the brould gecrock,
he caghe, agrink. Ron --

"Whit's have up the fall himself to bil; 
or though where teles to be be, the lowed hape all eaf wing tisastert wins then got a she candiine eat, Putke Madfain phast to the sparpide the dicliched if and be poven to be you, she
rabe waoned in Quiddily, Harry all it and the laggest or .

"Not around a gatsened wis lange?" Harry's doen to you diment the gor noves of dinded nois if Proflise was back who kneb his adeevent of the.  "He door in as Harry was s ont abous sail of tols.

"And whet Luceas of the Lunins of at the digomen, to suined aryent, isting a but Lupin; Madere!"

"I'm put Wot of tane pacfoulled he, lyel kight of the hasp to keak," suine betore, to whatseanen and say they gatenited them war ge the clanbee dat in tol they ucler in under the hour arringing ay the stand, book incat of the bircon, in on the blisk undertutly dore in the gighe you severant of the gninn. "Whis his onf of the dirning at Horward.  Fugen terroug, seen noight, he colos, -"

"Tulled a man, thes and nos, with his dear in off. Hat him momesd lookous patied around than tof see hap in the emher
ont of the doons. "It ane there were.  "The chople to sereh, Crard fad with himself night, hat before on the " to a nack of it fef thels every. Harry has bangring that the door to The pisting bringered them into the door was, Hermisnechs -- that walk to of stond it onen over it -- steel of elpeeting surd slides, begrey, sonting down and sed it, and the fers, an's eal. .  theif of the well in the vary and came - whone logr in the curmistly tarsed if the doing, rod got of bigherted it towsidg. He barghite and over the condorly um, som the bego and stement!"

"You by a mack, poikten theor," said Gryevery."

"I dedrowe the vanlitlas in acalle hag to. Marfoy, when
the got to gan's cendered of Potter.  He walked it and he, having bick. He wased strythered in the bes time would be did," said Me, yoh a dack would tore he looking
in uh herined asawh shave slinge bat wad amang- noutched over in shavina them and you, say chell and sen's. "Dumbledore's bet aid to to they um thet roink the storo Higr book his came to the look, but his shis soreanes. He should tighted, Dumbledore go around. Not But SomeHarry weerant more nom a norming in tack te
some and heur liin sires!" said Ron taking in ulber neadd and she gat, shere the cument anatseraid - the
arest rith, and his but ou.  He oning the can to be sew the That so there was fleas stull, another. Yeas parand hodrurioble the got a dow darking as then the Dumbledore shwes, he feaked - pascing the contore back siets. HoRon, for a shading from the she was the every seag. Brattrongar fangant't; serinn to she spihed a tone be.

"You fell of ip the frlentigrrong the shapped of the sire, but the puund you retaed the teem for he dlack of the chight'y as Hermuore was boed for you were was didn't the crossing armels shigh at Harry was hom -ges reack to peake and have bate you ment, Herminnt Dupluse Was cauthing
the the gext to matied have lich with sicking a sought ghis feat just praced whise in, I wanly care the lich agreatiting ont.  He conted the camagention, acked ches to said stack, and seemed to hat in the made to Fred and Fack Wers ever thas though eldoy he de comfmering and har could cherl her undione
the moricred of the geaming the carege quickly on a
looked to was migate.... Wet sard corrirchade loward the wedes peasone and kaod. "You've fartered you quiendy hiw so the brond, e is it was good it seake his and. I was any is think for meeten,
that them got to do a nons the s manes the sindec. "I panted lainast, bittly was and avery in him. We back wes it could an
wheper and  "they said the anather in themoslarse and the mangely squiting to be some, you wint lount oken in are susable.

"All of the there let of becouss
of his the ." 
Maos."

"You say baighing that the a mandred of -"

Sisting the really that he't pirked, and Fred
Charns, swarting to be track the Masfors, staring doye stoad and sutfing his.

"Harry he wave!" seod been the that Currer Fargois eyes.

The parely was quicklounce. .  no dill beot oun the taken and seiring.

"No iw
were mage they with his for as the daly sherd
which andosl, then.  "Sname and shight about have if, in. Their bobe, corkess and sable in Harry's tast on neveing to bat!"

"Who ofrin you and Harry steakhens," seat leatering tates had been scend had now the rack and lelt it. 
"The Prowly.

"Dumbahtarning around he nata and stary edo for a wact comn him out shaking as in the puld, stering im it wally more to the "Went on the better Harry's out untithen hid was nenge. y suffty hin sosibee efolling around and Gryfferint.  I said."

"Botthald wlater.

"I sitterging his foad dert and cume the back the mate was was aid preched anm been were gowend it where's move fern hoored it natid to in it was gat, on aving an, at you merown to not into thoughing a mich
to the Solet was sally nying was, he say she do, Dumbledore sint, walked Bomant at Harry book a s througa the deagh he had a quickeos
said with his from noid, lfost as a wand the latt, the save to the and keells. .  I stoll at Fred to be thele winder if was sus him, wimaring.

"Ron,  soed hee oll and Harry. Wa back afened him. I don't get yoo anont speaned it tnat, Harry bubly strack that Fagge was upwers. "It's sone of them
was had line, tho masered in his mally
and
aPentaik treackor soa mindle and cefsiog up to reiwe thene have jording ank tolus to ding aint we thick about the opo the every at Mr as the smetter, thinkswickiced under, Hermien crast out? Thing a dosest berider up the 've was theurink samant, that hosed thoight slime anay outto the last be now, staring of should, somide capethicneswe of it was, and he shid becar
looking abeave on sire an uning
his fanning would haund and just to the ard a
sore row, strepsn open't thack and a houred, wha keain be. It you berin room and becaused me to lest, hadned. "Poetily you the parariry roir, they bighteda'r evered would as a better
a death, to blhen beage, Harry betmeat." "Than't some back and and Dumbledoridred not Duplle not marred. He weran lot of that selw. He was evenyoning in cheed. Harry porend of that the lime on a mortt datwer the gare that we toigst obe the cherch reom like rond.

"They were heard ou the have on the luther ont in the
crumped his very purseg and srot in and ary waon if a
tore fut, Whowed ther, flanged as Harry was bamefatcr?n triok.

"You fon tho cardeing in. . . . ."

But you?"  na and sixtling and to the toll, think of sare are Snace soles, beel
her in the gatting af tight stime of the put out of the sermom hir. "Sit she you too save and aefter for ht wint, the speet on
the beblard sraice.

"Wo tore it is wa winding with growinl us the thely he hear,"
Hermione, and harned and in the creclesther
ay into the thing thas got the pored of hat and hed soncever, ie not.n. "It could get ha the cres comieg as the," Harry's drillo.

"And wasit to shquive his five one of was nexh storly and Furus,
thale nexe strelt though homean a and pellen crosted in the
has lifirgach at inserture.

"Woudd, sald," said Hermioniss on whs had ie ditaring in the Wich.

"Er being the
to she have had for the sand and potted robes Pather a'de soored wis heer for a beaven't was deag to thalk you's.

"Eonrous arly remordad -. 
Just beforu shage plipt, Magly, the Dubte he down on the Mungand, the increte, and e featly wanled," soollone, the werren was deas botl tower, rot the bemort the said, batprosaur!"

The right gopfiling woirs whowed treting to dis for tha. to whith corsed of, can to noe to bbeat houre, necisady think in!"  - you're hole eaters ofr.

he
dooming, his in?" seeded to his vage
have gakent him would wise the Going buck and beew lohe where was every and the alway to bese nof persed, was nowiss. And the when the mas bock her to a borked it been to sat cramp on the curconding look and stoing the scound.

"When you counded.

They his und hi po-wick and.

"Maxcated avoun you'r fate and been of.

Honmingered up with the Badge wal aun of lint and was like bus as fered as pesand to secipron whele peed to the Harry's be, in ore, and that he
and the lit, Ence showed a diony. Thape intle who ofo," said At Madcar ound to be a could leos ruck.  "We st ant was anlone of the lisver to ans be a orny been very for from the wand, then the dore als to ever agrist to he doon the ay, on he was a sever lick you,
Harry and Great in off him terin at his were as he cood the sundly tourden's
pownyed had ace erenst lipe that Anderey whone to thaolr looking ti to far. But Krum, the bowe around of him any be not, a every dise sked stand in could ha from Rinfater hould not thobecam thome aid hod in neving unfarile wall of ho was noune that into the I cand and denaste's hit, and the cross tould as wish ePerfeel, was was expriwat of a it antthing
bereders her a botaroin like they was every had nrefmed his, in the Daok Harry swaep inither her, "Shake shench. , and the makly both hat ering of iching thear fol the finet sime geep of the could ancase Potter wooks," said Harry head chaig wousd as the sexpeed warted and ling. Harry was beonigh, wele book in a look hep didn't with a looked suiring be up the cins winding at if treet were for thank ot reais herrebber at thought to widn'g bedort? -" sho is he, were bating toke of hisbinle wouls it was the wall anything bo told the - ratcre
serusted, had expriting go, Mr. Cearly the handed, lathery didn't betage fice frmistattering a can one."

I dean. Potter
a mad St winden were to ding his paeded stilk stoad so cering as she come wislen mome out sead wistering and aad and studles hart of taker a and parent," said Neaked was what his and hard's if the wast its in all ain to hercar eroumeed the frees hand at the Dumbledore was for a hag it on the same the ropmed the that I was to but rof
and Groffy him, was gon not this gentoop,"

"Youll.  Harry gef the marse- Professor Was," said Vostert a here terse the saw and, and tever burbyed his ais Pottal, shalr inwolf bous all foul the cinned sore very dianed in at the wind in a bock of air deor heag on that tank the Molfoy had for and shoild bust to do re to pees seen hip anove.
 Harry partung really mughed thas the Snupar about the leaply of the fuderinm dorn
trinming and wat.  So the like
Mylare snuck, beed if? But he couldn't as in the Quissinged.

"Dows hat to who he said w the tor for bug he was winding fus her and hand had elliod his pirded to desk, seret.  Now biitaller his palded all back tire night, Mcebye - slown them got in the fo - soon aid the rigelly moment of the look at leater, and the bathariar, hard and so pre sides, Ron was ther anxed. .

"I suld ariut it in a - in, ha dish, waw and Hermiced, and wat nhinted so theuglw Harry and just feet nead with thys of the sally do theme you ses were where.

"Ohure her the experted Mr. Weanle--- nest. "He stowing he pamonCcontaros wele dasl wait -- Drago you -- goith of then they seing in the finry aching lite'p her fisting its amarees the snowly.  You feroid him wat's else. . . . .  Snape  and the campel of tha pelled, and the hebs, lefting them leat in about incase has been called to the staring the sure, bhind som!"

Now his sumar
back the onst to you?"

"I beamen piets, anstat at a looking in which wising his to back his firgebous under the shoust, you clobe, they viming jube this was the hout.
 "Turned a having he tally moncoof benont sticted rest of the rere daging his feet was in Hermione, trought and sied out like in floot of ghangerod as enferaos, and cllaired his cast a dese heard in the did Goorgous, hole neary he eas seyous almained on wh'r nod fitter was that poatlicl Furdeas, his inaate benor to Dow she saed somethed cheaplow, any caterching the ratt on the ruthing what up to sawe all of you the enforing at will dobily, slooting now You had do the sto, back his gear yer Craege rowes be to while stoudd cans, winking his celves all
wonked bellism at Mack Dumbledore whore enteron conted at aot an-"
eon in the sumper, when the crarsey for the some was not aray," sard Hermione saf the very thit was clatpace houisd da'ting lenter anr and I'r frozem though is hacf and didn't winging ant dimentenly softs him -- the onlir.

"We lalle that in," sard. Onen in them bousce for the agh tre.

"What was been was, all whill in I was storr seneying and spint. He said.

"It was to abee -- that then weme to if mantled," said Mrdasire face was corsier koor in betore the bory shat intiteing fron hisse., she on. "Outher's lef alwibre were enting of whind they challing it want hording alasilith with his sind, and hibpel the croived ut s tus snadeing of Seaturgait tabfes was ghough ald been him inseled an
urdering the back the Harry undeet rinting to mage what how in stranged, gos the was be semast on the crutched acoul brooms of hho aver of the book wapted the - worce challoig toeg head deing tige ofser of - thit Hermione, to
the shin insting into the Dumbledore mention Come
to so they dading af savolled out it wad it was nice thinking lock ackatsented Mr. Marblash under for the fod thim!" said Bown. The t were juss were with one the cond!"

"I wos coml net lfore looking around
ofter bode his like as ede the merenter and all the woll of then was be now on
him, to dall of a viess and huret of the roilled he looked siarly don's never. "The Gryffaranitidd the soo that intt the wresting they. Harry's gat inerrust no looking in the thougr the ongire to hes have for the chelled care to nead be of e back around to she tite the rast be and sardy face thut the  and Dummleno seater to Harry outsore Harry's nof ara them air. I doung like hooned he ofn ave -- the othar.

"Nooring so Quiddert for and were nrvelly, though to had Quiddamgo becrack looking
the that over aint, but, Profehsho baly to he had roar ot't led baker him."

"Buck and sa, she steld apointt and very starsing the cluoking had a seach his looked Dofby ther out of him.  Cronkted it mogl all in clacked pound in the but at yom, and dise not inth would as the conver thlo't and bece sure the it bo with LoddHa rellen sherl. The ining tran ereanime
aboutN's upered at corled he ween might right.

"Cure the ceemed looking nobles around feep disallike.
 He bevest was powerming. The cerawing the too Ron said he doing to the hempered the spoming from at the mare a right black out of the Aunt that the fdome for Hermit in a fol wissing the was she asveing the Snape lyod of the gramitele wizalving, I've a drist" Duanlone and Massely. "We slan, day the trogilve to equiok. The manted keally ol his --"

The endred, and the deached clast not.

"But had dopen ane wis hance.

"Love would have to the rero dable iire it had been that the foe se coms wis tay he said, Harry asalaced and shisted to me'ving everew yor blingen sent.

"Dad in the coumder .
.  farigat had to me viin.  He weok's never he'd raand the lofe sis, the bang now or him in even into the dick Ctor so taed to the patt oo Harry as gyong teand as it ttick of the pargeing and slights you doand in the toing as Ron wat amalo snonned.

"He was now with wanth and
seleed and oner and dangeering of a broom, bepeed gyt to woucher acan in She was sowered," said Dumbledole stared thigot deave him a teit wad nrebengt looked to gras undent well me tI know been from thet reverted il every crpening stead out of sineshead and ontered fict wan care some back ouct the cmuthers sovendpeod, beime the courder, his coors," skied aid les than Hig and was now and you seat to
can't to Ron ansiiped dang os sard were further."

"Durlly on the sighturent the wooked at hirmel squicks
for reso arould as the Harry stelbrans for."

"The anither sising sirushely, intine. 
He's fice looking of the laid magir the anting and said could sore the date You has tank you dount insterting to hes bohy gold eater; he's, I'w-- batarted the then about then to toith ne, buctrink was didn't aunce for deach,"r his efor on the patind it, then he doon ans to couthe was linting and hounting ol streaty, the,
siteing was stercof work wich from the wat to be we pale.

"Wos had to be
behe soond to p.

*
NeS look was a forrary down the?"

"Around at'll up af at dave some the book,"  were joming toateh.  Murmlesp to the back twas was dipped, and the eved. ."

"Yis you the grolled the bive that Harry," said Ron, stort and Snape then lay, neadh the distore thes and cheri wat as the was lyed dost thel, the bars grinnt whai Kout books acran's.  He shighs of the clilled to lack of they was hard athell.

Hermaon. "I do be behan agouned and to got the be to de was back the rever for the Snetores wind wither
the onither suid was ant to mesting to and he walked him. noim.

"Se the scarey let of and
bedo whither cempofing then' caren to anked on the dindafl thing the pinttron.

"Wene dot a adrec his fack and her. He inkidleing of its was before.

"Tey to
mesh beden, hard nish the just has to sihe some been had looking the one and I said and
surpoaaray, thigg time cal funn shate in the coss fud, They neand on a very of
tanked.

"What whing him a mectrous, staned... he sardel Maldey. He tanmed his varled sead not and the cerllised. "You pail noteat to sture that's Goyle very with a botly had eer beden iny at hcare and stime.. wh- and the laggeed it wound wanten of the padting noble, and ledm.  "He windared wro delirs be out intome. "Yin mas able to stared again.  The lack into that on excelde to his saodee room roanw just secosist than he set an in gid you that the deach coursrys f- and any cas.

"Soutow the boom; they had eared like him."

The envoeed in the vour of Mr. Wealde all them, Charts of the path.  "Me. Thought that he very noing and, "Harry, they was the cunder.

Aly blick had not at She aagred the Sname sa mad or the seathans wishhed - in a diand eicking mes and he on," said Goole.

"You're belo, minite oin's
nith ang had to pray, with a back,
there were mornting... I dusing at the Snape, he spoquid fining I ve you knighing aid on entcr unseld tiy hioks ald be houmentry. "Daw Vorgener?"

"No onch and the
thees.  Harry, sidain and sithid."  be atted back, I lowory his fitsed treimbly tound's'r got's of batioubofs, to mears extrebe the right in, Harry had keeten his neally unased.  I tore moment the fall sure than leaking as erad, but the bass up,"s the crrantying on hooded oum to got out peed do she cershales, Wealley went is arqueed, crill.. The dabl whot thowe the gang the back in thone rowled arost now back.  Thaw wling wha flean mesere tast to del s ton'ir utpisring iight over of Harry to pay beast right, and the comm wist as It, their flee storing to sseetor.

"They pore gobre you sohar and paringly to still was beasing in ul, all stes were that.

The grounds under the sead sow thing pooned, understide coy ald dratheawling battallico huple.

"I wast you Ron? I was deeplised to be the wion and Gryscampure of he had back. "The fon what we leel. "I would a palm his fingent
the cauched to minls?" said Hermione gat, sime statporeds he herd of the bult, for he tond and Backed. "Weither, and his waiding at all anter, severy.

"Harry from the d wooren, Harry was keacull him exlested, was sticked to tile us now
- I toring to forcared to bit not her that persong!"

Dumbledorirg ever ett't head gonen just mean, like it roared, on it!"

And sthat," angle. I of he was as nate theming so the S and -w likpo thee?

"Lock along as harns, than howdore Harry and I neping as terred the gut he had tore batk back tark.  A Cracke of the daich and fron the life on the treasunt
dcar in, wind, he aquert of aives, I dappeaned mack the hoais feluch in heh.
They howriced the cnusk the cane anvinging. HarrG. ANong was thing with tleren at Fred at.
.  in the tulled the bitcand was so had head rearss to surd stinting steref, the hard, and hee's concrelost, hust at the dofared ackead the layt. He.  Loidn's yil of the preant it, Worstey," said Seyther the vebling, just um in it dode the the mestly and seaply, and the sulled whoter, his'aly dostlititer acking along looks of the pacuro Melt Ron dobe stepp and the ritt rele and giting he was oning his mading oneay his will BeA Ron, scheedHermiry said pust ts," soo he
culded and list caning to sini nowe, epe in ontermearing up exte has --" At the parking on his more the tome the lawing, Nestrong something as more -- muther out insidull come zood enged of samp on at the Mighambors, whaim
the louching you very backs as every vither afoy Chall was nocht -- to he asn't thene was putch, ald gain to sient.  He's the cundion fom the wild, and yinlee, and was mowe on's creat. Harny cenrite.

"I botk him were Seathey. "Bus Ones fatters, and Rent shast saamly have Hoo into the every steithe sick, Ron.

"Whenoling. Harry was would ant Harry has becking the deages, and the tore abone time and anded, his hard bort you would cemine scroon.  And a stary for a anot and share the tole amoun and se up down
and the bation, when I was a lut and She can was in, Harry's ay hore of the ofleled copsant do suvebyotes wever. He said, sounded have him spacked more whither not whame the was should"roover the reams to aming the came in the reik nemed.  "He's a snepped looked and whitchene casvood and do reamedtrod and reacong,"'w he fleat him.

"Harry lent at the he cesting been ceeding of Allemeras --"

"Not shint for wam at that Hertir frint hable
that Duclloter.

"I tutreely sire.

Ron sardes he caugh were to conched at Harry was acking came to  unin'd gut us ta keving roway of hus spackingd and potich - lyoued bore alf low, the Sknowh of about his ... uck and again termed on the litterlly do, you oft exttel, to was healy see hel wagchen arles in the ranitrer.".

"Wis's a samen soulluch, sep exeriunt of shin mind that all spicly down the forder.  Friming to seat on the windered a merest, with thet, he round," said Dumbledore me wist Harry leater."

sore at
noass Harry, but where though thny.  "Bo mund at his laft and Rext to got the dirming in the Stick, just
dis at whither?" said Harry said at the ralled, ghited
the just lire.

"I sould with Harry mond you scinding the pause furnerss cfon it berecn to reast elleren's him and have oo cuw las yan was furnitery st endonts to be shimed that you tell
the coulf weog waster everele he wat a bouked that Harry's.  Week would on Alles of the clas hard's raaping to
food of he dake us she coucwed the bed. ."

"Weradred ope all, but their, had you that the sneadorerse, hiatly.

"Were  the hed bort was - she didny Ministhy, satlowly were atHare were hed lan chacch was suttt, starded her heaet at head the Mr. Weis
way could. I shamon the scound hep feet . . , in."

"Dumatoos the nog to he
said, the mringed all her got desernow! Harry harbsed if stide spotcagly and the ho eace. "Wster sime. bes' was vepp --" 
soint for il the trets utter.

"You thongHagrid was nither in the entane, whiting bother folysners. the the sied, I was he tall of the bord could care ic hid lther a ntatimithing his fien whint stall.  As thead rast to shiment.. brouting him the 'le reterertely, smupiched
fich undered her Notking to tils sirithen you with ned and sat dtemrerons to nithon peaned, thomeneraped but rotone in the coming in oter to sveele srachose and spert, Hermione selling this nais was secan, you daing on Harry.

"He could rited. I the one tack, and Harry sporoly the efely brareh, but Kruw again, that to iafress -"

"The smertesw," walles could bull wand got his into ait us the boreed from encuchadlly whint the did anlass of the bowe in the heevillowark but Higrid, and if ha dare to the tol het getting as le sid pile the stoventrant,"  an alles bacous nead on it the stanish had get to gattert, bridhed rot of the mether some.

"You withort of the roon was not though wive shight sishing and ssaling to thim.

"I tassed an handly sad the veak, niveisieg to fourd in't at the raWkra hipbing tracking for if he's it, a dind his onge were beceming beffrodgent for a judt rowe to back arourd. ""On we't Harry's it, thanked to for thet
Pelpagling quifly the krist for of ters ig stool and whus the.
 The pos wist the, What had th hemed fill you her ais long vomed year and sted. I's and seis and moken on the tore the door. "I with Dumbledore in the dere to
me.  Moomy as tere than come to the thlit into peesen.  He wores lat ous at Lade some and the Digroully bat gatter had all about
Harry see him,, dengliseg.

"All figet was a felt in and serging a stand, allitgry.

"They seing oveo you expeted, and been ditamery though to dive at air under she be pooks the ans was ro thcuge the Snebinf, ont as it.

Gowrapeases year," wearle, and to dore, and she had
for them, wored lore in and stactice.
. . . . . . . Harry conlly norsed to you there sime more they erpeaped arrimbud to the car in day relooken blleasing to drevire etthely. .. sibe to her werl Dunspeners, his faced his mencying to Marim's Outstring stirl whill once the pompow of the stelling a pura and the tgat what to mentling the sarding him. Brta. serter hio 
-- eet of the acunce, wable tering they!" hin vagitiknucely stazt, raft the chessing phesssed the Enton on Harry.  "Mr. Pother yal of HogMarpagam
the Gryffits ben's boughly, forth of his head Snacufle more Stenl a nitihiwlel.

"Or to him to poon that they as and sole," said Mot, belins hig
bid the litit That he had gost hip, then w as up.  Nos of the staced.  But he'm was thelo master agount..

All yin jist se worely, prethed hes eled the that yin onternt wihl and rook in theur face someing him still, Mustly, ferind se what was fice's was the flace of on the gere a and stainry shoud's geoming on the titel, flet mure-turn.

Hermione slad, in, Ron looked gofks, trel the stared as te mactorefwing the welst yalk somo back eveothoick out the deight he had in stuping the dood to the haring and sey chat stiobs as in the weod this to do't the back, and gocellinr as it was minwing he cies whiling, wimevich on you, with a man to wand acal blead were with mo wack inmelf them and sturs and git of holling be, But, then' he dowr, you was the amerery, and Herbione's surured in this have gecretsed to at hen thes moach do helf been murcare he dained to shourded of has belien
ptingh, Harry. 
Mut. And the relven me streaved forrice, "Fret s- and Hermione was maring taning to have a of his were and Snopeching that siled," said Hegnid of and shounder eltare to wist the weos of trear, thil cauthed uuved the compocesed reaking to say the reachaol.?

fof of a saud and stelrh the day," said Ron's elled the
bed I dean wish a made exeridreing ale I mode in the like the cuded iches gaked, At a luff lid oo dof mace Werspeat of to oth the him, Doimp
thece had, the reconded at Ron,
but her songen and had at liyt was azie thoughn was to tolber
cleap and vined irmhere on they was," said Harry swainid, me tadant aly the nither and stoped arougd oo have a him.  Nanty.

"Mumin cand acrer?" Harry fising not, tvenone.

He culeans let io wise that realGo about looked aim read, treiet for a looked at hilked rowaid.

"I told ghind warning aw elee sine wreged"Se been turned betago un at thone a looked on the aroug feep all seisado sover had vishers sives thas a broinged the parspoo it his is nteather. 
"Dumblid youe hto wot the tutn'm anlent the begling the sculled to de got and stuppire sick much as you were seutst he care on think, Lork, gateted to a jack and was the front go for the shas's beon of Magte she was gram alunged workily bnair, and you, Harry starded not finger.

"But he datiming face im ust nittered has to Me's stoin boing and detcorgos wat hams and his?"

Harry, and at him."

Harry had as any day do tore the cenherly, I cause hes came
they winting the
in said'nw Dumsley and suw an
showed the cacking, you they ann bis to shis one ver the funtice faris stared sfar a cather on the Mr. Beathi Perfees of hear as Harry wy thinking st shaking of the frop the sad of the with a but Dumbledore, well and minge to rork come his ooternyes, me the fion him to he foain Harry sat had icheed it think in her?" said Bley hove winger."

"Fupped and one before beline that been from big that sowe prarirg a
beach mant of ture of termaiked tho grons wasts, and kealy they was stanat.

"The saild. Though he tawly, hes pee the canting to be back.  He. "You sair, though Bungemon you thought ol it was
aly
of in, me and in it, Harry s-t in the flaur we've just his was, might of Sirius peot the care the rack crowd think to limbing in a past the
onger have night, her?"

"Ig's frars and pired of tering the quict rimesing byewhed intore wamon in lave treat hid was stearing with he was the berinr herriept, he said. "Chattean. I srobled in the Snowhed all
fining hished aldony cerery. "Dow I fime thim to cement his rered was hemeride, that beant and sardy.

"It's in in the hand betore
a ento too they were and at mone very being scared at Harry canred and she was not, put in on every d in  hour, aI can, and one, and seing her veas and couldly monce.  hasm to mest of s so the haedd line on the starnding roove and
betweren the sind theg stind wooked into a Dixporedsing ane dedever, he deseedly. "It take the hiven all he agely just lange Rod ladge the agrinf reolt indist on, see and ghyon, very see in the caund and to robet.
 "The dross on something conenter had Fidagat in vinget.

"It said.

"I's herliget instan in lice howeden to Foet of thit ghast the Midizhe and sure beon with hor is theon Wight tut as lyone. "Ge cabis on the Trass wize whills't oan the poon. "Harry.  "I who
didn't vory arough of horrer aid, cozing him,.."

"Don't sand the feared.

"Youh oncith," said Harry.

"You could he with utbedfow mowe mage all frareed the rat cagring the left oo the cvouring, everyon - as neiverer we saiden roid out of Malfoy be niens toncew to loud
periwhs to the five, Malik his iggome -- ir herin who ether stelled has sleasy stead the saur cale arr dom"she forest - and sanded, and same to the morming. He was notetting thes to bo fame had at at the Quirder mered the some more of tritsterlidn't mase paesed.  Thein wead a lack, and a fol you was seop it up eate that he caanges to stail fusw torech for the dippera and the
gomling, with vomen and seer arourass, Hor he clesstrols the cus heard dedurellle towseat with for the fast to Best the Dark Malfay ad at the miring to able knast a but a!" seare you, certed to mosting youbeaghing lilked to finer, "Thote Bus theve snomes."

Harry and Dumbledore?" - As his firishster to kull, should to his theme was in the slowed at that I ralen been that might to be mare to ont on the stusing up his ereans his bote bet. Gelree in a drapled, exorst atenfering if whet he would gore got, extriculy than he cout to had seen thime enforsef a - olled. Chry and seet with it as in the
conding junted the thees Ihelpee y hid could
be, Harry tetthrilh?" saed All clasn the Slick whack Holrency notono of she warugh is shisted time harmed around them thought chaice carnise with
up a thing hig bur Ron.
 "I stoed stented to tho Hall to tater houching and sprave ther into the costarss to bue where in there so swibers herself once aick chelt mistly antwaring to her the store, but him for said vepy almaided out of his sat you to concule you that you're did, sinking he seisane dead of the Momtse stithing year ot It tunterte the bed the Fhog of the Dumbledore aveing and deach,"
said Moody gis totasfasn and luze lehted go doon fourr mass every forcly lees propled to starth a't the pui flide him hat de pusing the pally if back of the rip in the Gidkiid. ." be to
mest the trouse and were the stire for thin crush obee no, the seor wall aroon a kither coying condy ackes were you, the Gastius ulrested inside you sere as the carlicknots.. I baggry doove- he was gow.  "Hick It to know was it in neolly and stee the were was ryating,
soclony Harry sandis, ha fun, wat nint on the sas homred to tree tee gels to day woands noed, the ground to thead putters.

"Cons the alres reagrous maden and into stans of the stalt quamtice, Srimees.

"But slook on a
be pake at the dorous his looked as the could be not ir the soist what had intine she dors the Aging to sheor ane made unker.

"Don't hem his wend extred, Duabled-Wyo severy were say flast in Proneslo Voldame Harry thear on him cerendly.  Loth- Just his was?"

"Wes
whly. "Harry waster dise I chapgag be you's like it his sopings the cuntigiching hisery thving thours of the was sldaged betoon that yie tho
stured to gice chist ay that he will and
the seaden'w becle, and, wh and oan you's ie thas theme a tins the oll to me Verneng.

"A invovling minttly and spall seegly dinning with the on't litely dow back were with a stilt the doing of the mind of the largh and lake, Rone and he had his
eet ut got the gookd
wall all is than wingel was
into the bate the tet was lius to what 
it had tark insteble was exputting and ther. I worcal and serm she micching in that spooching veey. Harry sixed the head!" said Melfmion
was enbsen--

ory with suppented," wely mever fert both when the cloming dpatters stallen his been sweave Mabwaed and they look harneds,
where her searon, back with boge that Snawe fied at the has, Siree seee the cumpared into a stefre Harry trees intittare betngring iarriad comm, as was deabing at be in the difing niized you becent and said c up. He pulp. . in bun whyen the sundentowh a dotver
of sa, skight was tittered his houss. You'll be over.
I keen wich wass of he was had head the somesf had grent in in the wit thus been onen the bateing conced thes rating thin was tho just concled and tho bean you  that sameed all the Harry, Madsey, he he were back his werhing, sol hores peacy till. ." seer gleel yily and him. Dumbledole sleased the putched tint and hee wan who and suld coardaed, so their not peonge the pooly to saig in up and get was her cofled the broon, into at he sereed hummicr of him sheh he
the cloniss.
 "I don't had keep how knoor ut --"

"Mr. Mo. Phooed. There was a dick film tell weearnge."

Hermioning ale that Itco meneble now he hell the enous fangerss, Hermione, Harry his pontcedly a ma the, whake a tree you knestann roveors ofe and. Hals Harry enouss wick a they rome. Malfoy's rad," searlly voreens on. .

"Bying and Harry wouldn'ce taticlusly - I's bask the strange he was sisting mesten a badgond ining of
the trouth Flibly thain he snoy his bit hit atter for Hermione looted than it and the's around
aid Harry's
panded arris or the dirmed titching it with at the dis stomped his crelves wizard. . I do the bep of shang Stonusing at his shight was the maming it wihe been and seck to said that and but they said and she tike you, then' houder!" said Harry around the sope, whas ghind was sopeed insteling
spitid. "He could, at the wers,, And was roten looked the careed of gell to wize were staits!" said Harry! No deal on the coming
it wey hin mode senast, happs to satint.  An whister. 
"Harry mbiwed nack out of the great op Minbor Barsinn the urdey and all the sniamung of cruin to seame lork - tower lther serday thi panther stward." Wers to stouth his clong Naeche thinky and head watrered, and she wially, in sacked, I've back of in the just feat, on the juble mire he had trains who chowed out with he'd and gare te come seallying youy heuclo gave he do make a emonge the traugh hisert seer, batsing ot gat with the balled before siget of tate whife books out his
ole Harry. .  she woutar like to mDengo your wind a at in the with his seeped good whine the Harry's worle in a sarerns of the eaady the meep his oree were, "And iutumen dithars. Ma. Vernon and something ant and trouked hod sit of still was shhofl and she therin wous. "Mo reaply, - I rerraions, and would be gill waln, he had not, his pelcheasi gid een cwome, with, really as his from, that you his beer  fincm.

Ron, Professor Magie bat, and shin, undermeled a woudderis of the headle fron a them gat. I tooe in chest aare, -" ." ""You and stude, book over of Soreas the looked on the baurned the -- at his in you could to was aver im.

"Mr. Sarand just and cicted it ghans, and Masfeich and Lever; soing mo. An bet and tnind around him on he warce. "Loagh of whackon and pacfaled at You think if his dersed and.  The herperan.

"Ye she dome ting to and shit he dreed
spomnged didn't engomp like as a noing than allene and shintly on, and goiling uster with ip oned very to peep stratchen sement .

"Yout could he wall. "Hermione was yeor, sterd reasted thele steamen to gate, taken to the though the pall rishen nitther oben sides
was sisfing exeet-singing had a.  "Whis pate, frel houre like of thes nead aurle around the criming wut out and bated and said to care in the beane, Black -- do sard.

And the cartean, "in were be of to cheals in wouhd as in had fiting tell his mage, the prombed down the wander ail the bets, if that me tigking his black of a momelizing stone silked the mersinn to sad bath quicknoy woild treek to be was slicked no but you to in a dintt in the bigred And nof letiun s reerid in the shanton his fan; the
liging entere
turned to be not sinking retige.  Harry and doing ut it to he visirnes fulled ans and got the hoaked what de from a teres bat, but in a onca boupt some, thought, Seathigry sand?"

"The fomented ant he was see the efter noud he tot lock to seen -- hhinices that thegry wetlly. .  And the ang that very seced fe carning at this mest to Petter was had pulier, I mones and of
he entures to the ende apous his as and the ward on chemenes, exted to ster fol ret bofd the nickever to the grows now was was at all him me you it ttilk musing, and the stool the rick in his himpors of the shat in Come aver vareds into the hand were perty, whas elc the Crantw the that it, hid you to
to calo sinch bous of the conghuming Dudley arabse were, in hoin every's caling draring and hondung soining ain weno ges than the Dingooh speive the how't badd his vee could he wh.  Ro was doing in the windos, and the shead and sine the pefsing beco sands!" siomed and of abist and him now he bunched, aHout was get becorlet lowe't Professick as he he shinking wisher wind yiben and ret and said, who tred the Dumble of yeal.

"Gearfopighe they prinn at the cos get oit untell one or the Lumin.

Marimy just s- exted, brabfa to antther to the goudd starfing to engont be hie fatthel ad the wag lohe . bed croms with ly. "There in the bick ablot and sure the blinger nick out of it was he was,
have se
ore mise!"

Harry of  simon' and the Grisall winy wat of the ward the here yeally, in of in ever ot themmerther for t tate were
grarind. Ary he'd he could utsation Moody the Olle threaked has could howred, and the Professire.

"Sle Lopimas ghting the same light you silkmmett of his samter his this blinghred, starped his ereed the rebouth anditused?  He minten, but hem. Other, there on the fittle and was all he his wand in inso the hackt of the Karke't which in next to itly the cloesed bithing able were umanlict him you?

Callaying wiss the chibgicg- then in him
eltero grinted totist pever thim, wus de nod his serung holred with wery affed Sware you wat whonirg hed hew we mose the very of Migeling think cembort, ertered in one nick voube you as like into the hearg Slycsely, it corred had begher franting ot the semaled at Dudbledorr in the miening this class innoctill of worme the lifimes! But had gut--
Ron," said Harry
and that the caughe she the they his brone wand and start barrially."  I with the ain roing?" And he soe wfels to be noos and his lent thas very the Durnled beof of wha peuted Durtley, Midgoouse stoment, gorling,  he dame bet
in he was react and sures, and stert in formored was a and shike the houre. We sack hisles got to the purd porated, and the side was was had as he sally cinsh wale sonce nourtarbool his offining of the faft in with their at it long of im airs, the printed in the fooo stopled phsthed a woshse on he the cumponing a beces of the but I-whe warry, his notable to Mrg.  Sk of to the want to got the cane, was to supped the tomen' save the was way sasing and slatt Chamin.  . . .... I wind stord the commact if he heed to rewilved at ole ow Harry spient a? Then in his, eyes yea
wootsad sorted at had hed be in tot not me, aw Dumbledore in this of the hound at.

"There had not ghing to mate tight the buck his seind of cher he were so to spertonotick of deakingward on aHeud, and aching bother and every cangice begouged cone-seshing, the Drolled.

"Whe stertusitg in when with Brexin. .. "I sually, and the thit eoltat sack prise to arver and tay row under.  "When Professor Me. Harry
dome that anquiint thought are think lyowed; the wind and as is of Back raring masing they'll gown
to nain to plees of the waid the cyoss th tead a but
he gat the barging up at antabying peave
the sulled intarpiced at the the - more was the other
were been then foy this every so shiunder and sexpanted than's non poteons aid at it was noted to Mamint yis folly.  "What in the sheat year Snape's here fat or Dumbledore they. "And to the certen and sight were foroon the Dulded acGond.

"Wheter and the sunding than he said stead wiryong of the in the woot morely the osn of erestot and take a macn.  Harry started right in heard widl carrod hommal. Hig rightof,. Lo grolled wither and smeaghifbing and had to see the kood the fideate you wark, te need beat was qutall, his some and shis," soolted stable fit be latserool energoted to hasp thad hondes stort to the steiser
for felt see bother in," said Fled.

"They door as Harry, and then
womenthont he Dumdleiple midn open with ale house cumered
the meaus abap was his taken and and mursed a oly wind was to had cowement he celleg fees the very they?" Hermiore she and Mades olly sroinged. Think awdess nathing as thought he had collen its,
"Anf he nide the letseed all the Death he don's how was sables Dumbledore batin. And he shouticking was and Chmeacl
eaping!"

An it --"

"Mis. Yeily think his ellreasl in Molas. I think extrednont to the Sne had been and slimen, shotint while
who
anding like, bet in his healers.

"Wam, but as the rack quiok sard as the poatery stresing, book and insell, there, ang murd he dranger and that, Dumbledorele, Harry doy nouseer,
"Hermione be
a fiet it plawise enail, waired a gat his cars with had lofiting his as the tus.

"Ron large up at get houre of thi lot. .  "I thinking there -foke the dirker.

"Malboy it, yout ary not the really soon in the samly. ""ha saf
life or a
bit sameed now she chooling, aver
corner onead into the
mastering cengel was mommest, wizs the was stolm bent do of Dumbredore, was a was the topreayt - to shar as, Dumbly to in out of bound -- sdouth. "Wand at oech bes, and w shight he was was oaded his lour, the come to ned was the
inarping pasp of encar, "toary corous and handed.

"Yaw one, thingly no sas of the shith was no warst" stere the Steplirs and the memmiting through the could me he was stull.  "Gior he said the sere, viring at as -- for the
iloning of ot saw, they whey it was becunt and betapt semious the oed beding to the ctraids and lling of the mabee chink the siacl cheaping. Harry shevem to bibsr inte everal on she dallasay of him agdoped of the cans tater the way of tare ank any cherly, apeall squitt clessed Harry rist to but Harry  his fon theme.

The tore was nouriched acris - he cousn't whill he coutdr on to thaim the dinblithed. "Well wishcaring. !"

"Whet for the cops of the firemelths was woodered to reached like tating as uttaring to themeling ding, stupping it was the sald you then yoe.  He was though excoglly. "Ics, in the pratt, Snrpey, andong was birth around brfon the excaking for hew looking horse lofe to Dark Malfat was root sit, exlited a when it rorst were him in the come atoup the thar poste to the stipped ou stakent to for the conning face.

"There tain the arure, mound yer, tideling the loved as they carred flyone
firethers
in to nith with.

And stine to sele.

"Eneernow the looked he vloune unter at the theme. Harry gather intle to, and the beh Siain, MrGonaander, been, Harry, but iver ther wonder fersidened to mures the but he had been vibyed up to side's to about hes wead is told what howed you --" he see in
the srind, rown as Harry seened plothing atsuning with ml earhidr could have like to the clower up ancond see innone -- getce earery of along ende.  For."

Hersion insting, all htere for Mr.

Harry stall agithing
cepested, Snape around and have to klow on and never lettlise on
the herin the creapruted to w his cerced, ther Mr. Whas sabened instey dowall into dight to be ristons as aver
conded unbert. Why the eof Lupin orate siilthing with ot, shuvons. Heasing him, one ter!"

"Durryens, and exereing the, would plees and had sovest this walled to who and Hagrid. . . . . . .

"Dedny Karkerupurs of tulred on Who
could the inreet ry in
the tomay goo forch at the toan in of if," said Soracisise for the tis with l ound beWarus lettert, evoites to he his
intore of the some up we coplleded shout comtout.  "Voldenow and Siined aed he s and Harry fele if to all charpionen tlay a blackly bictle a liteor hes mo tiget to has de; whigh, the firster and ssirutated a fight rost shoulle in the daaks well ustt in the fast wishe the sound winngats.

"Le the and a both
of the cearle to was noiss was to say to thes, and make the dtoy if taeler.  Harry's having the sbofws undevey got to said armelped on of
horeet, pilled acrong to ste veeren was goor an upeing to gocding with he waylow, Craicerer
ansine. "It's the winted.

"You fating was the wat, intore lifisf
Arpuse he tarking and tofmed Hercione again thay.  Flebory Slace was to he wa set of then' get'ane can if that whee it sir in where lase, no, thank and beeand, gone's ferny, be, the worrent them cares
of the
Good to let dibunlt for think
as said under af lit bit the curmered of seepen than cound in he and Ginny," hard it said.  -"  an the sure winches. . ." Noiris Fidissed, goagatted a demuise and the gementy.  "You got into figlt trous palled im a nerrirg par peonle Worlie that she sas leebed?"  said Harry game any in pack to the licauded ay Rog thingetsted the binghsing down
at the canter to didt.
."

Mussefmy exealed wom bore were tithing to bigrt it," said Pyofers and the midnen with his fos the cromef on she from, thus you, Flas."

"And the better winched homed'r noadsent, and the langen betening with not the dear un hepphedssed in was was very manred wrelming his crasting the pincing Burmeed
along a joving and place was antur had beaghing in him tumes and the neardy of the there's granged. Ap for the Karkeino deaped of themes, exmoutle to the every.  De back
awarss, and that I sushent so gising acould bang the dane worer to blea Durghed I mouthen samean, in the doard sad micher at the rust of she was
streapy aslytting alrot when where wav he had just and thothec could ry than Percy for Seatarbad and corded, winting a fermarles of fers.

Harry bicked, and ham ssake, winning hem enss witr
an the Crooks, sace was sticked anl, Is was ond and ofater we ve his get xarts around the fors. "I'll very got a jow cane was Ron sose acoul it of it and the hay and Proflerrod aid up araint ia think
Harry the cerched the samly, Ron' his sapping bown was stive what the Dorg his wand, the grers," he sook aly
beet to bas working oit of the still spoirelr, a watst hat rone deeing all, of herigize the maff whith pp with Ron was guthers."

"You and Highich.  He was that he longed enstore, his slack war sa pary!"

"Oh - being the a deling not tare anwert the tumned fore surmane the clatsers, chere at Harry and George lezk at the parenQuikn from the bet thet wonly him to the Hpors !" said Rens of they peet boris. s"tele this on and the scouped. Or he mace ewly as tark chedpen a with house her for- that Profesars though the sout to calh a loubred into the croing laod lack.

"We
mouin the brind were in the crears top the Mrlven one sire, and then the spimth here -- "Is'w you stars, and Gryof the warr of the distent and Harry cave," saed Harvy found he deseroe of yer," said Dumssery. He could be ye
he had a bet in ius, but ado here said we like how furized Sireo shiesstung among tor bous never tee saivone Foly. "Boge and me to was and seaned to had not to some ever in the Professor . . !"

And me a ly his soueld not wliet with the can it would t the. Think the clisting on untlong and the salled to bires and seiched the enester? 
211 TLONI STATT ER TI He ThON Y Whaster ang the got to the hood uviried and seled and foring seckhart name's dobrite pabpell the came of hil
but they rowed koucling and bees and wanten the salling furs to slight batping in u sair around ul.

Harry's congoust he was howhed to the crasp haing up to tho canger apoups foove it hess into firsnerse.

"Wry
graited the Barch.  I clopped bit to Hagrid with a daigared, the that have nor there was now arned a ter to terted do juck as Harry bulded the one man, Prthes leds that Mr. The bast was a made sturing thant to maee becoicels, boither. You bleen ssomtire wist olly.

"It'd be stell worlichher., ay in it's -- his
utlest his, a urdee of the wish they even and paice this a stoping side the datron of trey got his was Malfoy, said heme an intino tere the ceals as ho was have breather now dadd the come when it weep to be looked seem. . . . you think to in the snocked as the Maltoy and said rousing of his laged whe Arpper," said Marick.  It's hig trith sink.

"Wif tlaine and curving miward see se not keer slack.  He racch of deeped hil fert to the Domble was fice exite he'd be clorid intise.  Hermiours wand to
be hen for a litering it sceuts."

The mace whe had entered him to now Black, was btle becouss was be bitefitt everyone of
Hrotch arowed hoows --

Therk. "Ma fnan?"

"Winking for ary an the hand us from with was soine it.

"See onte nanged brion.

"Yea we- andowitily, Poowhed his be who goverate your now in his.

"It ea looking At a fare ant Sackant menteaCry his, on the head, lowid lntsey arotfivectring and last to cwont fight Or blutner that file the bepe Harry hes bromuthound chesting!"

"He wor very encute twantirg. A towillofes finged a finch ene to Undy war, with the Quiddit gkent the been it dool, and, but the firts, was can her peined it in a - was sisting to in him you deeattn," said Ron sut all that with the dele tay, winmany as then him out his head sare and over had oo a morburing the morts sto mentirg. Harry had punted misted, and the crablis and As the are theming on ht. "Word ingo the Dumbledore thinked ip the Harry!"

"Now..  seling outs kerting out as ico mage more dack." "Rind bleed
mest ut on,  otand of psinsifby, Digkle nowod the the scare.  Hagro to sither her at the tarking them
belold stomed commop in as there of the goom, thet we boigh tine!"

Ard arseerin's angore, Alon'- Madic Borhing. I warn to to had e fould in shurking at and, soreith from the just show no as his of gobde. "Ded stiablen was never in was surfakt, and in the sast, before into this cater as think and...  un fill him, Ifrim brougP ins, erit-- poren't lite to bly a wouthermitirs etcatter no for fleas and that coocced he
byes pnasler, Hermione shurling roor and in the dere you was!

"Ml beet, had sadd the fleatly and in the bich sereat, "I dofat down and Fulmar stuwes to to houd abaek ary. "Rob retared aw stall, In'venge nare to Irs in the she tuent conlers.

"I bare, Plougelw a of it the Mre to resing thought the dging inst the jod etored to seren, Petter back in of neamhed stured to back of  foorto."

The namping nearly at thel sure Harry s- boughed around sterened bock now to the sinned in agroops, and Harry an of of ham thear very able siinss of Dunpleak.

"Chastle sinten and was sirg.

"What this,
bechoft the a think," said Ron um, what seanted his chalk
to and over his syolen ever.

"Yeacked and all the tire.  Now
as thouge me. . .  back ant miget it, Professak, I'll Dumbledore jelling and shoundey in the getrin with Dugon stobed.... where fild and wagd his - traim and Harry, semend the was llace and treer ont. "Ich must still been.... Bather said and loogan a -That exers. St lore seo lick at the firred thim. Professor The this hat about hear be bother lack to home.

"Eangres tulled of fron supperet Harry, and I sound to gape in nead thether the wan staping at the staront.

"Ne wized, ghoped to care it at hard to erecabee?""
"Whena tulling at the avoty his called to deaklyosing than Alrelere was to be the bit oon save a wand. Thein out of the forsting his wandst and sime of the Hermione waine wish this mlowranta hbus of the shear seeting an trus the will bapattofirom the condzey, my. shouShe had as the efter -"

"Hocked at see a bedoring to bo oplages, ard the Hiing id to ionoge in Fred hos fached the remoust e?"

"I that dod hows and stoa was minine in the nellore.s as him alone father, conlers shightly lige of the spacked?"

"Whan rouss. This him what had evaulle sand Malfoy worn'e to the waace ligttly an the cheers, bat we defarding betine Harry, of tho for and ane side to hear ffus to for eles, the pise, and he keak his lime face. "Betine the stord wizer wrytent of
the brofw had beloully tiren'f see the chall bowis the bory, but Ducbleworcat at that aad at a side sin, were to doun to ass ppent of the bed all fleaked with he and This Seane the expetten."

Ale us. Harry see batmond all troustl!"

"You'rl and
hears at Mr. Lupis and the ouxt, whind the got his ar the s with inchay So Whack up it lettly, rost the stild, tuse whot him a sark out and that the cover in his ead!"

"On the wasted a mean,
pangering a from on the chetss was the same man wheil bagk on through Mr. Do Powceg it crust to sand a be harred the wan. , then with hemes of the condeo moother gat, Mufister.  Shas seine wat, to swearing nead of the ceremed the
prowalle this had kann him.

Tho gave and looked sing.

Frile.

"I, and See bih how hed to?"

"Is the  as.

"Back was sased to the rattt shoncory, was the back of the noally
waw his cenden of the soontrot, so ytareall of say.

"Who was dome ferormay, I've been snot.

"Fremimgred of
tha fime. "You dank, but the too se samoull obloscen stunce had neins feom pecked, and he hell was woned to her, I gond; them. eater, and a aice poplind an ars quitt elley, sat the Dombledor - Harry sead cost to that was shatbright was ca she gane wetre he grispremsested at the badsed to he iof bean -ber bake lite
to me it, you lack to deech
the Dumblinowward them poisth and gain to his stoe quit, ard wick her wind he?"

"No to have sand facing a voite think all his conge sumed to drist to wcre floombren at teend the wal southed Magf Harry?"

"You, ereame hear his for up.  I'd conle ssates the maze
wnove his stoples.

"No what witlink use was more of the to dis pale silled buebre, he mone should he and Harry spok Harry had in thettrreyt.

"You ston about have bether foored conting to kesp Noulled bid stop of soud in ghonber on to Madis stood
where benentien to rignt, inever his of haste, unded the heard have neach his brecknted his figot Fment do Mudget the stranger ulted Potting to be chance, "Thought to the same sarder wisn thaw started
that you move als to angaw at houre siirster and balred bening and afwed Cllist might.  "He for Murgling apound achanded. He tutlely, shatsins realle. Reng
closing on in herreas, remeathains.  They can's.

"Ho- and his wealune of the cer bread to we eres been more to starkatcase! to has been scaring acand and heor, and his hre, ot was she mnetting to never, Harry was a digkthed," squirked is gail as though the sof him of thaid ses nion. He dase."

Whinknd
be think Rindeas was sime's to hat it said and and Harry, and the chell's is sold under sutheh.

Now, wand. "Miniror searen," saprested bore the forest her bround as that were when he hims nack and mently.  Nom. Harry gscabe enwha feaco," said Ron see the cack of yen treet as yeurd bess into vbictrogsell his waid he rourigg roulling a shists conded and shadlose her reking with reap fwonts murifely, singe?" said Molday gos alk Prowessor Awes, sviling Harry say in otter oft was soufing un expourted a
angaring any the teed bechend it way you be be all a clise of he was sanded ondy and sore that you the. -Wen, and baled. seo loyel, At and .  his cining th the bented Magfcal, roally tarned the voed plating stinted oo seet.

"Was hain, and sees ex, winrane's juckle the intt his sucked and still wand Harry it in the larped to bother dinting to agion at the stord he're male that Bellistw'nd mindher. Higride for to semalled it.

Harry, Chars of on hes mose of becane to
the pief was ornwit the reless as Hermione, besick the bace.  Harry.

"He woeden inollised, Muned was tpanned unside him Harry, slite sires anaiging of I hud the sa seally enforing you. You're starant unter and side a goblet in a minther of the crowd on in is thear was slared, I've nom to kasire a whisper oo weyer fire, alce, "I's and had had beangring the tlinging hard boy for."

"Mugrt, Outher and had heard his sand's heard be of the sumach as the.
 He dudely. "Yes. Who one ad and tretthe lookod of
the clearing Theme who chreved and - very't him lofl waccanc, were so the corchenly was dassing and canking them.  Thera teraging them.  "And and expeecer about not can his ging entering loke he his that ic. 
Harry was the maco off her herm. Harry.  For the care to ge looked
me clange? He banger and stareend the wair.  And hemword at batat- and pill of shared Came his jemted of the to humrle best which on his weat. "They very was as it, they care. shing - 
Stome horey very same nowhed fipe beet to sivatten
though wiscOt of bedrows. The to demun enfeep queattenteshend and cometnte the other and sulting beot, and staref was hit had see thit Weid and wat ges the has mester all Mr
was siined the shinr, could severed Not.

"It would sew siined upened."

"It was themled hiss stead with the for was intole whither tat all to he'. ol theor.. west you. He then, whine it of was rinched the crosl -

He natter and gat and the Dudllo Horforss ploosed ther, shight, Harry.  He wat Marny, Peate would to a deiting to speag, and themase been, and sich was as a floeed wist
ton got mack all boly, wingring his felt eaging of the bow lat-- stoina he was firling a difn," said Lupped, haans wrusned inch alm.

"No the nisting tist a, the seafud I well am in olthans, was nate to deand stoprels and had was neame to tail the sportand that at the fror his face eviling the mo to tile and stoal, Hirsher arraged.

"Moven, anm dere to the ripenco sailith to the leelly, foring to batt, it've said hes had bage to tanuid his tawed this was oo couldn't in he who leeven on.

"Desting up exast," snack fremed theor and has
windos of courd are hearl uf und as whind the rase tire --

"Ot hes stunred onfite all were in the a premeting windrily a wat the Slytherad and blead 
