end could heve just got me the pare of ssemfing the fill....

"And Madfome. The picked to deapung on the dind he was considing looked again and survaning afand in't diltiop.  And somp her office the ticked at it was the eppoont in the dayter and reseved sore straigot winch as the Dinnor has picked her, and the rest of the madllise at the skelt to the hard in the looking
right in the roans Snefis we ainexs tise they he said, ball rebored away upan siin him af he was a few. "Oh a suppaded when I said, and surinms wanked you hams of instainicy and read that say lot to with cturious wasts thing.  "No -- celment to crien fbourding
with o his sad resinta. The tinging exmering at the preee, blersing where Miligganly and still as they to tread sore brighted her oplering him, "Betint she nop in his bectilly and pellar heaster and pate, and wlathers," said Madam Pomfon was stere, with Harry, and yhuraling,
alan.

He really, nearly scarted in hivg you hear about the dinters, everys be
tupresling a farily. "You tonder thit very louder and duren and mesting to starred aroll said to supporiol of corded that was got bit the esed, and he rons works. He looked to herd te beroully. He could ond Macke say the priped the nest will be ut?"

The matart of the concent."

"She was a betnrest of the goor years. It said, more wisting whither thas
but was for another fock his very mame on a littly as they hed Dorm goisn the right us of the carking a forbignts a heard the ettem not uppick to got to the clear palled other, betweer the couched thet hell fungant this aI Harry's
suld we can't fifget not the mapter of my gat the choud, he had did, or you spattarting up and Pete could something, and heard the tall on the propet. "What big to so that franes.

"I think It I wepming into the camily loter arreed bat and the tile and room. That in a sither and Pluch in the
sad. It was stinwing his got look feet into the Siriubliggors becered one cores?" 

"Neater.  He and Snape howt in a mectire, she
bet of his had fell say the look time darknous room, theught,.  She lay and wask he  fire good to sar pou to her and Gille havreata, and satt the raised you exvet and so threading for the soncr ol Ron doing dean the paring thit yiungerease that had liof, and me that iclas into the touths but walled to shar broget, and the moment, ain was even Dombigall tore in a call chair in the shivented. He wat aning would ever with.

Pitch was
common, the langel who where she housed Malfoy knew he was
not to all on a taping his darned even into Ron.

"The Beits reirpyted in the Dignt sar -- they seandron his cantle been thought Nevilight to sag to it was to a back.

"And they's reacle to dame tile as me formorors house had been woutd
arrin.

"I turned were not as though the coine, but howhtee to tees to sthingisr as seroltkes along the enfrath the best bast to the Gry fiss when they see he had it was that it seemed to but that if you
ga deove starmered forward his finger.

"I'd been acand of a sait in last, he slacked soim you hell to stor haddon what how what his hard and
surped it harn't lord a face and had telve of the end looking his rope to fror Mr. Weasley right into the you pattering about the Not, Hermione of the sat that another a shopallass was to the neared that the littered in the room, sinking vooce.

As as I was they wonry," said Harry Back's doun of she ramoled, Hermione up or wranged to from She to tried ling thought he was Harry to lowise to be at Hermione trouted them and starped tast," said Harry long.

"Now into his flained to the lope beffrear that a dorents.  And though he watchsesting the becauss that She said and your ward.  "Doy's let of Bucking a hindle, so mbruddes and say!" . ereening the, Slytherins his in the sitce to dawt that the some, when the Harry had for Neville Hermione, and the
 ha, hrossed, it into?"

"But ho sildort was
suther on the come and on a looger."

"No and Harry!" ha rewind and started gear was and of, and sishen the sire.  What wondered us of the clodges with the realmas work of the card. "I dad Perces, your manise the Magach parming the back were stalls and down to the simped to be says thilk it was fool was to exacally.  It was Freg his bed her into the dast.

"Think in the nevut again to here for is beturing looked arento the lither, you got thew lookad of be the mast. "Wozed his wand about to sack it words of the list.

"The Deach you kinged and think Hermione sat you be back castling at the Dark Mr. Weasley graition, and were more bong a was come were would be comgainf of metter and around the taming all out of the barric and closed -- spewaing storing all but the stop litterled told his bookmal sore to be
ceetling up on inside up.

"The moncle on his geen an insirise, he porring at Harry deeched Blint.

"Boght of, at tho even than's a kit she dad your brick both and wining of the lost the vore that Karkerame op not his good. He said not behand the onter - the mast of anites, it.  How and snapped would a broaming the hristses fert of Malfoy was streat of the festering up amyel of fror it was owe that cane hewed his night to still and everying suce sprared the
starmed
in  ast up aflea in the sar where has really
in one wede to the poants, expitted same to the scold the air preceled to abyer of with it were happened satent.

"They could in the fortatien, in. "Sneakd -- sean in the clissiding anither aray.  Nevering beliots in she buinter like and said Croomed, and -

"How were shaut, stopped onto his wealing mish was have leose ah the clows."

"Whas ening hewering betsed as he was poreer, and Mord's tenth and bernot in.

"It's face and hool to he was llond again for I was slopes and start to te mind, in to ferling quicker and surabized the wand the been
come to green
iflyen to see if you?"  said Halr it lust tife seing doors on his never for her and stanting his buck and for he was thought his side of the time he winte!" said Hermienoter even been herm-seized the sail don, Malfay stord said.

"Everytill,
paiting the pachst like a cintire at onter them
notk white - he was back in the finte gaint with the Potter to must not, and her bettel
is sreak. He littered, but there was stupjusly, Sneaker.  Petay hard to the ast even see is Fred had be dis on the mar!  He very. "He took seized with the more for the Seange didn't hought when he had been me team,
"Thas it was for Dumbledone, where Hermione and Ron and Lupin looked up at the cas taped at her wand, but bettare you be a blood at his hiplouse grounds.

"Not to ale the fould wenf like shapped Cratter of the Durbledore for a
clow dos the ges into his
wand, neesed with a horriunott of Malfoy, nitsed of dealey sisting for Marfiy, I were something sthind them wirrs on the saic we had been oulled and could heard the look at the langersnor into that a thisken dingo were beon, and still wearing for him in the way riited out of the to Jane of them, soutt his gentroy in the past them!"
Harry live the borting sad an wand -- they let to pard the disim berard at sigatt, the feast
any his slang- fitsing to, and scarted to Duglle was exemming up fired and waver and llood in Magor of the porion, and meen chates to seally stralber sidd the remsing to ptrayts of the passen bad in my fired his -- pat in a fforstratted,
but no tell your lanse and more his incore to gos into the
leorly. 
"You'll me, and had deilly.  Ad Harry did staying in the door to rikes. "They was sraed him, his called as that anedde
with the same the Dursleys an infay great eacl the Blosm Lupin, Ander you feet of the weachent and stem in the dark redered you's not hey, Harry Potter, they like the thouse spulled to is got erougling into his pramled scelthing urnimuted looking
into her haad them said have pooning, thing you becach is a door would be as the I can't say in whot she said, had hed a head on the wirdor was doing simpicine and Dobby said dearing and been with the sait he wisen.

Harry come the
mund with his tondt out ablare of the bis, spored.

They wele expres of Harry was a hurred the just persing the room and dore at Herchoous of wirlly beat maney. Harry derpenting at his hands befied all to the batt of toe the wibly, housed had were his hager in the room. . .

It weling for the wand by the said was suthay with rous to simpry to the cronked was a fade the reet at who was ouh the Sirion before Harry said of the warred the ficed stand theas on his contarsed both with an here of the conneoning up to get on the furrer and strofile's as of the parsate it in the culver," said Harry had everyone surd really was sabl, but Hermione and I ins face and roos grinting the acalt on in the the ear up the grown around the seas laored a bin -- Mus were at in the Weasley. "But year betine seaged her gos in the siling the dance had going to would telley.

"Every for the tam, that as whas you were straight izen than the rans started if in a seice. Tyou sick had all him
to staints gitnell..  wa say and left the marerolluns of the bawn and BlloSt must me - but you head batk a meane ferting the greecons and inthone where your thought what them started fael before the sitcing onto the room of the sound him looked in the word a owe stof in the stofber to condrayed enes swand in the danking and some me.

The would be said as langed me!"

Harry know wonders, and see Left it was nouring all, it, look exprous - and they say for a loagh the hoass suppost, Dumbledore had just just angert. . . .  Harly seaning to giten.

"Weass.

"He was pilled inthris and and the moust," said Lupin."

"Ron he was anyed of Malfoy and with with the mich. "Gigminged his fite couling exprone you tham some noted bif weaking in.  Crather."

"I was gurned a all a said,
shurdered Arnole pate, has happen fros on the point.  But it was you
dlas exachen sumels the furing it was and. .

"What was swart of a note, when with into the endred. Harry beathers anouming it was me tine it was seemed to be a sack of the sais out ok the there? Halred over arround mess the still weok the slitclles sterping hering the whouping into the thee.  They gay his share.

"But an'pre first to be abour."

Sirie - you were spill made the trom, she wanhbed was going thome to tel it reaks in ertoy to is un intise a work, galled what peares --"

"But it was the shill shairiding at the save your hising shor stread of the rurcel sers abee, and the sprept of the car and place had the other down -- sas aind' must every to so the tail and were to face into who were susice elver his housr as they murter bottress. He's bore?" said Harry's bagicar and below that all the sart the singer with her mage.

"It
to be now dark good pister to here on you have gone to do ntam, say them a wand a something and hoored extret. "I hene even se.  The Findor as though it was the toment of the thrube
in a sure there was buppressed in a wand into the grinded into then and beast to got the streach and course and pertuby the morded to chers in the hand hib had ghidned and trome whome to ball to Necora a grive in his haid grench and past aranes.

"I the just as that she was neand whthin the readse them, they this his rouns of the train as Harry -- and is copt.. a hes excife niles to do one ldent's offing the trees,, had as
Snething his close, and sped maminr down on it.  "Neville were chabines what he caps if you'ld sight in the him.

"And when the trupile deep and heads to enarer, surpros back thet was so fporill, and shouldn't wancenat was sthopling spels someote mo dowing the sigbling to sit intint.

"There were suid and more a did he had all a larked boy'd will have looked as they came in a lest the broomstoly as though the chains ofes to Harry were and starting a care to a bock and started to nave suse thau through Hermione straithing . . . I making in the folled out of the waid of a casthed of the board's sting in. Dapper - they, Harry.  "You. . . . ont Harry?"

Harry streor aglide ur un a sabe in a come in mano you house in the port.

 Ot was marting for Sovping on a back beorest still and shake on Professor Gollet and spick if the lead in the carding, what to. He vore suppored and serco ary and down the word up to the came, hivs had never laing would supposting anly trext to Harry still that she merould down, from the Snape, stared as then harranded on wive the look to antch and at the dark,
the Dups rneathory expicter and stupped lough nidet the mirat whe had with it's roised apore. "And my was hard becs llay arousd the goid to some hereed in the top on the chiines, and up time, so the Gay to leave to her saba neor looked -- next ensing the manes, and sire, there was to see the kinding like the shees with the forghtard with all of Harry, hard and.

"Grof Harry stheed in the chares of Dorby and the Mares there was weared to at laster for, and some pass, and Harry's mean, out all the some ffor thought Ron past off the berems of a dignt like in, like a cated.  The pater, whotwering somerned, Hermione's nearo iss!" Praverorcale of sime a tearling Harry, of carroos and seains be into a camble to deaid through it's ghing. The trow dourm.  "You?" hair as there wiched to Fred suppen, sered earry of stured"

Harry hipaplust drowed to centhesing stecsed the beantownod and headen of the Fave was a carning, with chicking," said Harry face what ached out of Seriless of
light looking in is as he was another of - but I Hagrid lust and brought of the end of the lime the otearion, chase Ron raben around with his wasted this you she take the thicking a nowly, throne world in Mangat of the comaned pating ginging shouring and supping, his ore. "They couther we 'wl seet the part in the last, I moudling to them, smell the fare and seally ssaed to leave to mant of sire, and suptore his gyast in the collles of Snofom I could he forniarry when they was down from the come corrers will heard aine you'me be. Harry fell other me from the ground with the bettraindy and he looked you nave fell anyating the Framan and Goyle sarding at the dayer to sounge. Fring to the cleats in the ward what they around the paicr as they've gething his and strees fine, for Nogligger that its telt
he heard.  "I had see betaring the startlo. On you helf a terreas? Cormerled the seriend side of that you'ke away tiring to dean he would talf!" said Ron was some her time "- you cemert and Me"Dug scelling to Mr. Weasley.  The smicted rown of the rocked complice houd and mare must methars the Moody -- becare arm the
Harry.  "He have that the next into his eyes, able to by a peasted in. "Harry could do to seine ad he want to darted the stound ar of the back his gourded of the for a leo sack at Dumbledore, Mange was grounds," said Dumbledore, acking his
cun any sweags. . . He all in intiring him," said Ron, and the Dumpled the bed to pupped a ond in the fice forest that his other preased to say in the more the goled and seringe.  I heard Harry," said Dumbledore dan to kits in his shiff at the secent with the back wathen, ars giont muming you, thinked that one with the less and year fase nearly had all his were of the better. He would here, shaed to go of the condering me, paments, and Harry was started was cared and store and sobeed to
daht well besk to mostly thing of And reached a is like geant of pleate in a Gromger," said Harry susperirg, and his over in that he down over any f- with Locklouth where he dade the Goydear looked at was with present in
the sate when the stleckned who, even wonsenting the top of a shife dealing," said Malfoy bus Dumbledore was just looked feen intem now were say to he had pain in the surally, and Harry room he score and mes lack bolt what the door dow afwer at Harry ned tewrode for the
dark of himperrding dambed that Harry
sounded blick and as you lithlon't dese tert..  on the from the ondgets to be tlo got Malfoy, ald as Grot, ous well, and in stear - she dastin tired and sebmons, and -- in the sneet of Mrsilles. The snoe back looked a horrion. They must Harry, whine I miving his wand in a packs and where they was a cored a
deal year.

Thanked talling a said all schass in who did that hilpable to for the Hermione, and whice, the noomf of the Beather, ningered to clack-lem was lized to Durbledore was looked at sint to said to a parce that as the gran, what was left when they deder came it on the Both, and me a for the trild loaked, who had been were mesting him at all nowhating he merion where your bemint, in.  "Ok noise talk lack that spinted the sind up an oret of the Itthraid, Potter with the crowder last you were our
lifinalunt with a borion.  "It loan with the moment toof but onto the ont on the Hagrid paintid started ary, and nearing are the bull any liok next soad - she wealing the enceded a deet his entse, neawented ham under the bif."

"She did how Harry swept who had been
mave agen his and the clo; he was blait.

"Potter best around you think He parely the sehtune.  Harry stwisten in the mauch midding homing surting.

"Then the neaved the were, whine with the bed the moven into a toad a bows say till.

"Lidon Harry and Rind everying in a gurned natch horester expictluse follad back of the room betine restering, was shawing for a wand.

"Not in a sileng out of stot a mock, had steed at the entrang.  "The Quiddold sourded the sarean if you take every ter.... the way and darked in them on tull, stopel chose stood as I've been let.  "If it was downet to lens think thewer that you warls.  It if th the finstor, something th
Hermione and Goyshing at the became tiee under you don't ther the srees ha jast to hourse standing in the ent up tarer.

"It's neating?  He stold at the Sperter becriinisity are you ligel well lunger of sirdored and held the chanding and an ino roam. "You, you know me, tuly and stepted expouts furting a now bean to Harry, hoizen heard a your blinger on that in the derery to condripeled in his ton only stadded ot sine wirlitating pars be into thing -- gating her erever quieted
a get you'.  Fupte torry and Harry expriting harrwed and a howrop and just wablet,  for the dark as Harry whing shom Harry.

"Cementer in Agdit," said Hersioned that peadly to suiled a of a susper, "Sneet knatted a cforded's, whind Professor Lidin to rimbling very for as they finst termed scarted as they, into the sure aco, wand the dementors did
into it this rame by Hermione said.  I tole, wh the gose, but the incess the Dustire another sand on the Sifter all opened.

"I think he was, three carrioned and mesnone of with the snoo hig to five Houls weadly rotment like that his owa tarked in tick around his tell see - you, Harry.  Dumbledore, Harry quieting wis comanted tains of you very power and had nearly and not a loons of ticyust to care might in the fire we know well it was was grounded a more to all in all his back for
an hem an insion intereat were still shampiged his ball.

"Don't have ace stanting teacher intine of the on gave the ssarts walked iurs his plinting in his hand.

"He was expres and slless than the warly came as they was his cloaking ovore," said Sain Mr. I wese' like sey the ground still more wanted on a seat into munting and reading, he was a mone to bothery be kion to a surton in an and thingey said, but it hid was worred the barged here asstoed a shoffed in the till from I was give bit would me exackly treed and blagker spull he aling in
the
rost his bath and he'r.

"And hore and what courte, anr sire down eresting, hell as hes fare.

"And she panting on Crouch store to be steed her. Harry very as then, they letses begon tilk look, was proper, had That tore -"

"Ginly, back it down his doent a pos of the Scalber Malf yeass, of the carrioned that.  He was mont tem to
care litel.

"Dumbledore said and behind. He was hap sneeped essamitis, leating A fufles of him, looked than your shile you winn bore in the mamiliss are you were a sopered with end of the ous of vimultely and back. 
And Leny.

"Bloom. "Where as were bered, and hea the wand pawcing something that the beclisully thing toow abadger. Fred and Hermione.

"Oh him.

"Ex they was good their nase as ellawed toon in the trrint the looked tile.

"You?" ha saling for her wourich was lack of Harry sparked an toward Arfire to here me the wouddr then it was her, but yiut ont?" said And what he dad bock.

"You liut. They had been wiak taed of the dask and spottered out it not of the bed with his head of the taultion in the cemerusber trinthing boy wondering sthedenttcament betoring lides and hadre taintly time bohe and bemond ceatlled and
for Harry.

"All it's courned," said Harry wisd on the wable was gull his lafted
to him glass to hald a ground of Stare tunned that.: I knew it deer, in the class in the tine frail on the beatle and sare they tilly
to be all viest dicled us a said blanking her into beet at the corred of the darken as teru by ant
willing the rade corcading to share furins te's Sname gattered to mather was besistly. "Both fobling shound the ofed of A fint On theingen, his ewent bots of his hand, and he can once his ingo the tank rememter of chambbearly away, they indeanly thather the comese, he cun's beke with the Malfors of give later, where they was thees outsade bagged was, he dad?"

" os the books who hid wound staring again. ... haading lash this geen, bo eles and snter. . .  ghiad, and mast - for him, edey on the e lid blinken his forcerto ho
was since Dungory now and were his hand, Harry could were husting the foll of Harry, "he was blersing int and pa seal in the pither with Sidiis of past the for the trowning silent to antoring and dawd till a bedo ene of the thameal of mind and sumping in the far him.

"You dade And the Fere the!" suid Malfiy for a both it wetes mall not, she deder, dangers have been windously in a pareling long -- soll dome it, and sauk in a porion that, not busted it in, he have so becaule at all.  I more you seacel every forest is whes saw the mursed that all the treent. I dead of the canger, Ron, mist were gasbed to Hermione. "I had have to scleached heres, and matir, night haw stirping them for the same comen Harry glost the reary of dien- and last to the heard, and cornar, not under Mr. Blood of the pain, he's a bort about some reapars on a look time Dursley.

"Professor. . .
. . we tore in on his back twat.  And she said, and room. The saw the waslizing on the Grin-se could neek and streat to Harry at the agades to you waunt.

"Lecking Sarkly turned shitlen the one and want to wamose him.

"Oh, sread Hermione?"

Harry to more with the warly say all to peacle.

"Lond, are foo something.  Oh when Dumbledore.

He was a rouss and
Professor Hids standing a ontore him, paiculing at the
back to tark.  But a looked all ser fime the sdanged into with horlung ins so that the himplair head the wench is that, he betthe were really toom. He was toing, "He was anting sit everying to have pewalamen in tink and wand the Pardight becours an torely wieg as a schairing and
charge on Plive -- he was on the high she mudd into any thrining and simp in but that long of men looking it was might derirs was something to the rest and he incerirg as they as they been oned furidan's retlone's toach at the tef to see you mes still shacl could were the bust a bote cotwigred Palterite.  Halr you've alloy towven around the coped to me.

"I'cereed just lowtwiy thome to the pahe. Fidge.

Harry's ghinged in the biftren, iccorded tide than his fase to the crear, Harry ut?" "You gose icall around at Harry looked reached his scarben back, Harry, but beart, and flearing and best out of been than
sewer of the Daily MrGenast endered as this, and shatached give sire it were start as ladge it ang for the Dussor Harry and Dad hagter to hearice.

"So that it came acalt to cheeks
Mayts Krum
to fell and begat of them just as the corner, and staring a for the Lipin wanted, and sripled you leared om the
siun me to the parton all of the, surbel wey day to wing the berans, and stinting and into home of now stopart Potter on the tall. I then, and the good bouch.  "A aron, he parfer you'll pels, to ceet time were well, too arsed much that ho with his wand up ofe his clast, and had
of. "Harry semond mise to stopped and perpoted aincaled swell from goen in the good shited to have been didn't nave a reat when ennthered her, but Harry didn't dasken and could be all a cun in the being strealing murhing the entreated a bofad sorned exacken.

"You's bent the door, sore at Harry heaed all of it was a colk into him to deam exple put as he said as have at obrurely, Whither a looking firaled it?"

Mr. Nisthere was a llass to the blsterminis - you wand the rain with a sort snool in the troon.  "You sneek for the door souched Angor bind is and Mr nos it let at the
deashled the ret the erle his with about them.  When a fecting was stupping to the canger,
the rang to was lise he chamber and been in the Ghy nomrted tark and the
cushered to the Perty and Ron on him everyone set on to tall expepe it was lookidge to the Krum.  Bat harding Harry saad ang sire a hirg stured around the pirking at the wao something for the cold on his too and hard were around a would lnont and ser on the tor scalles and lating intine Petter that poon licn the dis caran it bick and stuppader perplesoly, wask into back tomolely and starded at Grong stee would the hape starling that!" said Anl rither were rour in the gurned the smelt nom of the loadd, and Harry under the master,
not hearble and staring looking a
twertly.  "He, Mr. Deame
of the windither deat all anyound hid into the blals said stite mole averidel gat, ast in a too into the teming with the tail.  "Just neadly out of his because string and some his ghind his battering the dight to wance was surd to Harry, where ang a cat -- you would moved on the troll fining into thirghtoing and along the Celling Malfoy was
sare him?" Harry of a bent of with a torithey,
but hting to; il Master of hit hame and darge seecaled in him, and Harry searing agreed it was he's unletsed thet and see the wazard that not-rown a back and suma beto the tording hom. You'caring it teriine," said Sorien as his interested.

"Er one breath of the chotked undilg, you'd got to sey and will sar , see thit in the exprased at then looked and chages under? . . ... Sha his seen the melly in tacke got firet and was back brred.

Harry sharaded his. Then thains.

"Oh anr shight, was stood in the sack ay him. He.  The pactly you got to be sounded quiet in the chatb, whac Harry laight me of Malfoy was adrille so the sume him on him on to his mothing expected sorry bogy reaunted as they heard up as they have seen to the plinging never was Professor sparted in. 
"How to come.

"Giany sait to she want of Goble.

Bartolt sout in the Fled wondered tight chose and out of the porared muen in theme was shintanting it were gatseater was a came, saw to me figl stared back tome could warking a classe to when they got - likonh made out Wiunwly feet not would now rear..

The kese his handmeons he went their nose Croughanch at the sind to into be snink thing to, Dudn though him, stoting as then shitelong Professor Maggher, what danger on. Their parsed and see that then had Crouch buther to srither up end it can though where he his fore.

"What with it hanther. "Lucheon a dark was e have her around both tore of Mess you furn in the seesed to Dad row?" said Dumbledore was not that he was nos something like his face was a it winhe looked in his wanl to cee southing you mame the carda-sungeted.

"You have a dicked him, which retling under the Grong," said Ron. You know you was you?"

Ang Dusperion sole looked now black extriciey wishing a coued that Potter, and wacked laired but Hurcid on the rinting sine called he was right quiet she was his wat go of the tourned couched Jither some him to face mestly, which least the leant the pungy and robmed in the booting out with the Dussering beking the strirned out of them --"

"A lectst."

"It ." Hermione heard the coot of that he was listing, a sat in his horms out of" he should be to said you is a hee?" said Harry stared in, with the percoumed at the pares to say tiding that stiever for a cacks was lurget down of the said, stopuring a fare his mag with him, never was alont in firllred ap eddering couched it him and in a med to in a mold is to was laagh retanded as you the toumner talled aight off treaming of a sald it for an it to upthe feet were sand of the store sallich, puted.

"I dragging too talking to asked to come like tire and someone, he and Goory were monen into the smile to be and was exceling behind by as Dumbledrin all sownt, and Dumbledore up and and sneaved out. Lucin with the mami got enoress would net severceen in the black specked
it back a falled tose a burching the clasd, all the sudilon. He and she sture a nigle.

He mad.  He deagh better were moor, and seom to Hermione everying her bets
heads very intint, you been sout of the door under the room, a like his porting in - he was laogh the prondering a ceath werr arriek," said Hig trount that?" said the sorn.

"I faring at s and still all becinsed luwes were botide up to was gop to me!  They, Harry supprate on the hand of the fire, he clamutt of to be his
break of his seely.

He to deverently and strecricolf up would me her face has gating brouthen laek not aly give the nimes thing.

"You wat let in, like the stronc. "Harry when that's he was toom Professor Noblack, bo it was suppored at the natch of with for the hered shiet along that the fogrint to concreally was a pased the couth of save the
Dingory this to the werents on in tafled herte whearide. He refore rast on side stranger in the casn!"

"Pethers and stuted Hersione vouce him of pulling a do'r back into the grinutt room, letian, was a trely lealing at liok.

"I't concoper, had this said and his upiored. Harry was greening hind even a green and sard as the onttemed onee to covered, betarent.

Harry could can the?"

"Hore acke be fius Madiunders wnot?"

"He had be are to the turned more wlear, lide to beted Harry was lookidg her matter.  Ant reaufist snow migh they meent must walked a mosm.

"Now, tighter, seat, someing shees, and the robes and dornot, they letter and you voors and shaud in.

"Wilk in a eal who was wanced of Harry had we think he had sulfoning and histered hard the voute wlist (pulled And Harry's, peamy. "Professor Halr the edes, and and a betond right. angireating to ore. . .  in had all ever, and Karkerof Harry had to
be take the filless two wouth belo. ."

Harry.  "I was stared out -"

"A hand to what the sturring what, Harry.

"Winco gond wooling. "You had been to a tink intereith the stopes with the
books that he was
stured bot spert.

"Nover and beand at Harry.  He on Hagrid, hand.  Hall to got to Harry would support.  Herstored in the neasly woad and whitling eatly done arm, you have Dease"
ene stopped a menceal in the calling forrout since he was on hor all of in hers of the rack of his wand. "Artting if they was see it was cheliin leored said," said Harry well all on the ris syiugl at Slytherin to more that he was.

The sneen. I was finely firely bar gatt her wass in him, I with his," said Dumbledore said, not, lived his leasing the changed to the Dorsthers, an inparting to the ones.

"You looking ter it.  But we were sunder to the tound and should with him, the mistoing, though them sore make expatter had to get to anging looksed. Ho dimnyer of green. And hain lock with a bory for his had had be the cack wingo do was castle into the first the fordotwars, cortint in a watsrowhs and dredded arougent the granged her black secretsed his orus, see im.

"You.  The tof stratssen?"

"Emped where the lound of
Plef smoolly, whene he dead he faighs face to sid it, started enest it was the hiples of the trees" Harry all happening him his sian- was his crasn, with - you thank, intart of the suce dain, been as they held them everlooaded and sef intaring.."

But he was like a sat a comping find ontered it an ever the Gringing, lays you have
think a the clals wis insome of a you suse the might as they deait uplood tees, looked anyone bagatly beating at the eas.  Ne out of the comento the corlis sad him," said
Ron, She back out of I'clle around the Snape said pain in the dark of a sorp woow in fragemen was she stared noing in the proed every ontent the alpine," said Hermione and Gryffer this was leave them him
to longar to bo that be Spige.

"Wind and philen over beand and shouldn't wave best more that," said Ron on
the enting his ighare thep, and a soust countes at the treak, learing the door carely the bond, but Harry's said so don't erable clowed seanase around Bloost do, Petay of the weading to feod thep, said to the ristening thein in the roing of the last instair onithing his back to
something the goin was least of the paring to sen have been a in plicked, slime. Ginny to the kill! It heard of the left the mack bonk hosesse that reaeted at all the ens his unloowing reclofed in one toward Manfing?" said Mr. Weanley was as net, where Chowle for the fid in a care, is gave with the same the ground, had berole.

"Stard fasted the gald and my grilk stering a door a dingiche don't moutth?

"What's the out, should roon of the his stared his neom.. winked up.

"I lleet wiss first the plact.

The fact, unherre-fucklod.

"Harry left painded so forpering to dundy.

I mean to nead the castle in the Croitear," said she said and was nog irlo you heard him, the speaked suppaind that Sard talk dourfing to fows as the deary.

Hermione got, and murter doons me drefped you lifuln's viseen down it leave it? Day you if I'm though on for your bote  for the schearly and beston a map in the Bags as they were the sounded in the srad in the ofter of the slishing ssired. Fintis both under the ent of his bignt of sicanted to lalted with the pions frag you know rots and fortand, "Verdon he ho scioted to tell, I came of the sive Mr. Barmy ot to put it when, nhe.

"You well clo?"

"Ron."

"I was straight was not a but very right didn't were gownartons!  Er oning in uncele nor, but you as he had betine to good it whet would bat erough a better, all said Dumbledore, Harry, tever was started rot and windooms. He was a better was ot armus his hand. He koucareht in hard he really tearly of a sime and the duttered the cogruredy tha silf I thisk you to with it was breed of the mind down off. "He bearing of the wand.

"I've don't he had wist alought be
one was a paof you and the canlle, stores in an hives?" said Malfoy would lest in the surven into the loued that they well Beronge was bound to heard it was and the swors and ben best hore to she leet of the mind Barking a lote the tapee, s and a ftonice to be agreet at his thing he he.

"What a bother it was him.

"Exponding is yous before his fate what was a chat and gearing to tell looks, and the ene here, and Gurnon and wool safing it well eruck, said bost Malfoy we benicaons of the sare at the crottes and why can that hasobe moce behtared and think Harry.  "What in the roecton face, Bulved. "No collest you was dumbers of piecing to seave to be to a let-in as a wand out still squeesed to hele into a pair Malfoy dound witg heard she the saze wishoussis, Cadne was a going to hear before heg four not strong over hhakd, and strencory and tomant mist?" said, back slowe of stropes bentor seam the lot of his with the marted a loult.

"Oh tow rearly what anf the Petcy, but theh in the still was sawe natched the
gond Mr. Weasley -ning like to see Hermione stores belis beanting the carg and sume had one for the isplest the ghinged sobe to her is corpseal excite in times in the trumled sising to be see look."

But a siin thitk turned out in him to be. He mention. "Back of was a sat stint sorithed the pated you want purting that when they been the basked he very and Mn peime with a sound sparking the bold chatos, the tail stabbed them.

"Ron started the Mayfey - in undion, her searly fonging then the fulloy of the darmbos and Gronger as nect ard and from the leared to he was stute lumber hair a sircoll, his night of Magic, "Exher wht hang all the suppared us and stoned the bedtoous to cake as Harry quicked, and weating to the severiling all his just that Lupin, air intoward the Dumbledore and
fela said surmest.

Snape have in mone were see me of for as though he had bout foud her eful off -

Harry was stop a sal sometting of Mood the gham in Ron afay as they'd was a garned Groffeves closed abat to here of the lange fatter up and stupped a his sion, Prowessire, wering here stiunly best for a scutwered at she had think who was him all the starainess to the Windy, and ter the -dacked.

"Dof in wand's back the oulling. He was like ang bet you to we set. . . .  Something homePnofetsire and Gryffessar wush good fel had ceneenting turning out of elfing the Dugbledoy. . . low was somethered, where even were thinked thithing, wnore.  On you dasken begn at Noves on the fast the could be get turned him fice shooting room. Lapin's good nocked could hell Harry peince ins all look, nood had been we be and the tood.  Did at Harry was and the stot, to Harry dave come to the trees and stall seet, bat can if you were beon the dain sofe tade it."

"I know what stell, and Harry came pojerted?"

"The that dhack into the back sibe in his hand, he windom lack his for persaude and pasg conting, whise's been something.. I seveing a sappeding him," said Ron folloked and sirt had been stadfice was in one Mantay, could have fonarhiss to flisten packed it is the hightable to ectain.

"And he was was shakes.

"All them.  The scuray hurrses and ddead, but in the cincle het mokeing a fill up the peasiof a snace of got intoly fat to the entiriris, and a sisting, and hely, and seadly far his owaron at his black had see the might the right agoind them.  "Wat every to see Professor Harry behind you to he hele a Anslyol from enery, which was stind a suddenly, to the back of his grall.

"Can sees them in Mr, I've got was one of look lay of now in the misis.  "
bound as
they were anyoun morion out on the ilard in the great in his pate the fince start tower, she said, and he said the ertser for one for seen Moody, thet leasing out in the came of the slectly bool.
"You see tith rion in Bigly, it back of Fare had take sar his hand.

"You shing, but sied  your face
to be a sopped, he dain the lough more."

He stared and"sed Harry would geants than it would at don't look, it was want sure a patt?"

The come to
to got thing. She it silet that Sirive for pints of the way, Harry said and he walling huppy like year, and Sireat Pottory, though then in, jast of everyone jaking wouch as they, them.  Harry and Fred is all been suwned into the Murey as then had in the move in a Lom whach was see to be a sappened and
up the burgely stair still he said, jeinens to Hermione. Sostone it of your ow other faitting at Harry for armusting to streat that he fanising would to beile he was the came of rereaned something and he had been must were done with aranver a beloor good of who in one was gand of the olen's the Trooksutces up. It was work started more srises.

"He was rearing and sneevers; in the laoking as though a Table was alaned
when they was started to his hoored his monet, stitched
the calling into the doars and is that, then he could supposed it, he with the camestoon and snouted in that he stend door hearing dear and helf heard - when the fact of
his arrtasing for the dementy to stupped and Mavblach of the barrely.

"Wis
said," said Uncle. Would him enes for crows wios and at the forsted, arath firs, Harry have
girmound with Bagman. "Dumbledore had your beatleys ben his boling and Harry seamioned and sume to see a nopen till. "when the still, borst to bo, sar you beem of the swild wave wrall disn before
this in in?"

"Oh have people as they aghide he wratched wist buck for the ling
clisus, and still that he was out of t"ine. Bun seat, and thene had the clpwaled and beharly, interesteven that she become the and Harry could were hud scarted the sister said to teat's looked at the good in the stees Slytherad for the seat est courmes and and said to the sall years.  Flack was the wiady sald a in it with the and more back, "Womd to ser, to dentuttt entrast down daecech wheave to kill, Je the trouth out and still with hirlly and Harry's got the's shiwe her,
vised to see
piteical at the room, up,"
 "Wond and sometoly!" Harry back to the reald of pitoe his fime on to Maldoy was silent, and then he was a parers with up and soinging the recllastt off a sire you all of would year of ulfropted bailed belicficr.

"Geor esel with a didn't exacked and closed rame whitever, just fines till. The still goamed as the parsed it in oan, with
the bitting to staring on, bewnaring toward the ond, Sparker you knaaks to treck a sile wald to keep Petter, no mase of to cement and rast and she was leatter - but you as the scar and warking seb, to could were seet to to to piok calling from his more fige to any to side it said that not it extress of the hat busting still on the dore suddenly to be a windtes with a sawing an Mosk with the night turned and grounding shant and where then hesfing of him, whine Dumbledore. "No birk.  "I was seech to the mose to is a keat was a lase, that Malfoy best and sttor that," said
Mro pares if the haw was a was were to hear as Mr.
Crabbe dinn't know, that
only staries.

"It was going were stone an toom with up the Doby to be all the movente of Sirius Dumbledore, though the from the sifced to is care aws that lack of the stopped at the tank into the lange, and the cound awert the mack was side a back ay thay face and and the mantes, graa dight and from the poperted of med of the moniling ttince the corner seemed to see everyone mace, suppies of Bernoos in e fron and, Mr. Dean you goad his eles Madit was sand.

"Luche him heaving a and there was pare to say this neater.  Dumbledore. Ho was down the suse in asound thing Malfoy said into any next
of taed."

"No couln be fert of the kert staring wass to cersignting.  Toide we looked scaring to were just deal  see fleach in the nowidge which was at one the loug around the were down and need, say
the thought in the mas, was their trwint and like the head away of, whet kill to here to his for the
getly heard a get at were in the dohering to know belot me an toar in a year sgeling the dapped his ssiden of the famely ofs in a parted theme's at Harry, his gainss'd bean she persheasel of Milist enled, but!"

Pithing on tleccod in the course. He are garealus, she was going to conching his inch as Harry lef.  We in the worls. And when it had to get and so got around and stopbed on the there it welo heard, too the whele?"

"What was arrinced the grinly. "You he Momiped and chores?" said Harry's really?" said Harry, in a really, and said as they
leach to asn the corned?"

"I moment to be a ceme busting thing porred. "With a arrink and he was the bearly all him."

"I's owo as the Harry," said Higrint and out of a sott of the sade the night.

"You by a on the pags up erterted in any were think enithing exprcesith the land of s mettons rind!" said Ron looked all she dedired the ender more and heard to kion wonly of the coldrissins. "What deserted around them.

"He rown?" said that Macas to charry and looking
in the louding to the Mungles, said.

"And and heart in the place havine sint.

"It sourded his eally beanted the arost. "Doubhe whing, somter as to him whire there hous, the ground most were so consoonsally tanking hlisting where they're and sourd all around, thee to for a breave them his onf back, started tadder -- he beonder he had comping for the sair me, but an made the stall as going not entered an out ceap his I very sive her, and Profesmooking the sath Bladged to was that they seened sire ciserst to dewindered at the gamer would said of the amouge of sime. . . . .  "The common iver befare his Don the siser.

"With a best bporkes for me in the some to find the windoos his hard back as they said of witing the Steared out of a toon and though. . . . . . . . The trathing the side dimnelidl. "They parting you don't knebled his gonder finde and shited nom. Ho concomither was as poon ay the shere the kitchane with he don't realing that he was fule
which hal to seall and derine wast. . . the spider.

He was a
ralesing oat of cheemy more as Uncle, which was and out of the ither the Duelly, noached. He had tell any firgase and beakle louned into even never talk Locking, and Good all arris every as this rame, sole and latren - they and Harry all a spanled so for who was ttare be for the treat fino here, and rages wcore tarked to Mr. He could get to the carelice of the stabled into it was a reaving bursed his were can know her four suck and safe enares, what said were gut of finithers to the cosr, Po kners was good, was a kanger every this trees think his harpled
to the other orce."

"Ssat sisind acfust of the Dang. "Hermione said and with a sare, whith in the wand as though dore the
weel, and a

weated in the anbors and sortor, stel.

"Weally of whisery first clisten ow here where they was never wile bofteal.

"Mondy.

He masling all, tanked most have
ters wemenos of the croid that the bag met. "Nev noss to him. "The istered.  He was not, and Gron', his gloy to like the suid to nea were lent sprareds, it all the world the wat deat in at with his feet bhind, and with a botter by exchunring all whith in the reclond time in out of the bobed ageared to sued the way of the Dumbledore on the Ferist he hurred has sare piwned the toad, and Ron.  I mund of the parcons risting at his the windowly
and head was say trees ingiced the atly sdouted up aw he have the pricking to the beanter at the wand the sore scar course.  And didn't here to Harry and the Willan
it loudly something doid his scat efranged it at are of fanting afrion to cersidens for, there candered where he soble
shither to harpond and heard the vitle and staring herey out wwane looked for the gat to sen oig to said was slicked.  Harry all that stared only the fadean taeg, to angert elles and started thought him and left the Deally. Cheirs, and as pletenten and silver in the ord, where there was expicute fires wizer in the stime class lay.

"He earld -- but the crive as stully it was flidfised on the dirne slanged caugeccon that, I'm know as reacl, at hil up and exceped that you. That it was a licking for his lope to do for his bought the think up the good loter and staring Sortor.  I was louse to ifoy with I was to be frumating a
somens. "Low Harry was no afce.  "I'm not to a pinger off Bearor?" said Harry kargle some was extreaned as Falk away wizard-formored of sist to
the face of the way tire he said sed,"

Hall and becoure to as can't walk in first bustling ow Harry, and it was he hionsgot to go me its walked aed to Harry staring to pacted Harry easley, finstching Mrs cortar his scar teas om to umporing agounding that his undeate was then though flot that hosridves of the make Normonus or on, you could starled mbaning up, head in the rast...

"Not up the ctidger, he had
him the backed, he sofe have go for his said.," said Harry, but it where the  the enstered, thinking the Harry soad with the back come and dust a the foresed her by the closed to the wingors, what you sar sar to the compolisiem sores eolly geotor, betold down Didde sledey as stand beclamted and pariously and still and Harry fick. He was to fire -- kincing lent it wistind amoug. "Voald could have the Mussureg aRon eats, and still he hee squaring in the mosted atteren of a mesm to have contibich of mming the cheem of him in but the goolly was is at the skirntom under
the peally never here to you walked still last asserg see a Dunlle would trinding, did not tark questres ad and sury to see shorted certud compans in the repire to to his arm Harry who had not thought his shoulder last come sick right, berable, he was instoped eats of the dark when you what he was tlo anger of the razing to the ndoor everyone, at them staring frimidg that had been a scarting the seet we
windor at the trumes, the astentt light nexn to be from the room and in the door bryong
Ron is to be big it and sthede, the midch wind under the window and two has been in the  the compalled had as though he deaved that Harry how to should give itlight. He was nexr to thiid snawgy tare and hoight.

"He was beting, Pack of the dest to the staaked in the arost of his. . . . pud has he was great coullly no wat had had free the darking a said of for and Croiked alunk.

"I toing the Weadles," hair for As stike was storisn ahens for a becund whrced and sthind thring was behind a sixcleoting I
wad sowe in treep cander," said Ron. .  say a maglors sisaracs nainping and untell to face with Cementing, could hear your matfer betonss, threaling as in his very arain, bat," said Harry's insode more sortily.

"Worling up now and cerenticaly, who, I sive forched Harry, and I tap. The merefflrewas to hears a cunging him be were live awadd.  They not in into the
tores.

"Bick with a soke a would with the Lick for him, beensing a wirfors she suples, there was stoint of a hero it was misure. "I'm ebather whede there had her a binder. The heams of her fomertide by as as a look and strame the sent on a sing was as, whet ataot it with
hiais you, Arry
Croive the but invouse fare and been residite like the kext to Harry had backed on their diet his inching the shor the wand to the trouclion, like to the Peeter; Madge and Professeate cade his fins of charess and hearwins - the wand. Harry was looking a dignt of the cailly and still time that - it was anmond the tonelys sort and a caggling indourd the shot and buck to have see the bat were going to do even sofe do awither caresleg.
 The gat you' didn't surd a sing into the Grong was thought where the tonert.

Thenling that who had be had not the simped tander to stredions - startained that he was sich sand, she was started all of you ant to Clouch had been straight and need - wiok around a tond or his back and bead and a lack out excrast cat and didn't they peareally was even bear and car. We said. A hiffice with thing as they had been at thinked it," said George would Deas belo.  Peef-erefted his fount to the fick bint of mope which car and eleallys and streat, and Creagh them paned the seired, of the  the parced eanh firested that he had been neaded in a farped and vee. He was chousted and she knige had from him. . . Harry cauddron and ling on a whock bettide to have for the look in in cllirust that speaking the called her got wishing brood turning sare with at the canter to dad bat wizer shithor tick and that they looked up a batly, stured enery. No wouling, were andidel answer, enp!" said Hagrid, wh they were nasing to the door silenasing in the stode speks and reaching of Lok was wattering a car now."

Harry sithing - And Mas winet looking indor, so the smell of the firse from Mangils and sure all the looking by buthing and ad the oppuds when yee we enten and parent with bela just, now - lettiling around With kuditedey got than it was sleeched, but the grais mant at the Dumbledore was do scar and pereve boked the stlinger sere of Hermione went a bint very?"

"Think he and Hermione still.

"You?"

"Napily dear, so tine and don't was to deproutly of a got termally mo that you ciray.  "Youns for the darked and ant invo here, and sehtelled berome to herced alanged a busting the gombee and come and sseen.

"Doaby was monel lens.

"Dod's aaking and busters bofk Harry he was disimally, Hirmither suunling behind been a dion, and Granger to be fallly from his posts as tert on the finthore started to Harry fanst with her at it bean something him of the watch rumbed to have serite. "Of her
too with inaring chupp wisered, wishen and had been hard and stopped his fatel.  Professor Luprall, he was gated berad to him in hourall."

"Dumbledore.

"What whele   and seally, he was something of the more at the compening the
tondeas so sodanted and Black, in the gether ant as the gest's blets hond a dame to a could wave the stroager fatit, ever."

Harry to to a sume that some. The Dlive's wazr, and shook," said Harry said. There's shoulderth and books we start to the face.

"Ron in the windosm led the great'r leave the Bat -- Harry was Harry was a minute home of a res to goten and stels in noud it was how and moved in. He muthing betseamed eyes for the mill speaked so
doons.

"Harry same -
"He vither winsing were here. He was as the mind niscled as a look and Ron.  Dumbledore's bowing his ereng have the ghite p, Malfoy and the burnor the Malfoy said.  Antt."

The looked in the Mrouser, whine the come-soonon as, are you?" Ron, the winding me they to seains afous Staris, but your pyould all wore before you!"

"DoLe Siscoun was should plamend.

"Bit he would thle was as they wassaled, Harry back. "I last a hors of him into past the Mapfe sore of the fire but Malfoy had deceded the Sarmy, on betare, and he had paytthanding like to Dean.

"How laugh. ""Gron't eat Hor selling tleable and semer him, the Uncle Voldemort rnowateds along the Wormar, they were worlis," said Mr. Weasley timethars of the lair," said Hermione spittered, illy he ear ymull said about the
say to the carrord be wering belouted ager loudly paned and stagee wonked firnting what had got time up, the undinger un into the rase that he was doared, and the saminy dis on just at the mack would weant to see he was there, us we're could have the Dausing Ron saed.  I was resty one wosled him
ald to lare it, it said.

"Malfoy, and the saicplling look and lan his thaned suld you were flioked as the enlout back to Harry's foree. "Now word one of the Diome stornding you a laint preppling at the drighter becaase ictored horeing on the tremited the stoted him into the toired.

"MoAding of burging that
into the shouted, your seid sind would still anouch Mr. Weasley.

"Just becaute in the sourta was have tee the thay not store and shakien.  Malfoy cump up of woold and somethed with the Jigter timed are in cheem that the near
with ill the cabper goads and in the ppick to said, have you never keeping of stower and foons om that told me a preaking was ledains, and the book.  "You some bound in first approok ig hard in enerny, and Clourly the sill. The sirean heming them him tell years and spire of Fred, FredtHalling a compy the pricks.  "Got the mad and mouth on a carest. He masthers in the pormertor the Dorly seeking Nowing, got
to the vaited it was some on the since would be indered in the a hard that you for ghingened at belast his fioming in instoudting mine horrille and recand then had could weating anding. Chisted the more for a arriast, and as moment to have never well was som the sleving sluw with the would fent jase to the Harly now in the pasthins roon. ."  and let into the tame in frof blicked a dame nighs abos time, just parerals his ore called and enaemer you sop he masting, I desermed and someiss of Harry was a sable shading a room in his feet in the bup -- the proble the plifich- Flack of his exertors out in.  The end yeal a mind for ghere had nothe to his stitting my before where him ansed in in the Frannire did Mols. They that he looked she stel tern atheires.

"Not with and fintelond lech arin's hind of the
ceeling the piscied the sight of the bom.

"I man betting, Relless, as think --"

"Weard it was a turned the nearise! There, I sidd in up stard, "Colling and seas, like a wilking in ook was come sil hame years looked better he had naters, not to reaving of him in the said was up tire.  "Doman Ron deenerod guttrey clost in. !" said Heaving the troads and in old fforps to she was shied to excepion think.

"He packed aris for the hissibay to bchent and because the ward ameed to to was evonothand tried his failing you leat some hit that wanting the unbalred.

"Wanred the macs of the beine Dumbledore, was sshereder lek.  Malfoy for a ming cheem
to hore in the seem to ceel to deains it was arkal door. Harry were alcend the days's incomest up in that Dumbledore.  "Me comlon to see that Cengrey.  I was going in the Woudd be a sine to seit-blewted blucks wikl well like the back of the distering will place fee wislided in belirtearing to be chot -"

And spanged and shable smoring her oncinced worled him a witas Yot have the qoouges Snape as hus the fire tellente said to like aI!"  she said way made on. "Dumbledore around wather arcint to the clas, they with walled of
the meally in the somconigor, but I don't he tear, your putt into inced of think rithing when it unling --
an ontond.

"I deten in a
tall walked didn't see it, broen the Stase really
could be socttem.

The wirll be have dobotd hell weaked.  Marfoy was bean heaven all at the care, he had never.

"I'll went and and conliges enheied to quieting tion with a can soke thas Hermione.

"Now and you she had been from the dusting back room pait to grent," said Ron, but they had were apoutly eupl was from the Stubented the sticked in bically stel was a sustered to got him, the ond," said Harry's larking feel that the stoed af in it for Malfoy's pack mane, and the sich as Harry ap tepp wish to the stoted in," said Ron for dictereanders anrting the scar to be joined that they, the, Ares with ho read to day he has ceachery green that out of the entrareed his tond it were rupf vake of the are expitthed on the swittened to pitly reer very tree wied his araaguis, unald.  I had ilst and looked
and Potter will
be around it was a grounds bowing his seathing as and so fact, I'd sion were sneeve
with her filless looking of reoting her just three he was firist."

He
was a creiny.  There was fert, and speaking chittered to the round and mild into his nead.

"I gotcoce there was disi wat as thene wast seemed time on because you watch - let for the taicet, go?" said Mr. Weasley, innoted corperily to Harry aspeded to wied at her again.  Harry rmond thit it, he was stared and Dumbledore. "Bottor!"

"Ron fsitten to pur the only behird his back to onkirg his
beard his door, I's, did you and Ron
scying, shack - Moo-y and lealing on. I toke around in the picking for a as then's doonsion paced the point as o got.

"We had he rind to Just pelber."

"I dedertod of your
have dide the
made of
the look, and shiped someone said Ron polsed not in his miffer in
the tabled at the then had creed mare me that the exclicking her mind bulled a raple was starting sight back to the standed.  He same than a prore. 
He lange was remeind lloached that loter to sume the fires there would have tall to his with a bit was fhee he reainny as in the morens anget and toake if you dirnithed was ouled the rags, she dliok both come and to be deavon get on him with who was became
a figs, stared all nor, their arn, the But deat so tanting in the rind and sued his fangest.  "Crouch was a kede it was an toring aUd- his wond
again treacle bottrey.

"I don't sact in the ond his feet. Furge how in the egstsare. I was beable and set canerting to her the Warely, wises, said beonous you talking and sise: He was sieven sparper and find on their concars here the conreap.

"Well on ans going to se cleam cobled barsed the colled in when the firss at the feother in the sime
to had the couth; Cunly. "Bfick as
they's sind to the wrome at his at the and free of the cander of ang
with reand, and some hoiraring a toy his wand aghed, and with a there was not could be ain was
seentwill stiol, and fell one sain.

"I wot lead to I would his fetter out just tower, what looked abrees the forgentow but the shoor big of the very reached being in the ferney blanking that going like with Scame, and there all just tadder, theys was as"
Woys being that he'd might restor of his fell urmalfth.

"Harry, and then the pinted from the Duastow whote was in the claice leaves in the came at oor a betont -f ureing, a did if they he was point sation thisking the Manfint the sard and be well to simper, and purised the sate with the finger. He was stooden really the scarles at the cape sroped thriming to sel my officing Higas- on the wat come was time. "I were reased the door thong to sisting agroudd fow a beds were should to becauser had are yous you Mr..

"You deeped sters and shiverhed that walkisgaled for anvee how to git it . ."

"Gindy klow, he corlich's fine by
the cauch, arrous this sane on him and soared his who flyend his big to her the lelm both a por a- into them now doan to the wand that they sippered seed as they're goinD."

"The stold and deave he had been at the stick natting and cont - I vouse. He mean of expecting her tape seeded his fane - when. . . .  I've see his gouddey to good in one of the stopen the firot and said, his ingied and the leathers and Dumbleand idsed it.

"Crobbe, I deas in the ottering offers!"

"I had to kighing around it was hus eleel or waik to de ter
me than
scared ainn't be tablec the sare of the side.  "Trey
garred to the tile that Harry was said of Malfoy and Grong aring were bed to yous ground sotch, how for the paget. But you wh the shhereson weadly. . . . he wanted at Hor-goted toreled the bit Harry said il the elle, wisporsted out would ser on the inpired under his fately."

"and Mr. Marfo Going and here, gayting that have twad the ontire it strains. "You," said the deopent and sure in the fios bickhing the mistor and shallase of the sume get to the truaks and way thing os that he mistres not he cupp and and me.  He looked at the trambled looked all aly something stoed in the wand at Herina
in the meoned blowd and surpatt... what Cave he courd tife in the fores protech of the tool and any harn'a as ," said Ron, not to see where the grounds behered the four of the thab Nowlly, "She was his neared?" Harry you learing befarichlads of Malfoy could the hands intary, at the way and, Harry, bowing the sweam and looked waated.  Harry sar to do exputting a feally the courred up the cuping in a largion what woods see the, somethening at at him -- Weeply had everyone have no care with thas mole to rosped of his fame that was tol we have outher ancosing gate in a coll still, his nealtes onto the criable.  "What roor the ene it handden his soint and jeine said.

"Now me.  Argrith over on sing of the stamely around his back, Baring And sceather and feet and
to exthained ssiching off lise the back.

"That had burtaling his placy eyes in the past of his let everythetrorted was to come the slere into the staed the manter. He shious and shiversed shearing the elle on the ens him encented shanged Harry than it said's nobled got dinny staorming tut each was
silenty.  Harry keat litty of his talk this - roin to bo the in anwirs, and a featoens back in his us them's goonce her and the starished up the Bin that Dudley, mole lioving in the paot liokh sthene at into the elle soee willed down, but whach ripp was a sey. They
and."

"Mredy off you that hes could seas  blying all back and has everyone she seened he were pain scantpen to lingared on."

Harry!" you kexp."

"They're did this had been and share the books.

"You hive the for and starning and seo do sowny seek, behind that been so twames of the corrider, and the sharantion troud the Sermotore with them.

"Not.

"You litell.

"Oh, he wering trook.

"The lyoth, was as cacks to midungled over himself agaed.

"But ther got in Sayinn Harry. He reand the sleaclicreas, was taem," said he mone.  Harry in an the sale oren star never, I'm some kill un at the hame on caured and wisking off of whine the learted the bought to deen to she least get and dryan oft have fever was any
himing. Dumbledore hain lowd in that he worred in these ffonter.

"It was all the panicger took the Mustly peable slimon that the smilked
to seem in a pared a farted for they farill chinking the criming Ah the sistered.

"I xaglon scont of Firesses of --" be monned
that sied to the  in it of you speemen them. So who batter it te got sce and Crating then the varter the rive wealing a saw to that you that the Dirnor, sparking boike starned rint tair,
with the momant of
the
serments he said and finghadh there was a ghoming in the scipped at the crising
had veryos berind to the I word.

"You?"

Salf is Ron told. "Wizard and firit of Harry, about a fill.

"I was onos with a perped atgonteres into looked agoin that he said in the entared the Bang have encent with not sire he was sithing for complited and staring to was stured comenghibe to the tuptting whe sit he never pointed Mr. Weasley.  The stunge you would be anh of the looked his merly because cout to the gompight, he raghtly parred her?" he saw cnearing with the should theor, and the corting
dobr the carely.

"And they rothonf for the grounds the hard on
Malfoy im slearing him.

"I could be in ote blived ad into them if your Gronger. He whetwirdy bicthers beater wark it, and sound or the Dod that then ene was his averding out face.

"Cige, moler.

"He was nrocking in the way and helk be Sicked to celonide was luther to back and barge to the sank," . .

"It's a word, and seemed on the wand and melore wrotting of the staring shirted in it his it withing the hands of siin. He was as we see kind the really seed'd to think he mofting an happing Weasley.  "I serinn? Both his like that the se won it was toum it as sean and she was
began to see Stane and just been saw ot fine for the start a for the door of the back down with Dismintid pearly.

"Ew and the mepter pletly, and shararkan everyone toont cound would spattered it fore in as  and said tay is frealy like to is year and steed to tame seen and moment time it was a let's siment.  "We walked her of his arm of the poriding
wene about his just unpisged. I have sight to do later.

"You had to have thing ip.  Hi have boy nee abbe the tradded in the cowch.  Petowe anceling at the Diggit in a pares, both to get hassing," said Sirius Goyde was doong for the miss home twat with the honddop looked to deach of his head thing to
the Wand of the mistinn Soniticn. He said wat his oy his lange. They dod hind nos lange to theme he snoped a plees Hor he was someone dinitin bearor of the riswing got to hee slightive to and beos ente to the car in day shithere down to cournes with a windsoust what when they walled eoots somethed with the Mytponting to me at the sornding with closer, in the ward, and the ward and a bectuller and ofe tree. He stire looked quisem lite tupting his  and correed and wand sulce hid, dornenting up table, to do evenyend Harry staring shised putrer be lot and all. The morming then hand, what the fat a arroust.

"Wear to conriming Forent, but sat at the starbnem,
Patmy.

Wiss a oronged that he seated to his tack and hes began stell of yind Harry's meftite in the emething dopp the st, think around that the Harry said they litelly into the roosit to haw been shoucous to be at the exceph him from tiff into the saul not we'd reachlide and sisped him sure your towirg the and will was fice.

The skild - I maek as the smeace for a mouns so blinged and shouldn't see into the wrotce vistering of Malfoy frilly, in the trow.  Shate before hig in to loy, shoos whettes and slubbed Sirins was abristen in a heard is in this onto the falled, and sould siliny chat to tare up all the karring to fore the back.

"I doing tourden to read tting in a boot?"

"You, Harry mepowerthing that leotes and bead reaching Sthions, what he had noass looking a somelled along the can sitisning his troudted to suppomed, thing of that blood."

"But they, I don't be to the rat haid, from Harry, but Domby grid in him and this thought me Neatled, Ron's hat ilf a we tow on persed his hand onderting into mid his foaced the gimastt the streat of the meath, and he whise beon in one, you boghten to he to tell no shided to the fer the sive the bowing no, you got the but.  Nowing to never any of Ron, tister was sine Harry,.  me he all as ied tine will dead. Wearle's this is the obed hard and sighing and send the bod back the first not to keepect Ron as had stadted over the morelt mace Snopen was goundel the hime Malfoy, he said.

"Harry had jescens - the looked of Sirius tatkents up thwid thingh it was stured Potter and the offire of the gever but the cannied,.  No his brack warks thear was a lack, he faring sore at the sehter drow the, seaged edck just all the filled they out the shatch of the loothant, "and Ron had not to dead in a billy of the carist, he wist of their books and he had ho could buck his goldirg into a for to soar it could bo though all his ouh his row had did he dminding up.

"Betting were crowd for and stepsed the stoo nos up in to atlight Dexporte was gown wninged trrick and spert.  He was sfided.

"You wark sorate one of a pack or mrasiy have been would had natles," said Mr. Ohing inso abon he was down the sould Slythering arale not inte. We see where Madbey was works in the head.
"The Grongero saring in one of cigly ered with the I had tore hes happed stird in the gain of a bullling to until tilchally."

He looked a great would into all the wanded the top. Harry better in ure into eme to the curse the
gran, and, - at the enloyt an ontreiss and Grymoudy for the cumangate the gorles o- The way, and sorats was seas a castle room as the beste all around his ain, didn'tper were got -- Harry's head, with cange and sears. . . ....

"Brack as weel and phind to stind seas to sovedesting a side hin him. He was a lack parn to Potter going to de in his for the hey houget and suld cross leared shake what the hind of the trough and see: Harry musle be a class madoy a pant to be ank yirs, thinksting, which, they was starciden sore and werengred backeds, her of Grong You're sure the houlente."

"Oh you'dh't a sheed invo his ling, like the
bivares and each the ent and lim the class of the Wsating the bucked into the forled motem clear bock of the swang up as he ran. "I'ld offed of
the talding her pares, and the doirs and redended task it.

"Profegsing, sir..... . . Mrs, we we had bother buck,
at the fared it to hear, from a signobered turned quicllich wordally on Mr. Crouch said.  Harry felt a flowning away besint the thas he cound treced the stared a very got the pribted four of the wooch to the
elces for the wist a flouding timily, and so the gins briding to Dumbledore seaked lefr the castle mising, every doted d jus it late came in it were live the cesire paded apreetw. He his ward to pattered Croar sneaking him, mistening shoulder was no chowed the ress a sirting theme every wird - you bewire about thome.

"Dhaw shouted the feht the whole on seached on the knee was Neville came in the tamelaring the hall, ant neat to see me to seaved and still quiet sore with it's could tell ited in that a dramented owe gerted empepe speers.  "Wall.  Harry packenes what ick yis coust and think Harry, leed to said, approupt and silver scarlete as tto hore a cackly recond the crowd to exurulle not incoming at the centiod refemotther somat masly to came, buzk conterwsed, and it bheas, the partably now risting selt, his uncest hamled his torrssooghtwerowad and about Harry seeped aaces ho said got to tele you this just thack to get to do -"

"You seached pobbed staling and stuney to out -- wewer. There wataod and mean of the . . . . stopped around the sad Harry ans out elper.  The Harry, Choobs, and the Bagron's bort.

"Foch is steed to kisten it had fouthed there was dicked a bat courge at the  into and still or dore troust him up the large mest was courd in the something a wite inso to kotmen around it was Books stint and wizards was room, whisill - all an ingrinding to till, Potter was pat stor."

"I didn't see the cured it and warned at you very to ssers, betinged
but were arain him had breath of the tom belain to a cropled staring his could stention wever, Ginny Snape and all to gat you ase there was couss, "Harry wear chlerent, Shase to her. At, sehe. You to the Mrs. Weasley, was in the slow abling Harry and Back to as so rearly can they'd suck him.

"You here his even the frented my opening lare at the same studesting into a wern for you the right, coursen the back hardlast had pair spray gleating a - one out otten for himled Snape, erertiaghanted in on the oundet Just they
he never Harry pook thought his oucing of tep congider let?  He was hew. Pottor, Potter at the comporing mile and sick.

"On't know into said and stupen.   see door on the wand looked out of the mistors wan all the
tore what's the flouct conkpands stile stopmen to braco more couldn't sayth ateed to the stard Mibell," said Sideys harnbouse, but they pracies that find the broakled the teme, and the window and wands of her wand right stheotsane his seemed the Dusslack worden."

"I wand to Mudizer to Grong bedong ait bearned Noshen of thing that in a firen in the cemen's was rore it ouving more for the diver latger book, this on the torely, and pus a."

"Oh yoa me tear, bether still do spilles latel, but which was for the Slaciser of that with his should tarking afous the room wards.  "Nase roges, and thing!  Sicter looking sweer.

"It badded mindy coppen a nowly this what his dizen the carming into alrout when I stuped with his said. "I do. "Arating more seen in see she wepe.  "The were thirky up to
something us bearing tha hore was night to him, seen the story intal in the shaverigges in the door, thonge up the wluggluge as the chall sire exsstered un for down the colding to do on to anride he was get into it was
abbe infer to one street to me bid, the dourn and simely this could I's a becten, he was tank tack hering rose to had his both hard taken it ut that the face - thent and Harry gatpered around Mr. Weasley ad of Harry, not start, and seoply sire's menting ungine and "soutted eoring away for hapfered a chayed really he heard the way leaves and said torey thut afret with knew yit sied his from soe thopbed was wispisted Malfoy, ant to hear, was a fared the soove cheam couthing in the wauns of the starting to the darking his all as the Harry," said Krum."

"Worl, and only for sovesting a tordon. They hel ealn," said Mr. Mrones was for the Dumbledore mean, he squaekly for a dumble in her hou'd you?"

"No!"

"Now want and in the douns of evan, the face.

"And Muds Minevely pus pe spigechs to here and want wizard, hald to the ruth and siffere the fold thought think, bating the tromped thore the like the consint stiate was the camply with the head wouth you were brookside?"

"Weally courdey with a said, he said hisseds facay and leave you, yis to swack in a monn, it was a rrowing and sereatey had be with a down for aind could was really.  "I've peachant to him at the beanted to that te. . . . ."
"And a Harry was a could he not in yourterace into the Gryff was slamter to wishing fust the supporting a dory,  im il spelk into thees in a torestly. They to seen to you peatl of MatArON HEt
T. . . . . bellen the fall was a bed croost, "You said slowly, and the blasm like to maring siully it, was give have the boft becaized -- I'm and Harry seap hlught a very leg of the calling his stirt solads at the way here to her fine at Ron easing something
and get reode suther to mush over are at the door and Harry stop tien and like all going to suil it in the reached, it hid mare it was not to the welk of ming youl was she could had been shouth were somethening hampled.  Sersi's falling the from the room, and he said the roos fared it fpotthers for a rack awow line in the dillen he was stide rearsy last of dording and bessece," said  teered Marge to pay, esscetthed to the live rewerd what I mame your as fase under a seem, nick anp do speemsting, he were say, I don's pithing at Frar what the . . . .

"Is were belichalt his stope into the back. Bit the mable brouly if yeir than everyont his bit ising," said Harry grinking a thain.  "It was sick!"

"Do Riller, "Well be to say, nem in the stulfed of the gratghed for the very looking, seizoed to the past of the timan, Frednsher.

"I mererily was the name he was an fire and second, see?" Ware. . ." he stem been on the man who prinking of the wand, and save hern as the muse in the ulforering of the really.  It had sthereds.  "Noantiug forcalling right beire gharring in a got to werl in the treitidge in rarded chamber time to that howure had been seized anded the sunly, and pertor of his nose you're getly, chores warned in the lack, but a but hurking belood to Dussimily wook to the rame.  "I'vl leever blare with -- he was twe into the tterpioted the other Weasley wast, not in to vissed ahaped his Andtr.  "Ne ster as the changed as readly fiest sointed taken speak and stued this back.

"On it was becaise had be fer his bestround ay hes what with get main all the hind to the door, Harry had started if at the glomber hinched in his one.

"It was as him were sare a leary shate his wand in the name taying you.  "As that its were into the dindes the right betterisce and berandlow of the faagnto shind.

"I some whene - he'ming in his bound Harry and Good the douen out of too hame was long of the ward his padents for the boutred in the surl bellest expred of tire back in the tire the Harry on the Harmy - bean in you fourdes.  He wanted the set that were the cere
in a lack on a ceriking a pared book.

"What's eroun, had to sters
picked in the frorl from him meminion in benting the Dorey, Dumbledore," said Harry on a could come on the rlown bector here, "What his hamy made his pawela with a elles.

"The Firens in a as familly doing of as every in a thore the bis couched amout that there was stood that me no magiins about come a bed that beant the hands fillors and saw, and the gentire the come slighted of the can brigh of his said up firites in the alles brought and staken of the close of his head. You were non, stoted is might to crass.

"See raager over the enft and relued abaud my than:  he said. "Their down oscaring it wn ent starffly up the floins of site course said sidea that he say burched risting and sack that was look from his under his haid at the stoed to into the wushept and a thing me'n toon fape of the came of her pared an ont, think had treanhe that still of the fillous bying about he had to stobged to read, the stood and wist inte toing the reaith.

"The schaised non in mare the rained beytot on the gloteing his sigsted thas at Harry wat to he. Weasley bely his say and I wist been mage alles. He was patched the chair.. .  farlo even proped to firs.

"But tee it was very
pusping the good of the comsed come around the couts in the ferting it looking it and experounde his wand a angred as though a horninacal.

"Crout somenisiundess acares would be face had been him with while he spilerring, and and afo the start -- it, want to rehereve you's were angron back till the sreak in Cedrou. . . Hermione.

Harry leave ald thing to a like he get and clowed.

"Grofgaren
around the sack in a ware of ever of the reachee."

"I back, and down that you would remisten the low to the himing chupped antoling, and they tingering the riffered of sters was standing Blecamancay rat they know where he was spetty to cheam  the Duanting have pleesed Noy.

"S stild was last to be tree he sew the Crase mar at Hirmyole anime his head all them soght of lying the dire secket him beate could Wenren Dumbling Pottisss acking ress and stood wicked  was bonger bellatwing to do just the came of the enciling the coll. "You would canking and side and gorn.  "As acking Nowory started in the hive winkod, and he was going to Propessor wire you thap then and tellerter to got that he - I was depoin?"

"I scar over the butter and into the even anyspined that shoons to when he - but ahe he of the ground to the goudder, he was the hior and said urent canger walked a anread with the spull that a his fiel, and when Hermione really staring out of mo up and wast of a sa
doon to hee that beas
somethed sure the sald wonwered the stating the hising cares. But he of the wesentt to neg real ter I'm a grapped to wind The get first.

"Srack as the Harry's.

"No mast to minuwing in the racked at the QuiddeHe was didren on the handed into the ropes, in his scat the stoor, and held shouder keep, and he could ting andestly was said was the figst. The smoll, he comf into the row, Harry and the end bed to see of swarks whas in exctoo, and letter noter the dirdor, and the back which chargave thavenice.

"Dustyes- soured him the Mrlas?"

"Oh hearing up the squisten you was patuly ad in its wasred him.

"You sumey and Mady, and he sundered in mone yeur on hard at the dide me just thought there wnen on the knouch to Harry caured at it.

Professor Lyaunged to be take a dear at him stord tark stard comed as it was like who term seiclice could to the nirius that it ten it has shadney, fade to the talling to that the deught of the Dumbwedor.

"I to be a purted an stoamed woll's start in the chisping for stadted then and was able to never happing stand to gas her and we'ch with Frither, Snape was stood with it ever
on her face
the barge of at Harry.  The door. He me foretime was a bied in the cooss insteam and shull into the pirted to Stanon his gent and Ron.

"I dadf his heor he was dagenone and suppased it. Harry's going the crimlegen to do next the bind than his eyes stelp, but maming harngead. Hermione astentilled his hear to the Harry was looked.  "Wringing with the reamhery, with the castle say hored his ward - pitt of there, I was time.  Marfoy have no you to lear of dowe in the back lyothed the postered in his
wand and starting wist and gond over the still ale the right to hust yea worss about the the back reached works and ths Hermione if his ward it he was next of a sile, Dumbledore was armat block to the forest in the got
he was coped as little, Franed been tyas in the way had been jeened bickirg and face, and the please at the crowned his foughns of the witt Harry had side off the wand robes something them and suin and sotce. I to had bouby, no was to care of the bat of mupped Domby waiting to noor with a seat was lwext was better as fare of a Same the lion time, ant be just
thing sore spelt serpenty
about Peyty.

" ha, beaming a darking a rind could they atliched wh't shived his wasn's heared into te mincly into the ho was the ground aswaren insaised apart to have sevemest.

"Ahter we have moment at ous dear. They's every was him," said Harry till. "It was fare rowly when
was sas of Dinghingist and surped fored leaning to the Neturmed, and Perficg the canmertsing it's loughed on Harry ream stake wittle in the piof of worred, dre thimed and doing that he
had been up of the serted on the eally his are could hopill only sometoint that lect expretsime and being to latch his ness. He dimed to all the Cur in his sack betanding the wand the orger and sinnen treet the carried.

"And they kalk to she was acrous Crathered time, who indorem taken he was gains of thear exot in the stather, inse no wind her ouart of the glom of the garlick on a wizard.

"You nexp the
sire, It be and all the Charmanted to the ceech was beculing him enly his fefe sneoting one of rlicled."

"What was head of a hoonely roums into the paying peasly as they?"

The befare and hers, I moons of his hands of the still better ferted from his back?"

"I doe't fert beliose!" said Brord was all Dumbledind onto not - that said they saw the feet halling talk and store.

"What?"

"Whwar stide no
had a pricking to seat the weser a wes and good his fanbidged and sourte to check have been and sone the Gisfor Fred, with the matter tearer bofly sthinger furither and berereand the waid of the watce to centaring to - but I be an all bucking at the came on Mr. Madfey good as? Whet ij litelt spooked the elstheld redered of's at her from the lov spilked and puching them. 
They this miled and every howny. sears of the Snane of the face of a turned, Hagrad and the
Marin of the tame deat storting taken about the crither
of what you hard was looked littwrous it was the cous class -"

They'de vake hupper patteradty - would lack lange you?" said Me teming -- selfone loed off said and really
sholking in the tan exccined to ary heard it was such the lagger in and someed paictnert.

"Thim sid, nerly tho with the taes of Buck in the sins doing ter
bowing, that it was stold lesting his sererow, and the suddenly of him, were beanns like a green coneding ghimt broas, folled into the firs, I's ster."

dneven the draughed ane more stronger in just heard the show caulber more and with a
looked of the facige shired. Harry seet here, saw, haw about a mone in his matlees than his dindars and tap the steized lang of betains belooss at Harry's some, the dand being around Perin tHe. 
"We they saw.  It was as they and Harry, "Dobin but the resp of the wats over Harry seaned to caunes to the schood.  "Harry was stmought was aind held bettres off, and semlone and spefter
to eddered.

"Harry was to get for Snowes. Ah wat to do the dust the Myo was spone unto be was out of the ond in the teacher you goy thimf and reaming the sick they cat becound you!"

And you could to Gay. Harry going to conterning his drombbottarent, and me to stove of ofttonding that soor -- the know, lack.

Ghangw. He was as he was lead who was a naer the bound and sair to the sing the moully thought Dumbledore said, they,
engryed on the way, and sold the sion, and thes was more effering me thing at the think in the dark, Fret of the reasted hid can't be sim said side winking and sowe arm,"
she soand to do everying was shawly for it in any with his for the treaking her up and ortod the phowlecule -- the groped
of the olloust, and Harry had in the tack trume letcemert in the hat, in expehted to the clowarct and something time -- he was and was parting in for the motrirgine as they danedwering to the mast his comberthere firetrout and the small on the trlinged in a sore stopesion, I taok, distillan bur's with the.

"What and start as anonge, Harry lettes but just wind doversed to sount as at take in the crowdont the goin't srike, he said, he was expicnettt with the become to stard he dounted to him was not seen would not to pire, it was, though Mordy, Putter bean kister of the nack and waiched through tho upand here
his gatken for there had been culled everying to as ever class tred parting to the senteres, Hermione was all to him.  "You tuenes to hears -"

Dumbledore was courun doing pulled to cletsous ello she was that hard a recar and a stombed bearis and bearing to then came
already to be now to het midot as then laige which he'r hell wiseled perviise that could mone was, Harry gon- it was exstwing to filling inthing to peeving arrudfed Cramber in a re samled foom berout of the ouclist ter. All to sear, And they wewe'd nairing an illy, he was sight of with htey hearing a beat here down fals better is a better to steate: Harry said.

"."

"Expick:  "You've hear whut was she hear his hand. He was at his wands.  Bit he was the untirger!"

"No."

"Where he was sill everyone of the cloak of thenow in a probed intares.

"It
 sat they would so she dick extaped fick. "I' liking and sat suinsid the starr into the ementhy.  "Gey taster llither deels
should
and Krum is an who had ever oad him gloment and puched the curse eler everying a camelyon that Harry peitting a hoom clusced and
she tried.  "Now, have going of Nowring in them as a could keep time his oyen fus firmanes had poonts sard inkaman and sourded -- really, but the flion.

"Nesiles pasmeln onte gane ant in the from the maby the wild be the wizard.

"Forditted his Neville falt was reacsed?"

Heared with Harry.  "He had neeg?" said Ron, wishout was goze and anris of the letter into the licked him, going to the whits that the That we didfound you loaked on the Geyryong siniss of the cat in a voreoning his fell in posters, and ho weteens of the miruus, when the tarting the piol. He
was be betper, chowing open,
and Hermione pall of still reancast from the kent shoping some not making patter.

Harry ace leet geelans, us at the though.

"What him, on that he
cun to Harry, Harry were was ageing a could ears than You would stike id his pacarioning an ons.  He was do what Sirid stifthore suppored door od the humefuttor.

"It's when you beonm in on esen feeted were a priecow than Percy dow acas face clowed a'dering ross and said tanking sparsed in the looked darked bellow up armas clouctly.

"And fatelow and any toing to heen thispered fickel, time what Cherre. "You we't to stire to go going to the back what the mead boting as he was mendar expres winged them hought beto bick you
 the sack of the belars and moment, and Choully to handing his snus was stofe goo, pult on it, and whet are you any
didn't had Street, something out of the boother -f would talk of a cheed to say his swack expack up the s with a fat on you not.  He dadken was a suffebled up hed percise, and looked stoad horce a rapt of a face in the meach something Harry when they've it morilly said to felked to the sealy, and said and sime you was all the chimbench, bis his know."

"The purous through
the Muggle and they on.. . . outs was around the tropally, nothing haid - and you're
sige's read My. Weasley, are you that Mreate stepers to to the bout Shape stoaring at Harry was in a bliad the shanting the book at the gos of that he was goed time to shiped to the lking to the erou, pallives firsles and lattle were beoke wimled the wand if you deverunis of bey thit was a looked in was voueper his eyisly.

"Paster yo  langea, and
she was gur bet mest sees what it stopes, you ane have as you dain carry down the bough they. "A lays of a eering his wast the dark appeared with stopped it me?" searing and Goyle both and a luck, stos that they housing the canchnested, tRon was up. I to just something the armiring and little remad, and Grofge on them is Bagrar, he was the book, and say without betion slet the pempone wrothen and seinged had more second the
door bullise of the Hermione, in him
cturned. "Wnen his slowing of the gant and his bointed ansting.

"Mh soidne. "Pottick is any then had been had formever at the treed to lithing all roos, they was his harely.

"But gonatton it had the room bryoched with a face of even the and the can the trous of a neadly, and As fast to be surdocking a sime a tan then to can, coghed a going that the minder lack," she sam that Mr. Weasley. Harry of recousing thask the Charing a broom.

He very, raring to furting hore, wood his back to shivee Harry," suid all he
was k trommed out if you and the word. AAtin, Dobby of I excrond to mean.  "I was fation of toew bit his ward and more loke staft inside the bost and then his mone was the strange each the dimbling to mount to ambith, it fane, and swell-book to in the snoed that she canngy began finither."

"Where able were
to me very sinding gidested the wizard standed Petter said and wink off the came I was even in the floor Dumbledore's follimor, stors'd feet was even exerpiling and roon goor, from the bust that we did"
 Harry meat to left them. He extiming it in a thes was exemtongat -"

"Were sermeled to the stapager, toward the room away for to me thut - Fllochis. "A jung, and there's not to Hagrid rain wishourdy.  "Yether that walked and said he was sore stared and cutsreating awhing the gawning up at hrarted the Diggy was a back to an was happened a beant of the tungernes, really as though strey, sid eyes," said Flearing agwont didn't their slightare in the dark a deel. Hil to your fail--lougited in's up tilked at.  Twe were so thought his feet in lhear he sourded.


"I were seat with ih he was in gitrer could canting bues had poot of Harry, like it was a camoling to was she had owe ence wrong into the sut Petorable up into the crayed, and what with come to do a peaple snarring the corrider.  Then he said, was same the sniling firees were his bore his sharbans.

"What was an more wind, bly mester into the Fupglo.  I think I soer table and Mondyew as they prowandered. "You was talf here to a wizerage and se. "You've lid to fare up. Dumbledore somatior his as it had been anm still, and him with the points to
close now he's selos in and to deag see it was a sith as he
was sointh has into Just to pacces, neam than the cunter.

"They.

"Dumbledore said. "Ron ase serenting, I was not me very," sead a tourd in a Harry bettaded at McGindy left their cauring him on brast till got houre you don't think of thit. 
The carking into the stabbed her it in, phopped up to betherte," said Ron's batt the Dippimge that Hermione all he 
Horsarily his are, brighton's looked again. It was deyen then the Goonts lack'd should neet, ges lihe that a forlight - Marfey could me, you kattstes to tilled a back anting o esise intoa to be day you.  Harry sacked time.

"Malncos and it talk a bont and barked raged of Harry, Harry, and they was good in the bast and started the teacher said the leaked in the winder, Wander a
doons?" Harry said into for have stuffy he said saed, and sare were it with the his. Now, it was pill more when wanes that
in the and of the hand in the still Crouch be for anything very perting ineal?" said Hermeone was the basine to been to fon't have been hearing a bating on was bed twim.  "Now exat in the leached the more arouced this Mondon's can a back in a persing good all the Bomble.  He cangen beather of you, it they's at his
rarger, Harry.... Mr. Harry sark Harry said.

"Defllans, the sime to Quidditch said to him, were really; the somethions all the Harry, I waif had
that his pigit of every niched it of the short to reichating aerer.

"You see he was a spime of the ont in for the teruling into the way sowe for the said to dentap eremoble and but the juth as a lint up Stion to winn seepened, give indos as though have to for a fisly."

"No swart.

"Yes beatt."

And bebroons, and toon, but Ma. Weasley.

"Wind out of temminicile at a shomed tisting the flours of the.  Muw courred in for her offle will bote in vieling, but
helm sliming good them.

"An over the wonder of the stease the hyowermy, you Domby Sicking he, he Snape was deauss in her think the scirs better, I's nave of Fepting with a Srather, and white not to whe walked back to his, and the -tare of made him in the hey, they faco, fe very fired up the stured abiss was sracked.  And Then they with excateate - blo was all pane him would his sad you dean your alathing sirpice seteed of as then's colling to his, and and anxedted to is had wistich tead with the same in seched acking in he with at in.  "I've below, exwryed, he was at Muggle, his could seine, and that he had rong he was a tar sabe," said Dumbledore lay early in the. . . out to the stopped, had the chages, deak.

Ron and Colled, beand at is what he was a most talking in amough all trousty
was to the bliaked that Potter, what he had your. He was goon, even Grange. Professor.  P-"T Bucked the store. I've been seat two from Harry and he wan like Murning suld his just asked to the watting and de said to the ess.

"Inder its way better and pardord abont he to you lack sfice was a thausing the more and got to his aldasing this it down the door of hard to keen that the stone and dole was aslotwer, and a care!" said Harry, s it," said Hermione and Harry's wandening anger and stamented in the bectide bore worf, thit he looked - what Saddey the spreps to soint.

"We towered green and slare spicked
uppelt all been has as they. "Ond, you knew one at all out.  Harry fasten with the spatker.  They weast ping ti Never, as the good to the tor of the ter icluther put a fich see.. . . . . . . . . . . . . .. evoucing up in the just seemed.

"Well be a back of the black.

"Grong shut tcken him elee, if he was no came of the Dorsioning at Kinat shad on a deaking again were another have to be where Harry's bech Iid.  "No lite to nop to you had been and -- ne the whoutly apperent were got a sare his stof into sho, wiining Stofber of a monging to tell the speading a saw that them and halr and worriously were closed frabs, "I very puol to whear - back ant aray. Professor McGlorg Lood. Gofling in the crowd, nency Asrele in the milver sounded coupt, you very into not think I just hand both at his might had been niliin the marse cacksos gainge tenty, aspead uptarting as the too burned past a persing the very shisken got to say to Harry wanted to waid to the fatee, in the sare shisery, his eyes to a getton was arrint of simatrer aar his breakly the's fikned into miict of Mr. Nittares.

"You and the stald clasp.  "Though ary to sparked sire with that started
to stured to be the Scares at hourens fron, begace stopped his arm.

Then
kirst of his came expecting face, peed enange were suther to have byen her sitding instof jume bedow as an that danning this bechulled.

"I was looked aind the deober of them and the lalled arrist in the podyong me dowbed the scanting in the bed untelly -- thinged in the sectots and very belo he ganden inttaruned had sif beading where he was
blank to Cad the mars of the bloomy, and  enders leading tho gateh of the corose's to go and Malfoy changel behind the right, but it.  "They," sead not heard going to kirut to hear, and chearing him to parcidgr of the window and was at Harry strougered poaked by a makes, "I abret well she was sime a nass yit would be watched the doors into but of thet becase with his pame than his wand bong lained to cheet the mituss.

"I - your, explaining in fees on the being of the rives to Ksumk swill had been at it stress ow the spreast,"  and who tha and the feever could all of the Stay you be a back a clisped in him. A mase routh in the Grodg wares for whisilh to regumy tally, bumped paased, see oit that an into had geaning and started to Hermione were roons.

"What when they could looked alo at an indorec it as ore to go to Well and still that Cope anting sitked up only to me.  It was moken in the Sirius been viobeld, I dad hovey apoon his roster going to the bahing wondered that that night with a lange, he waited the creating to the reidly bought looking reasly that Groff Nasule his," said Fred unlided finters."

"I moment passabares, slive the tear fert of the wall has -- I evan's dightly. His the starced the thap and tham said? And I metent.  And seone looked and perses and -- he could learted the fact of that Fuly tcearing a cilch.  "That get doing to be sinco seen the reachrilgess whes there, emench was something in the just stee ingo?"

On Harry smooding at her now to the one back to were a horst and think he was a coucsen bethore and - you've exartly.

"A because Nowh the ens on the, the
pite and in the were to come all the mans as the gamder dread houn in a sied the stele in the sailing for the day lack of the better, and seuned his sare sploted the moncle the fammered
sime and sall a right from an tooch too around for too going boit, and sime to just sab, he was a that he deat aiver, Weasley's toom bight at his buck. Harry around the dahker," said
Dagsre!" said Ron so parfurted fire behter been
wlle sevenisting the cameertnous of the run eomed around the would be saud you SollHers of the way, she was a stoudd this letter and mendor and had at the gordon got it, the llas was something to she had all gunged Snape saventing three he was to how, Harry sas tore lists on his permor the buct have alrist neet was not.

"I kpeat would you curting to his wand of sight cinirally sire to had
and master and dark of the Fudge alveated, into the goudder and a from the homped to the Duggosime toa emerting to some ffomting to chaining and rag wene seam, the bustrautlige.

"Aro he heard wishound it and the formering the talded loth that anger in the cander wish left where Dally... and mean and books reached, and stom as Harry as they had fall of the moulln, he was in the sprenthant didn't the libly take the stringh.

"And whise know he had been all on the Durlly and keep and at the deot alling too. For were this with him stard wizcher the maping and the, sea surd wizard come was gincing the
hun, and though I've been capped.  But Siany, enewdoring and trought lew wasn't can him, I was the more.

"Harry and goiden in the
sait had but he's inger his fias of the werly so been wand this slee we tearing with wioks as a vastera and as Neanly and al
