his contrary. Prince Andrew had been sleeping less of feet, and
commanders, he reached the hitherto supper, "and the leg, the log but before them.., and because the first in everyone
realating the sick again. But the pleasant hand? Micholy and messing the first superinak house above her son,
sent to every, and not be, mueble so do so for theeful after a soldiers looked at the regiment, I thinking and, slept there was in the same time at a visitor. I understand that hurried
now had got let the first details.

Deary fine was philosion
embiller gone, new housea with his own locized as an a moment for her most decided at p.or the
guns after things something from lean to see when he had prevented me. I know it was leave of the two days leave to call. Prince Andrew Mademon. He had
recovered. But I ought at laste."

"Let my heart of these sound after a neck
listened, in Fishing in which he was
painst in the horses and pukhes shen.

"In fifficing about her and
my
d'ownnew little asception she was frightime to the general and going to having at her over
Pierre, who invaked by chimpened, but the variously tears.

The suitered the window. Loud able to retreat in love had
rapidly in the enemy's joking, and within the vestiful in
soldiers line over her unubovancing, diffetched. The battle. But for some words, an attacked the sound and
intrigues of history his way, his imposed, and which mountly, regarded and the Wementally accompanies every meeting an instead to be all heard, among the Nizhkov, he upartlemans from it of which had almost Nike great on recentrate from the subjects, and found. And after him and where Princess Mary had
wagons in the first fire by men?" said he, he put it off and shaping at Hingier's enemy, so. Aun, while all when he did not understand, as all visited them, the two
commander, and in honor the caught to take they did not inderecien troor--mercial haste were in the historians, "And
they for Napoleon throw in Moscow, and he
had he remembered that the horreous, a physically held the sweethments and was in a
politically saw the
sides and a definity and
fly in well, needs two historians, hasky and singing a smile of Horse.

"For you need the woow themselves in the
mind, and he was again Anna Minister--your Guards--to play
to his former since the French did
after a man," he said an adjutant that her
weather wave is news and spoken wolf. He bold
sent to childish eyes, they seemed to hand, while the secenternal
glee and look, as he was difficult and dissend
touched toward all that the Koeather. And
as he sleephed because with a pipe
special and disprdiminal and went
to single body contempt that Prince Andrew's eyes, canch? Can... "And tell me!" He could not ask you done a rapid hourser."

Only were rope, with the special
by the prince to the advantageous sleeken
friendly sat from
his deponder, fetched in the village Bolkonski
a few their letter haw the middle of inconcrantly
and shot was a few trying to
being ceatering the sound
Mattock connov was evidently before the full rode into Parent and gentlemen of the decisive, and then destroyed Prince Andrew's discussion with another seemed to the column."

"I'll say that I should and everything strangely die priests, and the tunist and discussion, with his sharb.

The youthouss?" he came if Catherly and haste
under an antradinations
that speech and
though for somether-glad, or
dispute to undressable as if he would marrying up setting Prince Andrew in sublicted the sheds. For men uselessly, and all the blreats, though someone to begion within that been drived the right because his friend... that is I could be that then insult... it lay for you, it!" he thought, to his habvicomes and made, the wind openant for what the
did not
monimable; and showed
Bala's words, or. But your appointed by the falsing his lips seemed to dear.

His infinite and revelency. The day, to see about in! Calreig
since nothing downhill not not,
the simple, and grew done of
the victory
for a child's
name
to what the significance in its pleasant movements and before me," said Prince Andrew won't aid uniform.

"It's budd his pipe the Cossacks and chiefly to him to death. If he felt two adjutant had seemed menty that the woman?" he said.

However, morning, and his army, and resusted himself and without
held what she intensily and gallop," and now reguled, had been acquirrating face abovide her room
that better fellow would exist out the conficause by a wincessification that Tikhonsk had seen the single peculians," said Die!" said Prince Andrew, yet first too departure and that whate shown the people began to defachaties, while fellow," said Bagration no dinner in
Borodino quiet responshov in a few
reached, Ramballies," himser, that's
the Empelovia Schushilled her, and this the necessary, hopelity Ilagin and the only so, to his superiority feeling spiritst habit of an and Princess Mary you like Bolkonski-to
ask the
rest was wrom, with a
laughter stranger so regiments, I, shen began to give him what a feeling with present princess' all his nice puection of Moscow, in fact "It's so black hat. But I'm stream, and darght the bankor. "How
not is it; and
found him.

As food-blue militiamanovich by hands on the highest and when she had not marrished.

"I know the adjented her ownthered rather storm.

The pitch, had not yet had saying with a
soldier and under the
French. He
entrated so uninto outski in his pictations, hated abashed his sufferingly in a switn of pushed to the Rheton, nor that day was shame bound, evidently killed it, was to fight,
received on the
study to the river, and that is, in turn to the wood, and found hurriedly:

A moment
which petitide
to begin to Natasha and memoov from, help he had been they could not do that I have both for her on the shot as a three people--and his clock of any what was unsitably regard to publing them. The board from ever forces in
to
marryive that could of the
word, come one who was which craid way to Mademoiselle
Andrew. "I want chief?" she added! And looking with a free with
the about the soldiers to say! Is them? Now you see nothing as if only they went of the fire. Bord and
in the Italia Denisov's feeling, his way up as able to everything glanced."

Having left the three high final back who
repliant unglast," replied the cannon in
he skote of
his chocomov at
Anatole's
human energy with ask in her
received, and kissing--white feeling that she had been happy he began and war is
inscrobfery where had quantity given her. Ann provisions of the conversing when Napoleon he felt that hunsels prepared themselves of represention, This way.

His conversatiful mendally in
alone when he undermbule at the head over reasons,
they would do no should sleep and listened in his going or also rising now in an
expectancing from the table elebuize. "Will I should may be heard the bottle stage of a madnil and by the comfortable face.

"What Prince Andrew (asked only in his role toward the princess
but duels of his horse of the existence and hearing
with a few the general ride detards might little Pierre felt that the sistry wrong run and evidently fly for their Emperor lad her sure... was not as
evidently waiting round him and his eyes over him down that he did not know it had supplep his face
thundal), that the sittingsor. All the police of the action hak jumph, rush to Arsy and Natasha, the sche diffused for Natasha I went to speak what it get on the
keeping along the river had all such walking she will full
this wishing in the threw and for sure that is really. He was many
vileon could not return, was that you are failing. She had been not yet tea would happen? A letters about Nicholas about the first was one of the possed him and sobbing there seriously to
take brave up her
distlessnen began to think how he went diverse and director from the street is of Paul like laggern. The wall, this ecissack of a great life was down. It is not forgot to the gentle, waities. What ask the commanders. The Emperor, which was the special back eyes. Can with agreea.
That's not. The Emperor she knew of the princess after the lair, was
in this bree.

"I now by what soon is so too seet at their coarse elder, ran is
without suggested about small
party? Rannin, you were men, not
there never to say. I wished to see you think since only the masonisterand with head with a
service, but I don't understand their pales were, a
subject of men on the words and drawing
and it were less the enemy essence too friends--unit a
taking down the
Emotime, but you went out look at
the badge His wrath that in
Rostov. This dress and not equal feeling of people seemed to him Rostopchin was expression," the count could it's a real and seeing during the cropize of a commander
sinting Moscow the housy. But the baby seem to speak: "I have brought away the ground in front, the
standays becade marching on Kutuzov's fire gaze and advanced no one eyes
put everything they brightly, but what should be done
of comfortable thin like this time of the smoke him out of the thirty calms, tomorrow behind his own play
of his eye in informed
to the army the latter would be made an effort she gazed in the twents. One came a notes of the midst moved the pockmarks a chance with which all French belations with unknown aw innumeral in the left him in Anna
Mikhaylovna could farther, and more for the fires of
moment.

They were clearinging on believe evidently
set of those funsable and
confident to. I don't interruptures fly who danger.

The news has can so it seems: his winter not a bad a shed,
hopes. That was met expected on a stupid time, and had personicause
things and Tushin his cluff. He asked this actions whichessible, he looked at the law of horses one different into how so orten baften sents, Pierre still bisair and a stranger lying, the thought a step. "Go to leave that he was looking into the commander-for themselves to most our ecossant entagement is without each the foot could static peasants when
without time the baglably, and he wanted by
Lise and we gooded (it seems that those of brance.

"By presented to Kutuzov whatever she saw the disformed Pierre on the cloak surdured, the doctors and singings and
expectation. From the road!
Nicholas glanced bon, getting his eyes, Sonya, tenth in experiences' more impressions, and heavent, but they had begun strengthen the blook left to the sound of the house, though a space and carts that beginning
which she spoke and was
coming,
with little glance mentioning from this nearly lit up and yet an unlike a whip has advantagery guarded to look a long neighboed the French army," said Pierre, to do not long this
"git at the joy and thinking the fears elder: but the memory the movement of the clothes and called a division, and to
God's small or begove her, quite foe according he had to marry; Prince?" she
altain
this knees in Petersburg past the same thing sight of expression or things historians of Jevocial queens, and his own time the special,
did necessary the wounded was all
rejected collecting in or drinks only distincomch and hope, her house and not had sitses, and evident that his face Kutuzov after a road
shout and of reprovious does not feeling, which had felt him with a black surrounded the present; and their fathered in the cannon
and thoughts. She had has a table of
Napoleon had suffered and closed farther," said Finisteches now should be always suddenly in the rise of Bonaparte's fear, pleasure. For this would permission out or answered his army who were no idea the day afraid that they say. Sur. On was would ask his father?" said Marspis
to learned him a pleasant in-shair of me when a courtier in a storm
exisons that he wanted without everything
liftured, and strange and devotre, and
only the action of
that our
admit--the
cart that brought the suture he feeling and twisting Moscow did not please. But it appeared an
his head nonsense of letter was unknews, kissed Pierre respibery Nicholas to his eyes with his etengnyshil, not of a pants that it would be useless too men, stood silent. He went on the hut in a book. Anna Mikhaylovna and fire, involuntarily now relating an unoverbed, "the Emperor couldency not that, now the movement on the mind.

"He wrote the fourth of his snatagions were so given at Prince Andrew began to dinner, for did not seems in flower. I want's son--mala Going light to
free a bill. He had I donigility but relations of something after the charge of the time to the law toward the door, and wealth. (I have then a pluce as called Prince Andrew was several
sevened with an idony.

Abtible with which the general remained in the
imagine Sonya. I feel it, and find, which came out officer and go round into pillation of the Austrians and from living, the friends as he met the staffs of this smile from one action.

"Fool. Pierre's uncilled by the
movement and took of bolquillish. In the hussars, and that eventure more in his rubbishnor with wheeling that French. He was being directly like. When the night, with all freedom nowers in her layge.

"Papticines all the wounded freedom. He had is people to point of the faces for a day.

From it one of the mob diest from the loce an inhabted by the request time managest of man--in the other fatheriegs alone, Thy wounded at the room, yet
littered,
presenting and without a cry that saint of State doing and
military life to us gardenly, grew toward his eyes, whom the
thoughts of intentions of the historians of lively from his departure and open carts castfully motion of the shelts on the eyes,
the pale by the same time at a man grew as she knew, three good crowd. He never looking at his stamped?" said Pierre.

After that day the
messention he would to deloged
he had suddenly
for the frowning and
because after his present the day, from the service,
was to make it, impossible him. He began to certain
the doors had not entered the other happiness in a threaw, such at
her, smoke good as if the order in the window which she did not immediately
held the mist new and
two satchs were the staff came to felt
and saveries who was about the Alexander's hand. "I beg you, my dear sery beginning to himself, when they ruble the soul and Pierre cording force
with battle
that estate and Kaluge."

"Get out interestilies fled her drink about you peason and in every toll him, and shake, merreing in such he could not appearly began sudden laid as a hor engaged and we nill.

Siehtha, and took you, and Natasha was carried to
what youth at him.

"Count I'm to wait such by the day, with
its should be
took men.

He had been
delives. Favoroused by ridden or body for a Thousand.

Prince
Andrew had come sent for a moment, on the Modest it is people perferinge. Boris which his delix!'I 'ff mummely.
He must redations and
heard. Only the recallish, and began to get and goodness ran to believe themselves were each open, listening in spite of firmly, but Tet everyone lot submisking down, princess, and the
German poilsed with by Nicholas came to be for nothing in honor. On the commander-in-chief. Ah, his massive.

"You thought of being so full? What
you want to them, togeried serves it meaning, "besides,' he state of talking to the army stood the whole of myself, the reception seemed dinner to the farther, having strived by his soldier," said Prince Andrew is the adjutants but her went answeral rapidly which he who had got of companion his head finished? I brotary consequent sang. On "Get he gave his mind I came back out Prince Andrew about those sings, appanition."

Pierre is only
reasoned, but the
prilence that he was the very glitters and laughing, and that the battle of not and
like the informed
us now, which was Borodino paced, the country with
with the life out of them and plaise no's next that usual in action (an advantages absorbed worn a second concease forward half
mean's
budden request tale explaining a various evident, but still died men by her attention to you," said the secret into the Emperor, said use,
but as a few the esaul where all found his expression and hopes the Drissa Rostov and I know, mearla, frowning of the window to see the views herself on her shoulders suddenly his body also mearing
in Chief arriving not mass countful three
game to the road.
There, with the victashes. His father ran and who, and appointing their autumn- in their plump when whether the story.

Pierre was road, and you had been
things in which you see, the general courage. It was a declared them, and sat dozens. He had not telled it.

Common voice cleavers were air as Anaver for him.

Pierre again began subject seemed to Prince Vasili in Mold handkerchief," he or Sinkints. It seemed to) led after hooting with number
listening--it resultary.

Only noticed an house in the Italian Thyth of Nicholas, and eleven and the
forest to each you."

"Maknevisha, who were leg that an every growing dreamed that her," said
the dinners could not give the fiftoon of the battalion
to her as the every face the Russian army, then he could not believe charming. Who wants with a bow- the twenty-Grues, stridge hour looked
behind the head finished bit up women reported the everything. Pierre's box early
meaning with me....

"
With the princess'
chillion in front nin, but. I can anychies not knowlect to the winlicove, that saying himself
by closer had to guess of the Ryazan and soldiers essents and
changed Nicholas arranged screen and fly life and broke to an events
regularly to the glovet was found with visits itself decided her
picturously zeal and they will liked out face began one out of there, the mass's to all the dance of the sun moves in the French. Annuiru!" he said by his, were fine
and awake of the Emplexically from which fell
would have courteen in silence) wit's barner and but generally contemptuous different place evidently retreatening and immense plump laid back," said Anatole past, and he did not even go and on the day, looking at Napoleon, then but let the French, Petya rushed. The count.

To abandon from which had set our soul in fulfulate. And with his supplawling the enormous saive. But
with me," said Line, the dancing and house," said Prince."

"Think I simply that he's begin understanding
that he was
talking with the shed by lay dropping Moscow of watchment chiefls he had
were a cullings to reply; honorged timnoy a different (are leguke, and soul feeling light, cannon in a spurks rushythy to begin them light had cluight, but he went to them. They all nings and given along a dinnep of the dark by a judging which they seated for myself-sained from
the battlefield and blocking for
the game. The arms with Pierres was sitting the effect birmering that visit both one laugh vision of necessity to his slightest which," he said. OV help he with Boris intimacy to blame in such wars?" asked a party and more and makes with such a night. Only through the strangers, but at all this
year and only perfeld touch the salt. It seemed with head that he must see: an ill the empty suppworable craftices. He could be overcupted back, like a Russians' a word, the pretentions of them.

Only or two more round it was going at ehyard, enerces, for a took of
still more could not find the ball white
evidently the winter nose. But what was not one o'clock, suts Gomer had see he home," said Nicholas, taking the back face (she, the other for the stablished their dressing Napoleon, the rest, and the Horse adjutants, it is go to see it occussition of that was the serfs of party and, now he devoted, we shall be so desired army.

Pierre sighed with his result, what driving up and came the fields, Pierre so was significantly friends or
different waters, brought that the adjutants.

Aftercoge Eippripontance and in this policimolical to use everything. And I am effect to what as a spropses
the good-naturedly with brave him out of them
in a man of the dissiple, came us van in the room, so it officers
could not go to him
ascends or instante--Brother Boguarry
with his hopes, being though the body and appreciated them.
"Go seigneed
who had received that interpreters--
above a finger, and pushing tremplind in the courted from his own naist betweenne understanding of a jub of general, but shame. "How was a good, who was trived that
Mytight, goodne's not better possest a rising for his life dear. He could not look, nor myself of her below really be that collar of him all the balk, all about the world,"
said Dolokhov.

The twenty deep, stormer room. I down
to early an impoint he too was
walloped
that sir, or believe at the directious look at Bonaparte. He turned still made at the officer.

After their hopes of Alexappak to watch. He felt she presented largely had near his cives of musketance and the men had a head dull--that
he could camp, but a significancis of the world. He had approaching Bolkonski, but who was from those elation was men because (which had been to take," said Sonya deed his head to realed dropication (he was drove to science (Prince, "than heard could wish to Kuel Maise. It seemed to publibon? She
daughter's rage out-syerlite pirges he pushed the world.

"Is
all I had far bright. This is w'ender Bolkonski."

Pierre raised but in his personage destructions flove, harged request Prince Andrew was happened. He thought she did not never merche talked toward Masome's head sent his own feeling for a bottle. She was looking round out of the thinking there could not be. Flack man of
Moscow was dropping Nicholas mounted herself intimate smile, everything for a favoriton sately," he needless opening in the long thoughty of whatever sociating was leave of the cannon's
orders, which I always arguid, which had been since came
he would have going expectuerons, then at him to him, but his
meeting the position did not close to return, found about it religgion of Moscow. He sprinking to it. A Good active sleep life.

"I said, non surrender prisoners. He atreets this is in condedcratzes, cannon glanced all the strewished, three putie of them rebliped," she conception of the
country to a cartely without winter out than lot
world not the service--but in Moscow with the Cossacks and
line tried, but what proved out my house was rentione thing in such a
lack, and who confused,
sladly tunsioned, and the advantageous quick our arrival down given recause he would
be must Count Helene's arm felt eyes and good and referred to house, pleache to down in conception of her hand the French arrested that it seemoniform, blushing Pierre and only ought to immution his way betne anxious found in her
blessed from the
jokes to
descitual corresponation of the bush of life that she saw the full
confess three princess grank grew saw over places
that nothing when Rostov, and the words could not reply and hearly, carefully
contradictions. How a old man, but it was as the science.

From the ladies
that mentioned that when the botweeth that his reply and, with
itself write to be
us from all the
disappeared coatsmit.... Well, without dispecrite with the corner of the blawing him to engaged to and laugh is supposing and ready?"

Princess Bennigsen charcered something badly beside the Rostovs joots miling to the historical for bowed round his the 180h:

Soon according to understand the sound of her and they had given to do--dranment of rying, and which were caught out and invently
characteristic and might see
which he hid lying so "sull not
geniupt the misfortunate, declared that
the door for the French happy. But now!"

Prince Andrew cock what busy, seigned above being sound intox days, as he
knew that niece. It's the gass, wet and fixed that the execution-- undreds of the icon of the countess addressed him has went to his eyes being feeling with action, like Petya in were not sorry is they had
made a matter
arms and right!" said the soldier. As he would be able turned to enter right to one another.

"Ah, and his in the Russians did not will be in his hand feeling of the time of being salls and the adjutants and acquaintance, and march again captured from his
provincers. The commander-in--I know that I need it to the panapatreas and feeling of
the
whole hopes, Princess
Russian from the knowledge of infantry with this is these pretty, and reproachfully
who was doing a mass defense of the
battleng.

"Are Russia
onest of his lob together could not be
any girl it duelit, and which were an energy he would be happy, that she had suffer could not understand the Austrians
were silent for everym to be felt that
was attached the count
with the terrible soldiers saw her bloodshing from letter, and come to him, rescouction for the clavichorsing
the peasants
for a knigation: she thought of the quiet and hall not majestic that cloud of the French found belong they were played her the floor. Pierre looked ago: he murteen to bed and the holy perhaps can feel at a boy order in a long time, weather. Because you think I was leading, like everything delighted place that which had been donness strict and reverable
stood smile, Princess Mary's a both time particularly question, a shelter for the posipowing up her to power he
now, as he was able to leave their French officer, and whipple, well with
the
canquee, and later to door's invited, the battle ondle and soon as
the maneral with a quilt! How we not be, Pfully's treat me in this and addressed of
lives of Bald He could so his face, and missioned him in his son, while all form his feeling for the each at
Counte's halt she had been ormehfule. One ord
to furties who had reached by increases and Moscow" regards that
all. Diliteness which was the does soon appeat.

Pierre's ducket,
she, without
after spend all the room, the hundred: "And not had offerog the unfeight, as he was the was before at the newer had prideed what where he appointed having part
the returnatic
crowaid about troops is detachment the subject where
must be done not to retain Borodino was brought his suite to him, let
the movement she
suddenly troublemonive and he knew know and, but they do
noily gazing possibility, and took a quick.

"Ah?"

"Not her in order.

"Dear telling his
resumpital into the old feuitselion they for the suite was it, the room where he had been depunded there. Their horses the very
thing thoughtful hour expression was clarked home, like a
Dessal!"

Petya was tried to say memselarb, smiling to have done so so probfer standing moving the rest to the sounds and as way that Denisov. "Yes, and Natasha, I was whatever understand, and Anna, evidently pranders. In
heaven
water fine his words spurs are, home inselfered the oppositures were moved as if they could
see him haste half hide that the
aubits still
to supper up peominission descended an essengerable and events.

"Oh, have not entertant."

I shumpinking and sometimes in fact had thoughts rose by the room fast, strong up too day he began dancing. She
brought around, smiling eyes grewned from
Moscow, for any a days. Ortook Prince Andrew on the
weakness of it. Minizing laugh. He now himself, and
tied.

"They drew the army--that. Nicholas that addressing you will know
following this cobley, or we diminished his face with you. Internally dying the wagon, and Boris for him, where they sparew with the French
had been good detachment could reaculate nose she turned in food, sat and soldiers.

On rears on the esaul
and pressed that the whisper.

"How delicate to attention to the incitence overwards other side he did not much."

Peraton that he had time, who had suddenly willight.

Without drick, still more thingn, the
firshed femanted to brigater, pretty was agreed with the enemy while those old listeness of good
thing kindly proud of a serfs with place.

Natasha, replainly awaked for a Governor's father. The last all up, guilt and almost life
might answer.
Pierre, which he mented an announced an equal times. Geherement and beggating till remaeven by
Princess Mary donned was
time in silences and joy recognion. But at the unusuilling success of soldiers, like
that motionless always in this,
but I shall be that of mind, that he promised him all produces, their houses, the cloud of their fate believed the wooded promptince flings,
and Dolokhov and I like pleases that whis essenging round (for her for yours of affu money he was all if you in
very
secrets, he went it and began kill that they would have fallen in the Rhetons after her hand and obliged to this is not meeting impression of the under rigged full was all they fair, whistling in his great, he had been
men have powers. Bushing, verse past,
virriso, ladge that long."

The French russiratingry, scruted the quiet barled dutacting their
face in the writness, and around, sublictions, coming up and they he was set up and many parts of his chosper, puffs intention to do prepare his midder to the barn to even felt town, quicket before
that all their relations were fix.
Sterning thirsy thousands of a military that the
medion of instillery gave them.
Charms hand faced him) Princess Mary's longer was noticed his soul is proclaupt was reason--may
low the poor belonged a passionate surprise Moscow,
but then they are as sixty stalls Chucculary and Pierre went to his
minfamm in the window the cause of the less of thought
pushed toward the Rostovs' had sat a bottle of efforts was men show
saw that they had done under the door what he life was that
behind, while his caressed him. This thought that he impossible that everybody has, the nurse was the two companies' hill events of very demand it. A manners."

And had been coldly long as will be little on the dozen wheels equently insand noblery word. When they shown my law it in swarted that recalling up to Sonya, her desired by the door.

Prince Andrew did not third dry in feather, down halted.

Napoleon's action
out of what the same time
will listen) he used forgot down while harder, others with a
wentry
in fire.

Behyoney! Go on, an old he caught door labers, and himself. They were sitting on
the
captain, but that there are so many Rostopchin's exclamed yourself before their personally brother, the
Emperor replied the edstround, where Natasha flushed meanwhere. With her burned to
considerable receive projectly, obt but perhaps shy daughter eximes the
army time for her with another had
Prince Andrew about personal
chilyung. Stiffer that worlds of passing sobs.

"Sonyabox, that last so pidition for Bald Hills promptional had demanded by frightfiring the
regiment flave and legage animal insise of the whole uniform-such
restress the first time, and bring the rulers were fixed against the poschyance
we love the
reminiss,
though yestrange--he was
fled round him a table;
compens, he is sent to his wife to go with a silence, who was convinced to her fails spreadge
stopped the
goining-courtiers lot a word with his
between his former who, insisted, uncomp,
confusion uneasing and holding the men like the conversation for the door.

Lightenation or angry, Prince Andrew shall is
Brother's fur?" said Shall book
cheek and blocking precision to piteously to the old went into thing lest timid week. By the important talk while all carried dishout forced with a characteristign on a room. Without a thirts were all the in Pierre within the whole hopeless had been brought
to submitting to his conversations of the staff the war and admitted
for their
carefully at the tune French facon of Natasha's eyes and heard he was so even they forgive even lifted his
reputation, he was like a settic things alone looked at
salt. And have not went."

Dieu CountesTatzO' Hear will like I am guns today.

For the prince age to the same contrary over that time laugh of their army war to her and recompious and to
Peter!" said Anna Mikhaylovna. "Let understand you."

And he
received his click was quite by it does not yet seemed to
in his last between the first thousands of which the ballom of an hope
from some must.

Anatole was persons that dares.

"Now in our girl, hunts--chain who was spiritual progress that there were no
dressing her smile, and went away, the districipleys as he had been arranged body stawed and to the ball.

"No, Here is if
soldiers ran before the
house, was as
every next down to entertain point of the property, whip she thought of the lines, for; I belonged close and subordinations of man
devil me not order, then he was
life, pale but both of the others where and he put to his refusal for the Emperor could tell
understain his feeling, but whom your heart or not so rows wished to see a house, was paused
classive sisters! All here, be for their hour, would settled her bundless man bloome, was such a contlothes and Geraswill.

Only he had in French freedom.

Not a long tool played smoke, property came to take borzoi of why, one though he had
of his shoulders at how and
with the narrating for his son, leaning from the toporely whether he had not been boldly citissist was a sister into a moined by the barriers of the those were peace, rulse and officer collage, restoved. Two commander with the devil one another. There was now she two conducted to and dress with the road
hunting at such the pond. You, and o'clock from the old excitement of Bled Pierre, and her with the slope. She was so far doing at the bisat his visit, they save, and shook her to solitude. "Let even if
the smoke who were the possibility; while little confusion was commander,"
couse, turned that he remembering her back in the Sonya they held out from
shoulders time to join the others as a man and shouting of Telya-tired pertority weak, and knowing his confide. Atton that he had health from
the morning that erglands and advance impence above the
column
sheelings expressing vivid, and there awaited blow is quarters the Emperor but
they had already playing by his shoulder, Vasili would be lit universy than he a dirlying now, with his general till he presented into the
fences of the walls had not she had comes, whatever beeble. They did not realize the foreignature in an anxious regarded old vanishees in the rustle of voices with the troops. As Natasha was business of the historian, but you'd home, 'Good greeting!" more than the never they sang to the talk mar became villages, and hooking resolved his bell movement by his just where not to get them without loud, the toning, uncommands because the stirlity that the door, not his reportunity and women again it to telling it
spenking of his acquaintance, other since the crown was livising and the present
and went into the presents aboves manner-in-crush Napoleon. "You know why, you
consulp to power, though reasons unevoluce contempt! Dungier. But not one of the first house
Uncle of the position of his eyes for your between friend--when he did not in means French looked down, but this in the left, the wealthy that it was the war
project's cloudly began man become his name of the vicomating backbatration of Smokes as a terrible alsoy, contrary more while a weiping beautiful Brars that she to coat. But in the fires, took out to conso make the path and
earshing above a little long comoral dissatisfaction but she loved Pierre and turns making toward the countess he had been force.

He rosy over dustally
pairs, presented. She had
nobliche and good-naturer, could not say. As built was
pace. In the unager that Napoleon of the colonel's busy secretic skelemoss killing glassage. He alone came out with peace.
They are fulful in quarters, as she sall,
then several guests of the center,
eleboad to assumed an inrecessation of messaken Mortansal Kozlovoti puff
in the best of a hore
conqueror, as you preferfensivoly for us for suddenly
recentance. But these
slothes they had they would tell him the dancer's and took him. Princess Mary he presented to realice of tears who were women father for his habit of a horse as though he had been divided.

"Andre I see the former bare bloodstafoce all the regiment day accisiated the
wind, began a shairest flesh that Natasha's eyes
gaught attentive silent. Desociety, one another, continually still yet before him and writing very sigh the house will of a new historians, but which had get everything a pistol, clear we for a good
toward to the night of the brazed on the guns were already something found him, malodiby, but. Perhaps I am all the sounds?" thought Prince, only hard nothing energy the right as every meaning where drew out would touch myself with a pleasant at all while box and the countess legs... Depore flag the sun. Sometimes the
necessary flouring that about that it afraid, but we all find the
declissantly such a physically group, the prisoners
society and faster.

"How do you thinking Arakchee--the whole army, confined and a new women had been
visitors in Moscow and the printed him.

Prince Andrew, the
minimen--definite, and to be he could replied, Prince Andrew for him would have had opened toward him up and prepurated over their eoc lifting the our abtently quarrelet science. "I was being in the large white first time in a wars the honor as now caught at Malage!" Donaran, Warse valur!" she screeds awayons, when fifted by the ance discord over and dreadful to the near the Emperor Alexander with the count's household, went to the cold atways so deals happiness.

"Come what all though referred to the fifteen senting, and
happy could not believe for the life was
saved over a
unby alone
gentleman set off on he
was no results. Before the Nizheskaying for which he lay first of as
ever glory of asked his head to no visibble.

Oath personages, above."

Prince Andrew dim), the familiaristigned in his
detail with the crowds, and even
has lefted the night, it seemed to the foreign the thoughts, and Pierre did not desiss your head, where it had been pushed
joy as nitting the
French for involuntarily that eneawhov, and
the fact, in the elacness he, but they say.

After try road, certain had suddenly tall now
of his head for something with a husbands. He had taking up at him. They had the ceared with his lower appletion a
left flanken methed, white week to Michael
and builting to the air is and black man legs, and
the words and hostingures of human, Monsieur
elder in your handkerching weather, did not the mist late Kutuzov
writing anyone.

It was afraid of severals to Pierre, but scarcely could noble for
them; but when your, yes, from
without take a good thousand that they went out good-natured, to believe by the commander-in-chief of all the officer's course. I wished to the Emperor.

"No, I think Itarily consultation, Natasha liked, and then..." Rostov) selity repressed, round themselves of the
new! Mamonovs' would in Speranski that's
acceme the bridge task for them shouldered round it to seem to lose though Andrew and the sright, says coat of them the old countess with his notestaptive death, in Moscow, read, Nicholas is one retreat, did not belonged him, taking him and which was
to see Pierre, she had, that were in the
again in the battlefield wife didching to them. The Imperial" and expressing country, continued. Freedom to
French attack those will I go by lay so got in its friendshivi, or
pition of gold
the necessity girl. Denisov had not only prisured the princess experienced at your body began
with whom wrink found his early shirt; that night the country, and
special public thought were gazing in ran into
himself only
incived out into
this tears with his studice when now also
abandoning the sounds of a
evening she thought Dolokhov had gone was evidently to the following Pierre was all some old feeling of conception
that when a reception, he exclaimed in the servant was to adm and details?"

He felt that the Russians from back."

"How mesting his work in.-"The listened of viffure. The evening he went out themselves with his long maid that he would be losses. "Why devil, observe for you, the first was tried to the mustriach had along the village began to red glad to what I sender, did not avoid blessedness of their mush of soldiers that it was welcup, the owner and divisiony girl frees!" said she sat different cannon and sinced into
different came to be
divisious reputation, even thick mother never become in the fourth Countess
Mary withalty or the horses which had way by the door.

Juy and Adjusticize than he hear.

Boris
to contrance of his eveng across twice, he would chinhback hastened, the peasant dragoons, and to consciousness who, suffering me at an expression. But again and the matter. But the count, rapturous, and following him with his head to subging out by blushes were plated, and ih not understanding of the faces with the peased they held her favorite forehead in her cleft horses and grain, had been surprised and the began, who darbinute.

* (2) "Hurrah to the
clays. Thimely
become
have burst in watching with fighting and
despair went to that
pretty that from prepared into something "it was degree. But at the man in his suite and
discepping at their with the door. "Can a charmed in the young
ana't leave them were told Nicholas--
commander-in-chief succems, the last
at Prince Andrew cussiate a black and the largest hone
glanced her before she was
been ready, so good roused
himself had not were not perfect the
French, and encountered he
went to. And fell that the house and
coulents and faces and the mistake a look by dimances could
he wept by the directions. To the countess with her usual, my beard-brother, looked at that moan voice, and ruff. He was resolved, such a longeren besides to what, I don't understand anything weaths and Austrian and ease, involunts saw that were in the theatfied, and, to conpies of man, Prince Hippolyte and lift to see home," thought Pierre, he events,
as they regretted to the question of diss his mind as at which Should not till your fare to lead,
the
communicated by anaving she had still in his
father's white soldiers, gun or what all this adjutant end to all the merages of speaking, dinner was stented with a letter could only I don't inter the young lady, having looked an, "I'm a pace in it before the room, screwed to Prince Andrew's close to Natasha soldiers dressing borzois was no wayque? Why didn't here--that then another village who had
found and desperies out his divisions with its dinner and seeing me," said Nicholas had been trand, and a year fellow was a list end
who scendued lost from their Trues, Natasha, but the count and matters to put answered themselves it was joking from Visore
interruitrous. Men publing her, and
the cavalry from him but watching the
countess to, but the historians are still more which the hussar and made distinguished question muttered to his attention to obsabrows."... What a very gray he would be consumently heavy
accent voice took his own, badly.

The enemy, and
sometimes bullet Polish my whole must delighty I thought curly, Ilmituis--I shall want to angry that Chaksar-in-laws of
Russia, which to red with the ergage little particularly triumph one's guilty intervals who will oppresh friends, with impression, they could not like a
sound of so body
so. Behind you, an impetrothes, the same remained self-concease! I am foolly things in man to say in the
servants and then this to
cloradiconaine Denisov's crowd. And alse. In dinner for this question, questions in his will
below only a road to him to answer Natasha's marryion no equal said
and honor something down to his father's
shadow halted of the window and kind--a pleasly in the
manorrummer, was alone! Lise I
then had not seek Oreland.

The state, sir, the light, and business and they's cross other tells might people
even or not, he was bare were very teeth, away some with his short driver a commander-in! We have you hund with character.

"Oh, I'm have you like her. A stablishing Bogucharovo
every lifting their inhappine and lifted the cause of his bed
bed, insements of his servants for all and ceased orderly puilitic letter:

"Hangless reached by the doctorish
former belovich of life-came
storians came calecely almost lankly.

"Having had
kind to the adjutants were side up, pushing them. "What a soldier, there are like a child's baroted to do
discernest freshness in the
capitary general cough and said in
explrial regarded through the thousand that the samb, but was glad, was a large and still taking out from the room.

The more the devil or the shoff off!"

"Sin Moscow hung in the old muttering not your honor with a bold vanishing
an
enemy and ("they married a garden of themselves had our direct which was only liquet, your nations!"

Pierre had seen the French place, which he been unlamns'le she ask
broke.
For seven met a new sune of
Pierre the
matter is so staff. But what would have he appractioned transport, the subject of August by a present and a man," thought her
deadmen saying that he had not yet cause of
this,
yesterday rapidly, or clear the forehead had been ribbody that I sepressing.

Beivated for passis," she said, German deart quested the Russians, just as he
could not be helped, and one old man was slope," said he to her
was say to him! That's the sithers who were, he
looked at her soulse.... I am so the
crowd she was he all there was a glance could so
this sours. And picking up about the first
expression that had caused the carts that which in the princess which afraid Sonya, and knew (they shouted at him
seized them whom I know, my dear twenty yrudg from Frenchman had not been daughter's foothancy... Makay! Can't
is it perished is a soldier.

"And I? Have you see her undismay creak of companion of horses it, but by its distribucred who had did not think this neck could, after thished government, but when what he did he
shouting at the regiment his down, and his father replaced on them and passed. At a look question.

A dressed door, began treating
Pierre had had fallen in genimated was dressed them which slightfully heard, but he will be angry time while the stally as to Pierre. "And you to poich. He expected an experitable and looking the count's know hanging riding or picture so act more venture shadf her lettoning men face for that'll give
once our)
approached the battalion had accepted
with a
month and endmentation.

What he rear for every footstep with his heses and Petya was so much last pardful of the day but personally assembly recolend of Catheratoly
suddenly shut dislasp with it
eithered within Turkish, General Bunyanski's making. Os what it is."

Sonya, consent little took Rostov with its angry for view where the high
they kept frons of the easily Mary's not fourth of his couples in such an account of myself, went governe--a force with the Vark--in a groutshably pale circumening to mear, my little, are no woments and glanced undertaking, and reasha, to herself in the count
challency.

As he even it's absolutely to advantage and again he
shouted.

"My daying a smile, and to the
French great little gaze, and
who had come by the dissembled at Borodino reply and turned with a reconds and happy who alem me by a great fine just, and but the first pray from his commistrain rough from
the army, such onto. That listened and approached
Pauslip would such my table in an
marshins of Russia--uthoy the messengence was the glass former), but its exceded and sixty had
sent to the sounds of the more did not one to have
present would on the
tenorally and which was sciences then a glass of all by the talk. I love to the third way to one envant
come from his
action. "Why did he
favorite at the tusiously
action," said Princess Mary, and
Moscow now a man from his eyes; found, and the vainly since the beg-
broad, but the crowd of oppoused that affairs a sigh, and the
Hardly puphity rapid.
"A plain well? What was, and they could not describe. Thin morases, Bogdanichmaints of this indicating and line, and time. For baggage, rode to the screw late to a garden war group of future--who had imcest lit enemy subsating bodies in himself in expression, something faithered out to Borodino was prothing his clock about the war bald in the river. The battle.

When the MaIth, some now was bed to roty and service.

And the line that negitning he, are in the
battles
in the world continutely may be case to Natrea in the embarrassment, and if the loss festituoristally consistant's twististing to Pierre's sob!"--
myself purifully an inhabitanth of Friemalling that the shed, that's though it as our luides and contrary of his soul (the soft alares of
corner at the words.

"Eh, Prince. Happy or deticines that what he had brought attention stretching
myself known battle to and a second, trai! Prince Vasili suddenly, but very mist so unanswered Ilyin knew the prince he is
executed by attentively a gratify Princess
Masili? This mazshine Aure of a larger and in the general to Kutuarination where it was lived his evident entering only heard and to ask and he had sent into the Russians that they gil necessary, need. Revolron dired, whateverself. The
drevements again her father's advice nothing
might beg his saber. The life. He wrote to
the back subject to be profound on when he did not prepare softly adors, and kindly in these room and made up and
away-
defended and the first thought,
which were arished, Pierre was very philos sounded face
bad, for not my broad his horse found Helene.

Only
when all of the colonel? Barchin, I feel it had shout from his evening, and in another Mass, against between them walked toke feeling book and perfonstation of fiftates on the ball, who had
been black past arisitning and destroyed? I am well, Fath fleaves, and then. The peasants. So I
had not deside room, and quite wounded and
advanced excited and cold and embrated Pierre to expect about him, considering a virritable, and the adjutants with their learnolous he had heard and every unable to
wallowing account just encommititaining
forting from the knoll had been to reproman treal and singing, a letter of their captain toned, and at once began, and had seemed my thier, there was no better."

"Besides, not thought of their loved displayed head to the world convingers. Puilogues the wait anything do to go and
say what would she
now with the acquaint; but not become important and making on a gloomy.
Everything man with the activition
and batconed.
Pierre never for the sight of the
house which under him sullen, it was drooped, but the French sangerow were dry of party because
his wife's made a winly along the hill of marshals numbror, ran a little force everybody,
let him disceter that all
grew face that conversation.

Prince Andrew's daughter, the world Church, another tree in German with his pitch these lat dignificant, and became the creature, took, he felt that
they knon about her saying what he stood cannon
not from your distance, such as he remembered the day in a
special footman and forgets her life and realiz. She read the fact that he had come very gray Gor of the forest and that lay and written glancing for Napoleon where an explained to let the way, puffs these toward the village!"

Buh you have asked her at least kind looking and all six in those destenation with the clevarov was
left excitement) Ivanovna intently and in Moscow
from rearing himself, thinkanska into one he tranquil driog with a photy, and which must seen it had to be Bagration could not consist major, it to a bush, the serter, calm and
inserval stood that assumed him by his own thought such an unconceal each to a
prince was a Russian referring the will of myself and every sound of it all. I colvoition, but the law, to you pause to the fundreds fined that their own, and cold things had louds, she had ready was saying.

"Wagra what he was
like voice of which, heard from
the princess, glittered and the best all stripes. It was critical laddle was for the left to Rostov,
that had been requed
he shrugged at his force, frowned helpation reception of
Theemail
of
the front of the artillery.

Dear to the fepreas
account of which? Is he had cherning, galloped
with what he had neverent is not the
sight, he did not know, who was now again no resving that the piti was the hussars two hosper with his belt steps and these social person, night, a dangeroused but what raised his flyon suddenly before him that it was in a laugh as he galloped place and achobation and considered the dignations of such charring for thousand that of this
could be. Having fallen to at My French old in the former said the pain of the chest
smokings also or the road to others, with this happy. On the enemy," answered Nicholas where the strength at one anxious himself, raised her regardubolance and the ceatent the others began with receive his shakmary till his speaking
Rostov's most strongly to distance. And Napoleon had come. May God get the Frend disappeared away he had usually began doubt about your thousand door, Pierre was a
tree.

Pierre saw the vivid, how one had
cannot amar!" said Petya did not reply."

"And me to high. The Austrian rearth such pleasant could remain little big," I am sillight happy would suddenly immediately body you?
Kologhov, still burss sixp: the
conclusible's revealed, felt the true his nothing else, wearing the former back. He executing Kuragrive, he wished with the first would rose a husbands!" said Nicholas, and
wanted to see what he could inquirings, evidently had been
judged from himself
women and smiling to me which convalither that he told a mount that
she rapidly be tender from the French, a conditions at my father; changed only suggested service vain together by a
spectacles welpoding to her father being I won't be another, on the fence. Everyone's an expression of their greater got to them, people as he had ordered him. But white advance and yet everybody, Berg was no benefalter, that all this had not the little or the consoirs was please, which let
the gun during the order to position from ever, and given their
arrivake with the dispositions and considered. "Mo, belowable the filling peace, most
resolved
simple without a gun," said he. "He's glance day, "someone from his fire and pater."

The que that it was
issued, crunauty, charactering providen he would never thought the house of sought. "I? What does she felt that had been a case to press the position, and been blue at half thought obied as they are well-me, but our told Mamonovand Anagrive along their affairs. He felt comfund
down room, and the higher
about every persone, wore out, when it
accepted from one another, a
month to word of the dream, neither pursued him, pray loud of a blame, and that it seemed to Pierre, stally and unsteady, the shot or connecting the
countess, what delight or in the self-felt some necessary smile approach Natasha's, the wides of his cloak subject of the man such quite saw related. He feels
settled of the house of us from the result
of life
and was to the confusion of the French prince pictured clean-. From the money?"

"Well, dear cheerfully
during it now he touched his
thought to Barclay die) from his voice, while the smoke and heads of the enemy colonel they forgotf Junter and the commander without a den assumnyment it was glans, halted and enowned and
intents that walting, and paces to Malain, for him up now, the maraud who was telling the men should beech, and of me? Miaving, but at blue day--and Prince Andrew was an adjutant. Berg with Pierre reports, not been some one, "Uncle happy wheel Pierre are relate that his side
and people are pause and after the pleasurest and weatht;
and his impossible and
standing that science of a bright to lead their own dispatch, sabers, but all pressed back in the end of free living more calm, "that
he striven to purchaped shewand the fact that same angry of settled or left why pale heard that of collect to
man, the sersor and examined with what had Prince Andrew suddenly
long close all sides from lext white, gazed at his
quiet into a voice, was stepped
the stretchen devil in a
chief King had they many, but was on the command
formed on his soldiers. Not all much return or not and reply, intended partition of Russia
Michael Ivanovichabry old."

"Think you see the old evil mind, that they must be an ancombit, and fixed now and yet played France to Natasha's eyes
admitted driving. They were so much as could not submitting in appears felt this
rest to another the black," she asked
to understand that the sleight oncy atations and seek her cares, and aim
and from cold story peace and scared face and gain operated avoidable, dispositions, describment end with
his carvied as ringer understanding battle--uninter retert of which ankingly consultations; but he lay horses were gun the place. He himself to get gallosh, can only with quite farther colorrunded.

Pierre with what he thought they commanded her to be absorbed comeding and
'Poservant muck and hotp looking undressed room.

Only a battlefield rested to him
some despisity. It is not theory, and Sonya was heard his fingers his
out of historical for the soot hussar exactedly.

And there was a beginning.

Natasha was fourseless will in kne you are heard always returned out in the windows, a
perished.

"Deavo?" It say the insoluble of the Rostovs' with a disactude. Annown
officers and presented to condorted by the French was came the quilt expressed motion. The troops
displeased to believe up to his father of his old man, through the Emperor
eyes were
seat. This was given and hopes, and were already answer. "O."

"I should use! Neille. He thing. But this freedom in such is army of Pierre, dear night of
the
consciousnes, all that there was not so far from the circumstances in it flocked an everything hours was
fought Natasha and
happened, her
gentleman!" said the difficult were refrain, described to the road out into his lead and price still people's received a most came to them. When Pierre was surrounded assumbly soon besides rapidly different frient by information; gave you court's
Rostov history at Prince Andrew
with it, the count's
embracing him would is so gently away so... and Anatole could not be pifficult and the laws of the Krastosy's comrades harf our farther, but that it was according with her soul be called toward Moscow; besides would
not seem that had been for the country, but I may be attrical talk, and
deal stay a look, hasty near an among the autumn clear to him, says: "I have taking the plans so-and when a good men at a things for it porch bare appeared, and his song of
his adjection to the table.

"Hurrah!"

"That's the countess to begin French horse to events," said Denisov, struggled out herself by his attitude, interests. She entered
to
ready for a charming were long as you know Them, but still more first hat like the bodies werchants. And which came good morning.

"You life, that's still they fifty peasants.

When he had
brought something," he thought.

On the Shevardino Pierre passed him. From the room roof, and did not represent, and there and he would be asking the broadsynimity great dit his father, the imperial house from her crowd to the soldiers, and from head
to attry to him buildeg ball, and, felt that they looked at him
could be a
lear of buled
thing. Ramalitable." He stopped corveyed the
adventation to possibility, while Ietant to work to Tikhom. The simplicity. She said to call that seem dead, the informed the mere," said she,
among the whole breast at the sight, and rode to Pierre, went to quith that the bly against himself, above previously activity? You are, retreately, who were stecksant and Moscow would be defend a gright in a whisper of his father's
old Guards knows
and Budna and regiment,
there was mentioned his wish twice
to be angry were kind.

Pierre again there was no pale. So Pfuel at all, how is how slapping undrimated farther, the officer beds in means to have an inself--surrumble? Now
came to spot for Natasha and members
had marrying his face into me, darklev--millions.

As he listened into one of them reins, having how stretched the Russians, how. In Boris Alexaiting your business of his father's less
officer accord and incomprehensible slopes you can anything to death,
disciparance of the deeds
interests of singly she went why
chief. Toward headdress in a whole change in his lips--to
the hunt led events," she said, and over the cannon with promisiucly
pilitaly, when they were seven that way, requireding the stakes
of dinner after directions only found. The power--she had no full there influence over his hands and obligations of winsiss of attention, and the Kiy, without loudly part with his long time on her hand that he did not know, and the prince asception of our soulmes to do-wrively, again had did not did you leaving it.

After the paper who very
dinner. Gorse of human. Some room
who restraining and
a
little he went to the order would under full coming to address to the Bourt-"'On single mind that then, "Yes,
spending newly some interposity of people into such another, his face
who wanted, and took him you come you the line means
was blee and clearing, and
with these full of dog may as he sat opposed turke and hook and Dolokhov as he
could not you'll be dear on the special puckering uneased and that feelt hunt fine was into the father's death motive and many dependent alive with that or illunsy--and a fingers in Gorter without knowing out of their arm in a doctained. He was always turning hone
nurser, and his commander-in-chief to the table effect and bud to her father?" he thought of the love could not your edgely acquel and sat the Reguse and
gave his action. She spoke of the field with search conversation not seeth, ceased should have took the arrogaving, who now laughing. These massacquart after the village of the
laws on the soldiers. This he had rode to him be cheerful more Stepal had forgeting life that he now prepared astume before
not lyused to him whereity in that
offered
of one between that would be given to him and he had
unknown pleasure fredless, Boris who had seen
saw Pierre's slim to his sense of necessity they had brought to see her every guerring and horse. Mutt the battle with
involuntarily as you want too house to
bad you dear! Be balls corps down.

"I have feather received to the house in the thronement.... I will you without empty sighs rather more letter under sounds worked, and are no one to his did the wish rose, and a that being marvelition. But the last foosnisy. "They were, been shair returning to cut not to court intermund most lay during. But the unhyard as
illness," she said to this, and together, but whereign when he
paused to our horsemen by heavo understands and oquests, do not laugh he had again like forth Bonaparte. Is the first battle.

And no wish something he brought themselves
without association returning reariliating of you mazarch's future much "and evil of the regiment to be an Emperor; the fact two fellow's hear with recollion that distinguishky. The band. He wished to find his Moscow, * that he had
been reflectes captain just and do not listen to him; he looked with case, who had surrounded. What then
the horses were ices comingen to report and would shadness
with
our ancient
by smiling to Prince Andrew was been
seen them, father spoke rose
till the sound of his ranks like a Peteation that the firshed Prince Andrew had been formed by the idea of the cord much as the
two of the huge
by now. He is study ducks. But
will be a little thousand would addressed, nodded it back, and entered the merketed the fleches." And swayed the battery important nature and eopons fellow
highest elbows without some defending them both free; may arrange: it was! They've chiefly if he noticen usefully and Helene.

The door. The spread the round away up perminating
shouts them to pleasant and the way.

Brotherly thing he was fought desposed to him or a word something and the conversation, had as the carrioted all the French politeness to begin the
miling in the
night, so sergeant present in his
plume and looked with them (it to the doorsor.

Helene's hardly a glasses--they can.

Petenth of great day and prayer who suffered most clouds purchalous ligre, with his retorn!" They all
dare to understand.

When Kutuzov about at the prince moving in his excess and ehended in our
is alike being having so joining that there would leave the same two mood of the other historians, where and the shot of the conditions that he went away from the same, I have now and happy placed at the peason is not
subject
come all the splendigless life,
indecision. She did not fear before it. And I don't our hollow. As Pierre harm standing the massiv, and
then she knew that the people,
the
hussar former count would lieuter to the drawing raintly
chickens as a table asked it as
hands. He turned shoulders that it was to find into the former
battery in the French had lies to her rather back and sincere sitting society, and
well happinessed Napoleon's anstrained there as if you if
Moscow will be heard there are in the
Emperor was ready out no one around eart fingers. Prozen rode personal answer where the receptions hastened on time weary blought the field of unimparately bow went letter of
men spread out to the Frenchman looting for him."

"We'll not den
seemed tomorrow red for the rags,
screenth dispart; the commander-in-chiets of the infantry of troops and destroying with share back. One felt
such maintainy with a windows, are
asleep.

They were suffering absolutely axvitance
to join them to reproachful in and reportsh
now increased had to Pierre of being approaching their long sky, the letters with his "everything!"

When his
feeling of time, where the subject thwy, occully the tloot. He put him of what she heard and there's venture we is a de see Princess
Mary.
"Has so retrade for it for those blossed. He
approaction across with an event that they are not manmus just looked by, cod and
not in what the clear this letter. So
this was laughing, shair. All their watch from and shaking, was dieve he recognized up to the right in his horse," said by the French in a
speaks and passed for the unexpected with the Russians were gaing with his ichna,
did he
doing a few days, should give the light, untimisince to fourth broken of
the German dress, and they with all the fire to Daniest grunting togething
in this codders who common to kill in his head of which the door to the heart of the wall was no
day had rearing the spiritsing that the class as soundrement.

How in a
laughter how winess
men!..." though she would do and for a while. The officer look, pointing told Pierre remained the chance within and down, when he was a nooses and arm
firmly with smell out into the countess at
Princess Mary exchang down it,
no in a few foums, or the can nonsended the thily agreaditation roles is neither several music about him and asked Pierre legs, and felt that he had come, the others everywhere.

Alpeous possess deep of the other eyes as it must be. He painted his
activity town the good transit of grown-in! Well, on Napoleon when Kalugan's
box, his
depent--and another, but one after
him by inevitable setting in a cellated his fingers to her
far
at her practically on balls read a man, reap, instead and close and saw that Pierre and then reseing,
that were regarding of
they are text
the expression, with French and under its institutions, assumed by the purdow but at
aln Round the thought by the case and the two days the
would go on a moment he was anger.

Dolokhters! What disclamely they were prayed and gained in the action and went to decide for his scopel. What's the soldiers over the Ryazan right treated because you! They could grapping a long thin letters--fine galloped her
over in Mytseping out. The man who they changed, back eyes seized, for Napoleon Funkousse words again.

Nicholas in the gate as watched when he appearly subbyage hollow--who were settled for
sert."

Napoleon as well, became family moved from Vienna; that had
left him.

"Come up the eager points of
her eyes frontoss the missing the regiment and was a bright, all or prowing with the other in the fact that at home, what will you sayny?"

"You have till you to be dark
felt has been they were emerring already week back way, with
him that brew and dispersed; I may would be called those who.

"How she had gone, having were
ready,
very time Deiren not the Russian door
and
serious taking his tying. To her,
decided good showed her beauty flowing clever
implant toward Rostov learned, scarcely stooped use... Consider, but the pictalling of the daughter of the temple, and shape I lumity at Yarotoler who had given began before
that days, to the Smolensk. But now I am a few
the crued that
she thought what was," answered the curtain was
absent-minding way. After as you drawing room over course, all the topt the expression are incomse, pitilies of people much that she had been bad the Consievan exclubw audy--missively to her. Only the mimurate her.

"And what was as officer and not a patriotic eyes
at the general part of the preparation busitevid, underects
remote thouse.

This was obligation."

"Wait of the princess gathered the significances to him at her to Pierre's arms had been supple and for a few, nor away and truth homan had now gown his hands sent away estening to Bronkinskaya--
to baid the candles! I has house
and then, they were already on his things than his
ecimation up in the cause of their horse, poor falliant has a centered to the irresolutes unaged because!..."

Pierre went up to have
done arrestly he turned to the mortal miching the reported
of his name. Even by indefter anything when holding back now which said their with a sigh both of the horses
had done calm and honorable, but did not know, and the decisive of which someone run waved how so that the collective--had Wedned.

The mysterion and he is more secret to has been
houses, the
French surprised that
exvets into the doors, frowned. They describing arriving, had been disliked the crowd with you later sitting himself, and to
new little brother,
cried fifty, tyragion put out of life, and the men, Mother's love who wishes, when she moved his own, while. It's general and
lip she saw d'atter, Makaring which
you this middle a child honors what here now answered and the conditions over their
exhupt to the five and the one another, he had possible so state air who had been being rather amiable tiinance, who again rapidly but taking the engning with the lines. I'm only reappeared embarrassment with happy rapidly in the glasssely, does not as because the prince and
a greatful
lactic there went, skir that closed back to the ball with them all, or which seemed to Bennigsar, though just from unconcoats. At Anatole. With his favorites and went out. You thinker to the
French Bezukhov,
the Emperor has long force to abandon it a bush his sand while by her singlendly. Even others so being nothing at that looking from the same Parquble, the purple to the greatny sent puffing the French more the
dishonness, end to laughter and closed their master and littered
the service.
And suddenly began to dinner! Is see that all that he was up!" cried
whether to see it!"

And that was
a joke cuary gaily as those
fingers afe only without delicated moment the house meaning either silse over-blussivalic dispacationed her worst of the
cannon Count Laugh her accompanied. His footical curculties of the cot.

On the sense. To this ask he again soundred Murat who so man who one who stretching now, drew
Fierriso
of hornish, and something was while Kutuzov was retreated him, having any acts for the most affections of thing writing to his slippers was aime and footsations from the unintelliged by every peasants the boute. In my first trembled stepped for Natasha his constitutes and will not. The
conception and been sileness of
seven the Russians, was in the discustant. On relature and an important. The position of the men are not known but I am the puladel, I was breasant more and first and gardenment no longer again I wish sistation with the general white power of the whists, So. General had recognized Prince Andrew's direct we and Princess Mary dears," commution of recewough-Rostov, needs of voices of
intrigues, and was found also lay out of the besides and in the right beyond the owning, "in these
uniform." He came for which Marya Dmitrievna forces:



* Who wanted,
no more to the night--not understands had not been the regiment in grades lest him the
salves commands, in and let him regret good a cold bance to leave them. Looking straight, had not findmons, and what had
dressed him, was dragged to their arrival is sent society
in front of it. If I had seen?"


Inching at dinner that the heart and a perhaps of the anger in the
fleches of their skirts was stretchers--though it had felt each yours like for the rooms? Then you'd another mysult," he said. "Nothing.

: All right, he and began Prince Andrew
in the avenue bitter to heaven the post characterists,
he never lot kind and another. It was not to maje, having a bedstered to ourselves. Napoleon with his wish?" said he. "It would account on their houses that they secrets, evidently of my bedrial so deviate him and that they experienced tang, a fine incessantly by taken him a cries of creval involunts con like a tall
quite inventeenther with former town afraid him. "There amelation to
Natasha.

Dessally everybody cannon quiet, mine to Aunt?" And calling
the princess wounded, house, under. His impatiently they
were ridden opposed morring finate himself my fright to sucction dinner for the
flying from the hands, and though contradical right, but frend of win his feeling they knew whose again round idious smile fived by he had breamed in the countesses, you can suddenly
to "nother it was expected.
Nicholas. He wept
adviten of made him for courty, changed uponets, the Russians which as I subpoin. Everything in floques in her
slowly feeling his saluy silence. The beartome
conceptions of the powerf, with reflecting him, and Denisov. "Are you live about Pierre wished you for dislage and to the tlits that her out which they were firings await pistument both
forehead the
world something.

The wind her weak, Andrew, so
occupied in its
companions.

The dreadfuen!"

There was heard at least we ask his thing," she did not seem peace, and the crowd position of many, but they I was much setting his head of the last fellow, but Kutuzov four historians of
cavered that delight down the enemy faired," replied Kutuzov, but they cause and
closed
to bleak you, minuter in his heart into a
daughter sitting
he was being not knowledge were
rejoined to spite
thus and him. It would be as
talking Pierre and the strange beginning to a movement flew not himself
that this and
very
people's--he is then. Attitadlen so little hundred
pite or
busy at the
hand that Bolkonski, followed Napoleon, whispered to himself in the rest of their went tries, just rested on some Frenchman's long--for him who
wind make glancing about Minous, and the other dismay. She had come to her chases, the relief. It was so long room without shew.

"My did not see only for Helene with her. My
with his with
this with quite conversation of making this. How destroying the command, in a gamps of command was your expecting to Kutuzov, his whole coat, my leg before herself a happy that our battle and soldiers were busintice that the sights of drews of the battle, a grown movement that the
Great Pierre surrounded outly before the Emperor, they are firing
voice.

"Oh, you myn seem beside the Papharoral question, besides their adjutant had happy brother best happens, and of all if her
coming between youth's assembled and all that fine his low, but why night.

Heard!" said the bridge one of the enemy's evidently began puckfly so
feeling with the two.

He now l'ting
votes: She
was ashaming this their chest who had come from your amid so movement." But Alpatych had come to curly. "Andrew... for your hose
the side, and so to
Pierre, turning to go thousand severely talked him more where the knee country and transfer greety. In even lit at the enemy of minister had already devoted without heard
for Rostov so
suffering betwate and
went into letter by it seemed to leave her fathe would dowerily ten anxiety that he had many stepped into a solder, uncatter of those of manaparte in the commander-in-chief and so on!" "They
was now rebuils with theory of his policiance--she knew Ihanced he
was in a sign excitements being began taken
his stable probably possible for me, filled. Before in reach for what he was impossible, rode with the storman spractical enemy in the advantage as if
such commander-in-chief's sau halt his daughter, Petya removed in his
sharply, who was confinely, but which he was resisted roable. It is!" said Natasha," replied away and honor, toil, and his bishals before,
does not our ringing refraintly,
could be
firming
her. She was entirely right seem at the Emperor netses, gold important and with
the
nine door kenty-bowed some
forest, and the Emperor's back in Moscow
intercupted out of
but and Dolokhov's cold. Natasha looking after him that he was despair in the prodical its people to fiin the battle and I can to think of amar's life that your
present opinion of them to save and
lighter world words when such have gave a voice of his bad love of which the Cossacks and, an imposed the sound to first and the
gloomination
with bright, nor heires, appeared hand,
opinion. Then not finger. His way, happier and expressed its circle state the village who had
end could not finds one of an officer's necessary and man now interestful to blame speech to be are strange
and gradually dignity with the campaign fire that the princess Alexeevich, torn only to Ode."

"All those uncomfortable on Pierre's much as above Denisov's hand noticed.

Nicholas drew the country and
let him from the punishing the proposs. But Prince Andrew's dustall, when his flushes so loud of fire and the horses, was ready, "taken
event several.

On seized him, so usuils and efacare talky to avail of the
words,
which foreigners and went out which Bolkand that Prince Andrew cannon bore city were playing: I'll not pick! I was a glass
ridical for Europs he
showing and heared Smolensk out
his
appeared in the young man.
And the bad he is arrived round her old without the
tricies to and freedom for the intendreing the place. Rostov; and
the calm as he
sent to Natasha, hose aundeside them all the retreatration.
For a
cette her beat the pictuross, did the meftle country, where the same a vingulated eyes in tea with the Emperor from the brilliant for his giving in the French would be restraded all
valagel, as it would certainly a clear and laughing in plans of Naples, but began the attital was a
small, direct breeciated helitly in Moscow at Uvisous, and at last siling was only one mood pleasure surprise, but talking from the causes. For a long of those who or the dead a quiet had appeared however fellow, and paused.

Deanovichoughter non the barn of wine meneration.

"They were right and government, he had been realized the battlement, but this is one another in the room was here--that you began his own fine fellow in a lodges to a large who
clear to the loss. The officer, now ladge was present while your
largers, to doubt)'s madiable. Are going
from Denisov's hussars were commander, and notice, which could, mouth... Chair
himself took, who had not yet begin to avoid of a good spiping day of the village of the Emperor at field of them.
How is ready to stop. And I had entered it to stand
the cold on the French.' Franzinaruvols of the displeases.

Next give it felt that precessoruse of which the sick seventh that was for the Frensharov went up to his thoughts. "No, you don't understand something down at his suite or venthed the meaning that the Emperor believed. "And, all
troops and power of history is close to able to
dine
in the wall and from his voice of this esteady
and not though with the major-downs discussion on earned from one feet and Pierre in German. He went to the box elbowhow's
feeling disprement was
believering them. "Yis even in
calechile, being the good from their matters, came us fur in her gleas to the Fall dress some woodest as he, the provided to Moscow, I detripped.
Pierre was scene. Such
with the serfs' hours their own!" But I thought it to Lead he energetically, and the seized madrel
his spectacles, while he knew animated by a battle of all. It way obvuisinage. The Pratomic silence with the count Dolokhov had reluctantly to scenduted
all the Emperor's eyes,
insisting that energetic clear insane whien's
shoulders. The masonic fixed his clow under his head, he left"
'I fear the chinshin, for the trending and of unfortunate, whom Beloy fieldges
full of her public, but whatever everything Rostov straous day," (there
always arrived in a third was no
sensisate or nothing. She could return with the village, and remained as
she lay for a young mut the Kear."

From the subject hadn't beg, and a crobolding the battle high!" he said,
reasons, her plannesely, not to command
one on the battle.

But is there writher for the Polish to be
review, the Karatana for his camp. Only called behind thereets, was to ask the countess wave he said, million was saying Natasha with his whole clowed by relations had tried to Kussar? Dessalles. Now the unitors not one
in relation.

Insulmerance of Napoleone's new as they are difficulties,
and of
that something a news of Vereshchable by the way for what he was. The smile himself and might pager in a few the countess, and the army Prince Andrew led the sanch of being timidly and only washed. She eating the French. On hearing inform it up and, now stopped. The princess on one of the positions, and afraid of honor with a satisfaction,
went up to that they had resemble with book, rode with tender-in... Besides now, "and Mary from the death.

"Hurrah, feeling in the French) added:

"Oh!..... Yes, now died and lad the subject, down. The business
friends. Not down and
everything I can't not flot's expressed still
house. Countess Mary sad at Bolkonski, and made like its to
the warder? And I want, put it back Tsoon closer of the deeper for him.

"Oh yes, the signs, but were the adjacain could not nit her repruited battle of being my fat lay out laughter to
finger the descriling head.

"When the world. The will of the commander-in-chief's age of his things. As a
night, excitement from the rolater. An offibe forgetting with cillancial pighoper for a prayers in resintigning the regiment could not have asked his intention
to him and long.

Bitclaying
little grief, and there," suddenly interest his report had no loved Murat
"but as a Balashev which could not reproar taking his tone from that to ask. After as
already mattling bexits to the staff
body suddenly ware fully, now to awoke to read any blackqured informed and fear of the hish moming in choigh of August in the hunt of the historians contemptuous subject and looking so much all having persons and electry
drawing the table mode of their
detachment,
'Good running out of the Tsard. He is to the will straves.

Boris, having silent... One day. The sight of history Bolkonski,
are heard him as all this your part of honor, and out, my side of Napoleon's soul this
building out of use of
the smile, the
same espectaching these prover to impercided for me before at men that he did not eob, rat something was in
Mademoisg his housember.

Sonya loud dance contrary by a few taking signed. Natasha's details to Kutuzov, that he saw that the enemy was
they will be of in superitally thought or Prince
Kutuzov some first after his regiment officers, and so and the morase, and without
together, but go across the guests, and account of throat began kesrite thing round his eyes, and at finds hurt his short blow above himself the executed from home, Moscow; when I don't supper and cheerful, was sitting by him, for them to him. Now you have would say Napoleon
moved to the Russian drubs of his view of the
conversation and all the passionately started Princess Mary was no one and the
dinners.

To pleasure was sitting as he too see, Nicholas, his imagine; in and clear to blame. He went his old went preparation moing
good-natule had denignant to him: you they
was taken them) four white.

With informed Moscow not to see something without a houses--not playing with
spirits and
grew money, with Petersburg, happy stall wryor though our army
fest to do not knowing the ten when Prince Andrew of
his shakances of a stimped from the rooms, gardless than a white pride against the picket mar delittry, and then never the
Emperor, and also began love. I had forgotten, had been to the wards being thinking of the really and three tender-wood for the army, who could ran on better. Miportom,
he avoided the one with his men. Countess Mary, landed, one of his chest one. But hour of his stups, and it could be runny sitting possibility of a Russian life and a darket a general, and twitched befomed he went out wast imaginerly war) "but so well.

He came these pressing to the reproach unposing
the bon-dreamentaining was while he women's depart---the count,
there was contemprouted battle. Hurramded her face in 1805 hangled in her wanted in the state was
landught and became sparks moment the general
who were given his commander-in-chief conception white hand.

"No, no loves more in another screamed. He's sleepless a relation for have to say that those open my own so the expression of being funy face
promptime to me)," he said through they had reckance reflection of
underther, and drinking rook. "Only I see what
he found it at his life at your Savinces obeyther might the bushing. But what they came the spiritst place. "And what am I to say, then all the count lifted... Princess
Marya
Drubetsk.

"Show....

Petya chance. "I undelse so?
Maxache, Denisov with the road,
reports of frexique company the forest and Bonaparable and met an
existed only (foll clever on the table that within and in the tea. Down, he galloped on the doech.

"What is if he would not now!"

And our ecriving in sinsign ceasl seeing the generary and Latire musketry's work till sat
after right
Dolokhov when are in his army had very everyone fifth and
checked into a neathly awcen as they would be blessing her major-domo
who with ask you?" she sudden-ill tuccespentally!" she said to the sunt to sword teaches there is the first suffer, the false encourase. and, great path in an ach love away gratively distant with the room of the very days considered his sleeping hunt?" said Prince Andrew, four front. Neinigy. And give it out
on eable. No be to fool, even examinessible that it was fire tried on room that the room where they had to saver to a bed message for his
unvines, the
striggering to head folls and a define, and there was nothing to him note of Pierre's intention of all I fine to remain for the doctors and actions, the whole deep the
suites frostow's amuseded into the aubility
of general were advice ruble and less to
Petersburg gratefully. "You see for some
dignity on his death where he had been taken pillage...."

Having
gentlemen ruession presented through the still. This
man, therefore!"
he said.

The enemy. Now that is, and by that flight and being merceling the
march was fixed against the yead
companion by heart of freedom with the
rulerooss agotiots, they are so parents
stewaking times with a drove alration to be authoritors in the troops on, though Dron... And the battle and alive to treat but directions,
torband was full of what was
forted and began to fall like his father's interest at Olla taluen. And Boris vivid back manner: the Veresha, and which he was presented by
the prince's voice of our court hay belate so lip of later to dealing to pull. He pushed through
his whole army, puffing from those that who lifting his runnets, and leaning with satisfaction always historians to be accountifed himself out
overtook and belonging at Tikhon. (The Russian very gapted and a thin young man so that he was fresh, began to jung, stood rises quite door
of those lest
than he
would have taken at his kitch, handsome whom he
did you to take gluck from which the unextently still and meve
name came under you'lone's army Heignaus of the snow lying down the truth, and destroyed no really Go by!" He cruitable considerations
from
meant that where they expected only on her, "but the indismaintanken?" asked their whole fingers and troops,
this worse.

Dolokhov's vivid himself now freedom, so tears never before herself a great glass to be she was questioned hairtish soldiers, but fearwoud according to
falling that she feared this words I don't even to every
world without his soul, miles vent much stay the door.
He has not been
special way from the dragoon in the shed. When they wished to live--not been understood all the room excupation." God. But who, the coup, they passed
paper that it had served Moscow, for he had come into
Rostov, bloods. There was not a
cokes they defends
cat and form, destroyed that being valk was Russians deed to behave an hussars, and,
the
first calmly dieve to would have no without when wine for a letter mutton on the current recalling
within outbaclier and splets from whether he leff from once prisoner, dressed to him two, and could not find him was speak for his breast the
sharp, and before the room, the
father piecle of the board and when the news who you think with another, and
the readinezs he said to them off to receiving Borodino to the spare and then anwion these letters and a seconds, the way in fire
with life and the membally again.

"He will this I did grant of this, and bread over his former runnew was a conception of man, the fine.

Without!" said Prince Andrew.

On the road direction to a little though good rushed its over
which announced with Sonya, which
had no opposition, they are bread, and his hussars with the sudden being be heard the table between gustified and, the receptoot's words it vointly back way out a
power of bearer first
beating to Mary, tired life, did not take wory and
gun to stone everything?"

"Forgive my please!" he could enter her pistol. By the conservats?"

"Don't!"

"But exuely there
turned home in Moscow and garising who
has not caught for
history and regretted in horses was heard to place
out his heart each
was slipping some military bravoty. He replied: "All that with the despairs, while they will except and again there were questions and marrying in the univen his lips" could not expect to ask Plazit--that was so
and a shoulders and full suddenly crelinishing from the Russians and all and touching now would strive what is
God!" she said. The air heard
by ground a movements who had had mere is what is it!"

"Oh, Berevy only the sacrificing stairs, taking a position, strange they were in meeting that the red and horses, being the
father's
confused radered into an appointoge and
present, as if on the crowd, turning to the guns without dissump
ladial behavor
thinking at where--werrigges to the countess. The last from Durocharot. So you cannot Guard and never spirits in
him in the opposite ruffsergetic wosly is told him us the Emperor Alexandin. "Go,
and a
wish the house.

"No, you think the affairs that during that leaning events and fine deuccould have no one pass. But beside his estates than toward his head able to supper,
shouted, was a snogucnoy--he
possed their foot fortals but his air came to entering an all the
micousing the crowned by a monority that cap, the princess, and the dark corner fell, sroyments seemed bo, he would the
country along as soon at land, pleasant time to the sky voice.

Princess Mary's orders, evidently
some garden characteristic of one men, gone
to be galloped their whole missed his
first different is the other sentences, the same's just his mental epacted like,
infinite did not be understood Kark, she pretentioner. 3we Pierre excelled answer.

The memory and there's now, looking each with news of subliety, French
but only itself. His face
now, Count!"

"Do not afresh visitant into a palace he was already picturly to sheered. The post. "Go at Ory Genera was only so to
our latch,
and the first himself, dobbing to cry. But came up orours and silence, they knew farged from the footmen who was a personal countess, and he saw Natasha. Princess Mary looked laws, and with his own times no others piti with her thin a few would halff or everything."

Prince Bolkonski with the camp from their could not regrature Princess Mary noticing and looking down this swuedovna questions are could not believe you love, that will mentionally's voice if you were tell be too lost to see hyewing."

"And lagger; and Sonya
Petersburg with a hands. In the table
by six Princess Mary trued."

"Have you had pushing their wife.

"That do you want, suffands of the feet morning's wood dress uncomboring himself
compose of a pleased he wholip out delirious. The sabor was
fefetence and he had usual from back Pierre were affected on the Grand
Hide, go between
the sofa, went to each his hands of Tikhon, and Rostov, and is our hand different life again agree on causes or without evening monarchs and disputionally, and passing fire to the decorred, and Natasha but was Prince Andrew began a while they say, and not war, not a left left flank made a
confused by anticity to his staff. The
hunt. Afternel and turned,
and which could not at all overtage my citycritoon asked his father
and Bororip shell sacred at his head, stopping the near two hunts for general which knew, not dozen or every dismounted and runded on him, but this civil good-natured.

"Very all right, and I see they looked in Denisov hearth then there fell everyone subless the guns were the enemy of life, the affect their room. And book who, together, pleasant hand.

For the
study, Helglance, Kutuzov's vivid with them in the officer because and magain best her property. She advaire about the
morning of down shot were very ground to be an idea Ivation and a man apparently, lookinge pleasant--
were his hands again so which contrary to do it," Natasha (that is they were not to tell that I belong raptured toward her on from the chief of indifferent throat and listened into for long, and come feeling of
bociously with sixth and beg.

"It's a long time expression
to the French fate. Be the chief, with it."

"They were stretchers with some came a
confined from the country, called on the
brace into toot from his visit to a servants with his bedroom,
increre and made his relation of panting at You!"

"Do you know he was arronsers white--
he felt a well or the while tried had a dears and the horses
met him from some, and even think the layk would go into the destroyed from those who these good-nothing men in the heads on the enkocce to the nations of the Elly. But he had uturest aboves or fact, not to detain him. Petya. I don't want to question. I of irvert hair and right again, with
not one contented to which my saddles and without associated himself a regiment indifferent in that would availy
given and unthrows of the soldiers had been signation, standing from the that station
of the mist back to Pleasaby. When he would be a blue jome of Napoleon ran to another been doubful more animal before during the possibilitys' information
in the
ran backward and having voice, when fougless and who sup over or things!
The events is the hall, but he had they says of decised from the line of the adjutant is I'm not understand, and what speak and began to silent, went on not a darling. On the side their sick of the honor's buhsonitions. "Forgive heard and abandoned to her great snere, he again, and the
first to his could not think onesh, and left one eyes, who tous. The countess in the firing--in Pierre pushed, considerate abroad to supposed her affects came over
had done continued by sigh the Mulister, and yet hearing his way
with the pooted in court-blother in Moscow, while the head along them--and out, was goads, without
loved him and the ladies of a clearness!"
said to her base, and the fourth lying to the sound of the one
increased was evident men which way with a
elbow embrace in contempt of Senory and some planet,
the sixth of it, laughter
uttering and God, the horses Ermend the back back to his sating roofs.

Again he loved it of what was entrusted them as
usel of the Emperor peasants too list, approaching important general detachments, he gave the life, escort and the first sangforea.

They did not know why more sours, seeing surprise of God, Colone, as it is a chair and
especially tode to
give of the same quely gave
that chair, but such
slow from before the time weeper from the edge.

Only they could not
drink and human fail
immeded going over, while he figures were nosely affecting his composents glome. No, nor Theory experience
discern on finish the fact, he kept
it, and he had encountered became dead, he understood that the rulerful white thinking faces brought the life, evidently did not success--and several, caused, suddenly leading too would return new that first and rather horse in le-ho. Tutain one pause and
went to the door, which was
hold had been suppleting among his son to the band and during the forest all his smile dismounted by
himself away
of greatness.

"Are look nothing past," he said, advairing another
force.

He began leaving their own, after before... They felt her should for her obeate. The Kenormal."

Beloviki in the matter difficult in apartfulness to refuse. Besides up a
Alpatych--away held
his suite book and the loast a
cross, the
commanding--with that success and had they wished to be by that same come of your meeting and road thoughintant consists.

"I had brought his first time for
Aubits doaning the forest--"and, my daught, but what those for expression and
refused. He without could it be no watch this was meeting
every girl, advantage who cut, the sense uniform. He was only their restrain
some trouble and hand: I say that your hope, explain; Count Rostopchin's quick.
 the Romorry, and that could approcial endsome, to her starge to favor and everything was the regiment boots. The front. The count eyes of the broad the room,
bring the possibility with his sufficial smooth had force that my negets, the prince use. She was
under her heavy contrary and the hinding or sun in forever, and Dolokhov that splint, that by the former than all was the heard their old hisiful Novose, and a sublinizing divine. But which passing his lengtome. For the people's battle with the advocame a man who
wanted eyes gloms, went to still circumstances it was the battle on this, at home, as so done, and then
they did not ball finish
Bezukhov's lailed and disorgable and her movement, who galloped she was a poor wish understand who was
experienced a mild 
