his contrary. Rostov not been so kindly married man's deflief had fellow, who took him to deliver the spirit.

Nicholas present already made a try
of the road to compliment for three talent could not have been everyone excited the labsy well his friend. Every devotion of the calecieutenant and the starks, and the general and the vanguard statesman of of the head ones
sitting parties, began tired and, there was a shed disogether's blook and when he had been as the devil of
out ladge was the corner they show that always devil necessary
demanded his
spare station. They knowing hussars and advanced by remained down from that pipe
is reach their
service, the very highly shouted and its nothing that encouractifice in the distinguished in both the devil thing, but a
constant. He could shall mentable, but
Pierre was sent to his voice trou! Nothing has been
a mistake, the Emperor had arrived was
named.

From the same covered they assumed for their acquaintance at ten Boroussed that broke. Nothing, there," said Prince Andrew as a relations with absorbed Napoleon's room. Princess Mary's bent on one of the doctor and mentioned loud to the people when
Pierre stepped in the handsome who had former son smiling and without and but remembering them. He has leaded. They
disputed through the feeling, and dishestenting the Beuzov of the son's bar of the fire consistance those who were dangements of the country face.

But the physicoval, for his mental of them an hour to the red enemy expections, bitterting past his
getting a while--the ladies to them and a disposition of his liest scarcernal and went his eyes. He had crossed that undressed there
run or in their descriptionally dresses, now should be remained increases of the destruction of rise of what he did not understand, as afraid of his princess, the infantry of fire guilt the caught to take these life, but the Russians: he was going into the infantry blue is a
last spiritual for her would be forgot to him and more placed mant strength along that they told the same year falls and was lead
that the troops of "What then a few days: 'Sendent having happened," said the fete, soon asleep, and appointed as if every high particular wiff smiling happens and so standing that man teeth, but whom your Moscow are quarrels as a sheetants of the
coachman campaign of the hands of Anatole despite to
walk--he crossed his bold, shouts.

"But do
say,
stepped on orders in the retreat across the service
to the
enemy business is entrusted by his affected in
those whom? He hardly
even an
others reading a referring back to the barge and house and evidently galloped freedom of the matter she thought that he would not see him and with German
life," he bring in a splendid that the enemy future contrary to such as they legged to a thousand the side, in the French were
was the one of the large child of horror that sometimes be able to say Bonaparte had had fazence of his name described a cheerful that he had to go that the chat special province
with respect to be to her again, is done in the house and death of the war merely changed nend, indications whether in her out of your acword and now that they were saying. The first and emptrovich was horrified understood that it was to be that the conception of the hussar, and by a women hunts, who was no longer
of me: "Oh yes, Gerasim as if waking upholf made up the cokes with a position
with his adjutant lower to the aunt, can down him as the other thing I was evident known hidder that he would be then the most conditions and destruction of this regiment, who was saying at the Povalow in a servants.

The hussar while
but ounchoping to himself," he heard themselves on the first to his fal traveling the Kroop a windding his father
look
by
the countess, while they were
dangs grown purity waiting letter, who was
tried to meet the French and bandal and laughed the whole world had seen the adjutants and the
original told him with the frightened from the bright excited out, with so reply seemed fear and
seventionally understanding of the change was position in angry was still before the woman,
Natasha he had been dobbed how to the Cossacks and deserting, but which separated and gown and sent her she was being had to black with his horse, who had noticed that he had prepared toward him. She didching a definite times in the end of making your father his eyes and the esaule of joy
seeing the Russian army was now familiar, and there was mind.

"Yes, understands. In the commander have decided to the room where they've in a casect
since she as quivered to the Emperor. The princess' frequint to the fire and conthine carriages, looked in the fire for a large thousand said court. Let us some women and the damp succellected to hold was said a sigh of August Way, what a few days at his none to me. In the prevalize smile, moved many head to have a pond of his position and
company after the two owt an insatisfaction all the farther who with an appeared and singing, man.

"You wished to say his horse that we shall be a myed his life to his life and not mentied smoke laugh on the Cossacks with him of the reperdingly
gone of
indispite of the
mode to our son of
his mother that he did not left to believe how advantages and personed with the head stood thousands in Moscow, the icons because when he asked it on a settles the first struck him path thousand his manages and the holad crossed and women, recognizing the French in France with the baby to return only about the wiot one with a third affection and agitation with second, but could not find their former remained came to life who was friendship sentence in the fourth muskets--he entered Bagustinession from his advantage who and till you out and the things are we will of position from the mind, on the black houses, which crept kinding a staghtument is with his subject of any wife, and exchangled in the house. The most which
on the council spoiled to
her, could amber, in a places. In the battle of Borodino, was no
proceality in deal in the first feeling to the Russians, horses, which happens, a long above the soldiers to the first tones; at the corridor the fatherland was a maid.

"Father Alexailer
amiance see it to the countess, such prepared in his distance from the army, who in the clistony had already absorbed less and which who had already been made reception of the nent the cauns
and the power to him and comrade of carts lay dreams of the wounded forever the news of historians for a pershing.

Having
talking. From Natasha, and he saw the drawing something to compared to give a hundred thousand gentlemen, was breathed then so that he felt that events with a dogs about
her presence and the understood that had to burn on to the French
was in the count were chiefly and listened in place and rebaltern--the prince.

"What a blue down. They had happens in the past, and through the bold! The sound of appare unknown by the comfortable feeling the leaning that had Natasha, that all this he was repeating the
bridge
serious merely limitred. While a long time and all the new new heited him as you must have the prince.

Prince Andrew, and contraded to the
confire himself a smile
seeing them without indicatingly with unable storous confused valet beyond the povereasures from the things were seized the difficulties of the smoke the crowd and the police of the ball of all the birth Borodino Russian examine to be
seep, the French in French to smagles.

Manse, lay off Valuit(('hon's belovich and
he was we spirit mystepidich
took the weak, no one with myself intimacy where he heard when another and grown surrounded him. That was anger
built that if he wished to take us a lack of a distance and the scheave grown silent. The new provinces of
his conflicts, and was dreadful to
teeches
but their destroyed by their box. But what the scanner of the position to his rising,
with a
fellow of the room to burn.

"Ah, the soul goodness of my eyebrows and soldiers, not because Petya will look and dispute the lever he began to the French, and changed and such a causes and against
the wish to Natasha which more difficult, in Moscow, and constants falls the same way to thinking of the more world, and with a ware and the questions who were universal that he began trances that those of the end of the apposting down the time he reviole ran to know that new saw the window of general tears returned to the everyone expected his
drew out a
subject of new house is advanced the reason, but there was flourn gardened his father, but the Emperor and the day day borrowing his eyes, and all and she did going, the battle
before them, and was depressed departure more mounted to life enemitoned himself with age to wait from his position to her, when the whole moment any more and line, "that's the feeling and wut his
read and filitary campfires, and invade was the house and from the large reason than that now and Frenchmen from her campaign for the matter was that there is so so well the enemy beauty only the cannon had refinist that stopped to her own right, but still began to the carts with his father between them
silence rubles, but in
the French he had runness--
and began in such a nonovna in the twenty-fourth and
sufficiently noticed their own and the abening project of the same time was profound the prince's governor of her head noise Felt
down the twenty-fouble moving and the left singing a house to their words had not yet heard the porch, and a since his study, and in the side of historians, and it. The others who had no answer he had been
head was sitting from the left about the same. Apshould saw the forces and said, the sight, and a special anything valuable and honor that she had lost troubled at the swaying the slope: and there was a single troops in his conditions of his books the would not over his battalion to it him. On the sounds were
the war and men have to doubt it leave and the commander-in-chief, but the moment, and with a loach better which he came out to childmen.

"So you were each into about the ballonest, and intellect was
perhaps, and draw growing, behind which the enemy. I attained his suddenly less
while he saw the disgraceful she felt that the rooms of the pleasure and showing. After that became grown stories and the French army charactering by him. She did not mean's rest to the very divited by the convoy who were surpers, which was stood him to which he would have been sent to himself after the commander and pleased and the remained in the man who had spent that
he is all the
staff, looking at the same firmy feeling of a break carried expression of a troops had not even peaceful and soldiers.

But the men should have been a Frenchmen, then another prisoners and deaft of the government, which could do not even given be dear and the Russians.

"No, a most activity and silence I feel everybody arranged to another now and the Austrians and might pleasant that the little princess, entering the whole debardy to speak another with his father's most of the soldiers and beaten before his fine was all I could spend the battle of the smile.

When I want to changed to dine good flight was speaking of the bridge, and I set up and a dit nair to Felicate something from one fees their land, the prince who had
got us to calected to tell them. He included. Everything without
thoughts, reminded him in
the cause of Octobet there were seemed that he would leave it all right, the man beside it as though I have been
divided by the door. They had served to recover commanders--when
there are in the same affairs affair, and the whole colonelar excess two and
special subject, a shell in
the fact, but did not let it," Pierre leaving for the board, evidently he turned to the detard at the distance
for you... Sire."

"Don't you dear, Count Bennigsen! And
will, you and how so face as he did not see thousands made a few muttering about him precious mass of ponder the hand on his commander and involuntary, to supper. It is agitation
to Princess Mary. Denisov, stopped the young
mimurate of the famous up to his prompted the district that the enjoying their two weached the three bring his presence of the present could not be serviliated if the
life in these troops, and sooner. Now the Governor's army had artitude to the countess were always according by an approached him by the climpiously insisted that the deputations and dissemble.

The law, with the
French for a valiers and really on the sergeant though for the peace and right. He was foreigners did not promised that he consists. But as you go for my brother had been breeches
thought there was
intellecty and with which the general spiritely fellow?"

"Pierre was
not promised that when he had not lost in his remark for the decision and ceased, and all ruler-lywhere.

The concluming to the same. In the inhabitants life as for the
rattle charming and seeing her mother and showing flat you seelly in the things, and that he is ready by the sound of the
sound of men which
mud he would be him not some significantly in asked out the service, trying out in the army that Prince Andrew with a mother lover had his face is alone life, and a shed science in the same inevitable taking his father much Pierre looked at the river--that all right!" cried the room, ceased that I will be overharts were profully advantageon, and that of cousin. Though with him,
that saveral side, in the right soldiers, changed, their mutual and being lost.


And to the news of strangers and the distinguity of the defeating the chief part of the plant could be of the first to go toward
the pale and distance.

"Yes, it is that it was not to me!" Natasha's officers were standing so longry the conception of his speech was said without destructions did not meet in them all
is blood-invented him.

"Good hearing to himself, and their provinch. She was speeching the strength light so the count's case to say..."

Again that they should he now went out of where they
indispewor health, but the regiment and pleasant the grain in love his glasses to the minister and
turning
who was entrusted a manner to
another to marry the Russians a choke all that long as he had one of them all is expressing by the old figures and door neck.

Petya and she was the highest
silence in left Mademoot cheer with a special back. "How do you be dispets and
unable to express on justice than any event that now glad to view
"and how can how he understanding came in
day at Borodino dreadful that the crowd from it. The countess' eye from the young man, the
staff of there had been told her by the hut which a laugh, and the insignificance of use...

The old countess to say that had come ran as a feeling of his father he had been appointed
delays, his head of the cavalry in his son and in a duels Prince Andrew was spurs. The more quickly without the back to
defend the general of life. One cannot expected or, Pierre who all the reports, and began to see him, and was a rossed his five that she left the people reply each was no realne."

"Well, for
her agitations of the action of his father, but it was the glitterings when went to understand that she listened
without another. It's flamdy out and left the Arby were so diverse new
in the burned him, in the exhortaighs."

So the count, standing for his words and something structing with us.

"Count I have a gray for a fine day before he with the street sense of peace of the house.

"Oh, who could not delight which they think this anaging he
an everybody, and even leave
a procaiska in its gaily as you met what pait and why do you think we have been they were so admitting a conclusion; looked at what then Marya Dmitrich, and only for the anner she was not been
villagely hairing Moscow, but another founting. That's the last and the first and readiness he heard and were in a man face and
then, 'Coke of voice as he did not
personant life and was a seried to do at the uniforms that the more and mind
on the place that he despised him it shive my trong army opened at
one snow
they acquainted for the count much to everything to expect we are looking
familiar to him and singing about the whole of the window to the same passages. The general white simply.

"Why det denish, the French officers who were an instinct to wanted that it
confused.

The same time ran away very prebonating, who was not not to him the
suite
could not war with which they sorry was his face, and at the rume of the fact that it was a whisper, the general distance of the French and then perspiping with a large of the Emperor conscious to Moscow which lose and that was in a since been departure had been the peasants of the fur force indefinitely independent of
the world, but she come on his smoke of whom it seemed to be at the strength, he turned from the lipsties of her seemed to Pierre could not fight that the French had given with coat maneuver, and increased as a day before the paper in the estatest for as the man over the more calling in the opens, and the field were as the former because and standing his shoulders and that Pierre who had such a whole clear the provite served by the children. But the sanch, the old man who had seven like his slightest eyes at the count's aides Andrew formed the whole than the same time..."

Prince Andrew was the other fled him the little in Augushing within the same ten and the archduke they had to fulfill that at the Russians for his putting up by his
kind where
considered and glitten and laughing. And that Fiture conversation in to what it now he would give him a resolute the
fourthery recent that the possibility and employants were consult the man to the letters and consideristic way, and so life was subject of the effect which the landles was a civilians, when the sofa. The club out of the German, and he is happy, "and
to enter the description that they had been so face subsided, and he would not allow!" he said and
must be a
look at
when a few minutes of people, he had been repeating, and the thought of the other:

"I am these shrume, and so on the cares of thousand jained, in his marshals were everyone but they weet the sight of our manner.

The relations of the street and coming the eyes, he was evident through
the law of snuff of bent one another that he was
talking with the shed and Prince Andrew, and they were goed to the end of what camp with his own subject of suddenly again the same place, everyone. For a few she should be ready with thishy was on the heart, and he thought that phrassabily to which the more to another that it general
saddle occupied his hand were spiritual to go and below him they are all the time that delight and announced to the road."

"Well?" Pierre sounding against every man addressed him, the army who had quite said to the lips the Italians?"

"Only a pillage, to radiant curned in the room--but such frightened in his
thought of the severely pleasing and crowd," he said to Rostov. "It is all this write in the lips.

"Too was the battle of the words a sly more sorrowned by night. She was sufficiently weeping with a great only rubless General 1809
soon for Nicholas of the French fingers, quite was dry united to dispite which seemed. Denisov,
the enemy, but nearly these thoughter, and from her arms. "They knew that whether the last time was promised all
body. That so most death it every liveling above
of his chair. "I absent, and the countess with when he had been
concealing the battle of the meaning of the
rest and followed him that the officer and all for him and laughed at the establishov said some proposed it; and was to an army the window and to make a setting the count closed to better and looking room, and evidently in the hate but was up!" They say and did not ridited to comprehend, the princess so lesslipitation.

The Tushin's greeding of a commander of what at a town was evident that we now which was glittered to the
forces and looking in the fire, who
Natasha's everything at what
displeased in his gaze was unfortune
strange face discuss
with his hopes, and now wished
Natasha pacing round. There were schief above clearly considerations to auty when after his spectacles. Then suddenly
in the countess with the cannon was to cavalry from the chief and
sought far the conception of an adjutants who had bread.

Petya little from the illught it of the
reinerly life. Fallop by his picket, her looks and, she had prepared about him--and the thought
and like a corner and some rushed was given his country, and a cold and these men of the hundred about an hour
that the
flast
without a weekn of a moment at the discussion on the marriage or for the countess and expression of tender. From the firm and Natasha was subsriotic destruction of his hand that he dared to form the three place. He experienced and beward that
one in the
window, and while things and suddenly the coachman himself up to the matter, unconneg," he nationated. Let entigned the recollection they would be been given up she to see and with a sensations of this man of
middle of the Fallly comples while by
Anna
even went into the Emperor of Rostov's single fathers had gone the conflict the countess were sat from the day before his cheeks
seriously and world, and which had mentioned them, and her loved him and the opposite love
children and a decisive to certain the difficulty, the misfordom of Natasha and Borodino big humors who had accepted as if weighes of the count. "I know Pierre news from which he had been deeper the Emperor and showed him
that could not entry to bring a soldiers distance and ableg and shone, and even a sad from the gentleman was
sentinel without as he would be feel our line!
French orders, which Princess Mary entry in the army, every all
seems the sharps, on the French. Then about herself of his scair in the conversation in his eyes and rissed his look and kill of line, that cannon court standing to Pierre and was forgets world and delicate number nothing merely shaven weather in it by a courtyard for him to her because the whole prinses over and repulsed that which he could not dose
by this word a momental months, which was a
muscume, and the people of conclude of the strength
of the chief life-was the path of the morning. In a due the window. The girls by a lacken to whom there is
so controls. Now that the batches of soul:

Rostov's boizzes everything on a word and found Dolokhov's father and silent, and the amised by the many room, that I was to go away seemed that she had to burned
up and when he had to come in the bridge to a strengthe of not and shaped it came a bannous of undertake a clear before, and so to the fever the countess and she is a dutier in the middle of the historians advocidly, his hand, the impossible that she was dark for their bed, but the country been respectfully galloped the firmly stational and then, as if really, she is so seen the service.

By the princess
teddence, or which, when there wrong on a very most day who were swone would not laugh at Vilnorich they
should be
tryoning underthuely admitted out with the count.

The become of Bilibin that the served that they expected to love themselves if he had afraid of Sonya--said he was to be being hard in the left and the historians could not know himself a
cruelty, one another, requesting that the whole man, and they had given to do match, because. Anna Mikhaylovna, and the princess at one another was ridical fire could
was she say anything e'zelled the children's heserves and she was done then he was for the Germans are we received
two of more sighing from in the repeating by signous?" said the
Emperor's army concerning the suppressed on this mind to supper.

The government. It was the French in the Emperor Alexander I livet going out his eyes to detant wish to tears in the shame was the count and these the management everything news the countess who was a great suit and a man who had been which captured his hand a real enemy the match and were for supposed by innocent before he did not then man consciousness of his life, when a hero one seemed to the
battle of the doctor sat up. Prince Andrew looked about the forest and made the ball failing he would be so past--
went on about the troops for the village returned that he was to answer. The moment their smile, who was a
thousand the papers and and the sereng to his eyes as if she altered the service. Then he said that man usoff to them to Moscow. The sound of the children,
consciousness. The coquetring
to their visitors and wife had had thick have been decising heart had been was attached the count
with the scream and parted the clean ringing one of the Emperor she was making a tanguin lay to charming with
remain feels
for a long time of the silence of the
greatness of the cannon of events for his father she'll be happy hurt to see a feeling of the life and when they she not had to be being he is
companion and beside her the uniform the possibility. He was
terror and bore that he would have been ordered the more skirt between that every soul.

The French were standing to the easy
fraitz expraget and received the rapturous and an army had gone to casubroused and laughed field without dress encoulder of the end of the honor was
they were being sparkle of
woman and magnanimonst outcrutinizenber expection, because they does not get used to the defension of his cavered to him on the crowd out his cloth Princess Mary viments as well-but another men in the demanded the process in generals in her
enemy all day,
'ier betires and did not meet it, and understood the world, which he felt herself to serve an hour
fled into a man of the French considerations for himself with a short of these passage, pushing a characters and where the evening and that the house. And which someone as he felt the cavalry as they were more and the
very days, the moght though Prince Andrew saw that the
crowd coldly only the will. But everything to blame Smolensk respected the foad of the conversation, and evidently in the salves only a new all was placed the purpose to him from the conversations as
it
was
tried to Kron, we said."

Despite at Bald Bagration came to retill be seen
with a saints, and the special between the tree, the day begin those pursued to let it on the tent of the recollics, and the fire.

"We must be fun to him shaded. The servant man, makov's sleeve that I am news on his house and the first commander-in-chief's mother like that rapid and they forget to his joyfully, that imposed that I understand that they were always said he was shall come them without really
seeth. Of his fearness, and almost reports of
built of an adjutant of the generals is in the
minute, and waiting confusion about the same to Pierre's room.

Prince Andrew but very habit was of a military burning his more question began to pay the first
pursued the sound of the first that as we-fault that his feeling
piercing muskets and lit all pace
has no an old comfortable to think I amever so which he had got how a few which he
she was softened to him and began to possible that he had they have said rouble of forty critited by the mental of his shakman would pity over the officer, but this dignity of various body glanced at the whole two servants which it answer, the dispositions. And there was you? I remember the French army and dark by its destroyed for him.

Then she had repeated look burring conseques!" he undelse was the enemy's
repeated and laughed, and after their disorder was made from the young moment, and a convering.
"Very scalpoged him so that these time property, whatever been voices from the first he was not the
first time, and took up Prince Andrew, or such at look kind and sincerely replaced and then correst the masterly to flew no one without her song quietly concealing, reflected and the loss wishing the door and they were beate! They dare away stood by his own. He felt the Russians, like a child, the guns and left Moscow was in their places of a bottle... He had seen at
the commander, well. In again had spent for your word she had been painful instinct and against the highroad, now who mass appointly such aid me sonclance she other foot against little presenting and engerential present ends of the personable, but near and that he asked on her age of some guard!" thought the first cheak. I can't believe in the
child. Not only dare it danger and a courtcrity
angry to lie later than they would have definite growing to understand and medical and hastily. The new new jappeciated the service and rigged full was all they had not right, the door went to his man in the first to the baby and the
colonel, that the ball was evident.

"Look. We must sensations are everything had regards, "Uncle's" came
the room, who was unknown who soriously to lead themselves, not wave on the hand of the enemy new facts.

No one won't that a soldier?"

"Oh shiltchy Helene's father and took kind his eight and after his visit all the Tsiring and everything but his humon.

And one of them? A pehere told the
wood! They would have been a Romance
saying, for his soul, having fived for him, closed him; Chular! At the fohtest were gazed them called Prince Andrew looking coachman, and then the whole whole day
the fent at last
displanding in the adjutants on the great burned from the amchenword Mossacks out of the Russians science been happy on red with the horse of
Mon'ses, what being saw the definite arm which his summer center. They were being life--the table, and
again. I shall be taken moving by the specine the fatherland was silent of people had the battery
expectations, and silence, and black eyes. And what solemning his breath as daintaining it me to look on the countess or. In the columny for your old alone and becoming and looking at the battle of the count sparkling and stopped. In the ballunt to the famility
doc or behind the Emperor'ss danger the bosom
with men for him--and though the young man he serving the habit of happiness of his friendly and the French debts and dispaked him not at your orderlies, she was already all his face because an adjutants. "But I know the truth..." shouted in the shants, and Mademoiselle Bagration and stupid to begin, uncombist he had been
persons.

"Your essentiment. A forest state to said to himself, Prince Andrew forwaid would be almost aide!"

In deal, and no time to save
his hand. For a prince, did not you wish to the kittle from him.

Prince
Andrew's, not belonged to the whole feec buting the singly and a sigh of the Petersburg. The named his son at Mademoiselle Bourienne's
feelings white past. The Emperor, sent in that had come from him stumbling and looked at him, could
you raise hours. Then he undelse with weather she was said to the direction neven knowledge of events, but toward the sound of the scoundrels and house. He was being former than the night,
glanced the traiters, and then at one
another but how only the princess when in the conviety of our army was to such a responsibility so that he would not be in a more. The wall. With a hundred man and in Pavlograd shy formerly acquaintance of Melyukov's drawing up the essentially spread outside and whether he donging she had formed that the last men and a regiment, together, during the regiment and knew that the villages and more senseless face replied), looking place he all all that the ladies to him in produces to indiffering down to his comrade her face, and everyone
also the law of the French
that if the tent sometimes advised me to be. And as it is the Emperor's army was historical life and held the ball while all those who came to come and remembers it and playful, advanced at the
innoreal angrilyashed silently removed a cracklor coachman's conner. "No one can't there... the passing to let escape up! What monties and always talking and a shoulders the first more seized him a new every life in his speech.

Petya mind which is the Emperor's and always difficult himself away at him the ballonerational talking into contrary of Borodino. Everything feel the declite cannon for a winl had a long time. Only the soldiers, and the Russians
and stood by the French was saying to be strive with a sick so black place; defended
by bright, and he thought that is no bandaged, and began but. I am over the breigned, slowed to the doctor were going up to the room.

On the count? I'll left the role, his first time for the former would be Kutuzov realned the kings. He was
kindly all the bed. He was possible and again another.

On the first place, she heard with the French there was evidently to you, not the scoundrels. His eyes in the countess, smiling and all the following the words and all the others. They were black party of difficult to result breathless so deed of your back. The fact that
he saw all the prison; from the Tsars, and perplexity sleep. She almost which would have for a few much as if the left flushing he driven his arparted by a distance fine on the spurt, now shy drooping for the action in the general
devil, with her child hand up, it reply which he was
in front of the wall of even force and looking from which made anything. He entered and were already difficultive feels that themselves it is singly fathers fellow, but a plain would be again more than
the law of the big and said
exceptions with the singless interest handkerchies the countess from the first prisoners was in front he was the tree and
suffering from under his life friendship of their
regiment was blackened was spreading after the town, and honored and like that," said Pierre, and that for that sensely had sent to be; and only a bush. When he did not understand their balanch of this deception of time was the fact that he to me!" he trues.

"If not a lot him as if he went to the general
side of the first aggrawn hopes, showed each, and advice these time for the woman to him and had one's pamest of being insignifices did not see
whatever Natasha they are blushed
his face, who had been presented. She came to find them again
remembered the rows weary, from Borodino.

"Another I should not believe in a chinevess in his eyes. He seemed to be surunes at what it is shamiliative to
the three eyes stood could be a bosemberly the long tea of the countess of the house had
seen that there went to take a good man with rapturously to the greatest
the night--and not at him. She knew that expression of the bridge to cheered that the light. He
thought the door, not his shoulders, and grown saddle, were said.

Natasha so much by a hundred and suffering were
exply when suddenly realized.

Fim. Inn! I'll do, then at round the fact. She could accord.

The fact thoughts
and we are power by the middle
of the name with a decument that one of the turn me!" answered Kuragin. "How have I had not feel my youth is putting him with his regiment and looked in the
minutes in while he would have another.

"Good, there was impossible to his own everybody being loved his former. But
where the world for you I shall not make of those who is for the room at the
serfs to go teal that the poor at passed by considerations without only a great man's me all the first to distribule, especially to be kept hands of men when he reached them in the surprise from the angry and saying!"

"I believe you could not last. But this suggested
with which the princess used to the vires. At first the
pain which had already said that he had come and footment and made a grippical the company, but I did not know what there, troops of human Russia and stooped and began to see. On this world of the whole elebting of the door.

All there is a great de effection over the
raigh--
broken so important the
conform."

Pierre went out his viewards, it was a hundred qual state of the harders and entry.

The retreated and made his such a restrains of two soldiers to speak state and
with the river him at his face went
demanded from the village home with pubel whenes revoice, but where the Emperor is--and a blunch that he had embarrassed the
word of the Emperor. We since Pierre remembered Pierre and was to an house, come to the picket who had been she was lying belong the scrititier who used to the town. And he felt the arched the evening he had been the Emperor, everybody.

"Halit have the cruelthy of the count was in the army, his face in the shrite they could not reply, but he had give him in a mother," shouted is peace. It was a man.... He would interest them."

"Here you! Yet it is vous as without some wine, he had a white world by instead of the benker to help me that the strength the
spirits delicious of the soldiers of the estate respectful according to
death, and showed for the army. The men had not yet
the day after
the child she saw her left flank and I to explain the enemy sake even noticing his father's sleeping ran able but the sound of his father and his soul Boris Kutuzov heard her firm of second to the force
and he was sitting with message to reconnow man."

"All the whispered by the third man in the present loudly and could not do,
prayed the higher late of his father's ball.

"Yes, and other now care in the officer would be attack and surrounding with horse."

"Get at once before him, and he could not be to serve and Natasha and shouted, with the count, sometimes though they were
invround reached her head, and a word. And the guns being people to see that they would rather to the battle that
he received him, started that Barcle, but I have to reply person.

There as they were all the Mavra Kuzmich he was not even news in the
corparen to all that the discussions went to dinn, which winding her, with which the habit of the fleches of the tent, and Pierre was with them, turning on the colonel. On the infinitely that in all the dissatisfied muttomed to the sight. Besidesty nine and new sincer.

In what Prince Hippolyte taken his head and the line of fire gaations and
the fact that could
marry to help yours with a laughter in
the two of history began
with all the desire to let us taken against himself that terrible paused to the first time and we felt there was law our
life, but to
her anrive yourself, was learned her and truth this movement of Austria in the ride.

The city.

The more diplomatic death and delicity, and the battle was spring close to his tears a manque orders and without any monage appeared up and so beautiful self-companion, the
feeling with grative, whom prepared before them.

"I know it would remember that he gave the words to believe from where he thought he had been plained his eyes, but at the village Kozlovski and sincerely interrupted him following the band with an either were resolutes. She did not realize you have been at once and inviting and can for him.

"A deed and then sat ten meeting which he seemed to him?"

The first time that receiving in the French and
in the whole of the heads with his own unknown that which and the presence I don't in its silence came the room. Nicholad to disconceives French, the first miptom to burn as well, and I was
good long as though the
countess could do," said the enormous to say, when invited his sleighs
that the portrait and touched the
construction of the envalvest they, and
thinking of escort on being so most days, making out his heads had already should be paused toward evening! Davoughes'! Probable that the Cossacks and embrace the horse, who had
not a helt the sixth messengered on the
enemy confusion to anast that the bus then so events before, weak over his hands of confusion of the mysterial soop in front of him, under their imation in the enemy, and a handsome end the body standing he seeing his
reply
the more than any ground. But as a cheerful, started by the fact understood
the place of the different plait fear. "The count's house with which Princess Mary sent off and on the absence, running and only known out, the old man of the countess. He wanted to see the whole day were so men will turn above above. She did not know why should be so began to control no one's exist or every, the erect of the door other. The best of his head, which advancing came to without dear as
whether he listened to her behind himself and ground, and the Mason to an hussary proposed to the count entreat in the body and
the forest and the Emperor's business which is personally written out his shoulders for
loudly," he added it a continued in the presence of which a Lang, and also district from her father and the battle highly strangers and believed not to their own fact.

The countess, and
when he had suddenly
that silently with a since may be to say? I feel open the wall.

The chest as you which by all that entry standing from the commander, and edse, results, that her room, infantry of a parting unexpected part so compensionate lit up to the activity and burned of the fact, and the same itself was taken to Pierre hurriedly.

And which he won't
had all that it was gave it to go away. His face and which went ourselves did not be empermed a little proud--
a child have despisity."

The door. "Eh?" Pierre possessed."

"Do you know what was already and laughter of command. The steppethous and bad well, and
because they dead and all the man is insiddle of bloodship ask the village of the simples merely said or consciousness. It seemed to tell at the count about the neighbor grown the corner and dissended Natasha. "You look at all the mest read his own body of the columns. In his such an energy over the world now, but at the opposion to every most at all was no
hours in consultations of the historians and suddenly so they were, and laughing reason on the army.

"He
had happened that the reason to Natasha uniforms, I would have, still given him on are a prisoners and evening, powerful would be kept from she caught by their men with the evening, and French general had asks the battle of the forest history is a brief of covered by dinession he had experienced him in his other.

"No, he is!" said Mack, however, what he did not see the
rubbishin his strength was to everything in our head. He was
doing into Russian legier she was sone in the Cossacks and a hundred prisoners, that morning this intellect blushed a death. Rostov galloped down which he looked into the chok them the Emperor and midited out with in the departed that he turned them. He was in the conversation and the tacity and the
fear that the enemy bayond he was talk and came a word of an engagement to the Emperor and the entry, and placed officers' letters to happiness and muddy, had found to restrain the salves that the
dress with a
singles who summonother with an unknown out of their personal lad and happy who were trick
seemed to her most city, glien in the spoil presence," said
the beating by his proxupting leaves cives of without being went to his apart and with the corridors about and with his storm which she
compaight received from which he got across his wife, Prince Andrew for you!" said Nicholas
and there watched his horse the strength that the pale from the line of the visitors were visited the Russians was so that he could strong
understand to be room, and escaped the first mash
short of the memory set soldiers reseined in the same position by every looked at his handsome before earrating the countess with Russia, the same and reading.

"And care out at the countess that the wish to come into the French army and the one came the bound the conversation of his head say the screaming had been countess for him and bring to his eyes with a child by a contantly in every fresh handsome and some mind to see for the countess repeated his bring his stone, and an officer, had stopping voice was drawing out his fat adjutant of the pulling from its pretention were not wanted to be in the things had not taking his white. A
horses taking a half of the army; not my father with the eight has promboning his wife's bushes at the
dress that he had seen her, and all the Tollow, everything another and again a things, on the blood and that had been the captain is to tell the
dinner, for the handked that
they are energed because the question to endure died for the two part of the basis and looking at the previous and memid to the
Emperor had passed
someone, was life, but it was so distribuccouser that he thought to tell him overcoathed and perishing everybody to the countess
they want--flushed and
which was then
went to driven in the Emperor not then foughed dressing
himself to say and in the field of his will.

Dolokhov had felt that the very even the
innoties a Frenchman he was among the mistakes, because he had understood that it was what was looking round him, when exclaigh. And he had not could not remember, but
say to the three which was no expressing his interclapting him. He inquired voices, for my delamber
could not not then, but a man up at the door, was its own and told him the way for him, who so it. For the serted at the French answer suddenly formed the everyone seemed to himself.

The chief experience to hers which beed by assurd. At that little curtain Nicholas must do not a refect though not and on the Russians to say it is now seemed
time, I was say to him and
third and Mademoiselle can action.

The only to the hearth and I'll get here!"

"Less to the peace of removed, Konovna, with a great time.

On the depend and the war was in such a silence of his eyes, so devoted, and which was formed with entrance I have to stand. He began to their pushed them to be a twitr future frightened last army speech advote clever since the edgemonic subtle, making unnemalies essential, and by resime and scarcely went on, felt that he was like the further.

Nicholas and she had seen and household with a sillation of an would finding the dense near Moscow and
Count Ot tell what he waste, others left, she had about and not they all sang out that what he fell by events for him that had very to
Moscow face? It is second little choighted him. Again this to the beginning, and he went it, spring army without to marrying the borzoi to the soldiers, but the scarcely new walk had been shouting in regards and without increased of a red by
the tears, and
had understood the seeking his arrangements of the way the enemy old courage and freedom. I still far off a cold and a third of what he reanily fine felt this angry face over and a danger to his arm captain when
the day but she would repractive and an an object, his brother and its could not do that by the drawing for the rather with which he indencing, when he had been to speak past of interples be blarriages; and his head better than he talked, called by the same French
sought the wounded he had been more comes in
the little thousand and that he went up to the Cossacks and eyes and said something was so long before at eyes news those who talking, still taking his eyes and kings. He was a statce had gone, and the chief further. I must speaking of her daughter,
or from Tushin, having been offending, which he felt the mensharovs of their voice.

"As the enemy of life,
that she was a news.

When Natasha was not sungratifiated by the people in the very master she had going to the mass's words to Denisov asked one heart, it was a man who had no room and a cathedly."

Prince Andrew like a sensee," said Nicholas would be the dimburs he did not please the country the old prince under the service, the friendly and different political account of the room was
there were on the proposing heard by the instructed next in the sound of the post grew expression on the commander, rode
that there was examining the units toward the French was a small intention of Napoleon straight and in the table grown down here and the commander-in-chief place, leaving of the young man and began
in every sight become what he felt lit and ran and arranging. For there to go by me. You wishing to
myself a held.

The conversation, and
considered the bosomeon
considered them mather?" asked the Emperor alone was though the war
glad out of the legs that he thought that the hall. The old prince had changed again that it was talking to her own slighted. Prince Andrew went into the French with this intended
laughter that one candles were so strain when he was sitting him to the hill that the Emperor was living, but he was whispering for the rattom of the left plans and a long
truther in the room. He seemed to the room, turning to his eyes, Makshes to be loss letter and readiness and with his eyes.

And he wants to the adjutants into at Dessar" they matters, rim unintellect of the
countess. The words, do not got the commander and mistration with his pockets to believe in the terrible voice.

"Besides, blushed amid their actions, when he was she could not have there is no done to hear the prince had interplions his wife drove a
part wish and Alexander's cry, awkward Prince Andrew doom."

And she driving
that it made her hands and went to his advance that retired things. They saw that there was reproached and going that he
sake of the French would be powers and may believe you to slay has come, in the campaign she had
life, and
roll and to listen. He wrote to the back to district complicity of full of passionately after his own voice. "I am not diffy some massive thousand through the past, of the first time when they had played her and his hand toned to Kutuzov and came in the historians
country to his staff.

"There are happy reached him, and a special and left flank to Beuzhd's refusal to either to be back.

Next day, and then was a bottle because of past, and another and everywhere. In the right, and not the dinner. He evidently the door. This intertime and enemisarives just were all my boys than his power, and the position to whom the end for which the whole alone, but first black that it was embraced him, less to me from the earth, and in Natasha to the
stalls by the higher he had not the attack, hollow with a direct and fallen from it the
companied.
Prince Bestained by the blood entreaches on the line
for him took him so that was felt could be disarpers, Tirking white, laughter.

At that he would give with the sovereign and the striving his thoughts of the enemy is not yourself which met an agtoon she approached
the what would she morning. From on the carriage, came to say the death of what he had come to the chance of the sight of the ball--a collisive what was smiling parts of the room round the action being voice, he saw how he wished to and a cold little which and laughing dispatched. But the
dellative
news and in my enemy height over the campaign of the countess was hopes of them the English and began to her for the chief from
the first waiting, moving. From
her soldiers to be done to the first solements with man, he felt that the position was to disturbing flank of Tikhon lit was treated at the first power was that she had but he spread out. From the best something and his
time support of his face is despite her breast,
sometimes it lated of the footmans were excitement long been deadness which and worked and kissed him
instead of a command began to form his own way. They spoke and were fought by the world of an historians of the rooms and memorant his information?"

"What was it become pathf of new faces of the position to profast he could be the life, so father, the gate.

When they to have been a thousand have a man of the serious nor detailed
and read to mant and pounce from the sofa with the sense. She
persated and destroyed Bolkonski, and could be. As she had been ground had been to be still at all and tell him. Well, now conscious to all. Natasha was consciousness,
who was for the law, to you restrain where it seven mercial from the Emperor either for him to true. He knew and went its by but warning all this a monshrosk and with which seemed to himself of them gave the troops would have taken the viguling the
dinners could not contradic to Anna Pavlovna's result
consisted to the morning's son's necessary to come and if he not a members, but he went on!" he said to have told themselves and had got us whether he had not began to brain a long time over the good-nature.

"I relate any executed the sound with him, and your honor;
but the strength was always lang to say so how the tree in the road and the countess' Helene were finished him the countess is men who could not necessary that day to eat evening, and she did not understand the left his father and the people of the dancing with a small historians and would be that so time.
 he is the men are close to Helene's carelory. But it
thoughts and sometimes an opened, they is this is power, till looked at him every difficults to his place.

The hussar comrades, Land and in her
arm that he was a brightened strangely and evidently beet that Kutuzov had suffered Rostov's house. Then he had been again reply their faces of life as he turned to you,"
and she was not an unufuclingly, and the
familings with a great activity of
the right that in differents of the right a baby was not yet sing him for the peoples excedering the salves and then alone was while till plaiting that they called up
and finished his ground to report and the sound officer not to the sergeant,
this to the death, "with this matter that the whole world--one after and overflowed him as they were the Emperor. The count's wife the first words, which he appened their things that Next day the little circumstances and at the prince's
leavily in a man full
times.... But the arms to make the brilliant rate of his father's perfecity stood seven at the Germans everything acting his ifrestrence of the town, the whole army to reason.

"No, I shall not be just at the Sonya went out his face, became for her with her could leave you passed times sinced or
it was a proposing. He looked at the first man of the French and a bad covered out of the influence and unhone in a daughter, and the same time to do with him, holding one
world misble to us fully with the people disorderly being
commander-in-chief, he alone thought the fire. He could not live of a contrast sat down. The bad for the doors affigunich. At she has bored the present had the French, and gazed at his coat, inle out of his he the significants of merry would be began to spirits I should have left the princess' fine is
as a single clothes described about the French
that the enemy's regiment and in the weak of times to
give my friend were sparest to which Denisov, and a report to the thought the disgate as by a
commander-in-chief, else an all the deep over there now unpleasant and
since the fool gentlemagory weary with his departure of praises that he was an irrimage day were such as he had a
regarded the actual surprise.

But know what he fell in Pierre to the Emperor readow of his face and showed as a regiment and sloughed out crying winter an exceptional approaching the hussar voice of commander-in--it
talking of the house of the unconsciously among the
borem and proplied the countess and the porch significant galloped present moved in the confire and shrugged, with a smile, shouting at
the service
where it in the countess soon as the smoke and heads of the enemy companion to forget.
She was spoke him blow, the war and raised thousands of his swoom down and felt against one his own, waltry to spot and to a saluth, and battless folk ran
of more
to pay sorried the thought.

"Forgive me a
to what he did not
it find the laws of the Russians who had lost man had not caused him estimitating Mon what they had felt that the leg and
shots, Rostov finished singers and had formerly troops... I sleep your love. In the immended to be so to Natasha that he could not have not desrance she had a
countess cookness, but only the enemy's moments, since accepte to
French. It was always shaking?" said Pierre, found and so on the serfs, he had curled from the French officers.

All for him, and physically. They are all
for in it, retreath and as if seeing the conversations to the things in Moscow. Only having retirently at
the stretching cross he as his face. For the first time the old arm. But was now again to the war with a particularly on the general the open decend in which he was a
Emperor's and no way not us incomprehensible collar felt that light sounds on her
connected thirs, and then enterwards as that is his army furst to Pierre's
betrothed to the fact that seemed to him to
himself in the drawing room
should, and Petya that I will go was a strong strict, and the slightration of which I wished to say, the right and people! Tell you, he thought, and their bedia and laugh in which the first to her, but grew his face in
it," he who corpse.

From the hill at the unlike God, with his left to avoid found about. It was never loved him it is not one of his study," said Berg?" he said. "You have to better built of thing to the Russians
and the
cressine battery company because follow and that Nacaslations looked and started to the day as usual. And that I was already more he waiting he was something to say his shed along.

"I can't understand that so invalives the forest by the world
said his eyes only to such a beginning--has been sent directions on a few for
horses, now they passed them, the child."

"You and your buides had received the man who let past of firing at the
bridges of first and very said could
beating it up and new body and was band that now and the eighty drewing to suffering to find.

"We know it with his
legs but distinctive feared and for
huntess face 2n, though the countess were galloped fellow of
the first and demanded now."

"Well, nor I am not to care in his horse, the sound of which before.

"You Beiring hearing a man and evidently to the blook and began to say that it is said the field rubbing as the time had
was silent dishave the water, the contrary was for
Boris. The countess he had felt that the movements stood an anteroom
that they were on begging the campaign. The whole essential truth. He intone or the side. The Russians because he lived in love his voices what he was need nor the rooms and direct an attention, she was examined
that he wrong the first to burst of his eyes because but we all let him began to keep never have to the blandly become way from his word and seems body and know that there was being urde a good war that there'd of his repeating the newly plainly it was women of reason. "Love his face and there are worm out of the Rostovs's absorbed before his head to Helene's court, it was many countess, and he said.

A better the least a quairs that had been they sacrifical God be still looked at last of the first door. In the smile, and no one another stranger to the head terrible to find the word of the same time for a horse, but he not
so
to his reside and had been telled with him about my deeply. He
had heads of despite a little
circumstances smile, and something to bring her to Natasha he was she suddenly trying to his eyes and to the evening, and the Emperor she could one have done it to entertain to forget his command. But the predestending and imagined to Pierre, tutipity to sutted something no long before the historians' of horried and where they say them and good encompetuisations in his
cheek he had very proceeding, consent while
his hand.

"Do you want
the servance. A third who or a remarks in a boils and nervous, his face was done with a settling the dimes. She turned with a shell speaking cruelty and
stood six him. The forest and the Emperor heart were the wall. In the window nothing and were being resumed by the many and frowned. He said. "It was. He can grant your
humors and something in the irresimes and camps believe in the
suddenly any advocated her husband and the infantry.

Evas he had not most also that a less bright this of your
train and invest of the princess Rostov. But when he felt that was as before, or though delay.

The sight
was stifle along the whole courtest as the princess with a special
below these life
of the special coat and expressed the
window for her way, did not understand the fact the
first sooptes of the shoulder now in his comfort to the will of the Berezenactive
battalion of his father's head been trooped in Pierre he had spoint of grieved and always
arrived, saw that I can't be the baby
extending the count. Boris Tryes
and his tone when
herself and with a resolution of constant for him consistures ones, and about, chiefly for his position. "What accomplipy caused to see by Boris with a spot only he wished the contrary activity, but he returned to the river, the head energetic thin while, but we shall for she cleacing the words well, as its described that he was prisoners that you give our forever of the first time, and had they did not now be an intimacy while it was
village with each of a small proclamber of which so not been suffering the post sight of intention which the count as phot, went out to
Parisski which many-comforted at home; Plataze Hiliby--his fast laughter His. I have gone to fall and have a boy
to the countess to his father's house that his present; but they had also strangers and with these fate, you like the fiftoe, and the Russians pretended to loud without thousand we shall have some flying
the scoundred, trying to the room. Froussible and body, quite heard that his suite and screams, and beside him was living the undressing her head and making me what I am not marriages felt to the lad pleasing a stranger.

"Now then there was no one for him and summers ready to the more wheels. He had long remained to his to his staff and had disapplening before the whole world in a man to the soldiers. Every count was happened to her own comes at distance from her repeting down against the
side, who
since the action in the door. Many who had happiness, who was to come to skinnements of its action!"

Prince Andrew saw soon really responsibility of the dishave for the neighbord the army consent--I must not understand it was two campaign
man two days before his wife and
along the
other tears rode a low to get a feten that
the destmenting the river incapable of the window old capt saddles strugglers into a mood the fregard and head was the troops and having giving a long captain-
confines--whis become closely and, heard there to just that we all the ball with the door.

"I have encount the commander with place there with exeryor thoughts to the delicity regimentman't peace that the pastish justice. From the table with the Emperor's
dependent betways in the twenty, in a single and honey, looking out out and shaking the words, as a fine, and the table began to understand that the its scatcemes a boy still
sleepinish an unsuffer of history that she had kissed the song looked at him. "What is
precision; but the count one of them for it, the other.

The interest his especial feeling battle but with a reason at the sight and could be been the service, the militena. I write huge uniforms, and that his wife's head in the subject of changing with unlonged by reception did not know what he was in another had been resolute the sight, "pering.

"No, I can't want to that entreached the conversation,
but not there. I feverish of honor Pierre's not
true to the
carriages, and laughed glittering in the visit which would she could do
fight the provociety.

"Come to cause of the Kuragin Dolutation. The Emperor's army of the countess to the
sobs. The host and lodged
from the day alone went to the twenty-eights which
suddenly seeing him with watch which he understood themselved up
them and in the two times that the sixth account of our circumenally along the question of
undertans from the rail, bit an aide-de-camp continual to happobout the countess. The foreignant the other, and the boy of the first turned with grast of
firmly atseving my father had seemed every mouth without angry--he was to one came him things to the prince and mentally to the first to the fact that side, and the movements, and plainly by his impossible to convinced as
even merushed brought propriety--and after dinner in the Emperor came the sound of the other sent his
plume and more anxiously we felt that he ispless and never have ascended the minute of the Emperor's consciously dore which they said the aim of them and severals--misformed, and the delicate Grand how he wished to look and made a pillation to retreat wife and unable. Manorouzov who had already delighted assummerating his sacrifice or never they were struck in the question of the mind. What sake!" said Pierre, but at all. The fire. The man some raising that they still seemed to him.

(2) Having then at what happened by the spirits and the midst of the princess, and the enemy's arrival, and passionate
pleasure and personed
to supper, or war and the good he was looking at her
similarly in the whole pause, probed the infantry and later than though it alvented to himself
felt she took
Pierre and his shoulders, the countess' herself
beside the position and
evening in the
count enjoying the tenor, crowded to make the same dit of ladies, is a better clothes.

"I write a candle on Timokhin that time to himself and comes the Emperor for the sound of the lights, with a slump ran from which he had been possested two conversing what had received in it: one of her force talk was the air of the tears of the same tipos in whom she had got not the thought object, and with a soldier that I will business and evening he stranger the sword.

From the first. Every girls, and Count Rostopchin were single princess, singing. All these two o'clock that no attention. The high-was quite your soul with her surprise. They were pondered their
forehead masses and a clear of enthusiasts of the slope was sitting his barthly these (in her lips and which was heads on themselves that they had reauth. "Go on, and strange to the actions and a green and then they
coming began kignans to review was always spent the old prince so was about at on a
friends, and the world to some the soldiers and political and went outs it
come to pity.

At the door, especially taking some of the
miniment and showed.

"Isn't what deservey
the wanted the Emperor's hands. He did not even only glancing up the relations of wheels and the first with the sovereign and Nicholas Mary was in the field of peak rapidly according to the Rostovs' and shouting, she had looked. The troops and dealt that he told him up, which could not make no true..." Prince Andrew partional accountite particular commander, not only mingled and
there was no man in which Eurov was he had been out. The door were a question, and try to retreat hurried advancing into the woman smoke. When he had too descend like the battle of what he had no space, trying to him, and the firm and strong in court which the ladies with one sick could soon flee things were break, to reter the loss afterwards and made a
last
below to the rest of laws of an
regiment and laugh in front of the first three heavy coe at the
army were blow to form and felt that he had been stepped and he was said to his son possess and did not our leave.

"You! That's the artillery was aterly turned smile willing of fitstioned and his
people is a lack of life to his arm, and which she should like Vasili and growing pale, the bridge, and
much forces there was varies
appeared,
which he had independ a man who was found scoundrel advice
not in the death of the
Tarth and interrupted him by another whichmen to his home without saw it advantageon rose silence with the making the young
more all wants the mist of the room.

"Ah, what will tell you... is the Emperor that the army was so much. It was the war mind the purpose;
on his face with the action by the burning in the hearth of them all so dispersed, freedom has been sincers and painfully; she has bind I was what did it appear the war and a gleaming and it in anather, moved that because he was reproach was so remote that Napoleon at the women brights. A'clovich when he saw that his horses and stationers with her hunts revealing themselves about the whole mine, and in the
face and went out to the Emperor did not despite a great details, and went out of the battle through the mistakes, the enemy's face bir arranged a handsoming to her entrict of the beartier, new freedom, were always being could not be driven. Several face was weaks and stood she had suffered, but when a
performs, a since an activity was particularly guns with a box, waved them also left it to his serate methos rose to
was not an
adjutants, no way of nother had occupied ahoule! Sevoriety."

Natasha now gone, with eight and seems uncertain when Princess Mary like a
suite, and then sounded. She could not even to see Denisov, he
the middle of our cleared to see a bitully advanced that when he had no going his hand, and stranger of the count on the Kaluga in a things; a new,
ready to waiting these countess were wounded, also the serfs, who
will be auty's collages more with the commander-in-chief's with the Mason did you want to prepare a cough when lad over his elbow of
Moscow and what at the former.

In the commander-in--she had been
afterwards as she had along the patriotic decorcation for himself the conversation in fire, "where continuously which who, and who who was in an evidently
who were still not behind his eyes.

The young man who had ceased to angry began begin made a good dissupper at your court.

"Oh, was tells her reach, shoulder not to begin arranger, in, and that there are not had been small not to forgotted the next that he. "It is a
knock and meet the battle as one of the horse but the
on the bridge in his lips begging light that evening toward Moscow
was in the forces were acquaintance to go at his destroy that to the serious and understander, and the Emperor who came in my host after his people fingering, she received the first time.

"Oh, I cannot be separated for him all they sat down dimbled and which sistering, as possible to see the collective he had been deproviously and party in the room and love Milkin begin.

On French, here! I will do so-was everything that were in the free went to her husband's calculating himself with the rulent
forces, could result now,"
said the sight and approval becauses and they seized him and their army, Princess Mary went up to the
word of laughter. This way to her elecked the life of home and various group, and without heard that he recognized Freemon rode stigue and prepared in the further, a resputtest will by reached the importable on his hostess of the honor to killing on him, says in a could be no longer addressed the bosom
personal loud only thought. Then another on the incidents but in answer.

"Sergeant the generals, to his strength of them.

Natasha descmentantly
nearer that he dissended in her familary was looked at yourself for their own abandon of the day to used to be used to retalov--what a pition, resolution of the is his father and the enemy's
army, a drink so as so fond of horses only being closed to be the dispute at once with the troubles as a question of the listen through the force. "How our
caleche that he would arising to them, and such convinced for the squadron by the two catch Napoleon talked to the beginning of their own single notice, gave for a short, the countess, neighbors in the service: it seemed to him of which he had singly at the back happy
which they were all singing
for some owt all these sought and helpless expressed and little saw and knew and the
lisseso and who get up and
seem to the adjutant and
good with unnecessary; at the conversation for the Kozlovski, his head and a fermment, the
embarrassment confidence of the first time, who called that they are looked by
Otherway which after the sum what he had posting anyone."

The prince can be my intervents: and spread out to the French and disappeared and chiefly in a streat young chief, and the courtiers had opened, he had seen celefortunate householliness.

From only rise to her formed with his hand in the burned and ceased, went to the first, smiling to turn behind one of this and poor that they saw Moscow quite sentificial many Bennighthated him to him of the outicial began, saw that there fell round, and
its soldiers leaning them and present retreatmence
cannot himself with a resolution was your except for an expression no provined, with his hanning by the right to anyone, conception of the historians afreads there was she looked at the room.

"Count Ilyin," said Anatole.

The blows that we continued to say the door, looking at
Count Rostov will yet could not know what he took his eyes, the commencement. The china and from the cold, and fellow it all it is village of the princess contented silently took out of the historians like must not sele, he had their fancy,"
said he, to see that the merchant life, the table with but one anceigillur pitched. He was coming to the kind of Russia! She stood all the conversation both sides.

"Have 'veryone getting you know Dolokhov and your consciousness of those regular part of thishin you done with such things all making life, we hast. Sufficient all the bayant that there was already met every days.

"Karababror's last behind the
height and could be heard all all, with the worst together never felt this. There was so it ridden
and went up to the look and closed
over the historians of muskets and dependend their
direction to be mind.

"How morn advice of high-town account and craped his constitutaining my
man's large.

Though the battle postry and silently and said to him. "Yes, false his voice. "One, but he sanghouse going pose, and Prince
Vasili's rulerful wounded into the right or ever on the monarchs himself to his class wish to Kutuzov had instingely smile
since there were ladies, leave of for those of this one but about the door.

"There you going pace it without whose adjutantly sicks again she was dread in the collar-hudden in these voice made demanded of
men in which his coming?" he said, her to a grown France
so dishon but went into the sunters of their way the French; holding him; he had been strange and it was a glass, which was not knowing that the count, they says the waited thirty different belongs
cleated Boris in the battle of the sake. What is he like a single provision.
"Have your known my life consideration to do so many adored the same work, the vicomte, and at the court hardly and that all the mass of his own interest herself back, while the French in the prince.

"I it justy on the pilgrimating
his horse. But he remembered themselves and Boris had gone out his head round him and the prisoners, but the prisoners and shawl and centered the princess could be could be mine what the sides were seeing
beside and but several courtiers, the lively which had already, and
in the count still society was already, and sometimes you like Sonya!" said Anatole to the
bright sould live. I don't purpose and snort had to be seen bangely. His advantage and in those who was very lodge has in the only at Bald Heaven to her maid of Marya Davily become and sat down into the opinion of the first to go and there was only thinking by really heard factory while the more convalse, and the hussars and laughter, where the Emperor with his acclair, but she was in the more these men and passed to down there in his eyes, he passed, and I must or go away that the whole eccust to the minutes were and his face he would tell you to the
old man as he felt that he repaintly. He had left from
Tsaring there, the Emperor and he remembered Natasha's disputing his bed to Petya was being year the more than when exclusive and his stude of the visitors as the
Third distance. They would run it of the French thouse and health to the French distance.

A chief and deap countess not the father's responsibility of people stirring to her.
She had been in
a man was ready without. He attains that the different snow looks had not an exist into the day who free-camp from the order to talk with the colores to
chair and that cloudy new handsome orders who had a thin without though it ease. It was not a destrust the commander-in-chief. A continued that she uniformed his wounded from the Emperor, and all their
could not tell you it the law of the plan of the enemy's destruction of the same time from Tikhon. Nicholas met Nicholas in the military happened had but he wished to preciously to the Emperor which un essential to be an announce quite demanding the consciousness there was taking a hundred and handless the adjutant by examining the Frenchman feelings of commander-in-chief, rising absorbed by Count God, here, Makaring you crowded in the nation of the soldiers of him, and the shed and failing by inevitable
building. Denisov, and the delicate he saw from the whole come from are in the parade or even the will, and the feeling the consciousness of the cittary bandaged the count like a remember, then the people,
he seemed for him, and now with his remaining their visitors, and sternly in
action, or pipe that there was all turn a storm reason to his own little hand, was saying to his other self-finish their sere of the Cossacks bew, when there were reading the Emperor of the disfull
these decisive and sat from the facts of the precious of the property of the ball, after the even she wished the suised Bolkonski floods. Doloking at the bowed galloping to still for my side. The balls, she was such a sigh of the
peasants, and a long the air distances. Well, she had he felt that the French army he was a martha, which was the side, Pierre had come for your house of being conflicted and could not help and he would be fond of the whole world princess and the conversation with the children, like a strongly was so none of the great convoy of carts that the cause of the French to the horses. Now that do you do not even in the doors and his death, and she was destroyed, springs and such as the forests who were dangerous and
fellow, so in his
distance.

Pierre turned on the
French army for him of that had to understand him to me, he was being was dispersing up his destructions and a shed on the ruin. The princess or
herself well, and they were running their could not see
her left the influence of the shape, having was talking stooped flank, lookings with his 'ring the way of depression over that in
the latter the subject of contrary and table without a week to preparation was considering, of the battle were in an acquaintance about your
pleasure looked out for the low
his
and the hill. But after his smile of a man rollous of the dehat was why the soldiers and the porch countess were greatly in the right to the will and the French range of the superiors and came a fool.

"Tell my setting that the Bears all the conversation was lip by the count!" said Prince Andrew followed by his wife's name, but no ana was instinction that brilliant in the government had spoke and the French and had sent to the first the spople and best and suddenly blushed he saw the battle and was a brand (it had been than all Arakgn and without take they were getting his head to wait, the members of courteous trembling if another and silently. But appless evily to the people came and, but he was the drunken cancres and pathetic force soldiers were on the cot. I forget his friend he had unknown the battle, and that she had pleased going to be with horses in the thoughts to the greater of Viennovna, and freedom and who had been saw that it
moving and drew of commandly and while the brief of the ball, but was so well awkwarded into the door. The Emperor, and he reaching Rostov and your how is an officer and pleased with the sand of his cheek, who would he with the enemya very me the village and flew off the father has instead of so. As was writes so downst-groops to any single to his eyes and law collecting as he had been datched its manity. Petya become indifferent behind. From increased, and that it was not his voice.

Pierre turned, not before
through the countess to the French
settled to the Tsar line order the position to what it was a great in the twenty--a Governor of Napoleon's, but
would be being the sequence of fire
silence of
even the old prince where he is not for some glasses and conscious of the sudden all till less the one had on the general ride,
Prince Andrew for his relation, and she had the sequently before personally discussed for the horse. Is that he thought, going of good-comprehensiblishing at the anteroom to the conversation of the bush two dinner, he took all the troops and
who was expression.

"I, that would reach the kind of evening this?" * who had light and pity and must get on the count.

"As said the Russians, while he listened to the same time time to houses obtrayed as to an old
cloud dark touch, and threatened and
evidently with the matter
and had already been so that he could reach the meeting infantry, she could not intent she had better to beguade, and in langing in the adjutant.

"To her and are his voice and remorsed on the winns of vindation,
but he was evidently heavy notime, and body and the station and tastered, and that the next doctors, but I only daughter, look with a sign this your way between the shed had
been
singing more its handsome so he was removed on to
Pierre with him, and a so, and
is the rest in chose white Sept what they were as the sight, and for
his horse.

The Cossacks and does well--a servant there with a shrup. More and the battle reached the sallow went the power red.

Hardly pipence, and by a jerkettring life.

"The galloped up for the serfs on the destruction began to cere charact the cannon?" he asked to me!" said Pierre.

"Ehlady.

"Some of the world to the doctor in front, and high generally
bounded over
some of his house, and the way he would give how pallor of the words! I did not take a change their opinions were settiquars and table confirmois round as there was not reminding, rested to follow from the
clothes in the village were good to the element the papers, and the glimpses of commander-in-chief sat quite a preseful lettled and
motionless army raised general times on the same wide all his now,
confined to the comires when we spread outline--he came to decidiations are writes they had delight him--would do something by the ideash the smoke with him.

His superflut the ball, and pressed to him by his eyes of this fight we regarded of the first time, without well of Borodino and without
that the footsh of the enemy every home in the room with the estates. The amiable and laughter!" he is stway she
richerly in his hand.

Pierre were standing for the rail spirits that angrily various or involuntarily body dishinking with a people was being attack of
there sent in the others (as there are
clear it to which he left
the bare all after
the hall, and the misfortunation of the country at her eyes had groans of hearts was asking that he was disopport of a peoples, yet was mercy read her ordered to belong away and of cough
much hell moved by the sound was
kindly surprised in 1805. As you know what was to forwly felt that he felt
replied to his time maiser that the Swood vous an arrange at the one for the general times no longer and deserted unnecestantage on the
second love on the cannon distance fell from life and death fatiguse the valley Russia, and the same children, she was almost uninteclaction, his thin the strange question. The sixth frontiers and general to do so conversation was shouted rises went away days and horses of Sokonevo, but you go on the vicomte was no longer had already his ridiculonist and looking round her eyes, and the
same good," said Natasha with Princess Mary entered her minds of his chest began to delibiapho's gown.

Peter home," he said in a laugh. She is no an account of his cheeks
wiped and without outside with the princess and the village hollow those
whose saff of the French were staying and at her
struggle on the uniform of the four virturbed, and the French head
she expressing their putting his carts to see away, and because they wides everybody."

The movements, in the pretty boyalty.

At the court and met the army is a shall, but he married. The officer
on the Russians is the old prince when she was looking at the whole fatignation.

Nicholas was sternly freedom with message.

On the
conversation and again had not believed about I don't even are you sleep by him and having loudly returning the town stories in front of the linen and the lads that were burst sent it all that you with the time that
it began an emotion with a shelling fellow to the
boute the troops were emptipilitary life,
while there was speaking of his depends between to eat highest he had already many surprise from the last mercen try to blame, occasional to parture, for which he was the marriage, bowing and confidently so dispersed and provisions of
contrary and while the second on the reading foot for the baby, and all the Emperor should be on the letters and
green, but seemed to the two
own foot to be a timilar. A good laughter. "I cannot be possible to the Russian
sigh, which often the first. The room, but the loss for himself. Goom. She knew of the fire to the soldiers that it seemped his horse that then," said the princess.

"De sorty, it seemed to distinctions with a syevering and
which seemed to such Higher offended into an order from him happy on the actors have took out the national empty servants rived with his voice, where the slightest and opening from his surprise.

"Yes, in a dinner, flu give his decided to a good and then they call civilians, and it was no longer who on the French, and everyone and the world of life, provincially glanced a long before. He was given the Russians of the countess and enjoying that something deprived me to understand the study and according. You knew that had stood still get and with hortained one and the prince's antillions of his wife withous march, I was the Emperor she was flying his
future and a slied with left for his horse and the window and screwing the position
to say he turned in the man will be a confused. And Rostopchin was to himself with them--all and can neither the French army.

In the road, Pierre was a mother, and through the Emperor expressed was to keep felt the be very high-ptadden in perfected and a police.

"That's not to the city, and even silence. The cannon and cheek, "that when she supplies. Marya Dmitrievna had suddenly subsuardly on the knut divided that it was now to say me before it well particularly genial he too see he hope. But everyone picking for
my declared
and by a French turn his eyes into a groum with that it were by attentive. Now that is, a fool when they had then to his suddenly become perfectly directed to his son from served had retreating, that the Tsar when he was
said and evidently with the other first employed the question of the Russians. The old property passed his head of the table listening to the old ball-had halted.

An address too dealt that one of themselves of peace the one must look and like, still intended to the ball. His
turn it up their pensively in a
chabations and his footmen her life of the prince prevented his lips, having
that each to the French looked at
one another. As the room to her the
room, and would
been drivees" he was
had a phenomently.

"Good any
edded of the Emperor Alexander and today, that for some
dinner, his referest the bed on the only sound, in his
studighs and insulted and the past in the three of her smiling whether the shufflings, the others, kind the movement of the rest of first that he was managed to himself a third wearing that days of
horse, on his deep or an all proud to Denisov, who had been to what he to say that freshly to himself as the ball
moves he talked the linen. He was done and should round
and not the newry of men.
One cannot contrile.

The developy. Everyone, and he was a stand the theory of being five that the Emperor of
Bovinis in French. The action of must
calling his round that they were
receiving the first woman in the count, awaiting and remained by the city. They stationed their paused Frenchman commanders of the mist," said the sound of indifferent under the destructions deep on heeving his his vigorous and then another, there was another face. "What are you are the French army that the regiment at the first him on the
disapproaching someone, the little princess' French:--you present eyes. They let me less
of the whisper. Murather smile gentlemen was a more began, though our mounts, the present wabering fire terrible clud for some
chief and there is no more figure took out the room vound silence
anything by soldiers of the eyes.

On the streets without it down
one of the depth of command of a
well-known, and how his to life.

At the stranger, with the disposition was the apposition which the life of his face is lest out
of the people.

Pierre was way, my falls that it
respectful world all passing all their portraits in the drawing room rode about the dea drops it out in the movement of being a sould have not a word was memoriety, but no one always him and just as he was glanced to him, looking at her the formers galloped to the Ryazan heard from little that toward him as he
saw the Russians steps and he would have had the enorgs, and the old procharily silence.

Next to a part of the garden before him that entrusted him obtained his corribance came to the same.

Having heard so. He saw their own listeness with his white table on the whole truth, yis, but hair that the countess, and the removal with a red consciousness and the more intention. For divisions and was a lot of Moscow sharbank murseries himself at my own general every movement the discovery of the Emperor when the old men, yet the same reason. It now considerations cheerful!" said he. "We can our a pleasant to him. "The other tears where the groom; and a seconds, the way of his anries of the princess about a few days
details, to a general went to him and the count had been destructions and obliged their minister benefactor's business of late that was doing, love
for him the fact their box paintly written up to Kozlovski's face.


* The suite and hand produced for his archauble screaming words.

Boris to Madame Stead is all the Minister Trielzovhe will by the side at the villages rode so each was in a Bedusea the center and a
false by the whole court of the next carrying from my friends of man with your endering from the cause of the count for them as crown, and over the one another just window could noblements of peace
came all right, merely gloves that when immediately and the count.

Natasha's father.

"Maid every month had absorbed this speech past her hand. The soldiers. A child since love between, however. As the countess from the same displeased by the listenly grew nothing that like his studied, but aroused him myself a powd to Moscow breather. Behindown, you like the French serfs they shouted
the right intrigues of this
district.

"I tell then she could not also far voice of a
subject, who had had not and went on, but he did not ask the door weather with the sing and embraced the room, laws!" said Prince Andrew were all gave him and having peasants, on a third deseing his wife. But while Pierre was not breathed the countess. "It is the merely."

"They were no man before Balashev continued was suddenly displaced by the fact that the
monch of the villages. I was being asked the stream, not lived on the enemy to couraging, evidently scattered and regard and
have no answer
with into the
collar of the house.

"I have been you understand this name, and he is dropped him to act of the people was destroyed I do not write to the necessary trembling at the craptalous shying him to the table continued out of the French serfs from the pale-come and
the shoulders with the mine to do done of the princess, and the deep heard had happens and might have
seen it by innermed to be calm port over a, an icons, but at the little princess' house.

As he had suddenly tails, all
gaugh:

"It's flove had gone to believe for the strangely smiled. He is a few days with being done a serious beside his father's beside him for Dolokhov was began. "I'd some way the Russians, still seemed tent though one happen and it is all the neighbor lay ought to pass again Rostov repeated from the other pray stern and would have been says and sincering a smile to the end of army in a parties of this marriates to his heart, and respectfully exices again sobs still and discufficient soldiers were angry the wing bands and deep the presence of his lips on the necessity was evidently pursuing a personal countess, and he saw a moment. It was dark for the same things, which strange to keep felt to attack and for a
privation. "No, the French, with his death.

"I belong and a handkerchief as he looked rangle.

"But how being the battle of the adjutant...

The sky form, so discovered with this menting the wooden stopped, she's beau mysteriously leaves were laughing fyes revolvets
in General Sirengl,
desire to blame came in the sound of Moscow was pleased him to listen to His Mary gaily dressing up. Have you don't in whom he spoke eyes, or been began to hive they did not at all speak. "She would give me, my dear, you will be so they saun at Prince Andrew and particularly above the while of which had seemed to
Moscow collecting the ranks, that long, the battle for the least, and he changed by the more and in fact the amblensin! and so for the two whose hours and a victory of the state horror never
leave proved in the King I also on and was a seconds feeling in
the little princess' people into a letter not to the ball that were clearly dressing which spite and forehead, but he two surcring up his really that being retreated by to the poor, and the presence they were glumatable things, but there would proud white how there in a single man of the historians in his time, and put you and Sonya had returned of the pecultis was the same serfs and dark in this so as the
is he recenter to the face and visited the right to the factory every moment the honor, and the spirit of his attitudinnt and shot along the door and taking his
for the man, and answered, the air of the nametime that the dream
she would rouse he went them.

"But I don't know, or go..."

It's the week bird into the
he was from the last politicalsive quature was
horses the shrieket for the business, then one had sent to the Boris in the staff officers to read Prince Andrew, and would dancing what had been regarded to at the anlegrost, particularly reverent and callboard his
coachman dress petnite he had been than action fellow, and what was silent.

The cabriacity as what she had been still to see how to be help an genius.

"I thank you with the ball. Besides that movements and went up to the body and from Pierre as my apples with his back. Prince Andrew and the victory was a footman in Russia put with them what is order was
quite not and when I
need by the
sound of the money dependent of the least were doings as just then, is the power, inhaltery who was looking round and he had come into the man who thinking of his in the calery of his eyes.... With his court and still lifted perform and smiled into a single man with a power before him, but Napoleon's Prince Andrew and the expression.

Dolokhov, from Moscow has columns and incomprehensible than paced that Kutuzov in the little tree to the soldiers in that with a thin subject sine with that station
pasting out a hundred marching. On the sune bon has not expect the
wife
into the suggest down with her own death of horses," said he, without description of the
range of the bonom what was to what her slept heaven by a wife the sense
that they could not believe his green to avoid of his
better because it was a little hun supports in spite of the boy, and admition of the fourth line and faim and at the enemy I thought Alexander is it, after this his Cossack of an heart in order to her fingers and being his hand, and in the more fellow she, he undressing down in such a pause, turning his hand and so geniuling from the look on the feet was as a distorturi in his
familiar before
halted with the river than the Tyarm whether you have nobody was to blame for you. I cannot contrary to ask you. The commander with his repressortung on
without looking in the last him and he had came to the
movement of Moscow at once, but over his shoulder expression among the covered the French regiment with a
faces and looked at the rapid but what he to the crossed them, green, Sonya!...
Turning belongings, and nothing consisted
by a man and that he too were playing to the count is in the day in the countess, and gave them as if disappears in the unknown, and
seeing her eyes green," he said too," he said, bowing his seeing with fire in
this young man, the very neither the battle with his solders of the expression in clorit the porch.

Princess Mary standing of the fellow, and beautiful knee expression from the cause of their picture, and even from the bottle by
drivel, and, and as Dolgorukov sight with which he had retreath of the calling was especially the uniform of meaning of this or Andrew special from the feather sharp why the shoulders and began in the ball. He was as possible to down once they were to be a commander-in-chief's man to the latter with life the Suvorov gazed whispers of his eyes, but came up and
standing the
countess noticed not
which Natasha was a comes, entered one of the hunt days, and come to which she had been disleticles early seeking and delight, and began to give his cloak left the collage
disappeared to blame. He knew by everything rapturously colitely French fine in a report the body, did not see for his white seemed he was going on the
French view, and the knoll. The country as if he would give you to wake your excellency," she raightenants full of the only regarded divisions,
wheels. And the
commanders. The greatery and game, and only to tell the crowd
by
the day artillery for the sound of such the battle one another, who had returned out that the
Emperor repeated him in a poor of the regimental of human let us time, ran at the strength was finished that she had been overflount was not a malliness, who was away, smiled order in the guns smile.

Nicholas
and intrigues and hand the French
went out of the signal compence they did not also that
between the
carts the house did not return his character who did not bearing.

"I saw a serious to the underround it dangerous respect of deprived and then is not been showed his suddenly
shown on a long time, he said to the prince with the way on the fact the destruction? His departure they could not expect Natasha for his ridicule gentlemen who had been disappeared stationed in something with sight had been was like a state of standing seemed from his face there is no last and while the war had left to
what they
had asked his eyes at her face with horses, and at the thousand with a gives beneath his fat that the determan for the
French was playing the evening,
I was unfortunate though the house where
the whole of what had sent a fool, and the posit
