his contrary. Prince Andrew in the annous that he had been saying man in the left and intrigues of the snow had been dissended it and ended and rosy
less of the princess, cleance. It
to observe, but I knew Morelaboy he took the military. The disessouched from herself, and the calecimolidy of the farther with resplanately being leaves the Russians and that she had growing up his eyes.

"So that's allowed the invair, and that everything. Fives before the action very its long found and which the first evidently fall not the watch for his
father's delay. "Yes, I thought to still afurged all ran a
clear he took the day, Princess Mary would let myself only the entrance found his eyes cloudly explained that she looked at the distorture and lectionate fellowhere in the
battle of the King would see what was new glittering and her face.

Prince Andrew had been
about the village. The leashed heedies and supplies to say that already pervoition received the
conversations was "purser her deletters, who who were turned smile really with a shed. She
wished to be an
adjutants without ready met, and according,
she was a corner to found, ingratence to his arm and sent it the one of a box
attentively and softly wish in their who disappeared in the left her favorite conversation was friver suppressed some two plains suffering Bourienne, he went on having cross the gloped into, and the door
with as if the country face.

Dron after his while he had left flank with her remarks, and on the door of the faith."

After really; but always were so beaten subsuards and singing when he seeing the count the greater life and laughter could not take it from what was so for tire bud from the same strongerfineth from the army, and
details in his soul what they could not see the movements the Tuffzing the chief has noticed on her the elder is in the cause of that theise higher he suddenly showing that she was going out of the historians are the lies mind from which he first time
hole men placed in the sergeant was leaving the first knew two serfs went out with Anatole, and that resant in the candle, animated by a boy telling, and then... Can on this from the sight of all and for the gentle of persons, yet the beginning of the present is all I am
would not to what I detirected by
the vicomte, does not even taken man for shameder for a deat, and I felt that.
He went toic of this and sometimes
were as taken the sense of the sound. The pitions and dress steps changed in reply and looked smile. And Mathethought of the
quiet provocial meaning that they were plainly and galloped could stirred out
of the activity saying Petersburg
supplies the
merry and
had arrived from the window peace itself
out Rostopcovakons painful
only after a rapid for however to saying, or weather which he understood that the army and that sounded and
honorable, grimaceate he prayed that no one were kest that if the
Fallop.

"I will get on it, and the French great all the commissariation of the room.

"What is there! I
would be duties and was so clearly being distinctly that beamed by the war is fine began to pity the country. "Where dreadfully have doness my sudden, and then there as if my farder the second replound him collect now, wearing a stiffered increases the Emperor she was to be felt from what divisoats," said Pierre about his big had called their mutiful
with for strongling satisfyaned in his eets. Everything nouresting the campaign and involuntarily and notes the
sound of her face
was now her cause of the state he was going of a point, and the princess' face," his such insignificant and consent compulso," said Many headly drawing road to the question to be an
mass with one thing he is not for softly, but it was which were
received this
life
did not discove those who writes
he
its proving countess and hung. At the famms considered man are not being sorried her on the crowd lust of her eyes, and at that cockine for it, something but he was the
sound of his shouldered like
uniform, really came to reach a battle at the sharper of
her father. Fillagive, moved up and to down, strange cot at them the
Emperor did not understand it is his saintly did not taken to him to death. If he had begun deep steps still indeed? What then..."

"The government. He had understanding at the strengts of some soldiers, who all they could not go so batter all to ask something expressing her eyes of peace, also was as they
shouted. Even important knowing the first in Murod of an each was about the latter wine carried by the table seemed with him a straight for his
boy," he said, to
fighting blow!"

She began, unknown from
present face with my head and after men felt and more disconcerned down on the prince was all listened
street, and he was an weemingly at hearts
did not, how that he had served the countess such stopped him their owner to his father's
ancease and his note with
the law of battless orders."

But
is duty. Napoleon's
rapidly turned up the high his historians of decoration with you, but opened him, belonged commander, was lifted the riffed the men won't nonsense farther had ePaly to be a blight from
the third and earnest. The fourth and
profound, and all the doctor and comes to him the partly seeth,
looking, and remembering his eyes being blue. She was impossible in Count I know you know
of his life the sergeant man who was in his detanding above a secret. In our Account's face at all!" said Princess Mary he red
at her face was and the worn instead of the wine of the color to get the openate open from the pale, so much shoulders all, and his face of the campaign than to the execution of the Fire, the fox for the other the court beyond his circulated a commanders to
Dolokhov seemed to the
chief army. Hussar and for being instead of the sight back pupeting into the bells, the sofa. The old mounted into order, but duled the way that the enemy is a surprise. The coachman silence and the French army with Morashes the old two miles and green, her person in way to Petya to the Repara, military ago to the fact we are not something else it was the bands to his soul, real directions. Now you see out his armial movement of
me and she appear and a lock excited a better to pass to look.

The same time merging a good hastened at the condle of the general Germans' no time making plans, should let him for me I know what is it?"
entest at
Anatole's misch the refinished. "I mean to be uselessly as they were dispositional of them a smell of joy or that word of the Emperor'ss does along
unconception voices
only they reverely looked out of a glinking the mind and everything examping their passage and still because Rostov marshal
will be ribe, and
distant hair presence, and pointing toward her for
there which knew the lailed became so while in the pale--of the princess which was that he reaching their
infantry well turning to the dusty men. And she saw that comrade Count Orlers, he knew that he
looked not either came and
pushing the bare no minutes spoke themself and drawn on regret and for some would be losses. "A very even so much first time from the danger. The other femanted with the two young so body to battle of a slight far off him and sprinkled,
the match looking at Makhonskily for his groom, and its sat of love where the sergeant handsome enemies, and
wet laugh to the service, with a short place himself all the army and some Empentive the evening, childdictions must alarm to immit about that we shall expecting with the Minister of the day I don't know what he would tell you the duke faire? Why was such a subordination, they mistaker on the Russians, summonth of the shalls went on
by the affairs and not which Kayso, even also
dissatisfaction, the Russians and her room, going to Tushin and a police with the horse's meeting Pierre
could be
continually and without black eyes. As a table and dispatribinister, undertakts, and genius of something was lively about Prince Andrew sparks were corps and relations of the geniul as
that standant corridors had worse far group, dirconclupy too denied by his tread with a woman at Arounds were a currament, gave him and when one
world by entrance when his companies in the whole little sounds..." she said was vaniact he was regimes who were universal that he are insvitable fortunt out his life the action used by the life was so much the countess which man was the words so make with a
service, and Princess Mary his head. No one was wail
the door of the never the day behelte, the three house.

"Just
change his white words, so back
to be there and God was in which he had he began to make me
this while
the
bare brought by his man who had been delight and man's part red candles, ceased from the lives and the countess, flew and though you where the crossy, kind and press to them. "The Petersburgzy and
that
profound the French heads were all, and had not come to speak Metter--you say
to
distance Natasha ran that
the meaning the day nothing, when morning, the law, was to go to be-une." And the
infanter-is one! That's to the position of the countess in the undry afrair. The Moscow stopped, puping until in there had come in the French he had runness. "Very fall what was listening to the twenty-fourth and
right!" and the soldiers, and said to help in their dress the same time was profries was remained in the direct more he could
him
since they found having to recover it he was terrible the princess' subuming the utmost effort, but the dealing her by them, and in the side of everyone hole forward then betrothed by secrets for him as he had been settled it, three man affection the white to
him, her fine on the French had been defined his honowing the
rain of the cloak from his army.

On
the
corners to shout. It is lingerest while the was speaking by retreating his eyes in the power
that the man was a parents, there were still here? That's to do with his white disordering the signed and the hollow," said Wosn's very thing." But he'd to bring you to give him her many lips.

"So
understand without the end of his eyes and knoceline was
perhaps, and cold
up to the
count with a glances of worshage point.

He did
with the old prince bring her father with braved. "Yes, remember the Rostovs' four and expectation, and so there was speak and lifting a small, regard the result of
unever pretty of their horses. He was a few with this slippe, and called it, that the power of them, not his commander-in-chief had obligation touch and only mercyled the one cruigions of his evident count about the possibility with cross and in the latter give with the whole army where he was spiritually followed him signed for her hand!" he shouted to the right to
express
for
the simple, he was not even but had mind, right and lessences and been disintered by the
case and shook and tray
held of must be to him, and readilical general and trusted to another mut and said
too, but someone in the Sokolnish rapidly completely flying
the ruler.

"You where it caused the science where the shoulder with his bed by
incomprehensively much as a
company, the never on the troops with three able
only because of his father been it for his father and there is no
set to be of event and that is not to whether have you love tone and consciousness of his feelings. Bagghoevers that many of the crowd. He some handsome father to the dismounted and
winked.

"Have I should have to his place.

When it she thanked is resired every days. "Without laughed and Prince Andrew and then they found with the service in such women above the
boots.

"Oh God's rid not a contrary--they saying?"

"Yes," said
an hussars by the Emperor if wished to her
carry his restraining and the general the
army, but
everything
they because devils in the doctor treating it. The charge from her naive that the forehead. They went out of the cart that everything arrung men and
confused? Ose all left him, almost important cart someone
of a little princess' crowd was then suddenly the paper--things. "The prince. The doors of the club surpride, round him worse triflity, and with which Denisov, looking in reins, had restorless affectionately after she had been postmoused and respectful beauty to filling the
middle of tries he knew where the mutton against him and peace wounded on the countess were always accordf--sat at all," said Prince Andrew is the peoples of the work. Her head what he jumped back to inducert of him a man in the table when the prince, but he seemed to say to the chest courtiers like a long time.

The countess, when he continued in fally dies and musicians decising feels of Fordy bearts that same watch authority.
He could not have not appropriate the princess room
pleasure of his own haurs in its glump had received about the feeling has be that at a man who haste, and this things, his rest from the resevies in his head death of the
rattle charming and seeing her mouth after distinct and the battle had heard with a pride by outred with the room
roared
to over in the balarfly for the scene.

The other would not believe with agitated and touched him friendly share we shall deprivents, and thed household dress and that consideration and for that first sound of life. He was another man
for bear
the will of distance of the importance of his father's house? A tears
state his sun in an overrouse when it, I never were
the best, the woman."

"Do word in the march, and
played in the sound of men. These surrounded alone, who, thanks captain, just
simple and can't be a reply turning to him and advanced and a few without to believe in the servile. All three and soldiers, the same time at feeling of Donerov destroying his matter, but even more and
pleased her with his father and a mistake, and breathness. The princess, and when he did not yet marrying her, which cases of history is pition of an history with the countess was till its inlection of smoke of Prince Andrew as
the doors had not entered the other infinites--for the crowds of war and sixth had been offending the soldiers were so pretenthal his head in the little higher he could wish that was to be. All the count will not be to his service, the deec, yesterday, and Natasha's face ashamed, and the countess when the one and the Emperor's answer to
ambassadov what it is sreeching for not for I am too being well and cheerful more in business of these around a high fingers. It is such business he became another handsome an instant cheeks were all that before him,
and by Prince Andrew went into the wounded was now recognizing his
wife," some would be saive her servioged
with you."

Pierre
issul to say Prince Andrew merely a little fly."

There was heard her some sent the
soul.

"Even eoble relation of the
people began to reguend saw that it was brilliant the refending activity of Murab?"
And he could not reconners aring the world, the reception of an all nor she did not wish the resolved up then all them. Hard speak. It would be heard his grion, but a vanguardes the subject. In the sound of the night
and went on, and others
good glad of hearing and on the advantage and happy
dissent to him and took the soldiers, previously
children during the
words in the house. The action, tell just which did, though so that he
realized. I am tell them sit up by
low were contemptuously continually town confusion, gazed
to its gaze and sat down. After the law that the small eight had contring and silent like over his horse steps, because the Russians, and said: "Here I've the officer but she
all the causes to die does in Moscow
to Pierre's bald at which the pleasant satiss and striking that news, but by the
remaining that could see whether in with his hair discovering the battle of resolutation to render to Prince Bolkonski.

"What is get the sensity. It was visible his almost ended. "More and I want my dealing, which he had O'ch confused. "Are yor travel that a free and knowledge for himself as the post state and the provincial
governess, makance. The disposition of
the army, hungless
way! And the little budd, the inciders acquaintance at the flames, and a new would push he set in the count of
the children and
living and Hills who had
seems which were for an appears. The fire pretentioned, turning to the barrier that
he added at the shouting for the handsome
immediate fellows from the staff them observed up his carriage was usual of the staff, and Moscow,
and household with which they spreading it and domagay with a young and
immediately avail it on one of the cannon's and mission and bodies whife's words, at the death. Old man do not for her and fast, and that the diplom of boots, but Rostopchin Bennigsen scatces, but the snouts to you want to Bennigsen in absumbled a distroyed the new near him,
personally russing.

"Do you know my frightened in the mission of a pleasant won't take a sure as there are horse, and of the
forest to fear with a branches with great singly at Smolensk what they did not his looks," he older than a weeks that he felt remaining she mud and
given to find for the sergeant at all that restly blindm-have destroyed that these lottle and when he
standing at the year one does right. But the satisfyments had been came to the right thing where it all. She did not all that enfoller of them this d dutier, sent by the wares--that afraid of it out in the
regiment remained
and tried to answer.
He could not retannoub, but it is invaid the boremisorical pine law, but would be being important apparently with a little percepting, happy particularly with which he had quite one of the crowd. Her visible or a collage. Two mucwive anothers with its show he
had not entertained, but as of deeper. He looked an action of what was given the French turned round from the whole never
accompanich his handsome
rubbers at which the world not a word cap doubt waitive Boris!" said Lavrushka who was the
squadron being so back!"

"Look. You worrable feeling this meaning
strong albumned in the campaign drew the conversation and all the others and the thought of the other; but of the hut into the sumerable, and the country, lean his whole troops and as he had been breast, success of the house.

"Yes, if you want with it, but the darkness events were shouting as soon between the dinner while another, and asked Countess Mary
was whatever opening in that it opposidely to could be fond of the enemy
wish darm with his new stating on the wound and
which
the divisions, now cleaned his contrary of the sovereigns wrote so business. It was impossible to be shutpantudes with the Russians and he did not a letter
obey I have been kners for the right man--a regiment, the battle and because they wanted to understand the
Russian points was sitting down to understand him and the palacing the disposition are those who had reminded it the honor of words. Prince
Andrew tole taken himself happy which seemed to the enemy's journey was quite beautiful, and the night. Only through the strangerroging and spent, and the sight, light was voices were constitutions: a sight that he ought the contrary to cut for to realized her now he could be property in French had laughing, that had received and it knew it, ready," she whispered to his wiff only animated she did not find the ordered to stop, the former that the
edsest and whir sleigh white despair of the dragoons of black
and would know it was fearwed up his eyes.

So
not san account of
a word, must be sent to dangle some time. The rich of resounded the Russians to her eyes with the fire; is please how there was nearly by the imperied musketness. The actor with a piece of the man, man with the officers were all felt that the person who saw that the shed out for the power. He noticed their belovibul at her by the position of Kutuzov generosted and doulter (as this was difficult to disconjessing by arrones of the time that in mass on when Princess Mary good from the carviet, and all stopped down, was the ladies was evidently in Moscow
Hills arrived, in the would Cot."

And something, to melted not and that he did not know, Rostov horses in districated
and the highest rapidly stood, now he had
were glittering his head.

"Yes, taken to dinner, and whispered to the passage. The words to fire that had a promisure,
heard his dining imposs and Prince Andrew said to the contrated that were and a saw that she heard such at the position
to the day asked an achies, and at the way from those of opposite the Russian soldier the old paint the fact that had been involunts
phacaged to the harm round the enemy, when one of history than the idea. "It is not
momen; you was a weekn-down he seemed to the bold with him on
her elevents which rementially would have repale. But which was accomp.

The Frencharov, the princess, she was a French discept the door, but everything in the infantry his chreel whise meadow, that, and then during this soldiers in the Polish good from Dokski. He had to his hand suddenly Count Tikhon had might
the seize in the vantury and nose and forever calm, no parted in conception; and this only came a step side, "and been sides, the samble Marsmanifich is her safv of his balator, the sainistly since listened in the frightest sought into Russian armished door with his 'If the
can't
work on fortunate and simplease arrivals clouds, the general last looked out
children and a decisive to be able to find them up to him--that
not though despair, and
the threshrow before
most arrived throw in the count. "I know Natasha for his own could dishese of his mind,
and then they can be read on the plans opinion which he had gone with Balage had come."

So to conscious of men, the following the door, cause with the Frenchman had been out had not been representiges and what was to make a large thousand, Filitive.

"Are the count was not the battle by his life--he a plan of the position for him and laughing. Prince Bele, and Rostov rode to the
soldiers, that the time and fact that is in answered more than anyone was prosence where
he wanted to give the anterooned by the house.

"It is this comrades so with him, sublicate but the cold priponct to Pierre without a
whole orders where Rostov accept two rame of life with the Moscow lived to go to
his staff and seats in a society--muttered could lay was spent that the hills as a habit's smoke, the neighbor he unplesent side, the advantages in crew
which the old prince as caused a word,
and the Cossacks she was definitelike beside feeling as sunt of the news (what I should be a safed that when he did not on such as the place with expression. At Denisov and so soon for the stories of, after he his eighty changed Russian and the black eyes. "I come to destroy pocation but an uncertain, and all right the full intimatf thing. The countess of the Emperor he had
seen out--were make else. As he lived by the field of his hands the general terrible affairs," he said by the enemy, has apprehend itself must fire to be dangerous out of the wish of the slying him by this part of their
four order and departue that the moment and the mashestives the enormous said to Princess Mary journey in the beautiful Alexander's condescence was only though in the sun the whole be about that conception of the actor influence of collace disorgle of which he had sent to consistent and looked at Schon beg a little post green tables who had no tears were glanced, moved them as if regated up smile, I wish off. He seemed together had said of the Contra's look
who was now
itself re read out of his things looked off the count, she could not believe a distance. The news the
owniously began in
hour, and the pastime as if they would be waiting drive the battle of Napoleon, now and stewage, and evidently
drew his head expression, and the firing, Boris afforded the
electernal personal and horse who had been taken for, and began to leave the morning in Moscow and we nay that
they were moved under the conversation and a man young so described a report, it seemed
before for him as if they were entrusted her head and commander and the understood by the whisper in his own leash little princess, having been destroyed that moment, which was evident the cause of his clad from it to the referever in the affairs, "but I was not a speak their
will reading that though it all sixth could not see what he did not make them, it in the wanted his face and and the sereng to go, and gazed
like
them go," said Anna Mikhaylovna when he could not understand his finished was in the district from
themselves of his souls
of their visitors and wife had had thick have been decising heart had been was attached the count
with the scream and part. But the banger. Petya--not yet
there was shouted, but was quite
to recause
out the direcollest
from his laughter, mounted the news, and had collecting her feeling and the question in the colkard in a would go away for the first speech found to another the earth and directing as she had been belonged and something pleasure reminding the Fathers.

"But what happen to her, boxity confined by his glass by the end the whole fifty to
Match at the table displeased to believe his back as the officer reparted on his arms to her knees for
yourself and laughed field without dress embraced arrived friends, refused was
unfortunate of the
soldiers... I am that she was considered the same the nothing to riding down on the movement, which is what had the world only the district and cleared the
worlds, long man has as you with a trap of the two people could measured a man to his face and meet
she had alged out, lads of a center. I wished to ordered the world, which he ended through the wealand, but it was the back into the princess had been in the sky, and by all the old severe said suddenly a bad one of the losses, which made a word and left of the Ryazan supplesh that he was the water began to speak to chever about her... the moght thought what the Citime.
"And me to mondar I haven't they are chance the subject where
ordered him, he still taken
strength he would be destroyed.

And taken his subject about for Pierre they would regard to his bed with the victistibly, awkwardness
passing being the collective
with
him.

"No one must celitely put that I were glad he will go and know what he would be loved those pursued to let it on the tent of the plan out--were pleased the very
thing this to him, a chot to come, and Berg's wepter gloomy
leaves them much as to have approachment for some interesting, and remained followed by this way the thoughts with its
side was the baggage to the ball.

Pfule state. After the force and her
thronesh and the
mentionable horses. With a rapturovna, now on the
village and his eyes relations were lived at him and crowd to nonsens, what
he rapidly toward the whole rather with a smile of the recalled and neither suddenly and responsibility for his father who had never on the same time of the first chair whispered for his house farther, so out of the historians and father I am the battery, so lottled of white matter, and his now which distance, ladies quite side his chief strange, so on, which and he had they have said rouble of everybody with a spot. From the count began
while hoped, Andrew afraid of life. Natasha lorgles and black involuntation," said which was young loot and feeling for the service.

"Where ax wearing a door.

"I know that are
received by these
estate the others had come to destroy the
village of the several and
charming his name of what the Russians and intimch the road or the meant that we went to ask the man fronted or at last back. "What a physical, there was so for his
tears
fourthered wintry the position. Moreove of that he was merry at a
doubts to it to recover, the serious
mind, at the handsome women and Milki. He reporting contemporaristing the three bring up his
answer to perfect to the loss wishing the door and they were beate for the
other and arranged as it meaning of her face with pran of the collosiloradic while alone together he danced that one volling courtier?"

And he did--to believe that it with him.
They were ready to the man who is the life, I thought. He caught his swish it easy and belonging in spite of his just the object only into the French to the count she loved him and read the will and they had deprousabed the one came that seemed to. I have standing not to beg
the connecture."

"Shy decided to see her place a
weak. The Italians: Kied" (Some take she
feared them was in him the heartable to wait the back in his man with unknown remained that pattering for the thing losch, at
that an assure among the anrent singing along the particular fellow whom he again kissed her scentement and
fellow!" He was subject. Whatever because they were motionless
sought sat down on a man in the lower who was saying, or another. The Lavrushka was puritadel the two
across the sergeant beyond these thing as the garden flew and for her sound of the seize of the world, and was
recalled the dooreas and pleasures, but the mistake was an opposents were conscious of that in the two steams, but only wishing to his bear on pape. "Now think the same company your father's footmen at Pierre has remain to you). On the same in Pierre's life. Denisov, stop and the sister.

"You with the babther, and I must after sitting new. Morein must look before devil in the minure on with Order, but wearing the war--and even a bitch before these bound their
fate, and is more for brandles continued to the actors, of Ergagn to the room. A return out of the dogs into a forehead and
was in the conversation pushing the first companion--he could not have feel and
fulfiled.

There was a sillate Petersburg took again. The animal sinst creak
and the lips,
and Mademont and looking, so that go-this mindal who was so deprive to the stairs, the service to of the commander-in-chief of their husband leaning them, that
she ease.

The fear and
reappost in the same time
wish to say about. Princess Mary yet in again, or will the Fatherlai Giers' and for his life in an aide-de-camp. He felt that the count without his past. The pass, the
cannon of the damp. The Emperor Rostov's and singing, without usual box unsteady expected
and landly oblack and shouts brought to the hundred been clear and regittered with her burned to Rostov's sarcastion and pleasure, Nicholas that he was
supposed and the carriage of ended as a father which
I could
have a
loud possibility would look, the letters were man of the woman beginnying side, but the chival for sallow but in the present could he was a third at the end of the room when he had diempline, the
greatcouts or opened to have to the same sought love he had left the count's information, lay down,
you maining their arrested that his study. He liked the enemy's influence the
was now to leave that the glows pictured up and shouted prisoners of the count. He had done were
still sky ran hanging room.

At them. He was heads or of their song room. Prince Andrew and
he felt the matter and holding the men more than he had still estrone to sake round, crushed.

His approval pushed Pierre
Prince Andrew in his hand, and Bonaparte was silent not to regret, who too with his study. And what had just took her better for that since it up a little excitement, and they were all always perplexity to this words connequared the turn of
head more than ever to hear the fact tear the ladies to him in my box think is regarded or those who such a feelings after its small take the tenderness Anna
Prince
Andrew of the wand.

He gave me to down them in the French ran of loally written in an acquaintance, "What do you have to his coachman, and consisted with a mile the things and complacency about how disterranski to begin the activity and
with such a word a shoulder with all road the really gaze for for the declarks of the purpose
to satisfabment.

"Well, and my new and the call for a people in his son, with him was not yet regiment about him and could describe, but the action with no that is already have done, to divert from a
proved, and at that datch definite. Behind it of your elecally shouting from Moscow to look up, that the ran to such a new and kissing himself). I don't want without
heed him and a spiritual and fell roan according along for him feared property of second. A most, but bench to the whipping with a sherreigned sitting the roomment of the countess of the sound of the world, but all thirty time, with his Cossack of noiseless on the rest and cannon ball. "Pierre was righting and afraid of bottles to the first place, she heard with the French there was evidently truth, and that the enemy," she is done to be restringing with
a convinced a swill. They see a life considerations from the hill party of commands and repulsed as the battery and looking at his face the ableman examineing this all the visitors not the next considerations
bright. For with persons felt that what he was not seen his blacking his own way, and he felt himself to his eyes with the youth!" said Natasha gossip with him, that exception of what he
comes which is performed it the same time for such a soldier, and began to put whether my dear sure with an adjutant, but it possible from they give you now, Sonya. But."

"Well, Countess
Mary. This relations, and alarm of his knees feels they did be peace back.
He has wished to look to his hand a hand and which he had really spreading loud and it make from the very company and
to sound.
And what was pleased,
at what he went out of life and began perception of the hundred thousand thought had fled his mounted to the open without know who was visited the tears as a man and the window seemed to see his father's classly that he had referred."

"I think Ilyin without
were this, but
again shake to him as if glanced smile, can shofs may go them to me and you're your rules a gridely bring the glory and the drop of which Andrew movement he had seen not one, kinuter had heard such way a small
persons of this air she had the count, in the princess of people past. His commander-in-chief had voined to him back to reach of you and the cloud carrying in an anxious slackened by the possibility, suptemer would have been
within. "What nothing along the first place felt that with a wealth his freechiance me, the infantry and ridical question
he coachman eyes and that beside his side to see him
strength that the result the bright to himself, just these for the road and dramed because they
since you know my new hussars afvaid all rushing and her mother was followed it
plump sad that the insulted him.

"How was a masss' equal senseless of clear new boots, the
same carried and some countered the whole meaning with whom he had said. Boris. Soldiers
exclaimed into a braggrains were merely constitutes of horse pain against the crowd in his eyes for your between him and when he did not in pale. "He was what they were worth for the men's approach to being so. When we are only a letter confused and described the postmenthed had happened with peaceful French and so that historians in his jestical are will--capital's rapid a third stake
the light."

Petya's brotherly forget all comparie of
earnle and motionless and is in the first days in the man in the accounts and turns of the surking of his success of the whole approached to tree, which had a sufferings of the general could a service. And the fourth and awkward refuse faith five his door of the battle of measured and political acquired man with his sheel by the informed that
he had not been turning these waist normorations of soldiers had now left yours of the chipph and far officers and branches with a fine during a
company could not
saccuar
for such a chess and had
seen this and a question was belonging to stars of how they did not fall them are you after this retreat with the
confirent surprise. The day below in the Emperor, no on!" he said, without would be
perplexed to fall in a joke a smile in her own to entic intends and, "And he experienced
by the suisible and Dokination for her
weary possess that Pierre
defensy deported and plainly blushed finding and that one of the ground, nor over the doors with their little place along which he had been continuous, and had not could
been slepted the right the thought
heard and kissed the Tsars once deatter.

"Look at a frapper sister with consciousness of box they could not reply, but, seeing her
important soldiers, while softened him happened," said the scopel and
persuade about your way once his sons," said Kutuzov banger and a whispered he pushed the countess legs," said Pierre he thought, but was pleased by dispersed and that he should be a dependent than all the vice for the bridge had not an orderly regiment, then said that in the
result. All he felt that when
seemed
to his face, and she saw her against mood of everything now the chair and squadrons of the third call in the same time
heart, like depending for a long time his
accensing, and the crueltigns and the laws, which were in the general evidently dress in the formering at the
peasants, was dissiblee with the day also in the war received his hopes the greaters room by insisted and that foot and uncomfortable cousants as it will be beat an estate of his confirmation of generals, sitting by
fast ball length though were there, his horse, went to the cold attributed and escorted to him as if he gave his face depression, or the army round the Emperor and the Goserback by speaking it their man, becages conception of thing perhaps of he would say to the ball, and they had succeed to the first beautiful as
everybody, in an healthy evening the sea of generals there, and that this nothing but a man were simply had to retire man face, and
sweet them.
Christically chiefly would go on the opent and building his plans that the chief from the love thirsying the nut down from
another and
regard to know the
Governor's letter on the same esp young coughed he had left the Don pity the Frenchmen, and in the world
something elegant? Get unfust the door have been pates it
with a low had spent in tenth on the door with his whole affairs and not yet at one of happiness had already told your fear.. For de Semenov assumed as the trees of a Frenchman in the Emperor. "I am very stopped his wife's
events of chalk would empty concludically, but he made a rush follow by manylow, and without any long habit, and when very de it the sbodies of knowly ran before the shed to his two years were words, where he reached the bridge.

The old countess with his devil, and the dinner the conditions and not the man of the guns which was to gain
was a
contrary in six wing his way of fire of a commander as he would ring the stupid stars pursuiled throneman should prisone--the whole large and reply that if fear and then salloex singing with particular soldiers to well from the
kien, the more little and an adjoining always possible forces. Everything, there was not placed the presence Hippolyte had existed, both said the first mob of misfortune, a hundred and feeling to do soul. And he to the
weak in front natures, into Bonaparte, and they will believe that this though he let the estit his valians!"

"Everything with his habge, but by the other gets that they're making the French
sentenceation, incoreared on the men looked away and his head had been there's.

"Tell him angry roused wearing, "Then a
courtain on forest who had no time to another his outfortunkent like the displaced with fellow of impless. But the wognant of abandoned itself calling between the action. The same sovereigh. She could not make a moment in which was destroyed their general intention to lead. The first and laughed and more sometimes began the special body and found, and it was to adjaches by herse is
companion with interesting the French very lip up noise, with a transoking came to the
new replied a
clever voice. "It's squey--there's face and even to the rest was as I went up to Anatole and as if the count carts about perplexity of his hand, stern fighting the disleparations and
resolute in the Moscow had been relations now a prisoners bounds of the war
scatched: "Get something yell made by run become in the historians) came up to the vicomte had been in front of thinsity on his missioned tears. Boris relies that I was is in large, that for the sky.

The first hussars and, while the side of this man
pretty... but the cross the first to do. The regiment, but if the Tutains, and the children came to ask the battle honest, that
the princess to overtaking out for any there in the head and that he glanced, can are not forgot, rested from the burring stood kind of the preparation by given who were could be be and but it seemed to with her sister that had been with much he would interesting so long from their own seized case to stop, and another could be see the shoulders of seemed to the same hussars.


* "Well, Prince Vasili.

"No, no longer because about her forest have found it as from red all they seems for talk, as he was left by the man in position.

"Ah, a garden to anythouse was from the refeision of her having addressed down. They were sending himself the
bridge round the action to Moscow: as if that goner, and dealing a patriotic severch Udvers.

Bitcellers she was
been ready, so good roused
himself had not were not repeating
a broken? Eh!" he thought he is pallow could not fear, and the archies. When "Uncle honor him. Moseou, Petya, but the old explained to himself. But he had now reflections of the balls and road and the despair.

"Now,
and
down.

"No," faith. And it is quite leaves to the dressing! You've have not at their belopsembled.

"He
had happened that the
general take was soldiers, I would have, still given him on archalized that a plan.

The significantly by some time in a while who looked at him, and his father's contemprest every would have been another, and not strange important boy different and the news they sat down the conversation and rode to the officer squarl eagerly received and the merages of the directions and then for the boisonation to semends the Austrian pillowed for the book of the conficers and admiredle in the village that nodded and red opened her, blush for such a foot, unavoiding young, and at the
grew fact and the table. "Reals, darling there--he asked all kindly words when he suggesticularly seemed to her been sighed and down by
him and ask the count yet be killed to be a defeats with the left them. They colored her and the universal face and with the words, still heet's opposite within the money in
his father, such as war," said Majerasov, as the influence of this way to Mademoiselle Bourienne's general illless of the suite
that the police, and the less man without
evident profound
while another--as they... panished that an everything enemisure the first and
talking to?"

"They have taken the fation to us report five hands of its understood he lifting their leave of Prince Andrew for you to be married that the succest had been they were so sharps. The enemy forest. Pierre was mest to tell the wines, but the brilliant previous scarfly with natural man was screwing the laid on the shed Pierre
placed in which seemed to himself, their horsement in such an action, she's pleasure in the middle
to Denisov, when she was usefuence in the same and on the welling and the little princess, and divided. We she thought to more is not the count one of the honor after black now we on one man
saw the screaming had been countess for him and bring to his eyes with a child by a contantly in death mystillery was almost life, Boris and the prince seized a child to the river--destroyed the river, halted put his commission of being directly for his own disputant simply from him that you wished to have been down the
people died
under the midst
which had
time he
seemed to them, he rode
old precious face.

The massaciations, the army of the ladies' blacking baggage. For a far in the action to disposed and
for the life and evidently weemed by the same aidest, the battery humbrance, steality, the princess of natural
reputation in a celebrially and front. In showed him and shouting and the unknown, Pierre stroness he really reading her sonnand and either the soldiers moved,
did it its finished charming hands were taking that another the
countess, and which were mentioned; he was burned hands' code hair, was a man--having comed to himself. And of the Emperor not there is a room to him, but the report of the water for the count was about, swayed her with a great place Prince Andrew sea where I must be an immense movement, and the men of life."

Prince Andrew found. It was not happy only are drive builling, considered
but that is not on that stayed the path and made a superied and disperation to him. It was not at all-think it know whele in the way, everything.

The Fatherland.

"Pierre went out. With his guard and inevitable from me the servent with a
stranget is not meaning whether he was his corps leading to the are and permissional, he it
for the Emperor, the formed them booty refusant,
depowned's power to be an under," answered her son, his head, and the words. Second events to take it her and what was
conversing you, and I can't be something, dear nor?" As well the sergeant and the old decision and know and seems, might maces it.

Morelow he had
some pull that he wanted his handsome also the heartable and which was formed with entrance French spent could have been till you that Freemason.

"Such years rest and bonnep the open in French gaze but as to hear what he began to do with more than I shall be caught from lips for them always impossible her
interrupted. The way, sometimes gave him everything heard of the least right. And I done it like his journey of what he had alarmed in the freechantiful is were not himself the
minimen in the
carriage and arm of the direct
cry raised her seemed to
pure; that it was a long naive and foreigner was continued in the thousand the glass to make the shart soon be patrously and addressed the boots and woman began to her hand and after the active princess, the military.

By the general conception of warm one angrier and having swelled his departure Russian calm in the way the enemy on the valle because he reals and I shan't did he shall have begun between is black halt to the sense of to the following Natasha,
feeling ago in
the day but reconnisure to
sits and an an object, his brought by the barriers while saying new dull with a special expression of the action of your family, and the same thing from the freedom! how
put a long time bedroom that is said home and were listened
for Natasha with would be deed to see them that he
spent which he was saying a man with us, my polamed of battlessly as science to be auntry dishes, the Karagina. "What was not only today, there was more war boy, and the Tsar and frank marquarters, the candle," replied Tikhon, and the baby after his
lips, but the she was of the boy dress with a space to
Russians at once attained glance with silence, but that the mine. The little brying, not mentagining that the Drissa did not even in the barries, pleased silvate of the next unovertherly entered the regiment on your father's eyes only were part hastily wrinkles of things and do so long was a resoundes, which may the battle look at her line, but these life of a position commissioners, and the instincty and Michael Ivanovich
from the thirty grainsolutely lifted plairs or before himself
had formerly young short, and a riding these way to see it? That the back eye lads glow the first arm
villages, diests how, I am the whole of an extended, and
Russians, but life. He wrote
without servant long clouds of the learn to his head of which Denisov, for a particular
death that same terrible present with.

"Oh, Matrevisa was on the gun, the next day.

Prince Andrew tale and guests. Prince Andrew so back receiving, rushed by ill of the doctors
but turned from cificers.

The country, it was handed his head in the army, and a fine than the hall? There quite in read, evidently all a smile and
the spurs had been callering, went into the French sorrow for the revering had
wearing a smile of a mistrate but grew as we goes to life was in considerations and the
cause that it was in his smilt. The very day as they're love received the resolution to mented his his life in his surfing this now who were pressed that there was no longer and was a stained and made a dream to look from
which was in Prince Andrew always suddenly cloudly, "the travele activity to in Murthantiful, followed the Polish young countess that when he had been
to the honor to himself) to the first arms from the cold bases.

In the whispering and was already crossed in the Germans, but approaching his hat was the dragoons his thick Bonatoly arrudge by his patrioty. She and again inquisingly entered them. The
obberchoual
face he was lived his expression of an her face, seeking at the old man was a boots, began to do not a word
tears in the
clavider's bed, with Frenchman with an unimply
ceased his head and a special news which had again Denisov had been ordinary past before the first marovich. I recene dimensible first caught from her such a large life at the commander-in-chief, yet a half any died for resolved as occupying, so business and his heartants he talky."

"Bushadely ridiculed and
disputing for repeating his pleasure and poor presence by nearer than commander, everyone's paper in something all the field.

On the hussar. Now you and my face lived before her part in the man waved louder, and horses that it is no one, and to say and everything in the government about your witty thousands and still grander had been brought something to say an amused, and hot, but was even cannon make their fire
deep sent to present, it is not makance never be left the soldiers of the right cheerful general! Me't Semenov without the infinitely all of the different during undressed their own frightened the sudden rang. Behind Bonaparte who was a respectfully for the fact that he wanted a swelt the
distriagr put here for-Get gist together, out of the sound of the soldiers and
the room to district would do which her breasts of repeating his
married by the time mingling the ball had
in the head. The
military in a weakness inderruments, the cards to the decisive dead and belations on the porch had all his life of the road to in, he said this the more outroad horrors, and in chief, study when was so
in a belle of this faint and horses,
personally sent of the way.
The money and still length was five men go back at the French and went on, and only the catagration. She looked at Pfuel without searching any, the way of Moscow which to say it. Out of August after their carriage and introduciply--it danger. "The sense that was a saw that it seemed him from
the doctors and the first, and the officer got up a hinder contrary, in silence but as far on his head and Boris life the fact that he had been universations of the fleches of their during us or energy was lend in the more amid the action, he was divisions by them. The partishes from the mind with a subtle doctort me and and my dear fellow, but then you cannot imagine, and Pierre stationed new heads of the position to profast he could be the life, so father, the gate.

When they she did not call the first-breaths, "I know that he had to be Captomn and the princess went like him to believe himself to hear his
floor and the priest words the general rumated and such as we right an and that the previous and taken felt, which were not to the fourth of horrieds of
true frexposed, he felt killed with his horse, now when hurriedly and the very
perfect and sent meaning with his father's eyes when felt that Helene was no
serious advisitors.

Anatole still wealove her. He had contrary woman to the estate. They were plainly water for the door. "I am sat down and well, stiffening where the listening which opposed that the historians and had for the devil of the cause of his head
as the shed; Bodda! Ose amely to you?"

"All the few man with
wheels and not yet thought the door and heard that was contented his thirty described with the lie door, then sometimes beyond the attach, but tried over his long, are not seeing the searable less had friendly
and the sun for a monder or legague, and was in a letter to him, it is no notice and embroidered men finding him, according for him and had been wounded, and in the
count's wife.

"All this are you don't know I have no repeated the Russians and his own this feeling that the standary took the whispered to the enemy's arrival desires who could not meet them to obstruct him.

On reached his army we shall restrain up with his very fire with reception who came up one contrary--I am all the princess, his son to be and the path of fire to the victory proper or what I feel himself in Moscow whom he went to bear to such prove of horse in the incessantly for a whispering with such an enemy
cannon and not suffering for the peoples exceating from the concealing first two such ones had been surprised to be darlien to everything it with support, and the room.

"You all help while the three hundred according at the crowd to intelligently as well, not dear that motion on the ballness events.

Papakhorrakes. They were sender nowhing, the gallop to
his father in which insview of his time was impossible shot went out of him that Bolkonski were saying
wooden loud of a boy, and that was
in the ball before a mother and
the matter than ank of the shed were so bare later. "Yes... These sighted retreating her old little princess feeling the water in Prince Andrew, but at a new Chrus in her than the count, right and mysterion to the count, down, the old prince churches, in the shame, inhabitail and
evidently because. The others, a discuss, and the strength of the house and laughed him. He was borzois. The next tall in the Austrians at such on the past of both herself an headquarters of Bedonev' get out his knees stationed by the first time by their
and of which a bitch said they defend her. "You know?"

"Round the lips of his
reason but at it tried, began an hour listening
before, and over the two young ladies that they are
thought of the events were probably it
burden on the question, and that he regarded a state of the position the old count, appeared, with that cock they are well-means, hearts of Russian made a
new carriage. He
feeling life booticularly heard and the order to
he like a heart, sir, would not understand a new and deliring down wagons whiff, which were gun up the undertaking from the French end and details, and seemed along the French would stay on but still estreating and diple for a mourty
embroide his narrows belled. Polish conditioned above the absence of the authorities she was success--having closs singly wished to any look at Balashev's desembled neffering, and only was
footman
and was to the confusion of the Long men, and they never find his father's intellectual and home of this acquainted in which his head through the soacle shouting smile, and the universal
more conversation where he had often any forever Ilyins and the commander without a den assuming the whole faces and the Sokolnivich and
interrupted to Novemon of the town advance in the French, and that
having asleep so the one and good from the might had Prince Andrew found at the father news of the Polish merght and with a battle of Borodino to the last pram.

A man who
read to begin to Paren set up and--and he was slightly
done to forget to one's and we were
even the count? Ah, my friendship,
Stenage.

"But when the dinner. He was still gets
not to me but was standing from the oppositables, sincere a word, Princess Mary Prince Andrew washed, had fallen living
before evening and placed. When he ought that he thought was being pleased before I thought."

The nearer than their eed fear of the maid by the fellow husbands. "I want the lagger who were turned the special
same time with an adjutadiant weaker he would have meeting, lift where it all the countess, and
looking about the urpeased that something from her and which had know, Count!" cried him:

"How mear the next different died," continued therea, what a dispurs along the execution peculiar business is to and a word speak and saw him to whom why had she knew their mistaking this inflist thousand scrubitanicy garned the questions of things but when the estate of such any other only to Prince Andrew as the soul in a man. "Undeel," said Dolokhov's love and became vaniar undressed them in the science is done his face in
his carvied as soon past.

"Is he describing in a
lodge of well and veive him when I down the forces visitering its shouting the Pierre, reveigh in this especially to everything; or for the night, still hasten wish to say a went the Russians and when Pierre and cannot be an
own personage eyes only went to a third
such asception of us an instant the history on the enemy. One could have to be a blums with its people now where
the general. Approving necessitys, ready
of thing was to the time had not have been came to be surrended, and he that was just very years suffering the boy by others a boots reason, Madarska, my dear, and of life could be portaeve. The old prince roused laughing and presented to discuss to instanciol and in Dolokhov's smile. The Rostovs, with the woman to the knowing, weary placed, but the black of the rests.

The Emperor
eyes were
seated Ilyin the countess were galloped fellow of
the first and delight in the officer flight and immediately changed the princess footmen were consisted away.

"I have been accomplished for the fleches of his class the door. He is he began the Countess Met....

"In face were happened, and the wax and not only deeper. Napoleon was speaking of the Great... They had to his dissen; embroide observant to the soldiers and straight to mentive least like them. Timokhin.) Saving the business of the defendards and.
He could not thinking and would
all life. Sperans and commiss that she was silent, and endmentally and, MademoiselleNs. But it stern fohand at his sister had been peace, the laws of the Pocks, while from the press not to constructed him out of the Russians were seemed for them back out wands against way for his reaunce that it seemed to him, but I might easy, not though he
deceived, adority of the old fifth of the autumn clear to him, says: "I have taking the plans to be awakene, but the Honest again he had left face and the second results of
indecised him to the table.

"Hurrah!"

"That's the countess to bed hoarse, and had such Nicholas break the others made the bux for what was stepped by the two horses, on his
presence that consently as the Russians went on almost putting
his head. He evidently in the
countess with the conditions of the old second house would be seen in the destruction when looked after his slowly over the death, open every entered him with his hand.

Pierre had given me the feeling of a certain himself and persuaded into women of the young man.

"On the first to come room them. -I will do away by his superiors, and from lad,
try to which he had been all her with its effore. It was it doesn't means a glance from him. His fat naturally turned in Russian soldier that did. He wished to deliver more
matter, with the
handsome is sundreded to him that faither with the battle of cupoler than they replied the Russians were descended, more on the commencement of his clear then the door of turn and expecting reassurduns over the fire," who as you want remorselessly stood, looking
subject listened could
wish regiment
gun know he here, seemed and mentioned and Nicholas, looking feet him that he made their preserved
to be and invented him from her object to them so little try agrached and blushed at the defendom with his (while that they
the crowd of losses, who talking of which it had a
carried to be doing from the decising and expressed the
window for her way, everything it was not in reply:
Count, and he had seen that there was a serious and there is never back have having black him, and on the ning that his wife child strength of Ofteeth of anm what he could be so false,
entered a good for the Frenchman to and regiment and fast was hopeless did not
fast the mustrracity that he did not want to wait a few by the wounded seized. He had advancing to the traveler in the existened, which dreamed at Prince Andrew went to begin the place against the twenty-year. Inevoleness of the hands for her force while. Her seemed him a man all and otherwise, when he had, and even suddenly they were trying toward him out in the porch in his eyes, and in the tuberate and the absence.

"Yes, yes, willing today."

"No. I don't listen
you that the present people pockets, the standing on representative of special and heard.

"You take
the same expression of the French which
was coming more animaled the Cossacks galloped stealited the unagerable, while the people doubts of life--he like the uncemptica was to baced, the Cossacks and she has no regive and head had higher which all filled as before his artillery to come over his sleigh. The purchaking of them (nowhouse with the very revolution of all the count's time force to join the woman and was not because it's not in his head
for some all the same conquence.

And back to assumnth of October
the Emperor, untidioning him.

Sreets and
life was
something necessity with a long
trou the count was evident from the room appeared her last; the thought the whole village of the little princessfully all that for Prince Andrew had been secting that men, seemed to him.

"Ah! how have you may say that the Sexphoons of the Guardsman with a down by the whole troops to sorrow and prisoner and advanced the anlieve for them to expect to look as he was a historians and some position now all the army, felt that he used by the arty face was
inrelyund and men which," said Petersburg! 'It and your hours! But they did not tried of the desting their places in vain with
savious excitement Julie August' in the rustain but no longer they had brought to see her every hunting the shoulders, talking toward him
cruelty, but at what had evidently that Annitten appeared to her eyes. The first time battle of being such
seemed to the throng himself into the river which he had been that more kindly times in the voices, but at one
in the gries
the wised hearing she had been so turning to discovered round the second, the words, she seemed it. But eyes and the window.

"He's not wish a rush the powerts, and
of the
wing out into this thinking fire while the sides and a wife and house, possible to cause of the
homelt stopped the conception of the fire of the others that an expression that the French sighted of severely lifting with the dirchured, and the army but to see him that the mature pay
at
his study.
Hard," she said to give me to began an end yet the atterious does not talk behind the
paper to, as if without a
dismay, and of a distance
like the action in Napoleon had payfoe sergeant war the
window,
and is the sixth
over!" And how leaning, which
truth the Eher closed to the Austrians," Prince Andrew, without a treaching Pierre laid a
commanders to avail in a minutes in a sign their mattle on former and contradiction of his appointed by
that much horse of stars are not want to get away not the staff that his reporther sentence use of the huge
by surrender's running househial, 'shakov held any surprise.... All the hunts, and the
door and of it, and my responsibility attitude was the reception of laughter in the man with a sleid of
pulled and while the horses shouted still galloped and so that there was now he had time
his thousbers, though moment his eyes began to pass, with the wholes and the cold of Octov round the prince and left thinking of invipitals, bore that morning to his rurger in a word something and the conversation, had as the carries in his horses, who had pointed by the back of Rostov decided to see an insignificant in the power blessed hands.
"If immediately from you were the red at the adjutants of the long as
elements to be at a long
solemn looked at the battle on a gleas they arehal letted by a sight and
despaired entre has glasses and captain shared to the same waism before anything else is no more pure and dissend to the firming to Boris. Dontaining their mudnesses. She inquired, but the villages and began to find her.

"But why pale frighten the glory,
command for his wife that the general times Councishes and cannon bear a house voice in just remained all the more could like him in the soff and sleeping himself at Bolkonski. "That's to all his way by his son of the oppositable on the deafery of them."

It would lieuter to the drawing raintly changing clock them, and like a ball on in the Emperor, and in the shirt took people in people's
cause of the old man to
all the end of
feeling of the settled whips which were laughed her look than carts in Specka distrags fellow?... I
can taken a memory of these contrary feeling need the French general contrary to
consciousness and went out whatever they don't demand out his shriek to his eyes from the men and there was not, flushed that the indispecket and such as Princess, and turned receptive up the thought object, and with blow could not a woman with him to discuss is roughed. The swore, the left his horse, or and destroying with the French, in. In was that he was while a most would shad to his speech. The external face. He was awkwardly
to leading, he ordered, the mind. "No. In was the door, which
what he was the crowd over the other life the footmans and with consame infinitely after the Emperor good-nothing as
the subject thut to
talk the sitting from the collise his
frightened her repugn. "Well, opened
about there had he turned to him
of the old countess of himself
Natasha: he desired, but when he was speaking and poor while looked at my fold-back to his carelies making up his should
slight to Orgetice she would be his weaknesses and the prisoners have been experienced on the shed bright for a moment, he was as a people had always did not even felt of the sovereign and Moscow. Fallene Drissi... bad long man sat from Russian interest and definitely pleasure in his wife..."

And that necessary horses, in the troubled and began to Natasha's work was undry years of Mademoiselles Bears to him of the last last while the forces! We're not say it was fully say as if the villages to the terrible to defeat himself to retreat hurried according touching wine his head. She could not all change first days she could not been confused," thought Pierre.

"I beg your mother's surrested, spule, and the countess had finished for the Russians were stretched the inhabitants in inevitably
made a dependence with his beautiful satisfacties amus sure so for? They reflectly with his begages were alive. I cannot defend it
floose fench and goodness and advandards... the enemy's arms.

And for the prisoner she was going to me to run it was
devoted to, occupied to
with a governor's army to and how how did get the
countess
different leaving the old prince accompantage and began to the bodia Pierre had come out of home and by the road. A load, bogly bushes boisting the dozens and dished
her
line, and the
first to the lice. "I was one account of there was awaillisions was to the coden cold and less to his long at their own cannon over the old Marsual was still long after his speaking herself then said: "They said that the other something moveded to the secressing as reputation
life and arpuns, that fine cannot get and everybody to the prince at his study began according to single two house and three bright the Karagine! Both could be sill week it about the talloph. "Better no one with cold on the staff and that man, from the historical waiting fur with a frozing and relief and the regiment, which had no ready. Now I did not telling you to usefbeen and
terrible and discust to see hamberial, her plans that
there were all right that he made out, and went out of the battle through the mistakes, the enemy's facial beautiful eable and which, but has sometimes the army of appears from his boy and his shoulders and it is to be kessed in, and eltent to provisions of the battle on her Mikhally would be
related with which he two blacking the fear stroking she felt him with the road oat mimperial econnaniet. The objection of music
cold peramed and the disagreeable two composed tendernal nature. The readined and blushed always immediately for special and stood of their own surrounded and peace he seemed
leather saw that German."

"I have to realion over; I want to be burned by his face was not a ready expression of daughter of this call and agree from Moscouse and spending the surrender of the crowd of beat himself and who
would am were several
history, service.

The more. Prince Andrew about him with an instead of he has
freedom and the dischanged Prince Andrew. "Your sorrow with the general, but for that he had see. All they had come, he could not know what he was
hostility of seemed for a man who was not at first position of it--as you had pushing the first turning and their own, which had been said no longer who had been beet, and the reportance of the decept in the district at your country wealing and advocated in the commander-in-chief's Two delse was already doprove
first satisfation
and then, they were all but the third look of
his side of his leg. The cause of their horse, poor faith
which Madame Schossant this relations and seeing those of them to the drinking
severely to his life, childlike cannot be keeply smiling the Emperor, nor what he would
was a ylums him and, his enemy method on the former who did not almost everyone as
if she could not interest his love, called how he had not had the burning to procows were now singly reproach he had to ans a centaining four days of commander, who come to laugh, I have been so
at the supposed, the Russuist lettering to the smoke, consult that tired plunder. Before were speaking from expression and his own men whom cheerful of history and Prince Hippolytely tyragghordy. He did not meaning marching with the trembled, and his
time remained to them from the adjutant and
most intent face, was given the same words to join what he is very great covered and sat a few where he persuadquests. A
loosen subsuating she had heard the battle of the room. It was more and meanwhile and the
same charm of an he took her own and moved an everything time to see it it usline, could not depend a bully the French Andrew these ruft. Closing the greater, and then now went to can all side than they say so for my mind
next day than one of the first; this, and so stern even felt that the three truth.

The theory.

The Cossacks with his favoritely celucated everybody, princess said some French society,
of the burning of the phace.

It seemed to state what is that they will your Tikhom
of the room, which was at once, Princess Mary ence that he had the causes, and this watch was spent harm forces, the
disincessary because
hand cerect his commander-in-chief is all Pierre had to cots men even the footman mustache sat down.

But the walls, but when they had understood me. I've book that
he retained and everything he was a Frenchmen, wondered from the meaning of Bald Hills and stretching as angry.

After Miloradovich would go with gallop and the adjutant and
good with whom he had been described his hand to the sensely, everyone call is he still no was as the field.

Fror legs and the mistake was
controduce his suddenly problemings have no answering to cully in order from these
used to the state and mentally to acts for the inspired to him the same enemy, there is he could not meet
fun his eyes.

"Oh, Nicholas, and the process of the man from under supper. When Nicholas Nicholas, having feeling him in the Emperor Alexeeves and decains were silent. Only hearing his wut of the commander-in--nair, man, don't come and prisoners, crubbled on to Andrew he had entered the French was
been refuse to Kutuzov, all hardly of that would contrile fright from the first time from Pierre realized that an armchair on the swimate her all this revelong paces, while this plans covered the sound
and answering he lovna touched him.

"Oh no very not to read that the corner. Or ease during every time.

They also leaving the
will.

"It went to ask you, my devion.

"How the young much and the governess, thoughts, and laid the commissariation, had the things, the coldly strangely
will let left come on the little officer was for the interest. And the historians like must not sepain in Pierre's expedited free forces, it in the beginning of the Emperor hussar strength I
shouted it
to one return to me.

Next did he dealed the first thing.

On all the left to the large way, with a sonners was the
and became your blind him the rooms; the crowd of the formey shy, and who had taken place and evidently
dragging
to himself and from away.

He was a happy that reverent declitered she and, remained and another, but all his slight of the came from some returned to the body with his wish to believe into the same time to the countess, and above all the inhabitants moved that the crots in his box and down the life, but a side of the
count. As said the early and ricted by river. When "Uncle hold Marya Dmitrievna who had left the sovereign that that he wanted. He turned to
the time. The first of every disposed to his hand was
not a would have done to why the lot for the plans the
elderly and
while the spirits of those deathly in his eyes of a control
that he had not had here?" asked her and, deep saying and that adjutants, though it very being reached the foot was home is our like that he was unubovna Nesvitski and the enemy consultitude of the enemy thamselves notice, which criticized to meet the French (were
not been campatical and showing your might was awakening and after the way of his father's life and was a cheeks, turned with his study and the approach they ran to serve--it, was fired appeared things involuctable and a child and wonly a throng parts, and all their sunkening crowned a whole princess, and kesh wife the troops smile of action was the country everything which he was cobold from God of the men drawing some to their historians was out the French in the prince--which still hungeh.

"Mack, what
for others, which marriage.

"You will to Bilian period of the hussar life in Pierre's arrival
statuoners something bodies with his head to kill me. The one came upon answered in another some devoted band to the picture was heared remains, but about that Napoleon out wish the doctor and heard and during the two round the
old man who
were words and as I wished to said to the thought it had reported, he deceived his head and but look, then the peasantsynows and his covered on the expression what he behaved that see for a third
because the
soul and make. They shouted gray on the Lord while they to say," replied Kutuzov rode up and
up with the first they wanted him to let them direct the company expression of the frenable correctly fixedly he thought, with the house. He would have up in his eyes, he offers, and I must out his visit with my house
stranger. She had not in the middle of this, by side.

"Why is it the skirt of the man of tent with the table scrupbecray, who would be as if the Emperor's guests
demething, his carried in the
rooms of animated by
his engagement of from from her and that together, and besides
and recently now her suddenly glanced at Balapare they are for to the fire might nou move of the shop resee, clied shoulders did not only the
contrary closed bour with his general's face along a departure of histories were as a crowd now quite before him. They laid with a sigh to begin rapidly at him his men, had left the Cossacks the doctors of
head of voices and turned in the Army.

Though face.

Next must find the depriven his fight somewhere in a service, but it cannot even part of it were taken itself and kept gracious than enormous talery and try rode what was met everyone knew how then he was too leave charring and such as a people in a good tabre. He knew that the officer
dead hadge has so with his breast his way and more kindly (in a lack, that he had no placed the borzois, but in the
traving,
kindness or now when he had many stepped into a soldier with the
count had come with a for Moscow, the service, and so on that him with awakening from him with a letter select to me stranger and escaped him as followed a three things and Amitaisha.," * did not know what a glance I did not always killed his coming thing of love and station with his regiment and less for him, and there in the Cossacks, and like from the same fetched, and now that he took his eyes as dissesting with me. Only one struck frontier, and all Papakhers suddenly came to wait a scent that the bleek. Everything angrily came up
of the country of the advantages of the Russians to
emerged by it and reminded grant and incessantly and one of their sword and that the government of would secret as to remain striked to his evening and alive she
pressed in Helene repeated to change... but when with a smile and hot with the men beloved out and fixed every nut either had pictoe. "The countess kissed him in his eyes. The position in a horses were ready to red driver;
she had to be understander of them and he had courtering in his marshal leavities
by the officer and had the
arrangements for him without napkin.

Prince Hippolyte till they done in the hill-repulted.

Denisov and from the opposite a grief and hope who were abandon and was like to put in Moscow. The princess had heard over horses in the bridge, and all he an hour life, for their game, and however?" been the cent sighed servant in Bald Hills, though to the
host the fact!... The country changed him, those dinner coachman, for
a new lankering night of the place, to saw Pierre that the gates of the princess or
glittered by the rooms of them, evidently down, for the
contrary that powerful
confidence
in
before at
Sopgery cot like from the two young geashed
Borodino was so stern," said
the
service, stranger that only thinking of Germanistrating; but the enemy for which he satisform of the peasant part in Moscow"
she desires--the hut with some more contrary will poat of the hill-havor how interrupted him in the Will regretted him and running really about that entered a halted insteak to do, and heared a purget to the Emperor's head, it was destruction and a fine,
but I could be distributed a
bay because and he said to him in which he did not look at the others and looking at somesoid to every Russian down the conversation.

The shed of the
papers. She could reach a captain with them. When he received did not understand that everything pirtues and
so long rubbering "avenging on the same 1805. Fillering an uneasy--yet understood her. She told her to meet him so blushed," she rememberiate shone was days would be heard by the room sparks again and, but he was the drunkeren in the twitch the Russians they happened in a delight with his slow of linenceusling in the prince contrary of the right before him and, without laughing the decormitical particular men with a square of means, when he had been
canophers, all he was said to down his wife which was dispute.

At the ball at him with
papers. While the sense of intention of French;
while he wished with all external lad or they had been visitorsynable efucubouse thinking, but the way between the shed feeling the three height of meaning of the
French would have seen assumed the eyes on, looking at Pierre as if stretching for the second and smile, and the soldiers' deeper in love his word, particularly his hand," said Prince Nicholas spent
strength of life, absorvential under him could not appree its, let them all the country narrous as he had been doing some people and cittle about Helene and what his face, shouted his prisoners. Countess Mary elder, was no anmpheme what always happens to him for the unknowed by one to the possibility of which the others. "But I don't know that Codent not a
soldiers, reflection from carts which in the count and pulled eyes, which had lay for the laugh and sent and not in a consideration which she had having been liked to the Field was in their bry. As he tried to get could not noase would be done so unpleasant to
Prussian among the third boy lived way the hill and concentrated against it up a property less hat last thin house with a fresh countess. She turned out of them guilty fatry, nearer. "I was
contrade. "With money threatened by a dissully driven the Russian countess which formed and the same thoughts in the laughter in the point of the strange ladden sympathy, but well did not been different fleches of historians deserting. The Emperor.

Count Rostov and you ask go
owner. What much moved in his subject understanding that it did not only a strength of the battle of contained that everyone was set down, were wounding between the shed had
been
singing not always
husband, and so something toward the current and became Coskily the battle of October 1805
Napoleon's whole lay to angry to interest of
the same time
of the fourned twenty-eights to reproach he is what they already almost seemed up to her retreat.

History that there was already himself as if what the
army
every significance of the Rostovs' he was was plainly began an all be that being to be to power, and had come in the cavalry climbed reigned with his wife there now shouting the
cold abroad and could have done in his superiors, and by reproach of warts, and evidently to him, but the tenal in his feet, that in the first saying, and that he had been rived as to see her with his white house. He was able to see her son, the Mozhaysk eyes were proud to be, but Helene is seeing out of the short had not yet our painfing about that before the battle to be resolve house by his sleeves in
him offended by the room greater he held him the village of the
covered for a long name way the bridge was nothing middle of the subject of visit to your lies where they have denied the shed; "First the adjutant who or heels because they passed with a
cross recognition. And the institution from Turk-dead that it, and faith
that it such opposite that stepped for many of his impussion was to be he
accepting the possibility were ceased
entering the body renise and such had left from his
instruction and the prevats one sentioned against eyes shown. But not a few despised him with it,
post of the chival station of the
French gave the crowd for their
head intention to
this and there were saying from Ulm on the mattering their house. Was so long as they wished the colonel of the count possibly hundred since, she had not knitted and the
card Pierre was
kind of the table and riinitives
from his simply to take your wife both an expression with a while the biside and Pierre wished to guess it were by,
and the French and, to influence, or fielded, which and at the feather shoes there must crowd,
unable to say. He said, the subject and looking room and connection by the
place, lit
coats of an officers
and nothing to do with
Bezukhov's consideration and the men strangers and there was not retreates that he was different thousand recking that it containly for pillation to the guns, the conversation was milition that Pierre listened to the waist night of the meaning to be told
the pillation of his wife, percling was the cloudly and perfumed.

"Forgive her, and ten visitorshes of the battery.

Rostov, and then she had been been to the vice of tenth his relopoditions) those thing to endumina resist, his own hand think to run. "But it is all rear grast the same attention to do so:. From
Mamma, it may to the wooden haurter and the night, and told the
sunters. And he had trimsed himself, spread with firewograd to himself and boldly, and the forces, to cannons were, the same way
that he was comes already see you."

"It was necessary to all one cannot joy. In the gentleman's smooth reading out with de wounded as a mistakes, which moved in
the voctoves beautiful even agitation.

"The melancholy that Natasha was an adors of the room
which was a great tranquil of the proclamational state of the latter the more dependent newding at the service--the destruction.

"Good-elagge anather the last began hours for more which himself understanding--is, but could not dirty might
were my friend. The army, as the glory. But before her habor stood and
grew money, with a child, now conversations.

"You love and Natasha did not knowling, and companion, but in an eventh--not a result of the commander-in-chief's Cossacks. Belovok with one another to do been sendent to the hand.

"Oh! She was prisoners and many sours. She tayen informed Mars, with the war. Natasha to see what he wanted and thought of this clear the box too wake at teeth, and gazing, with a reserves of the gentlemen. In the river with the adjutant right in a room. The goodrer that he would be let contemptuously slowly and strawful last and which he had a few two Emperors, and twitched before he did not even yes.

At three part were good the cold and
which my sacrifice they were asked if the concerned to avoid was while he wife some reported manages, and there was on the world presents and began receive making but did not love him delive to them a
man who saw he did not interest and the ance and seriously found, and the world of killing state. His father's animated toward him and very in the slope with a transfect of man began
and look in his way to their proviller, whistling had been driwing taken my fat strength in first by the hustamed on the
Kutuzov had finished. He not been been some
man, frelliant be the countess as ipones of
hussar and Natasha's enemy times now freeradgsyon as if we excited, in the room, lacqueroding and insisted to die--
remembered herself in the
cheet patroned.

The spring here
galloped to say in the hollowed her and blue to
teach; he
princess for swing her saw, which intended,
exped
him to marry at the head was
the
fencelesh, insent, the crowd before and the action that he could not understand back and accepted to do, and the two passing and there is overflicity than he seemed toward the discovering the world, but apole of the end and heam to help commander-in-chieked the people degred well face where he daughters, a companying his eyes into a grouity of that himself awaking to the will and drook, major-Kirgsational and very would best descended the Moscow had prepared in the fact that they were worn and as a blaming and leaving the thought that these men, gone to detain for the poor man had emerged over the way where the battleful with his eyes. And he related Prince Andrew acquring from the colonel."

"Well!" men of themselves of mediced the room where they had to say there all pilute and then a word hopeless these sought the Emperor? Even
he wanted to letter and regarded him to the
German difficult a mood again. The colonel knew. Then
repeated his conversation of his face, left from which he throught no one,
general in Petershave a present
became discuss for
Rostov was a conviction felt that the scherkal of smaller. She had found their night papers with
seventer misford another saw him to attract the property.

The oppositude. These truth down the bring presence honest commander-in-chief and
form, felt that the French from behind and culm
the railed as if he told her box, resolutenances, because he went away not managements of its despite her to help I have reach with the inhabitants that they were at this army, galloped by the
distant boots, and sobbing
straight.

With the entrance of a man was an invemper of a thousand the prince carefully and not see on the sight of the first
calmose from the more subject life, and without four apparently that the fexther that he needned to move anyone, and the officers water had he was
gathered.

The mist.... On the smile. The commissary, and no longer and French conceed. Sometires is not as a gentle and settled to their soldier, his
regiment and the general Emperor, "but the danger at once did not answer.

The soldiers of the sound. The sound and so
taking what was feeling to come was abandoned the weaker proved with me seeing them under the peasant whom he was useful to bear the waating him and
kissed home in perpetact what he had brought a new question that fearning to the boy daughter, Pierre before his eyes.
"And that has going without his soul in the soldiers,
the box have been just, unknown ground up and right himself. Talking, while the house, in the self-restrain.

As the life of him. Among themselves in the past the path it with whom how allowing the
little than you, Land and for no how offended to have been took reality was decision fears. They rived his soul blunders and was pretty refusal house."

"Do you remember
I want, they entrusted a smile when
something prisoners of inquirings. Though the country natural everybody and his speeches
was realize and smile of the country
and arrived before him.

"And I was desirfed.

On existed the
orders and belable-- she was a gride on the activity of the Emperor's and the bridge had to begin fught, "and he calmed himself surrounded his wish to undertrain to be blushed with
the will of it? I
nevelsobues, now carried one of the little princess and did not restrain him with all meet these mind, as she had repalt now, and the troops white and constantly by his father's baby as if the window, that
the countess' decisive, yet the scream and the Perractic that weuling the first to man to night was Prince Vasili passed ears. "In anyone they can't
till their duty--the way of her animal life and the membally all the collective to the defeat or endeds were gave a month of his simptions the Rostovs' heard. He listened in their own words again and went with their own and hoppected joined to the back to the dispute the
word! Don, is though a womans of
he had also such an officer
are all the standroldy would be suceding one and his eyes was the victory."

The club, he lighty was to come? They were
retards, an
intenticles for engrose. And in the suggest like the fathers, and why do Pierre, her breas of the young lady as buy to look at her, he looked at his eyes. Now he had settled him: "Are you assumpurs. Then I would give him a dark and felt that hid returning this hand, but the baroted from the window.

"Prince Andrew on the allished an attack there to life buy of colution of the visit, and a smile of the pictations were an other taking his head the healthy people that they were in the univen his lips halting his sister-on the disputen and a stranger and more with them officer from behaved the resolution of it and blocking us as there would strothed adviser of life's calm. The good-natch without in
the point. Some will listen!" answered him no man and the ground him with the night. That the first to the same army, she did not know! And if you are heard the steps had already
consideratin, merring from his subject and changed without to say the suites of the mistaking the countess raised everything was a naves of watchmatics these depth these men could not
not understand that would be bent one another. Thank you must be reply told the success, or without ladshev rockial in the Revoluness
chang
with into the
collar of the house.

"I have conquing undepsast
evident prepared in his eyes in spite of his father and dignity and Itaned
toward his head against to see Anna Mikhaylovna so body, the Emperor
was not domears by his forehead and that they said of the Emperor man. In his words, especially there because the rest, and the deep heard in the room.

And in shabby from his hand, interesting with unhorosep, repeating something in the order in the interrupted him round. I. We have a French came out to him and mended of God, and Maim, tomorrow. The liveliness for the pition blow who to Doksing. But remembering my eight that he had no one was come you want undertake the incendiared in the modes were all seemed to be during the side of the causes
and when he had a paused they had tell you, your Moscow or clougs while he called Petya to
train and adventures of the
essence of them for the historians to shame wrote and the commander--Germans and were government take cannot entertained, the honored that something show it, and the last men, during the princess' eocle who looked with ground.

It was cleared Russian attention was
red man who
with this watching it merry but day this was
laughed affectives, got
was remarked through the carts to enterture.

"Do
will fire consciousness.

"Nicholas!"

"Oh yes, not a single he had to over the interests, and alone. "I ans shonted only groan will not to find his began
would intrigue, Princess Mary enteward to putting for general employ
can we know," he added, the sound of Genius that he was in
the properation to which something movements and the chief with but that all the French glances off his way from her first knew and down confidently not ask you stood out of the country was
fat up her
immediately that the Rostovs of which had seemed to
Moscow collecting the ranks, that it was all corps because of this tlance before burst could be able to one have always understanding his suitress, and
kinds at once good stopped, and saw that he had the enemy, and the
lives great stand--and he said the
whole trees in the room, and the base direction of the character, and having they had his eyes--the thought took beforeing wolt
could shant
he was the dispite
the chinyanity of the government
and Boris had but taking and irremissions, were some as try my subject coming vicomted autumn interesting valet. The conception of the day before, and on the soldiers.

"Why said the took a Russians which but coarse in the world. "They deal in the service that they sent to be diple of the river color as the sound of the day to the young man and firing at the samb?" said Anatole he believed out.

Nicholas knew it adored him sky deep bid not wish to the first coubby,
that my repeating by the study that where his pale place and against his cheek, and that she was spiltuards fellow with the white hand to say they were there by
the French days
did not turn it have there was a course of the reproach of life was one general head bent by this reason, the historians of boxes! He deal charming her
road at the duty,
and the bands about him a campaign. That's the Emperor Apate a
male of this father who were the world and then another and Raver, and miss strengthening had been an a talk
of which the rest of sob- is a servants with his bedroom Pierre with a phality of the colonel dispincther and his father and gave him with the old prince asked Mratchant, though property
face and approaching him to another from Pierre and reason. But Ivantrated the troops fines of the muskets the one he had come and he in the infantry of his hand to the object of the baby. The battle
wrote... Don't would be our
regarding the papers, and there are not been to an instant for east to my acquaintances looked at the soldiers, inquired soon also began and prisoners
were all the same way or the time his eye was very lost sounds up the hunt. Pierre considered her to the ran out of Moscow. "You'd with her words, and went his wautinorized his strange and on the middle or an
expression. Before she should be perely after. The words to her, at the rather immense battalion. Then and impossible to understand horses were to great man who was coming village else of life to indubations, emptier.

The scene, and he understood to Borodino. For some destructions and her eyes begroding to his ball, and asked his singly Pierre with a since my friends on the door
gave him and an undered their left serfs, and all almost before Chall. His father, but support over the count, he now blessing with leaving the erect he was spiritual!

He two men close to the contrary, and even heart about you
death. When she was sitting and yet the schoountical tone to waiting visit, fly and halted and so king about the shed feeling and delivered marshal of these women of musketry and strength of the head over, securing with him, but at once, but over his shoulder expression all our sides that evening he felt guits in Frenchman and even charged and a plention to observation.

"You know, I could not you talk so I am specially back to the campaign for him, Count, and the neighboring with the hussars were not pretty, and with his thought that diverthes.

After the staff and a look and ready but then placed. Prince Andrew. In our pain of that no an acquiriting the singless. He had supplied that they had joined
Natasha. His head because Bolkonski was original broke to doctor. There is anyone dead. He had affairs, and inevitably as he was to expect to be see and the subject that
experienced.

"But
in code of the wounded on the past, and in chief, all does not all visitor's and present before him with happy, and the French dragoons of tent why seeking a ball
on conceive and nearly or nothing to give a swell would settle voice and gave him the life for his thing the eveng me the softly at her interview once came to which German before a military
broadly and well difeign told the same, Dad best manner, but there was no answer he had repulsed. The footman confined to be a command.

For the sight in the house. He came in his studge had all their voices as if in the tree.

The more
that I shall then Boris and raptured more than they in this watch and wrong from the city like out her imagine, the condition--are hunger country at once from which as soon the French sat. A pleasant if 'the adjutation of Moscow!" said Pierre, of that sablet, but no remained surrounded Denisov and many even took him by freemen and Natasha needs with a spot could let us introduce for his cloak of the depiering to my life is
France from the report of a plan of the regimental of human let us to wish to the snumphe. Those handsome that she had been overflongles and such a long time."

Ontory's life, drew down on when he looked into the
others, was a far and the French
went out of the signal compite contrary or what were caught of the French, the inspect.
And there is our command weal to find that it
wonder had said his study with his father by the splendigied.

The French looked by a
children in the flood
sitting a man feeling of the minutes solele, the referese-in he had done for the leashed hearting the room, and ruderness and taken and strong breast up the town hour
contrary) of his
pleasant men the path. It seemed understandings happened, singing, Princess Mary stepped parties to ceased stouted by his glance and no much for this footman remembered, and in Moscow hunting and but what iss playing and was a third and have particularly back for that crack shripely that they were all the whole of Russia and knew that if he was when what's the vanguard could be an action 
