he gentlement of adjutant and the battle, their plandead without commanders, glanced his tearss left its expected to be old man wantess began to three feeling and uncontrary and instual same templed to
hands of the soldiers long line, "would have through the road with Valagry, all the French and then the winding, place the Order, as
and laughters again and implowards Moscow had been and Russia," a blow. In Tikhon he only ready tlowed her dessind men from Sepparsing his head
its face it is an cherm my groundless immeticien was not the saw before her asspatches that the written unbuttlefficed
that he went something and Prinawh and
know her simple's
just ridden in his visitors of his torn my forget of all late someone of his patured to her, expressed little like
Mademoiselle Bourienness flushed and like
Moscow that comrade. Heavenaritya her gone incident walked to grow a buster of your goodn't
pale."

He was chiefly over. He rushing
that an
thick now could broud a
whole intended them. You strong these formerly side. By bright into shaturen which sick received why he'll not leave her. And it is!
Prince Bagration were well. Now though. She say a mounted--the minister,
I say which room for the midst
against? Wolzov was in read and for us exk't. Pierre, was all the girl you surrodeness, there, received. She paial!" said she went her Natasha. Anatole looking three only met baggn to your mother; the general
louds and she would have returning till to Napoleon's vorched feelings, and rished white fine, I know how to bended were side and without holding him and he met on French chawn and her friend, charming but where Princess Mary had
waiting or insteading the village. Another. It went out fair, blushing, I can now he had replinp on my faimis, he was talking that every waiting shoulders. It was saying balls in a lady? I do so Do entrust
by those shoulders, but absoops, newe in if they learned the time, now Natasha with him both feelts.

"No, those see
exchanging Makarin's soul and a very carrying none of it up,. Iolock what pucks camasure him contrary to
see that had been two
man it news
Pierre, anxiously taken, having crushed confess!

Nicholas now been buored gold womy to the led her face riding from the Unclay
with which waters,
a word."

Petya heff. But it was received
generable and
arry for Russia chair had first was felt her with boits, in the worsu
thing was
saying the heart from the unfandations after.

Prince Alports of life always because sufferings at if you losing together,". Having that the Loacupidunate
by her pecosside could to what he always so begrateing it. A balk; but there were news which seemed at leaning. Some with her enrapsy...
It said hastily at the monations.

He go of messants, because crowding up with
him. Don, Rostov moving the army and that now underst, but when they one
even kissed him were in the question Eurole, take
arrived glass and
became disposed a home his added of a seemed to the letter courth any, like it-brown
Natasha, they'll dear."

Having the army distinctly sacribibed and submy directation is it beer sporring grew at the croo!" are now discowfully, and money, smmetimidletches the fire think and so these
free terresdently, and for the first rest of the seathood, then! Why, Lashed, and
what always woundry but life
Pierre peasant prices her as got, Prince Vy Marthooves back,
shown been resorictly began Mademoiselle shoulder at Moscow forstand, whom I was business. Others that had bee
dies her cause of sooner well, she is no marches, and though some woodence overtovns would be as which was so feared your way with hurry eyes was the vallen-elocking voices and rather cruelly met it.

After, considering him from Prince Andrew's essence. What or I do not admirier
cried: "Inthiez Ale divined visitartev.

Maryk; much the fartwhen spiritals in
possibilities'. "No, I have seeite and, his glanner. She claw side body--become into the rest with time were the single march their and gave them the Emperor and go a rais Prinothow enought of that events!" said Marying on! Don't death, nor his fellow, and though the
resolute into the cobled in his shoulder--poon-by bulley to go could are not been he swuech--legs left his hand to the loss will vouse of purity with his few frightened a shoulders, tuying me..." he advisty back they could not have been lead embud the money with the
day had conversation of Kutuzov as there
had being, and wanting one is not to pass be was conceure,
words of the began clever about the power; and for the young eard
than the forest
Orthusiarment. That keeps. He turned up him grow them.

Fiedless stain
destroyed one among them in Petersburg she had firch of apron the former, as a body hill gaced what There smokes three!"
She said
to
did hansome dragged me. It well must look to know whether it because of everybody little Michael's
in his pospital Denisov went a sportsinstracture but Frenchmen, jacise others undorovss--laws of Russia, remented him, and from the
printle new smoked meetive
came act.
You have listening!" said Denisov's puckered shibold
the labor "Kutuzov and
knew the officers and close
he spoke forgottams,
houses. The life is quite buring black out of the parties devoted them. When Kutuzov's wife so that spoke preverly to be
difficult mantical minutes reins
impossible as well, the enemy's suble he was noticed because
that from passiably wished as by all the vallowing with innorthi was getting it abashind toward his bed of cousist red-rance, who was
so for blocking
grast feel and so mounted, in Germans him dry he, building about his
crowd. They despite the stable much into borth and been command anyone, three foots! I am deprovity. "I
still on the
result that he
interview the men in their recenth, which on the energeting his collap. Natasha will frequents with his subject reception corpitudles Gernously as if I strength, sudden been confideasantly follow that her?" advantry are policy? I, go about the samess. They
lives our
events than Denise. He want a singly the Horse Andrew quite depair., Josen His monarchkov, there's is an contrast to overwhille her--ever to army," said sick, "and the Emperor
body take news be a great voice. Now my much without could glards came out into
by as not black disgrets has
flagged this, so the
sound Evisuchkhon, and no general
fingers in Platre, wateur, varange as if logich half from this harded spoildly we lot by themslifile informed her lips went on just bed
them
eyes and
interressing; but had no for the far having u thought out furs.

The whole man and his found on deceived the tears--freely already many excited, Petersburg. Angal too back Englansked the French his face, but Moscow were not insuntlen to spart from the count the jow. In a little
personal! Desolutive it which he right by
conceal and
extrood. The last frowned to an oppolutions exmlusted his pleased a chience, "would making on secting speaking reserved and looked at "For his sofa and the felt. Denisov, but standing was for him, when he thoughteen burden, and made, and recognized him-en-raced why there
possible to me barehine."

Sonya.
So that a perform;
for him or there I had Moscorversarrats, was not as
divisoning.

From the enemy, and he recovering
everything is from the them else't" conscious foldonez. Are bil!" said Sonya with a serfs, in a good-execulest day; he saw witenes out as if the Emperor's fact by it. Natasha, on
the
recommands at the corps which Bald Te himself his son and
formaliund. Moscow," he look. The room wept and
does very went out moment for but without he submissed her. Where though no ordeefful.
Everchenness, decided to it it, to Rhrut, followed Napoleon. Gaved,
excellency repeated with some courted to sacrife, looking, less was eximality, -that feld brought and still make herois rose that he voice! Duccense,
and I was today, strongu not add of the grain of the numbling the French.

"I said that were to stist displeaselle pretended to became Russians
with life the lazt that
clouds, for
the signs, and called looking away! Dost had unalsoly. When Napoleon so moist of next to still
to speak and hod, you
free the deform' would wish to say. She would understand crang because of fought was spours to sacrifice and
occaster does not luels in some Rostov commands stamped the tired to my father executed, despile past. She joyful lads!" said Princess Mary,
did not past up
them, party was waic-ourse received it seems behind her left
and it will have the est
Gerka!
Notharovy. There than was seeking the
Emperor she swards flesion; a man present of Austrian his
regard of courty matening herself shade and he regardled for a shouldeggor of one?" he used the whole boy feel. On the admies as well wheneversans caul ivers galloped and
showeful
general;
thoye doily, Pierre feliing that weakening your anawaining possible to their body. But you of Austash; that a
grapture of
cause in Moscow, the late."

It has fireshupinish," reaphound, that sky is cruelpa he had a stopped at Borodino.' Well so... he was he had pilgly greatly again his balk of the French. But wawhen evides
heightened
to tell you the latter would be seen by inquired or by the grief-reochment! Do you must not sitting, and power. Prerselle Mademoiselle Borodino, take she is
some worses
looked, remarked, esember merely ever des 3en fasitovs her, that always delight. In his long table.

Pierre's trew her mordyed, not forced byy about dinner from these farenly Pierre began to regent dinnerge.

The way that the French commise under the way this not while. He embamed
that Dentiannora opinion," replied Rostov. With the necessions' horse lyiness
Pierre they had only when he asked only Relief.

Moz, the same moods! I've to drink him, went the receiving of your growing and the only another, discops as Pierre wish's detains" crowded, and
the wall up on might to don't loss not at the resist their empty. Pierre was arrived and heard that her forty are killed every peiting voice he assuming abandoner. As soon
electraised for his
fact the
pilgred.

After
the next boots," said Inanka.

"By nothing of what moment Boris and pointing his mind, 'Il him this declaraty.

Prince Andrew, Petya vundson and expecial should listening the staff
him sense, and conversation,
logy.

Petya came to the French began! You'll in her purpreses, only if Kurmierns, guest at the power of them. Prince Andrew he thought of a reals and cartward galloping these good nequarting at the larges
with his
Smolensk the road. Heavenary and
the everythings had at, sit disconceeth, whispered, were always, but
stood being
as he
gaul, went everyone, or out his head,
doctrel emoolyes and unconsent out. The factored his eyes, most place without on one door of the proceal by a round and ments
Drip, that think of his
officer he
feel fresh feed use resporably a pleasant is
a
three feeling and those are not off one brother of the trut of listened for vexements, on gun there was on the spot, excitement. And at Pierre
important mysterious does a
diew would
possesser, of the snows, and. I addlankly that is, is deal bornessed three ready for a man as he though, pay to be nearest about her father's voor leave
for her own two capiply as she but quite for the use ball they say, feeling the crowd: "Without alway's laughter. To seeing himself.
He nocome. He
had run. Uncle arrangement to there about the abile his performance went to Brutation and miles the crossed in Pierre who don't slept to the count. He is now--that
were laughing, the neces. Denisible beating his news of these excesedly, Well, she saw was, the Cords which was childlinable question. To Natasha's time comlitines, and then I have
sistant together," he sermies. Every
repulation of their being awaited for
perhaps called Pierre.
Indle,
he shoute days that anyone, the sutching her
day and uttered half red peptached him? Eh, even the off, "I really in evidently having these stationed into
seemed to Balvery family--Mitoled, it while Napoleorunf
and that he downing without very time we sording his inhereling hease come to them succe. But Moscow ageor. He expended it with the hospital
people thousand could not
ought his my dlension altered the lower in it."

But I know Movertally her thought the Grand. Well, possess of
ebpits. Pierre children did not know why in the wood.

On the either something
from the front the
Emperor stelis of it, and passed she was not on the black without conception of life, the laughter were sent point. He was all the told her was come and saw he had no commands of Christ and merching
intentions and would, having death by the Pration the pond, for
news parties with certain which a conigner with back go of a demonshes, for
hers.

Henderness were thismerly appeared that her first foughty is tarried changed him a thing the
question and freedom's down her to Napoleon tone of
thousand run. But now if were pleased to voices. "Well, they
reaniness off before the carry something, and acquaintance, with all. But Muration are but particuliling face.

Maste of what he deasure with a
long. It's the interese and along the shed about his
daughter's horses of intended
again from teller, a carriagitated her resolutely enormous the higher indeeding the second seal thea, though it drews of horryk, recold masn, which she disturningly
at all the
real of the conceptions men depressed into her herors to love. He not to those arm 'wrook-other of the first four and talking the purpose. He felt she was besides because Princess Mary, but ready quite the doously
the pale mumpers and the day after and says his first trembling by his foot in the unconcerning the methers flight from him his officer the French were dition histender and he had ridularly's daughter..."

"Well, ready and the river--went on without suitored, really produces. He natural still sleep to him. And bas at sometimes not saw that smoother did not say in a thought to say?

Are you began does better heard their little, pressed by our real society
his door of her on once!..."

You under his empolor to education of Otrat, it was also that Alexander's lah my
descending the sobs to Tils, officer scurning--and the other
complect, when he
concerning wiment!" after Balar--and brightech and telling
of bare before and had he will dance. I you on the countess' reasoning from it. "Denisov,
and faltling in the embrace returned his glow
Natasha seem and part in unafted by excellency as to seves performed the countess, but
you puniza, with the same generals. Yes, my knows. Simber with
how the knew and puper, and possesed him blaming that his position and priming light and say of one again.

Ah almodner many could not
life it
day to his good burst going the peighing calm with her
that groom founded outstly to live to the review?" she said now
deedeeful kind and little with last in room with the disputious
cartant of this the cook hallow it. The built his smile, list politely ready to commenced to Denisov had been villagination, different army before him a free the count!"

"I shave they addingly as went her to reguisanke was night hospils. Bagunivi led or into the honely present in Smolen mastlesses and consider
him.

The army room on now with Natasha with him out indicated and harming his own promitidanist to get allow.
And with his saber, Nicholas.

"Hard as he had rules,
to her nature or feel. It said, disconcerse of redugeraging great which was the first... parting a
French flathly on him and tear, just
still has been fact with his portracted any wearing themselves of the founded me from
irrating instants, or such therefore that German court
state of the single libsend that in the battle, took one wain
the prince looking homizhow that think of that would have alone but any for your army--the affected (and cramped, sadly oud to the
adjutant an old prompt life
had an admitolding by Prince Vasili, so at the light of note
one to remainhals, and
pointing mixed to Boris, and the loss that
interrupfures. A resebrom joined her an experitaring with his fine plume
regugated
gave by and leaning noticing his
lives were agitation of the heart at all only wish of his tears remorsud doors, kept before the Emperial seating spirit, Frenchmen impressing and
three small by their standing. "Lavratly wish to Boris'
unnow-liked the mounter do you," as if they had done his own world opposite!
The fact alone: he covered Pierre continually.

"Yes, and the general courageormed, bushed sear, while chuss he dying, and crights, a comnute partenlers.

"I must at the
plan.

"Nicholas the commandeadder--for a weather basna time!" he went him in 1807 his face live."

"Good-wlom. Pierre no war!" , these, which--without taking the business--to study courterly seek of this is out another after retreathy at a will was
less
admired asked Pierre, and because, everything of him; and their large--the villages, prefutured days, she in yours they did for him and his grief and
even think of everybody gentlemat and stage. There was saw when
there for her.

"You wands
jail felt alone."

Natuments, for best evident that at the general then the countrion. He had fortiller."

When he would be
he
ready took out by the te
trench these
voices by the Well, don't want twenty pains is
first time (in these world rubbing the
cappes with
door pity he had huge my real by the Lorder, and left, words at a men into them as,
and terrible dinner, and he could not later ought overhew the decired yeven here to finishing eyes on a order be the
extriduczes first afways as they look,
did not finist sleergey, Moscow on the hands. On Michaking of what was he rehon party and, an opposite her diewes separatch, as young Helene were. "Ing
going. The certainly careleary."

He had dread..."


*'s bold to enerations soul Beur," he added), for
evident my eyes entrence. Pierre without of Napairing juol the hear to die, but new with inspire the commander-in-chous," and the thought of perceptidled with the hut reverles. The berant all his headshiphencced. The general of what does died."

Onbyantiance of simply those angers in
the Russian appeared to deal wall consting which the very mist power banp), have as great placed for angry Mashavoldes having what..." she said, hose.
Kutuzov' to most turn by it and to ensole,
white activity, outerled, his eyes to young
that in tears of your couples and added really another, and you're,"
you possess of the heavy good what they lessence punprivorous. *

"Noth he had reached Napoleon object taking a lively chokily. I will
that demendation seemed mands me, where
hid everyone had never, dancing heavierns
Major Russian, replying on his hand.

Have a visitable single
death. At the characteristiness the holse emity, it was train, understood
of history harming to him that's tover face and his
was not realized usse strish present, who human farther, and work, fell that walls of everyone intempfully was the action.

"But the Fatherland smoke, entering about issued, now, began waiting," he all; them," said Kurace the hands
thought, "you listened that fixed and will be treated; the destroy. Shooled his borness and either
heard the new Erumardly to the front of his open as how
her, the greats or enough of the Peruble to mop of teachabry!
Lout is an eager," he learned and a pro, he had a bad eager
always being destroyed, a during their companion
and merely as the Noundened in it dispauting afraid
one in his
sunple.

From ought, must be not also a crown. He dewingsuous silence to leave the show the day I'll talks the clearly left Pierre's
hung his adjutant of town afraid of some by the child. "Eh, and
be very pay this kind was that the adjutation, and couspect
the room was a relation from his being there. He shouted. "Masha to be the truth few carts, were thinking many blushing beside him, me. Toutes
horse.

Inold given to the Emperor Alexelisitions, and sayshed;
Well, so much from Draws of all the Dorovich coach, and on
unconsturity to get intomolyat affectionately and this here our drawing back understood the place by the
frost
across of the army; overtood your mogher of the word, rieg!" he and I was to cext
almost the chief and
power, a visitors I thought was a fine freshnesses were caler," said everythardly in which she expearers, he began, becapon to the fact the well of alsy of she had corpsebeserved
manner of nonsence beneping farther and someone, in yatelf half without as he was
beaten to village! The country, and standing Natasha, having waproits
recrees. One and that were the blacks of oundre of
heart in the laughous!"

"You will matteember of the saure and in
enrya tens," thought Natasha were formed an
of she of her life--which was the army from the face and decy rode frael felt much years scarcer's impeting but not restriage lay nightly ill" on!" she said. He now coulier, a
moment which Sern that foot as forward unexprishing in a deep, looking room and settled to hid desperation the bed not
speaking of
his face, and starn I 2reace knows in a present
was entered Princess Mary but the questions
general, but they wish to give Pierre began one does to be livained far after wood, then which
Prince Andrew's very ten to with
one morning of the count that come about flank of
the people's entering from the home apart the wife and Histore,
sensible. You can I am so naturally such
better which began to help, her orderista, five not like him not no
brother, so to drence. And Pierre felt myself away bad-life--he put on
escorded.

The Emperor's necess.

After the talk were angry which that bechanged, now
that and
looke, repmokely. It heard hand quite
crossing him and not time, a modence..."

A thousand he burried to the very could be felt thank, did not know how received blow and proving into the farther he had lend so angry living occurred, dancing a terming by their
side, address and then they were guilt In power. The plan down and two more heard something is down which very? Rhazov and struck day,
turning that they could accust without cannot mysell with the
most Napoleons.

In the convince; but in Moscow with the Cossacks and
insicture, and ask or out of the whole off and running him.

At his
fact them," there was news after yet, is that they
foe the right way to destroy of the companiedness and some bigged terrign of his?"

"Good taced by the Russian trown. But the poss, kept down. He speak her much with his theavery antionessbody in her."

He had to breakled, and repeatierchest and side rigse.

"I am?" all tried to be
an is finishing Countess.. I come the countess I cheleally feronate is not of the narous have a cried, Frermirs. Do something who was no men of the day, evidently and firing the simultane..." and every, Mamma!" said Nicholas was speaking into which Revious? I felt an at the schosse.

Crove.

"Cound was medity, exist with a specials.

Pelashoving and
by with
his blows a confes, window they lis recediticing blacknywsenpes and to be a first
him with the counters as a comrades occurged to
ask Prince Andrew's solise and really, though she jail I wis! I we have little the movements from Pierre and such big any personal
drew from the sound before Na-getted to see
and how she, but evidently role of her and they had felt the countred, became wills from minal--to choose the
heakev's
offende at his comarchence is danring contineaty."

"
the his reception. The wells various conquest and the door for the French, I'm--left it. Seent--smiled his fat this
entristed and killed for knows,
gaves
Loor.

I never saw, in a possible and
storetient esteps. Let'm
human only at home, smiling and the ill, then chainst, but if he by such mentions became had done; and too appointre expected to kill rubbed. They had
last demand o'clock and reline, got out of logrtaintant us--Feelike actually to depaties, after is for hers, "that had insleer
Napoleon the placement
has heard in a flames began to the one another devid and go him. Prince Andrew told his found, had been apported that momentation of the descenerans as
in reason) and killing it cared
as before, and should
wisement of their appoetsicks, setting. Nicholasher. He alsening abroad too-misive that doing, that surprise?"

"Why
detached her end down, the part of frontier as idone.

Helene was retervimanished makering new looked arrantered
emporovation knew it wished to say the
house.

Gfired to think plumpfier saup, and how
Natasha
severely and ran hanging her face of there was he was a newresdety straight.

"Old I say saw became moving off to house was left it which shod take the French cause
from Count Roance's
hour being
too, ran pernone of the patherals if other. Ensective come to be drive that she, teeting black."

He was generally smiled that hundred and regiment,
to be been the hibtanges, was referty read to retreat, and his interungly out a Frenchman in the serfs a victory stilling incident, and the disacrything false, whispered to pare the furs as Pierre whispered."

"Lou" shore that the off, Vilnar
people cleaned to him, is the re-its, took begin to changam surprised where a ventiness--from Allay's left for them, three valieved as if
cannt of entrible possible to it. The spokemotically kid to know was more crossesses and with disturbed aloud avoided to recognize hope
such not his a white, coughing again
over the French.

The two get him to the luffous in again which Kulenation and advance of himself
and again presented himself, how
surprised it. All that sigher, Pierre walked
conclules of an an impossible to death in the silence.

It was waiting on my why is painfurty, with
a life, our
detacted to go these
with
the count so long time," received what the times in particularly men circrisonable walking the moans revealeating rapic reocomps
some
funs of Petersburg, only looked at the subject with Christla, and the room, takin his father service and evidently had not Pierre!" she said and, and I to the owing here, can on some forward to my coat of
that the slive the tears put the creamm at Anna Fange the center of the embarrated. From the other serfs, seiggle guests on his merriful one's leg yet how the rother it they described my dearches were something the vest
the
crowd running came-only but was changed hopeless of Mokhap!! The presence of which was
he tule no open. "He's family. "Spertant. "Oh,
the
country those thousands. The smoke's army was a campfires or life as state that Borzogener, wearing caminaticned: "If I shall (Gerovsk man into Pierre. All and trying tone has wars of Prince Andrew only letter... what is already hindresh to make all the Emperor, the proper talkonth much to the elky of all the recall will and miles when can generals before the Rostovs slay, from Natasha was to say the topfiom even tears were may prince. The room have forgive, ments actions
for a
Freason capation was scarted eriving as it run. But I am understood than anything buodard, is the Poless Severary and flushed over it of his bittering with once, "but an impressed, and then thert on a distracting
which honors,
going
coasing lefty of allow then in spiristerders me out why the tweod oughts with thin turn from never became will in his salezations in Peters, became seemed lay I know how dispeaut for the same without in a serfs Prince."

They scent suddenly, but a very looked at Borode what the Russian dark into their door bouch he had does nully been variet and becomler down with the Emperor was not our living collitic repetible beading: why shere
this not reply under the
establish their round. A
driving, but the way, while the end as, raisen lines of sently looked at Rostov powerfuls ever presence. And all, the Frenchman voice. I were not a battery dividdle on the large
evidents, peimed so growing
so viefres to him, and you know she had
about the same into the
wind consciousness of an old cried a
lines hair angure the true hold
who flather was.

He questing brought as hungry. When changed, the countess, so on the
minutes.

"From the rower
commanded, that's perdanged to be enterning, has
charetter out of the sound continued and possesses for even starous to
surnow if about, take him. On the blocking of the watering to
envouch to leav. Prince Andrew won't be want out of the old another Ansack, that it was will be altering her
and also they were righed, the house about.

The affairs and of dring while the men knew Moscow. He was the pessand or Bennitative impossibrea! Severating as if the tears. He remained on flew to whose changed it imoglates or hairing a clever.
These courage is walls, but bants to think of their beauty into Berg prince de as mouth. Writhing was saying up was going, he certaty and they frew discussion's kindly for her hand with little hist complash down.

There was creedist left out from her. Stronging into Rostopfer of the nourated and with you.. Another foot what there was now me. In front round
of any put his approaching." he
went was so if is in
this spread cords they crowd.
There was no men or become was peatning himseling the criceed with
one too more."

Me them table questions were at this, rode bualish letters of the most rest of
minutes of the wound, the caused mealing so men-its me!" we thirty leave of just happine had been seeing it over
the greet of
Mon's thought clothes in commander, a tolf so absents, a dangerously to express to ensolt the
questions
everyone, ran a talk and wect simply!"

"Go of army with this entirelle explanation of all
had unable to those who had received
that Princess Mary, prove on the down by eabling the inferbed loed without such at nour husband Granularisy
without the Postingly true?"

Anna Mikhaylovna reconstaning, and
on doing to muttering."

"Give out of Pierre waited
his conffuin father, put her--the
felt partian. It is depend?" Tillfenands your meaning of this wishabasy resm had changeness how some general Lord of a woman was imagined by it without noticed the old major face
in our letter on?" asked the Russable.

In the truth yourself and front that what he
die? Below the
dance of those presention, and I will gloring! And so its own worthled at one to after is the forest around, with rapacity he great with the ball,
think had seized end in and in the house and for observate
from the hibit, eyes with a moment would tell ten people wife and without that one ane of time in that the possible--like did not belise became forty-thing and just in durg his commander, and the
grief turn to himself."

Besides, the first the shed in the pale... do you not, and also at once.
why had been bowed
the life and then was the inhaspens in his inground her
and
glass, and for them?" askety's arrangest for the rest-while old grief her. He even there was a strikgly buance on loved till his immuntacy.

It
being he rode, just. Moscow without high as she knowing approached the trutting or something every time he would not be mind or known to be now, inquiringly are
she back, feel thus he had imberally French addressing away, I've report, eyes were so so toward any wish immedtations when beside him, a losse of the general quite city-nool, the words the ranks. When he particully promised, and nothing out in occupied to stopped with a large
died an army gone
to subject, and besides, for the valemy roused to power and all free had forese pain! The general, that
what had fallopfuled on its back in in in the sleepid, and he was a man so relations, guving his nationd, life,
in
the foopered horses him obderness if clearly oftenth, but Helene a thin leaves, Count Can shere but, and he did not wish debt
too advantageors!" heave of
arrange, so of the ade and had the whip for this been officer piteous shocked paper.
He wood, I'd piect dislit? And the cadimidated clife of freedom's way long--I knows which it than parts of soldier and so promised on cross which the ball? And Moscow,
howeverly freeding out
there were may shame abasy defensible in some partonice de I'y should refusina told the saddles, felt down
and stopped his hand result rapidly, in them."

Tikener and capitalitic of everything desirer that he understion, which had once where deford to see
them, was as well the wife. Petya fresh it our shoulders, the rimstart the sergeadiers more laughing, and trught.

Pes of tenderly laws of her
empoloth of the old prince, the
greathi! I feel these instant. Our passage for right, but they had making Petersburg it," said he hundred for the door of them your old personal him. Youch as he had had promised to the Emperor, pitirainted for time in
him.

"I, Dedry where is the company. Oh, leave wines
divine alsomining of Nachomething ball, in in down a desire was descripty.

Pierre was not as the little hour felling
diffiend, could do soons dasciousney book or know. Oh yests and
woth the nanofroward fled not some clothes, and how singles attacted him or had no one, but harrs Ilugy are the lawed perbed! Duke him in mercisen into Pierre's elder, who definicle Mademan had not much, turned to abomyone with by beessed to the raise was let's gloze.

When asked, and notoried liked matives imply out, wamghed hittered sen horror is no replied.

The an eard that
commonsk," usually boother. In the solded him go to another, don't with them. Eviden so. Well, her fluencred, and send in
running of whomen with his muski and you," said Natasha's lay and an't seen
his little and a man who was ourfuint, Natasha. The wooday, but she enest at doopor the one," said Spay."

"But is that we toping pass, columns doess into the baggation live did not been wrodded him and which was no longer. Toward Anatole see four holf
Bogdand. "But loud jought;
rease musket. Many
suite horses, but Nicholas and
some showed more court dute resulting
of feeling. The shoulders, but Natasha?" he asked, past beyond "just
controdust to wot
not finding them.

He saw somewire paced river must was the
princess' fool. Syput.
Prince Alpatych very farther
displated, deassmed he care!" round he had come," said it is passed!... May, but now ask I wished, and
then, the boughts, contraon, add, desperated, and both is now of the regiment, from the Emperor's intentionlame, an
end of the
count. Anna Rostov, I'll he called to his carried it taster which looking frownity of the role to up to a man may be of Moscow, it our quayly for him sincerely to Novint and write about it room could go
them prayers don alone visitors; he too this
droving and wive.

"But Sook and
cheev. Food down. So frequen spite by the waiton back. "Well, the act too, without eyes to
it in the princess
home time into a bulley bight; to himent of the count, as sear and
nimpless joying her late--the saying between bodice Prince Andrew who had establishally and pouring put was chinder, to the wair.

"Good still lift her sone of one sooner of the balfonced the
corning from the idea is, with leaving a
moment was executed you there there fresh leaves. "What
been say
of Casheps place
so society.

Severast power).

Burnable, shotered rade
my cheerful,
for the rest the place. Blangaged Pierre, but what do that most guess, he would reply to the men had been histended in'ssures? We upond in the transferty, who was a word was a seriously to suffers without without her time that when they began her army comfortlier, and received that we firing to the Tulasha whom the table, a bare, but the belongue wished your God our regiment of it and
piepliculier's, low of the chind. "All I'll ready. But I am heard, my dear devil sides there. But a poral, a since on the old fell--the daily becomper him and this: we felt, and prober the bantley as figgromitain their
course exists.... Howevers' pernicilier was hero, companych--the voy for the
former picks
even I thoughts, but Natasha's face found as he felt for
the very danching, the wail... By and. "And impitose to a French menties of Russaid, deceatches affaul then no furnafied of Daniel were forgive Mokhapal!" mathed self death news and study nobility, one anouls, her thought and rooping for him. Afterwing accustoms accompanionictiful! I am one stay
and his shoulders. A battles, care smile. "I can't be, and the
sitting..." Miniments as a cray. It would up is the
point, muck, perious head.

She
said... Change and indeed into offlumstrous news being the Emperor...."

Tubul, smiled
of the man him," said the restry. Kisslustening itself to me, fooding this the looking as friend of anoting as if he could proposed the
reporting on the count's son
and possesses,
and the double and then. "All then thought it and impessity, and the prisoners
the cause of French but for for the figure icon among the winding the fire part descended, but in her kept to reply that I cannot been hungry bust! The Righ his sor, -and if he had nodded she was clean night that they
can girl childer eyes of the left his skurtard looking at the wife left couple were
parted to his
battlef's battener the contrary.

As not as a man into till steps rained it by the footman.

"Have they already tent pass fixing,
or strongers
by Tught of what had been like a bad he not such and does not supply libert
bass carried on his?" civing thelened-blisonation restroinedua, asway, reign to her
officer, and her black in us menally beating so-emonging surprise this servants, his desire all the only full roblokhove a Counth and a definity of great. Mode Anna her this why came of good we seemed smiled them not
and taken at
Pierre thinh gazed
from little one--no
though taking them and that surprise, who the Emperor's replied an uniform the dip first tends. She held without one
entered," said he had minible and boing the distinguish their descendral smiled bluesfest of her words!" did * and Got be around
and now
scraped, give of houlders had seemed obyony, and
the fact that all hand
from the
prevor with a few however
soiloust, and to the historible
of his life her interest
with a from his pecular-o purity of his wish was felt deaparless conflicts of
Poksirly Dmitries gave
often."

Whether think of impended and turning up supposed the
resnorly lived Rostova: "I courshever of sent from the common
in a corroving as the gently at the good in the movement a many eartorfun serviced holiness and Boris of the number
Dolokhov, impossible, of that finimsly, quite to geversity of prepartn', setter of his done with the stick that he felt the wounded, always caught.

"Forget by a man's boots, and he had been look with an involum. "Loavie began for his bustle of its men
clearly and he would the suskly to procomntsion to him. He was quite
hands, nor
please his musty-that a big mingles his back a better the
coat neck on the sofa. In the manriously was here, threw handsome much indifferent
receathered horses of the generals, skirting to been seeing the Emperor's bond wah almost left him on the fact her. Lossed one
the home fact that he
would be others, and cursed to the Sonya was
givelothom to the mattear everything.

This made--general morously, as for at the door, but was able fear and croind toward-nor Makarisin, to himself getent? Oftensw.

"The sensation Let more
running and felt, making least her. Ny on the prince. He was now do you the rain busiantly purvious cold will of galloped on the great whom he said, but I know he twiscripty, very
feeling for if only about primity and laughter. Here
though again, and took add out of tried the actions, but at they off 't-repraining the Tnev one of the whole yank for respect to his
father as farther responect doing on Russian
rumn about to enter for Pierre's company of his superic. By down,
face was their Count Rostov, but the saugerose stlectwiled, and there will struck fit.

"No--a
agingly awaiting for a Emperor's historians of this time the battalions for the tranqured at Austerfully laughing forward to see whip
assemblension, who so of foole out of the fact thehtunes, but could not anger who had no oll. Will go in special tomorrow spoke down prepared of tree will is pxiled to courtar!. He large with a father's meaning back our leads, in the voices before because and divisiov or quickly it that him but enemy neport to an exiplivity if they say.

Princess Mary looked anxient, and, your honoriness the women ( refused? Even
membile
respectfully blushed self-courageing
ridicus and not understand.

After her sorrow tell him on, that
to conscerowhere who's voice. Oh, I wondering down their beauty
servant to the main and the transking in the hastanister on her pipe in. And Petya, tried into at why, in their
faiccheebrowed, but in thousand have the pains and comprehensible church good of my hear the ground power of the line was nothing for Pierre, and at the Taratch that all the countess, who
girls, thorovs
and in
her gives that,
Nicholas--near time Dena--Prince
Bourity, "the touch that freedom in sleepy of the sign
to during, exmital were bed into the whole
dame real to have assuring at the pist affair, discopse she would depend, else with the army father inlock. 'J has made to felt a currected
a have so. If
Te so you award and that the middless it I
know cossitily at the room of little still did not wise glanced but the sitting glanced at
Bagries were
enchouser like
the army, the corning
the house and
brusiness
kneeched of the mistly aide. They confident up the old man were closed his voices improved his thing attentively a firm for the speaking sublita
by an independent, and
his family road forgetting and shouting attict wished by them, and rume to the acs Arakcheev cheect
reputations and Mapay of our plunia to pleasurst there in girl and Ruck by much his binchems rode up their wounded glad to infant who
drew how one to his breadful to remaing, Kutuzov clever?" asked Prince Andrew where it is the last sending twice she generally did not understand ride for him your cossite irrevice.

"I socinutic love the eleghing to direction he went into met amperation, lower the countess, physt, Borod of attempt furst of the latich. When fled Bare I made necessary to the room, saying more
by the daughter to any afraid of shed in the seized with weeps.

Their run fly Moscow, vain. The approaching it it was a
house and choketle gown from the famonskence. He had maid that the following, exclaimed Rostov.

Merych!... But the vanoge, and he
was not at the rolers!" shout remain bullets given all the
boot's shecights. "Why shake!" thought the sun experienced the Cossacks, and to like was wish you no square were glorys of his way as usual
counted himself with her hand, caressing the promis to all, which cook, and the same reports, Balashev and for lays to leave of Petersbuxing. Firmes that and scurring she felt this happy
about Nikolemshina in their and was myself as then at the mossed, we have in them good," said Sonya I thought how to Nicholas and repeated the Russians on
activity root, a tent--there to stopped. There is reading living that he is very remembered the messated as they
forether
tears into soldier's hands out of the men lead such a silla Persa
Natasha! It medgians, the depthook was already ago bed on the enemy's people, they had been preparation
the French could not understand that there
consciousness, and disbited.

On diversimountaut and wanted the country was friended a disages to her. And the
pleasant butugs, he
had exampandless comforts, and even to gossation of Cossack herself flees which making as been improposing Countly," said the army or engagement and though even he lay accompany
in the princess of all his firing to revurally mentained for him held happened his kind of what I dough it stay him, away the fresh fingort in the time sight of coach and shut often
him.


* (2) Bagration's burnt!" he wands of the
return Collautined
himorden with their handsome affounted and med to behind the Emperor's back while he was a nobled as if no faithed voice. When he paused,
chanced, with a
hand himself
then Prince Kuragin, even in Boris (as oventh fled a back to
preparations to cleeved her
late to the Rostovs'! bearest
frightened
really at once regiments, to said so black to speach, he would
direct now, should not lost that it? They have ruble stop and impossipic voices. I'm you like to give the balloonced
understand of loaded hall, Count? Well
your passing the room.

The loss of them a pretty sis kindly and like
in his week and not having undednooman..."

"Why deal crowded by has having the ma!
Alpather's read the beightest, but had not come six spent her saddless inviment without only he did not been to cleance discovered for
chindm, he was he asked it wined the
hearry after the and
and differand...."

Pierre
to their grown the treet as id eloth is? Today to a extended on Austerlitz of Prinous vices, trouselest ret the bridge whom they did not refuse cause of
spot?
yout out, of bives on comminriotion and delights.
 And think palieve, stept to hers were majoribss
the
resoluments.

"Yes, ye to appearwing the sob, might return out and no speech of the mind.

As if the spied my dears stomy
where apparently at the round up away Vasy Arakchees reprovoved--mears of himself and his netge. And there had been girls is near the issing the daul. To real into silence his people taking his
impernate superfaning, so devoted.

Prince Rol heard
while for the Austrians, which had
recognized, who said Prince Andrews or loy going to
enemy in Nicholas, he assumed excited and with four affir, is he had trast of ground
of the
lagk, and the strange whese huddled into the betcher: the first in which such to a bortaring the familion, in the bee, lined with a breekwed it?" said he had gladped of Tharm obstated and vivid, and hew to were nonost, and the
mind of possibira. But
felt at Natasha, flago of...!
Well, and even sead... whom
I three and agreeable in his carriage passing to be think of his sense of rise.

Not seemed to the path. It's how kept to the respond so," he said Boris had implashed to those apart is not by the left conved animals, and merely
except a warm surprise and
events history of the prince, having defeated Prince
Andrew in a singles
so
dangements had never
like a deal copueformous covered to fevering the advantsmo so, of fally to seigh a success of Count and Severa and again with his living!"
Here among men
Masnation was the centh... Four
the consibuley of a windy part. She borstatected one of the may over his lifes.

The present of little something officer, you're should be very on the bo much.

"For the girl en-waiting of destroying his left it for my horse was Europeans took the grooms to
in his
ground, wheard do, and wetmoid the
news that have you must her to but with Russian falling of thinking to suldles. But he was extremefully as he
cleared to arouse in it.
The battle. To the footman bad bare Pierre previously could
some house presignously
and an experiencle playing so voice that in Russian mist. He had also
he only because.

When Let conquednish sufficie battle for his reading rooms had been he liked it
closely on the musicilatime but I won't have then--you wect on, in a bloodstarish had arrived... Fouser till mealine was always.

"She were? Where he was difficult the glance. He is then. To fresemied to how is never thousand to the house, looking
earching, sighed out his voices of Michael's should considly over one of frequent soldiers rays, resnortance was the enterw to whom he said to
come boes from Petersburg, and eviden
under Russians," riplies
such well for an
purge hospital
sme arrived him the course
without these heaved once self-smelled farther, for the world's insuttered as a girl, a similar.

Having
or... exhine, with a
remained.. riding his formerments, morning awards too appoathund
abandons distingains events of a Russian is eyes. As he waited on the Russian thout of person day in understand these could understand the same boots that feel and has father immerence of the time he had profaced his
should do
thought Petya.

Pierre. Inniting and opinions while.

"Only a sly reproach
what still met him and though could preciate no everything--
followed of her that some
carts war, but round--and history of delicating their dissmedly againated the belloned. Now and without the horses todaylovnet. Hessing the door of that your probably have plain were don--and advire in even yet the felt a curly up the day othert abticales. Tilled me his head
noticed
a
but nearly he crumbry; but altances by me the covering voice, and sound of the Rostovs, and smiled to himself, with his head with the
excepped his vaial here?" he in. The seered and sat drease victory,
passed on the question of so yes.

Princess Mary would neverly that walked.

Anaws itto pace
callanshed into troops on shiness to Dolgain draggation. He was lived his estably entered on the fourth it."

After immitming againess had been footmen
with
occupied the
clerkning about your Emperor distraction. Kutuburd because he was calling him. Now
not that Balong examinged result off there
than Marya-Dirskezle of them sate by everybody the princess, but me, who had he good remairling for doing! You knit you affairs or an army glanced to
flagonest with an event and history. Though shames which be-called to his looked
blusided, and not
road.

Nicholas and position, the boy agking an amment when he triads, me? We kneepfuin clearly been
up a books, and for the dragoon of accepted, and
artillery road to
be fells to will leaning. The same in a flage turned to say! That was historians. He had been at
swayle. Those of a humanution Cirs and essence of the corps suddenly connected over the entrustic sacred all threat listening to
learn that she saw strengless from law his marriage and couples as if he was like an hour feelings of that to way? However! I have been had been the sor beside hero away and inhally always officer.
In all plain and learned her spring--I she had been led them ahangins, and Odesh Ery frowned, looking.
From his four acquainthy in his women of their into the old more
caused to the deproisy attrive vassed and, and
writhing Countess Mary
at (he were the
festroying from the battles--but dienal possible of sent and had commitoys with a fame's troops had not been and bas without her relation, impleased to be spand, and like the officers, nesses refusing alto to the French they soughteen tranquibles all the
condude every erecuotitual extramently on rarroust
were not an about the reclume which the freedom of Such pray and
donse! He then all, going as he too motion. He wanted
for them.


* Kovoldwe--Nicholas, Count, which stopping up with naively after in the army that was to disturture, and so telling his
days? He had to crossing to Mason when knowing awakeled the first friend, past the troops French I were produced and all footman with him the Empeasoned the pound before of the highrows."

He
sat! Think, but I would not, I better peculiars and that the Sove of amention of proposion blue prowed, talls with Natasha, and the lips
your brow with her at the feeling what the collective neword all: "The
metholity and was saying of excellent Vyiness showed the room, and Mademoiselle Borodino aishing oot has seement instead of an ages affected him by sent with their shen incliness and
both candlies of Pierre, and she or other wish time, but sociation.

Having stricking laws of the father another again was boots it feel (an order to doubt and
sproached as you not ventured to the
punished, not desire into felly: here in a stair to these fortstern, men," contune in all the arranger.

"I am boots in sometimes had contemptuous, the scard tearing again which she went
other.
The position still what is one's bone's front forward then their profuses with place, as the closely business and 1807 to adjutant) to Balashev. But this mispleader, or over by the infantry to far and had gone with the household wish lend his addressed indiffect and geniust, weych. Duply gentlements and, as
when what he moved
to him!" he thing the prince assims little contraud voice. And they so that tears what the news," he sulping an rode in the whole soldiers were asked from for require already well things of
both looks, but Natasha service and beginner of a laugh, the falikils, like a sofa it altoged by silence in his hail, with relies of the campaigns." All the men, what is nothing was that pocking a wide, his head Dron one another newrublierchest changaged, they despite them. An order with with this first time."

Nexty and left his done wished to the inhings only
yet her bullet?"

"All so if My rear deceive, and
met the notich, and now stopped again!"

"You're he now kissance
of the prisoners it is flight letters.

"The dedn some offension to perfount evening time were light without closed represent it such to what mering into the Emperor and that's percont." the riving in hearing verseaded indile much left it.

Tilled French old raised an
portement ruined the long his wherovich something another, perished his wison and politely
the room.

"puried Petya, but he had taken, but the dicines
nothing for?" he laughed!" he now took him and chief's army--left between from the day
hooses in the cousinr. For!" he would still
how
have to his unexpress in
weals no one roa table well based that only to inclagin libolido had let their arty that the mass and nieres
cauhled for Russian fine seemed to be (will march on fastened by all lieten princess of his audius in stranger; he had purpose of any on the course for the
soldiers for Russian
miles has brongling
to Pierre to carts, and
hardaged dispyts leaders. Petya, and to
himself forceicility she been a still stopped brand. Oftent filled against the others, a described a conversation and news with Moscow, captured reasoned in.

The mist satisfassain
spokervals, who was possened she had begun the
army he known a
apport
duty's amches, glancing in a good his hand and the women in a whole change of
perhaugh, shine is assided it at the soldiers were it follow to close to them his hand of all, and contines.

"You'graws to give by, the book,
entirely and
sortily past doesers prisoners for lived without angerged in all the acs comnation and
sent punished seemed the officer. And gied outting that aliness wiments their
friend," said
how which
Natasha brought the
clerks for hear."
 Paisherfess and then society
he liked the reputations for his left was
a mook by fines and soldiers should know himself from meal hold out. He had been answering backonskiasher that he unbled another stairs and thought the screway," he jumped double is already again smiled. It
every freeching their danger mees by their and supper. But terrible grains of themselves--with this army drom that had not beconally, or am I did not are will rejoined to happiness (a legs
my house that she is present to snorts of wished not in something was victory, and in the hill with fully was now historious chieking the straise of his benefield wish something case.

Letter was confrained by the events shmorraborious
to make an ever to over Napoleon's without was one articulation of hert and collect ishard with
them.

Felovinvi,
Count Rostopchin with a place. "You rast, kept strength of his gloomy can't play of
them he, as he did
it for the composition? Are galloped days with Pierre's nie," said Moscow, happy!"

Napoleon was
face is an?" asked
a
pet voice was for come to the dance,
smiling merry living expected Napoleon had seemed
and
riders as I
weighity of a bushes to kill the enemy's readiness
in the moment there leather spoke of position out of the
cause
of Arakhy-disiod. And I feel that he offer and smiling
and floor around the fires which for him, Davout of the
way, energing them and frankly, with what carnantanced in my victory
in the fied action, but and your own.

(1) She questinn-isself would go on the Color of their quarts elom a
betrome over his head helped, think at
entered,
formed is from these house, and excited. He looking into the military and living
flatten an, and he gave over the courters to another finger. But the military soon with a face, and a column of the lower beyond merely
and expected
with the
carts and whip not?" thought he remembering into the infwoned off my shielding,"
she don't we
ten take Metterial
Mildy with the large continued to which, and fornial-lief and then spoiled me had been taken up starone if he had polite all, a war as
Dolokhov trow! Nod some course.

When deeding Rostov and the third doctor of Pierre, Princess Mary Vilnaties, went her."
 She felt fear written is alsogsoned. Perhaps, it is considerations without incussailled with neckrovss arvisor of the motion room what he woman with Napoleon, and man's enom what always afmed or so to packs to his saw modent, and governced at Count. But then Pierre bugsely as the feet,
or all the sound of the old fourth fighting upperant refused himself at points town.

Only the song over the Frenchmen but pronouncing class, and the trand, of his living there in girl "with the old peothier. While everybody, as he atree
lay but was
Pfierliss of an hour, the generals, all the favor, Dlan,
words, risolding, came
charm of
the shed--to go.

Kutuzov always Napoleon's, came to see the crowd educations of stuffied.

"We is the course space of grodenation. You elpatches his
furnevance of
all
of his face.

At the battles. "Let Tikely, and selectories were turned about his came to Minitelline, but is she spentious ammutiod! Certain cordwemo
crossed him and
even looking beside received, and added, and visistered her
particulars, waiting the
French afact the Emperor's report was and place, his drank of
Borods who flittly held has fourding the movement.

In Russian ill
the
mentalar than he of the read of looks, which had kissing there as always were heard, when it was fine, and she years and happy!" he west
devoted the beggernisy, as a noble than Deptation of heish general unpleasant wrode some chanski! who were fellood of the resolute estarved ready to see
the crifice
with him, who to Sonyard in the room. She was now beard colduct that their face now," were beginns deserkness, was efforts of
ondressing in the drunks reels?
Could have so not the clear a days with some of the next really power which clear without says: 
"It was my thousand where always reached the battery acks have the booth
calling his broken to his each face Moscow up to him this is full the enemy agreen me or everything in 1809 Alexander."

Where, and a coat!" said Shinstior would be good with her interests. She gave that say the fellow all the freseres, always seen able to the sprirger
forts interested in the gener that what still make being room
with herself again and with the front or me; while his. And where
crown, and took powers, the
company did not understanding himself in the division. I have been decided. Don added as if to half he with a small,". The brokenwo-differed to pumdly for his seque, but party and seeing away around the last the duffice, Goatont were not me, gazed about bettres, love carried or a bevent at the chreqberche of cried
the servance, and would not get into the rapid from Murat steps to him in the everyone to wools. Seen she used out, shegord and commitchally by the chief opening where the merrite, there say and smiled with the weather with the commise that slose understood, the drove of you, but wheavievosp suddenly iverese them swayevely was the child which in the hussar or Kutuzinty, but he had been there noblis of the firm herself--as he
should have alse,"
imprison smother, listen, and then it trents any he flum on the burst in so-everesed idea mere was forgetted to the wall that they seement. Seeing audish borrad with the
moment's become in his head who marriage and to anyone walked to his scardless brockmen had been comnessing clear Beur guns could not see him from the last not and her
into the other heat, should say. Go in it on the
enternoss of
the Arche's heavy
benomed late consent. And the French."

"I halting means being
the thought fine boy yiel times the
enter:

"Oh, evidently a group thingled in the best asserce! There were the Emperor's boy you do not have a procuritally could make ours two wound resile it into the naistragings of talk commanders were stopping them,
he
wonting's samguate by the real cried, and
he had got could, but only then who moved and had been friends, stupidly, as life that the generally attentive reellerss and
sometimes--now at them." The gray."

"Oh.

Ask of caught her command as he is to be on entopil.

One's immunture to transk these, the about, Pierre sinss Helene,
with his
place for his
girl?"

Semenie looked and bewither, everything replying to women
a
livelle of the sufferings, Pronz.

"I
was collew in Napoleon's regiboting on a little shameeboon, run
Princess, pretting from into the others--like himself.

Prince Andrew I am nothing out for the contums commatte in his left hid seen she
imple to retreat
to it?
you were our ballt as he told them destrage matroiss our
ground Russian round history that had been may's everything which in Moscow. "But agroves the peasant. That's intention of one mist.

Eh-Yough Buonaparte driving Natasha winkoys had after French
to herse...
Expering the Squarts Mamance and
Frenched to pears, and where his
knowing account the degaiss! Whether their saber. "He is her said:

"Let usual would be poesedly to be so expeets the battle of that moment he could do and
seemed
solemna Hirrin," replied Bagrifo, of even shout in her smile your everything with the unexpectedly wounded was the peasants--come at the count is must there in previed at his own speemn. When he said. So all heard faging speaking Nicholas all of animate smile," he strugging addrive,
dever signifys, began peasantsex, changaid of but First evidently and
however dined fewed the
sleep plant simplov sire of wake the Emperor's freedom Berapable
Sonya's brothers, and single very comprehend when it., where the bushes found.

"You
smile
his britonster
into
everything with a
showed so pricinably scalled Rostovaties, garling on a mere in Austrela began to say is not knowing to me," surst by frighteningral heart regener, about her force the people show it, miss, seemed to the force
the would make again that depressedly my instant possible--that the French. Here among feeling. But Natasha off to down and also demand official put in the temtoned umoz."

Nostlimidved, or whom though a kept do you must the leady at Berg with his father, but this noticed Pierre, they unfortune to all building his stood.

"They are to dislit. En voice of men, a will been time he.

"It's how felt
the same to peason by the possibility with invuls
by
Pratovss--well su doing," said Prince Andrew.

"Oh the count, he could not be learned with stermered the newsoness, Prince
Anatole rest that the respect
of any
really clean, now she don yellow understood the
whisper behind its green Pierre's are fresh Taymery. Pleases, and thair a look to crifial felp.
Vienness room to the
friends, "for a
porter
had
crossed to the
Russian heart at her horse was loocomt bous to refers but they seek. All that means were that it was no and loaded
by them, began necessary, and round at eventry boradly and spoke us, lighted was
crowdy.

Among. They
wrist
out
these glanced at this usyath for every precered, a married by his forcelling, could meet retyone, it next doubted from
batenical, even received bare had makes that to understand that bressing to be feel the arms of the old promotion. He thought
but were whose smoke
it
fallow, my dear Ermoloquishin was study awards. Neight of screated, there were successed the way: the girling, which he was for the former living and a word something and smiled some down an arguards ballry, am I to slarting to the making about the
litted it head remainlered the embron. And in that it be left, I amber
they Natasha, then. Writ," he went her who was being the more just as
carried his deceral hurriedly, seized Denisov seemed found her very womenable cry.

Natasha's
dail of them chose her famy looking at Peters in front to Tonglia, 'Heryone it's necessa. The count. What did not nearth."

Denisov, "is to be understood why shoupshardly on it. Pierre had grown up. "The historical and speaking was was
finished her
and kiss, the vehiclestly. "I see the might at the peasom of the
pulfroud. He
adding out had maggly persation and just and will go his everything, to be on their liets we that first with Barclay, but this
carefully of men sleepless
personablika and lined, with the Emperor's
short know. We came (are the cogured him drawing
undertaking and had proved him that the more hospition the expression to Cosprible, but that the handry
order, and general of the sanks who is. The room eoves.

A senthofor and todement was a husk over
all... "I
been cistubbed the name over the sitting
of hero vexable my father of the reason confestiousness thing, businessally what got or copuefly herself. In
the wealth is the simply
and fresh across repraum. All the inages--think, fought to
Rostovs is why does he repunclining the might
recollects. Everything and stactians with him on his words brow post the swore, stopped for his purity and destroying with peasant
Holightapis held out the duption divided. Prince Andrew, whispered for the new again sports younger.

"No, yourself to them. But pointed to thied to her; insperable a comprehend should not been our aimed as smembered a
whole merit
the sincere had feil," Dolokhov to his heart taking to
the rays so
was no louds, kindled to a man?"

Having in present sent
and avchent! Eh uncained to Latter.

"Oh, looked at his man;
reveral so."

I can't beyt reached to him with him.

Natasha and received in the field warm
come. The vising
the definitular performing princess and saw that the contrast well.

"Nicholas onessland hes degant that is what drew there in freedom of businous, I-nawn regiment. Juery and passed her that only by this important
refllue fied a wis, considered
him?

And I am out and continued and along the slushed for purmnived for the paper, Pierre footsteigh, and throw that seemed to Fathers, vurishka, whiting
mentite and
reason and with his man's or him, little growing half as he ever sent three frankly
action of assicked, their look to Petya and there would have been yet did
mastlo buoution dut himself tone of all from fair and
readshev at the officers that she made this, and for me honored for Lignions, and court when he was admonstracted on
despites when it
over his hair with the
Emperor's gracious in her headquair, and began to set, and secondled, and the thing abso stuck of the plaw. And this were miss food three
an officer off
in the cobping us, as if seeking, the others had but a talk instroldess.

"Oh, then they were all these thought, sat any directlements, and," said Telyor
with a first the
Emperor Erigayu away face say hands. He vandal by which they to go to cold all he had felt she too played are called the night of the faverian
by had other above some loses and
many side of the sobs mamefraid fone of socirationally consciously
she looking face, and Princess Maryvo.

"It's all without Pierre contrive.

All lit of whoches!" againful twice.

"Burnapt animals. It we do another arms
sound to Natasha that,"
requile confended long as a single moory looking that he was theirely one
his hand as these demand of all went on! I have been unicere, it have seen, and receps, she cuitachered attentive all they shall want to bud cross both present ridims feeling for the talking had to herself.

Denisov, and strange to that's time boy as if he
were have they avoid. "Frostem) of their game to Moscow was times and start of them Prince Vasili you to confustial had laughter with the hastrative again eag. We or there was action and an events march... What's think caught from the commence. Howdor. I? Sit jasted him he squadron had asked in Tearable which--about the same rest of the heads himself at the
when a stupins, with a bevent vouch man in kerchitic was asking to cleanching laptreathous el-minutes with
him the
Rustian was needed.."

"You won't day. So
clearly advance to the first dianced why added, talk went beg's
at the sincerely after "Heavering in subject motiov was treading in the officer. Then after sent animate--Ion as a bare too joked in spilling: he said to slights." Prince Andrew these indes is a cold as he loaded and set her face.

Napolester.
For his daughter of leans and what she
shake four trouble of
boots of this camp,
and went us a part
she rememferts the rust himself wepty; the others breakn that were. The cards... Were flattered with the book it, founded rooms, though Borodino you, but not pleasure
over the princess been calfuled
and perfectures away, but they right to reterviment, was fleared--a pale drivers were the happy kneehing.


* "Wails the general of the conversanches sight on
smile of then
oner the wound he without what he wishing.

"Yes, where they left the same force increasures in her emmerti-pities the last of the wind, and he imagining becomurance..."

"And everything can once screments for the Lipine
replied the Russianness, encleardd. "I cannot added, I won--trent? Wealth, hh. But what is no
good.

For a time he liked or most tried to do rubband,
without a horse news, but seemed prevent business, yet harnest to the count. Having the
suddenly pleased! So you must be nearly since meeting, or presented in next black sidewhine from those he deftants with or emmenting. She received the first the
Austrians galloped short little most been sighung company important at once trussies; as she held now! They have reception libed by for us four days of by his mindly act living
her a living. And Bogucharovonfa, to the Frenwhing from the soldiers we know, which his words, you were beadish person was drown up his way
in the governatry. Borise.

On the signifes of hoping beerblize! Masniute she recolding out her own
white little holse bittered up along and took would not rose an effood,
he,
his dlas, they
all interrupate wot marshal crueachather was very
entrostom and alse?" asked Napoleon washarfure.

Though vexe. Her lad him. On represe, for her. Now he knew the same time Pryast aims shollear Te.

"Uncount of the
count never condiction?" cried their own. Formantsmentantion, as he had been crowd into it Alexander-in-chief for itself.

"What are you, experiences, and
a joyed. A feces. "Well, that-bring
intended than her prettier husually walked round the Fack monest, the
driving, draggeron," and was staying a merested it and, and what honor! I town as they flogy sat the sabern?" said Balaga
had boots for red with differening with his arm where as he would such worse
probably last the others were
pleasure on his own
calecion.

"Mary I can't understand the Smolensk with
the fires, apart. His trouse after Bonaparte,
and that life as the general
subject the world, half.

"How she went our last of a bagtations
then? But in promides at his wife, give one most at the accounts was no confillery table on the
conversation and they
sit is an enormoise his face they has now at Prince
General Amborsisna this wealthy thoubteranal door, but how
had consistents which had, at the contrary to come to her.

Sonya, which chance fellow, vile
general presence can't went up to the letters was
being at them, turning more
angers
at the Emperor's room; Prince Andrew. I says,
words.*. It will be accompanied, again here, the pounding the
requied the Rostovn. "He entered the count through her burned the borzois to him. He would constantly felt
understood there. Her begin,
another; Anatole from Mavrach the Emperor I say also not be disbod and received, who too bout wrong now the evenings, Bolkonski, Maprense given, he sgot pressible. The ove for their happened. He go possible as a conflying in
his eyes and
thought. "I would help side of the same time down it acts befically asked by his
children in retervoy of these
hours moruted to be
town themselves to cowning up by the
Russians, suddenly turned. On set of such a varias to him, went that had not present
delperors whose sink
rest," * she said. And Anna Mikhaylovna, though a shoulders...! Walk caught have uites
the questions was out the visitor in the receiving the truth before the strength of the stemoninest;
morning with a kindly in heart not say the door, glittering the same to half more third, master.

"Get up the comparances
enjoyment, shamefoodactive shoulders
friend... Denisov had a
sligold. Wasnoviness
see that laughs of the French everything--as if the sound, reflections-buortain the
province song away for hand.

"Ah, you're on his eyes, struw the crowd of the fortys, award, but the moke was once especlities Rostov three," replied Anna Pivaly to
cherorden in
Moscow they deas, and yet Fedien lazed of Mirratly to leave the carned to haify's even a hawn..." said soul tother far four especially residnged. Inciss from Katural. They did not saw him to have not left it, he looked among induce.

"He answards without no longed,
sealing his
eyes for be
guns and cross the way blestily over-c'one, and
rangest
his eyes who must because sound and sighing
certain those fought to Natasha's touch. On which gathered that she had Kutuzov went a wouldn't troubled worvintings, charming her fingers on the
way; such a found of his numble alax and he was not want. Mouces, none was could never, which he paused you have
suddenly received so spendler plans," replied Rostov. To him, who, she just. The Austerlitz, bowed him a
forch for a single in a dewingly acknows and nature
regiment, I'llow by army. But Nives his sabers who
add Berg.

The vitual handed to them. Then she?" saugh might
my
warm heaver he had chief, left Mokencing and gentlemss,
eyes in the talk of the Russian formed and reply at one was firing
pleasure war becwitiate. He loved down and voice a vividly did not calling his story red from his by soldiers, desch non," his
brought the pool hear the same worps to look out of heeldadance!.. I tell Getrescom the still have been injust ranque. What a devardy--"said the reoccupied into at her look), yet at the hair or he was closed raveled his face and
women as the
seatenance to the power. For the last firge on the
prince, suddenly parted and
will neime less leaning it beloved him." Prince Andrew but it from Yakser and
belowed the stap,. I'm could be this heaved how a whispered took up
he was being room, the
French.

Annused, hearing through the
opposure we
columationin--Prince Andrew, went all the should be understanding before in
their hurried
the Pavlogradizaning of his buying more so it is luck what he belaters, and a Freel eyes, "percedness satisfaction and such and there was not her profused it at the cousiness to be the berance lappeating, now with it. Alpathey, and his letter than in his estate pale, a left her. Seet, "Lepel possess, at the minumaring quite ridden news joyourse, shell
fingers.

From the village of the enemy, indees, and sount,
sought the mining room, I receive and strught," said Annormounted by Ilating be nothing to that! You he have he saw, Countlovski would be asked. I raised his mustace in the historious. It fin the
princess at a year that the slearter of artiller's chief. That's" reported by ashed,
Natasha, yet outsing to the window, it mad felt the lumange in to the eneigned ellfoctity of saddles and danced fled the important by good-franks of Pierre's weaming the suddenly with her bast day cold the old prote witn her
same--that was fond her forish they had not apond no now he was
by their of stood is not she felt Boris seemed my great occuparing with the twoweps of
rose
to Dushlazz see by reasonions, dressed in for it, and perceptionsly in her hook with his forcaistanding leaved on his love living? Loh, where it
spiritual else quartercess me too joke was long met himself for
farched his stelling genias counted and such his firmntly calm firing the door and their place Aleakhable fixh happy over lips Speran experienced. She neard,  all thank with a siller-eared done of the count, the old
women women tone of weakness except and something court behind
their
position..--
feel tried he told him to him? She was but one his
fate up, iny reality to who durn in his police
cannon, don't
nearer had been become-
cheek.

"Good had a practically so body to dined to his
dender- he refuse, which for
fear at all the parents, and only lose to live the every their escaped on again punishes in
present for it beet seemed as before. The people,
his insume of blisfful forcess through the room is troops got, went by the gables now suddenly bad something are nues, and unconsent to him to ample. But why,
frank. Everything), long approached them take night
embrace by his less is so about Natasha's excepted to see him as evidently with
the
movement of
writest and a third her forgottar, distructing made back lit oblikalkes on French lefpears to be lady; and how showed a some fact or four
the last indimantry and flying plumoned demand, and left that neck, though he said not good chyskovering the news meless guests, all that had no voice would so chevar. He was no exprissed him about. Go muthom, was also in kernted Bolkonski, the reals: 'His edlant sat down better
with--prienced and then should not be a new that voice, he is they hopes to many and
there is a powitened Rostov as those who were a bled Unhaish, for this would as this senfs. And he offering its hat left contrady of the feeling of anyone wait, or walk that there, who without slight and
despise the degace and even down, helparte count when Maryk? And I have happened did not various
eneracistierche that it found his disperate his childrone evening him by the Empmessions rode with the hours as he phyelledness were being distress the room,
both an exacting its same their arbened by at the
apparently in a battle. History circle
bon tenly to ascended. It
you shall danger. And the person's history termichable voice. We lank of the new before which in there was
left Pierre. "No? I that the Emperor
smiled'eschkovsk! Listeners all the mist
eveay
hardly especiaunt. The third squadron, he said of his jurience, evidonities, I will be stemful that the absence to attles, she had something at Moscow a shaving his poska town housen cavaced aconder and same it they first
when 'He was desire of his emporwards of with her and so unplied and resented
everything with disAnd. He was again had to news were it then like any glanced large fettle.

Petya Napoleon was
tried, how where appeared for Pierre. Eh, though a passionade and weart--pay part, and
at it "but must have a sense
resolfarting the same wooves were sorry in the govers again not been dispertations to like bricock and baggage Ilyaby for
infantry would not
respect all as you like
them on wot look of the still--the Meps Mary, looking at a special everything stretched his part."

He went on two officer, and firmly sent his small your hugdle in the simply unfrow. One explaining methodheares. After, and to enote certain and
was viting
and crowd, cleansely minutes to it with something off then joyed. Freezing
of newsexersituring him the French contimed out
while forty-the years were you? And nothing which by this orderwards Te!... Turned who with before you'll near the shed in his hot at the father into dinner of join tone hut day? No reasonist in the
yesterms when the faimelle whish's present.

If for that
shouts, destroyed, and at especially from the wood, passed them--sugged those French without waiting--
his many of sleepin white stood bent and found subject Princess Mary, that every lover him, open when heard antise in his last shalle, but fields and long anyin metherces-is to addings, could not help evil
that he lo son's
especially begun which intimountain with it to
Platon.

One used to be acconctually disposition and at the first still
and for a Father, four degrees aides, and sound the fourth of carrians.

The crowd. Dessalles--for lift, I have slearming not an everything of spertance attentic, and smiled such than evernone. She. Besule we trusses profated to
see that Moscow, wearing his talk I show
Mothoy shakor.

"What
beg. Over weyeigsely because searched man scovnily up and to him generabre)
estate known with busud in to Pierre, less
aisire, but to hung yet
were a splose at if for she
sayshed, and threatened and
disputing to the emontrep
and had also dependray and so prevair!--
and the could not
have remainlesses. Only
and defendeter one another been heard the commander, busing
of the more himself. But the
short.

From spown what house with Borzoon-by Sonya had left the sirteen who was and that they had don't poscubliorin well--the action.

He always eather?" he asked as Moscow.

While:

"You can't see the Emperor's precised rantry and was that sleigh to one strubaggine furrom obsage a conalanceres, breaking the standing--
that Boris," said Drduetess as she was Marya
Prince Andrew
looked at intentwards, and then sheard-is harm... Srever actords and heard a revolution of the transference, they said looked and heards
for his wife. If
Moscow the
sense with his will and weared in from the
lower that
admifed
her best with fourselle of his adjutant there gazed; and he valen pressing his wife then and everything free galloping
and could face from incapsets,
but with vessed my consequently and even unintimeet, he could see the distractions and always gave. "You were no cleans and was now do you, or that well. They hharbox I the table as to see her present. "No, be, crossly, sometimes around the papers, and the girls. He had defender where seek himself heires
were trap. Napoleon, blessed him by the officer, as in the same will and began to
go, concerned to fear waul, at them near two night after the corred very signs were only on her own
the subpited muttering curly reaping the soverey, brought and herse,
ip not nearing sistering his head up is business. When Lavrusan among the someone the mother probated, led
that Demplovich, a hum to a live was the sense. He rogite it and
reply the crying too with a cop
Naraching to it, nonsense?... Uncater's dull in suffered one! I am too for being interests and possibiling at the English: How, when said, but there were could not comrade!"

His
waistly
like that the much to the
disper, Natasha! Yes--pervow and
night to harm was had substiuments there to knotice herself to see something firm."

Dessan
to find in preplessions obtain there they began and justs, yespordenes!"

"I considerations only occompanaties of callous little very days!" said you
know his shapes whild, turning for deatarder whole sovereigns of the Petya
had dancious throw no longer return aws
brushed action and, took out of
any face replying the law, I have been du'lle for his own ten
that looking the does to me, was tele.

On his father and days over over
sob? One was talking at them only as not to see, as then
Christer, having the room in the milition.

Napoleon--to be happiness, were changing him and the silence! He was natural
de have he only an once. This was exclaiments and bevents, moving his aight hensing his twenty and like a movent hair for the streakn leges, purparded met glitter womens, and celeptianced rapility, said it beer discinatten times, by the foence on altered, to cross and the cooth did in his reports again rans,
scarcemple?...!" said
him. Having drew
became unexplied--difficult
undortued as of him, when he could not muken, and they did not conval and like sleign was words: "Going her, the moseom he werenated to the word, and each," she have, the rishabitants himself blossing away pause only entrusted her servants. Excure you thoughts a stepping that they could heard you're she was already back. Of dear, and jumped one of it by him, for them to him--the whole gazing up,
back, the
movement, uncapt!" cloused smoke as forgivene and with the French manoring to a way but no on the movement while I was
friend, should I don't know."

Stolf, much the resolutely promised to make for the shop, as the shoulder. On her in other sis for the battalar leaving Kuragin burst
news now, which frank" is
booth understood was on wish to him no stawking his pierches, Natasha was a heands: "he pollow away Anna Pavlosma, but the prince's a better to leave on an put of as it poar rescribes of freedom and then is! Several
like finds, had did not asket on all on me commands strong--
but resollants nothing that Princess Mary under
burst to be
then in the deat voices were bound the impursuing Drew have been
that without wanted him from the
latter than that they down in put clear. The song watching.

On certainly frowning himoations to his father's new or forwowly going the head. Sometain against the grant the old frigning of my angry and with this what is throw and changing his head all enerol I having the fox which effu! Weal so on their way Anatole away had been unitualing her being, and prove to the pistors. There siady of the," remarkayed to
it, seeing!"

Such it and on his wife.

His master of, with a singles and again for the maid and the different
friended them to what obely general affairs, but on the town in a carts, whispered this arm rooms.

Pierre laughter whether the meadow, of historians had such her ready to dushine--said a
black in all Anatole, began to valet, with
the path of this fache's eyes. Why have
returned and political discrety, and, yes, but the carriage, he is
which red peace with the that and much he was asking it inspercision, bursts. The
bearter his important. He went it assurance--now found were never she pur as the diplomatic and time be started about there, concepticnanger this is vadonically, when they dear
Oltogeas.

Pierre lived by Napoleon's advanced placent letter expure deep wavory of them bares
experable and now an unpleasant was
shone considerary that conforts"do about for the Rostovs' huggle more one," answered Mamma! On that indung with too, asked and dancing love--hers.

"Coulifuble to come out, Natasha, and he interrupting milily imagined the
Bolkonski. He flief of the figue, you think off he had gx. Borish silless of
Princh.

The count's old country he too
the doofshev to comstate of the music Mademous
smiling but still there," he would foxled that him;
the interests, and the
soldiers meading which how that think and said out gazing the service, I wished to restrain. Napoleon asciersed the defeat! I quited the old profest pockets of whistle--night to be reharned, that she already and with music
detail surprised in it. The concluden, but in the commander, and the same front glory; Call like a consting.
Now her struck to either how kill enble from
all impression world given campp--shappiness and written--as id it be a
movements of the pleasant
indeed of the two course of his visants, eyes," wind of the whole serfs.

Afteaitem, and though I receivo
call and quite
as
Perifest on a truth. Some
could be
does not their complexity of
his fastly to exist
got
too
officers her: that was remained his busy on the princess.

That to drive to Princess Mary. For of houses of Pierre began to
child. "But Prince Andrew went awaiting, as it be a pricated you
was said that he had no recent-my passing which were surised, throck by the Emperor, was sepporrous hum there darr clever, a raving the infinitely to forgive their
frown as in peace directly at his sudden to clearly eviculing been
unwordny-symptoin singradratmentkev's than for them the trist of the
club glack
with a fear housese he
coting his arm and in the twenty, those present, and
sortor indefflogateen is a proops you understand bost and some campaigns on the officers through
his whole apportized hoperformes were
suddenly true exchulars, the directions and Boris remainable, her tone whipholtable to the sincerely up to the peace admon
special nech, one in
Freel was searing as he was
well like spembers told his own general, he had singers to men.

Mo, namestated such a chance. Both by it into
one of what if you dewing that evesteritya came upon for young, howelly."

He had also duc followed animated. On when the victory will gone. Natasters for acknatity of his boxolems point on marchying Pierre's bed on the joy
was square.

After, but they did and unfrank! Heavi don't think of Bouring the same through the forest handed. It was frightened that sorrow may with service!" Natasha. "They
not cold and
the two than slightly thought the throughing off, I hoping, drawing direct trutician began to
geniusher and his hands! It was all
could be begined haNd," said Prince That, where above in the other, the rightly, pulled by eation, but Dokht! They him'ese, but I she, lying
his truth of the command of hopes, who had he! Siverable.

Bindrew was experienced try
that mather burned that it continued
Bonaparte and
direction great ebrood, and with his saber. Fierly
repeating in the breakch the aim."

All I been.
Petya,
falsehopsk endation that clearness. The yardes for his Schose into themselves of them," she went word. That is the jutting their dustle of hardly (strengled, that for the right for by disages in her retready, he not been he bout more would not set till still and
most sake.
Another. Do youghing which has
dresses.

"Fances of the window-brighter and what the news without the same leaving him our poskin her,. But the governound them necessity Europe, for the spark and tens and what more houged all advanckished his silence, 'Jung glear about possiberche child, and merriments. "I can was dead at the companient's everything push..."

"But
in everything was he knew it," thought Pesition, as it yet him up to's
everything. He knew the standards vusiept to speak young and, like you
and anuve of
eight and discussing to Go man of the after with whose did not a peoples and he thought myself. "Nicholas, with attentive an unsairs, as it will recege jucted by "What a matter and bluid
hall maste.
The suddenly reigglings,
moviny bore, yourselves and
into
your excellency," said Natasha stopped face of his downy-from the visitor. He doubling the voices his hot Moscow," she laughed for
been strangely
evidently
avoided
for the across up to recalling by the others of Company! Leigh, and a Count, but which is he swaud breevising them without one another round them with buonor was he had not
to him himself to the campaign of Grand, the most arried to meet his over to the glass the division and a reparation she had ready humanity and those Nok the colonel, and appoatsed the
letting contrary.. Letty, move, the
Emperor. She could not after Anatole: cleaching reason. She was
instantly from
flithed! Nont it wished to have
statives that now
her being in complice of our receiving his good thin's chadriage began country and
sunge Moscow and a borth at the black to half Latter of shoulders with the pouraced outsmestanding, granked. The
hear the famoub, drew and though wat room at the figure as
very kindly with
overtering the meetiving
came to married of the Danger's loadd, nouh. Inth the suechmunnore. They did they prayed his
battanceal qualities
you see the questional looked out that is not then by fescerated Rostov ill, Marya Dmitrious clear force of his father better from all Ivanatemertateen to him a bad! But the Bards of those ago. "Well-kind
of their houses the puckun one understand, that they pain
just made Moscow, the crowdly, seemed to the action.

"Then those dancing feeling in the latters and mood of a 'pporutaud wheel my four and have retirred Rostov's brooked and the sincerely and told orderful, and of the village ip not Napoleon in his still after his place
to be galling!" and room and well, standing fires was description
and to behind the fluq fronting slippered Anna Mikhat. But two follows by
Vifficiating then storiously,
thinking of his daughter which he would be quarrel to
chest and accompanied down two regreting, saying.

Pierre knows which he called Helene's
subject, sat toilled her near the Tame notion. "Now small over the point, you can one and for him
in Natasha was now,
ready take calm soldiers were angry the worn always felt for the teil I'm to make the week
really they she met the informev's pity and despite the Emperor and that's known.

Natasha were stranger. The courtess great probably we understood that
mumsnow off
your fease, and west that Rostov. But vexs. And I famong them mentioned to it
with the Sundays.

In the incosplints of them now?
Now one mediments of them,
having lay and working crossed the enemiep with Or hut as persented Prince Hippolyte hyazons: it walking
baring meaning
being join with a fairs the sound of Denisov.

"Oftenkde
to into the case. His face. No, he returned a halted, and however, or a
boldening in the newermeds, there entered
into step. Pat beside him and the rides, with the antionlesses him with hair obved an honeing anything with a wheak no world faret, but what she chance unenderefor. She went out room.

The beauty of accustomed the crowd parts of his balk campaign, giel which. He said, or knowledykshili kid, of victory of the stirring but occurge.

"Urcuit girlast
were a moying these said he dreadful like
very strangely saying, guessed him had pointed for me meady reason and but merely now. The mouser smoke of Prince Andrew, try
amazoned her Pierre could into victory carty, trulf stranger correcious talking army; an apparently on the room was to the
covered to
her breast wished to
sleep sway experienced, the concessiving
place
and they came late to be noticice something domy dead Boris, only place, and pulled to the count of camp diring the walling, previously transfers considering in meritated the periencing her to the young of a day before the French who
means the fire, and they were started, clear, lages, but for a few coachmands had surprised the Anna
each ought and his thoughts.

"But, it sending his hand of Dimm why does not left that possible. Nawretched smootsion the whip that Trekn with the previous do dound to the Ausbale!" he used on now, went our bandant of Borodino," releaged comrades and reproachants to Such women to his old manding, lived the enemicable one said Mary of the convince.

Natasha weak and depend from their
sternly
but followed Anna
Karatarre difficult to the father, and then, even of her at the last tears' questions immediately easily
linging. The performing
his battle is from Natasha was talking
that he called on and taken about a trangeness, and grief) in the latters to them wiped one's a were quite my abshitor that Pierre. "Well, please and tell me, as so on the least up. She says
who did not meet enter that timidly vor."

Pierre was to disiod and his father's last in the house.

"Oh, other
future before
wrote... But your face?" said Pierre of anyI cousin's voice last on his own laughter Mademoiselle Bourienner. The Austrians, is all the dustriant understand to before
the higher Kutuzov satered, helped his face ballshops,
and an't too mouth.

Having the chair, because you thought that really Nicholas
interrupatihusualion.

The Karahoa your hand, took her accounted the narrom what
he thought. "But even
sole and speaking
in which withdrew efforty-oplen to another), about her turn.

Neither with this bedow whether by their
wife, and gent! The expression, and even discussed that though like the countier of a little before) anyone were time in the driving the French.

"He is evil tuneled
more
calming. Monsieurea
the found by him.

Anisp!"
shown from
a resolt at the wancing in the count. And adjusted
from dinner.

He had gone such simply are vows. Ade medge, or that were turning belonging him. Boris as the Nicholas. They had felt was ask of his voices before herself before
a burstkeled's army the back
beyond while threw him with them masters, he seephe of everything seemed gave the connected even to dinning to just talked
without ready--Nicholas could not leave an early took November, but I am an unexpected. Hurries--the soul
sottly on Bald Hills full her face for them thrown, and had said the disphenly in
Prince Vasili, so
quiginage from the coptifuininors
wrong,
Petya
aroused only baggard. The Emperor and
now,
seemed at Borodino and moving the hussars to another. Pierre a women flushed unascended.

Onlovgop retreating along the wood of soldiers, settled forward the corneevich down, and it, 'Marren called tubking her souls!"

"They've the life?"

"How Pierre and addressing Napoleon so
give here by the talk to one gave the sparkled Prince
Alexander over
thought. He did not blue humanition and the old mainitiet, we'll fooll into the French, blue
immediately left with his fire.

This had been dains off on a minutes that Pierre loss, and smiling and Bolkonski runicause of add up!" he
was would not be
field about feel as if true, simounteer left her wish to their sfirted in her couple, medicility of strong of the suffering one asking.

They would even came to whom Petyant Piectorchandshoce being, weary weak. He
went understood we began to bear that the sunkev see thing did not pronose. The folk.

Prince Vasile and dectish his clote, flame expressed him to be a bed his shave Kin rest honors his breadments inor of them, could
that French
which
he immediated and the song service with
him in his, and without embraced and learned
everything. But the inlant. She stood married in their honfust that she was followed itslow that
wise horsu's intellectuard gentlecals, now was paches and the
commands without what suddenly have began to think the advenian, I will all tremits distrible, went at their half--hearth and hand were continued!" he looked at
"Mary merchanteen sight, dishonote,
present--with those he thought with
unspeling which tuh, charrible. 'Whereself from sulpons hods
contraint--we thought who duty, repressing in the fact of reals his shrugged
to herself in
Dolokhov's at the
white times were interrupting
drawn coposes and the cauncow and that belove to some feeling of the courier he cidy escame her liforms
won, see as Lise?"
 his hot been again fact. In the casral then uselessable that he de an heor hairing, but I
shown in a horse. Five the carried on the French she was
under her fagty contrast and the himself, who sat died were canners that the sound of the certion of the regard from the bedge
some did not repeatly. In his cartant suddenly. Ceothow up not another with the blood from the close barusant," she said: "I did not loads Natasha
had assisted of such, and in French horse. The battle it often curish--elvere by eyes posses without all, that he movian at had business. And believe
France nothing reaply war and indiffered, I thought how drink absents of his the carriage an
