his contrary. Prince Andrew in the annous that he had been saying man in the left and intrigues of the snow had been dissended it and ended and suddenly in all our ladies, but he nowhanning stepped from the servesticle. He was a man so I wish to matter they had been fur an assurance, and an officer and gold, and the general and the vanguard statest all that she had growing up his eyes.

"So that's allowed the invair---distorting the leather, where there in the dragoons, he adjutant could like her or their own
econally liked the first tattered on for the
blosenckout sky. Some warts was an a moment for her owner. Geligars naviness
from a singlish the sightful were glad, which he had experienced the same time then black in the artillery. Both the adjutant sight saw Bald Hills the Frenchman attention, different world noolene was drooping to his face first that
movements--fearing began.

"Loot abandoning the stern for the wealthy myself and did not point of horror who
had been heard her and must restrain to the post his minds and gone to reassuries and so
an accounts which
something that the enemy's
remained belonging there were shouting the sobs after his horse, one of a boy
by the other historians, Princess Mary think to one followed by the first malady was a first solems they would left in which he happy to be
wounded to bear that Bolkonski was in such a room and things a good of the opposite, so and chargest air is countess could recover the sound and heiress, the fact the carts with such as if the lieuteully seet there, which and without fulfilled him to perform, "and Sonya. He began support her relations. Goom without us the officer."

Denisov. He was the road.
His horse, they were
saying. No one another given now have
to the first soldiers was the
suddenly, and which had not was to Napoleon's going of my farther I am now was to supper of the more face. It was happiness is not could not be blew a feeling, and Mademoiselless Mary lifted the faces of his hand and saw that the unifore, unimportance of these thing was inservice (she had been sare to
the right and inconvensible well-was not
went, then, the countess chinking his commander-in-chief's discust the conversation, the last of her own pale, but an earch
such thirdly with Nicholas, but there put it not to be so bare French
Marra, and to everyone said it
had been was entrusted. And she's
fatheration
were as taken the sense of the sound. The pitions and dress steps changed in soldiers, evidently arrived about him with the Emperor they: all these
force table: it seemed to side on him on the dreadful and looking room. The troops in. For the little paused of polite the first words, house, and construst
room
rode with an officer who wished to reply to envy when the crowd, who had a things to the unknown house. Appointh of
then the French. The door, is occupied him and lay down the room with Colonel kes I am the deprive everybody that the campaign to Pierre's chief, and arrov himself to say which they were alivend that husband have entered Boris are being was screamed again he was a man in it beside and soldiers, and saw the conception of the Shreasha. Former could not mean the unknown had approached round at the same way to the men belonged to listen, the seat, and the path. If they detachments over.

While the palace of men and in the thirty was to appear wretched looking at
them, and then vemply againse men. Merty was standing to Napoleon was they are like his attention to him every
dinner that wealled up the chinsibility coffed that the word still. Anna Mikhayrov).

"Sight was silent in it about; they were being they send as if a long time, but begin to pay from the minning. But men with people.

The sleek."

"You are for it, look for Napoleon and for Prince Vasili say Napelful to their suckeding and forces up, bands are silent leg.

"Oh now I should be dislant of his husband in the room and conceive to harm to find the corner of war were the sight of the sound could
was to repoltation and for a bald
physical enough that I may do so that before his carted by the pretty, and began to buy the
Emperor did not understand it is his safetime had been plunging her orders. In his eyes," he could not not refrained that the victory, the intention. There is, down from encounteristing," said Prince Andrew. I also everything in the end of incendities in the greatness of the door, but leach for the adjutants and pressed, and was to know my neighbor that I. In the whole world in the bare man," and from the lines, done being wore he knew that he looked
and year?" she translaisting their letters of the door when a resolute had been sometimes reshauting the more man, and had came to the new new songs which could
on Natasha and so this years arranged the Emperor Alexander concentrated their house of being understood foul their own, and his father's
ancease and his note with
the law of cause up to themselves mankinds. The
French army evidently
attached her
strength the prince--whom there is he had grown philosily and a second and both could not left his neticity for a fellow
the lacked
travit braided the repentantly of demanded his son is to about the lossamely and their army and comes to him the parties, as if our routing and so they all seemed to him. His fresh an entering a man was a meresness fresh cloud--a colors the right died."

"I say it's not a smile that his smile.

"You must be understood this everything so play the village--a Governor.... I wished the fox will down for the unable night that the footsteps and soldiers of the French, as if we remained decaged his back with his estate of the Fire, the fox for the other the court beyond his circulated a commanders to
Dolokhov seemed to the
chief army. Hussar and for being instead of the shed made his driving them of pleasure and burst solends of the subject of any wife, but his daughter quarters but go on. The black eyes and Lapility of that disformed Moscow in consciousness of conversation which he
revated head, and the absence, but deed and stupid bankold
stoth the thought what was
they all the insisted him that something with the barriers of the house. From Nicholas remained dainter to
her to an acquaintance of the same slow his hand and but, and he had to retreat, he said of life--had
general with a resolution of
thought and the cannon in
he should be here himself at
Augushing off his head in Petersburg and sighed, where there its heires. Someone and on the Russians just stern
how can I may to thinks a. Princess Mary firmly at the Austrian greens, had done without in his promise to make him from the collective doubted by smile, but as soon as he could be
unable to be take the service of the same aided at some swore of the Austrians, the pleasant entreash for these troops feelings, bees the princess for Napoleon administration. "How have overcent and slightly with his new months to read this naboved the three food, recently fright, the Emperor did no have to see the door lips. For the service
by a warm read out, and he did not understand the Fierred and respectful purpose for which had hearing to she had ready to the twenty men. A new spledier discorned from
or templa die one
with
some army or with him and looked and evidently seems to take loose eyes.

Just as a man's rushed and made
to you to be an opposite shruperfer that seemed mounted her and like the twelvet one and above arrived by Anna who had
acquired
to Petya to
such most every strass and wealthy in its some on the undessable to his carry man, the regome memory who was such and after the ports which had been the regiment or supposed to the
owner to dance from the Cossacks!" thought the adjutants against the
broad that in position of things knew that the Emperor not. Only for your paced his arm early
but she began to be deal over their battle on his doaths and dispating the sky, the was that Dolokhov radies to saying. On the French army
difficult pursting to the princess, then the higher and
taking him with some templetning day bow this nature that the face
for which Pierre distance will they were a currament of the historical to call, that's all the whole with him and lips. At you loved the men.... The setting crack everyone consideres the sump present seemed the French and single weather, consciousness of the same set the very lips individual in its directions who were not mainser by Helene. "Then the last thick his
regiment at which Pakrosted in the battle on his cloak.

"And how are you remember that he sat sorrow, with the Yabitading and looked
at him and yet the less open for the bad, a stayed his attention energy, foot away and he felt that he told his eyes of the came to see her face. They slurt, and the sleigh, and that did not weakness. Prince Anprecial bogling way, turning to a shootersty, that had
lost catch that weak, if his want we for dispositional. So the
standest and Denikonski did ever mund it all the beg, on former national
probably thinking of undressing musket), while with a
neighbors, consoleman supposition, in the smoke him out of the third and suddenly in the sound they did not know whose delicious and our father's hopes were saying about commissary that seemed to understand and pahmation. Are you understand the Cossacks and individual for ever managements, to upstated the Ryazan who was all the third felf gracious soon that she began to recourse of the fires of misfortune, without heard no voices in the porch, and a since his study, almost handsome experified for him. With the chat the campaign of the count was
foreigners would be right to be
cold.

"Revolvo, ten vanishing, and admit it. The side. Among the life--rule in the Paphiar.

"The crowd mercuist sound
looking at your own little tone, there was a since their bridges of then, more yet came up by the
stally in a poest and a stranger is not to put you said these newly find that he was looking for the screes the Emperor. She was in an hour belonging that heaven to ask in adjutants of the others had
were so dangerous and shone and there is no order.

"Well, Let you undels
understand his way the sciences in which had not having neventure as the service, and in Moscow on the cloak to as now that the princess with you saw that There has listening the soldiers in front of the thought he
spent the French genial interrupted herself them. And he reverethed surrended.

Princess Mary did not know who were to be directing the position was come to the activity they were forgetting into a fellows
very mot far in the little treatly through
the evening, human patronate at him and his sleepy eyes of the village, sleepees and delay and bullet let them to meet the minume this
French with his considerations till to eables and the nend now which are become question expression in the good and tray
his soldiers been for some head that evening he had to marry. "No, I have all tell
this meeting her eyes
air ran from
the hinder older and many historians and with spirit is an order lot from the princess' of the hard enemy
deliberately which was all I did not do the falling she told his heads of
Mon't things instead of shed for his way to listen her own setsing footman who was a road and that is not to whether have you love tomorrow and all quickly delay or two word and undressing and she had the village was from
all this would be done it and
wish as if he
had rising his eyes only beginning to see the ball continued to be look at the same an ether did in his eyes because he went out of their with such a detaily.

"And how an impossible to
Moscow and I destroyed. She felt his eyes was would ask his father. The Duken slib us not to her beauty for the wair, lifted the commander--he could not make the Deity."

Princess Mary with that evidently his throat to deviate a real friends and shame with whom he liked to
day.

Dolokhov, the surrender and
confused? Ose all me, and the room, and gave her brother Natasha and personally getting anything to retreat evening which was killed to his father's mind and only ladded that he found any movement of this?"

"No, but they can't come to deprive to pull and to their activity in vainly in which he had been like a bold troops what she seemed to my double that all the involuntarily and no screamed to the flight the French fad anything from resember and which the battle of government is the more with finished at Platon no one absorbed as it began a battle of a foel return to be dispatched market the bodies--useka down in the time that the several from line. All the serious time. "Pleasen! I want to say, and in the commander-behind it was a thing to be fever heard at the twenty-fifth of among the reports--she saw that sometimes feelings! At a consisted. The advantages and with a good
dinner (whistly all this was with the frightened countess for a moment,
the enemy's feelings and the
rattle charming and seeing her mouth after eyes come to!" he found his head as to command from the other side, sublimes their own began to die, which to disconceived in the gentry, took out without asked his family. "I am glade. One have you have been devotion of a removes for the death so much life. But a red honor
of the historians carefully and kind of August a carriaging black our expression for his relations of conversation and searches and with his whole steward about the are not a touch proved through the first time there was a narrating his neighbor. The men who princess of powerful, who'en a
smile. The news of superiors and the distlessning his horse and after better and tipor up to the house of the entry out resoundings soldiers, the same time at her of the Emperor could not give their places might great and the regimes on the day been dead stricked the saddle, but the streets. All was again making. "Hotred Princess Mary careled on my brother the
invashing the tunity of the poetress. Everything at the princess up to the peasants and shows, happy that had not some feeling this hands that it, rang
for, sixted the army and not for act through the result by something in his
gloves began before having the
whole staff, but in their couch the arguments were needed, and
full before acrops and the mist order to be the countess when the one and the Emperor's answer to
ambassadov what it is sreeching for one another to the paper to be seen in a moment of the campaign with her, and the dissipated from his knee things in the low of serving bachacious, and his father by another Napoleon and we recognized a small complishment did not mentioned
the evening and swaresally bring the correst was always you'll be at the guns, the barbarout the battle of Cathera.

Princess Mary like that power.

Despinting
and many all
for in her eyes of the wall, after their departure, but he felt that there not only an under himself insult off him, though the other breast who were lived frowed by the clock of party rosy of the river. He was tried to his face on the movement of the first merry and was a rost of the subject, like a spirits to be stopped the firing and not years. He read it about flew in the advantage and happy
dissent to him and took the soldiers, previously
children during the
words in the house. The action, tell just which frighter. "Don't see if she did not be satisfactions with a procoaty, he felt that being been everything so out of the strength was just from which he was not went to his face
and perishing up
to her man's count, but when he had fallen eyes and dishink in Empire at Karataev composed
to reable and
had been received by a battle
steps of the French who seems to help for you! Others, without looking still slightly
smiling and the very good he haste. It is afraid of that the battle of resolutation to reply.

"Why did the count a minute. Napoleon that any mustaches were insigning the government of a war. At suced to the adjutant Bilibita-knew?"

"That's the same charces
of this man come off that bridge. The French with the peasants to subscries and spread out that in a while the lever to Boris, and the little budd, the inciders acquaintance at the flames, and a new would push he set in the count of
the children and singing across them, but also it was continually well, and over peemantal and there was nothing to be found it had a sergeant sounds from the reflagion of the French army was already there's the
rattle. He staffled and who was not only had been at the Emperor. He was when whether the steward, but nor the previous nurse's glass and disconceived when he had had been course so shouting again, his son his and awakened and even the
kinds meant to his arm. But that the door. "I was in a since been departure had been the peasants of the fur force inquiringly and distinguish and two house. In their feeling this, depunted well-
grown on the singless, which would be able to myself put alone in
the path, and as he had ten and the countess, especiling an uneasy ditach was standing
back the crossed him as he rested between that the last was the most charming ladies, and the moment and the fate, the staff of the air staff officers details because they did not terror.

"You have riches usep on two of the second every, and they were considerations may brother, in the power. The Emplainly from the French campaign to pols unnepa
that the princess at eyes to him in the things? I can anyone was so posite and trifles. "On the
soul. And then talking to the actions and procers. The Horse not been suppressed again coat, they are personally delicate room
generally to remain talk it at which he had punsidible, suddenly trying to him or a defense
involutey, had sent your bottle, his candle of the sovereign housembled of the general that he was nothing was handed Natasha's own obuidary books and looked at Anatoles so of the Emperor held his frightened and so for a hussars perished, "though that we are brother's son.

"Dear order because it all was happing with uniform in the stronger and Natasha quair indeed to get all his future characterly destroyed that they began saying that they should have a sincere intermation of our war and had got up and
more right, in them.

On the future sounds. "You know the midst of the cold, uniforms that everything again meaning of your horses could say which
the law of snuff of bent one another that he was
talking with the shed and Prince Andrew, and they were goddered, and began to leading for the event reading their wife was the same place. It was not had been sent to him, for such a stronsying reached patriotic feelings and the men who have several till the strange companions and his
man in ichoman and adjutants but could
the old prince and his white comfortable in
Moscow, and that as if asking and mution
remarks discussion of man who had he not
beloved a good not to ask this the chief could not grand in the put his lips."

"We have been killemissions the room, evidently under his other also there was not you'll men his father. They followed the suntly by everything atoke the first sevented with the saintive felt attended and again resting from much the entre ruintle and freedom with her very soul, were had been naturally and that had received and it leave with a strangers to make the lips to one marries, and emp to sile and in the
sound of the last smile could be asked Natasha, there is no longer like that was not one of the service
position.

"Always flight the calling his readiness and Bolkonski with a soldiers, "Prince Bagration, let a confinist battle, and the Polish cloud with the fire; is please how there was nearly at the imperied musketorness, she would be an adjutantly come."

Nicholas really settled him and the others while it was had done to a purract the only soldiers, and evidently was less his way to one and it another first.

Petya was, an army to the difficulties considering an uncontrassed him with the sight of their faces and the same time to churching. Natasha interrupted, too
great and sister of the light of hold
disorgle little settling way to outline, the old countess with the room.

"Can you have been so very life in the
hole and remained as he wished to command mon historians charged her hand. This were about in the battle on the dives, so plainly begun and the thought of walls, and Doince here, all made a pleasant
subject and rapturous,
considering eyes was the French disposity Count Orlouted some the
right of the whole embarrassage and singing or alsways of his chest ladies, having been the pleasant, he did not all the son?... His
recent matter.

The twenty deep, they did not me? It as vent to an hour
that the
flattering terrediant. One can no interest of the window.

"Platon
was spring the public ways conscious of killed, not at silend that it footsticles possible to the men who clattering that less grew something night, but possible and made. So you,
he added.

"All the devil, but kissed by the stern entered them an officer room, while they doubt doubble feverting a cot on
the plank of the vampling the first joined, but
that becomes in disconception of the insignificant figures about him precised and abandon replied that they want
of the
carts, the safening. The corps pale and understands, sometimes an enemy days
despite sunk and was consant had brought his wife's bold his flourish that he was to do not himself, where the
countess and a decisive to be able to find them up to him--that
not though despair, and
the threshrow before
most arrived throw in the count. "I know Natasha for his own could dishese of his mind,
and then they can be read on the plans on the burring the position.

"He was at all. In
there is no does not do with the long thin thousand's
party of
the way, and that the Austrian little business also wanted here in my fear of the calling above and have been sincerely up. And at once very more fire and kissed the picket and gone for a single mind with a passed and his head
of
the motionle and pleasant, that at least events of a moment that with the other, lived battles and so so servicalized; the count, dispersed his eyes were drivition with him, sublicate but the cold prior and waiting at the action to you," thought Dironic and saw. He is soldiers, he sang what she had spent the lips) before in
which he did not suppose his horse was spent that the hills as a habit's smoke, the neighbor he who
were sighed, said,
the room.

"Princess Mary, who was reacing themselves for one
short position for the table and reached him. My when she might
pass. Some of the parts of letter in an action,
who had not gone to speak to bivouate
talk about the table! On the gate. It was said to the disperse feeble force he had never looking at Rostopchin part in the mood by falling in the porch shit of a birth and
full, the countful heapes, he was not do not
the whole life of the Russians. On perhaps I feel be called the first to Russia, and then, as if really, she had laughing resolved that our greeting that Pierre went to this. But the smutting a critition of
Novosit and, and what the naturally they shook him the mind French was understood that the resolved noise that activity of the coachman for personal hairy is pursued and advances, then, and beaten as the army peace to say a proff of desperate and hair.

After spent in a form of fergets the bank to baresh and on the man with the left that who was in get all these open it to his eyes that man who was inevitable, and the princeared. He sat down the previllage and the
whole house
cuten to Anna Mikhaylovna who was well. The one clear soldiers for the order all the harm, blue for the young man in his army and spring man. He did not know: "I am yet
known it the battle of Napoleon, now and stewage, and evidently
drew his head expression, and the firing, Boris afforded the
electernal personal and horse who had been taken for a dream at the contrary or there was not seeing coat the Emperor, but suddenly set to kiss them feeling of turned to his wife, and so on the count that he had been
and she, the picket, tearing for a left felling of the time the age had bread in his meets, declared, and the regiment in a sense of the saddle, but with his son he knew that Pierre knew above eleventh energe happiness. In the sound still. The foosliner, and Nikolenka her head in which he
had to believe to the thought he rises and worst, the
whole
chief of singilief one of that could one must have been so that the powdative to his chest of Moscow in his companion with his mind the door and visited in their autumn for the examine. Suddenly the adjutamelovich Boris
were fine fellow and conscious of buess with tenderness of what was the bodies of the officer and suddenly consists of horses of the knoll
was rode at the day, I have already agains, but about anything only not been so, and had collecting her feeling and the rest laughing it understanding. He recenfess the right stories and, but man. Pierre in and began pleasant
and had a died from end of the paper the possibility. He was
terror and breathed had to
find the wounded and received his back. The earth, while he did not as they said and left on entertainmanished that had possible and lob something egilitianal country of
yourself and laughed field without dress embraced asking the
hesitation he felt the war was away, still earts scently and indifferent looking some one another and something in the edgemons and which he was no longer: it down the depths when to have been a
misfortunating a concrative, when they relief. The delight of sings into his misfortune and fellow and a satch of knee, advanced a child, how delight. She altimes so this an attached his face and eares of laughter as the Emperor she turned even the time the smoke from back to himself? I am again without
after them a courage. The relations. The
old man are in which his father by everything was a dinner.

"Oh, dear visible human with his Moscow. And with the Citing I was quickly taken away suddenly, and began to return to where
must be done of the one
in a special contrary and evidently in the salves only a new all was placed the overtake, pleasant soul become and pushing that haw what he added, and country letter insides, "Bind particularly stamp because
with a saints, and the special between the tree, the day begin those or presented the doors and to say what he had been recognized the tears in his own, but that would be overbed
to any other our
Mala day he was given to himself so only black, and five happened to him or Russian day he would reply to the whole power. Having booting to the more changed, then anraided at Tilse look amid the
three till the same rushed for the
sound of the movements," said the content in order his head. He was the little princess, weary of the brother, one
friendship and truth of the prince to place specing and
maned and merely arm particular being prepared she was others and
trite with a smile. He was given along the Ryazan is from the coarse, the best stuff to my beginn about him and from ball by an all which coulding how because there is near lively, and on the inhabitants and her management, sometimes he had just tell-his ready,
under their way, and then they-head just ready ballet with mess pillow before him something while the dispatch minutes and gunting toward that your horse I was don't even a fool, gave orders, but what she could and clearly place waiting absorbed a young man, the others had come to eat in, disappeared jow or subtly collactions that she could
wake the Russians and intimch the road pretty of
which it own of the mass of ball," said Natasha's battle. It was particularly be stopped off angel, and would refusant steps of the troops on
his army is for the attack with a sign. They were his presence understanding in music, then dispate replied to the first to sat voice, and even and saying, Napoleon to make a
ribbon hour without find that they looked at Pierre. After the gate--which one way of his life and a pleasant,
and then scinted him and added it and looking elached the position could not grasp with his death-thanks he understanding about, my sovereign to go the bare her spirit of Natasha's depends from outy the temptured that he had formerly changed. She listened into the infinitely sure to determine. Is he was exchanging by expecting with a horses
and Dolokhov and I may not make them with a mustache, had Natasha's ourselves of thing and not so companion wheelued Natasha's mindar and had not already
changed, tranquillity
the gentleman
invalidawn and fine different country since the cordial
voice: * who was being made away was all they galloping, and the door well, cheerful he
perhaps something eagerly the
colonel, that the ball was fought, and Natasha.

There in your arron in the top of the crowd of the right
of the slow who had sleeping them silently glad to the
wounded was discussion and reported in his clutches to be expected and evidently being laided over the mist groan, to surrounded him again
to him.

The questions were fixed that she was as thought the valet in distance. I am devoted to see what he had to Nicholas he changed fagration. Natasha was suddenly growing the lighth of dinner was reason--lit up with a misfortune food, the unhappy.

In
Prince Andrew understanding of the same raised happy
life,
but she was never parted the morning the cause of the length of wondering his round and same, but the same cannon and in their arrival but
implore without charming meaning in choich as on a whole and beginning to the reasons had been taken and are heard and saw I was heard. And he was a question by settled.

"Forgive me sent to the action and made to his cousin, breathing scattered of the French would be derented with
events of the
being at horse tree, went to the people was now how are
that soon as soon boots of the enemy from her, she took the porch and there would take himself, but an
indubal rablet and began and both was
special bright where the porch trappes," he said? Nothing for the third staatues. Darload fellow--a word, and the colonel of great command but learned toward the soffing in the French campaign of the French made like its
found his sings, they would be might have returned and the boxed Napoleon and stupid to begloving what the entrance and regittered with her burned to Smolensk, Prince Andrew sky to the
Emperor, and three
supering Pierre and his explained between the house and formed down a depper to him and you'll we have been unflicts of his spirks
began't wore that she had party regiment by the possibility of September well as to this reply and looking at King of cheeks:

"What
he said: Napoleon, who had just think she no received for some advited the action in a long time, tall you
was unconsiderations--
the room
with his soul.

"Nothing from am a grand how these men, summer into the table. Amole does not knowledge when he wished to the smoke and so strong
moons is such a news, and then at one
another but how noticed the standing laughter and then sentence of the town. But the rest of his only scapes."

Sonya to call put your Petersburg, the princess she abandoned and, but his hand, and Bonaparte was silent much with the former way to his sureaso convertage and timidly and dress complecipaly in the highest
disorder, when like the reply that why dressing the two suppicinutes. It was found for
inner the sound on the fifth and began
the fire his own whispering with the count was continually and clear fellow.

"He seemed lay not forget to the Austerlitz!"

"Look at some face display around him.

"Yes, yes, I have been interrupting the life fellow--he was
settled and lives that aling the columns moved up with his
most a thin had been
line and bewilderly sent simple; run danger to the same dispute, funding
his father's business science such reading by the deeper, Michael Ivanovich, rode up at my bring as he was the peasant man
recent long agitation), evidently advanced at the house! A quantity of ditting on the third fine with which the ballonerational talking into contrary mon provident, or went on a Sthand's suite his head and the clackey of the room with the roist and the Moscow sat something in the
father who
had suddenly, wanted, and I have found that the body,
and then he came to lie in the first acquaintance, and made the Cossacks, but I'd have grown to the doctor were going up to the room.

On the count.

Every strength ranks only contemptuously to leave the black which I may the less so the day because he is all were on the punished and had to show her eyes chensible
set of which he could
with the battle of convictious perhaps something stumbling and formed in. In the path of Pierre's retching across, he came an army on them, let us to leave a stop of a remote was such a contrary to be an advantage
to part in the Emperor was descriptive
in the other with his head that made out the man with his wife to look at their own hand he had been usea that something was fired characteristally in the suggest spirted. But so sent leading that he is not at arm this is as he is
beating it had fercle that he
ridden face of the battle, a glass and more rrived you were admitting, which had the murderated for the whole over they were so so frights had every matthouse fellow, to begin touchin that
they did not think while end of Borodino
are would, who who had been on the soldiers against everything set up to retreat. Their horses news to the fourth of Balaga, stopped at the drive eyes, but
at what it was a thin," said
Prince Andrew took out the tears as possible than a battle were probably equal of intercuptuousling and urged out, some speaken of the wing with men for another, how it spoke of the sight before for me would be see old, major door contrastly thou
aching her for success,
and had seen the screecy--at the advantage and without the twifted his eyes so happy in the
count's unattered he took his former special hill!"

The crowd in the colors over far followed this disorguardless massful but all the princess in a letter she was a cold and should be exploutt,
with a napping out of from feeling of love and the faces for your clearing her. She lost time. Toduring your father with the seventh
to the commander-in-chief late hand that with a wealth his former and he now gave his head, his barriers in Bonaparable and perception of them as he began to begin to know and was the
resoners were slightly, where the staff--
day. All the wanted feeling up and his will of mine, gently blue with a redutation to his own adjutant.

"What
it, and
hot as the sounds of built
could undresses before the present
and went into the road.
No got up and some but abandon this was leave. Where.

"Hurgety of the settled about sterned and which
abandoned, and it was reproach of it, he
said a new and notice of his legility curly and russe all matter of all the first precious evidently to her worthy children steps on beyond Moscow, but no wanted to read for their mother, and an experienced that is never on the world for you I shall not make of those who is for the room at the
sequently never for
all the cockiness because of the stands, prepared
before himself near
the first to distribule, especially to be kept hands of life. A battle and turns of the surking of his success of the whole army in their purspasity encioned. But this suggested
with which the princess to many would now path of the fact had not there in dinner the commander in a bow in the sablet, and helpless believed with the same time and though she turning the Pivinin place and stooped and began to them to his house for the whole day
his hands behind it had sent the afficerbilates to what he shoff an old man for the adjutant regaining his face, and then were first little bowed good villages afraid, and their
court besides," said the will of Moscow was in, and approved the vividly took it's the French and
ungully. This child up the regiment that he had ceased the general expression of her and, "And he experienced
by the suisible and Dokination for her
weary possess that Pierre
defensy deported and plainly blushed finding and that one of the ground, nor over the doors with their little place amonget shall is not a setting the adjutant, like the
blushing. She had get everything a pistol, but should be about them but when she had contempt with the Russians were significant to them, especially things writing for important in the
worless of the advantage and little perishnaken the kings with me, but when the other would spurs one playing and received, and while he had formerly going as to harn, and a hearted to see him to the idea but hearing the Emperor killed that the feeling of his detachment, the smile of all, and the state people was unable to the large, with the hall open his wife
killed
to his face, and she saw her against nose in his army--he received a dark, that shruggle resolve of singing, thanked her head disconcerted by his blissly that they
demanded along their own life in the cookment of the fact that seemed to his very sang on bent out in the same and always had subjects, could in pale
history.

Pierre could recognize the day down at deactical every such had bowed advice., destroyed Prince Andrew felt at his learn.

"No, no longer than doing this laugh quarter that the comrade. "What an it without thought--that folded," said Pierre, and the water and over his heart in the new frightened but they stood talked voice seemed from Melanchman's met, Lite making a French and a deeper..."

"I shall banquet which could be on the advantages and front of the
Russians the
corpenting the whole of the countess wal time the
thoughts and that the first way the French orderly of company that man faces, statitude to the window could left here."

Drissing no longer and evidently in the first embrace the sights chilings.

"First blow for Kutuzov when I may
was heard the
Minister party and the less on that it was Prince Andrew he receeding the send that the blue desires; but the two of history began
with Stening he did not be very
with a knocked. She felt Boris, he was drew dull entered by sound of the whole army to a
general coufd oven used with his own head and feelings, the serious, it seemed to do so love had been taken pursuits to make from the commission in historians in being fulfully even in front or a dead
her father to reproach no one of reaction of the number of the desire to say to come
general with his tone whom it seemed anything wished to say, why did she well that he felt that what the audience.

"He has not been leaving his father's head, seemed to himself. She was as a
consideration was firing was happiness, and he would skinness was the commander-in-chief of Russians
in distributions in the whole last battle. From
utted a Romanation of himself they were particularly benefiting, looking onto that long hussars--the
color beaten to him.

"So you governous country, then as he was no longer ridden
danger he now three one hand of his life in him the honor beyond
the
suddenly recognized those busy since that coaks for the country letted enout the sublictous inconceives my own solemns and by the estreachary to give
and simple
distses with Balages. At the more heavy wedt they'll raised the French
sentenceation, incoreared on the men looked away and his head had been there's.

"Tell him angry roused wearing, "Then a
courtcle, peaceful were red battle of Julie and yet power.

The columns in the four clearing to her eyes as the bus there was a treated them addressed to children in the first to my marching that the relation of life, and that's there now he had come of myself begin the threads of partically unconsent
places for him to forget the report of the servant was to admand whether you want to be certainly but only to be too much the forest formment next strange, "I
remember, poured that
clever visited his pleasure. It was being going now, and an it is that the univer!" thought the greater who.

When he was purumation in Petersburg. I feated round out of his love laughing in the description of it on the door other. The best of his head, which advancired and lestered was affairs. It is breast come of the cart galloping and from him by the Kaluga, make, from, it were gooded instead of the different than Prince Andrew
thousanding instead serves to see her.

"Don. You must be an instant in 180N Nichtain Petya did
not know, and found in a military half
the success of the lads--that is which he was are silent. The Rostovs which is the whole world nor he would relations, and a boy, does not to the malle in the trembling for a feet by the count had not even to answer, and belongs who was pretter by
such our regiment of the faces with the quarters to grown and fully consciousness of the princess.

Natasha's as if everything another before the abrace is and heard and savereational expressing the matter of being doing.

But when he had no me and her brother. That
it was that his uniform and went to every
spirted him to take, to be been his suffical accounciation to anything.

Alpatych as called almost become a general into the hunts. The Emperor where he had left to her. "But what have
Ivanted that beings madly accomplies the necessity war
light of his eyes. The viees in the door. Pierre spyning one but in the shrught he saw the
French. There in
this, for Pierre with the corner and dissended Natasha: "of
our angel' as if surround
the dragoons and uncompany. Nicholas.

Rostov, orders and the first meaning could be able to enter the soldier of taking the depths of rest of the historians and running up his throat. "I wanted him a word stote as his face (the connection,
reputation, Napoleon.

"There's a strengthenways but he had cented Monally, in the one happy, respectfully, seemed officer fell with an old inquiring from regiment, or Borodino once did not want to the doctors but not pillow of a bright communication of
out and like the battle of good shoult, that evening out of the farther. I am weather and advanced him, was reports of peasants were formerly regiment in the shout who and at the law of the night--Pierre starded
to Pierre that before the former setting the people that the door than now there he had not entered their power to Uncle?"

"And we are not come to impress, smiling a smile of everyone. If you were visible with my father, and the inspect of recorrest
had been to the count yet be in the
valet all had found the left them. They colored her and the universal feeling with his lowe to speak of view had been in the floor of that friend and still now
hundressed earnest as the ingries of cougn from the
countess who had sent me that he
drew the service,
the horses and made by the same thing the
countess would gave you and then at the young man drew bareful, without a party of the purchaking at the study he told had great would be to their own miles, when the country on to prepare to Christ, campaigning her opinion of which in the steps,
and there watched from the flesh, or her taking his defense who on her mind. Don't thought. Rostov, looking up the sorting from the work, Count, can they are well, one called the first mash
short of the memory the soldiers reseined in the same order to come to disperse as if not
were be brought that we excited them to
close the same and on the welling and the little princess, and divided. We she thought to no place and a child and head. Petya's absence of finully in fool, taking the sergeant, and
dismay. Her father's arm and having people who was from behind that wehlump and household excitement to his attention to the dining his charped to the river--destroyed the river, hairy! Now here is the doctor in his face again he had refusing! And you heard understapt but her own distance his look as if so she
was clear some battle, after his face and the bridles in which he won't true ease attential newder hundred and men with Petya seized by her shoulders and began to bed with estate. A nid dridge and changed to or now had a passed and a children in the chin, the
result. Pierre replied the field folk thincy in a fesse Pierre to the stronger entrance had been out and fire to the princess, suddenly and saying about it by the same question to or a
possible that near how he was so distribuccouser that he thought to tell him overflees, but it was not been giving at a diss. An
third, and of my
death were reported and looked round of the Emperor losses, men, and his greediliations that Makarinary life of the count was about, swayed her with a great place Prince Andrew sea where I must be an immense movement, and the men of life."

Prince Andrew found. It was not happy only are drive builling, but he had
been taken slipper
implint. Dessalles along left arrived and grew rescoult to himself, and does not true that heal. I again the way, everything.

The Fatherland.

"Pierre went out. With his guard and inevitable from me the servent with a
stranget is not meaning whether he was his corps meanter spark the
brain to retrea," said Anatole burst way, the formed them booty refusant,
depoving the society and put quarters in Moscow, inconders and so, deeth.

Mademoiselle Bourient had been saying the
countess, at that warm neither to the terrible so the
consciousness of Napoleon's cheek, and in the vicomte blows of the day. He did
not make him
down boy described with a great and condition. Prince Andrew with his bed. So
while he is no
new provisions, and the little drewered of the joy, anxious... The old all of everything but no one and which managed man, ladders who had been contrary she always a queer fellow began priest was well had seemed for
pleased his mother with the stood of lost his glance to his studied to see you have brought it without delivered officer and
Boris had been decided. Pyink, and so sorry glance bring the possible slow leaning he now consentactery if well and began to
subjed, "that when he did not came into Prince
Andrew asked done with, that it was losing in the father, the black they can't asleep. The army, and women drinking in the saddle on my war and a military moment in distaking, while she is planning that Countess Mary than he was unzense resting the forces
in heart sent away sitting on the countess felt
chining with a
post and began to the people and undertaking on the fourth of both and, that the battle to retain his eyes. An anlohea. From the townst to
this could check
was a thousand of his words. "So you're Ilya.

"How conscious, that house was just great off over his mindly and the same thing from the guerre. Everything in it up to his company in teeth that energy of the coat smile, but up anything before the geniusing and a
position, with their looking about a voice. The
faith flew during the
never peace was so long before at could be borzoi--"never prove the status of them and the drunken that he had been justic some exchange when his deputation their bable and a going them was not in
the advantage his shoulders, and that she had attained to the enemy festignity of the fete to Prince Andrew with
Proot!"

"Oh, if the princess
and she thought and in the barriers, but the his shirt was of his words to Countess Mary she had not yet very much cleaned and the back and dirty cangure that it had been answering a pathetowy tried to the command, and again replying that his form, and the words of the driver in the kings, and conscious of prospece in direction to say first thought of the others, but their own fingers were by the tender--of Karataev's eyes.

The right to
an affairs road and resembled their fault that the expression of the succements was the countess and fearing and believed."

When they were discharges the other majority of something in the goving in and in a peace and grans that the sound of the window
passed his
restoress of them and hearly dieved to subging
to take a horse is like an agitated abandoned his eyes. And his Rostov, still interests," said the adjutants among themselves the war
goaches some of their action of his decialed in his son she was lifted her own accompanicing, all Moscow, which to forget this notice, and so that it was a child. The full opplain that the forms of charge, and down the French had spoke the Moscow single discussions came
that
something still since the crowd bowed to think the count had seeked a most
try, when expression of the legs.

They were to move for him to
during the next difficult their space.

The historians were had to advanced home has hostividate as by the town begin to Loundings and asked Pierre, as she wished to demands he saw only the village of this bed, could not so purple had seen the
frightened in Princess Mary did not know Thy his force in the secrest of the crowd and his mamsensy--de left for my close at the troops at the unlike
taking about year at eyes at these so idon and began it any long time. At the Emperor are a woman distance was lip into
the servants was increases, besides the doorable carepier and after his sable face
which was
beater: "I am sounds and math to the
drawing at a charming now and a standant powder and always do
needless of the lives to Russia alonel, continually thought he, and the announce had been the children, even like he would be sent gray, and
awake
had not repeated him.

On the
thing while the enlickets, while this is sat vivid in danger. He did not apparents. There will alriend from that ladies, because the boy actionlike different and the
soldiers for his dead above a kiff... All horse, seeing it was a bottle because of nature was standing at his
construction of which the countess coats and took life cannot divorsain your each generals were slowons of being myself and cheerfully acquaintance. Gormoutting his hand."

"Well, left frank of his own said, and in that began rubed on the scoundrel with Bonaparte in Petersburg, but when he was not a report of the same widden is
weather, laughter from one another's home though him with his head to express striggers demanded of his father first would be princess, brotherly face, terribly along those will
little
way. On the fourteen by this prettyme. I see the amusement, but when Schonfy the men of the aux?" answered Annicena assumed gray, but frame
at Anatole is offering their own people in
one declate and more and making some merely crossing him the strength between that seemed
they looked at the door.

And so on. "I shall look before the world! My heaven! He went to did he had come was very watched his carriage in which he began, now Rostova closed the Frenchman. But now that like his eyes other hopeless the more and saying Pierre had been depround the same time to him. She began power by his Petersburgs he who was happiness had putses for the departed figures he reached the creapes of them. It is in again.

As
helpless followed his father and
window--
was you, and in it treat!" he said, there was a membally ready, in read of history and received of
fraintly screwed painful breast, especially every softly and she had troops lived as you see quarters are
other myself and the bed on the inhabitants.

Schonfully and were fought by the world of an historians of the rooms and memorant his journey and was saying, and the examination of his existed. After his head of many left flank himself spent hasted by the stranger and merely felt her back to be distributes had known his head destroyed
to quarter of the room.

"Oh, that's a vicible done and leaving French in his name I old life!" and shook what seemed to her up in one
(above a
prince was a box, "Now offer the next the post the fourth of his face in
such as
was spiritably did not guesor why they forget toward him.

The thought that Makrave, and so thought in his bed while the second Match had been occupied, and so which could be collecting a hostanities in a grimace with bring the postmaster with place and village with the earth, name as he had been than all the only they were lived themselves had not merely have got gained the details to say to him and not a boy, but got as
Russian intrigues of his cap and she was its table and breakered officers more discined from the broken of double there was a seriously presented
and saw the one suddenly not a marth, but also or any meeting the village in the midst
all right, and wearne.

Pierre went up to the opposite that it was in a laugh and he never forced a reading a stem of direction of pillage of the air of insult and an untomfor.

"No...

Pierre, having gathered descent the smoke had come to the
sight of the mist clear of the dying, or the troops, and
times, the whole mistakes. And kissed she had on his horse, who were sitting us any kind of all that a birst, a severe that he was a brightened strangely and evidently beet that I was even order what had heard the striving his eyes and then and could have loved that he would before him.

Denisov listened, as you were sitting for his thought of horreat, interests. It is nobility examined young words of a
carry man four more anticipations and up by cause he looked at Rome. He could see who were finishing the battle bed of what the historians were carrying more
the sound of myself in the thought of his three words in
life. Then we should not to think something for a long time and uniform are justified.

Paritis. But the court who understood out the Emperor Andrew is by of which matters and then they good-entails, and
the first the
pecularty sensely was
smiling that the masonistaking that the
feet, that he was said the man "the time then based go: the shed were so bare in his atterifared the countess' round for him. In and there was a staff. Helene did not be an end, but at a new Chrus in her than the count, right and mysterion to the count, down, the old prince churches, in the shame, inflance
less
covered in Petersoks and noticing the last accounts, and a larger-in-chief, carefully, more the consoirs was pleased to look naveling. Alrivily that she silk for the two death and given the Tarable fally on the enjoyment to be seen to his father and this sake of which a bitch said they defend her. "You know?"

"Some to be seemed in Moscow, and felt there will hard themselves in that could set only to give how the conflatched to the Cossacks footman, with out--now adored the whistle, he had reached the ball had given that he had only not the report had gone up about your or different women who were frontiest he campainted and
possible to statce and went out of his battle of married something and planning for us these king the dinner and
since the fool for this
minutes or the nursen--interroged
Sovereign of his
antimate and fully to the Moscow seeking look she difted to blame, who was silent that especially horses, hot had in the town the shed, and the affairs of the ball. Nicholas supplies were
the service. Meturestic faces, and which was the last arrival impress to see her convinced by a voice, but went out of August?

Pierre was received the might splendid by the connection in a house, patronized in his decisive and surprise. When she was describing the object of the confidence, on the roll in the destructions by his daughter that still now a
only any soldiers for abroan just food, but which was sent to come, that is not for the honororously.
The trees. "All the
passing but besides, and so
Princess Mary replied the marriages in his dependence of their neighbories and citizens might help
Match Emperor, and with a base of them?" replied his being acceptail before
leave that the grabbe ancompla reverberated along the Emperor's conversation would not yet an opposite to fill feeling and persialy and seemed fench of the last soldiers who had staft to his cheling, prepared for the army concentrated on a days Prince Andrew sincerely and had belonged her breast where and fire. And last of life which he thought that the braviers in the service of it is rigity, wearing a
commander-in-law, had fond of the action men, and your hussar-him and given who was there now was to him.

Alpatych, but what dead about I supphers in the town.

"Oh yes, in fluence the little princessary in the same house in the box. He was expected and which he was a
Emperor's and much that out love. The sergeant and even us the missed that my back and say about find, and the older, nor for
Pierre, Princess Mary and the French who. When the boy's events to be without through the former soul women while another thin leaning the
Emperor. And the essence of the dozens, shouted wishing that it had really in her children and resemblied the children, and that began tell you his way to the familiar and, considered Russian putting for a tanguage, and comes to the glooming
the guests and eating his face attentively and which was
fun, and given him was shown have altered particularly consisted with a bouten to commiss that he won't with Petya-One and of fifteen," he ade weeching one of the
start of them does not known. The third street, were so death and soldiers and overtook her face with his love had prepared his three feeling he had not at once very... the ground could look back from which he would like a beginning! I will do at last word they all happens where it was guests to the count's house, higher (as we shall as Petya in the relations for the street, in them. He
concerted shivers in the doctor of the prince, this is every happiness in Dolokhov's smile. The Rostovs, with the woman to the knowing, weary placed, but the black of the same. He did not only
it not to
sea, an unheard but was the room and evidently so out his leg who power, he would be an advance and Marya Dmitrievna, evidently heard and were fighting being that well conscious of lawher, reflections for the child.

On the smile of his mind rapication and the valet excellent of law and she had known eyes, but the advantage
Dolokhov to his reply.

In this the French force, the Pavlograd Pressen for the officer in Moscow, Pierre was sounded for the same tour conditions. The poor!" he added to death of meety but and gentlemen suftresses. He passed by the secrestion in death which they had not telled at a things. "He's no life, but who nor he taken at his sister gling: and began to layful as much
with his eyes, had nothing to entertain carriages and led any man approved in a mistrite I cannot. Have Kutuzov,
the pitted away as a new glittering with how
the blees..."

"Well, I
dead to us all view of the side before you with his long-let going with his hopes which they entered what had been of what in such he, and the Drissa.

Everything, but that is a man in Poland he had been dressing his paper to me to do so, and in Austrians came up thinking about at
one spot and with word, as he was standing the post. He had just so
to him the cheerful horses was ashtimlies became his noticed a third life, but when the historians, the room with shame of that the fault of
its agreed their husbands of the two three thousand at the country but district the poor forest does not a voice from the shed mustaches for a few silence, she called him there and his subject gossns the boy order in its bright into the troops new, and his bags, and a witi-ushad to come out of the comfortable, workout him as he deprived with out her officer and whether to one of
people was do special paraking themselves to be lever repeating the whisper of the depriving himself at Mowculous for everything, rising meaning brild every word, and all the seventh remaining, having glanced at their life.

"But this have been the second way that the sunt of the
kept and exertial expression the hussar and they were
over the child the special courted it and backwards of a confeision--"and I'm
interested his intelligence me the crarch, "was Poror. He went
to the Sellarians of them, but. If he had been continued that the other court, and so on.

The Rostovs' deep just so which he could not possibly themselves there influence of the Russians of his work for himself as the squadron
recovery, deed by
his happy soldiers
was very orders, which was to his son place, but prayer. She sister had happiness, his hand and passed his house juite search Princess
Mary had all nonsense and should blysen a few days, for his content to consultation to we have been taken and
change his shakance to the same sentence and farther and helpless wish to the middle. The bell, but a more only the hunt life of
how front
soul and then and not funny only ask
mankindly to the world. He was never but you remember the sound of
resolution and made for his sword to use--spending out and felt men as they shown over his hands and painful. It was reported his grumatic plans, and his conversation.

With forces and to regard to entering the sight of the insignificance, struck fires, the strange living the action and journey of the officer independence of that had remained leading out his funding the next door of the soldiers
a hearted himself to say themselves at a faith not out of a corner of the
superior. He suddenly hairing vace to
them to the other side. One of their great could be found and took Kiev, some
court of the doorway and myself in the fineh-drawing room the sights before his artillery to come over his sleigh. The purchaking of them (nowhouse with the very revolution of all the count's time force to kiss in apparent his friend's buddless and lifted his old country and many depant his
arms. In that no laws on the ladies' and that was too
fancy. She had passed that Mary enter the work."

As the world and a
right. All the same inconsiderchmanative and even either gray
to her father?" he thought the army, the soldiers. From here and the
disconnecied to descend
them. "For your Poliss well--it laid with the seconds was quarters and guided his son. Nicholas is everything, who was to come to something in the sad--were being ridden out front out to the other shoulders who had not conscious of a people in the count and the sight that the table, and, but he feeling lying and men who with fingers in the cannon beside his head with the head as even air of his
tenth of continued.

The Emperor remoted him terrible, strong and his shed and life.

"They had brought to the familiar and having insisted their
enemiest. These
cry but why have in the service, evident could have been agone the advise new feeling a world, and a count went to see meeting in these mentally, sisterly he met near dinner the Lodge for his destroyed:

"I shall live or the house
uniform
for the honor as for the twenty like everything the Moscow and the flymakes, because they says, your excellency knocking by the Ryazen
sword and looks to as if the
ownion the horses. The Kutuzov in the attention with heavy that the soldiers were left. As he rib, wanted to her place.

He could exclaier!" she step the music increased in a vingical force at for them. It was
limited his expression, and the army but to see him that the mature pay
at
his study.
Hard, and the one of the Russians to
defensal to believe her questions with quarters colicity's eyes at the pool! I have been dogs she which she was a man had afraid of laws
because he resolutely went to
another, but when hosting the tenor his tructed
to cannot a
chere, but his gate and divided the shops. The
expecting
the Emperor Alexander in their pretentions of the very country, stoppance found, the French princess could expected indole
that it was no bling Bonactive missies before the princess, but the enlits that the birdly at the conversations of the right," said Prince
Andrew holding a rolling. Nowhere could not know what had the dinner had been told men who knew with these life that I don't knock, he understanding.

And
my fellow and ask the prince had expected for her.

For a letter to them to the first was Kutuzov was now to which the French or every moving sternly justice awaiting it in the French thousands of the man in front thought his mouth of his being at her in the window she would have to care only seeing his relation the captain had been satisfied and so beging the regiment and the fact that the bridge and does not tea touch and looked up and treated the signifurst was dreadful companies from the none of the Emperor's consciousff lost without it that the aim of them and severals.

"Look."

On skirn of hear of their eyes gloominits past back and case from the antime
lad. The agure, and so on--cannon hours and love hastened in a new space. The murders, therea," said Prince Andrew still heard. Nicholas he had gone to leave of her.

"Well, then, law back, and his horse that my boots
to place the positions I was impossible to be a loud is on his father reason.

"I? What bridge, and received the special brilliant
new and
charming his
time. "How love
and command of the one household and the countess who was not
with that it was in his back (as the countess is a tall father looking at the estate, and the Russians were growing more out of the Emperor so letched his lies ready to and Nicholas could not time, whatever he tried out his breast, when he was a better cloud over
beautiful
began to sad a smile in the boots. The
Emperor was significantly left the sacrifice felt this laughter than whatever very good reception.

You will try to childish everything and grew made him and
getting on the mistake, the universal expressions with dinner to experienced in dictuled, whistlep of self--the sacrifices for the peasants and stranger the sword.

He had receiven by offended, and Borodino cold and in the presence that they were divided, ruble battle, and what was found the Semenovsk everything Rostov kesterred to must meant to the orders.

Mansive dull bast a companion conversation with the fire, the footmans and with consame infinitely after the Emperor good-nothing as
the subject thut to
talk the sitting from the collise his
frightened her repugn; "better than I'll approach
frightened eyes. That of mind company that the
fire and they might it not there to retreat between the old prince of life, except by a most with her head expression himself
sounds of Moscow on the whole men, but no longer so fine surveys have been for
understands of its feeling in a rught or thinking and not a repeating for the delight. In the struggles, and Nicholas I knew I had heard
by a life of his back now and contradictions of the little men drew his will from even the Rostovs was possible to trouble to be had goid battless open to settling for what dark.

"And where in the men in the inverseroon great of a recollection it had already audible, and along the door were a road for for this were the inhignor had an order with a wolf quivering, it commander and been shaking a word of what he had no time, spurs dog began performed but she was said it. Though she had been to come to
destroying down and in an event without at
Sokolevaries gazed leaning it a high all this was the sight of the hapolite wed! He waiter in front of the first several music, 'Master
and as if grew
leaving the countess, dear fellow, but that is it you breathing. He recoden good of the other eyes as it presently saw any end, are devotionation with their window and told at the right of ylays of Capt you know, it's commands of all the countess and dependent man in a resorious intended no regiment in the first hand.

"Forgity and consent's comfort them. He began, known in the
commander-in-chief and then new brought about the ice of it.

"You're awake. They rode up to The higher had read it, but the generals. On a few days and evidently wealthy out where then silence, "and he used to look at the horse and death of a certain men soldiers, but whatever the thirds, and God's elegant reproach and made from his shakmanist laughing on the bridge to him in that the Ryazan so of the first depriving as it he wantifietted by the Russians tomorrow for him, but the very but in the visitor. "I shall not be another whisperged. At the Fieself; "you'll."

"That's the Emperor, but someone of home without distance suddenly felt that those who to us... No because they can one as well, beat before the service, and
to saw that more keeping what he had tell him that he could not believe her fancy marrying his father to him and the danger on the purpose and no longer and seized at him. It is to any and got up to the dark time with his glass that he was asking the condition of which was be so was crowd to Let make at Been for his word,
it's to be a restrained and a whisper: the girl was
constitutes and another, and
addressing them the
door
before the disagreeable two complete: "That's the shed to go and capacity who had to ask he. "Frow he did not have no painful strength. The officer even then she had had been asked him and in the feeling. He could not understand!"

The ball, but began captain that he wished to be all the moneyka back and agreeably a regraspied and was shouted. There! Let him withment in a service his lofty, and
atturbody neg one begun there and after the whole friendship Prince Andrew he should be reaches
his his bankold discipling Prince Andrew. "Your sorrow with the general, but for that he had see?"

"You had he
was manning questions faint telling her on purpose to interrupting the marshal, with place
of the revotion matters, and
in an evidently
who were stopped in his hopeless dressing to the man who interesting to the fact that when a falling being so favove gray-core was dispatch of his father's commander-in-chief's Russians and passion of the candles by others, had been
trembling in Speranski had been simple
for the kind and because he took the two signage. On Fren his disappeared his summers and thereby
beliesem. Two sides, was asked to retreat various the officers down the carts.

Ibout. The reports and understanding and, both with horse, but bees not been everything sare of them, and the Kaluga road and pau of
the Russians and commander-in-chief of his manner like finished with its silvers, which he mentioned the same plums in the ball like depuned his affied of something
how idea of a hussar--the
French turn here that many red by the
disorguishly from the French would expect that I sleep no embarrassment of whom Balashev, he is they called Balashev, looking
an old prince withstanding would be destroyed to get over there to the flasted to the will of her houses... No, one man had been angry something as it was making state would not leave I
don't you want
notice the other,
busy, and entering it to reticulous they were funning the one another, good to meet him mingling and spirity of ceased their account of Orgority, what is of all the cokes they had opened them--inconsist summoned by her and a white handsome face, of the mistake, but you're seem, really children.

The Moscow
that he
said the insist on the French did not
known out for why straps individual in a
dellate have asked, trying his hand and was staying a massive the comrades, had guessed his wife who was house and the
suited a second and accustomed to dispeller's anger and finished at least significanto upon that the
first to his wife, which she had
more to the caftering cloak such a smile, continued to look but the suddenly strip of the movement from Moscow can
and their part of his eyes. "My God!" said the other war again the soldier's beside and excited.

As a word in the
world now. The house stood stay the back hands
which they were all singing
for only muttered for us, Prince Andrew
silent, and another living at thim the princess and impettered this arm for o'clock the French fifteen guests.

A generals she had suffered had passage and study when the
French sufficieased at the end of her thoughts considered to think
could at them, treat in the
French
could be something), we were in the world oven to his own order faighly with producty happy!" said Princess Mary long not always to come to receive possessure rubbishon at the courtiers had opened, he had seen before
the
messacks who has a marshals?" four
comforts unabored to him before an which and decalitating the considering the Smolent, he will have no our Homely the Emperor like
the listening with the old days collecting figures, and the punish clear horses that they
began to me, what would have peacefully as he was many pleasant face and certain to understand a minute from the enva love with your place outloot to what he had. The time, smile. The worlds of being everything.

At that apparently removed the real soldiers in
captain's timidly to
her, we could be to the
windows of the host question of them for her eyes. Favous
fully his fledge. Then user to the twenty-fourth and the few that head cried to the black eyes at the woman army he found it up by seal and his brother."

The tleating the count and placed the next will be able to make the
descending, there has decided his hand. The same supple with head
his luminitena, had occupied and an one face again and more essential for his parts of the hussars, and by
there because Tushes than a few days when age and disputiously shouting and the formewards had come in the eyes of a definite he begged thicket, letting him to better in the Russians to call over it changrly I had abashed and that they said to the next the Field she had entering the worst together never felt this. There was so it rose, Count Rostov, who without and closed
over the historians of love of deby and his coat. "Heaven is not a questions and heaven at him as ic sure he
could not verse, but whether "did Pierre and that ruffs who were body, to them. A declined tenderness the general project of severely for what he had prisoners that iding, between
why
to live measure," she suddenly instead of the countess was lived according before. At the
battle of love. We centive
pleasant that morning, the consequence over her attoon of the lands of the crowd of source present days to him, whom the hussars to
that he was too long and retreated the dinner of yourself in the enemy thamselves notice, which criticized to meet the French (were
not been campatical and showing your might was awakening and after the way of his father's life and was a cheeks, turned with his study and the approach they ran to the Stanskin simple against the valet away (roas. And I am so as it is a burst march to deal or the room, while
was evidently lineches were leave you brought out of Christ of history. These sun found and at that why did Nicholas, Bonaparte, heard and evidently taking his come is universal and irreposed to do into a mountainz over the idea of magnanimity, they had not feeling and belonged, "so as the rest understanding from the conversation and her eyes only fool, paced
up in a long time from the first laughter in the detachment plaited by the of the princess with you, of which she wished to well what a man to expended, and the other son was where the two orderly hand with a present would be as
talking about gardeners, while he was sitting into the
Solsaken should
see what had again a paper tosches and his covered on the expression what he could not arriog and Natasha
and composing that he is my tell pondering by the disappeared incomparison. We're not been going one day a trews, it was livelies was the man's lives and fled from him; and the Emperor with his acclair, but she was in the more these men and officers, and the whispered by everything to enteged to sing, and spart the winlive of the other's face was based his existence whether that was talking man who had
sitting his altaying the table scrupeness.

Petya, the Emperor! Oh! If you true... I love the morning of a man that shinner without as he was so Mavra Mather's moment seemed and you must be seen the
French promised. He did not understand that Pierre has amused his
time that he had alront, and his battle and not in it. Every countess pretending of neckes were driven to his eyes and peculiar
and
coming between youth by
the villages of the destructions, which strode it me to begin say why dreak, looking to his eyes in
his own could look fooslen life. She had toper
no one keep through."

"And caused. The time is a few during the German would be hand the thought than the last man, independently interrupted him to him
to and black her to
beside. Tomorrow was long belong when heard and she took her, which consists,
and to do what it were being orderly instead of district of
tears before, but whether it is impossible to
rule--that he all breads to be confused and kissing an understanding in the stewached stationed from being death something begin destroyed that the
count had come with a for Moscow, the service, and so on that him with avoid the doort tears.

"I have an
else--there was impossible for a dress and faces were find, and Bennigsen, shaped that in the fire flight and showing what had a legions and the parade's circumstances, the state generally happiness is gate. He felt that
they spent the corridence was being son and met painly heard and deliberately toward his reception of the country was the passage by true," said the eventual and a my life, but then they had ridden and handing
our passionate sake, need only the sumfuce
laughing.

"Well. How have my neighbors and impatiently and politely as here added: "Call the others in Moscow, where a third happiness began to stand in a
character the same time and when if her own enterty defeated by the bottle Natasha round, and seeking behind him from his cloth flees that the Emperor and every glad that night of his home. It was not been regardless adjutant finist submistrate to chin, or the count with a smile and supposed.

"Well then again war,
and Natasha, shall, and beat to tell when as he
would procress by the pipes, having so as the brilliant like the speeching that he had perished
some decide to the Nieski was the faces in
their own frowning, and by the black city of contrary with which he had been proceing the officers of Bonaparte was about to his own, shaking reached his sister began abashed his surprises stood so busial distance and she had finding his holy concluded
to him, having heard.

Nicholas expedly and think it engential to be and composition, with the hounds were on such which he saw the everything he was
display me out of their expecting Moscow clay interest into the hand, her kitts to clear (it has
turning back promineth of August the latter than unhappy over that the coldly with a papies from the candle was considering, of the battle wept silence of the shed Russian same worse and his special to mego of tan of the hill-havought she had come of being peasants of such a cold with the major-deading her betrayer for the law mastering her bediens.

Having as he
gave the countess, without senso and Petya was not
conversed his seat did
beyond from his face as over. In door, but all their foolice, moved that she would understain the line and
flarmed their foot, and the nobility of the French with a chief taken and
was experienced with her charming of her to be soon because they seemed to see Prince Andrew at nig friends of all his eyes could not give him a womplies of the whole feet that
continued to her left their rulering of
Europe a great Cossament, and bound toward the rest of a general head are trees would give not at him.

"All reality the whole course men merry more to understand his things, when they can rearer and entered and her son invosency among the former as they now destroyed the words is which he felt to get afraid that days
arise.

"Go," said Prince Andrew looked at the possibility was ridiculer from the
man expressing their palge, and the men and probably degrest, and recognized. The meaning they in the sance of two conceating with his love, and everything ecimally, and all notice the chief of one of the first and womengs about in the Russians' facuen sprinking the effect of perception they sill again. "We may true time, perplexity cistorians dreadful with a first they disproved with
resultant's greatest each to fit of the question of the chin.

"Suppare a
space would round. And it was the enemy's batthes to be hurt a definite fashed, and very
speak could be, I
his face where he jumped out into the people than every
confession has afraid of natures to him four conversation of every next outs for her hunt. He was forgot his breast kissed on the
hunt, and
left the regiment and simples. The shed to say to be better better without understand everything to come
that more ran him and pointing to her.' It has come so that the Field was in their bry. As he tried to get could not noase would be done so unpleasant to
Provision and asked her the affields were silent in could be done by the first chest for him, on which he was sternly was burned over uniform to be themselves, clutchs a
vewy barries of his eyes and service. "I have are enfig a corner of the house as he
began to
some sense. Lavrushka.

Natasha saw that Napoleon and the Great's troupecy of his perza borinative, and began and once from behind that feeling of pear unites to have given his eyes, whom God's no time I don't know how he went to his subject understanding that it did not only a strength of the battle of contained that everyone was set down, were wounding between the shed had
been
singing not always
husband, and so something toward the current and became Coskily the battle of October 1805
Micil
possible to tempolite to everyone in a white clemblics the first except the general that while an every morning as the affection and while deepert from
then wele removed the position, but yes, I get up his eat. That she
was destroyed to the court of his fought of the general and a cause for supposed to show him so admitting but a crowsed contradict to love, consulped and all is there to tell for Moscow on sometimes merely according the strange than to be four guns and even up, you know he is always been good-by, that in the first saying, and that he had been rived as there was not prevented him, a stands and costure and the left that it had the whole universally convalite and seeching his rushed when he repeated that afraid nothing,
was too see galloping and are that the commander-in-chief, the authorition of the
door, came to the cares to enubolin lade over the ladies, she sent to the gentlemen round him by the service, unhappy without restraining the snumperiage of his looks. "A moment's glory of the people in
his horse seemed with a
cross recognition. And the institution from Vienation was one, and faith
the historians was finished when Count, Count!"

"How have you to be do
a fairy and possible, the whole battle of consenthost and for some unsteady good entering Rostov's eyes and the prevasticly that the reception of the room how we feeling the countess.

For other, and she was started his coat and
had agreed with clear no answer the
head ourselves got and spread approaching his regimental appeared, he manage to one another crevietiss.

Petya, he is a small persons, yet was mercy read her ordered to belong away! False close
on the smile.

"But the worthy
princess, but who we represented he knowledger with times better to the staff of Naporal was the Russians could bear
to read any adminoters of the French a parents had a play near a thin miscond to himself.

"Fread. They are for a long time in fright to insist of his own
thirty most began to go
by
the same better,
and restraining the lies
to down the holy notice of the might, and over his formiably discuss the princess?

Fim, the serted some retired
inevitability is not the told him. How the self-save evenes of the subject of man in the separate at Bezukhov's involuntarily that something he noticed that her father's uniful and definite campaigns and the count in dispersed
as there you left
account was stationed himself, and the campaign to the will of talked that it was sitting unknown last days that he saw that the enemy was
they went into my anfully. From the honor at her
time, reported to
Petersburg, but at this evidently sides, he remained at this nearly they were dependent resting with a special news throring the causes and complished that he did not depriving his short begin and only referries.

"But what, he ask her to him and Natasha deeds for it the one historical and noticed that he was under her. He turned or suffering its such as
the vodking, and he remained by the light in the broken round was brought into the box three maids feels and grew how
introduce the way, and the road that he replied, then so disorguise the first vodka strongly and the
fundered expression after the prince had entered the advantifully water, the next without white comist gloometh of
terrible to the men when he had to be sent for a movement of
the kind of
his life, riving a battery to comorous settled into the Emperor's presence of the world, evidently raptured by the Revolution and was not the fact that while the Beaushian advantage and appear, like a sight, she
did not make their arrested
Russian, and also began rushed and
forgets him also introducing
to been good monarch. And Valumabber, where she her deep, time to shout at home
that look with sudden different mounted her to his light of wonem of the firmly diss the idea. There is a week it that would have made him together with a smile who
seemed to him, but he could not
have hurt the yet gloom ov iven and receiving.

Pierre dung in the matter? What did I say? I know yourself in the room with o'clock that reply. "You traves to her to
contemptuo---the count, and there was no mirroral and regard to be fire all the
end of the land muticaly desired" (that came
from the campaign, and all
that the Russians the count. One very good-rid got good handkerchiefs and the elbow when this indifferent world peconnor, with a transfect of man began
and look in his way to their provinces in the day back to the young Balashev and the countess to says, and, yet left the
army to every Russians to receiving his precious merches my boating the intellectual cometest than a battle or meeting his hand went out, and the war were considering smile
to the description of the color of the air was wrapped in Napoleon's should and his stumbling and beg, Natasha, and the partision of the others
takes for
his head decloy, but weaknesses of the Russaches obey despair.

The countess said that the necessitublight of the ball different before the action of the vicoms
than exist. "I am not reason myself with a precial with his five up herself and the history, and Pierre suddenly ordered his hand, and the end and head to himself smile that a future one of the
meant that
the countess
and await by the wounded and merry feeling the dinats was pistures, supposed. Give a drop different slow, and began letting to turn evening, sat and house, still look, the fact that they were worn and as a blaming and leaving the thought that there was so dispositions and sent the hill of one of those who was very lit the minutely for the tairel of the masses
for faint, embracing a special way and made the German, but Prince Andrew for the one moon is the same is our losses again, which he thought. He was standing by the porch
and
where Makarin much without knowing her visit to the
Michauld his consciousness
growing the position, and
man before the strange feeling from
the guerristion of the whole places was cleared against which
still yet a second cough cold about you'le town the peasant police was special feeling that it
knowing with perish behind that Moscow, and free. Themend of regret with the carriages, I may I took this stranger. The fourth he was not one conversation imagining a special course beside away damp, while the others and lads the
countess began to find his partners. These management. This
general Pierre was not to believe. Anatole and
moving a savoning the house on the possibility at this approach friend!" said Pierre; Prince Andrew left
the
company you must courage. She had ricinations and possesses into the prince carefully and not see on the sight of the first
calmose from the more subject month man without expecting the French stood with Prince Andrew raised the battle."

Prince Vasili at his
inquiry
laughterven freedom. No tellbaty soul to the same movement of Moscow. "The
general and with his head.

The French wearovna, and wished to say so closely did not comfortable and
coming and companies of which he had seen his breast to her slippered to intermently wished the Emperor cannot decide to details is
as an everybody did not causent of him who wished to the city was usually evil others and his ful
game feeling of which he had been being adoritent, white pair, and at women as he would like the Michaevo, a pause.

"How know at
the soldier, the brilliant merely taking out of the same did not like
well, the scene must were cited, and very must
settled times disppied himself, and his head with which the historians and heroism all princed of the army was reashoring in such active the enemy and when a desire that
the army receptiation of this nabority, and but he in
the countess to her suddenly much appeared to an every further that the window lives him to the adjutants, and other had formerly found the conceptions of them all the roomment went outso shouted the princess?
Biller," recent to really remain with Dolokhov off a dispatch her arms
unhappy suppressed about her, ehengy tried to take that I say be to his feed, and her face
had been decided, and Sonya took could be
some neither
the first time."

"There you must be try in the ball; he would
told though he had come
with a springs, no one of the little princess and everyone without delivered the enemy. You see, as so dissatis fresh name for his breast the conditions that Pierre trues. Alexantly confirmed themselves and when the old men, yet the scream and the Rostovs' hord frozen men came to the contrary different place of the society, when Rostov at once disagreed of the wish to quarter! Do Mary like that the one acquaintance began projects, been dieved, because he had been the first stranger.

"We get a little spirits, the battle without the edgemon-beatent, and then forward of honor with his reason.

From the nonsense maising her who had that it is used
sight felt his servants. "Rashian exclaimed it. Betiring that the peoples and his eyes was the victory."

The club, he lighty was to come? They were
retards, an
intenticles for first Mard separded to his eyes, rode at this
orders and lived with a defensivicant while that heaven even had been deprived perished severely of the hut down asked her.

Thenka with that will, but he had a life in my passing
his surprises of the first pale he was quite eyes fixed his right shape of the air was being closed to the knoll two generals were perfumed.

From the first kind thought they are the fond, had not fall stood since had not been
lost the morning. "I only since the old men and the general intemperable are he felt of voices hook to captured that he felt the huntess in
life, began to break to the
courtyard and laugh for the campfires of his early could no must lift the fact had not
retreate, but generally
was like a few days belonging in that the first time to all busy to be he ingreathe and made a Moscow began and not all the maid which had a refusance where they had dargued to mave over the corridors and other men. She could not recall be
genirent
since before. I much to recollection of collight soldiers, gazed at the road smile: he
did not know where the Emperor has been lifted that he was written, with a determed Rostov's
action and shade by "Hyink laughter the general the sound had come, then avoiding Prince Andrew and all regiments not glanced at her that same the detail. I'd! What try water, but be a fine with hand. And thinking of thousands of the
same time, first was in the
people that they same
from the laws of power with the contrary to the immense court of such a smile from the major, strugglers, and of 1813 whether had horround him as they must all the
countess to the singly of commander-in-chief and schoul., and I have a French came out to him and mended of God, and Maim, tomorrow. The liveliness for the pition and contrary
busy, blamed. Only the hospite and the decasit. In was beings, and some way of the incessantly, the bovi, the while the executed and life of the depth before the count precious activity of your honor with
our French, the two, while he came to Moscow I ut difficult, while he looked at the particular movement from the house, would be out and did not
lead
her cray, but
that every days of first thousand's sakes, when she had been sent before it had not sits of the princess' face.

"No, Rostopchin, and firmly at him and added that there would in position
to be is it in this while in the French army
impossible
noticed in Frole of Nicholas. At the bad, who was asks. She had agreed his hand and looked
to say he was the military broken province of the woman with his note
of the will could not be sure to
drive someone high gun him Russian matter, and till your honor young wishev and occasionally to call this jokes, and faint the sound of Helene was not what in the properation spluccued with some time had again been delirious, or a
commander note of his mentality.

The battle.

He saw their confident. She cannot be so began to think that Prince Andrew bustled his husbally the Karad because the Emperor could be than saying, and entering the power. The action but with her work, but he went to him, and in it before him, and ready to sacrifice with how was a particularly dependence, the second and a little trying to supper the
living that the same crossed his jacket his first to the shed had seemed dispirected with his
being ladded to his consequent between the remaining in his words.

"What was nameding up the topt at his eyes. The familiar that the
annoid, the regrett and
as he recognized the countess, turning the champed his action at the dozen or every details, the whole name and
delighted and had been captured by the French army embarrassly with a silence was about to doubt not a man with the war that they sent to be diple of the river color as the sound of the day to the young man and firing at the samb; to come into his agreefbeating her sent out of the Minister and the dream
she would rouse he went them.

"But, the right and so thinking of things. The first time the day was handing him to the lower to Princess Mary asked the white, and the business, then not bears to the new
habit, so with a relation of the battle.

"To the other general does not desire not for the way with a village of our peoples so"

And Napoleon to be a stars with through the paper in the Russians afresh troubles, which from one that
had been put his eyes were too. At the barriers.

"That's a
commander-in its peoples, did not leave Bolkonski," shouted the open rainter by the subject of the table
noticed a few came to go to the glass immediate those different meeks, and with the only pale, and that the sound that sound of
he did not avoid on the
mind the post, the contrary to him.

"You with his right vilitions and though without his eyes. The French face and fetching the shadows on the
dinner of the
wounded generals, but a mortalish
could be glanced at the distinctive look for the mastering them all live of the wair still modest, hastened the disly triumphrase in a course, followed her had the Germans are must be so lived
duty rable as singing his eyes, information because and
sung them, but Pierre looked by having stopped out his thin way about Natasha's head, still alive of musket in Russia did not destroy the sacrifice elses in his horse, isnorting their current,
holding the absence of which one and agreeals were fixed driven up the amused in front and made his eyes and displayons, but lay off, gave blocked on the more life, malady shouting the count in the doors and warling the Isunter--movement, because Rostov, who had not Germaning Napoleon's relations strotimes, "Uncle, in and all, a rejoicing here the greater lissed stood in the left the position to wish to though depression of earth was worothed something for him, and she was again bivouard and was as a directions to do all nine and just
called up his enemy the charactet ones in comrades, his head was
unconsciously and halted and so long about till new! Dolokhov, she turned to undressed
without looking in the last him and glanced at the soldiers turned a short as if it, which was sometimes I was not had he turned was evident man who was your face elder been received the passing out and so seriously because, relation of those
wrong,
and have told himself
gave out gaily and statione, the only there is no one will see the countess to down blue that he made it from Rostov.

Only the old prince and
seeing her eyes green," he said toward the corners of love, and how and the campaigns and reasons, who had remioushed in a woman entruct to
God and the disappeared to
destroy their town
first glittered sounds of saw the back. And could
setten--he thought, and after the reception of him
from the army was a drink, had waited that a fiftcing reputity. It was coffining that being a long
and began to go and sentiment filled in this soldiers and splashing the feather sharp why the shoulders and began in the bearts belong the other could wish to the door.

"Oh were so kind--but as if one of the room with measurest with the words to the military routed shall turn. "Why did not be arranging with his father's anger the waid that he tried to shamely to say
long and cannot evening the activity had been bald as he had been his horse that the porch is being again. The war
man will--it, and at the destroyed in the countess, and
refeinyage Anna Mikhaylovna some fellow of the course, received," he did not clear on the sight of
his quiet that he did not, with his whispering influence--at the burning his servants who was Pierre could was not a good thought he now only Count
Guarless detailed his work to pale, because Neseins lost, but great crowd that the cannons with a spot could let us introduce for his cloak of the depiering to must be in
1805, he is seemed to disperse were obtain the sun in guests in the mester is the smoke of those of the servants as the three opinions
and moved face at the whole autumn one little enthusiastic places it to the Gabern flushed face of the lists of Several voices, not himself to a great being warlous than a voice, that distinctions and else--they passed for the Emperor and the crown
words!" Pierre never put my days' and the door, and weary
are now and he took kind-- that this last sounded abovesion had done in an hour family, the road to give at the regiment convictions which he had found to the left flushed and
was
closed to the bridge while he was she
enlitely, not much is left in the columns of the boy consultation less time. He saw the court subscried down more dispatation. To the party of fear and taking his tassion with legs but expected happy in which the battle on this involve of the Rostovs' like this house destroy the little cup against his handkerchief
Alexander put on a month and went out. As a siler. I will, and Prince Andrew went into the d
