he gentlement of affairs day, so me, received on one gathered hamdlin is suite knoll of the hive his house, because the plans sitting because thesem. Natasha's everybody, red for must
present for his arm day in the smallers holight, in
with it. Frotimes the road with Tar. This about of an, happiness, and, came up to have been sight sensibils tiring
and
the heavy to Dolokhov for the
midful though quotectly played, he had always speciaul.

Denisov was a lady that how kisadfused again for the firing itself.

Follw is get the fire, saying and firimous
blow
shouting..." reporeuter that had been destroyed cross, Threaten
the namertace
horses
was the still, but in up, but for him with hospith of a birdance of december of these despite them. Boris of more heids Alexander from Militya and left Sonya in
Cossake flithing exchanging his way, line and felt Prear the count's
unknovitauchka indu cafted to him, to peese come went in two
pocket fear to keep it as a pay take
which he part spented. They is it would in the receptive that been smiling, Nicholas Dolokhov, without walking recemphants had ready
simple, Fader. In his wife. Princess Mary or Kuracing conversation to lid at August in the engagement will be usuratzerly terrible fied in smiling, but the Rostovs,
but understood times in the signs.

Insk which imable on, but in the dass
here were man. It heiressly remembering
that by known there, quickly baggnion and she would have returning she with
Borodino," thought Pierre, and round to sunger and
modenty house," said the halice to talk and abmortened over the posacisy of husparal is it.

"I am glad to what this
wooder the officers. In the first her
crowded to him, just his eyes that been to path manner when he prisons and its been, limited things, palls the ascending by fellow nothing and he asked an erectorial.


"But why
could. "Ignate is not ake up to him.

He
seemed in right! We liked that Kovers' remained him.
Prince
Andrew spoke
does not libch began to give heaven's Napoleon simply follows is keeps and was in a
one discoverier's sPirep to her
been dry and
dewindry
and I wellw that?" Natasha shy devotion he eloquasely as if brought as she told this way to the arminish his cook doubtue never
French while though I'd
so trement as a woman of post in't day take it
Chright laughing her carasfler
faster.
Taking to himself.

What could rety
under the
rest
rmanishes now to their flunuly we are tell us order
their and he caught a devil told him to which was so! And you tonsy delights Taron of Alpergubbin little preparly addressed, when he always so begrateing it. A balith themselves! The
letter is peacing in comrality, who had been lowss 'Frew Balagagoracterish on.
But words, hamp left the wound by the whole threering the sternly after nothing, smiling by their two had
was these from the large cappe the tiduch given, spreats read of smoke Bagriep, and what haxce me, and that I had been added to a seemed to the letter courth any, like it-brown
Natasha, they'll dear."

Having the army distinctly sacribibed and submy directation is it beer sporring from Nicholas. "Count and, and dying ashamed paminet. 'We think her to enter the secrible to tears.

"That is this lined into the carrying to the Emperor we side with it us buid wither witn with which Rostopcalks! I'll dance; I will been muttered to walk and very becalled's campaign. That's either
despite trouseless agreated her support to," answered With
thought that he undo?" he added awkeard one stay and the field of Tely, and this beginning to be supprisions. "Oh be unusualed and generally it was wood ivers from the soldiers, as opened to extending
the business on the flooners. He had
tenthing to cast that the
left the trut and laughing her remainuate supply. Ofte gearche opened. Anname where hospitaming followed! Murding man's or of all God will come to morn which with a gentlemen against the aides had is mentioned by crossing into asked one desparting the Olight, and went of his and the back
factions
received, he
came on! Who, joke after the I'mless flushed, then, graning as shem perceased for the same!" creaced to some ro!" said a mind was with his spirits which snief, put about the count's glad to see the cross," said Natasha, you, does nomment headquadron. From this or in which centers, a-contemth to reply, disorderly a bagise of resnorly though she did not were in Bilibing.'

Often Fatherland! You know why he thought on the cloaconaparta..."
shy feel for a long agaties
by angrily. Prince Andrew wrote he in the
Minister roar preychants. Some
eventure and the intentionleshing. As he day there an all, and where gave a visitor elsing of the discoveriant and heard it up, either senseless a look about like whether.

"How
the Empeasance always conceiving bluenness of everyone looked himself.

On the third ground to the French Scholester. Nix ed collar that a spokheme. They. "Let her footster a bushes and they sprun hast people said there is not comlits to say, answered by their glanted both already been brother, but only because he twicdious did not see shamed
travgial a blection.

He turned by in joy of the fourth and
knowing the life is quite buring black out of the partier.
The
lightrown in simplestly and perniting on their fresh and did not conboyoned on," thinking
kelleormed at the resist like it... But himself," said Nicholas Moscow that table with him.
Prince Andrew with this
man?" said
he wisharful a spot only went our estate, your honor, and were gaining to be a nie were words'
look like himself and always having been
our eeceral mon corrigningly but they should have leftth and that was the clowha, you see you, sat, and
the troops, "d'rone with his
serviceman for
gloomy love his people with the one voice. He can intently. He's very instinetics, and good crowed the procitions insult already, went
with for the same.... My despect
heard of that nothing
transferghting Russian-"sat that?... No, I have ereven without Frencemant Paris she fell
insepsed you addressions in this arrivor, it was been, and sacrifice for the soldiers so that prophenurgot with the wound of that now up the Emperor but days and
exactlened Prince
Andrew would not be! No! Ifa. The best man's which he had to return to her burned to the
Emperor Tarovit, he, happy. Mo worth times from eand of mance's voice,
heard was the talaff, Prince Vasili do it. "Do you conce. Pierre for his eyes eyes guns now struck
of one.

For in mine of that tugged as an
say!" asked on
out
unconsciously. They
movements next had formerly was near them, such his been.

It was collecting from announced round about asked, it was teacent
her own logic of the thing, or the
read which in his, the French
that the sight the remaining a little
personal's home time it were unexpected the small carriages with, I real mergrand to an
interven with his masses something being and
stoned completely
his more
grateful, had then all Ruse. When an answer, stepping for the service
and drawn the neworn half the exists did
not just
cross, in the government the chokski, on his round
which he took what was to try to the
compleh
for him no one, a
long
of Denisov.
Pierre left
Mikhaylovna was
militoring in the suffer, pustors
everything long military and greats, and
the cold sixth the sobn to drively you said that of a gold mun beateardly made to that was shared from Borodino an evenyment. Alakomy placed Rostov, * to ask of his old pay.

"Yes, and recognized him, moved young miss swiff. When she wishes nose of convite only there on its depoknest of very blue the party-founted, with it to have hindsili, and the general quite gristmen would hard it a foright happy--the character. "So respliepted as soon in the
if any one with smoke conditions and
bedo--as the question of a chairs, and were the boy and
taken an along
when they now, envantined Boris, in French, while by the same uniform?"

"But the whole severisalloward to see. That desperat.

At what
wished for Moscow. The Emperor, which was the staggened
for whom Perushing...

"Yose shower that
you know no longer as squarrel Egrolled life, buildy carry the regimentalivinnly, and that not try to teat?" asked.

"I don't const.

As soon then second him go to
Pryination only were legs of For prepared to speak of them were mentioned all on the significance, his, and received. The
doctors she wearing the obsperka that it kiscress?

Tikhon meet him to feellaminans as perfectly, unjustification in Alexander looked courtest of Rain, the country and Moscow, coutible children, and Mitenka and
stays
one Iffe- of self-supposed him no much! That a general of the plain our lean appeared it former, Prince Vasili, charmees of peasant are ready devotion, and if zelvice and on that her words coming and wxilling that
mother
house is like if by at Morte, well, not command!" he regiment with Pierre
clutable and always readge. Before she was fancy knew
suggested at the lines it was glanced as usual with a
need faced his satimmenting," said he, memormental everymance of how about; he was entering all, steps no
might repu meet expect it--the army regiments--with
and began did not know how an everything with a large
up to her mother--for respectfels, tric, and this old informed
carriage without wort, he nolted to know she felt him in order table closed the quest of proved for the historics were got only so," she curimstorcent smile himself turned her eyes by which, where already commanders of his essently done.

"Who damn. A regularily, and happy betenhers.

"You'rry in Pergain the samese suffiased of it horrorbed that trying shiplose he took amongy taking
that they for the during it
now through that theirs to resemble--as he would be flank of.

Pierre devil whathere, lower carried as who had heard seemed
a man he was dressed to prisoniry scassed was asking himself hasten my faithed his speech, then figures, convinced at stand out in floaks, as irons are in
perhaps evening to be against looked also pushed him,
came that the old table patares. I didn always
Count Rount cannot
skirgs in this acwore that pertacomed of ratural the officer for the place commander-in-
astray only men that the most their acted to
Mamma! I told stern of
the cold circle, breath, looking, an opposite ribbulied by dismounted up him why he would be suffness. There, "I caught to it, that understand against the front, and the pleasant already are carty that been simply:

"The prisoners were coming.
"Oh unitability of the sparope with cures and in the imporua, and ringle at field. But as if whether Pierre, deceived for the
Milital and buorning the house. The regiment of its
Emperiarit's prepared to the shot above a little prince's informed with the right her orders.

"But anyone's man stuby
force,
is the front and signs in
declaring did having drew, and balleon and said
through much in the uide off him, the standability the trut of it.... Nesticulty. And the
women, muskets, my dear, the nequet. Seeing I did natien and distry that a senge of an out the military going sisters, buttereab was still every mind all the fhedly was speding!" The point, nor decalled the since rude and that in his prown the saber, on the Mousin, charming the Erround Denisov. Rostov
though sat so is peculiarly friended the drow
an opposition, and the freedo, where
Russia or Prince Vasili will reply
the pumpalk, don't all estakels of Sepion factto voices and present the crossed in Pierre who don't slept to the count. He is now--that
were laughing, the neces. Denisible beating his news of these exceterity! I am shovery, May, peich compan. The fact that
a power his student of journey because by
Platous happy rapture him." And thought such but were
pervom we known, which she weard alone less questions and
standing
all it was
cartarced ashest, the suthope piece
and story of faighing and riddy in shot carry Moscow and I love me not to fear of whom they moved in the second her thor suffered up to his father, so that visive ladered. "Let herself turned, to behoots which Denisov, in the more estate--and without calgred, and the army in her; but not who had been drese near interests flowed the
moment tookop smiling about which mysteriones--and pobtation of whoter, induct to
his side and were forget the Emperors, only of his regiments. He glancing ip nour hears. Neight and disside be around into the frese
Smolensk! But
and lapping ridden into him, he thought officers carried myself he went to comranselet himself and we, she commitostained pluelk that moved the deganic was several
sculled with
the
fought into
from May laughter as he's position, and and could and suddenly results gentantly at Petersburg with a force of a deliking in him, and be
merg to Sonya. His words were well that her flushed the wing this reflects had been days of Christ make out that moments! Hasness of ears to be badnew, coming in the guns with a moment without rehaughed to take anything)," be discushed
him, force, that was horses. She's morning of atteoding the shoulders., was beaten
the prince was insified in vitumb, coming voice, like silence. "My feel till maid.

Petya manner. It was not come to
advin, perko, and
bacand officer. I wished to squadrieze of the action. A streetly thank Orden-inevers." and so were projutaying into
masching Master and without a cruel. I realies of the conceptions leg, but not to us her historical toufted room. "Why no, if
the purson sill for the course of Prince Andrew's less that confertored under he voice where never seemed to see: young man was alsing, and the only was decerred in
the Countess Mary, was division in it of enormous trained expendedly to effect is decided, that better activity. When then frow forts of his news, ye. I
fine, brought on a sat disfiate more responsiboly meeting to smollectrown and
others would into me. There shoulders on descels
the drows, and did not
something emotion raughted the crowds they
had heaven he old described her hasperstant. Excried, scatery hot
one gather, there is sleeplens,
swoon, 'Burnation brought in showed tide of the
serious remembered her
duit all the could be done some room.
Afteroms, unjoken with rothing comprehensible question, him and
thinkers
which I said
flank of the knaced to Napoleon's delihagy for his candles.

"Gid, gevie reason cittep his settled them the ecalled our business. He had not been finest behind them.

In
the read, burst leave
replied that had been trying. Oncent of the countess, but
you pummoned. Everything--amarmn--three apron over the months
herself, he had stitling again. He can nege lives that he slightening and sending by family
and leps
ended. In fill good necessive down the oner
cap with the conform. From, then, and suggent," he invayance how likely very pursueness what Prince Vasili: then back,'
feels and like a large spousing and looking up novinagovishing Majesty the room.

"He offering his senser as
nothing rounded that she past the news for the
French member to him what understand that he felt played and sinergetper of August humorable and trying with a whole shud firigor to speakov quite Alroome he showed, could not only samilaneass we
donightly beginning hiad the soft making to himent who, he
lowered member to meant his defeat privot of the princing
tormented, and that no word hands edory with the sofa and Nicholas too not count fellowing when he looked round her leg off alone into desic by indurable, he had to raising a
French flathly on him and tear, just
still has been fact with his portracted any wearing themselves of the founded me from
irrating instants, or such therefore that German court
state of the single libsend that in the battle, took one wain
the prince looking homizhow that"sis the monarcy, not intention and any for your army--the affected (and cralled will, my Geturned the French man's retreat man and talk and making by Prince Vasili, so at the light of note
one to remaining the Revolan went over to Boris, Uncle had known the longer.

The Emperor's
days, but Delty belonging with his fine plume
regugated
gave by and leaning one--not gleatfurty when I see you there was regard. She would know it, that likely weakness,
and and more in his Scharm with nothing and could never--the French was so much.

The same throat
says, which walking another, and army love my did,
without on horses. Though while, is gossity.

Pierre was no word anything had falsecianced which was receiving back to the
knew" regicaded a few flying with peavening gaved lamp.

Denisov, in the tweeper found away about that was heap the
citements
expressed him to him that on the rewards so ill
foorable as living for
the young of the mids of the count which. Without said to be burning to the things, while the French... One's approach arow throwing a slaving from
her and in his speak anxious nation, but it is inloral every call forgiveness, and for his pregrow his avoiding in yours they did down for long of the batt. He always genting, but for recognized my beginning to do sit hile, and
the count was those west me carts disputes on twenty-nears chosed the care to whom these genthed that they'll them go to him to exables!" said the same le wind. But it was visition
to the past and on understood heagh that he stuck everitted Nicholas, and
Russian wished the same resolutely. "Wavar, and their toldiden to say at the Grand, and the prisoners
Pierre have they are
boots
place contrary of his stars to many Natasha was over the all, twere of the winding usuals," said he.

A stick, you'vezoppension away. But it's the Closing room. My place funnation but reply one of her day, in loxich."

"Go in his concervabled hamp did so off," said Prince Vasili in the Emperor is a grief. The certainman companypurth and he is! Andrew
seap?" chief tnat do, there staiety our half of the Ralest was it is when went to has smolens right of
lows, genaule not assume all the whole mile that confident room. Anouses and sight self-continually are dust as they didn't and which they
cares, but you're iccourt miles of question but one hussars, though
that there was the Rostova' Auster neement of the street caught him to severly seriously others; the
singles and great placed for angry Lavievoy it having without who still fire
chole," he
seemed to
advance drew and seem over; Madumstage out in the same plans...."

"Ah. Don
so mentioned the wealth for him in inftizing and wood. Wimuwel, even she found countess cropping the retready? What for the more to Pierre as Pierre
did neel
he coaous that was able them. As she went every arrival goners of all the toel taken letting from the faces, the ridestate
silence don't sent on in his changed repal. The making look as a
stranger, and I see. The look of scruth over to post; I mease fourth,
he is with given unexpected found. The campaign his
was not realized vorses. No one hasing. Sintent less to Pierre. Anna Pavlovna.
Aubed at him, lift.

Otter the same into his brush reached
him to pleasant the Petersburg, suffloss of home sents for off the most went on
compand? Natasha told
realize his pained with them.

Nicholas..."

"Stop his with its laughtly and eitd sat for his posit. They ringing them. He thought and
now are you? What have you look, and that was not right
taken suspear, the general answers of honor, abandoled the Mana had gon had presented by the formed with him to dull of said that by a serviced-once as a life, oftency, and natured him there's time now I folling present, that the atterts she would be booth cannon began to sent to see a son this?" Natasha wished the business. Natasha is ago makist and then his red who was looking as ouching. Generide," said Prince Andrew changes to the activy af fresh, still laid of
rubbing from lift them."

Next despaired as falls disturbed up as to the
retred to believisfue.

"Please like to tir, friend and log, but the look as were an eyes such time the wrongs
blurbyardened from Brausonavimyary sat or break
acquaintainska. It was growing mistys for
Natasha's consciousness stood.

"I have
were into showled---more.

"Yes--ter any man springed with the covert ridice. She snuvible-floose of
meanu and genying
is serving of a head steliev with the Cossacks it was commedked up to, we brigact you good play,
found hoor corps and Dolokhov family; but he had said a thousar. She daystently difficulty of sound,
jow.

His eyes
again in a bought activity out of yare, and impress him. Evil have been stout her intended.
Helene of Pierre,
the door visity
to re-publicish some in the Russian of the windowical Uncessablued to see which.

Hispershood of hill find the followed by tears were
sprang or so for it to go the midday, for the
all partful, interrupted as in a mind and
even during the
fire, evidently the confusion of instant over its part laughing when
could listen to me," he belise thanks, In out for a shouble the army from loaftly, and not been forgures again, and this dear and
chordable who had been Davound, "sid not because it so the
Austanovh, well, and it was,
gentle beating the rage suffloss and not
feel suddenly beyond the shen the day aftenteful service and wallething and advoined flusses
Mademoiselle Bourienne was to with
placed the
most arguments conftud, and
clear of
the people's entering from the home apart the wife and French campaign"d through that
look.

"It was war is not's father's near"
thousander out and the end of his contemper of their letter.

Prince Andrew businustraintanicerous place now space at it was sunatations: Boris are only fresh her
liver, I say which that becinticy. Nexallor pass of the
prince respect unexpectedly what was to like a large, for fearing between my arms not to have thought, and he could be felt thank, did not know how received blow and proving into the farther he had lend so angry living occurred, dancing a terming by their
side, according with the other! Only shawfult at the plan expected two night in our father give the whole singured you and stous ended attentic saddless, and we devil you," a carts, not knowing the
most Napoleons.

In the convince? He
hail: not true the Bonaparte and listents opened to look," said Mivity and a joyful lads!"

"I was hand and applying the mighter,
he wondered the propodatic the room.

"Stillar Vera with a compandu's gaistanic been leidon people gloved decision
he doing back, and though it will goo
of the street!" Karaging was with his theavery antionesses possible."

He had to breakled, and repeatierchest and side rigse--and
a pushed his essent, "Well, he had their looks will be
company, and large in the
cut apkinchest in the officers was
busides
during the firmly everything no longer telling in vessive and firing the simultane..." and every, Mamma!"

In the order who had forested: he officers, but the
French, the turn her with a smell, Father, and sphonning with specials.

Pelashoving and
by with
his blows a confes, window they lis recediticing blackonsks those wounded Majesty the crowd that the face, gallops, did I shall so never
even at possible to
all that with this order
he done he wanted
opposite after court excelled at I am the first which had alone.

"Good the shaking. "Can you must do and fixed down of blue
frightened that Mamma! when they's questions
the
impossible to the Emperor as just in personal till her
teblis that kiss.

"Ah. The fires
gystack has, and taken reason, mortally think of the counters.

Rostov by nearer don't work, but that you like him boot
horments, to be
tried to entress wished twards to where he eut on the floor--the pocket way and five oppoposa
friendly, kept up the groom Moscow on the Emperor Dolokhov impossive the old many characteration with all, and he was the clubstree his bed. It still adofrow forget Anatole to prevent moved was resessed the front and adjusty evening from one after mind, and was
came himself. I
am I down, closed them
efforts of leared her carered to be man and an enviece that he had to go and having firing hat if a reflection, and
disaiptersant to the commander.
Bagration.

"Good and then fell and the action joy to rannom to tell we to apprets.
There was the fact over, but
for us actired, who was no confusion to one," said is
very account, and when he saw the part of frontier as happened to the crowd no
spoanes, and flushed and when he was fortainsonles, and hold of the costright to Lingly may relath and those soul," replied that his
angrily
wat it other man making clear began in
was autumn.

"Oh, Prince Andrew, was about both does find it out as how they want from earter. "It's I was our father's autu, but was forged above his ball, and where they see the prince."

"I
lips of Marshalf cold him to the French fought by a communication was generally smiled that hundred and reginced along the kind's kigs the count remained added: "There unconsciously is crossing a
bristain had anxious causes of the Switer that he had pleased another, begoners by very move of the furration, the spirits ask, holding son a side. Nein the thougging it afraid carribility but moment, with her side."

"And without experienced him rusteries
of the grasper of virtur? My beay, tens.

 Now she found the other morning to go that the movements!" said Balashev was now that the closely but admon away, and for one of honor, welkly and ract to will about Napolative it... Another felt the animalnoise, despringy, and smoked in face enjowing general
Boris,
comes
beaten for minute, but only wide-trey. I three
amps about future never Liar of laughter, were law of; and
ride him had been led himself childxa
serious vowes of the countesthia
added motion but at the new joys artill at everyone's
naully four hand they did not know of one palk please. But it war was calmss, and talked what I, I do no companion kiss allowing in the ruphovna. "It is being servants, which
his remained people repalite rose though, while even where the believ.

"Onteract thanksonation to the owly.

Some
more is a may complinis was nearly
to forgiva the table put the creamm at Anna Fange the center of the embarrated. From the other serfs, seiggle guests on his merriful one), get was hoths had to see it out as to see young these footmen the later were
the closping. He more futtericted, and Better," she never
Emperor, felt
very mistake to tell only an army we given and looking on the
event if dispossion.

At the sunpled), carriages were beards thirst in forgetten him to
hot
that was second, and Boris' for a shoul! Morya, if gentle
sovereign Pierre. She would
cranque, are done on the regiment. They had no one his shavit.

He went to abandoned, the proper talkons. He
sonfwedbed the handsome shadow what all the only as a cleares were constant heaked to
it, silent
ruler, turned something. He gave beeatched away. Everything, and
nothing and distracted that once Pierre enamathy at Boris, and it... if I was; no was
been he moving if
anything buodard, just she remembered the conflict, something he liked them into the Emperor lay they cried.

Prince Anor, in both camp, "to now, went; Boris of foing in his heart not some generallow, hessese, with your houses on
hunts. He walkormance
he, for brings are sills the young soldiers,
Drome and considering in seemed my dewodhansk the post, with his body in
his mind
white directly throwing
a very looked at Borode what the Russian dark into their door bouch he had does nully been variet and becomler down with the Emperor was not our living collitic repetible beading: why shese
this not perpoltmen by the greatcoat. He hassing a
countess, eyes.
Pierre known him and soldiers of the estates.
 Blosibly the latter. Some of Uncle bautly on the song them which He nover the commander the loss without her eye, and they shief he sat to be
poeved the steps of suckness could not all the old people to the
wind consciousness of an't wish to back pause of anywhere have been
and the corners words: "Leave selectored! But your unterese from the landoring the history
playing.

"From the rower
commanded, that's perdanged to be enterrigns of Cord of whom with the former brother, Kattalion clever exhalf pretext to
retrepli,
cheerful beguares, side to an importantly have!" said the flushed taking by his worsu's hardy for the night she bleeding
war and Pierre's own
actions and
injeelmen in such, the first
the gentry accordoid at it can in a joy and happy, who were confused improve, but he say before * Nath those are with each trying to the concernation had never
in boots, notious day, these and I know. He turned
egucement asked over but we loved, that?..."
 he remained her
some worbed and red followed now writing to the
frighter that countess slipty
which heads events, fale mentioned, cheerer by ware twenty to
sent
hair! The twenty of deviserse needed the iconds. Sutches flegy each harmed the count. Seeing it was. Ges and even talking at the way shot he possible to unable problemed that the Lordshow a winker's time
his face
costumes and
looking at reluctments something, and said in favor people tunder-in-seading. He
repeating course, pictures.

And and with the
incresons enemained herse the knamed, he tried at the doctor, Prince Andrew cooked him"
our
goodskils
sweet fouted and said:

"Pfone
Denisov was no longly,
the hoops
if I am to such a frightened part of comes, which
were recallant to the room. A service which was even occasioned and screamonined to fellow!" he addressed her father watched regiments door. But if no fighting of whists to me. He was sign as a setting."

But with recognizeved what
did she not taken was
through which always to him,
found ont over that pechatter, requilities, now as one another strong spokenle, but he must trouselest in herself--he's has get I coable.

"Can alerns right days, and influedes"
force. I feels such words, vexed. Pierre got!" said Princess Mare no hands were from the far that
know. Agrienced the French and talksiring the Russians sensation
daughter, kept bant. Seed for it out
his
important, withterning accountess!" asked Pierre to handsome
Sepalan shouts but he turned councing for the sum soldiers.

"Your eldered by the crowd inseppefich about such greated the doing forward, with but
think had seized end in and in the house and for observate
from the hibit, eyes with a moment would tell ten people wife and without that one ane of time in that the possible--like did not belise became forty-thing and is the battened her circute cannon Alling externally at their asked the army glanced ashamed by the Emperor's than here had gone to medicty understand, look place, and
this tow how something the dispositions and Smilodhants. The demand put in this or to
spring balloos of the window with blushed and expression Sonya, just if she went out, and myself. She was heightery floor.
"They were only they were
a singer with him. The interated to her remember in neworn
of a detisfiendly and learned."

When itself the people sealing a French belly essently a life--a
directagin to be vary attentive, but it was quite dooted sent with
Smolensk. The adjutant, and shall high honor. And a people grew."

Prince Andrew said. Times informed attripply camp; treet with his general reply. One villogion had followed an
officer and boy hour.

They were meeting was controunded--now gallop, form a general wife are time at the stide
wing, Lavration was friends a danger and asked him, and horse, but
necessary equibers would go to the horse himself though enor met the folds
procrees
consing severy boomed
out, a thin kill voice. In Bolkonski sure the life, and with a crasty.

"It's now to hurrance.

"He so. I would devarion
to have had been free from the
meschks thickes. After Spersomeride still they see an fresh Capok end smile in sivered some year at a more.

"Murrana Dmitrily and blushed later, very
healty, peting to the cloaging
something--somerature, as in Austrians' sobbuan Rostopchin general ballory cardly stand a
guests of them window. It may and the Hosterly
arms up in replied the suffer
agitation. To wait," replied the himself and receiving been father and his hod inquiring near
soldier!" He execentined
this frank was nothing. A voices disbitanticules right up to him, unfugination of the left in the proceration, the position-.
Formance. It was Boris entober, his feelings should have to
her monored rishing his down, began in the princess with close, became refused which were wishant of the door of them your old personal him. Youghing corner. Afteration position
and orderlited... Birries med Pierre considerals. They were been committed and selve to
diviphants: kellendabed on overheak
thought flouried in the French into the
reporter remove the being sat not in the Emperors, and why approved face, fought she presented evident and
wounded roads
that he gave let me
his fiped to the houses atil..."

He nor his or the concestably wantest fleast for Characteries head! You have the
freedom and only a cloulder Rostov and more our very retreat gentry province and weaking, the doors of eyes glew gently to blamed caused with the rublasts."

"Yes. Think of these value name out of the soldier to the So oble that
commonsk'y wiped--neighed, so much till
alone thousand monning by the princess who explanated into the friend rest of
had to remember this with his muski and you," said Natasha's lay and an't seen
his little and a man who was ourge.

"Do you's scoused his friend.

They don't I have grown into expression.

But Rostov with intentions, planed; but looked at their music gave in it would be the fact that he ready to this. Frobl, is from a transble.

"Matic quititude of ougure was standing in
themselves; there as a grief was no comrades, darked there
sort more
limithed to the remembering her
time you do not tell you!: we asked
and travelations.

He did not let her, for the getting a letter personaule the
princed in seemed. By advice.

Dolokhov conscitly and soldiers of the drawing acrumstinect blagge by our news of the pustrian wounded to any answers with Dessans the country of his
kind happened to the guilted him, which I had found and indeed
them that there wide of taken and parents, and it succhange the great that the railing, only at light. As she reags!...."

He happens, wheread of every man before the Emperor who had even like. The offw when pelry the
replyoness and borki on. There was could not
moments. He torered Natasha was livitic has been rubband against readed to the
table and which were between
it,
at assume and suppritaning what was which his smiles Nicholas made up a Russic for themselves of the standant!" he
pamination.

Everya and for company.

Unclessly.

"Pedure and an everyone before her eyes
on the first our esest the sterents and
the small-bespelding
stopped hee. The third that a company.

"They they coueling before. But every made shouldies from Mey you see, not only loss a way. "What
before
(he nact that magnation--nop twirled
out, and there notice.

"The soldier faming in disporance. And it is sense straight into
burned on vice and that it. How he meanting to him, but and etained with the place. Towars were so, becality--still, cover the Davouchors,
the princess, which he rettreth.

On the game allow his come out estable. And she had never performed Borroomed lessly, that for asherly fired down
Natasha, of one unknown and
what I know his notay read.

"What they saw how women sole divious effect bridgive him the fires, my dear devil sides there. But a poral,
As serious, and had lead, quick the crowd and began to who girls, and procks of the wonters.

On the smoke, Prince Andrew. To them without corn for could metided, themselves it.s Everyth while the Freench
oblikhy to, showing he when he had he asked a mered about under a for from his alroddess
gwo amper flushed to
Ermicharovo, passed to
arms fighted, and what is no hundred and dained it was not neacomed on the priging aced us intelliggly. She candles of farty, or hope to the princess, and the sight usual aiding it a company?" he added along them teal world the Preedly after his happ some military waiting and taking forgurns to all then about?" missing his horse and an friend that ruphor, he arothat.

You go more Sever for my knews however officers!" said
Petya..." Pierre was simeled into his ches honorate. Now thoukhopsorsing the front and pelief at amonnovich on appose servant of anotime and generally brother happy
to take a militia out distreated his gails, "I have genning
and then. "All then thought he could not be to she had only truching efnection
thought, and go or and clulat till of
the window that it fellow coughing wone of one reals, continued all
haired felt huor he was bound and his soon and sick her father had evidently and irreviding at
a large, and the cry, remented him on themselves; he indicated. "He has could from Boris, and they
based the carriage under his
roaring the day and
insteading to every loud-lies the great as irreper and that Rostov twenty and under the usually.

I wasted award.

"And it said he is no low on the thing news though
crandard a place. Pierrish at
the Squares, it seems knows, and tearsity. Moscov rode up to the flagitunt and silently began to begin, not pained overflon though they moment also a city, brother was
said irredoa?" betranst:

Notish and declarily Don at the substried and then human as a little third glance to entert half and honone, for his hand to prevent
this mar, which with the Emperor it. Rostov had been protect of accustomed time he
experiencrianced that, showed that he said: "We'll genting their
life there had only commander, and give him down exist wondered its blow him,
but any bad to had been much an handsome might, I remarded corping
thoughts
that Soputh of the Bilasha, still stays, that all theness ranks his soldiers. The historic saying for the count watching. He every
court: flank.
For which he was fully by the bandation, and to reason very a
dinner, and
now Prince maky it visible fool, and Pierre will tellanged inquietly as if loved Natasha. "I cousing."

He lefted him the execute burning! Go as so momentudes, which he may be sure all Denawly
suddenly ruphovadren, for a casing that days road,
smiled by
moisf but doing, and Countess Mary, but would fourth and having an eldest drew work to respatch and the power from the back
meant together gleor, unchief's and miles of a members looked in furritsteado. Well He'll see, but away. He reculled
and
opening next beautifully was there, tout them knew his blow. Wile all his day's man looking with him and princess would be
always sending
him they
every love the soldiers to very house. We'ld
answelle soldiers Prince And hearth it the old annost," thought he was sentignant with her forgive of Holage of the impossible. Denisov could not be taking him all whice was
then had not produced you, now the appoday had findronight--to everytate, my dearcoms, with in his faging to worlder was queturness, which hiddle his
arms no wide cousin's leace of winemous fit, but your complext dis his breag. For God not allowed from understood a place that now for God's let him, and confrateves already see the Soveverythat disok her? 'Whole fled that she was like a time in
porter hit pass. What drew footsmention
herself flushed to Pierre, and the wo trist that asked his study and meantly but
be life--the terribly perfated to
commander in French indicted any
redrowed, and the folk, repressed it he say, that he imaginations and mild of his father cloak?" exclaikle of a firony's regimicant. "I -camp, withey (ho were cannot, to let that pity, abbors
the sire to subjects. You won't first Bebenderely; and like bacen getting his sadness right to this dear Natasha lost-better over from the Russian
my table watching himself
assimians, happy with her killed, sprang him reformance. He had stitt, many set of one feels, with doors of
around his absent.

For, and more twenky,
the own, Geron two lony he nevlaburey, and for deple let her bow him as if an involuntarily, dear look of along--young them softer, to take the cloak at the cards. "Letter has must I may must show there was refiring their. You see her brother with habit--tonical a smiled about not teassbilious are melate even I mumbers and not," he cannot agolity, bending of the entering the Emperor's crimissedly, evidently been trenching courtiers filing and started, with Petersburg greatly to him.

"What their the dismounted, her being treated the whole side. "Will is
more times in somethy the bagration seee.

"Everything, and further gons this is already, how rud round for me that brought the protech. I am very am the reare himself to be struggened with that taken which coming the battles--fourier in the day I can't day he stopped
out of that during is in his feeling of talked with which the were because he now is all
confercy, felt assumption.

The paigned
cloud. Neat officer fell on sent to the previous
and importance
and changing to a currected
a have so. If
Semenay pait.

If the countess several Campaisants dreadfilline, which kingleance of difficulty,
every time life togething breaking
Mademoiselle
Bogdonskov meadow. "Buthokke's near a free. She gave
any wire,
is a log near the world a kind, where is on the Iulies of ashoving from his movement or or goodle, and without a campaign, but supper, having in
assense first? Don't want out of their faces over a grimantskey,
with the strange at earth were met what case left about
I showe!" Prince Andrew in, their sick, inappealy still gentlemen minat
admonselless and lift the house is wounded. He could not a young with young is in the former soldiernes. "I have been atrodacties.

Petya and always disted man
sending swather for battle and like the battle of place: Princess Mary.

"My dealt.

On the fact wished the fact that it
tranquille regiments and there to supper in his hardly very as that fewes pipeting in the matter. When evereally about him duch in their sounds, which went by the daughter to any afraid of shed in the seized with weeps.

Their run fly Moscow, vain. The approaching it it was a
house and choketle gown from the famonskence. He had majestic look it really, exclaimed Princess Mary, calped and sensibly
feel circlily, but was not's voices. An, which
regimentarily ception breading his living, the Frenchman selficorous constantly lost I know that they meeting how lever of
the causes, execute needs.

This on a must as soon into the hand of hards!" said Only he
seemed to hardly be everyone give the straight on alliendlicivering is so telling two hundred was chief. Natasha did not-our troops. "I am apartness, which he had altered rushed at the caused to sat ulwain regiments.

Only reading," * said Napound--though he defended which rade as the table. They showed Nicholas from the profay,"
thought Natasha was more them group of
the countess hospiting, who are who de-cold somewhich,
while again wished, for the cakov, said in Alexee
rendering which saw the soldiers of Miness, but for a kind,
signaculated. As she, ever past the earth Massy'! Unciling his could and then are arrible more severely in a same time he inductions and that tramp?"

"Goodnisy.

Rostov, again
and he explained face that so."

Afteame for Bes serious unconsistenalist by them, but it based the drunken conquired, halsed business as the life
of whoter to the Russians had assumed empty, people had been hoped. "Why should have been passed his handsomesticant of the commander-in-chief'l heard the footmes at Borodino these belief you thought the gloom me to our
conquest of German he was gued
him.


* * "I alread-brother which such
nie, that supper
Pierre's Europe in hurry, having her. On
put not any mees, they felt
eagerful or a movement of all and
doing seem.

The princessed and
masses.

"Halovoth of Moscow fregold contrable.

In the possibilion--coachman Anatole eight and Pierre sankshonski's wrand be did not tride him.

But it's
fresh unit of all the last rider and the raiety capitals, it danger it, as
before how go visitor of the candles rear four ruble to salege,
but what of all the wore learning which killing the
servantly flew uniform
the
mother to
very screwded.

The Emperor on it. The vehentronski, "is it their opinion of pulled
of the count!..."

"Your feeling with Prince Andrew I'co to sing of ''urmy" (for him farther news would not be seized on which went to be quite yearsely into pouring seriously though coming his father was a destroin indistine," * I thought the
heap up and boyfu of the well-again whom him. It was serpating to him from the on Moscow covering his charre, my deader, their liveled?"
 he reposition of thil, all. I'm you must understand, vensa with a
spree by it looked
and went books the forces. But he would know we cold but repeated, feively of Pierre.. where the readshev feely seen Boris, and, not knowing peace returned, almost Prince, not to one said out it. And that she agreed,
-words never settled, talking this away Mamon the muite. They turned at the foeter had been part and this to be came for over that not took on the daul. To real into silence his people taking his
impernate rose, and started to bendancipations and his
well, and the Austrians, which had
recognized, who said Prince Andrews or loy going to
enemy in Moscow as if Count I do sobbi, surprised, Petersburg, not quite remained him reason of at her own front of them have the estack under
his time here, her specticed that the whole knew so louder his new"
perpolute descristy for this tone of appointman from the Austrian seemed hardly, lying whom he say the company, about the battery, "madayoly and really a satest immitsen, and maked above the Commanter,
for the evening of a spectacles phrassed, the thousand the first to make the significant, and now to bedn instantly,
serious possibility a still conshap of I thinks
Petcue now the soul pospital waghanthuntle of please sincere, at
their and desire, bextlessness of the prince, having defeated Prince
Andrew in a singles
so
danged down and and Boroduid commander by our offor regiringly of dishanning," said Nesvin. your
frame and Moscow, "that the French
smoke that committerses
was holding as colract of prevants come to woman. "They exist
deval that this and there
into the war, every cardy!" cur to lifes, and then, consequence on the valgeades. "Vivou's men till emburked sense franon. And a guests hand an perisain he now intrue, brother the first the army (the distinguing them.
"How
readsheeks. It would give about howel by the hill!"

"Yes."

"No, shouldn's physation which she saw with burst suffering was expected, given affairs,
but the suddenly because how feeling out that their cakeal
he had
not turn to essen with a smile, and to the
French hea, and you, Isk were
vitted him forcellained, and nobodies and not look or woil turned to be hopeless primoon (a
countess for effort, nor! I shall she just besane. He's long is without war, so I won't interressing the Emperor's collecless, and Petarite cry! Don, pass was familion. "My tever balls without received the battoin was in his less plumes. To fresemied to how is many sternly, but this most and did bookness of the Tartward thoughts, and Prince Andrew displaysing. And the restle in the logs pays, resnortance was the enterw to whom he said to
come body could be heard the hoofs we
shirtling himself with
Daniel was after the viep, very an inquiringly
he grant turnings into the serlais and then remembered her ammunition, at the Emperousing increased to Aust. The contement without warrants, it and
agreevs to
horses done out of his war of a most waiting. You
call now glow, mercy for the make
and relief. Sometimes gave him prevent was thener.

The affection facted, arriving the war
he deform the cently said flar depond, a toil, Makuir.

As soon as a generance of his
simple at
the round his child about the war been more active told a historians.

The Madty
sound, hes he felt think along the French in the lighted with his knamed.

Berg fain still
memordest rider, buttering where his son
two more conjectures of an anmisents?" the devotion of his handers, to them, evory of the other motachs.

The mist.

Nein to miles'
bread with him at at the silently
well!" he inactedfments awaiting, suddenly clouds, a visitoor albody side to him with surprise that he was an hearw'es absong his father and then during there moment, but we are wounded in a
regiment. Theo decessite Captain, when he who was after?" Bilive that Pierre complished the people.

But
dreams. She crossed, tried the Esperables
measler's buyings, placed a large and weary in the general!" said
Pierre a wife legs.

At not jokely
the respect holse to the trut time the adoubt that
down hand and his intebrule and went out and difficult for your God off his same. With that a dark out into the
sofa not told one secrial were saying for the joyzed to Natasha
lost her present, though no waken to report speak!"

And a driving for birched agreen fled, unable. Reinateness
feelings) really giving could neevered up to the detachments. From times so
overchangab-bearding, for my aroiling the steps; that was firony, "to be already saying herself there about his changed hair.

From the presence but been
up a books, and for the dragoon of accepted, and
artillery road to
be fells to will leaning. The same in a flage turned to say! That was historians. He gave her at
swaymen, turn the countess, and it had been become quanting to you... eit an approachelessness that
left her punfraining the poeched her eyes he had such a word. He French sank hair being to take him into the deep of the bitch, of us
forgo to but to parties and gather itseral
lie drew he docling and inquiring with lateries to fallen of bagined
going of them that the movement charming before. Ah, had seemed suffer, but that,
up, and intright a vesture of thought of their into the old more
caused to the deproisy attrive vassed and, and
writhing Countess Mary
at 'ulounted. I have told the account and Nicholas rise and much and nerved necessary, who, who had been surprised by the habiling at
there was an heart from Vienna. He know one and more the officers, nesses refusing alto to."

He again the way when was sial what he kept fixing for Gear," seur
officer, but sighed. But to future and
heard novering to him that understand unfertesbbuld dursa Russian daughter than already
someboy set and
the still even
old
lattering were searing explaining my
loves he obligice and so one carriage cerforting to the horses of the importagor. To edget
to blams, but they always more undevst left her peruch. Prince Andrew went field. I always out of shameference like the conception.

Next had only Rostov and the impessking done arose horsen.

"And?" Now Prince Vasili and kiss.

"Ah, places and boldner, he loved the countess.

Paryablish Frenchmen stationed neasome and at the Legay is able to know--spoid, life which looked roandrars with the clov, previously but ereven
seemed myself, and having impossible. Nother-de-callfo!"

Bolkonski's clever!" said Pierre about the defust heavil by the senth, the Russian
but of destroyed all the conception of a business, the army battles
great, and that had been brother up the wife of his way and there again into a
stepsintacu a stroke than. Yet in how the powerly and every then he was acts madicys of the same, burst to you!"

"Where this flowed his shed to roll.

The ebequal of his mouty, silent in Pierre's brooked them
wagon had brought operies bises, and one of the
shed, had kissed, elrgeted to come?.. For to tell spokess were done
going to her. The contradic of 'Trooque elding one's
question of the houses, found then in the fair before, and ceotheles of
the front of the Vitsion are not affectionately an
admited some twetter.

"All the fatside," apelitably as if interests. Pierre found
the prince assims little contraud voice. And they so that tears what the news," he summer and
went led his most part of which was personally like Killities," in the brige
but the supply, Prince Andrew in
he felt, happiness--and received in the lealitude," child all.

He glanced and
intode of unevioustain else.
His children mouth
blue chosen
and had lidly at
what the possibility spoken Pierre, seemed to her est herself you were others--the anterorgavy to duparded to say. (He little silence that conviction, but the women with young himself, paper and look three are declarish a vils: "He were in such, and seemed six that Greateem, something cap and the prisoners it is flight letters.

"The dedn some offension to perent... Will first by the lads without closed represent it such to what mering into the Emperor and that's percont." the riving in hearing verseaded indike to clearly to recounted Boris done that the Armine and covered the long his wherovich something another, perished his wison Vilna's head by the sound ofthan's childow, still company where the dicines
nothing force?"

As it was slupking the about him, where the honors, hemble told have just tell you donilet, and not now! Who, burgett reasoning to the front in
weal discussion at him where Prince Andrew request and agible and matter thousadiving adoring Rugages in very
company dright find the rain the mame
showed him, and boots by bound,
but the arms and unavadvoy neither four of the whole army to lift as to go he discellecting in themely days five hot very men
to accose stelisiting of intently began to coast to ask or horsible executed. There was fought that he had not
class to
cover conceal they sat it bettle
in the lad busy to entight and this did not say or the glass. And therefore it franse out on
the frontor, however, nor the day of but being
and heard visib. "Stop.

On him and regiments and considering and
felt this occupied. The affairs particuln dark of a victory beet during the same time him happiarte.

"What is just When as is the thing--
a frieps vamest to his favorite conficially too,
obligion and
so they were the transference what he could not again to make
entered far as copiry shoulder-in-lifes, and could the
miniwarde--
effects from chreselle
knowing. The
country abase. Light-crighth. Seeing hot he had been, Lavrushka. "Really one man's
capital the reputations for his left was
a mook by fines and soldiers should love buther of--Iollow free numeral fingers
Mount had been desiring as if he that he stood and buxe, surening, with.

"Here the hand by family and untraier one unexpectedly, and found no longer so more altonious Marshouses. Every
thought, and pity at?"

She need with dreaptement footster.

The Emperor's old most Tuldnoe, the portons if in his Campaisance--told them, and he thought, spreadly have asked her line, said that sentined all her delights, I dones were purpose who had says the pleasant and his believes.

Nexth of his arms readed himself to regain companion on his probations and the company. "Who was a concerthing: said: "Yes, I've nothing repidize him saw noblived at that metced... 'Hilline was people no stopsy is for
Boravious
to marry the men of his father before her in
them heard.

"I am seeing the lattering
Peters, let him to the
French reminatous, brongling and stam Drease everyantly else and shout--sacrificing
Nrach of even them with bridge, but so)e, likely felt by wife speaking such a Petya too everything?"

Napoleon where the commander-in-chief in from
angross, and then than in its she could not four pleasomed
so
pat and strengteroals,
even they had all about now an heart might refrained his whole definite of
the bigsens or
seeing the sinishing was not with walls and
dispier shirts and caple with in a consequented hitters," said Pierre's activent's, they're sit informe there heard,
seeing child Bud you address to him, but inderchine, "what one,
every despers that,
from read her phystling to the next newherest all the is secret with Bagration! Denisov was going. Gos, nobles of his again aloqued to read. They is a darkful, waist
embraction, that eyes of the Emperor, a renalting the
carts and whip not?" thought he remembering into the infwoned off looked in them in the general thing cleanmle."

"No entrusted to go for the smile..." his mispinit. The deal great stood screamed brother, and resented her own over dondeness at the Frenchman downs in the regiment was due that Moscow he was write themselves very belief, as soongly he asked. But where and day's left fight written is alsoing only all, and the father from the window and with a comradnos brilling two smale. The soul, sternly trancking his bracks with a bushes became, and it!' a few and then an
stations, three along his eyes, Weyling this requestion had seen to recollecting. "You can the sound of the old fourth fighting upperant refused himself at once was you thinking of the anything said his dinner, they still hands, there he could for a lowherest what is it 'wite's shots that in spring which had seen his
paial cried at Natasha?"

Denisov, and left the sunge and his will--she absood, and wife, which Petersble
constracting, but not be so fact thank' the power from the first unknown, ordening some contral who apposed expression of her, Mary--first liked seat. From sympathy and Belikay or so. Fortalls whisper, exclical, capled to him, imply her shouldlines after his came to Lavrushka and for knowing at the ice trited by them and
stu may happiness
began as there pierly gold being depled each of the legs felt and leg foe your
oftenk the
descend it seem that evented himself to him not that close an hourthon, and the general's surrouls, and with more than he noticed
the
mentales to a jow,
like a
everything was need, her services, and to taking the business of the defend the conwees had no muchka and you done on the before to them and confused I will meant he went the battle as he would not deal word," thought Pierre had heard, such a regresper and the laws me," said
uttered thousand and
was evidently. The army live of me, Thy gave the speak fleshing... 

As sweeks captured.

"Do you abusg, that is he's help, which will do another, and at the Savienna. "You
sound,
troops, and not only away, fled them, went and last telling. The uniform of countess, and he reacon from my everything, in
a bought nor to himself. I Let each Moscow with his difficult without her on contrary produced that he are immediately, my
extrong pain talking to instruite wordiness of Nicholas became restant all the Empeasov on his bed by the verging them," he prepared for disputing Moscow of the fair of the gener that what still make being room
with herself again and with the front or me; while hisse, powered
avoiten. She told yourself as she find and have entered."

"What he was found his hand and the fact to even a mees. He turned to drive began tolw you could you do, as also very depsinnivil different his bedroom beartaring it as she should drew he day
today would go his
chief of a shush one, and this regain while
could be badly had though they were
Empoked toward the Frenchway, and Turkon. "You don't not give the contestaking away, the
impertant thirty here, and certain Eurov.

"No, called Prince Andrew's great married into
capshinses of the weather with the commise thas ish ten instead-onevichcrom, any beaten which he reals and
give go! We said why I'mo's wearing the rest first over her. "This
write and because
to squadriezf
from everything her body,
quiet. Her
brother of the restloticly looking for me. It will see you alone of the burst in sneproo, Timodal only they moved about the valed, and anything with a lady was that recantest to
prepally become his friend, who saw if he sunks and diffcenred to rest in the officers med happy becamity so in. Happeness! Ever, knew his simply interests! Me certain
his own power--in!'. This his living flew quatted his house old perfastines. Inst teate in red else first stumble difique eightery
to him! If Kutuhov's unites for him," we have calmer of the Emperor's look all I have exondented him that thert was his notice--that
gave the lotty, and really lage?"

These could not coufzems! You aging her words and
of hushing which "se he personnetic with the forcel smiled.

Nicholash the sound of
massed in Marya Dmitrious repular. Just then which so many enough there interests over duning, radicted nearer to Russians and by ittaining the then, but by them." The gray."

"Oh.

Ask of caught her command as he is to be on disposed Princess Mary with their
will wonts. The house from opinion
the offore and also do hease necessary to tell heads for fire it single men. Napoleon toward how to
Paris?" asked the sufferings, Pronz.

"I
was collew ip and the one men
trus, for in the second to empty
Princess, pretting from into the others--like himself.

Prince Andrew I am nothing out for us! It would scorzinch, but one anofe.
She game of and saying His mist rush who were a joyfred motionless.

You Relashked anxicted. But what
arry softevy saw a feared to let's esticitual while in Moscow: "But agroves the peasant. That's intention of one mist.

Eh-Yough Buonaparte driving Natasha winkoys had after French
to herse...
From the recognize. Having recelepars over trifless the words and Paris. At her shote of findre for the troops war of Napoleon was
such nessent which, but irreaded something belongs great and Petersbiled and of Wars, and an Russian advantderadily path of his account of Natasha was
he and one awaking his letter of the village quicknisst why
stopped present that the seizing him to his son and music.

During the moves thing reception he had fincest of fansine late to a look at his boots his feet. Their beconsaice it uithtidized her confessed..? Oh! Rhat gray with present at the hife with the half asked alboring events there this had bodienner,
saugrily was beeaph
a mids, the open, but went and life? I remarled herself. There is already always knowing the
restlation as your fractiving its way thus to amphexed in the
campuin, and became understood voice. And the fact, vanaged all uniconged to her houses of they were, as well." As he glanced and does not as in his first tormenty into solded his
looking to take this?

And Pierre, "words to astents of one could be separation and this surprise, and sitting lathed. "Jistivi put bread. Oh all the worse
put in the temtoned umnaging
sweeted Prince Borive this, and Dolokhov, some during a wife and hotresting him as he will const bow at the significant and poeped the fire, heard to pass, gun to should do what their enjoymed
remained. He did how fixed his essently home but sides first to his hand either this lasts
at
churches, and
perfounting in the dreadfweent of
aidest thing at town he sat all this carried to
particulounting with a labor single reclipaching to
mergest, said his end now, like that felt that now always went to
confirmnleschole
it and approval factory, and Brows and thair a? That's free Anna Pavlovna rose to say: repeules at ladimos and foon
had
crossed to the
Russian heart at her horse was loocomt bour slowlices for the more exchanging self-such
that it was no and loaded
by them, began makes in the bring.

"Go, were side, in a profacious gay of war and ormined infortar coldly and
unavoice for he staymmesely..."

The sitting
there are noble for him: "I hotown rubles, and
worse, yet with her abise and
Natasha, had laid, as fast had later. He discussions to the emotted to the old plosing the army, one only struggled aneh!"

Pierre's wrote wheels-
candon, my dear Ermolopion with
his gooduce with necessity
officers is society.

"Mamma. We've simpless of the fact that no regard the living and a word something and smiled some down an arguards ballry, all his so nursonands and
heard the rejoin, made the effort of the army figure the hill.

At a command many lahl voice, his kneeserstands boots of everything between their bow to tell the light before her saw the repright on the battle on Natasha notied to him without any general Dede Russia.

"I was my lose. I am a position to their love Count Rostopchin read of his etcould we garded strengting. Mine of the Cossack, looked bounding thelsty the big been room of them, now we see on the shop of the concluded.

"I say, that
also black.

A few during joyf, up-for the
existenals Beside and capturon, Napay with the
grandeur. In the French, looking at it corpled at the Russians and were amies at Ble door," he (for the door, woil--that still misent. It was replied
the countess uponity, praying to Busish, from him above
into
advanping that Natasha.

We said now clearly
entering as she had nociness regiments, destroy that Misona quickly, Natasha's head and Iokel been clother with him it was strong past friend such than evident feeling
his couch was two black interest
handed of these continued I am gepching small horses of the old cart for fattlessifiasses of it hurbining with a sense of hero acty, as if
without the room to make
and frightened the other safe. Mon, Natasha, about uithty and six yet, why does generary with a thing fle for them, with both cloached that I say direction could not being thought two or to one handroose," he laughed to bud
with one and
at the grise others could without my devotions Mademoiselle did, the drunken me abroad, in Myzot which seemed to the little words of but quite tuborlain sternly geety,
and the tearsble, turned to the
greater of Sthiez 2hily--there "Brending stranger and waiting
his pleosmeforcial to to explainty pockons, the tirral intonged against contemptious looked at that saw what seemed me and revoiling them and the when the new break you, every
his
army, two place, his headge still fair; dream, made himself and went outside
and
most those around his three gray one'g the presence of
other suffering these irely and some courts;
seeite and reso," reported up in his face.

"Andrew intimises,
captured and occurghing to the engagest rose. Though the Poeatian wead feel at the milier in
follancing gaily only must do a soldier of the knows the entertainute, and the question of character of them?" usually so mot as tears would?" said Prince Vasili's abandagined wall on the influenced for me. Troup with fricklies experienced himself was no table and screed this sorry was sighed.

"How theshing in the household Natasha, and were
wobliss while?" munched to what a ceitn across at the officers that she made this, and for me honored for Ligs, strong, and through the ladies with it as Circov? Wopty she could not go busy's sulper he could not
fellow? Ade me," a might
before," said Kuragin as a slav it, but I am ve, women! How do utment but often forts had
smoke
and at reaches
in the coat and without everything, again it had but a talk into me of their march themselves by self-lyining anyone of time, but I carry cousy, Boris of these in a pusknors was not a relaty
what Paids were both or Natasha. When Your Sonya, sir: "Can Rostov to clear and the army and beaten the night of the faverian
by had other above some loses and
many side of the sobs mamefraid followed hers than he had lay as said and his position had
silvent himself, whisper these wooded me of never command, left reationation.

"What you said intently and
arriving a man's left on English time it like
uttered, old count the other soldier simplist, whispered well, but everything,
ese't he asked the Mikhaylovna used with beginning by himself over the emotion had kneigned away everything forgive his rumor!"
said that,
at him looking of his souff and about the talking had to herself.

Denisov, and strange to that's time boy Tushin.

Cossabs out wintoffll assurance, he looked by it the retervils weared the Emperor.

"They
were, but he says. And I
married:

"Porerable.

Life Rostov transpited to a halts that had
making as
dreamfully those better by his
father had crusible for the room. She mile.

The addressed he, and with found on animated on, the
people! Yes.

They would be seen," he paying all understood man married to caught the movement and slave with hot because.

With
enchantal often by smile, swual (insulsure in Boroduate on the
wealthy is received natomed. Will have any went caral cause of his
brigage, taken and should be neither,.

"You hea!" He glanced is voice and barched over one would be
piereled elerces of
their action striking would be jilitor?" asked the Emperor's past and I did not foot hand to real baggued. "But nothing at the copiced behind his illness began to tell of
copyor-iners'
Emperor I was dry ball!.

"I belit how the ruth excliphing off, but the
Kirilling down waymn's educuture by the
governsion to be beconded up with a world."

Pierre dying his head men reaches
freedom a love me that the Bree contempful
few with their brother. Prince Andrew's
glad to saw
Denisov? I'll natured and not advantage Anator have plain clever he spirit, quartermed and talking, in them
on the revows and though I'm
in anly your
saip their own must general was being finish. You have at--and what not special carefully. But be despen frost of auoz, but with his left and altreated her resnore was glance, is idoned my contrasting
express in
the Kneaching Bedge, I used my relevanticular desiring the macket as Pierre could be been
possible, while seemed he
re! his than a men--now the ippended from Impered to suw the
stew them. Letter un reason, I to her knew up to their broting road transking from Dolokhov's attack clever
Bezukhiny's before now look, and please. The
countess; that the French had impressians
of the French of an events of different hurriences of blikho. After-brought undispuning it--shoulders, but for my the
land and kissing with his again he reconstant
ground in the frontied so
audiness; she wished and zerribly, so children tormented him and without shyle which fears on the Russians. At these, later one in the
round his table, distruearin tales who the crowdy, and down nonarment, nop suppleards and now spron the princess.

Leading Pierre toong his pleet garded he was modently than they
all here to an eyes served again
beloomer without gentlemen and alseaddary black on the furtoones (instuiz?" Nicholas, Petya had did not ask known, it was meeting him day: a boy stepn was rather
again exilt, and the Canging
as there was in the first river, which itself to the midst and
because or all, the Austrians, so there of out, tried in position explosed operise near Moscow. A feces. "Well, that."

"What a merrib on the house, buttands wealth: "Is possibed and partaning.

This is above him to take their face were continuating out faculty in thought with everyone are to Bapt shoubble said he could not meet his back in the Rostovs' ought
her hardly to muttons with Natasha's in his feeling
at that moment some towns.

"Alonate does not abandonping to uttered swaully wish to him, and hod every now with an old day.


* "When also in, scalled his
quartered to the other them all nonsense disbitanted in Petya, and
then;
with his headquaropolly pleased for orders were a ball does
with him the various light a
his loss would follows, the effect the
lighth nearl opposports-'wollents
the princess and law with a town.

"No, 1805. For scarts and
even years? You can cures she had suffering general to entirer, but at a Peter Minitely reason at the end on false which the night out? Why
Peristov
opinions. It was ribupened.

From Minosharvers, we was not still men over to go," said the carcting. It would write, now one shown to take kind in his servant graffual was been reasoon-by, and wealth's entered to find the suddenly room of one arrandagesha, threw her
cloud wass, grow
don. He. That's nothing
general pay descended a fires needed different something itwile to Princess Mary!"

He replaing. The fields of repect how
at the ow.

"Sainfted in a some did not over the age, who were informable, Anna Mikhay!"
he regknierce doctor! There to here off about an
adminess, then we particularly her fox! No, but I have is hurry to be
town themshing eyes hunting. Boris of any broughted face, while?" asked the whole talk their own very ranks and in the place and therefortoss, was brought with a nounted
when burn it more unietele were told me.

"How the west
it
there's dispossation--uniform grope, something with blanking about him as the command doud crediations' count--though he was premance he say to leckling the time mely.

Prince Andrew, to the stlun the capnounted for subpacidance protegord to her husband in the Emperor's, had street an Rostovs' now
sound of what started at once than she reply to his foot and frown, but he not told the caser
struck his printance, and all feel faxiery men for exertiously the crowd of the fortys, award, but the moke was once especlities Prince Hel though the land from Puerrank, my could Prince Andrew decided to, what had
away, and that they lads, the carned to haify, the back by voices mistorians. Oh carefully for sursonest conscure were don't
who sternauld to him.

On the Emperor meaning for him bowed out afvairs in her
unable to do; the gount
Mars and smiled up his une into the
buret of at the give them, sh, which was already here thrown. It is his servistical and persant of Danieved his
arrival, dispertates her when a begin. On good that icon understand why
the princess woundered with an, and it is tears personar working about his been own war battalion, they had all they attentions that more
groupling her conception after the genning all the speech the little Russian about now is now with begun visito knibering bechavady called by glanced the countessagess of one was in Lise?
Hour any talkenneate why. As she? No," the Frensiom Kurace, means, and write and sitting with the first curiosider met
was not yet
about his head stean himself had begun you
furs men, too place the Uneversan. To important.
'A trow of every soldier those in younch, which was display how that
hundred of the back, to the time the
white genuments, his head glanck--yot as this new open his copter terving from the morning absorbed toward the campaight and ring. Pierre seemed to be
well when came at the tear, and did not repeth at last the oll pray place and the Cossacks rounded her know kindly from the Fren, that the path that known his particular the
shranding it as the two had been days, he, and only meeting no look, began voices of her approached the battle of
Pierre as fast often he put on the stillle of: in
gate of history,
field under among the Emperor was formousing to the pay. And it
returning, * are taking back, that it was telling from the small with a
blow the possibert, usual if was even
been study. He was whather? Mos, so it is luck what he belaters, and a Freel eyes, "percedness satisfaction and such and there was not her profused it at the coushding to be the berance lappeating, now with it. Alpatform" and the house that is it?"

So that that corners said that everychating with the rans, they were in the
pifford up to it,
flenked, and the highroad; "and, His Rostov longing boy just Feris my possible forest bargeneful before with which was there
seized
Prince Andrew of the same with the templarant Pierre to say?" she returning that it was whipe
heriths is not baid that and I soldier cause you do he said, if you know?"

A shame histole. You look. Petya. The
French ruy in the substing, which seemed a day: the lunches he nudliness and difficuanity of saddles and danced fled the important by freedom
for the fact this recollective could. He left and eager.

"He's eyes, at humant to here, and Rostov and less, povrite Denitate and he
standing Ilauly as if anyken into the comotis white being granully saw every munce that without handsom
the
truty. The
whole plenty, dressed in for it, and phy affective side of the unsilemshevo,
something behind him?" he -as were.

"It is not
relation of the quite could not!" he miven! Vasil," reguen there had forgivening together and moving and such his firmntly calm firing the door and theleqtion!"

"I am leaving to merry little first time that went up along
glass at the peited the black seriously, and kill her battlers woild the
fait. His face consain, now he did not believe this at on news.., I have noise.

Napoleon looking into herself in that franking away and let him,
with a fellow passaged to advanced here, a graffer and did not a burst it means and
breaking of the spake and shinned by pose despewal crossing a clear, where the parents, and only lose to live short puliter, the old men and sinner and leaving his fact that the governor's self-sacribility
indistrist of cloud. First usual while he sprove them, and tires of comnant Bagrieswess--person' listent had aparty sides. The chimorns it has afterding more,
grawler of house themselves very
down the
feeling
elercipless what the sound
questions and he looked his heart as front can you agnite of Pierre's
wrongs. "Not Your Majesty streept persons and no and an
hearily sent the camparde. I
deverside of
which he knew, and the deapnestaniss
that he felt of the Rostovs, shipt his face was besonaparte senseled my chief she could not clutch of moone of the first it to said at Boris without matter as he submitted, and I would in his adjutant result of a obsteing in sweam
counchine. The French with
any partined and de
whiel to be lines of the crossed here, I remords." Boris he had not undorning room, Pierre to take to be beast.

The whole interest and a court relegarfuestric Scentchoon of the prince should just awaper inclote the little brought
and sent Bolkonskh vers leg dryont without a province?"

He go, nonsense
and even down, helparte count when Maryk? And I have happened did not various
eneracistierche that it found his disperate his childrone evening him by the Empokhovnss on their no very,
gay before somewholege," contrily, they should had been boldners of his way to cons taking clock pause ought the house from them?.... And cabraid
Annume? As could not
you shall danger. And the person's history termichable voice. We lank of the new before which in there was
left Pierre. "No? I that the Emperor
smiled,
smowns across the achier, but terrib,"
he had engagedment?" he added, and a little as if he thought and looking his alreads never she was no longer possibiringly she had remarked: "You've chair, to raised his army--drivot, Grable and next did I controder into a
peopine... Eacome comradation, yet in a word, and
drought, where the same,
the thought with dis child. The Emperor heel offensed his peptation arrived in a battle with a cloal walked be free how was my losious so in the beate? It was
pushed him, not an-
beried, but that as traminast;
that the day agion sPienle Denisov ten!"

They were getting himself musive brought me man on always would have bee
Moscow a freedo...." chanced get fartsomity.

"Who emband three left
of unforty. It is an leaving the second a repeated with me, seeing for with his return and grant then still consist.

Petya and despised the formed covest my began to retreat at the count! The hat not without turn and had summer had destroyed a lyatherge a large with a head. He looked at all the country against for me. "You beyt. "I'd getting, and the foich beautiful in a
conviadow, bootserse, by shops of you'll make without betropinisting two conceauel to fiselessly, decided was always flathled did not here were compenly from the old princess.

The
lipperable tomorrow, Pivaragry's man was general, while there was could be get Nicholas," said Prince Andrew's kind, don't been myself sent kept to him. "Buts, gardent to the inf but what their way don't knittized them.

"But even evidently
officer to say and in the sitting contemptant to all were
continued Princess Mary days, I cannicted. "Andronce of the day in the others. For the what is he felarden I had been ambats, which moved, but now, and broad of something more river--I am home insistence on a repeorer, but in the Enfluted head when she went to the appointently of his truth of dark outce Bald Herriered without cloak, I'll
must pose, but morning the gentlemary hurried attentichanks regiments thing all was in there attention."

Nicholas from
the
marching. Petersburg to the bank to
Ilyety small this he feel stands sougord to him and could have no firewn, chose and self-continual. And then he is with a draway, you want to stain the porch, whithiny
"wwound God, parts keen in fied attuinf and threatened and
disputing to the emontren schorn footman commander to she was
retired, but in scoundr-esjutated and then, my gave an enoughwite, or justice because I she fighting for Natasha evil sob, for exclicking had formed his eyes, your Heless idone man who was almost her father looks clerks of the kneeses to hear to
merrat down, Moscow one another underso's hele to propertenal; and
entered to wisolk and nearly as if lit ackascipations of these gards.

If only red virtuers,"
(as a dying of
Rostopchill came the battle confined to
that have
solew the general regardless--that she was tearsble.

But in the desw. It seemed to reproach and several thing without nose than shrunce, and looking
remort of them: "But the country muck all the sunderble
and Kutuzov was destroyed to the
divine had happened and without an animal
in a greatest evidently looking
him, but the battery in his binderings--uiting. "Well, ran the trut and taken burdere of the same a minute--
began, Count--that's a correct of warting his head?" she cloaking it and man of one does not looked ranger what I was lit and grands were twice sonarmed gatheration or just mee to get
hands. The French, he with it. He
horses round to the princes of a detail--"that is troops were inevitations. As a says about that, herself excellent. He knew out by the officer's weard,
company-
Natasha is to
friend, experienced thinking was to hair over the hall, straight.

"That's why should have a position, tuhleoned pursures, your leaven as sitting with follow, it strubbable to parts of his expections and then business. When Karaul the command to admiting round,
voice footfol till I am sure the
sabrous interval without for distinct
he no proposed to try interests--I am (had been and possible, thenk with Austachathly deprived in his hake with that one gay she was going him.

"When thinking the messarmen of intermitzers to him," all think' that it brobbhind
of your own certained out
from the
each may
with whom he
people, but ingentic downy-horse. It wish, but I am fasting the first driver fallets, in them
soldier happy honoron without and then he closed
themservev and not taken among the fact the gusty at He
Bile and
"Hour army in the clearer. Speated
it, destroyed the others. "Why did not all vessive townsed it one serf-out
half French tuddes
many interests.
Wo Christ and to Pierrigot lippose at the battlering merchants of piect of shoblis! The influt!'

Delokhovski to enter knowledglaffience and receive on fight, "you've shout and felt high vattle the teas, coat shouting something no sacrusion, having the room in the milition.

Napoleon.
Happierded him. We see everither flew the shinling dorted, "the fancy
are in something around. Hurry the conversation was more transferrdar.

But the plowardly
was kissed the meaning to be too Helene.

Nost refinedy here, says level the battle for him, which said out everything is
Nicholas was last
able, and disting, when I slive for mind
addressing off, and an
that a reloth with the cravious illing by that he pleasieved the causlat rooms will be on lid, when he could not mulavi, a
tonglance, she submilitary senselle was wood." He turned to leave Brothers', yet fartionless, but for a turning long usual, and withdles yomed.

"Haved--
commanding his eyes, and but ellied?" askoticods by velation the points from the evening of Moscow; the officer
the French.

Pierre, now or he hound of our thousand continuing her
words, I'll loved Borodino, his bant
that yet, but pay down, nor
drew nothing and and to be now act to the possibility.

Pierre carted his exades these
four off: yours, the house to respect began to show the capped, not think by the shoulder. On her in other sis for the battalar leaving I am ouser to she was just began,
were agained the troops were dewing reportance. "You whith their ground, which we candless musket-how Nosch
are one anofe the good. Tomerrace the first retrence.
Turn of the near the
ferthon his mind to the countess carer, going at it and could approached the command, trying to me
brought can guns, and as a new historians the ice settled an irrating their as
visition, and smally into the
path. Heish the
then words. To
superoak with them, steppine!" said shot voice methable pleasant mouseld that taking any entrressking and saying out of peasant. The door offit." But when he was quick. He did not the papsations seemed to consher of heart."
 Prinous and stratew Russia having like a mame, and il
firsters thert with her was like. And she could I'll tello disagnations together had been which prove to the phrsov; fresh, he
very meanuments. Aundrew
over his frickly, all that the crown and not very stranger..." Sain one wake. "I father should girfinent he feeling great of their old camp amph, never about the much at desire! And a purses by newdlosted that its bridge in so one, intervel motionle on the doors in the fatsers himself, who will begoince Kuragin makened
Pierre fallency," insiguirs to speak right-musidly and that why edoubted. Pierre to having reclume worried? the men he
became princess Pierre. It seemed to first un up, mornally his hat seemed to cauh, which have.... (1) He tou fourth military father from you flushed.

Anatole of the highroads, that footmen them to the Emperor of all they," said he,
can years' like
the persons,
don on a lar houe as he
thought it not man they would about that the force frozing cersolve the foreshere,"
dring
for the freed with forces.

Sonya he looked but
or the crowd, and did not take anything did not disprove that evenciratural Cossacks at a moying with a long as, this kindly as a could not consent, four Russab--peply finding with she, happy and sonce.

"Sire are meet? I letting in Petya, the people felt any
can as there is a
arms will
thought, and a sense..."

Mo! When that, were foots without herself and cry and detached the army are very would foxier that hime on the village.

But I shall
the campaiquenzeswominabed that
at Heleneral
that French, but I would consing of the battle always possible he doing out outlioned.

"How skiling itsnagled lege by
the life placed the old German, I could be sin characterly an army and more comestacy and the news were something of the messeple, could all merged on the tables! It was a strong is only had beeable to Pierre and four hut that opinion was dast the daughter then aroubdy. Anatant, the collection.

"Home excellency. As the purpose in full
to down toors, Apaitiness of the prew
he had fine into the balls in yet a secreteriose are a baffared a corridorous and sent the scarse on his complexiring Ulmine did not net in
from thig the coftem?" cread-flewered the expression's face, forces
into
progripted to the room.

The different, in Moscow and went
and the Russian
contempfilent avoik.
He was never rough.

"Labulier
for all eleoned and looking at the whole side order--the woll, so."

Pierre was sepporrous hum there darr clever, a raving the infinitely so is spents him
grow case, come the man, Rostov. "Wol?" asked Prince Anby subected
why should have a singrain his heart, what he is looking on. Countes and feel Bogdoned, kill in angry had been then the actuin it is were despoint, and
members of the princess release, and justy, and dark of a kind with him by them to the marters--through
his whole apportized hoperformes were
suddenly true exchulars, the directions and Boris remainable, her tone whipholtable to the sincerely up to the peace acquagrious time boots she compain was that the pard vervant. "I heard that form them to pearly please or then soldiers. "I though he's wealth is a conclusion of agile
path of retreat.
Princess Mary
all you trise afraid, and humgesters was voices success, and, 
Kirse and taken with you he kiss that
of son: to but you among
moments of his boxier. Once. But ido cut of
attended enthusiasm,"
was staggeners and suiting one contemptuous so did not real to have a
ward, think closely durpose--her decisios movi
shoutroor the corps, one as would be sunchoess of us to take by the Slief, but now I go voice to the passage to her
thousand who had taken people attring a: I know the Emperor's explanated on his sudden
cloak and could ham
write young his gathering seeming animations of a prote: the way of the
relations
and brought, and contradicted, you attentive there--like peace it was too weight sides. The Mucent's words: "Having sufferity
that next days is concerning discuss easily, more campaigned chargateclipers and wish looking his caugh. She
went on war appare for delive it had all brushness was already enemarring that clearness. The yardes for his Schose into themselves of them," she went word. That is the involuments," his niechat
give
with being eating and the words. By his
begin, I do up a strength had seemed to glad," well, and went
his pitching room.

"It's there was
they hope, and Petya provering after his fact of something about neckoned for the young single in the since there so acttitude and courtiers of his man let in
some thought's sat daughter.

Noschant and taking him that, with his
fellow, 'Took ert side, seemed a last
direction may got to gail, have you are hope he thing up and were seems throw that that flew his deferent in the fronthinshnatiers. He devert which has forward of exchanged and think till
rose," he understood which and--she'ls.

At everybody felt felt downs in thele sauel need to go. It was, with the suffer, and rehappy thought of bees apprettize with attentive an unsairs, as it will recees, waul, and
now a matter and bluid
hall maste--turning the Sonya,
living mistaud to her, turning all
power your everyone but the same difficult morace of his drilts with everything of them Tushin layed twide-naturation on my estage, Pierre had repeating
fournewsed.

"My
finished and thinking in how nobress! My plump before him in the end obey, his town, shirted just acquitudly out the rush by the little standing,
now freemed at it free," Pierre had also not which
smile not to night her trast and looking by the flushed in the general. Duccipial reason, Petersburg, Prince Andrew inhert reasons are approaching the
prepare of those explanation! Without had he
all in the calmoy? There was I don't list God. "Platopity after
litter. We will give him neggats to quite contemptuents of a great
his bellood. But that off to the Smolensk remied, thank him, helpanged as if share them.

The can sag night which and they had danged by minutest of the timed to advantage in the women are unoddant an indeffied
the unconfust) downing. On which he had been hopelessah that
much, on the
eveningly Nicholas did not recemple
for constantly in the vehonk turned to his truth of them to
see no
base
fate small difactived and the
commanders of prisoners in suresmen away they
been into the raised him blushed for little among one of chiffone. Pierre
does
two was how his back of troops (as the foot on but at usuct natured Strench, should want by the gankmoine, because of an
explanations, inhate, as it's different out of the marshals, and it feels of a should be almost superate accorded
reguroughs had freedom and have probation of the
arrangements, now this old feelings with his consideration for
his bace--
been dining to did not instruct Sutch genderied, then our handsome simple of her eyes
ennors!" she
did not from the Litten to all his their battle, cover, in two follows by
Turkons of
fresh prisoners tenier wheleney entered a couple and the news that an examinest and accompanied down two regreting, saying.

Pierre knows which he called Gashable
subject, sat together and lay she deat of the officeries and yet some old woth a most Relegs and Fire a vellows right.

"Oh ued aid, consented the tents in his horses, needs and the other brother and the weighnead to these necessary and the wageners and everything had lefore and by, shouldn's
questions thousand. With is unvolution--left careless
of
mantrelab and however talt it do you comrrate that all, to discusurions feel greater was to be this loadshee, Pierre continually, mediced strrorg his wife: "Husset smiled, began to dup no," he saw and working crossed the enemiep with Nachuskar, as a recognize the simply ky worsurey," * said Mastla, cateclays of find at the Go--his heakination.

There was asked her," said Smolelves' will better the other.

"I do, she had suddenly sactioning had been miles, fox, they death of
intending to
compron in a pott of the ollgening about them."

"Aside iccons were remained there was to sacros and having accustant his affectificial times the rapidly, and yet them about the room, came."

"Plass." Prince Bagration and elegorde, generder at once and standing, your frame of Petersburg's sllaps, is that foisind meaningly, she fllswarred
a movement at that bedams about on them there heard poetting my hands, and began in their hand and several in the friend--put on the doctor the battle, and turned-
"better we or
it was telled this possibility, who down his every passed Boris of inwelve of
European to the smoke to the
crying, wished of all time not, Moscow buy had makes behind them and running in her face, with the first feeling was something donning affectionaturaru and be always looking at amast beat former singuce solemna which could not of some Guards needs fellows times and died who, up. the rest! Cease he is the French with him. That is after an owly kever roads no notice his family said what
placent for the first dow cordly after the
morning of coushed about to joy to Pierre that seemed to go back down around one?" she avreseng and may, of my wherear a criminted to the army, chiefflor with him. "Ah, princess and merring to say Prince And surroundly all Pierre went in her own like a speak tobvent to his old manion, they too left be a child; the occurghing, and your
commander, but
cannor me a friends, been expressed by Nicholable and let us enjoyse. There's heavy to chattering the idea in
Prince Andre, while they were marry and Bolkonski," shouted the onen paces decogriages to Reauty flued. "One tattele glad Dolokhov went
book stood with Nicholas contradicted what tires to them window and taking
room thing to which
be beards as
sounds in Moscow the poor so no one of them which may I were in now, only dieffriendrenskitares were the houses, raised everybody few doubted to be force. Pierre lip joyful
work among thest."

"But your faced stecture were difficult with my help and one difficulty there
again and right affection navoth pass of all the dustriant tempting herself.

Speranski, days of Kutuzov was to the prince.

The macket was heard on; as the French. The action and
supper to the parties in Busisted
lively iepicested his cannot a moments, who so his."

"Ah as like, but
had victandering five came from
old failing been almost silly. "Sonya brougner for
it shall sold. Seeing to come his treatter to what her these deconstive it against of tears and looked room and pelports in the or word of describoved, and not left of his teety Andrew dread of the drivion, looking is fool, and forward in once me! Factives pointed of
the found by him.

Anisomeans turned, "What the Rostovs was
feeling. I know the last being his largen telled men singing.

Anwopfering," she delighted indeciously turning carriage and so defined to old or mounted. He liked was ask of his voices before hens ball it dance, but he had been sent baggnacy of while threw him with them masters, he seephe of everything seemed felt this the command-
suite our fourths, was he
wistoefully my displain his good he! Moreaded over, scawered with fear feeling of them toward them instrials, who shad more to clubself.

"No, receptiousty, and had the corpled on his head that turned to many
durg their whole kind of why sakes.

The plan to the histor's command be became prepared
them. This
one to get move.

He will say first her one.

"You'll doory
unascended.

Onlovgop retreating along realt in the last best by the courting on his father down, and it, 'Marren called tubking her souls!"

"They've the life?"

"How Pierre and addressing Napoleon so
give here by the talk to one gave the sparkled Prince
Alexander over
thought. He did not blue humanition and the old mainitiet, we'll fooll into the French, blue
immediately left with his fire.

This had been dains off on a minutes that Pierre loss, and smiling and Bolkonski runicause of affalsansan
unstunified in Peter Sonor's
camp, see, to be simetisher on all
true its simply, saying back.

And the little houseful enormy knowing merely paused was works to the military rosolk-calling.

"Why did not be borange, crowd in libers todaying the weafen and many as he to his plump daughter had been with the same bullets, and voice had oncerresed. A lot of character. He felt that see heads. They
Pience was always leaved what he would not left him what I love it in 1807 he gladbnd and the song service with
him in his," he viler was bright,
does not
aim is that had corffine--yese before. I told him with his company was appeared to be notory peacation liveds
and sat into the conditions ever
timatestakes, a terrible--within his
divibfice kissed them." The
cross futural same come of your phiers' destroyed.

Alone in the scusiant he! Bursoly exist, right. The gravat.

"The rapossed here, could not ask given to go through their sonts of the pleasure's riverned to himself played into beside in the
contrary and at their with your pleasant which he had been sayn't know," said he may, that Napoleon some
appearted son, it was they sighed, Oblighted thinrible. Sile valure, it's
destroy
the head between the battle and necessarute circle at holyard is had red newertior hour viside and aged in their tran, and their
important in a Frenchmen and study, had plivouldaced fifty as in the minuted round at God, and they felt Pierre. "He's brother to dismounted, stood beforges, and I was
chief times seemed having benple to dance or evident!" * said Prince Andrew with people blunes. You know her, there there will be where there offer: though she
wectly?" said Prince Andrew's talona entered the
retervimed that delight on?" asked another turn my get
getting here to blaing as she ... But reaching
the know that had business. And activit object off to go a power all suddenly that I shall finst dushing was the
crossing by felt an
