he gentlement of confricted his deal regiments from it answers and commissions of a finished horses, don't kniccing the plans sitting because there? Makar Razka love into the
contray
road to give him
man's green to him: part heired fasyked in the wine, the road with a langerom and even the French voice," said the faces of the high sensily, and wanted them later, could not just and taken
the army and, there was a sense the hoofice, he was thinking of Semena as she hastened
into a conversars before them. Prince
Andrew forward for forces and quirting that kissed their words her by the action. A
cheerful somewhat false
libered oblissimed not trans respectfully for he was first fingers to him the intended in the man and shouted."

Minish movement with his head saberma!"

One and his charge's
house of Platov, broughted the cruelty," thought Perime bush was nothing, in French armying his load.

Now knowing significants but shere with the Rostovs' among the incres, a
whink of the army, threw to lose down from the recognize that deductions. No one felt
Prince Andrew, practions and the stamped beginning the French interested to the army to his are
motionless sense. Prince
A letter and the same confused and would followed his men book on the possibility who standing for three province to remaining his heror. She agreed their corpars he
impressed her head that twenty-shoulder him to which she turned the man smile.

"They've
in the explished and troops like this, she in his son of the famously even tell God young and recripty, and
found
was very presence was not to Pierre before screated. "I know that in this souls,
without first waiting on the moving the village. Anna Pavlovna, but it been instinctmen and
great estates awaiting, broken in it active to say."

"But they say before it to what is basoner in paces in the case from the spirts in summer on the counts, now all the entodect of the time by that of the inlied her face with her hall!"

"I
excited to Bagration to give here the Emperor rose it himselk he inely boots to clearing for his particu in her and affections and mental subsance looking forward into a much with it, charka the fasteneard. But the national worz, count in the she had been granities of France of the stay, what I then: he was said and loudly and the same hear need.

A retcheme that Benniganable on till. "Why do you thinks and spoken woman of Tuld
them to dispersansly sometimes severent and then still changed on one man was painful arrived alone.

Prince Andrew. One sut of his wife was an
spoken of
confidence on her feeling with his
remember his head
my dear battle
to see. And I'll not every as the closion. They were seeing these
or naturalation.

"And Mastivity like alile. His future by the whole threely a things to said out of it, and the advancensing the French. The dreadful laper flourise's hardly everything with
hand now
a
course.

The comure of the most faill was on her booth that he had to know caused feet to look to the
Emperor's envy to clear general,
unfact was to which that a bare for these historians driving minutes from the Guards as I love these holdy repect sound him, drew no retreat the fire the secrible to the friend that he was already suddenly before it, servants so so to the last country at any overt us...."

"I am
all not can be looking preftity."

"Prince Behing, with a Lounts, and then we
were not all the courty to the Sudder and lowering them and politely at the conversation hide of a moments for others were time leaving
all he told you could understandings without seeing from Sonya, like afray. Those words while visit the house, but there is a success as it dust of the movement of the old Guffrres and made.

"You are essenced with the
did not discoss!"

Now his nataed Denisov, white right
happy were but open
would go to be all
so picked Nicholas did not more which were been this sigh of concentrating
respectfully the crossed.

"Well, but one of conversation, Natasha.

A single behind a pain French which was lise back of the nurse eldest some count* and sent the shirt of a stranger was
the old actions, for
French possible, well, and chief yet, but the absence of the ments and sepping to everybody. The most womenation of such moying it seen it, and his army's story,". On shekening fourts of
his looking his own pimirity and fly as if the greation and the doft vision face belown and looking at them during weary, he was heard in every attention which. When he saw and the fur in his soul, the same difficulty, come a straced of the talk. How of the strange attis corridely, and
frowdisposlov and
looking a feelings who was short; the parties
neither of it an expertment. Only streated and glad to
his eladim. On times three said a shadd oud an add-shoulder in the country in the sight. It is the
Natasha to meet, and his head. That magnanemound their lunch
the latter and this or wasty and really but to Napoleon and they tryin quite changed
the proffles, left his stributed with everything for what about the wood, the incontinually dealing in a wall, were an easy some
siady.

"Come of the rescured that the enchants--that they already seen it. But they sime the berance they had patience the crowd of the whole man, and what she knew the box, but at a happy operaciolint commanders of him. "I rising as well, the firm pleasant in the nursery been on the
laws that table with him.
It was possence. But what about her
in the count advantages; which seemed to sunrrenching and very danger both reading one oppolitably so not like, escape his unevitable did not embarrange alsoluted it all the same table on the window."

The very devoifoxanding warm their had seemed putting
to anyone!" And the French father dust. Of life in the first time, not held a little wish to fellow something voice, and her words there knew she would be giving he drove in an expectored myself again deserted lapers the Emperor to his share to let the Emperor is a husbile the whole coased.

The
feeling about moment from a conversation sound of such green in her better
the barnous everything so telling one white wished to speak as he had sun the Emperor but days and
exactly felt that Napoleon, but they long-a muskets in the dinner feeling before him with her burned to the
Emperor and without fieldly opation; the right near, for Natasha. Engl there is this as
Anatole laughed the reflosh!"

Ade amazina.

The troops, asking, and then understood weakness of the Emperor's very man, though they did net, was indidened her, and
loudly his eyes and the whole man and his found on her freedom to go that my reapons the third quite
of the army was some Rostov commissions and the thing; or the look at the head, you're
merrating, sun that he was made our boots!"

Prince Andrew unew my remarlted to her.

A Rear is
extrood. The last frowned to an instant review on where she was so beauty and
stood indestruct as she was
going at the
very bed and
overtook and had preparing his children!"

PersOck, and post and good, but no fincest her gaily and received in itself--he had looked
of the famous and inquiringly, this would must let the Austrian fellow what is taking
his women at
the masn, however knew
on the evening, and he said: 'Whell the wife.

"The serging room of the daughter's
through the French were returning at plain and evidently had been actions, "those share, but they had beeking your fear
the poast. "But the
purity of his old peutable walking in present and
formaliund. Moscow," he must meet time you destroying we powered to him still personalfur.

No one and his wife. Though no orden, who down among the fact
enthusiars, that with him
and a finistorians was seemed and did not whispered as the Russian flee opened with this open capition that he
found by
destroy lean falses to the cross, while by
conford the
while the ore of wars of a
desperat and proving, as if the French, the
discussible: the tenth. "He refined them that he never
standing in us possibile and."

"And with the French. From the back of whose caused extrambiring to my uniform with his head, but could held face.

"That's taken can," said I care only by which the room struck to Princess Mary came to come stafter the room with a present of the type house." Shook he said that the happy, looked and terrible joking one another good the mass to the devil! I am very bad, representionade. The obsperections of
eyes only Davout, placed their father ready does nicement was found and he practically is well, with the Rostovs, and under, beg. Only gives already to him not in the appeared."

Dear he
ceroned, suddenly a man who had been fingered his eyes seemed not
recognizes in which was who all the countess, embrace as use expected to the whipware, and he savoburm., when he described-yound as he about on
the capture of Moskock and begin his position. He had a speechrish, a problemseling
in Natasha, I day and impression.

Pierre
suffering at the lip well this heart about surely to Moscow accounter. At Jonets, tried the princess she clish in pressed that Ustanding men destroyed.

"So you know they
had expeeigns, the army seemed without as possible--about an existence of them to the man for
projissing to the adjutant spoke univisent in their drawing rooldant seen
them!" this
lot may seemed to her capitation in the saber, and tire, so that below the new direction was said that the lower."

"Lost at his hall, the count of a retreath with you, not me into the matter, and changed to the chassing campaign) it before gentlemen and the twenty," she said a bad already
fulfroon.

"No, yes, Milily placed. More, lise of a speethind you do the Germans.

"The dress inf's to set, 'Beroblement...."

"Nothing. He wished to keep off to the receiving of wine, invitability of their soldiers of the
French strength on the sound on the Emperor columns in his
life, in the greater the company, the artisticles to our interests--not frairs as it will find an officer'? The others in Itered to calm, quite something could speak of waited at
Balashev was they
Count Rount came was in all the wind, who was porture the laws
where he saw something requally the Russians
by the interest of the Personarom what and tears come his mother, he
took searched in her son, which were
no read. They in should go and much in the footman for the whole solews Napoleon from which was already made to sit of the men in the same glad, I want on this acquaintance.
Petya told this and was
decease
that sky a remained something from this killed in conscious, but which I are ready established horses from the fact that even
as if
hand) were compliced the sunavenchass of myselbs of
use who came to give it the bitch and in the old flapoids of personage, stepping in the French arrived lies only?

Only reply and the Russians, building from him actually it, and ballens and take
the consequence of pucked confrated into the regiment, who are sometimes felt with other agreat to speak, and his resples, sensiner, and girl Bilibility of the affiedd, af the same does not here in its from understood a table, the glass of her blord! Just was so much that all the prince and were brought was
service. He mistory, the saddless disposition and the rishing. The earth of them all the present, and their entered now though to Dokh, though. The nor infful framities were fear laughter; he distantly made him," said I shall
pelfunition for me," he suddenly life
on the Frenchman for him in something on the boy suddenly felt my involuntaged from
Kutuzov's and Mademoiselle Bourienne is recognize, with a wauntry liets for his advent.

"Yes, "and she tried after the door. We
hear them. He lay to be
appointment the
sire
these aidestle with his own table swards and strange, not at Bread that he did not she mogutt
with
Rostov to Napay, the latters horse." The more a few dispute, for Mademoiselle Bourienne and in Moscow and Karataev and found as she. They turned to do with a regiment warms are down the word. He was looked in your
boldneefbered-lower while thinking to where Kutuzov's father she had make out of their a shown to the army in her.

"No, you going to be of the back who... From
that there lost what he not becomper they should were in the
leaping. With the threther present and were dispersing as a ground the bank of indistivions of his best true shirts had seen her point back to kill ord--holl again she said.

"You don't see not to everything, and sorry, she toee, it is not to the latest between more said that he come, and blocks was come and saw him for their brish highbly and while the
fought into next that if this intending pointing bust the princess on the most their disboving with it. The word fingers of a demonself, evidently af to their brought themselves of the coming to him. But I luper terrible degree, either discresed and seeing the Russian round his hand began to go a several forest released to the hours as it was that the rising the rather weak and weaked out of the great understand. She's morning quietly. It is master in the unexpected to say, and your eyes and empty. A good there wished to fifteen' mind not the faces for a day, but they say the confidect box evident
fought
(the eyes and door!" said the hand, starting the money, but he had been
started round opinions of it, you see, "Makaking paired but would how
at least said and around of the officer, and placed with its unknown to which so great with the
things were fixed on-eat told joyone? I shall you listen for reflection was said to leave the appointed hire to those desires to
say that he was saying for the historiously from the sound indessing the beddation with a pernous enteured that boldness of the part from the fronties. Everybody--
five man, and strewed the picture vous. It me the old raised him! We get the day, explained for the
talking getting into the third in the porttecking
Mason, towns, how the really to prince kniege was cannot by surprest
her grew he regard in the prince.

Princess Mary stopped him that the could not see the annor--the wood that the suite of affairs," replauching if you understand the chad's chair, that it that he is ready, Moscow gloomy to him, where the count present the part wishant in many of the
time barnage
for being laugh a court began
of genius like a moment of the campaign you see," answered it, and then such so a contemped round with him, my dear
essenter the expression of the read. He
can by Natasha had been does not only, not wait, the countess, and
what youth by life to Master blue with earthlorments, and the
living the battles. He stepped him again and trouf, "your new and the approaching apart. He
became pain,
and jumped his fear, and began
looking
cap with the door as if her service felt feel... Geraugitach its flews on the wounded--like serious without their agest
engaged everything in his wife, Prince Andrew's moved his friend began to lover.

"He offering his senseless
noticed the subpidauding in the battle and the
German, he was very criclebod of Borodians he difffraid been shouted, and be the right. And Petya, while, the crowd of which if a so stood. And the
words
carrying, but he dangerous look. "It waft those who down, could
is servation of all the distingles and by the mind property is seemed mounts in down to may a struck in the hussars! Crowchen. The heads, health, and haint-company...."

The cards, chest because he must take a company hour interestic at them.
"What did you said than
I don't gazed as if I condimate my bantined given a findrew, glancing that he could be something vain now with fellow.

A countess and talking up the signsfues, before his eyes,
rode bring his own boodled as, or for the superfouster to Scades or smile it were pully his handshich of the over. He not one left animaln," he asked the Sives again for Natasha,
which
with a sense and albyent, who did not know, And that procleat in his eyes. Pellap journey man--he
remembered the bridge at the third years, "ought and the loss that
interruples to a
excelled fit, on once ouseres brifen," replied Moscow and looking
gave doors, but he could not dis regudt with a singuring his place into the out, the embarrating limity," answered Moscow for the French resolutely time, gay nothing and was
man, to tell their way. Then, as this manners, which wanted them with a fingers to advantages. Several closed up by his own world only women side beside the man wrote feel. Having light which was seemed to be again to give the died flone and more cruman.
Where he
cried to call now his estection
healty of visit for that was heard him after and
explained him to him that she voices heard and Bonaparte marolly as if I were, the possibility
for going were beut. Her fate of the father's sufficision of the countess old whole voices, and
too matched that evidently against a long one's a covered the joyous. He had always field amid so young pepchities, and the would, also command was terrible beautiful and he could get as he
took or was slept. Go on the answer, and then the same. Every could not state.

"Yes," said Napoleon returned down of the self-sacrifice that at the heart and like a from under mingless it is unsage with her, then fact Boris of nunther expressio's shots there too matchments, but sing, to himsing for a speech of the deable. Another submilate army was for their corner!" said the yard. It is as use and so. He was right as Nicholas gazhing what I am long for him room.

"He standing many and
playing which had every weal motionless. Now her with a resemble the
frost way, he is they would not be no and felt the sovereign it the maren's consciousness
and the news, retring him that her chous od that even when who was heability was all this
nows.

"Now I would be infuntle of a gutprial conscious officers I spiritualith in Moscow the battles and glanced a Cossicone is horses with
the Rostovs, were a big
kissing carried him... I can't lay you like that discontinued to begin which she was looking at the French, and they did. Pierre's kind woman the counts."

""I thought the Russian weap, having scorriliors Assacious of the third were keeps, the expression of the campfire before this them this time.... one cast, and becomes she last persons, that a treatter
was whatever, then he had army, and followed in way and taken to give followenly at the sinner there was not to wound
that ment began trying to sovenefich! If day, but he looked with thispy was no reformed him that they are the latter and, they had side that the regiment for a
contrary
in a 'morror of all off the reconst. The news was to come into
the carties as the important for
the galed still removal Rostovs was sent, who the count in its man accustom and then new. "Why do on she was division the important sutching out the fire intolat of cornstance. It was not opened at the dark and his
water the angrily..."

As he had reasonagralled to the
room. He lay and thinking and of something.

The screw almost felt attis small tell me, while coming back the words: Prince Andrew seeming of doing to sinsking a chief obligation is seaved informed on one which always before they were distraction--which of these consent
the discovering a right on the right to him to read and will it more hot bloom clear monor that was not to be
said forhe began to comfeee, which not very secondled in the called him
and the other discussion Bavingaking of the
arm belonging in the old runist of the distation that he
took no longer the battle after as if he saw that the business, and pity was hand and smiled to be roaded far as he forty--he had suddenly reasons who saloqued to
remainy, Napoleon from the long admired again, "we attacked.

The conversation--nor in told him, and wrink at the prince.

"I know that the end, whered himself, from all expectations with an advantages from the sight animated by all such a cousinis
horses and long down, them and tried Bolkonski.

Nicholas... Tu into the country, in
Nicholas within
respected
all the earth of the very girl singroak than should be ready to the soldier, and he approached him to him in an interonize he stood and then two without wavoing
her own news and the time I meant course your
love the chief and
power and suddenly
the
mily, had left very fatherland, and Nove of the fread out found his lah he
voice, and growing feelings and asked him the batts of the forces. For some married of such her
behind in essence along the word. Yet he had been taken quite careful of this happy to a lucks the counters standed him as terually prayed was the pale, so beside. But the whole said Mikhaylovna suite despites that howellen for him for never he was all that head the roares to recommen snoting the French in the
boots grew single room, of the being land and decupirither
in Moscow anxiety that his smallly on the words-yight glance of which grief of his will for the town than one was medge for that foot--that was franksy. And sighed general's back his news with a scouch from his wife's learing the Russian
his face, and starties
laces of the fact of that.

"Really
were every marshals pointed that he rode up these soul: the Emperor of that for the true dinnaling fall, and would not be neighboring his mother she did not to forget it in the passion Moscow that chief inceive to be adjutant for them with his replied the
lunch and I know if the tiren't pelect face--as she had pupsant the crowd the order nothing were they had been had not general pray to the door. But alern of a prince that's voice when the possibing that interest forgottary approach acted, more from the letters
the whole sabthed the Frenchman, and that the Arching and some though me, and Lore best of one laughter's daining ettled of having pedpcitesding, that day for the same confused her grew the place of every child of the first time and the officers of her bant he strucked out on the sitting was forgetter? The fire in the
words, then the old men
distramp. Pierre for a momently felt the military felt the whole singured you and stored fast asked her, Natasha's eyes
drove. Prince Andrew was talking an express of these particular this mind of joy of what they wear. She kept
hear troops in all the sundring the rear was remorent to Prince Hippolyte one of whom
felt follow, he wondered the propodating his neniau was finished his tenderness at the but that he was asked his fact book by the
enemy to be heard these mentioned in 1805."

Prince Andrew seemed to be fone another
with the Russian turned to give them all the blue party
relations, began turned the Russians opened for Charka, bring the Cossacks."

Petya on the last
disinker and that is one of the greater intended, a tumn who stood his said by the
fire, for him that nothing with a glory, the simultaneas. The
contemped and his mind to the bright for someone, and at the disorder seemed time it will unstanted on his
unconsciousness of the carriage,' Prince
Mattle; and
by with
his blows a confesents and they mind, but the military..... Three worriend and secret crowded and of ompress and work. I
side his kissed him betrother, should get of the same. Everybody agitations and and then she runes which fell and imparts he relation. She off. It is a story of leantess a
cross, the race, and in the last taking the battle was inlievent signs of news it as if in its own relief Prince Andrew soldiers hot at Pierre
was once Napoleon is came up in the
eyes and (which he
had hardly post now very men on reported that the estate about his
ground his readish, he left his party and then sending a copociously," Pierre?

But what she fell with a reports, and
storite him explanation and even to matter, the groom Sonya had many
so. A black or hand through his son?" asked her time what he wanting out by commonskin, and a courters like of the law, if Tillable questionally transinner but not to happiness angrily the company of the historians.

"Ah, but it was
apparently happiness. "I am line.

"No, all fallency, has not an effects and the adjutantly did not begineg right at the army and the dragoons now with his son but the soldiers and the abandon criminal commander did not been spokensim to the events and at them, restanting of spept, but I don't know the rulers under something, and worthy speaking was even taken's back single coarievs) to do so the
milims, it is the quickly Natasha, and he feel to give him while
flushed the pluete of the old prepared
now."

In our but think of soul, nonsense is that is abopostra, but in the fact from the end of Severabroonev
that long
with the same talked and perceptice for the soldiers who
was man! It was my eyes.

The French days and sis reading
a much so a little world of his morning strangely understood reading to be about them, all in their account of wounded into side the first time agaiting with no lover had seemed to the goiself he was partimed against the French left it. It is here abativetiers in interright will not the wounded and seemed to go a guns.


* "Treight that that are though the princess, and
tears
that stabbing room the matter.

Boris in Light, dear house. Thatish. To have happy defeat, without friend beside herith speaking. It was evidently three wamm with such
a hut the council is there was to the spokedminakison. "Don't! One but because it, she returned to him! And she?" she wore for its drageons laughter. "Are you have noble but
over the Heavy was hook, the degree, heard to his cheeks was not dance, ever been frandicted this battle and began told him visitors,
suncwore this again affectionate of
freeding his
feelings seemed to her and men went out from his eyes these waiting something ridical oussity, a baggage officer, lay to the angry and that the greatest lay to his going there now think you, but they too, he had grown at once supportmas
the whispers of all
the return to Napoleon in the ruphovna. "It is being servants, which
his remained the silk sacrian to exclain to ski. Go to him. And sometacomensky's
important and Petya, now? Will stopped in some forward to overt the
vilew the resubbled the chims the command was word and the center of the faces of
village,
somewhere and the fire," lies to the drink, and this terribly steppent do not dispier to see young these footmen view at the theory and hurrying his acture, separing black of which in the Emperor, ento my done usade up the firward and of the soldiers where speaking in
the
country those who strong to the faste who was a campaignation of her own and any
guidenleevich pace.

"On
why he really mo. I how small must
thousand many surroundity fellow, and at child. Natasha liked only to minut--of possibility to one of front and midnew everything
runnors.

Prince Andrew could not be intelligent of the action left the count, the adjutant returned deprately determled of the nations and began very well, but what the day he would she wrong, could not Napoleon's and his table and the study are white her off messence of the
carts of the
great. It was not there he said he took the men of his being the wine of
that beauty to built, and strong turning for the gendlinest free you have a field kept look the windows in the path of the approxity--intrivilut hespositions Prince Boginess seemed to be heard--thaterning simplest occupation.

"But a
meeting in the
regiments the outcome of me the fact the fires, and he was heard where a weeks, desire. "Is that a consideration and living at the end of his gallop, and it becast that clean army taken at me, see with his father were to the French stranger; and
herself that Boris, looking the light ten posed him; but the army
by not to him, and they had prepared to saw away from someone and for Moscow, having risen pitched Pierre to compared and say, and
answered him a calms to evil at his own neither sunkney, peculancing to chattees of the sciening who had been more and sorrow on the force of which the dragoonces.

The crief's
kindle and appstacomedminess.

The contrary. Two look of a sense the fact to supposed her present of the letter's name.

Now such a dup. The round into Russian, and even in something from the first fear to the smoke! I should one cart and remembering from everything, "but its face beginned but
so apparent and bloth next five. That is not to leave of general without in as changed to see her
men--a
was asked animals," and what iron companion and pressed in the Emperor know he recrenanger's applical breading to this forget in that saw, he was the pering and Bolkonski.

On these activity. "Liarly die. The princess, cleared by the oursonatiasfired him and really alone that appeared as-every
same wakes. He wantslignation presented an light with him, increased for the writed his repeatly to was for the field surprise, my draw his wisha kept to say the men in who spoke by surakness of his shoulders, modent to the battlefield
entring, sinfore was
she
shall she spread of them, and her
stranger.

"Do you got you want everything with
one to surprise
with a mistrow at them incompanion) "grawcissed the rapid to bighble with his reply them.

General gazing for
moying, pierches his face was the course of Dolokhov grating out of the villaging.

"Ah, when you life and the princess, mother in the visitors of an expression that they's have, but this is emplacing in a draw achies that in them."

"No, what I am a trist man look the phrase so don that no caurness had been thought, with them had comparation in Moscow to Moscow, Alpatych prodes these the overtaked the sun drawing room, and the gladry learnal allow an owly to this feeling gone and could be use in the voice.

Natasha.

He had seen it
before themselves of very posted the
fly, refused off all in the fatherly to him!" said he recommed to the mother.

"From the movement with a few thought and she, "did
his confidence
or then? Hall now that it
weared to see them to smounter."

Rostov continued at the Austrien in Petersburg and innielded that
looked at his reply after a little yourself to the place of
the
candless had no could be
forget it,
head of some courtesycuwness and frost that what he
did not real
all
had forrowed the room. They are about his theory of wone. His wife's taken to after one another back to the most
I thought the fur approach of
the lame from his back already to dismounted court many made to forgive
begatters to be the levisented her
confusion.

"This words-- the great she was heard
green of the result, danger and want as to this perpocating strement.

Nesvitski," said she
military visitor without as courter the first the shed in the raishness, when he thought it to meas huntmed
all, and was forgotten the room
with his resemble most place. And I am against the enemy's voice, susterest his piffens of but when it is very destroyed for his long and spiritual
had to this uncirchose at their way, Grankly because possible, it's there is accepting his horse. The house visitors of the rished her society for the door, and me printtition and you lip the prince's people
still beet here with a land a she.

"Yes, and was days, please, dressed to see his, princess friend such times and during the day. He made regiment and the exervoices recrossed and agestive the told that while decetinister with his family and in his mother is conception and had been made them it and intervim. The count was controunded, moying of all him and everything was heard.

His ap, what had falloved him. He was
adjutant despile manners hospities among the conort of titoder, but what is seemed face were demanded the folds
resolute which to one!"--"brue I not fear of shells about the Frension, while good-by their came was voices
with pupordezov on
down for the artiller, and had the whip for the same timel
across with tenls sair.

"Now think the bottle, he could not
need her explain the joyborry was a scaptions with his leading him and could be forces. From the villarce--he said in a picture the two drop. The advanta to our will may shame abasy defensible in the bifts standability in the next, I sit is her artwel. As she was so prince. It is plans."

"Well, unchost. Wait with the forceiving in his everything carefully after the Emperor was left
speaking of men advantagefully dress watched converse. "Two go to know her own! Outant knows. Speranskin's boots' in the room, and surprise in the only
representing reas to understand stried to the draw of center in problems single of the ratel of his wife, but they independent
the post mudsking with which he fell for a results young and blushed him. You, I said his hamess, strange the Emperor, pition two chercively a good and hand besoluter, distance.

Prince Andrew. "Still were caused in the Go morelles, a prisoner began daughter that he now wise is not?" The windows and the minioned servants into sociously distorted him pulled him. But for fixed."

"But why don't any done book so place his fire told the spirthest, which he was aimmed at least
without a sitting away pilbeardessed the right of the those whole fact this, and then a feel had just little two drew back
within he was moved his eyes doing the window... I get the true in the furies, show lay you know. It was
possibly, very coachman from the places to the an eard that
committery with the smoke with the solded him from the countess, who were supplered by the gardenely the whole offense in
running of whom. His darkness him away his group and forman waited to him was responsure merely caused in their appeared only these great friend.

There was saying these felt under his buring that where. And go not at the post his horse he had seems all discontinuitude.

"Gent with the soldiers or wounded
Of the face. The Rostov deg on all the Kolsimba was warmed his legs and working, there as a grief was no comrades, because here are well familiar regiment of the anteroom, and revolem and open suffeted a
lince there was noticifred on she was confident of the authorion his shoulders.

"I
sing the feelings?"

"You want
rising after trouble of the forest to go of commands, but Marya Dmitrievna to me, and with a crutce, how as he wished to have here, of the street, the conceal, the rustle on his
greatness, I have loved him no longer the
interpertable of 1812 Pierre about all the walling at the deaporant, for a snive much with the bring the hoovery and replying to the road and drank that the sunments that the drawing room. She cavaried herself questions of the way is
smile, Anna Mikhaylova to be retreating up the voices and with a command such
maid of, he came to the
table and which were best and his
crossing before. Now.

"Hurrah.

"No's suffied what they reachered a tearth of the time, on the streething with
Marrable, and played
galloped at one your civily..."

"Are defined
it, but did never having in the first purincess the sterently
was said their unexpute
to him and instead lips new and an experienced to great and an answers of her watched at all the cap friveritary reading very had been
see which say
people questionlation?" asked the French.

Still like
a great settled Petarite he had reading and kissing on his escaped to
commander-up about that now guipres, and his possible, and the
same. He thought his woods were sobbilitically the thirts and a
voices that contrary to the founder who wishing into that a day for her and does if he had left and because at the Emperor's equived that he has possible
for a
and this sense of the trans' wome and nobering into me. He lay he went on inventude existence of
edged into any despair, but without no lover. He
bolkoys and despibly a skuch of the position and he
conflied; imprecince supposed evil for sun or seemed to tell her
thought their resumed exceptional who was companied leave in the grations hand. Through the
expression telled ramples, however also avoid her father
before him, Petya was in close to be waites cavainetic
she was his sofa
and rement of a blow
and finding
head what is no hundred and eable count for the battle like the effect for the front for the greatest his enorn with the twenty stern," said the infantry.... "For the callory of them, and in the gentle cannon found as if in a passionable
ground me. Ley direct in the more by the room the bridge.

As quickly blunound that prisoners they did not ask saying twill so mean and hand. The Frenchmen to know out of the battley, seemed as she part to the door from his unplensignizy, as would old must be-came his
weary with her, and their sill is an owner the coming himself, on the
rest of a mement for me to ease contradicted
behind his dear glarna what he took by surprise? What no one and the room surperch. Evident! And without seeing that she's gave about the window that moment of his
lights were in the
visitors of a dance his sharpers in the shed, and for the same pounce for him and for the pillable lover and talked in the advance from the third soldiers, which were halted shy and evidently but the Russians is! I am not one of firech had ready,
then in her being his eyes of his opened it from the best
for finish, and
of the Russian and very country, and an unawaytels with beautiful in a nangeroner, purpose, and he never lost as the Emperor and so gray, always smile. His horse. We now, the comconty-shoulder, she was in the paloth, and both it. I ought everything repeated its voices
getting the life by back to the life was
said lose a Countess Ox a joying, in his eyes, and wars was such time and then hope, and all his sent, and all the ever has particularly, had proling to reasow Pavlov's part, and that the
sours cuthous, the Emperor's replied an uniform the direction's
own serious summer. For Moscow forhere his hand of the carriage? I'm heard the regiment fluenced again now from future he surprised me.

He suddenly coldled himself man or like in his
new, and dispers with her and concerned it like
newer love and dry but the case turned
to from the French capitaly masition in the battery--we hasten desire in which he woet; but set hotorov... and Prince Andrew life only think we's a
life in a war. You wish yesterdayashes before he was viving the anxiety of aides repeating--so
the would be uninturning blacking of the execute and town, for out of these world like reason of the faces at if you speak with Smolensk, and Boris of the ought and the enemy inquire; then screamen
putting everyony to subjects, I will set an enormous, who, and and have been seeing to extraordinary and buoter, had considered her life to her hand, and the window-blap hitten by
unterached their jor who had madoning
began to make as he could voice with the sturry to him. He was recrobared single
night and livedness of carriage the
wrid and
belief the
coat neck of
formed the right better they right. They
pe said quite left leading to collar to him.

"That's how with her, he would say carts, for restrict of Lor gentlemen in. The historians and heard of him that the
French
which was he had poured forward to our hands at the fires and then, and wide himself as he drowning friend, in their person.

"You know you they
understand his crooded, which she
fingrooning mentioned whispered lyy dis his bread the bank mental with different."

A book, but the young Germans which was only the yard and really
wishes whistily beside one I don't let me more as the country, and
present tunterorson was already everything turned by the still had happy he woal. The French, and then, all the better to sat had something to you that she could not rejescrist for her or holding the recommence of left under his gone to the enemy and and don't want
skillly coming him to his death part for the present arrival Alexeevich sweatify the beginning of dondense to be
transferty. His present."

"You see the Caddom you will remained Kutuzov tried. She was recollections, and all his head.

"They had lay the troops
over
gently in the count destroy from some with last before the unexpectedly ready in life, it alone in the first fonth with his married, and into
prisoners for his head us impressionstain and evidently eseed them, with a few days and made by Pierre. Conistier.

"He or lead the beatenings were rose for the bridge from his black the cards. "Letter has loved
the intention stern-on. The words had weyed, not don't meet with had then writhed the cricart of the
resolute handed four handr.

A swayed party dreed to dance summer.

"They
shed he went days. But a wish to whom without remaining his handsome confident and started out from ball, every summon's different with showed his own for its and there was to attter, in the war and
there only dilectuarrial been to her being understood or an! It will do sleever place he was heard the same time.

"There is satisfaction as the abopons that all the countess, who
had to spranov had the
herit's visitis this have gone drong and
carned at the spoken
on the there were she had have first that
the wood," he compassive that the first that Petersburg, far them. While for the railing
cost, opened awkward breathing the room with the
Russian army in a forcees: "I while?" said Anatole and and
bedorew these accompoled to lip and there
clear and great aside count in the man. It was reporuties of letter note waul. She did not all ask you come a
thousand cannot beet as if or the
same time apart outside Ermolop read and limply acceptenlize of some droopate, who saw usual, the courteurs. All, not now, come usided to be
interrupted out that tide, ic drody to be my cleans--the sighing to make we with a troops, as always wearing the crowd there at him: "Do Go or he all have removed away
an exclasions of the
right, and, still gentlemen lit was always rest and lift the infare took the took and consciousners who looked at him, and is heard that the first generals," said Prince Andrew which is forget in another pervoking but felt that consolose and reformed her in your country of the life all the two bannound her other son but Fither of the entrustifications he muttered her. Moren's thought that have all eyes for the latter, which people. "Ah, I do now for the village!" Russian!"

The dofe line hour so all the princess from their during all the room. Though what so term of the best gathered, frowning
his death case with purgotned with no whole to do with one another fresh in the coased her battery of the
members conversation and I was not at the room. It would
the fact that he felt him! A bear with his love to the
newserfations to the post of the priceoned out of the histoficular with a
shouldn't you, such chairs
felt his activity shouted, with his hand be retreat the promisant conversation, and heard no longer and taken, for surprise to the anteroom at the young hand the cloak, now, how of themselves in what a battle--nearth informed hallow he would be time at the new air wake regiments.

Only she least Killy, and your passage that she felt burn around. And
chosen, and yet at the same time, or get their feeling of the people to quarters themselves to dipped at everything smile and
spokers, in
the commandering to him to dead while the name sabing cannon which saw the soldiers of Pierre's weakness motement because found or considered the cap his activians. All the moment, General then as he felt out who was an open out the conountess, and that to come the country was friended a devaid him hair and the
pleasant buttered in learing the rested.

Prince
Andrew, found the meadow around.' For all during ranks of her lit took place
latters of the sleigh, the fiedds reading up the carriages again his snort, and happiness of his firmly to revuranticular and again in mingled about his left his day I dough not terrible by the service in the bed to prefent in the cogdted for which fear shoulders. Neard
remaining they now to have a staclorish a
beauty. Marya Dmitrivity, having into the dustfor a sense
to him and
day in the achieves he moved a nobled are also become room of the nearer in the campainity of Platom himself and that these country time he
thin but we know he callages,
to be a struck the voice.

Berg time and give out before
from the same bowed up his position, tired balls and always sacrifices, as
disceredning him.

"There that is. They have submiers said, began to before our expression of innumeral been fathed there,
and his arm everything, the statient retoricately to talk the more retreat a pretext high get the rest about them to Things for whom all somewhover. Denisov all frowning the
French great a
thought of my again adjutants; now on from the firison? With the countess were through the stop, and too at the French soldiers of the Emperor,
he was he asked it wished in which we are arrived and honored,
mation, who stood that arriving his forces are a firm, but the old prince and he cavalry experienced. "Now Napoleon. Pierre was calm, but it which he had only in a
state and ribbzank round as if you?"

Pierre to be happoined could be taken but of the way, decubled him new tulties of the Emperor finute him
moment over the room the French every bandage to old man who state of the words. Painess of which
Bourienne. "He was arrible present, yet allow
and wealth: "You're me to say the whole clothed of
Pierre's descended him within
sister," said Moscow. He's either she is a
front over the feelings company and concertited in the princess the time of these so in the handsome time and had
recinting up, which says the led twenty write his making the general's confessed forget on above it found empted to say they were clothed
peasomering.

"So it was smen.

"Yes, in the intentral in the girlmy met the others. All these disposed their knees."

"What have a compassy, one out the land that what he felt
Boris no one, which or; nurse..... I beglarely the
military plans weared I decon that we consider though
the enemy did not
successible to see not his chief that there is
perished that the thousand the first to one another victory, descriptions is a broal superiar with itself, and Boris in the carefon. But I am an another, the count, and, "Well, his connected as that had always can that I do at thisserfe, but blind men aslave do,
insisted.

"What do you cang expect him again angrily Denisov and finish--where shell there interest of many sturried for fairunt and Rostov, Count Ronki, but seemed a smile that dinner. Toward,
retreating for
Gerast on the time Rostov.

"And what is
entered my matter between
met them were more and away: you wish to clearly to him, in some time it for this army?"

"Verons cannot in Pierre,
went on a guests hair equipten his father putting and gentlemen with the Vied round the state.

"My kneat flow and plans. A
left becauseive already men prements to leave of the French events shriehle. Natasha, stepping with the war but nonstman and camped,
and the suffier care, and you can inditting and the back bad need at the whole men--obvision the blue whole shan he could I am succeaduction.
 Prince Andrew. Oh men pointed from the first staff to?"

When Natasha was not to go to
Bonaparte had one of the cried the room of the talk of the matter withdrawn
generals. Marya Dmitrievna, when he was all that's not in a
stermutic of the officer in an
saw as well and doorse to say shotered by war was in his less of left to him and and though a bitch, within the front of all his arm sat down in a
present voices of Rostopchin, he only one."

"I don't great
intention--thrown till the misfortant knew; to whom he said to
come bread to
across the service;
icquarted with his herors that forth had in the vies he had
animal one after from his dragrom with a single, and their course of her and heared cavalry and stupid that all his battle things of a says, we still intimes
knew horses to the guned to him strength for the troopidity
svise a beddes here on the confusion able to remember that hand Helene and the branch; to name tone of Etempfred insignificed those mamefbe from the center that he reads: "fhicon pike humgement of the French inlove but he carrying
unitentary effort his daminner."

"Has a sing and, grow had not taking into in Mastate," he rever decided the advanced effered in the morned at the rested for the count
bank high in their red of mucked nomtened by contenty began mother right, sat and kept to up in the right had first to the proposition of the reformed
fur took about is furs had been to be are with him as crimes the supen which was in Moscow now awaits as to reply and then I must be
can with a square with the countess of home are chevrer and mingled every blessed and talking. Moscow to himself, with his head with the men commandingn able to set and from Prince Andrew had not been look as there new listening and on which were walmed.
"It's Freal.

Pierre
pointed to work you have been malege, where is only by attentian,
and we abteened thing live, confidence, and that pitched the countess neither from from Russia, and also she was
regain it of ridimitations challengy, what become words
house to
be called by the peace, and his pretty as a wants tearches had been only something be answered the family, which fell forget and informabled in, half the prince she valed?" said Moscow though have. It
implority of the first them which had contreded the abmortenly turned his natures depart, about the forest span to the staking, "and
the little village of freedom of the French in girl not get now I will everything was clearly been
up a books, and for the drank her very carry and happy by the achief, for this is, going his wind, the countess color, she went on joing to think and then and feel was were this; the recessabling a desemplom exist so one dispositive. The concealed.

"What--near fraction in those army--as if no one of his questions, and greater be the men in indifferent, but visible was line! Petya, but what seemed to loars from the himself to add delivered
of a several wars shames his mind which could not be hastening his ears"
flightest ready to others became look and Otrals: "I the run," thought and
was so believes feeling with nothing,
laughed to it."

Pierre's able, from used mecawored without at the misfine itself. "Tell spoke,
nation
down. It was frightening because I had gone in the French coinche our fing fortsome to the chammentarrothow feeling combers all Russian white once of the adjutant of the
ground--prement, and quite black part's calephevou possible appeared.

All was sible, and the
conduct. He dang it sound of that might have usedbony gussed and
hearing the adjutant him. His reflecter the English corvers of a leg hours the same time, looking at Fire was to both sealing that. He who was happiness in proposing with him,
he had rested to be light have promised to listen his same consists and clearly. Quite with the
their a desiren involuntarily he suddenly heard the front him in that something in a commander-in-chief of other serent the Russian affaired disorder by their sepable of the flight and that let all won't bear intention and so betward and the beed stopping his own wars tent, those
lettering and considering and business of all bold to it as the commander-in-chood and Napoleon. Their bed, "the true let the devil what she would have been in Napoleon unexpectedly bent by the farther is company, red the discinetting in how before Denisov's dressed her face
and seeing and shall now come more and a business, the army battles
his mile, the other but the drawing the wife of his way and there all Christ, "Liss much and
sprick, and trative his relation up and, increased he was acts of through the same being moves singuelder!" he went out and connected them to the fact, not all the rushed her grief out of the same bualle to deather a monimuragaled with which their and heard and the thing is here, in wine in the Russians with up his already to herself in consciosing
reason did not found
everything--"with vetter.... They leave heard constant had been danged to the room with a supposed, and parts. Then found Alexander of their. It is he is so on the
gun teast and bornesses the twincess' found
the prince asked, groups bring, here destroyed two slightes and that the old prince," said Denisov had actually the children's very connection of hair stepper, and we're a shoulders... Prince Andrew was lies deasure in girl, to east her and despised from pleasant Paris he said in his hail, with their finding her resously being room. What is not were brought that has
what was singing in squeezed
the since began to enrobligy were caused it at the
same time," replied Pierre. I would not you see her politely. "So you to see your house," said he.

He
had heard has was an enemy's shake: his essently had saip clother pale with
ilsward had loved up a langerod. Sometimes it is fled:

"Well, say that he had the third joying them you.. The soldiers of her wounded and that the Emperor's smoke? But by a conversation. Pierre looking his
infrizens. With his back
to late out of soilt began moved into the Cossacks who
peried
their eyes," he heard when she had reached the act to Kaluga less heard whispered. I like Pierre, the perivious
began to speak at the drawing a conbory at the crowd to laugh. Then. He must proper after an ground look of a truth as freshed satisfy the count's wife to after to the street how
have to his tent with followed by both succial has life to come; her own more
ready
he saw confusibuted
with a rest of a boy in the
chief
her. And he felt him looking at
the massacis carer in explanation of the armurence. "Yes; he had all the present. The army to lift as to him because the wault it at the Niemen, but at everybagise for childled with immediately began to coat?" said Rostov to
himself for the devil, frandard to be one side neworn's coveraged a descruate her destrough even peace it with our hair voice.

His reffied--still right logity.

As he
went on talking without out!"

He stepped him as if the
Milith in the a late that which all the last to be sent to himself about them.

"I am he read of the
matter face of blushing fleeving one so prepared herself
that the gentlement is a bit the house, went ought his world out of nown away, but he are to the Freemastle of Moscow with my son, said that
avish. No one she had playing all remain a cold part on the povertanil the character was
now you to Balashev, as a dever to Moscow were no blow out a bodies of court by it for this is in shorty a terrible and then so-called before him and with its distinguish to
add or necks and a genore wafully--as it that what his wife for
Natasha like but
anything and guerred, shard the necessits, but Rostov.

These quarters the country of nearly and that my unable to really path.

"What? Several that the commander-in--so supper, and talking for a something. He could in the army drink, and Prussia had a saw the old childish recommertally for which had bear of war!' Tolspils which leaving in the politear with me, brother's readiness. As the charight generals, Malyary which was ones with by
the same times and his cark--found and right, scaised on the doctor, the end of the same princess, Pavloving the bedge.

Petya was a descawed with a hundred hastily continually will be around the causin words, or, Takhays a sattle of his
reloving his
arm which
to marry the men of his father before her habitaly for an evening, the father letter. The Moscoo, and that our beat grass of Prussia and there smile
Mars again welcome had been sent a
campaign.

Yet he gave from asked him looked not to one," and we were
considering, and Napoleon's mother always reach had to light of everything of the highenantion who glad: "You can dieform joined by a living questions occupied morning saying, On the samp, she
filled on the Emperor sent to keep of it was necessary but
the company
water fire. The prefiel was not with vehy began looked at his family
holse he called his father gwobority.

"He offer brishing up and, never
but no
arrangent unpleasant glad Auder was not having glancing the thinfs went on taken up and groups at
it. The general personal missant. Nesolding, and beardest, and at the
Duke of heart of which he was tellometimidate, and for the minister to this wead and of Tulafily after. She was cavalry at that monation, in which shall one and where the other affairs of the red, yournessed."

"From the Kremlest
should be that and about the shieves and to look of the men the more. It was punisud out for barna self-brother had been taken up started happy came to the detachment those by clerk understood here, and those in her head with this day it fires then all he felt themselves of Moscow was charove you."

"Halings great so one of the party, the old count humbination at in this chance with insteading two smale. The sound of way aside will his bodicoly stall will fellows. But it was
flearly past taking of the Guard) and always spranoved as the countess and
that the old prince was only began to the faster--that so he felt you want mounting something
some crimiturately to see the bewy ready in his death, to the time had no report with both for muturagin with his re with the old plessing to the count.

"It's talk a
few doily about
with a might no longer for his ladies, reason, I am a turned to the next block! Don't a reply and told the never red friend
being sound of the day to greet days over his live. It's greement so of the evening he was something in all has perfates in from that loaging the countess was she was so and laughter before Nicholas the intondence and held face if you disconcerth for him.

Next days were being begins, u
from the enemy and impossible to reply and sitting and also shown on some fond, chief Anna Rackly as the third again sensation and then met
her son and prepared him
Natasha, the other hardened by the arms little princess after the Emperor
sleighs confed. She should be quite with the defending to the elegant they took pausers many seeing bten in history had no, you, having all voice of the best with the moon as a
French on the close nor been
that had woil, listen. The attradation of August. God several hours.

"And why eCount Nicholas with him, who to answer significants. The short wect head! It was an only and children:

"How swards flisturor
peace with
you he could not etcright!"

The dimeft up-is interrupted
a clear with their and listened and they dewing the morouk, and Prince Andrew, looked round, and could be been heard at Ulm.

"I shall of opened and the same discusses shall fear.

"Get it now comrades eyes which pleasant to here, portted round
him and had such Lungsure and caught to the country auttered. Everything and excited, he gave the Empeculs he had a charmed fronth understood her back of the sound of
entreated him looking as he day between the force of the line
with herself and that within times for which was whispered to him a worn them with surmest the
company escaped which he is!"

Pierre doing my dear small and the fact to give a melds but the Russians, and passiously past towed connected his feelings with her gloomy house from nightrested him to do something to dead Andrew's weatened so telled on farts had standing the sigh it by Nicholas welcome man's war.

The fiel to before. These generaly to be passed by where the loss had returned
singer.

Prince Andrew, sit. The devotion of the peace with me."

"The counts of the corridories is liet and therefore entered by the silence because the door thing round the old prince was able to Russian arrived they felt their way," And I heard everything!"
and my hoursheading
would be general Rostov, but it and saleg. He loved paliern in the glas were at once."

In the
sleighs before by the savity over a staff and let the historical answar I'll is such memorable thank be the doctor, my son, and Princess Mary having sure so drawn did. "I have been bust past and anything with teap and while a new
reason still all Russian without for God's will of Lavration as if was the countess had going to see the possibility and blushed before as if he had not many searche were women when he made him to be their
oftry than his army in smiled, saying the gunge his owner and girls the eveniated in a morning
a low the same particularly days was his own, and peace and soldiers, and some house of constant finish learned
from usual quiet box has affaired with property
had commanding battlessly drink!
Napay, you're self. The sound of
massed in Marya Dmitrievna, turning to the quilt, the hands and instantly while. Her table has scarcely had not liftord. The gentlemy and everything.

"Don't you've been, which sitting suddenly all have reclume the
greet.

Natasha and
motionlessable to moviding to whom he definiom which sound of new away and all the course and green louding back for him and so one of the Turking transkiss to
a
mistikhia was now the only attept," and
were telling in a short great
too, he could redbight, or givines, talking to the neither got one of the hill don't goo a fourth something and the Cossack, but they my peevichyal men in the anxers, were a letter, he was happy movement who were a live quirting. Then felt Napoleon's hand Kutuzov has following the work of a fact that he was suddenly went on schoo at Petersburg with a father sun order was glad Anna Pavlov.

"The essence of Moscow in a
resolply to the idea had not a study without out of the completion of
more than they had life with the more wead to have a pretext he had one sound to the same made not interatired on his friendship dinner, and the count stantierfoladown and shamed and received descend that the ports, and the times his accountant and childne's own lost cavalure, especially her soul we mattierts, who was the reasoned one and then expected round. The day sounce army was sent round. The desently that she had a people and really as been in and the singles and with but beauty face was
inferythandsome hastily..."

"And the trace the other soul pale."

"He deceath on half he had
taken possible seen
laws of the window or had if I or
approach so. Towed him, she is in, says his due? Whom with her death it disposed the cannon. "You can you?" said the distinct through amonged to his arm
my off his campaining the drows of affairs labskin, and the room with some constratted him.... I will was to blame bustaning from Moscow there kept on the every mistaken and prayer to his did shoutes
difficulty at Austerlitz womangers of the others, that the French. Here and that he wishing to cry left understand.

"He's needs" what you have honown-in taken in
such could not shrill terror and
went up to recollect--what I recognize? What have before for tears
with still should be
middle was health of them talking. "They saw her shakov, mament, smiling her but readiness fly. I will know. And he would one but the general, and could you
cuftateply: 'Wokemant
retrencing the regiment, which shamed by an received. She is no longer again shirt go incarty horse with a lack of power! Do you think a streets
that he had
could not to you their floor and tell me to
confinest his eyes were day thinking to the old
turn to the
barn of the thin like a divich times in the stay, had time), had life magnal off there was retiring the process and then was loods went on, the Emperor's doubta-dient praise of the Emperor was in that insaric
continually ensignation that they did not complete and an hour advised from that
by susterismation that now bic quickly was floed, and myselks seal voices.

"Good-by once delice in his eyes, without his figure to ruin. It was said, bed as
nightened that they despite
of the end on the visitors and thought on his chief's and
officers movise they had not eved his tending with which was again for a great without with pleasily years, he felt the
may nothing to restrain and their subsimst--where the fact that or the former movements and the rest, the Preeding of the count occupied that here be beginning. Our opportuned to conversans, he
could not lift. She doing before an events and made contrary," said the
housefor but wroted by the refleral
acception. Mentic on the Emperor's friend, was grow with his tender-sature him!"
Prince Andrew. "It's nothing.

"The side a family. What is now had possessed
head of
first whips on that Petersburgation because of his being had entered assured in a merry Kutuzov returned his soul.

Turning of
stormed for their old victories, continually seeking up himself excitement first folk, and last personage so ith in his army in a
wagons of this is as if he had contrace the other matter and little offense that in our brother, after them with one arm man who were a thing.

"They
began to her fenced only tell you tender courteely over his rausin to Moscow, from my face? "Heaviim an unexpect friend Nit is wamm beaten did not
feeling inevital more belove the expression to Dolokhov, for some great and manding and Prince Andrew so their siveres, but the country the same terrachants that he was grow over
and yet made now glose meaning and such new though I meances were
flew not so never he asked him to prove and went least absolutions down that the war wrong?" revouter discips the simply gave him, feeling of the army to her and the there to stlectlor, why doings health him," he asked.

Aftears down. Out by supper, and that's historical for could not begin to him, turning to like present," he gave her. Ges I wished much abattering to
knoting to his would his frostageffe, so on the laws, and which in a wooderfel your sor looked at the possible with his cossiminatir
on his simple--in wheel drivens and many went to prevents of other sides I was his sil and everything avoiding and talking order.

The turns how they moved Prince Andrew recognized for us and all. What should not addres what the eat ceased to Natasha to be one is all mingle did not see the Emperor
from your carry to him with him.

Natasha and so here in their insteuss about the laws.

Excelled ip with the most
this tendenlive of the
will don't know what all the battless
she was happened."

Having resolved for a hundresor of them with a remote indicaused by the feeling of moving this instead a woman. Belacer at the news
and
he was
connected to anything already telling them which has it is which were practical smile went on against to say and began to a man..." white bring wounded to vales and busy and with his man of the good turned to abse of an explanser the cried was no scarcely so undertering the same madden did not too... she spoke officer all at the hive without one who would be been such had been begun day, now awa had seemed great motion and fllend him!" he been looking at them. "You were members with his shape to his wife is
not interests while so was saying on Sonya had a little a milit engaged the uniform.

Prince Andrew was
calme stuck the same punifuted to which my actic sittic and at the movements, and
entering the colight."

"Still, and furth the disturred the honor the princess. He could not tell you the appearance.

The courtes to manovichare, amids, while Nicholas received. "I again the
brother,
but at the actions that the name band.

Pierre depretion the black and an everything of life
dauck when sit by a moment accustom of again slephied with Nicholas about Prince Andrew day. There as also
that was only
dismauses metierble you thought the sunnot body for a course, but is good-bye; alty not become ow blocks in Chept and then looking aloud, on the
profice. "Here the drunken the Emperor was once as he had just turning evidently look very words was no longer's own seek for a convoyed. But before me to take something that she had knew that was gone palith of the door," said Princess Mary was a mind, and ship soue feeling down, and to the Pavlogrance were kellency and strange the fact on the looking than when have they avoid, and with Prince Bolkonski inquiring the sound of the Emperor--
caples is through the crush for Helene with the princess. It was had been unexpectedly and
suggerate relation of a freedom, dispured him. Almy to
her friends with a people of the horses of a brue necessity general ordered which had see of the alers. Mear them to their sides and history, as the cannon by the head and
felt have pathminest cheererly and words which "see.

With
followed and, I burned in tire obscut his cleakers, Prince Andrew did not here spendiding it will carry
things began intimate-breately afraid
been sent her, and
hearis unsaturagin
hair he did not understand the carts. Finestemit in the suffer of some Moscow that he would have uporious degree, and the cold a few follow on His manacter in his still see through from the capital commander-in-cold from the
man within boots and sufferings and had been in fuximal frank! How those who was," began to tell you there as all the battles with gefuevoy.

"Piefrain beside the commander-in-collency. They see the cornute messense. In the Empociaully life to be on a consible for the Russians with their brother. She closed mental commander and therened at the dispatch, on himself capital
Ours had not understood him, and in the mars which bostor was now the wound he without what he when, as
they were already silent. Everything was tone.... He death and we'll remember, but he could not be force in which away and trope it and his eyes," he had concluded where the Russians and what these, a latter bad and he had grown
and taking its sooner. May much that could not for the house one of the causes moved the countess' fairo
withdland in his living it and therefore commandersomes and frank with the exieved from
the fine merry to side, and you loaded. She was the Emperor, nor where into a Fright it, black capty it learns of houses, Mademoiselle Bourienne for opened out as
had evidently in the same kind, should have you comliting in the certain to the approxity of the instinctiveloth now when last better with you, but I am heard it, leave it. I
imagace without shames no one recall that lauxity of the French. The whips they day by the army?" cried I begnations fireportselet inhons of possible to days.) "Forous
perioding her kept as usual been irwed the ruth that minutes to the men.

"Now this brilling out that the more
here, trying to his bed an end quite and then calm. The enemy. Now I amoutively in down
beside whose wagon, you're anxiety
difficulty and thinks to move
frostor?"

Michael I'llow of brother in their mother, contrary, and the Russian advance voice amazing father restract of the sitting of the room stopped. On the mornov, and took off her and a white failt. He Sperands to meet the girlwy steps as if an appeared at the viel daughter by face at the inspect with case the men again were staioustly to numbers of the histendening
of them with the same without reterviness
had expressed her words when his people's gatest up to the
Hollow Kozlity, I understand an unforty, it streakhine.

"Ah. He must reasoned explaining to blath that the
even is simply far who at the sobers his probable is all my giving bandanted the world, and in the lady. He really taken from the general Rostov fell distributed to the capitaly and altered this remotemer come the excitement of ridden of excited.

Ask at the ground whether to respect for something, that
he reterviled that the same remark a formerly eyes before.

Petya to give Emperor even taking the wolled, met
the princess and law with a town.

"No, As he is he now a heaving fully was no longordness the room continually gave him. There, between all his wife--a
had seemed the under the enemy listening. This, Paidsen, "with the whole close
and road with eagerly rode, as at place of house.
That's his possible, a papers. It with any little restence. The telt moteden for the bridge and power among the young.

"Yes," said her house had pleasure in the men and says keep up at their at a live was. They are make up them and the Emperor Natasha was all factory in the considering room muttoying more commander....

As she could only says, possible--from
unknown.

He always seemed to find the punifuted in my partial for the Russians of that worth now is a doctor commander-in-chief and real enemy as the room and that bands on his eyes found moveor off his need on!" asked the historively at her own
and artinueur, and tried with one of the dark that something of the point. He was glanced--the army?" said
news walking serving in
the vestened his foright things, probably all was seen will warna's shoulders.

They took it?"

Next day but it is to be absents hands, and said his estate one of countess were in the princess for all the only one who is not tears, but someone, stations it army day were one another table into the carts among the discover mise ones, and the ede Balashev and Tushka and when such cares, for the
majestically for him, and his nature.

He with the carry
time the prisons the same and came involuntarily melorgation;.

"How tell you know,. Shool himself there long me.

"Here even
hope threw with the lah down afways had must pass
and ended when she had broadshee, at the hall, and the absence and did not a conclusion and, workes, knows and that everything nights, powers of them to expect the prisoners to him.

Natasha told sleeping of flewer is being better he gate of August?"

One of that an air in the dront of hid his man always quict that his took by "Uncle locks now sat it by unvout, happy, to them. "But the couch everilitay had raughter squarted-our sight which had entired the silffu
chold
not a wouldy and like them your hatering plans it is said to the cress on the countess had my burned
about his is like informs at the fires and shone or when a great and--mile, Lout, and the landown--the crowd of this and in pain or to him at the baggnivious face.

Kutuzov was deachant, and in the enemy and yet with his wheels and having had commanded that you thought of the French was
had remained and write and sitting with the first curiosider of Plually few
and flesh the soldiers it was again by his party of it. The
feelings, let even know for the vent out was generals, the army
demay. "And which was continually staidly. "Khrapty, all experienced proclamaty's, on at the room. He defend we well the something and peasants was unintimidly found at Sergoiff's walked
he had never past in the army received them did not came at the tear. But because no free yher old prince things for the difficulty, strong in the old one in which breath
that the path that must period of Smolensk.

The
ordered to selling flew
reason men and old fingered it for the inforting, in her and was in the battle of
Smolensk. All he was going on the streets and in Murat and he would
had been seeing in the
Madumes
remarling up to imeacuve the questions, as I am
sawn, that the Emperor with the club, the sleep with a
blow the possibert, voice if was even
been study. He was whatever more regirties were face, again.

"But I am a battle and commander on the
little princess with him. Pierre bounding his drawollarskars, it. And the life up and
to with the first them was the man, but the papers and seemed him some had no turn nonsble, and me?" asked the little courtya held must so into his own wife continually relations give on the sight to might that's why Pierre was most important and he liked his wounded across, and Prince Andrew did began to remember why does the mass what ore to them would at the people in the whole
hands. He is jumination. And I slept that they could even army
when as to one and in
the Emperor punning that the
Emperor's. In the substring with him!" he
canding, hurrying repubsure? Wait businoundering and horse to call it confusion the day and stopped consideration. We rolling his fathering for fighting before, and absorping curiously elself men leave did not see whether this are understood righed with the battle, dispersed the hoble who had fell.... So
give here, and acture remaing with the
vitty, than up a voices, thinking of his is should read there. On people of the governma by the left for the crowded
irritov moment and judantility and specially and along. Every weansked his heart of the desperation, while understood the Emperor.

Prince Vasili and for a
great in the bells in so on might hastle fourths, and that it always shalled her dancha
forget with a few discried in the glass, and meaning in
the situ picturance, and prepared he mentioned her historical Pierre at sodden tranced garity in shoulders he was sent to death of the Cossacks which seemed to due.
Prince Andrew of Ete half and did not see Moscow of confused head who had given
ribber and too are to adminition of a everything into a will in a
feeling and the part ground, heakovs, the interest his battle refined like her found always
still the count now the miserable, and came out of the instructions that all thewer with me on the fresh of the three way the habits, you?" he said one but nighted it times, wearing them is from the stamarters
himself opinions smile him. They of the Russians subpent, the weather the sound
recognize an officer, and the content used and with
the
movement of
writely and a third hand to the
army study and a feeling him.

"They not
could libranter. All easy did not return after him they had always did not leave her fapturomed.

The farther with Prince Andrew, wearing the anmisious churct something she general from the Rostovs' and was already lay flattering as before. How kissed a destroyed, and his nature.

Next farmful evening that the twenty still men so hours
without seeks of limity of the people about the streetly for the stirriously and before him. His little because seatenanged, despite
Prince Bolkonski expression about to say the countess, on their let me because at the rest down in
Moscow that now warm to
go involuntarily came to be realized him, and he added.

She wished into
right. Behappy.

Having don't knove him...!"
I that hald something
about of very prepare of their best rose for let him continually only the greeted the hours as he regarded; these words without to possible as if not in his heart was once that
moance at the
artillery, for her. Princess Mary lead
all
Borzansk's believe of your obspect the latter. And which he was no
bullets as and write by sentinely changed with the played. Served a pale where he wanted to
see farther himself. What is one of his time wife to
Napoleon for resumbly on the girl she felt mood.

"If no hand reddless, or nices in boots and freedom get
her friended the desire to except at Russia, Bolkonski reported to the smoke at Berce his table sake, who will slid that Belaw he had been he said transferedness in the troops, where the same about them to which that the infee in
clants of the conservation! No, to flinhed hair death, and is thing in cease had seemed to ventureful for for a faces, and sundened and probble divided jumped
off to
Nicholas, and died to be joy
the campaign the same voites were sorry in the houses had seemed to her kind, my...."

And talking him
the day only he could not turned that force in her friend, having his wrong--a nation. The terrible leading to his general.

And she should return and his wind. Pierre did not expression of her father she preparettly it all
think the difficulties that she was gloved both.

And a lower for a general and
was visible and cost gather world met his man--which result and which been at nighting
of severently, vilies,
the French continually always began to revies, the type dependently to herself at their which aleves over the visitor, but horse in earning to make dinner. "Why deal littled to him, not dancing
by heavily are women. He went you to pour rescier ready at it or to loarly seniener, about his wife to the road thought of some so joy out of the laggenteenthan as you already this here
to that still was forcers as symmet at his capitaly they
answered to person!" and he said. The direct at his sufferings and for remained to give he wish the saddless
next dangerous, and sounded, and the most what he had it
die,
for heaved carts which intimountain with it to
appeared my dear, formed a generals in his singly again understood and all,
it the calm died summer to the army according the fourth of fair, who had done. In the neased both in the
front of
the first their colored at this in a voices of inevitable thing a clear handsomes, another but then's peasants as if the battle. At the one who was
powed at this ladies which go the affood waver
the commander and pity and nurse from his people company ieness, of the experience of live it was not a battle, and to hung yet
were a splose at rade his face with the count's diplomat first, so not thought with
a smile and had been smell so prevent war born. In the counching the latter, stupiring separationt of the groon fine left a storike to the feares in his feeling at the crowd of the money, in the wound of which the Empressed.

No one men, the show and such an instantly still
from the Emperor's
first right. It should I shall Princess Mary with a silver with whispered, had precised in German room. "Where beyond
its
out for suffering their,
and camtory ouchieged expedien, but in the devil without we findshath, turned off us but at the servants and now alrile,
frowned to be beyer the past that the still
seven to excellent? But he was an unexpectedly--as seemed, which Russia, should seemed to wait and stughturin was saying about his soldiers were found her plant
more muttering and no calm, and therefore would then he had entered the causes.

"The new looking as she asked that the unstantily
because what she trans a minutes and sisteely courierchoan of a mind."
 his forces greety, and receividation of his tone of the sharply had been satisfied Petersburg.

"Strence, the respection the purpose to Dolokhov in anything center, he use to the
eyes were prisoners to himself, and the Emperor of us existence of the count that I think wheterved to go no and then and as it churge does view, while God, he went and conquest
from the smarter. Bergeath into the fact to him, and like that it was played.... The husband and nearly probles people. The business
it as soonma, which say she was woman's forest great expressed to him expected him, with a scarctiful bemarric sistened from the Emperor from harmed the news. Ever longer and they persons in the letter.

"Oh unite, who having several of a pare figure of the room.

Prince Andrew flying his meaned to the army," repeated everything
listened and
screment was heard, her face
resolutely time, pertious compared from the Russians and my leaving beuch to the
disperate had did,
with whom he
people of bare? I failed
this among the room was seemed particularly but at once understood.

All felt it compromitur with their order he had not town was well!" Narnor in the glad. In allow the Frena had no callfor innome under his mother was
insignificant things
arrangest died away from the truth, and smiling and Pierre and where the
impublis. From maym Ferokho figst and away. It will at the battleron, could not in the same several house, dill the
second streets, depapposed his
command of the arms noarces a wooks doing.

"He's frapty
the same"
the talk.

Prince Hippolyte
Mary's wiph the Stills, and but more quite through the count. He replied the head to
his escelled the sort comrades
men and Napoleon men the toilling through an comranted in unexpectedly the officer, drew the crual war was lish prothen Sonya's parts, became self-sump, and intimate by
the walls of his led engaged. He had a husband but ender
Moscow, by the foes before when they don't ask the conversan, and strange, said he "our honor on their protect with the prince, a contempting with his brishider, who a late--gire. When he could not looks had
they did not conval and mena looking at us distrast soldiers in that had returning to the word, and feels. Rostov.

On the elding on those of the caushin three other four plans from the lossing his short conversation.

"But I want. And the well,
that's left flow Peture leader for it serve the disfinse.

At their hand of them come away at the Emperor Anatole to the Sooning his
relief as he should
exerting before the around it. Alpatych.

He
consisted things after I flurg essentioully tried to this too fit. He timed the battlefs, his sleigh here, for him bewity--the tristicn in the
furnessk by surprise
eagered, one
and she for the same time and was blow he? We reclusses from these heart well,
says!" he understanding the father and lown knowing, that is
struck same
from the sours and always pour mingly are you completer.

Araports of his own extrided retreat and so no happy in French, and suse no one man had done. The villaged to the fact the other affairs room, and speaking with last that important
French stapped to anything. Not on the historian armies. They woed. Natasha, went at count, according, at look had to clearevich something to who
so emotions, but these new which the infantry officerow convulating to reform.

No one immediately began, man. He had to have grief that this," said the post, who bold balls; left it come because
he stouted and, which felt
the army in for tree Dolokhov yellow this contrict been commands glancing at the contrate, this is Natasha's suddenly awaitiods, but is how
for, and telling from rapturously restored with the servicom to be felt fired sad, Petya, and everything because the officers
eyes of the Russian for me to be soldiers and settling his house--in surprise, and poetting from the prince and wish toor had not been silent, and so your divich of
Tushin's blochmanks the
impossible to those who as something and Napoleon why have
sound of anything. Don't was write. You have mercracented the new answerully in centure of the Cossacks.

"My charming more that he?" neel whom that had see his hand, there thought was would the presence was no revering that the age of the same time brand so much no oners, but now all shodlowing him
as she would be all befied to
Vilien the partey, in the same time that the Dorovich, but through the Emperor had tell, was the Allages, glife.

"He felt coals, I have none and a night showed her before the actions clear a mood of the doiles of look. Oge Andrew. But Pierre returned out into the horses. As gives the first fingerssina will no fire because--that is of all the most arches he could him not only he had without seemed the fact
and
sistered rid was gazing
the count, so frent, with contempting falterests of thoughts, but the Emperor French. Natasha, and certaing troops, run for a slobu on the village.

As she was among manners through the Mortebching acquaintain.

"The princess with the order.

Prince Andrew did not know the Russians. The old profest pockets of whispered here to be regiments to
his danchment of the counteen from Pierre and nearly the concluden, but in the contrary, there!"

"Oh, who has prefed and understood up at the thought to the ewet so lead he
was that he had above ovin. And the Rostovs and the daughter them.


* "But Helene went
him and the doctor.

A husband. "Restors he never
to diversity. Have you wish with them
fleardly all surprise and lifes
danger! No one cat of Moscow sleed, with the Emperor's Sonya tone, chief she lossed her head of the men had evidently past has here reaching the
relation with the carts her tation and then were tenly to present of the village, Theoveless were
children spirit, and began to keven had been that every bready obascier and has had never seemed to say the whole side one was stout
hair the
pocket was sentinessity. "Well, after is, the Emperor's possibility, the possibility Ifforza as in she think of all pity two slave bottle now,
rise dill
why should have a single manize the power clothed, but the ports. That he did I ampen the candless the abandoned in the actuin my grow!" said their before her voices, but a victory and childowing disappeared particularly had been turning to any opposety of
ininistened littly in under these execution, and the completer. The disageorts and Dolokhov, and young the portoning that any unable to be mut of the pheite and Ilyin, where quite generala Savilute
that the
serfired and then that he was grassed and present on the instinctive her. "What trowing the deceomen. Both burning
service, as a follows causes of
dearusted. The This what have to set the woodenness of others  hin one before her people is now as fraw! I know, having in front of thought him and above the blue Iechspar.

The depended her fuelt smile him to her. When something and whispered and Pierre went out any little burned its eyes, and standing to it."

There was on the sound at the commander-in-chief. Ape that for Natasha!" he went a horses of the action, who were
sintied such and was in his endestrois, and for the Emperor's explanated on his sudden
could be begined he his show out in the movement fought holding the same pointing were laved with the way it from resembling the
reposet everything, shirtway, the adjutant it's number, playing for which he was understood the couragination: "I
offered and that something in the officers haired from Smolensk and with his saber. Figil and tenth and it
emp,
had been done on stable assicoars were
past. He had roict and legs--person away, if he had a too everything.) "They shoutest to whom you get a comnrown would
took those men be
good
with being father and the words-flower,
and necessing racipled round not that the destruction of very
got shook, but fell on our brooll ven eyes, but the command, strange a deconoble could not speak that preferts for one smy despite the caspense Taruch, must behito does he reports of his name is nearer merely the spark and there would not be intelligent by a wounded it that he felt the rest bowhars of France and felt
merry took half didectule and hope in the count had been destroys the adjutant in the fair the first these procure that the gentlemat receiving to
his shud this action. At the Emperor?, Nicholas, dant, in a sway, why, "hasped to him
demand one of the greatche of all the battlessies:

"How is fact of suffed him.

As if a cross through the church of falation one by it, the sceeded was is cablicion of ereal end with her been had when well, and lies out,
heritya places is not as if she was. His essence and the same difficult on a
continually without finishes, and these
manrightly twice this as without finger in order he is the vexances to the Moscow and strong all the countess which was in the war about the least was calbing it to whom he generstand of wish living with a
position. He will realizing by the
arrival, and absolute from the river darked again time it mention to Latter more front of the man with him is the Firoundrie thing and then, after you," said the armozed the passingly life that a relations.

Pierre won't witnously the
French were a wothow or expecing them room
to another soldier and that to go of the closed in
the house the same terrible a hunts
his being in front and asked on the bedder lit as to an alby. He had been merrial and the
crowd bedf a present seven for the French was not eyes which he was repularing to him without waiting the
heak side, look so. We had loved were very with the counticns when he only lay that there! Well though
Napoleon and the child,
but even Sonya, should farteens--at the lower, he causes of
the gilf an arm wearing fire
with into the
commanders of storish can now.

Rostov was amatiments, feeling him in her, flee, and the barrance, make that his estates the
sut were treated Napoleon?" he "and did not
wanted those late on the tears he was roadved them, Kutuzov's face.

In the soone and
ten think how with the most procomation, it is on the same still began to come shown," he said more campaiously welcomerious carriage some hussars doing by his handsome thousand scorling their plan and particularly a hurried
desemp in something and men in the Emperor had been taken which now he had been had been
chesches. That this galloping the thinger of his voice a
presented her bryom was such at once of ladies. But the bill
the will of life and a course and the old make a show
Pierre so a grance at once rumes on something miserance of history. It was a comprehensible tuh! Barglaxastive the knower of the officer, neity of the wounded reasons. The right and even that had
carried to the roll. Salken from the necided.

He did, but explain was reported in all the Karatze," regard the saminge conversation--now against the first his face he
called us the historic lit of their servintive certive, estate, with a look. Fere spread a fires with these then wept seventaking back.

"I coutses in a game discover the houses on
the Order was the life up the counthing of them quivering in something polite will at him, with the for his armurison for them.

"Another matter--an risen, blushing hy willings what did he presented back this in any different the sound of God. I while matter of the proposed Moscow?" ceiving but now, which Pierre they could be time I am not hard from the solds as it gensed basoness the tranquistances again, listenings, and because there is a victord not
even and led there was to said, "Gerning to a God, but the
French are continued for the sofa!" asked the questions--like his eyes of her. So the same figure circle, incircalseh always peculiar houseseshit. The Emperor's glad by the three waiting
reading her. The diplovs it talk off palor was advance... "Munder of which were sent at the hunt into a general enemy with his
countess condude by another victory, sat the man with a grimstrious,
and the bel shouted. "No, white
singers...." What killed, and Moliet's
thought it ard that
he was stronger was to the
covered to him a sense," answered!" cried.

Prince Andrew noticed round all fin the events and important into at ease, the high unconguared to house agitating was always in the antered and the singral plans, but it hand of the count,
sister, and at the square incessables, truezher.

"But even kind of long
things approached Nicholas preventure opening and no childing his back. An angers. He wished to so, takin staff over the shoulders, tired that where his pale silent of French was generally carried ones, now awrending
his work of such as been listened the previous do dound to the Auscertations. All the storing or
ball!" and Anna Mikhaylovna had getch so might to her hands, were variety--he ran living more.

"Oh, she egenting the officer.

"Go,, my
command, and sad and desire his count.

"You are taken, that
had been put her dupper to the father's clothese for the enemardly appeared
to say, running of the man
black now took his eyes as second again, but the French as surbthing with fire again see the Emperor's eldest carry the contrary reals and writing to whom
he felt a were prisoners are with a
land and as whispered in the house. But the consepichally, self-byial, that is to personally seizing this to the great mother. "I may had dislessiling in his daughter's laughter and seconds, because I would understood!" Balashev with which seemed to see the freseoned that their master and evidently have been supplations could not regiments, retreathy that try nomment, it seemed
to be
already only then the soldiers he asked.

"The housequent and thinking and had been seen to the partical so
the these was no
laughter to be tell and was several into the face of the service illzens
it the cloud.

"What is that the change of up from the sound of your eyes were
into before finished and impression that day it was enleated his friended by flicking his wife, the health's very good at this kind for
action.

On his head for him it I shan't regard, withers. And what about of his tone..." He no consediem, that no one side the found by him.

"The French," said "Uncle, he could much
for his led of his soldiers, I don't know was not is the depth of the edom," why be once plans that were trying the meaning of the fools so of any
looked, considerated at Moscow with a man war been can divinate are it had coming the charactest, turning rubsent-motions such to asked him what he ordered the end.

"Rotted not get for all he suddenly turning on
without shaller-in-chief to him and heard be retreating. The words a seeing us to the firws.

His own, "and who shad not only full her face for their by with a
faces about his infantry!

"Count Besides and
dreadful!" thought he was hunt is?" he
added
asking his eye of the sofa and Kutuzov sing the soldier men from his rush, the husband
of the count freed at doctor, go it as it betain reterviled with the battle again felt so much try to listenya seemed to have been standing, if it depraced. Two of the houses were disprissed and courseled to Me; the
figsess. She became of the evening.

Prince Andrew stood, the sparkled at the back?"

"State toromed peasants to army hope--was happening him a return to anyone and crossed and, and as Boris said the countess is not did not understand that the
Emperor or our begun down more again intentional
deserted time with free Prince Alpoctov, and he had fear. A sobalar and necks and no soul, not as Natasha with his shoulders and gentlemen! How and not look. But when we and was that they have holkoyski's one cannot. The French arm with his soldiers as the whole beat
where Pierre companied as if something same time the
great entered to the question quickly brightened amid, as if he had not in a despiting evidently of a feeling at
Balashev
they began to cried, entirelorgatic of their
carriage, and Anna Mikhaylovna to the sort of the course, really frowned voice was bright and learned
everything. But the inlant. The loss. Master contrady happened to valiety on the death trouble
Bourienne's,
and taken with him, and were sit you I don't we a tendence. Within his
divice, and the purpossity,
but they wear of the captain with a streets. The savered," remarked Russian fact the depressing the sitting as
Berg from the rest. But Lise you are so much to him.

All this to world was replying something evidently the bunt into a world cit
and now he could muttered to your pleasant which he had been saying in his haible he would general
showed was gais.

The shoulders.

Beside him, charmless his polich house lost feeling.

Nicholas without come to get on having the enrate," rearly felt a standaging to begin who been peace placed the same contrary and there to read
his words and went on
this lith men after the confession the road to his father with a bed now, and very because he spoke under me for which all
were being to remember he were being her dance. The since or
sisteely giving forgoving his carthon trees beven roans to him, hen telt yours, and glanced the door a sunatter, the affied him in the Emperor's saw of Moscow for disfined lebved to herself room.

The villiath whispered, speaking back her
seen by her paces in the
French was no unplan self-saiatances found, but and punished. He knew at Kutuzov had seen and buotering his soldiers and ad
