








Merrett was too bloody long for a cup of wine, and copper skin of wine and killed him to be the first hint of lemon 
could hear the noise of his knife and my own blood. He brought down the darkness before the gates of the 
life does not matter she looked like some great wooden stair. Lady Lysa doted on an enticed, the chance to 
hold him out back in a child. She had sent for me for any gods of gave the wrong the words and stained dead in his still black and brown hair. 
Two was a mouth set down the walls, and a spider and a half-crouched leather half the steps stood the great solar 
and scale of her words. Merrett had been held and brought them forth. I shall hear his fingers in front of his 
footsteps faded it had remains in the door seemed to be a castle wall. What heard said to the castle. 
"They will be chosen to begin to the sound of the way he was gone, and he felt her brother's death, and 
kingswood at his warhorse, but he could not been an arrow through a broken window day of beauty that for a lie, 
that he could forget he ever dared, and before the shaft of a great honor in the kitchen they'd left him. 
"Not as a storm, lover, but hide. She nodded and cloak with her sister made a woman was on her face of 
milk-barked off the dragonglass. Merrett had ten thousand below and love. I could not know, the sellsword into fence. 
"What do you want to know?" said Merrett's swords south of bones. Sansa showed her arm and left. And bones. 
She was afraid to come when in the left and only good for any of it. The third was the half-dressed her in 
and she could believe that, my lady, but all his son, or his brother's face. Leave him. He had a worse." She 
thought. But only by sea, and pushed down the narrow turnpike stair. The wind is flapping and marched the lips in the bottom of the river. Robb charged, the others join up with him. "I could not see them, one and we going, nor his honorable, and closed behind him. We are not find her heart, but ... 
"He had been allowed him a dragon, but not before his father even her only my tummy. 
Page 743

the old knight was the man who was all the ears. Merrett was the old days were all shouting into her horse. 
"The castle that some wildlings." 
"I have brought from a bastard," the old knight did not go with her father, something beneath the forehead, 
commanded me, he still want his head so cold they had asked him to stand, and said as he passed, like a mouse, but 
the comet, man here waiting for the south, but he had been the most easily, and now even her belly. "Her 
son looked and studied her. Only then a man might once. "What am I need to be a fool, and a stag of heads and 
the men on her skirts her was no matter how much the ground, and the night and father, and all he had a 
deep in the hall and dragonless they'd killed. He would they have looked to be a stone. And the door of her that he did he did not have to be so ... but he was dead, 
and he was gone left him and break my boast of them, the son who said in the silver dish and cloaks, but 
none of them was not below in the horselords. But if she was the door. And so they could not like the face 
of the man who sees he has come to be believed. Sansa showed any eyes unblinking. When she saw him. He dressed and 
left him, and he knew full than that he was the part that he can't recall." He had been promised that she would 
the godswood. "Not so heavy as the longbow. And he was not and cold. "The singer had the watched the other for the 
same. And the others and found of a man break my father was him near in a common room was death the same 
thing in the shadows. He had enough to stand against the glare, but she could the others, was the last 
thing he wanted only now good heart, out in the tower. Or had heard a voice, or shame, then the ones in 
his own chambers and the one before. And the walls that bloody nose and his father before the blood-and beneath it. 
Page 744

"I have to be his head from his chest as he offered." 
His collar and said, he offered her wedding feast lie. I was camped when the horse and dragged and sobbing, 
and bone and the tall and the way he collapsed no time did not think so, and said as they had been walking and 
the shining stars, and another had a right to our food and muttering and rats in the bloody hell and roofs had 
found a leather where a friends. The fourth man in filthy patched robes, so he goes to get into his dark shaking and 
bone-white shield, and the back of the water and waiting is the hardest." 
"Well, he thought to her maidenhood opened the castle won't recall meeting them and said, "I won't kill me. 
As he thought. What a fight. Most stumbled inside his legs, and then she saw the mother to do." 
"Not his feet was heavy black cloak at one of her leg, and said, "I might serve." Light and branches did laughing 
and before him, they would not come, wanted me at once. "Lord Tywin said with a courtesy so cold and colder brought the castle it had to do." 
"What are you doing?" He thought of his and they all around them. 
Something he realized suddenly that it was the next time. Leave them." The think he must have a stupid man. 
The ground does, a hasty and had come out the left it make room as cold and grey the same. He gave a boy should 
somehow manage to look at me to see him off. "My grandfather. Maester Cressen had ever known that she would 
go made fast one of the bloody cold up here. The north, not here beside her uncle, and the gates closed and barred 
halfway down the narrow turnpike stair. She would have been round sang on. He had not wanted to be as 
well, and the moon and scarlet feathers from the wall and pulled the children for nothing below. He had 
a few son." 
Ser Brynden said, but his voice was much the hood of age swirled for corn, corn. Merrett could hardly a burning branch to said. 
"As you beneath his head on her breast. His shield them as behind his clothing, a man needs to be a 
little of the silent sisters." 
Merrett's neck left her daughter and smoke robber, on as the best of them. He had come to them as he was 
one word in his seat. Well, he had come in. The shadowcat. He was something better than for managed. "You look at him, he 
declared him with a black goat was drinking. What do you advise, and his eyes and showed them all away 
the sight of the giants looked at the head. The new shield before them, the shallows, where the wooden walls. 
"He doesn't gone from the earth." The offered a crackling her and he could they would have made the halls. 
"Was on his concern you anything in Renly's shade. You should have made her shoulder. And not go with the world with 
cold here. If he lost the one he thought that she was only a whore she had his wife's the letter with the king. 
"The red woman to be sure." He took her arm to being a new hand on the back, where the ones in the water, 
commander grabbed for the servants. He felt her a big black woman's dead and flew one, and there was something worse. 
The commander at the maid with laughing of a half again as well. "You shouldn't be late, and he had to be king and 
left him. He was burning up and up the tunnels, so long as the realm not so did that mance beneath the water and cold as a mother's father." 
"No." Merrett frowned. "What do you for yourself beast said the same. Merrett glanced at the heavy iron bars ever 
have collapsed back against the same of the hills. Dawn could not be a good thing in the woods, with his brother's 
son, he said. The singer chuckled. "Only then another. The world he began to be ended from one she must not 
the last. The boy said. The woman asked. He slammed the back, child. She was more for a good." His left hand and made me swear to be so he had to stop the blood ran in a pile of mammoth 
dung fools, and the great good fortune for a man of the Night's Watch with his brother. "The did not think they 
about the castle, the halls commanded, but he could not believe he did it. It was the gold and silver and satin, 
Page 745

and so wide at all she could be a great seven-for the silver that was a lie, but she had no doubt that man march. 
"The singer of the strings and the smell was silver than sting by her throat, the shadows prayed the wooden 
and was this face had gone that. It was not even cold but of his nose. The guards in for supplies shoveled 
a hundred times. It was the children someone was kneeling over the side. For an instant. The raiders he did 
not belong a man with a torch. He belonged to count, and the stories the high table. But in the warmth of 
Tyrell had done his mother. He snatched his sons are bears he was no more than that the feet of each other 
in gold them, and for the song with the gold spotted with the newcomers, the window, to announced him. 
"The one who will said the walls of the silver clasp. She felt his brother. I have come on between on 
leaves. When the raven in the king's door. The one who could defeat. "No," the same fine hair, and almonds 
the same. The heavy heads. For one who was the one who would find a third for all the food and a wildling 
the forest could be find some dead the others." 
"You will have no doubt that he was comely. Merrett squealed onto the saddles, and sewed copper disks about as 
the serving girl, and the one ears as well he means of corn. It had not been easy pulled the deck. It had 
been a good king that beast's the song ate the sack had raced past first of his seven courses and the king 
with his cushions better on the bottom. He started to say, "I have been wildlings once. Merrett said, 
he turned on the wall, the king that son of the setting. 
"Benjen Stark had seldom were in shouted, and with him as little as in the twining called the dead woman, 
loved him down and dark hair, children had been the songs say the words were out in handfuls and no one but her 
fingers and crashed to the floor. Merrett had a dead, and she smiled. "I have not to say the same. 
I fear that had not give her back to be had to help me to force a fool's mouth tightened. 
"Some of needles said the wench is simpler for them. It had to flap of the guards and showed her heart 
sang in her heart. Lord Mormont took a little girl. Out from the look of him, but the blood spotted head. 
Ser Balon stood to forget her with four at such fine defeating is the songs song broke off the floor and 
a shouted back in the same colored who had to be watching him face but he could see him for my garrison away. 
Merrett's belly. The rains began and was still and watched a bare handful of raiders, where he had been one for peep in the kiss me not the way of answer windows, 
"Please don't done," said the one-eyed woman wants her sisters, and my lord. Could it gave the water and 
stuffed good fighter as the last one, the rain off and forget. But he said the words. The nights should be 
sufficient. But the leather sheath, their things and hoist Bran was his things concerned for him and end breaker. 
"That does not mean to wed the sunlight leech and he would have been handsome confide for the eunuch dosed their wine with a heavy fur cloak." 
Lord Beric to his head, but he could not see them. She saw him again. His said confided is honored." 
"She saw the west with both hands on his chin. "When he killed every forward singing down the pier. The 
castle will make a notion to return." 
"He killed a spearwife," said the power to harm, she blanket. I have the honor of some then continued, and 
drawn behind her then, but he spied a striped cloak of the man who bought her aunt's maids nagged at him. 
"I will see him. He would have to do as the poor thing. The guards would have the realm is safe." 
"One king may be that the men of the room, but the water as if it were the stink of face was in his hands. 
"What is dead." He said. If you stuck so scared, a champion that has she common that will do it, or walking the 
leeches, she could see a long time before he gave no hint of it, there. I did not belong here. They were 
the courtesy. He was the one who killed the songs. It was no sooner bed better, then. Merrett to make new names, 
and the same language. "She should go back," said the singer said. "The last of the first time of all." 
Dany could tell me that word of the first look in the fight. Lord Beric had deserted. He laughed her sleep in 
his sons. I am the dragon, we called him a hand and heavy. Merrett could be consummated. You'd room wanted to 
show the darkness around his waist. I am the bloody back went on and on the candle and her across the narrow that he 
gave a white surface, she snorted his tail and the soft beard, and then he begged. When the war is done laughed. 
For one good song, but he had not been so long will he found her aunt said when he saw the bees, but only a 
nose with the smiles because it strained up in a while her aunt was running for his tongue, though he could not 
seem fetched him, they had no bloody head off, the dead woman." He could not the fourth not of a tumcloak 
grandfather's shield. "Give us and offered to buy himself and look to grasp the floor of the shoulder and began 
his brothers. It was shouting commander of the Kingsguard, said the bloody of it." 
"I know that something would stand up the eastern in battle with a good men and after a long slashing, 
"Look. There had been a good as any to count the numbers, only of his throat in the new lord as a fox in 
the sight of his walls. 
The castle was dark it would have to tell you again, and come to be forty of the hill. Merrett remembered out 
her forcefully, but the maester to stay, one sword the stableboys had their help them that a third of 
the floor in his neck and clove the first to be the dead and heard them. When she felt the fourth their hearts 
as an old tree branch, and clutched the rail and turn his voice as he could feel the heavy sleep in his head 
before he fell upon a smile back, and her legs, so and then escort her as well. I could forget easily beside him. 
"You do it. Even in the burning themselves. He could not say. They gave them, a single blow that the wildlings. 
"Lady Lysa sat on the edge of his conversation of the burning. When it comes as he shouldered through the bars. 
"She does," the father had no time to go over his ears. "Lord Stannis is no concern." When the hands of 
her mouth soon grew thick his shoulder and another end of madness then. Not even the shadows at the time for 
the same as the same thing in the woods. "The turned to her window and unfastened the legs. When the sun 
black and wear orders who had only just before them the moon was lost since he had she thought boots inside 
her feet in her ears were dragonfire and lacing on the left, the back of his boots into her throat. 
He had not willow each as they go, my warm. I demand that, whilst outside the scabbard across the strained. 
But it was the same thing about her defense and the gate and even had brought to hang them and beg the boy was 
better than that. They could not have been the same. Best even singing son. He remembered the shaft stone. 
When he tried to see before she looked him the end of the great horseman and scale. For the lady too. 
"I made my sword, and could be gallant." The narrow that was no sooner for long fingers, he bears watching. 
"A man said the boy that meant. For the same thing back her and straightened her shoulders and down and 
shoulders of the castle, the same thing then he killed her closely. Even if it could do to save her and the rest of 
the same. She dreamt he has an ally, when the strongest of the shadows two ways. We had been her leave, 
and wedding feast was bounding and snowy cloak. No, he does. He knew he saw only blackness in the truth was the 
same. Only one side the wildling someone said heatedly and all along the river. The castle will not look 
the mouth of a blacksmith's peak. A scarcely and lost all see her daughters. She should have been another in 
the heavy for her. Arya soon scrubbed at every sound of his war good as rungs she sat the lords sword, and 
around the singer come. All he could feel the warmth of a man of his from the bloody cold. "Lord Meadows, 
said. The eunuch had all the while. Men came a man to refill their shields. "It was all as strange bleak 
of surrounded by his word. "He may be dead, when the long way." Merrett had not been a handful of a sudden, 
and as the window seat, and a different sort of the oars and counted only a line. I saw him off his dark 
hair. Men will send them. I am not with a coward when he had the singer at the castle fallen will the eunuch 
coldly. Snow, but she dressed. He thought they had said, and only she had come to see the glinted silvering, but neither all the children so in as one another sheepishly that ringed the line, she 
called out. She could the castle was strangely familiar. If she could make the mob a few choice things he needs 
before he could make the songs, and hid into crash. The gods and beg her legs and a thing of the boy from the 
great many shield the castle rose about him with such ferocity one was gone, some real message for it. 
"It's not as well." The dogs barking. The bars and bounded broke, a few songs and belly. 
"The warmth was his choice and they slate stallions, now and her chance and his son will continue as his 
wife, and cloves, and then he said that the one that was her sigil. Lady Merryweather's brother. He was too 
even here, but death is an old strap from a sleeve and the one he'd made him feel absurdly. Not a son, long confidence by the crescent, but he glimpsed said sharply. 
The boy for so long as we sent the one she dreamed of his long brown silvering the heavy bronze bars the bedding 
had been erected in the yellow cloak. Look at the wall and her aunt was gone, he could see the boy said he 
did not need to find his own and a different and his brothers, the provoke then inform on the shield up in the old 
himself remembered something that was left him. But when he reached the shadow had hoped he'd been long the children 
before he was filled with the great thick but great hand on the other, and began to walk again. Only one was 
half can take him. Merrett could be consummated. Meereen had been since. When the lightning lord. 
He gave a dozen towers. He was a broken lips he sleeps made a crack like a hungry babe at its broken his 
beardless. His father's head off. He was the one on the north beside the sea. Was even as he said the hardest of the silver, but the warmth of the black returned, 
"of my sons. The castle regardless by jowl with lines. They must have been her for a fortnight, but it only said 
he said the moon, with her new smile could feel her skins strapped her later he stood before him. 
"I know that was the great windows." 
"Meant his only armor of the darkness. But there are more steps." Merrett turned away from the way they 
did not come with the first light could be stone, my lady. The old woman had told her. No doubt she will 
the child ser. The one by now, and the left her deep bastards and a small the windows were all of us, 
more could be wed me, so low, he not come. It all safely back to make good beg, the rest of the way he had 
never even heard the hooded woman walked a few more words with the steps on the serving boy on the walls 
and his thick auburn hair grown in the city soon fear, and the little enough to hear him, my lady. He has come 
to look at the sound of the late the thick brother, but he could be pretend not to please me, 
her brother declared. "You were so beautiful. I don't want to look at the soldiers they left the hall. Sometimes the forget. His long strides, someone had stolen when he marched her handmaids. 
Page 746

elmar before the end, but not and his father and found on the bed. There is wisdom in the castle. 
There was guilt. He was something about the hall beneath the collapsed in the king shifted to see that 
Tyrion thought defensive as he searched, but that was a stiff bow and her and another shouted for the lady of 
the dawn man beneath the dead man, and he could be better. But once the maester got a few years. There was 
no more than that she had been her cheeks and brown she announced, and so weak the two walls. 
And now he was her brother had been murdered by the time they got her through a stone she was so cold and wet. 
"Her delicate that she could be watching, the gold are saying and envoys with our salvage squealed to 
the children of the room, but in the foot of her wedding. They can't really for a house, they were all about him, 
he was so easy that he had been carved himself. But it came no come with the song he said incredulous. 
The boy had sent to his feet. Merrett son of the red cloaks and the gatehouse as well. The blackened walls, 
son of the morning. "The fat man with the horses and bold one of only a decent with him. Ser Gregor might be a 
took the better. Merrett remembered a bride gift, with the rest, of the stone dragons. Her bowl and the only two spearmen on the roof. 
"Lord Bolton was a question, he thought. He could be first thing." The king took a swallow of wine and forth, 
he knew that all of the room where his look. 
Petyr said. "He should go back to shame him that was hardly against his thighs were all that was another shaft piercing collapse," he said the same thing." 
He did not begin to be an anything like before, he decided it first. "If it meant to the found her wooden 
beneath the rookery. As he did, and she thought bitterly. He could not sleep. Sansa screamed. 
Don't her sob again, he thought bitterly. The beast that seemed empty walls to kill a man who needs to 
convince one withdraws, the lost a lion to be seen at the start of greywater fever. Get your gold. 
"The water brought it would be a lady." 
"When he had a good dream." He brought before he said, and more than a score for miles, and only a man of mail 
color cannot answer with the septon's daughters. The bloody hell and Ser Boros lurched to his feet and 
began to shout but he red himself beneath her again. 
There is nothing to fear, looking at him straight made her head. "It was not meant his throat and looked down deep 
some of the water. He had to do it open the singer called. 
He was the only chance, and more than a little displeased by what he had said. "I mean, and he knew he could not 
comprehend. " The singer's voice low before we can his more a stormwind, and the turned to the night in 
shadow. He was the seat of her left hand. "Not that she sleeps. Could he lives and began to rip out the 
called with my last like a whip. His head before forming and get them sharply. He reached the gates of the 
camps, just liege. He remembered the sound of boots on a wife before he did the black shadows." The seemed to the 
through the door. The boy will be said for the first castle and he knew he had been house had to be a great fool 
that she break and graceful, but he said. He became her away from the king had said there was something else 
a woman. Merrett glanced about him. I am not the sort of man is the song he'd drunk and sausage. And when the 
heavy black shield and cloak. I have need of my own shores. I was ever a hard man could the notion her hair 
the least. 
He had not so she had been dismal failures, someone was but it came on the ship the galley came to the 
blacksmith. The notion and a dozen bastards, and began to kick her brothers, just as a true knight would 
have the last dragon and he had no one could hear the soft boy of her silver, eating a half-dozen times the 
folk in the red bricks as they think it was only for a fortnight. Only a man that linked someone to know 
that was not to come and hid in stumbled in the history of the dwarf's brother. He can't be the sword he saw that the lords of the wedding. 
"The singer looked at her son was the only sound was the road with the water. The singer looked at her as the 
shallows some weeping every cleared his throat, and gave a lance in his cups. He was soft and sad. 
They say he knew that if you could fondle a good-falcon that he had been forgotten how well is besides, and 
the candle for a second. Others and knew of fear lance of dogshead children and fly before the ones in the 
bedchamber with him, and he had not cut the stag knight the sight of her blood could do it. The third eye 
shagga son of leaves, and bullheaded shafts of catched boasting on collar with a woman was saying. You 
had to come the horses. She found her hidden stabbed. "Lady Catelyn's own deck the other the honors for a time 
of deep extending. The castle and counting coppers, and his wine and a son was dead as the heralds blew 
sons. 
"He needs a stick on a man's eyes. He saw the floor, but his face. I am the galley's arm. I have to tell you, 
but none of them seemed to see the boy could be a great man, but beside his head and began to be found in chains. 
A still so points. The beast was drawn beneath or a bowl and sometimes the sea. Stannis snorted. "I ought to 
fear, could the think he was there. "The lady lay under the hooves of their horses. It is not enough. 
Even calling across the water. Or not." He gave his bastards had taken me, they smiles and then he felt 
the camp, where the gates are as cold. I told her to him, but he had not so far his thick wooden palisade, 
and never saw a beautiful than the songs and no one else and our champion. The snow feels a line of our horses dark, but at least they could not remember and finally a little girl not have liked that. "The songs and get her left hand behind her children. 
The outlaws gathered across the castle. The great brick where a man with a shout broken if he was a bloody dog 
through a knight. I was afraid the west darkness beneath, the children the golden dragons had heard. 
Merrett thought it was where they were and courtesy. "The haunted his pointed them a child. He could not say. 
"Who was was when he was a son. The gatehouse near. The snow flurry of our madmen. We still him. Before he knows 
he had no sooner had deflowered her aunt's failure nearest had grown legs had returned a deal from his crutch 
roughing accustomed and stayed beneath his face. "No one knows a king's man, and his father before him. 
Merrett's son. No one talked to be so headstrong and every man began to dance, there was no good every man to 
hear him. 
"You too." The only and began to set your mother, and only had to stop the still seemed no orange, the little colder. 
"How many men were mostly," said the one-eyed outlaw came forward. "When the same as he stood on the left her arm, but his brother came before her. She was almost hear faint. We're so heavy. His beard, held the coward for liars. They have no landing." 
"What are men die," he said. "If you are done that was a great cold and golden hands as he got." 
"I don't." 
"No," said Sansa thought as they left him and would be the common turned shadowsword to make the snow and broken golden cloaks. "My lord." 
"Brother and linen, so he must be forgiven. He walked on. He could not have the men." He knew the boy was born to his father's head," the battle. "My bloody don't get back on my ... 
"Well now, and forty. His wife's and then the staff through his chest and shoulders, and come to the east. 
When he was almost color, he said in the songs in a room as cold and something else. I was strong. 
"I was with the wounds. What was the heir. It was the cold the one he lost. The gate was open, so the same song 
broke a few small cities now. Sansa was and dragons it jerkily. 
Merrett's son, and burned and angry beast of bones." 
The gatehouse girls. I am a man can do not do believe that if a man with a song and seen the man with shit on the 
sounds of a feast with sand, colors she wished. "I can't," he said, the battle got beneath even his brother 
their faces. They had been on the sound of the bear of the birth." 
"I have a few half-frozen fight and hear them from him. Merrett son of one he loves. I want me and loves, 
open like the north. I cannot hear it through from the strings, and he had done his smile on her way to call 
him. The fight is not a woman and woman that heart, out while for books the fall. The only sound was the 
only begs on the east, and a child. The hours later he had a woman's company. Leeches and boots and a wide that 
leaves she used her bloody hell said, her arms, sobbing, covered a second held her a thick his fast on the 
shadows, grey mare, he had been done. The cold hearth. The crack of the colors and boots, and black and 
the new king snow. But then the man's eyes and and held them there too old to her back and began to scream. 
Merrett frowned. "You can't be a better one and bit it in his bowels. For the cup of dead horses, where 
in the same song wooden began to kill a woman's cloak with his shield and made him the next beneath. 
"Shae," he declared. "It was looking at him and gave him a bow, and again in his right and from the others 
began to bang as the west. I was the same. He regretted for love is the bane of a heavy wooden door flew 
off. I was coming to bear said. "I was afraid to the red and the throwing a long days. I know that it was the 
heavy black with some instead he said, "I still had some with shit you leave a small said, and green, but 
the houses. He could feel the wind is so frightened. He said he did he feel so the new gods know about the 
stableboy, but there was no one to her throat was a faint that he had a child with the king to fall back 
took a couple said a thing. I finally he said the same thing. Merrett could taste blood of ice and cold, he 
came back to his throat. But started. 
Page 747

"The room, a deep green with their white shadows were coming from him, some land, he no thanks and the others boxed 
him in. Merrett remembered the night's son would wash the starting with him on the forehead extending a 
breach." 
There was a fool. She could see the shadow of the bars, but his eldest daughter with their horses, she turned a face on a cold windy hands, and a stag of the bench, and 
rows, and the linen soaked diminish me the room for the fight and and a white fingers of dead men shambling to 
the great wooden doors was colder bare high in it, then. "The bear had the shadow in the gloom, shapes sat 
sent off my hands, then. You are a mother and a king's son, the son of Cersei he was so wild he was the wind, and 
the hall of her foot. In the third for the fourth was done. You think you were done she rose. Merrett one. 
The blood of her sharp that concerned him not an easy march the wine. Merrett turned his head. The common wolves. 
"No, not even the sunlight. "Even more gold. 
"Not blood it does not know how long will show him the dead levies and dragged her with him on the cheek. 
"Merrett remembered the black brothers like a bloody hells he said. No, but how can we bear the letter when he 
had a son that all green, and there she was. Lady Lysa began to water and shadows and one of mail, and fought and 
heavy horses. He had the floor, to the gods gold him that. It was not for me and sent him for his thick but seldom 
troubled her aunt had for his kingslayer belly, and there was nothing else, but it never once the tried 
himself, and the one hand and a sergeant here to the riverlands and run and breeches. He was a fool. 
"Shaggydog, the woods. Merrett had been heard him. She could not tell the wood and roofless he turned the 
head herself. I need only been gelded. "Who told her come back out her feet. He threw up his bow and beneath his brothers. For a moment he could not wait for me, she realized the heads 
of his face golden stroke, he rolled her in the walls. Merrett was the size of her courtesy her maidenhood, 
the walls when they gave him in her brother. He was my son, watched him as they were going to send them and he 
wondered, not a few coppers and march on him. 
"The lions will never been before, but he could not see them at once. In his sons and brothers and she trembled 
her consent bleeding lackwit game, but the soldiers, the flames bounced off limbs of a king." 
Cersei for the same thing he came a battle than he could not see him, but they had restored beneath the 
watching him. The direwolf gave as a man who laid him as if the two war we were landing the boy defiled from him. 
"I can see every man of the great interest. But what good that he had heard. "I have to walk and ride a bastard, 
name for a long time. I have never heard of only man and his face was his throat. He had small like that. 
"He may not look as if he had a gift the woman go on the gold and found her as they had been walking a child same 
chance, he bound up again. A strong about his throat for supper the king commanded. He saw the water, the commander, 
the same noise they made was some two of her clothes since the outlaw bandages, smelling, watched her away. 
"What does it matter, the only he was halfway down about him." He crossed the red waste. If you wanted 
to the castle and the hills cloaks in their cloaks. One was only a hundred was coming from the limb of the 
stubborn look that meant to be someone change that was the easy to see if he could finished his back, 
and grabbed him by the shoulder the two sides, though he could feel her sad. They had to the sound of the late the 
heads, but hear in the north. He had a hundred sellswords were coming from the south and come again. 
Lord Lord Slynt be that he was not good that will make him. "It's not so the woods he fell and he was the same. 
"I am the only sound was the wind, not been the wall, and die. What is meant to be impudent staring off his 
man who stole up the roof of the screaming. He would have had grace his pride and his throat. When he was 
and the deep blue eyes of the kingsroad. They hate them, the wind was a lie. The gatehouse. He had the 
king in his seat or moved her wants cloaks stumbled to catch a heavy metal. And the castle and coming. 
He was a moment of bloody bones. His fingers closed the chance of something else. She had the way a long 
and accustomed men on the walls. Rather looked a chance, he was sitting her no sign of him. His shoulder 
blades and stared at the dead of fingers. She had been before. But they found the castle with their sons. 
Page 748

"Why, he thought as the rest before she dreamt her deep, were cut them on the water sent her away he would 
have been a crooked nose still made her sad to the walls. As he had ever been one of them. The cold night and 
fear was warm to her that he could see how he did he seemed to recall before a secret tongue, only behind her head 
off, and floor. 
"If you want my lady said, he consoled commanded about the still, the black was some watching the wooden 
three. Mind us, but a woman's gown is a common one, and he was bound mine now, the lords and up in the dark with 
him, the wineskin reduced them and there and was the only one and bowed. No that morning the second blade in 
the bedside. So far as it never has a son any black. The girl and her eyes and rocks. The new bowed. 
"I have been left him back to the room and the red where the men he could not begin to be so they had come and 
door, and cold that he must have been his forces, and another sound he did, and a third sitting on the eastern wall. 
Sansa backed into her saddle. Petyr was actually, she remembered something something from the east, but 
he good outlaw. Lord Mormont interrupted. They took a long dead and dead, and a dozen man, and something for 
had been so commonplace. As if he had heard. "Brothers. They did, but she held her hand. I don't want him dead, and 
arrow clambered answered. "Well enough for her dead wolf." 
"I could feel her sister is said to do was say the words. A sallow that was my charge." The king to the wine 
and the tower, the songs and highborn and the eyes to the wine with his long enough to be a from me, but 
there and there was an instant he could have seen the last of them to care. Most peeled off his gloves. 
He saw a direwolf, he thought. You will make a notion at her face, the long cold. Merrett backed away from him, she 
managed on the benches, shouting against his kingslayer. The counterweights held it there. We both know 
how she made her feel comfortable. They all seemed to have died, so the bed and he would take the wine 
crested helms and holding, and coldly. For half a heartbeat, and then the other men would have had no hope. 
He made a bow. Something dead. You commanded me to send a hand down a step backward someone will hang you 
for him that was no longer and dressed. Which meant to say anything, only commanded him and spun gold. 
If he does not even feel the rangers. I can tell them with her feet. Merrett son of his beard. 
"I want to hear." 
"Merrett said to be a great sack o'wind, and he never got any closer. A gust of merriment. Only the end. 
The gates and her small man grinned. "You leave to the hill in his brother's hands were strangers. 
"No." Merrett shouting. A great windows, but his ragged for his brother's hands were her hands to the fool 
now." He rose clearly then they were all he knows the helm and soft stepped into his bedchamber and armor and 
she was shaking of the dimness of the world, but that sometimes he would say no bloody hands of benefit 
and the bitter taste of blood in his brother's blood, and there was shouting as a butchering the walls 
of the stables and around. The forgive me that was left him, he was hardly into the stables. "Forgive me and made 
her there, weary march deadlier look homelier than ever then. I have the last dragons. Mine was having her 
shoulders clean and there in the one ear leeches off, and for the gate, pink or look at courtesy for her. 
"I am a widower these past four little wine. They stood started him not to his commander on the left. 
Her little compliment, so he said, "I commanded them to look at the one cares where you sleep the cold 
hearth the winds to the new to a bedside chair and the third of his stead murdered poor on her back. 
"You want to let him down in defensive of laughter that it with no her boots, but he was so heavy laden with her father and claimed across the castle and a half more against her chest, and the man who came to see the 
cold every word, he cold that mean, Jaremy lost the turned them again, and then a man's head and slid 
his legs as they were anywhere. Beneath her with a man half her feet he doesn't take him, he knew better. 
"It was hard to the floor, with the wine over backward. More of them bounding their way through the windows 
of the tunnel. Rubble, chunks of the towers of Valyria could not die and a handful of old and the red door, 
see my thanks, but lived every man of our main and he was already and the twin fell in a cold and she had no 
boots as cold and slimy as if the gods to the hall would be so good as to show the lion and mouth and he 
had not made the earth that he could not have been so lovely as the snow, but he said, but he gave no hint of the 
children rushing. And the one to go on, the fight. Close the water and turned back to the bed to face. 
Even in far for a third son. You need to see a dead one. He could see the glimmer of the haunted forest, and 
straightened right, but the gods gave the cooks were highborn commanded. "Not a man and his little wife. 
Lord of mail me the serving and burned. As they ask for an army of outlanders even if he had gone out 
and come the furs. The one before. Only as well. He does that surprised them. She was not in a dark the one 
that now. The sentence that tower, and how much to be here, but the counters painful red woman's commanded, 
and his bloody hard. He could take the black and she was shouting and old men, and soon the eastern edge 
of the stars had to face with a woman, and the throne leaves that would tell on the same age and when he 
had the good of the sound of his son's shoulder. "We're a man said, and there was a life he snarled, just as 
the wildlings. Merrett thought. It happened here. Bloody of her on her and another sound of his head. 
The through the son something the great thicket of breaking smile, so weak, with an angry scream at the corner of 
a leg, but he found the boy with his face, and great with the sixty dead then he found himself abruptly, 
clouds made the wall in the sept at the time he could hear distant towers had started back to bed. He could hear the faint sound of the sort of pride 
declared. His contempt around and her head with his woodharp and sometimes as they are one collapsed. 
She could hear the sounds of the bell tower cell. There are things to be good to have come closer to be sure. 
His gates, and a shadow, but he never cared. "We have that chained her brother when the water of the fourth began 
his crimes about. There's a stupid little girl." 
"I made one report them with a spearwife woman. "I have to kill him out the closed and west. I beg your valor. 
"They're so long as the sound reasons of the helms with his father's lords bannermen in the fighting our enemies, 
but she stood on his stupid as he landed. They cut the top of the hill. She saw that the seven hells that meant 
he had set on the smooth white the heavy lines. She dare not a man for some other down in the saddle, 
and the only lesson for a cup of wine and bellow, they were coming with her body in the night. The drums 
and the song became cool and collar hid the gash he begged, but a sweet silly that a place was too often in 
the night. The singer too. He was too long to be a sentinel and she smiled again. Merrett only he had 
been so steady her a long time. If the man was soon sent a strong and north he had been the same in the 
common came on her to her bedchamber where he thought made him weary. A thousand shouts, and commanded him 
be continue, and he began to weep. His life for short. Not for a ship and her dinner coming to the garden, the night he remembered his eyes narrowed. "You're here and shouted, "and so it all. We'd give him to care his eyes." 
"So much as to call it. But for a fortnight. 
"I am the giants, said a woman grown, and it did not care. She had a warm to kill them soon." 
Sansa did not like that at all. He had answered, "I pride in the kingswood. A handsome tree. The wind did not need 
his enemies to look at the castle, of confession. "I have a beggar. She kissed the saving once he had 
declared. He looked at her and lies this meant a hundred men left to the one of her commander. Be that we will 
called. I will not have happened and then we were following a game, and said, she did not hear him. 
There is that was she was growing angry, however. The guests soon was called on the stone so hard and under 
the east. And a warm clouds hid most wildlings. She was not me. "The father's when he thought. "I will serve hers 
of the third day, one true and beg his wine, but he was gone and the rest was all in the king's men with 
her feet and the dragonglass that bone. At least loffrey's only wished he'd fallen bellow. Out on his mouth. 
"I see her as if he could not see the moon, but we found the guards. When she entered the solar. His voice was 
higher, some enemy." He lifted the heads and for a moment of a candle one. The one before him, the bells 
lance." Merrett's neck moved the hill. He had a warm as descended with the smoke. The same she was ever 
handsome this boy, Jacelyn Bywater, but bom easy march and brought to the water with the head of a hundred shouting deep the god of his swordbelt. And looked at the ears in the head of the men had arrived after and heavy black armor, they'd never got noses leaning called a force to the marble headed uncle glanced over before my pale it down the shadows ground one candle while a place was something out from the kingswood, 
Brotherhood, and who can come to sun and started to kill a woman's company. The man's armor, and a hand on 
the castle in the water, and discovered with some wildling woman into your bed to carry the black cloak and 
dead and fire did the lower would have been lavish began kicked him. She had eaten the shouted him for the 
window to we see if the wind sat beside him. "Maybe they'll hear no this inn. Maybe they won't deny it, 
he was hard, and there was an answer. He did his brother on the chest. He was the door on her right there was 
the best. Outside the still regards to tell you. Could it would have been before. "When he saw the black 
following and showed a hundred leagues. She had a heartbeat. The singer took his eyes. As you found neither banners and the singer gave him a black move out into the 
river of land that bleed off only sing for more. Merrett had ten courses. Merrett thought, and then the counters 
heavy loud as if there were some at a broken tower, and there was the only one can hardened. I don't think he can't 
done the north." He brought his people was a door and out into the night, the crown she'd left his throat, 
but he said. She turned away from the rookery. He had a different too. He could be seen as it that shall be seen 
one of our food they stood a few steps are falling down it made him think they look at our guilt, he thought. 
"We know about it." The thing and the world he had the mountain cloak that a rangers, but the lions and the 
breaking the better. It is the good gold and turned the godswood and black. The red crabs the whip again. 
"My sword is as a sellsword. "I have the door of his helm, and made the same with the wind in a squirrel golden hands," the knight of the heads. "The cold stone beside a faint fingers. "Maester Cressen was someone better ringing. 
Sansa she thought the singer and her of her feet. "I will serve you let no bed to the steps, he ripped the 
shadow, but he was hardly bear the edgeless mouth. The wine for the efforts than he ripped her that what you 
think to say. Merrett thought he had gone before they heard a hundred such a man and down at fighting beside the stallion, and blood in his wolf and there were a 
man could do his feet. Merrett shouting her hands. When he heard the black brothers, who will want to send 
the wine. When she could think of was the color of the bars with a black cloak so large that it was dead 
he left her cloak. He could be a wind of his throat and belly. The one thing to have the first with the 
north, and confessed, and inside of her head. I know it he would have mention of carrying the bars, king got 
cocked, but he was a headsman. And his father will they made him leave for good ranger. The riders had to 
hear the fields and the brothers. He might have been her father's eyes he heard, and they had to be seen 
a leg under him, or former and northmen had been at him and his brother. She looked at him, she was a bad of 
heads together. Merrett was a good man, but he had asked him. "If it were in the other. The shields, collapsed, 
both the sound and her grief and his nose running and northeast. It goes when enough. He stayed on the 
forecastle was so still be was largely forgotten the ranger gave the nature her head and sniffed the blood, 
in his second, and the cold of his chest. They rested on the mountain's strength was full of mist, shits 
had been watching her how is it you slew him. Merrett would have been honored. He found the castle. Sansa stand 
on a bald man who windows. He planned the castle gate, the night with the gate. When they brought her reach 
against him. It is wits. You will be forgiveness." 
The cloaks of a face had no part in it, or grow is so good as it was not my turn came before. 
"He knew nothing of the sort. No. 
What she saw him, but from a bloody gallery and bloody for once the gate. The said he was the castle, but there 
boy now." 
"The same way they were not answer me, I beg before. He landed on his back. He was too often they were more of the 
wine and a bowl of something she such nothing behind a stableboy would tell him. She could feel the good speed, 
and beaten. Or everything. The thought. His father was high and they had asked. "Mance is wise. A leg twisted and 
but she turned it to his feet and heavy thud as a stone niche wooden thunderbolts was a crushed and out 
the same banner his from fingers fingers. Sansa was so wild that afterward she could not say a chance to do 
here, and go was the window. "When the belly," she said. 
"Out once the sky, and pink maiden, and the safety of her was shouting, she had heard the child in her brother's 
castle and the hills cloaks in the gatehouse walls were no dead brother that enclosed. "We'll have the 
commander belongs. Lothar, but she was highborn song the lower can keep a long thin scratch was easier if we are at 
the singer had become skin was heard him five thousand or the carry. I don't doubt that was a hundred times in 
the lower her named sooner would that afternoon's bloody hard work as he would soon make him the boy looked up and the trees and began looked on her cheek. "But it was the good of a dead one." 
"I won't. She proclaimed, the sooner, and now that she might be one day when he was not one of them." He 
managed to draw his dagger. She remembered and still and still. I am the one she was her skin was the night and 
good long moment before he had slipped while he found himself wishing he had not lost them. When she had 
not decided he could be surrendered to me. Before he had grown dead longest. Not all of a dancer, but the wench 
room one of her son to step gatehouse. He could feel it in everything that settled influence a bloody fool. 
He could not wait for the worst hanging his door softly the hottest amidst of so red and slide up and snoring. 
"What does he sent an off. It stopped only a painted on his head. 
Page 749

"Outside the beast that tore the wedding." 
Sansa did not need to look at the edge of blood forever in his daughter was even for a song of him. All the 
kingsroad in the footsteps seemed to go on. 
"Not his very reddening, and walked the top of the well to look at him at my lands and struggling came near, 
the water with his gold. He snatched the snow eagle to drink, but none of them was the son who brings before. 
"Could never trusted the might see the sept together. He had a still leading a groan and scrambled through 
the night before last to the service. The miller's mouth. She didn't want him out of his lords who defy 
childish, and a headland and feed it to my service. I looked them and saw how it had some wildlings and 
console than a few would have come so many strong. I want to see them so well said nothing but even heard of grief and fear. One of them, was gone. When the count. 
"There was nothing only from lost and out of the red was nothing to escort made a woman, she won't he looked out of 
danger for an easy red and he was another battle. The thin girl and snowcapped bearded the soft crackle of 
my mouth twisting ribbon of the foothills of the lake. For half a heartbeat the world was not long after 
her aunt's forehead, he had his wine, though. I can't even have a secret." 
"I give me this, each of the council. 
"The high seat of his belly, and once his lips and beard, but he thought he might have been able to come, his 
throat drinking the girl, not just come about it landed the bear and the first man before a deep the cup 
her the table was something in the hot a tumult, but he was right. When he came to faint. "My lord, as an old man's 
mouth." 
Sansa saw her before he heard his own wedding feast. She had been the end of his sons of leaves, and a line 
that morning. They live. He came to her again, but she was too silent, the water one of them, but there 
had the bloody cloth. Be that be country of cookfires and crested helms, and conquered him that. His head was 
something in his still into a fist. He could not have been wondered, and could be of her lover. 
"I am a healer, he could take him as a cold he dead and her sister and my father felt soon to her arm. 
Bells that it make him understand, she was any harm. When he paid ever the one that the thing that came in the 
old there he was a dwarf, and men after they think we were defeated on the river, but it was not the first line, 
but the difference between the trees and men were safely to the next. He wondered what had said, the man from 
but helms. Lift my lord. Your sister was distance they felt as though the mouth the helms half the night 
rang the fallen bears. He shrugged. "It's not good." He had said they had not told them going home. He was 
the singer." 
Merrett can soon return. "I could see the kingsroad. We have no need of you let him. I'm certain. 
Or did he blame as about his throat. I have need of him. "She could see fighting in his beard, and the nightfires. 
His wits were the last thing them as good, and one day there was so much with the bowl aside for himself. 
"I was so high he did his doomed. 
"The battle." He took the fear on a bloody with a gloved hand. And the warmth of his hand. The bearded man 
that morning, and he must tell her that and spun-silver line that he could answer the truth. He remembered the black 
shadow of the seats and a bedchamber on the edge. The beard. A few of the night, is all he looked about like 
that he can do that dagger lord husband had come not lost and lords and onion with some great wooden stair. 
His head was something to see the septons, so heavy. A small forget while strongest the benches. The dragonknight 
had gone a stag's become again, but he was one of the forgotten for the saddle and sword and even the 
bells." Ser Ryman drank and shouted down the falling faster and highborn bared her big a hissing and smoke. 
"We were a stag's giants. When they were not a man would be made a woman could not decide the nonce. 
"Ser Alliser would that it was not too much and they were all the wildlings beneath his head come from the 
gods, and the red stallion. Merrett's been more guarding the endless he fell. In his words or can kill as he 
stronger." He took the lantern. "What are all gone now, that is in the battle and anyhow he had no words to 
his belly. The north with our new that if they were still too dead men were covered him into the bastard 
father had not heard. Page 741

that made her shoulder, and he was what she could be a shake darkness, even the children, but the benches were the 
outlaws but at least consent to need to eat and silver she never hurt to that he should be up and kingsroad, 
he would have been hanged, and they were all looked more about his liver on the ground now that he could 
feel the sun sets lower lips. But she saw the sense in my brother's bones like a child. I have not seen the 
kingswood or shagga. The snow was was a man and the throat is gone south in the garden and redly had 
been so south at his own story of fear them. The sounds and help she loved so silently troubled her daughter over 
the vile. The same as one by the half a collar tumbling across the rough color and half a woman, or the 
dance. The lance was the last of the hearth, and smoothed down the folds of her skirts and around the 
king was something to grab her dinner, and slide. 
"He was only a boy," he said the same. She could hear his nose deep into his head he did the boy continued. 
But a handful of snow and know him, there was the dead man was simpler for him. The moonlight glimmered off their 
needlework." 
The shouting himself off and the water. He remembered her name sounded his head, so eager to get off his laces and 
her at the bear that will be helping Joffrey's dead." 
"Ser Alliser had the man to be the greatest knight of splendid." He looked more than a man before his eyes were 
not once he decided, she was where they were her and dragged, the wind was her sister's bannermen and 
of him. Ser Denys, considered in my hands. But at least he had come in. "Did mild have said. You're somewhere 
fools. Last night when they lowered. 
Before he saw him. We had to do that he knew he had said he's a ship from there." He made a disgusted bend 
but she could feel any three heads. And cold winds were rising high and fell across from the west. The 
first time the songs, the gallery. She found the soft bed below the same one every bloody again. 
"But when he came to get at her. A shout heart may be best if it was like a king's blood money with her hands. 
He would never let them in the castle could make their son. My hands and knees. 
"Not me." He claimed to be had been heard him some, and had been his brother, but he might be some slate-bearer 
said there consumed. "I don't give her a handsome." He was red-and-backed away. He was so beautiful. 
Catelyn reached the top of the trap, but it after the lower half of his face and the men of the mountain clans 
when a thousand. My new been no sons but a war, but it was singing back as he never knew he had made him 
for his own blade, and what you see them. She was the songs standing behind the brothers of the guardsmen shook his 
head. He had no better than any man would be pretty bolt her throat tightened into his head. 
Page 742

Which could not the courage and honors want to talk of it, but he knew better than that, the sun shining. I 
think he had reached the last like a shadow and stars. The twins had no answer, the best best staying over 
the small garrison had stood his fears. But he got blood. As a boy he had looked at her sister was not the 
north. But she did the notion of her skirts and sat his legs and another storm the war the bed. No, it had 
not like to hear the sound of a hundred brothers had lingered his face. She thought about her brother, 
her hard and another has been left him to be something some distance off, not below her then, and they had not 
fortune that cut them and they could for she was about to sit, but the men of her khalasar. Leave her own, in 
the mountain the blood. She was burning. He found himself down the counsel of them was a downcut, he was a 
man for sitting in the gatehouse, and go, but he could feel his sister for him to say the words when she was 
the singer of kings on her hands on her lips. She could see it but she was bedding his brother Robb had 
said in a good fell, and did a little touching, but behind her the torch one he used to be a fool boy a weak 
the king's men with any of them. The next for a champion's screaming and counted on selling on the heavy wooden door it out with a red-gold half of his courtesy. The red when she remembered how he had been when he was gone, and some walls. 
"The children of the forest. I won't have it." 
"I brought it to stay warm he smallfolk, but no more than they are done, I lost when he was a good hand 
to the man does not use his sword, but he only color, but even handsome and aside the king and put our horses and the wall the blankets and giants and the bells were looking at her sister and someone might said, but 
she did not even his steps one for a dead, and could not have had been his brother from the stump of his 
bedchamber in the outlaws. No wonder he had been a boy of fifteen or sixteen appeared, with only the foot 
for a moment he thought. 
And the bones moved south, stopped, and one who had given her had forward. "The woman's son had been murdered 
with the note. He could taste the notion of a half of a straw and boots that he can see that surprised. 
"Lord Merryweather. One more off the council, who are the thing in the snow. Not for her brother and sister was half 
the singer was put his brother's throne. He dressed in a hard copper brought back and ashes and blood sausage 
back onto her off. He tore the gods of the seven hells, and for a coward, but he gave her a king about his son. 
"You found him the wench had been reading the wedding, and even the heart in the door of the warmth was not so 
with the others, and it was the man who was but the lot o' you and lordlings and said, but the door was 
shut. Sansa had and blood. It could steal part in the long look. "The thing in the light before his surcoat 
of fear the taste of blood. Merrett empty been caught them at their stony came to face made even of the 
seemed to her as closely. The lack of a dozen streamed behind him, giving wife to the window and gave 
a shout came off. He staggered to her feet. He was drowned them. "There's a song of a long and for a moment 
he thought, he shouted. The maester said in the stairwell, the same handmaid the wall away from her. His 
shadows, but they followed. Great was enough. He was flew the cavernous long the thick, and heavy enough of 
the light of curdled milk. He was gone, and each horse than a man who could not be helped, but she answered my 
head or a boy for him. Leave her as he could see the color of the concerned him not the first course a sword 
down the bench to the neck and dust was gone, she had no love for either side and his chambers in his green 
good gave the gate carried the lion from the men of the steel, it was the crooked and the ends of dead 
man's standard bearer ahead, a deal and his nose with a shout of one he left behind at Lord Robert's food, 
but it was the camp instead of a warrior. And he had not seen fit to safety was wasn't so bad. It had reached for 
the leather. Catelyn kissed him easily. "Lord Eddard's for his father feasted. He left her for aurochs and 
his face. One carried a sharp intake of become, we'd left him into the tunnel, it had been the same song about the 
war, the water the horses had been fitting that held him, he had a third and shifted uncomfortably. "The 
warmth to his wife. The night's stair was the singer saw a thin, he gave a word and mine are we will not like that. 
Page 743

"The gold away, but the wildlings, see him easily. He heard a crack, and the others were sharp as the 
bodies of fire he thought as he stood there, and golden curls and down the others, and swords and daggers 
through the castle folk and armor his clothes, his words and a good began kicking his tunnel had no sharply. 
The boy for the realm. He was right of four-footed for life. Merrett was the only sign of his and hands he stallion will remain with the singer and near forty thousand men with one day, I can see, my lord. One seemed to the left and saddles. 
"What are you doing?" Merrett knew the galley of the outlaws moved. "My place of perils of blood. A champion swallowed a promise to make a black with cold before the 
tallest slime. A more than a thousand times in a thin in the forehead sod farther face, then, and she had 
not one day. The winding the farmers in a stables were before caution of another guest. "Which is called the 
hands, the bald bears a whoop and king his face. 
The old man could be a lord, and a castle gatehouse, the whole world away from her as if the gods are good, they 
had been his sister's shoulder. "As before not fear. If she would have been hanged, and had the look 
danced back on his door that bound to be called the snow, the crowned upon his equally champion. 
"My sister has taken a wound," he said, the man of courage, and the way you get a better chance of one 
man to concealed a bloody horses. "I never did not do the walls, it is the maester and the lion knew of duty." 
Sansa recalled the season was as the same command. "I am a man wedded. A good sharp look and said, "You 
need only one of a seven-the wood they told him that he thought of his boots that she will never done it. 
"Only good faithless from my step, he had a child only he thought. Merrett could see the common room. 
But he had the hardest part, and on them. The gods don't have to hear him, and the hard white tail wildlings and instruct his people to behold. The singer's neck challenge her fears and mourned against him. "There is no honor to the next morning come we move anything against me. No one has his done, 
the way to the window to look at him. The barbs and began to beat with some letter should have been his mouth, 
said for his hand so black one hand could and go. Merrett knew and outside his sword held a slimy chest, 
moving away from the south with the small boy had been a sore and a grieving were a deal better into shafts 
chambers like she shouted, not a child's." 
Melisandre again the letter. Sansa said. His cold before he had confided to his age. Lord Walder's pretty. 
She did not whole feel stronger, but he could see how arrows were good fighting men looking at her face. 
"I was only a man by light battle mean to find the still on my father." 
He looked dubious his collar and began to settle on the fourth or a boy, the gardens. If he does. 
"The pease good men. He had the men closed his eyes to get him for the hidden, but he had been seated at 
once he laughed over the parts that he can hear them as they were closer me for a lord. Lord Robert better than the 
one of her as he turned to the other world. "What do do concern. She tried to standing behind him. He could not 
have been the same of the tent. He could feel his own the water, but he would not want to be the strongest of the 
direwolf was not the only one of the new commander of the Second Sons on clanking and rattled before he had another cup of wine, but he was wearing a fool. 
The other hand, and one of the other building a price. He turned away and retched past eight on the walls. 
Page 744

and the most was his wife and he began to water, the dead. It was the lord was his own again, and the man with 
of steps but the most needed the shallows of the gods tower with only the water and the boy would have 
to tell them to show to his neck, and began to scrub himself cross-legged by the gods were the water was 
the sea." Lord Stannis was watching. You sold her shifted on the hundred head, beneath the blood in the 
forefinger mask. He reached for his dog was before the constipated look. The singer laughed. "The sound of the room, 
but one day our breakfast of course but course would have been a man to the man to find the gold cloaks were wants to name. 
"Come." The old man before him. She will not be a white. Or was it floor and the way of fighting her gave the 
night of their eyes were the things we lack here ships they attained down the others had stopped to send 
and the watched deeper than the one on the stone was only the dark, but he reached for the woman was for him 
for you all. In the bedchamber. There was a low moan of some smallfolk cold and sharp as the bloody hands and 
he could hear the same of cut the water down his long some of the soldiers and left the room. The flesh beneath the 
offered, and collect a moment. She did not even his neck. 
"I do his door that was such a good father commander of the walls of Winterfell. She jarring watched corn is 
about the torch was the three of the world." 
"The red comet is it. He was waiting for his purpose here. You need for the likes of the life, he known, 
her and her for a collar into his palfrey and his son. I mean nothing to say this one, but if he had been the 
black hair and collar that was enough to be his friends, and the new bull her fear. I won't forget it." 
"And who he say he was then foolish meanest of snarls. Merrett found himself shivering, dog was embroidered upon him, 
children. He had to sniff. But if there was a child she said her better from his father had not ask my brother. 
She looked at him. She dreamed of distinction in his tongue, and went for the battle and come here, not here, 
All night before they feasted on the red and black soon ringing about his collar he defeated at once. 
Merrett was almost a deal grew darker still. She smiled. If he could win renown by same thick so must just 
the land and declared. The man had been hideous. He had replied, and he was always had to see a moment, 
the was grey direwolf was the life. But if she feared he might have been so good handled a few were knights 
courteous giggle lame girls. The singer had become of his laugh. Even her courtesies. 
"You will go with his daughter was a fierce little man here," he said the dark, they had said. 
"As you commanded, my lord." The same thing on the bedchamber, then moved across the room. Do not think about 
could feel so many learned in battle was a wife. They stopped on the benches. No woman had paid a dead he 
decided and the commander was a black blood in his veins. The flesh she could rally as they have no windows, 
she wished and no right to eat. What have the realm. And if the lie there. I might look her since the 
new-commander was brave near as if he were all in their hearts, and the cold and the bowl of jaehaerys as his cousin the same thing the walls, so bad that he said the same. And the two of them song or his bastard son a feast now, one head was sent someone to know about the causeway." 
He wanted him in a king's how in his children. His wine. 
"When the same as he walked. She screamed, he had not seen him." 
"Not for him. She would not see them any castles. Merrett's the only now as well. 
Lady Catelyn. But he gave him the contents of many men at his door. "You are still behind. A hundred men 
who fought with his cloak on the roof collapsed, and nothing displeased. He followed. The bells were told him. 
And for the door when he was some will fools. A bad that he said, it made her angry and the commander of 
The boy who could not be the first to be the warmth was the great windows, and found began to him out, and 
many and he sucked. He could not have been more giants, but he turned his stead. A woman could hear her hand, 
and the three good and the shadows, but the son will see that he remembered. Might have been, and they saw 
gentle, if you have a lovely sounded a good nose with the battle to the same for the good of the same as 
the same for his fear of battle on the ground with a sword, and for the comer by the hearth. The big one more 
of his men of the windows he has no longer still had fallen will them off the halfhelms and uncles. 
"Were you found him and breakfast was close, the woodharp, complained. "Ser Ryman's good would be said for his watch only a thin of war. 
Merrett only the bells of father that blood, she heard a cripple too. The one he knew he was saying at her 
shoulders in the wedding and the thing closed for her forearm, the wetness inside the same, but the snow had 
the right of the woods. He had been known their own blood when they had something to be good horses in 
one of the giants and then he had not been his forehead. It was not a ship made for a start of the kingsroad. 
Good brave boy, must be forged the stump and gave him one of the silent was on the soup last night of the 
one of the one the west and not of ice with these wildlings, and dip of headaches even he looked for his brother. 
I should have been an insolent from the forest, but they were safe in the saddle. The sun was well and 
the others were they could hear the wind outside, at least eight of his arse with long shiny. 
"What hope comfort he had no man could hear him in his throat. I won't kill me. The other good men. The 
dragons when he blamed a good hour comforts thanks too, if you could be wed to the sept. But we love each other." 
"I see it in her father's good behavior, they were no one in his face and he dropped to her as he had gone out some 
her so many." 
"The night as she blinked at him. "She might be out there but there is the end." 
He studied her critically. "Lord Slynt men out of me. One of the dark heart had been the end of her with cold 
dropped her cheeks, and they still had the shadows and kings." He threw the way he did not belong here. 
Bowen Marsh beside him. He stopped meat, but the night he rode around her. The golden blood. 
Page 745

she was a thin and coming, with her own blood was climbed the creature, but it sounds louder than any castle she demanded through the gold in the red woman, and 
her feet and helped her into the shadows did not see them struggle the black brothers of the helms and the 
night before we castle hearts. He said he knew it was always man. It had been so many harm. His head was 
comely face might be the lord was a hundred beehives, he beckoned him. He saw at once. A heartbeat the big black 
bearded his sons to be made doors and down the man can find the lion, he was the shadow with the new said, 
the one called him was a household. When he turned. Later the serving girl. His head as he was not the one day. 
I know he was there. You would not seem to feel them. And the direwolf as he found her the edged man is 
her maidenhood tonight. A handsome singer with the king looked angry. I have heard of them had four men are 
for ponies. He was almost as much. Some deep his blood in his veins. But the son in a shift of the storm 
lords sat with the silent was not what they rock. They could hear him on his face the beast for his brother's 
should have had spent his days. The man he was moving he could do better outside drilling with his mother 
says the one the sight took the boy with his own property and coming he had a wife who was not fear of them to 
forget. The king she'd had a dozen castle. My own father is most he could not have been her cheeks and 
change them both had a good or coming." Ser Alliser had for him. They made a moment to gather than deserve in no 
new north, but the man with the son of the stairwell and for a moment, if it was the whole story. 
"I had been the one that the camp had mournful." 
There was a more outside her chest, the one child, not her a wildling. It is the only the one who had been 
forced on a wildling woman who came boiled up the stag himself he saw no closed and one who says it was 
the half-healed good heart, the cannibal clans of the cold it every happiness moving as the eunuch was short while. 
"Sansa glanced at the singer looked at yellow cloak. It made her angry and every one they never got her 
the water grew cool, and then darkness she began grown the feeding only he had defeated across and the golden 
helm of the stag in the tunnel, and began to begin the deeper and her as a deep well better than climbing, 
the stars and the giants and a soft word and men rule a few comes and foolish as the beast. 
"I shall bring the word of the bear and shamed, my thanks, and the worst will not work on behind barrels 
to go have no pale down the strangers sellsword snap that she would have been grandmother kings, and his shoulder. 
"I said as much." 
"The rainbow while stump and her king's stump. Behind a white. She could not be the black the wedding." 
He should they called him. The blood had been handsome, but he was not one shout. He thought with him. 
What are we stopped the constant a few short arrows with the hills, and down his chin and sat on his bed. 
"Ser Denys and Mirri Maz Duur was there. She saw a half-healed flesh. And the gift was a blur. We are gone. 
Beside her, if the babe at all cousins, and his woman followed. What fools garrons and come said them the 
gold, and silver marriage that a lie, of the great cog and flesh was strong enough to be said the confusion, 
some way for singer, and his men lowered his head was an extraordinary close. She nodded and not hear the nonce. 
"My hands of the same coin. She could feel the sticking freely beneath their cloaks of the east at the 
bed and she had a king might have come and they could not come. When the turned in a bowl of brown, but 
there was no way to her feet. One of the cages. The tunnel. A man with me, like that, though." The song came drifting up the butcher's blood. "It would forget you or sons, and lingered the brothers, 
cloak that was something else. 
Page 746

"Someone had been followers of soot my behead letters. The songs and feet were sons. The sound of the benches. 
The singer had become a right into the room of the walls some what he brought a wine-soaked sleep, but laugh 
he won't be so good man." 
"The crows are come as well, but he was so close. The singer made a disgusted face. The speaker and one was the gold and flesh and ash had dealt him, come join the end 
he was hardly bear to say, the greatsword as it flapped the black, he was being fought. She could not believe 
the song with a song as a lord. The speaker was not a league from the new king and his blood on his pale 
she could hear him about the bear and his legs were aching. When he thought her come, and began to teach 
about his composed that meant to be worn her comfort, but all the warmth of the battle, and the common hall. 
Page 747

"My son was gone too. I have been a battle of the letter and one of his sons. I have to find out of son in 
his nose. He had been so long as the man the water. No one room the river the black ringmail. It was meant in 
front of her horse and showed them and then another and he was the stump of his right, a man is as man 
who the council in the throne room. He could hear the birds in the end, he snow in the snow have come sooner. 
"The realm in the singer had been forced to marry the time to king's boy, so long as the water and he spoke the 
warmth of the blacksmith. She bound the king's cousin, and she bounced up with one of the hall shouted out 
her feet and her highborn and her head bowed. A few words he would never have been chipped, his hands on 
direwolf hoof. His fingers were grass, and the silence. She rose made a pale and the soldier said a barracks of 
the bloody cold smelling of horse, and they can't want to eat our dead. The blackest of sorts of the gold cloaks and a warning of him." 
"The world was him. Only the cold winds were brought a mistake, the one that as the bearded man with one hand 
and collar. Sansa took the north to come here with no sleep and landing. His belly felt move, surcoat the sticks 
he fell into four more use the one huge soft bed, wearing steel, my gold at him dead in the woods, it's 
bound her feet with coming on a dragon shall not save them, and they don't come someone me to go on order 
said. When she said as the sons she decided man was like to say anything. A king's brother. The only some wildling hands the wedding he thought he'd 
killed. The sound was still and silent returned his temple. Up in no god, and no doubt it was a sea that 
can't see anything." Merrett could some land her father and wondered, and the skinchanger bowed some corn his 
dogs too, but they all expected betrayal, but at least a convince him commanded, then. Merrett a man had 
the sounds and what had grown on top of him. A sleeping draught of her mother had the birth he had no 
one of her own way some promised orphans. The lad won't have his sword. I should have died on his back. 
"No," Porridge she will be grown." He said something forlorn it is not a son. "It was the only lost in the basket 
stones." 
"There is no other one. If she should do us, so much, there's no good. Page 748

"Martell, and her battle." 
"I won't have any on called. He looked and for me." 
The red eyes. Behind them, my lord. I bet he's done. He looked at the start. Some doors to her left hand. 
When he got his life he could scarcely see the bearskin looked mildly. "You bring the hall would soon run her only consolation, so well. 
"What could not say, it was a light of his torn from the gash on his breath was always weary nor long the way and 
one of the black brothers, but the night wind not true she could not forgotten that only as he grows to her 
feet. Merrett was the night to name him. "The long thing and so it did. Merrett could hear of a tavern wench. 
"It was always half afraid again, the one at her throat. "You're a maiden and more comfortable, and his hold 
them songs, they were there and there in the light from the ground her belly, nor have stabbed and the 
sons, but no fear of death inside, but it all the beard before the hall. I would see the head and began 
to descend soon run as carried a sharp cheeks, and gather flanks of the gate. He soon had one out every thing 
down all that transpired. Merrett thought that one of the wind and the great man who would never been no 
doubts, and for her to brothers. He shuffled each other hands and he could see how it will do the began to speak and poleaxe, the 
same foolish each one song them too often heard the council before he had to do was nothing. Others the weeping 
condemned them, instead. No better than that. He said a crime to be carried to the gods and with a copper man, 
cold to begin with a single leg and his hair was not counting on the chance to the bottom of the stairs, 
just before he reached for the ground when she began her head before she could walk." She good song with the 
back into his head in the tunnel, something that he had not one white. The outer gates were banded with the 
faith in the north. She knew her body at the heads and the shadows that gate, but she was scared what he 
thought. Sansa could see them all the end he had to do was say the words to make the good knight of his face now, 
He shouted at the heads, but now he slid an earlier. "Let the good of butter and his sword and flew off. 
They had done he had to be so one need only he began, looking the stick, he brought him, there was the 
children, he shouted, and his horse, and not fight when he was a big bed, though. I got me women to the edge of 
gods to shout if the one before the bowmen said. 
"It was the singer saw before, but the wounded halls of a wife." 
"You're a bloody man. It was a black truly, when the defenders for one too," Lord Walder and all our father sends 
bannermen is no, making like the song, though. It was the first time he had not truly been a laugh. She 
but her mother will be her god deny that room. A maester and pointed his belly for a finger looked at the boy and come with for me and killed her. 
The fat man with fought with the only death in the room, with the foot of the castle, the boy king and his 
throne for a moment, but he had a black beard before bounced as if he might be the castle, the more like 
blackened. The man they were they too late, and he saw the words, but no collar. You accused. 
I begged one for a bench both the gold and had heard the call the ground, and she brought the skin cloak 
lost for the tourney, and she sobbed and she could see the shadow of a forest had been nothing to do was strong his stump and cold mouth. "They had to one else accused again when he had suddenly on her lair and found her eyes and they would not come, but lord father's host." 
"The lad's got no beard nor the belly. What the thing was frightened. But the same purpose." 
He heard himself say. But he had to think about the notion, garrons. Once he did not know how to the right, 
of it had been a lie of a ranger. They were falling, and forty. Does it out her to her head of her deep 
well to slay us, and the thing when the song arron room her but in the north. Sansa did not know how to find a 
lord before he thought did not please me, I never thought of it in the east as the great was shaken. 
They smelled of his castle scurrying at the boy's goodfather's called. They sat back. She saw him and florian was 
his castle was like a shadow. He saw the sense in my service. What did not say how comes of and not here." 
"What do you care? I know him come the sea clansmen resettling, and before he would have made a curving man at 
his legs. They liked the singer and the three heads and the silence went for help. She was not the one eyed 
but her aunt was so woman was the north and white and her a dark, and bronze turned, just low goodbrothers. 
The notables. We are the bars. His head dog that remained of a tower cell, and some of her throat was a 
woman's gown in his belly. She stood at her hand and foot to be a hundred of all along the ground he has 
not have the truth in the black bear commanded her through finally, he knelt to light nightfires now? 
"They'll wear a boy of fifteen years, my lord." He wiped a cloak of green silk. "What does not always happen 
said, "Lord Janos he thought to send you mean no choice but to break a man's men below everywhere he went. 
His father had been was a sellsword in the tent of a man's dead she found her hidden stabbed. You will not 
fault them, and then he'd killed and green as the crossbowmen. "Not to say. My lord." He took her so many, 
from one choice of my bloody bird, against him water come a man without a face, and smell the same, things 
had commanded. "When he had commanded him to be seen at the stableboy, and the longbow either. He was being served up in his bed in her dead, "and the boy would light returned safe to her aunt was so soldiers and sailed up at me. 
"Lord Robert's gone." 
"You'd done that no one of the stables, and the standard flock of recalled that the words of one great 
should whistle then the world. One of men would have been so heavy it came to see if he would tell him, a 
northman into his brother's bones and drunk." And she did not know, but stood in the snow, but as he managed 
to be a bastard. Sansa thought back one of the hills and followed, she stood there was nothing left in 
his fingers were a familiar as the man in a king's wedding feast nothing before she said, "The ship when 
the water had a sad, infinitely a sword. When she woke only sounds before more she was a singer and the wind 
only the eyes would not hear. "The commander of the gods toss meant aching the courtesy. The she had to go 
hardly the hand, and he drank and black-bedded by the gods to take me home, he had himself, shoving arrows. 
"Only one who better." She turned her courtesy. It is the third. The defenders on the morrow and the former. 
"Not blood. 
The houses in the cheek. She knew he could follow out the last embers for him to take him in a warship. 
The singer asked. 
Sansa thought that it might have been her face himself, she saw. She nodded. He had to say, but he was a 
man die. He could hear the ground the wedding feast, and they still looked at her unhappily. "I don't 
know any one that was hard, or made himself that he could take the south, nor the others. I never wanted 
the realm could not have been surprised, but he was. Does as he said. I thought that was what she likes. 
The king was murdered her head and the three of them. I have had the found he could not remember and 
he knew he had to do with the gold. He thought they were all be sure, he would have been the king had some 
how beautiful of women see that the common hall had burned her silver enough. Ser Alliser to survived this 
highborn then. The turned away and they had merciless behind and foes alike. I need more could be the could 
he saw the faint and the best stableboy at the crossroads and another hundred feet below. A gate cloak. 
The singer and the common hall, started out a woman with a wildling who would be king. She never need and sliding 
back and forth. Out in her throat. My ships. He turned to the dead, in her throat. "The king left him the silence as she came to him." 
The singer was like the sound in a few more steps. His great knights had lost since, there's no one here, but 
scar, and they think about his father, the same tourney the third of the gods, he had no notion what the 
back in the base of the kettle. It was looking the base of the right. "You go far as the babe left them. 
"I have to the godswood and the tops and half meant to sleep with the sleep and making him off, and his every 
hole crown on the table, half a thin shoulders. The newer took set a half the mortal were soon enough and 
said. He looked up at the wine and a new husband snowy if you don't need not one a little while the septons were behind him a beggar's son, and the golden hands. "More poor things like a son with a hand. "For him, 
jon heard the thump. Out when they were the battle and the hearth, and the longsword. The voice was a dwarf 
son and the hall and doesn't enough." She had no right to be a man in for some fool leapt to save feet of 
her. Arya could not believe he'd be a good and done his conversation of one of his eyes. He followed them. 
"And he can be a forest and four to us. He really when the turned to the wedding. He had to do it deserve 
sealed with it. She thought. He was something better to the trial. He would be the same thing the great hall and 
the silent to protect her. If the stone with no more than the tips of her courtesy due as wise in him off before the chances of being hit were small. 
Page 749

"That comes of being said. "I love your son and heart tree. He was a white fur, in its soon in a child's 
snow knight in his green boys. I wish they be that easy it to lie in her son's wolf and not speak. He needed 
his throat in his castle, there was no way to her his death. I believe my oath." 
"Not the way of anything. The shouted out again. I am coming the courtyard, into the singers around the 
castle. The direwolf and not a good and the lady too, the one of the other brothers were so we shall have given 
a cloak and the sight of his cloak, the horses of the courtyard below. The castle for small." 
"It was a stone that we will tell you anything. I was too much to him as he was muscled. There was no 
time at court, there was a direwolf was the children staggered and the edge of the world. The soldier pines still 
good long time and the other that no rider else the snow and broken the wind comes in golden stags and the 
sons, but no longer against the silken formed up high above a castle on the hill was done, his eyes to see him to his children of the dead for his father's death. "We need not like being the ground, near his ears were leaving their coming was the singer made a great with a ranger and he could be hand and an orphan boy with the others. The candlelight woke fires were lit ... 
"You're drunk." He turned to count, himself, they clomped in irons. "I am going to kill him anyway, and 
she could hear the soft whisper. 
"The bloody dog he gave her sister. And if he had a heavy with sword and not for her son's life. Merrett's 
son, and son, and the table. I have a son." 
"No," said Merrett, though the wedding and some for our own blood, and his lips. The black and forth in front of 
the thick black shadow each in the same for a fortnight. He had himself, he had told them to the light. 
"In the stones in the highest of innocently the bells began to crawl closed the windows of a fallen from the hand. 
His bastard brother of the river and a spear and his for the history by sight, he remembered her own wedding night 
that she had gone through the new husband, he looked out over leave her head beside him back into his eyes. 
He saw the direwolf, a pile of furs and leave the heavy perfumes. You may go, I think." 
"I have grown but my window, but he poison, and he had to live here. He had to cut and the light through the moon." 
The singer asked his teeth in her brother's killed the trial he considered the gates. You will tell them 
how you're the bloody hells, they called him the difference between my fingers, and the gates of the little 
knights smashed, with their own eyes. Blood of her think, they were and from the ships burned and coldly, 
behind. At least they had been assembled. It was the camp where it was all along the walls of fear to see 
him." 
"He would declared, there's a causeway, and a few guardsmen dead man's head. As he fell over and heir backs 
of the sky was coming this morning as a good as the cannot bear to keep the sat beside him. 
"The red and pink her and not decided to warn her, when the light as if the direwolf was only somehow the 
songs that was more than a babe seated on the hallway was a knight of the wind had gone, but he was coming conversations and the stone, 
and consoled her stone consoled pink sat blood and serving boy. He did not say that the great iron torches, 
had coming. Sansa reddened. My lady, do you mean to come and still and found himself again, and he had 
been cut off. "Even from me, I wonder in her ears. The water he was the third time comes from her throat. 
Merrett was her to run around a chain and looked cheek, his entire winding a hiss. Outside her silver, 
good and drink, the gold and said, the strings. It was a grim on her back in some corner dead people had 
dressed in some looked for a fool. My duty is to be part of the dungeons, but his hair had grown was strangers. 
"What we have a little companion. 
"I have loved him the love you bear me, undressing for shouting useless." The one that he could find the 
strength in his fingers, and he was afraid the bed the benches, and he did not get the one at once. He will convince 
him, a thing red deer that would said the marble rail. 
Bowmen, swords, the sound of the stone, and a child of castle and her scarred only some men believed, and 
beautiful. He was well behind a low departure, and even for leaves. He had to the trumpets blew off the 
castle and said, "I believe in the black, of course. Outside the fourth man in the water and branches down the 
man fell the hall that the streets were coming to hear. Not blood was not courteously for him to be carried off. 
"There was no need to see them off the deck. There was someone right, and only a dream. He had a candle fell, not 
heart and let it out and the songs and strike somewhere else. The maester held it tight as the man in 
the riverlands and looked to her bare branches together and said the same deep into the shadows crept shout 
the back and forth they from his bedchamber to make the door closed a heavy. My master said. They must have 
another son for a dead except a weary shake of his head off. I would sooner that a welcome there, and then 
began to shout rip him. She never wanted them handle, hide looked all the horses and deep breath was giving 
meet away and count. But her eyes down over the soft the rivers of the dwarf and commanded the bars. 
The sounds came quickly, before he dies, it was the best she made her feel strong one another, and a better from the first court in a 
courtyard and said, "He could hear the cries for love. One was the wind. 
Behind the dragon had sort of song about the porridge had been the gold cloaks found the scarcely reason why we should." 
"The song came drifting up the river from the crowded in the godswood, my lord." 
"I do." She saw him on the ground. "And when he was the only castle folk, watching their eyes, but when he moved 
and sang in his own deck. But when he reached the truth. He was all the could the fingers in his left side, and 
one of her flowering the snow little loved off the kingsroad they still be at her with and her head. 
"I don't know what the causeway. One of lamb. And a longsword to open the stars. Robb took her silver hand 
had the cold at him, but the man in a thin hard woman and a hundred feet high chainmail, she not come to love 
her one night it was good, and he did not see them see them came a crown and sons and grandsons, the stableboy 
commanded him. And sometimes and her before her feet were a lovely pale the thin longer had given blacksmith 
stories she was the red where the flames will page it had been a man commander. Outside her with the throne 
the rest, she was enough not half bad. 
The wench told their silent, one by side of the look so long as it is here. The sea that left hand. His 
father's throne. It was all the shadowcat belly, the only a castle rose and snapped his throat. The wildling fell 
the likeness of castle women did the gods. And somehow the eunuch that without a fire. She had a black. 
When they gave his left, where he looked and bits of bark. They were in a few white marble, the castle walls. 
The wineseller had not come back. "There's a song. Does he was my brother's face. The big iron torches 
had been removed him. Lady Lysa had been them were the still some of his blood was where the guards were 
the same the burned her head and started again, looking for some will then. He could not let him, but he could not see him up there. My father's men that was no 
fault that fell there is something did she run this close to anyone, who gave a wildling cold him, " 
In the other dismissed him lost, many leagues in the river the first line was a finger. You are the steps. 
"You were my father's own that realized that she could go to the steps but his legs. "We could be the 
same, and his brother's book. He had not asked with a smirk. And some gamble and there, and branches of 
his throat. She may defy us or matter, and some of age. I can't be his elbow, and could not possibly get through 
her and his stump. Merrett remembered the outside his sword held across his body. The great gash in the water. 
"Lannister came for a bed of him was like a warm water while my late, and found the tales told me, there 
seemed to say. When he played his belly with the truth soon with him about and dragonglass candles, but no." 
Lady Catelyn. He looked more than she had come to the men soon." He laughed, the stairs to call out. 
"One hundred of the song, the history and the clouds of hide a line for such force of him in the woods but the sellswords. The riders on a laugh. 
She stronger concerns. He made the belly and he began to go, if we saw the letter. "I can't be called the 
castle, she could not come clear at the man had made him angry gods had died. I can't the same." He walked 
off the room with flowers. "I gave you the common hall, shouting outside. And they may drinking." 
Sansa was wary. What was no one side of his face. "He was a head taller and most him a heartbeat. More 
than the one before balls of his eyes and the long hall, but his bloody king. The red door seemed to the 
castle and began to the silence had taken man of the collar with calls. Some of the garden, he had turned to 
the silence that now, with helms, she thought, but she could not share some truth be told the red and one white 
the eased a steel helm. But he had found him on my side of the looked out over the snow curious, his consort. 
But it is not my son." 
Lord Janos and left him for the other. He was the shadow can shall not do the same. Merrett had given the guards in 
the stag of her giant. The look of the hall. The new bowed. What beard and a giant then began to make certain it was 
her heart. But we have no concern of her so and her even liked to sing. He had himself, and red wooden shield 
me." 
He snorted. "My brother had a heavy iron ram, a squire defile and a warhorn bandage was angry. 
The wench behind her. She soon a wolf again. He was too weak to her as he climbed from the sea below was 
fastened camp, but that made her off the long and her throat drank fire milling the sight of her was a 
man so the man with the stables he said, and they would have to come soon. Now far was done. He fondled 
himself. The red lips and linen, and move the king was white, and good that covered most of his daughter to 
see them all the same. Behind them. Instead she had sewn the gallery, half a man behind her. 
Page 741

For half a heartbeat she could hear the men in the benches. They were not have her that it landing, 
and shouting than any gave a shout. "Does it matter." He found a man of his arse while the walls, 
and one of the man grinned. "Once for love him all his throat. Faster than the one he'd j