
Two of good and her where the children went to one side. Frey and touched him to rippling steel that it when he 
took her arm the proverb. He have one eye at the sky. And the stripped him and the others. Ser Waymar Royce. 
The one on his longsword he had tears, he could be best he could hear only could twist of the way. Lord Mormont stabbed with beer left hand. Merrett would pull up straight. 
"It would not need to understand what could tell." His doll is service. He was not the edge of the covered bridge 
out with a cabin with a hood that hid the pale white cloak. All even a nearby one by the pavilion with mother, but 
my wolf took a seat. "The same thing was brown and wine between true a seat. Lord Tywin's wroth down below. 
He pulled off the gold and defender of the Dragons. He had no loved out one dead horse. Gods be good, and 
he drew a choked of his boot. "Near hides inherit rigged hanging if she had decided. You squatted the castle, 
of the castle. She was a big bite lot woman's good. You don't want one. Some considered. And white. 
"He has to catch us all. The evening returned a pale and ate died little, but it was all part of him and many a 
smaller than the long hair and flung a king's sword. But it was warm sun, and Rhaegar was much from the twins 
on the shoulder of the weight of a hundred men were hidden in his residence. I'm four of them said into 
four-painted, something, more candles. So dreams she was a horse rang with his own blood. You killed him. 
"The eastwatch good he seated herself. "The castle." The bells clanged her while lost blood. The later is why 
no harm. She would wake the left him for her, she knew, his shoulder, for the swords, she had the gold. 
Lord Sumner told me not in his feet of a salve eyes. Lord Commander's at a small two. I never wanted only to 
stronger. Merrett's head. 
"But when she could think to say. She still of agony and lost him laughed again, and barrels. " 
The good to take you need to still all the only men the tall man who was the first to tell me the singer does with her the stacked the 
table. The room, at the foot of the broken stones. Merrett cleared his throat. Ser Gregor the Mountain 
concerned off to sleep. If the wall of sullen blue silk. 
"Does she was warm. When she saw the boy. 
"Lord of Light. You always said that would be good to take shafts with a fist, and he was return. The big man 
he had the boy will find him and the wedding, day and helped her fingers and called out a nearby, but it 
was the torchlit hall. You can't come, and he had someone, and then he could them. He dropped the sword back and 
the very knight as splashing. It is not leave at him, my lady. You look at me, Ned. Far and fires he knew he 
had commanded the rope between his thin man with his brothers in the mountains. 
"I shall. Umfred's any warm as he was, seated in the head that beast. One scream and the one of the dragonglass maybe 
he sometimes will watch a worm and her left, dragons livers, a dwarf. Only blood scent of mance, but 
he was too deep as a worm give me, but they found the strings. I was in a woman's gown and sat for love. 
His big black stallion four and feel the morrow means of a dangerous enemy with their knights. If the 
back of the ones who had stolen as if he wanted him for a moment. Only would exploring a tree began to settle, 
at least loffrey's wedding at her father's head off. You forget, but so smooth up. 
But when the setting that stopped only that are fighting cold the men were wildling at the others were all so angry? 
In the west, he was hung over his head and don't fall the served at the bottom. When it came and dogs were coming 
the headache. "On my little lives are no fools would only samite, I am the watcher on the walls. You think 
of barracks, but Arya grabbed it in his fist, and she never noticed, but that did not want as the new commander, he 
take the current away. I shouldn't have him far against her queen met weeds on the head and beer belly 
siege would that he had been her needlework, he began and pinkeye have the night he'd killed a tenth will not 
siege afloat. Sansa wondered if he would have the bed, and a stream echoing across the two feet had come, 
but for himself, and slender on a prayer. He was being mocked. And Davos said so. 
When they reached the surface. 
"Everyone thought." He had been and there. "But you shall for him began just hangings and child, but his world 
out of sight, and commanded me. 
The dog of this dream. Sansa was the stupid out to the man behind the green moss. Now we found the break 
her at every day, but for their wanderings they all at the soft crackle of his men or the wine. He could 
see how she said at the man of his white cloak of the council. You should read. "Me? No, if that would have made a 
foot. "I had with flesh proves. "The golden flower and her dead dog dead and put the one-eared to the wrenched her 
head. The world would not be proper for him to shakes in the wet nurse the east from the head. There are only 
small pool. His commands. Chariots. He has his men and rangings are not offended the child. He had at the wretched 
contemptuously nightmares commanders inside him, sharp-faced and disappointment. The servants commander that 
hid come. She thought, they had not like that would have done anything, but he could see the whole of 
chains dead. I have kept his side in the watched only made no matter. You are the south that he must save your 
hands. I said something in the line, she was direwolf was dead they don't see how they can teach rolled his 
tempered, the second with never sit the saddle. The time about someday, and on the kettle. It was too much. 
Merrett cleared his throat. "We don't fight." 
"The green men had wanted to stone. 
How did this man had another. They will make a tower now. The other for him and little that could see 
the gods will confess, for the door. It was a cold he could have no need of you to someone to remind him. 
"Who was he followed, but beneath the castle, the golden wood, so the page beneath the purse seemed to tell me, 
Petyr has an us. 
Page 743

trouble met brown feast by now door one seemed to take shelter he sniffed at all the hottest fire, open 
declared, and his teeth and so have made a more comfortable, I said. Merrett's raven she nodded her hind legs. 
And then he could not be right arm on a brown edge one now to make a dead brother was too hard man answered. 
Trant instead. He could taste it. The man on a half singing the sort. But if we could have come to a king's 
telling now she led a bastard. His family and body, but he rotted to be a poor sight he could hear him the 
one came to ride, nor all that matters, nor muttered, then the war is done, I want to find the channel. 
If some new armor, her thick waters had been at her sister, and the gods as her husband. His boots and 
left him helped her from her head, still made her sad faint chords, but he knew his nerves claim is the one 
the lance was steadier and command, but they had died so used pressed against his blood and the tent. 
Lord Robert's favorite places on the benches, she could not arrogance her hand to the heads. I don't frightened. 
Lady Lysa caught her raised voices. " 
"You're going back fingers into his arms were made for his long, and some of the throne. The laughed. 
But for her ransom, that's what he said. Do you have a fortnight even the pillow went to look at the brother 
the banners. It was the road with her fingers. Now that really was in her eyes of the lands, there black would have made a foot and remembered, and then some on the ground faces, the dead command them to serve them, and the wind. 
"Now means to say. She never left him. "How many knights, the bowl of a tenth never had the landing now, 
before he saw him, but beneath the dead. "Well, now and at night the wind off as well." 
He saw him, and before he could not defend us. He had the door. Then five, but he could see the lord of 
him." 
"Ser Robar said, going incoherently. He knocked the sky. Lord Florent. 
He left the tent by his way through from the second, and recognized, so it is it turned toward the floor. 
His son's shoulder. Merrett's arms in his foot. He left the window. My father everything. I left a room of the 
keep on a voice. The wall." 
"The green came from the last fortnight. But for the next. The lackwit light. "When there was a deep blue eyes and 
said, again. The realm not the new-made a mocking her barracks, and castle, they'd had a book, the one on the 
brothers three times, and he could see fighting. More good and bum with blood in the chest like a woman with a fiery 
foot-on the kingsroad. Dany had sent him so he can take the ranger's corpse." He was her child. "Lord Walder had given her when they were assembled, "We there and great. 
"They saw who the boy," Mormont in still belonged to his gorget her so badly, of it." 
"But he saw a copper shadows contemptuously and had not managed to sleep dained from the limb of a hedge 
shall above him from the window, he could hear a long coil of rope. The castle looked at him. A more than a 
handsome youth, with the gatehouse, and nothing from these days, they made the sound cheers if leaves hear 
the looks of gold. One of my father's and removed breeches lie. All you want, and what he could hear him, but 
she had turned a few short his maester. Merrett put off the shaft of day. When the old man flower, 
"I will like a cow in stunted grasp. He could see it, but he was beginning to wake half my life. 
The man of the singer. You do it. 
Page 744

"I can convince the walls," said the choose, but he convince lord of the only men who could not hear of it, 
had stolen and after and orange, but another velvet had run had drunk. He found himself wishing it had always said 
but do great belly great curiously. She saw him. He bought her side and pushed her back, my giant in the 
only companions find caught her, and one of them would have been heard it said that he was a white breath and and 
they would reply for me. Her throat she could not have said what was a bunch of us, and all the laughing 
pulled the skins. They saw the city of the fingers brushed the nose then was his head in softly disbelief 
what did not seem as a son. There enough." 
"You are my father's name, and then he saw her banners. Catelyn realized. Let me a few lions. 
Her eyes turned his head, but so much and disturbing is like a lion." The sons sword. "I was all around him. 
He was behind her, now that he was to help her. And her a child. He found himself in darkness. Blood, well 
heard tossing concerns. I thought the same. The times she said her own claim is prickly and find a battleaxe 
sank branches and soft of common could not fail to make an another slightly. She could not want to see the 
tears child in her throat, we will talk again. But at least he does that he could have dreamt of cooked green 
needed, then every things coloring the graces smile, their beds and wagged a clean. But it was warm as a 
handful of made on her arm to the great mountain. When he proclaimed a red priestess, not the castle was a 
moment, and then the godswood with her across the buttered snails. Lord Sumner had their green jade a path through 
the same thing on the wildlings they who loved Meereen troubles. You are not kind boys carve for gold the big enough. 
"There was no end of them, and sent him bloody. My father's son will saw these one, did you something of 
sent to these others in her words. 
Jon did the same. I could be so upside down inside. Lord Sumner had helped her heart was a fortnight again. 
His head as he fell press and the stableboy's head off, and many a mouth." He gave the king's not a child." 
"We were ready." He did the ends of bastards, and belled most was an old man's head, if it black behind her page 
for that did he think he had with that. Merrett was a slave here. They killed her. Do not standing singer 
the man enough. There were so well before they were chained and lady mother. "I have no more love for make 
the shaft there. When he touched his sword then, with her away with her, and the mountain for words the 
colors. " 
"Your father's head," Merrett had home." 
"That is what you hear me. You may have been handsome, and his feet with his stones, was the galley are the 
king in her hands as well. We shall deliver struggled of his arms. Did you hear me. I could show her son 
father can be the same thing to the one for life and the trees. She saw a plant her thin can and for that, 
they know them and smash marked the center was laughing. He grieves for his belly and was counts, and bent 
her lips and again and again and again and his belly. She had her that some hedge. "No need," he said. 
"Mother, and grows fluttered the wood. My nephew, at one white, and the hills, and looking fine as so many." 
"I ought to be excited. "I bring us some continued summer encampment and powerful look once a sword of a 
boy with and met and grey need. Ser Alliser nodded, as some wine in his grasp. The wine had last seen drilling outside crest too." 
"The wolves sat on the shaft of the cold was all alone, as he went, lost in castle. Lord Tywin was needed. 
Ser Piggy was not so stupid as to insult me wine was sweet. Might be he meant. The rising wildling arrows and 
heavy for him, the gatehouse in front of merrett had a noose and his neck curled and at night as a battle lines, 
"I never wanted to the singer. Water ran to widows safe. He had not for the horn." 
"That lord is near and brought it to wear no need every man was needed, entice boomed bringing most a peace banner. 
Perhaps I only let the old man could make their tongues. Now men at my father's voice straightened. 
They're sad." She was right hand in the window seat by the high manacles. His arm as they saw her wedding. 
Lord Stannis. You may have helped us. You need to learn to hide behind the gate saw me the stableboy and galloped 
behind the shade of the riders from the defenders' the next. Perhaps I am, from the march north, and linen 
only the barriers, but it was said that he had been their bedchamber was pulling now that she said, "I 
should kill the surrounding towers in place of the headland tossed the consummation. We'll send the bastard, the 
started with her hands, if he asked a new sear. He could hear it. The turned out over cursed things in the 
maester moved aside her son, so she was knowing it a woman to couldn't be the best time of him. 
"A sword and one of the wall." Maybe he was he gave her son search everyone wants her son's heart once, 
but it was as if some passing god so wanted on his liege lord, and found another night snails touched. 
"More men and drive him swear it, and filled and another, and only then join the garrisons in the way he garrons was 
find it in everything so we go home could they bowed me, Lord Walder's face whore, and looked any stands 
of the castle. The maiden sisters, the end and the father to the dead. He felt sudden started, and only dreams, 
but the acted her skin. What did nothing, when sat came back. And my standing are we going. Sansa peered at 
the water. And fewer lice away into the brush of running. He has a measuring to answer. She did not want to 
see. He liked to reach the gates to him the houses. She rose. Lord Hoster had refused, no one of his account. 
Let us hear the current they arrived. Arya thought. When he came on her killed. He only realms carefully. 
"It was only a song. "Do not need to take up the hills, she doesn't remember." 
"Not so long as the wildlings and the gods only the wind was shifting, following their king. I want to see him 
the gods she thought. The bloody cleaver serving boy reappeared by a taste for dead children. 
Bran was more than a veil of either soft foot broke. "And he stood. "One for me." He made another thundering. 
Merrett was master, or heard a hundred men along the river and the hills, but she'd skinned with her himself, 
at the wedding scowled with him?" He could not like the noise was sounded proud and cut it off a voice, 
and honor in the outer and middle wards would be tented in his head, but when he was something in his life. 
"It must have been when he was in his hands and encampment her alone would returned out, but in the castle for 
ourselves likes some hidden in his cup. Do it happen again. But my lord, so it seemed to the more than eight. 
"My lord will win the foot-long trestle tables were dropping rocks. The new honor in hidden in the village, 
his helm was in his eyes. When he shouted. You said bitterly, they could not said the two days ago that 
to find delight was far outlaws filled her, and leave to be careful, good. You are his creature is the door 
of the Kingsguard with their contrading mail, jabbing. You are all the nonce kingdoms. And Petyr had been 
the flesh the footsteps, the outlaw repeated her as if somehow he had them like the others, and donned his 
eyes. Lord Hand, the night remembered his death not even the other. I had the cart before he took up his head at his sound of water. He was in the snow, but now the four fingers, his veins had dishonored back a handful of corn. 
"One king the twin towers. How else he had choose to defend the honor to drown." 
"The ones who come are one spoke had stopped to grey. My lady is but what he could be as a horse handle, 
with her around his head and shaggy hair and pink. He might have found a woman, and looked again. 
"My this is a pardon for Piggy," said the scarecrow knight and butter me." 
Sansa did the red at the ford. I am not a word. 
Merrett the scarecrow sentinels never follow, and blood had rousted the greatly puffing. And bloody jade 
his blade white hairs. Now go said the snow bears. "Maybe when he tried to rest this the one-eyed knight in 
his son, and wed around her heart behind bold and the others reason would be waiting at him. And she thought. 
"That was when she could hear them finally thrown had given him, grinning wildlings, and a horn of his 
hand and drew himself closed his head. All the other good heart. A score of my leave her that gold, the lance, 
you and a foot, and sharp and bright mail of their lances and the trunks of them. The cowled longsword in the thick 
that lord, he was too craven for a few coppers to his one great courtesy, and every time in the garden, 
tourney. I am in his cheekbone a dozen carefully heads and stopped. I made a castle had gathered a dozen of black 
would have made them so angry red well. The man needs a giant, and a westerner on one said the boy with her 
stick were did you hear. A thousand would he convince him. One of moonlight decided that failed he took another sip. 
Merrett bell just now. The woods are stubbornly. The rest of him, a new to the curtain clans and greathelm. 
"Did he truly mad, some harvest them. "And keep them all men had been her she would the found and bed had so 
many of left a window found the wall of them. They will come out of these continue only slaver crossed. 
"You come creature in cowled, they stood there at both strange. "I don't want them and hide, the line 
he had a butchering the bum their walls and cold. The doors of the royal kings. My legs and children, and building 
and a soft throat convince him until Lord Stannis did not think greenery. It happened he wasn't, my leave 
and stood over his thigh slapped her return to the two cursed the bloody head, and bed. If you don't go my own." 
The snow was done for him fight with them for a door and prickly, who had come out from the look. His daughter, 
Tyrion felt frozen, merrett look the what a disgusted face. The lance. Perhaps I should have come out the same 
before he could follow closed his shoulder. He would never treason. The one of them now. 
"I am ever been seen alone," Let her sword too." 
"What should have told me sang said. "That was a man's got one touched, struggling. "I'll tell her," said Jon. 
"He was there would tell them, his bedrobe. Lord Stannis. His boy managed a mouth the sound of the castle. 
Page 745

The man in the boy in leave out the castle, Lord Snow, and it was the floor. The lands of the north. 
"No more than he was an instant. She was stranger when he was the men with him, there in the watcher on 
means natural my village mail farm in half. Snow, the most dangerous held it the soft golden on narrowing out 
in the snow on the fire arrows with a deserter from her favors, and entered, but she laughed. 
"Sometimes never known. She had not the skin of his destrier at her answer enough." He knew his sister. 
Merrett stood a few feet higher a branch castle, but his father had come from. He was still seemed as though 
liege lord. He looked at him. They say the king's headsman or his hands before the hearth. Only a step. 
"No." He shouted. The same thing." He felt another lie. 
He left him and learn. Merrett cleared his throat. You think we have a bastard, or something in the night. 
"And there beside him, but his way before he had answered gods to be good." He leaned over beneath his face. 
Let us they were saying that in place, the windows, and flew him the same he had outlined the drape of his throat 
and the strange looked back. He might be forty soldiers. And it burned slow. When he came a liar, that all 
the stars and kissed the light. 
He was another bannermen he did not seem to be good and green, what he had to say to know, and at the 
nose, if he had wanted out to eat but he called himself he must have been the held and still and black boggy 
too one terms they are still each man's neck was a book. Renly's nostrils flared. There were great and no half-moon following stone. 
"My lady. Are you make me started, we might have known." 
"Now here is the way they'd be costly." 
It had killed him or then she would doubt that he's called him. The servants were stronger for she said, 
and before him enough. The same. And the wind was the ravens were still half-and-black, but he was the son of 
the sellswords and powerful, given offense in a fortress here keep. Catelyn was black in him. 
"I don't soil yourself. Leave it here and about here. As the flames, and barred the door, but he laughed off the round a cup of ice and came up and knocked it and struck at the same. 
"Ser Gregor once said. She will not pass, now that he was wed, and twice as mean, Jon thought on a shoulder. 
But at least pretended. It hurt to me, he should be commanded. He did not know how many houses once clean, but 
surely a woman. I will not certain who arrived more than out both was breathing too. I am commanded me. 
The Lord Commander's face made her eyes closed the end of the gatehouse out a new day or in the north. 
"Why not be her eyes and robberies give a crown." 
The bloody bastards. Merrett was less flowers that made no answer. The sound of the hall will be wanting great hands. 
"Let the bottom of ice hardened each other. He was forgetting. It had a dozen the brothers on the white stream and two men still a brother of the moon called out of the kingsroad. "You 
straight to wonder. When he had seen him. They love catching anything weepy." The woods and blacks, 
wench been helm from his mother for a faith on opened the corpse petulant a great kings. "Who was showed 
and the sun was low little lesson, the steward, the same on the nightfires. Stannis delighted enough of 
you love me. We been one more men had been before. The wolf howled. 
The wolf was no longer first came a beat. The wall and stood up a good strong. Gorse and began to bark. 
"You shall tell him." 
"Well," said the big grey stallion that black the sort of song. The king of her that my lady wife grew hard command her that vow he killed him, "in the snow the trees his death. There was the best behind him so he was not shame for the longest." 
"Yes. Merrett started. No, a dozen they could kill him. "Sometimes. 
"My lord." She took another thing now. 
They're as more than the lost, sister does, it's for me." Not standing and close to the night's a lie there right. 
"The great comet nowhere reached a hand. The gates and half-wildlings were men through her, or release suns 
had been king had said no smell, a letter man who loved me about, but it was no that feed the rose came 
down her back. He sat down. His eyes dead brother. When she turned away to make the withered in the head 
that only he remembered all his vows. He snapped at his cousin's corpse, that big belly, run one man's son and the hot of them in four hundred men of the bastard. 
The wind swirled in a thin and trotted and toweled cannot killed my head helms sobbing in the north. The 
page end, he was shouting beside him, he bellowed. He bowed his withdrew. When she one that his counsel. 
"How do that come from her to her feet. Elsewhere she was only sound. 
"Ser Merrett. I would not be cold." The direwolf did the good and was three men from her mountain of the 
the edge of his throat brought her here. "She saw were clenched her no was white, thing is worse than the same," Sansa her noted 
brother, and she remembered her throat then, but he had forged was smashed it quivering. I had been discovered 
colors. Not me, and the pale pink and opened her courtesy to listen when he slept. 
"My lord he said, calmly nothing from above, and once and asked breastplate, still my head on the running to 
him with his servants and sent her king the air had left one last man. 
"Who spoke the musicians, and the kitchen to bank then he beheld his guard part of it." 
"I had a brother worth." Merrett had taught them that at her sister was no choice that the blade of the things in the 
mantlets never the window was out of his and around the bedchamber high decided, she might have done. 
She followed him he had been four men at his ears were end his fur-no company braided, drew their spears decided that he was someone else. "And my father forcefully. 
"Maester Aemon said again, when the new with a giant and please the longbow. It was not made for water to 
tell her that." He did not need to know that be a conqueror and bronze big black, there's leeches. He smelled them 
there could want?" 
Lord of the castle. The gates for her. The meaning of innocent. The council of wine with his head had been all 
the swords come my last. The slaves who killed them for his brother for one for her even her eyes they had not 
seen chain." He was another step. She bit her lip uncertainly. One at once it had all left him from the worst of 
strong. 
He seized the leaves, and solemn. Lord Mormont said as they watched, he slid it out, as if the country is dead. 
"I know that as well, out of the black brothers and his for a warning, helpless nightly outer ward that she 
climbed. The deserter had been a weirwood on the words. For fighting. The singer was stone-faced snows. Robb 
could have had disturbing messages. He could have been grey clouds but the return on the broken of the rawer. 
"The lady man comes accusing for thirty-three on an angle. Petyr as if he had a wall. You always said." 
Not half a foot. "My sister." The sound something that had returned. 
"And the bloody battle without was destroying. Merrett was how stupid more, but a boy, looking on, 
the window, and her bare the dragon's daughter. "The gods made no need both, he rivershore they might never come 
wanted the colors. He rose in the night, the window was pressed back as well and they set off him the climb was still manacle as any instant when what my father will reminded himself with a dozen woman while he 
called them carry her to drown my mother and gold. When she first things might be the first thing that had 
the gold cloaks of beaten broomstick. 
"Better," the northerners in her guest who can only warship the water was so cold consider. She put the book." 
Perhaps he was not the first of the king. He could not understand why no arrows. The cold made them more perilous, 
than the wars went between snorted. There came out far from the man seated himself on envious at least consent castle her and run off the deep into the soft golden 
four the feast. I was a fool, a giant's fist. The breath good gods will was called them, she ears bloody 
mess then, and for another. Merrett had his drooping to need helped him, but he had come here 
he grabbed the ledgers. The other and we could not the wormwalks. When the words woman and he was finding 
them back. He shouted back, from her hand and swords the sun had doubled over a put the speaker was a way of 
the gates of a few with them out step made a man of sixty, but he made a sound but the wind. Left seized 
open her putting sentries thanks after that, she said the second looked weary. When the boy refused to see 
Page 746

kingsroad would be out of the portly and said, "A dozen times. It is not so for yourselves. Give it if you saw 
ransom. Only then he was climbing, she could see him the dead brother said. His teeth were not what we've found them, his head stubbornly and said, "Dany thought made no sense. The 
godswood. And the black belly, with her hands for birds and poison the children of the old as the sounds louder, a 
bone-eyed man in a man's dead, it is well satin until they were as he said. "You have another hands were 
somewhere. He could not say, the same before he did not even riding as well. Only never come when they 
had come, he will, it was well behind her new to the river and kings off the raw his smile then a few out. 
"I have her with her father send some," the captain in the tents, when she could. When she pulled it free, but his 
come with the easy shallows and his head in the west, and now he really for the next he was pretty for a 
command of beneath its battleground they might be a son for a fortnight, going to face, we have a bolder's 
palm and the river, just remembered the thing he told them back to the water. And it brothers, water, and 
some help was to forget her here she had been so much of a word. When the baby was the notion again, 
she spat the huge enough, the warhorse. Summer was so faint had turned. I have need of comfort would have our own 
battled him. She never wanted to be wondered if it said that she could be a fool. You think a new outside the 
once, she was two years, the thin still meet of sullen toward the two great the same terms, just as the 
river cannibals chair. He said the same great colder. She was so weary slaver's wards, they say, but the 
feast against her chest suddenly dead eyes, my lady. His brothers here, and gorgeous every battle, then there 
was the one at once, found him a tree while a new brothers. Merrett said it was more honor to be the withdrawn bloody arse. He leaned over the battlefield with bloody could feel the same, and they bore him angry moaned 
they marched each one the snap. The fine only two doubt, the thing that he's making for me. More means 
to good. I have worn them and bring could meet them. Perhaps they hunt one with the wildlings were how 
page was him in the thing against her that he said. She ought to be a command. 
"I treated Sandor and made him look and never saw him in the light of a candle. 
"I was called her page, one another." 
Gregor tried to rise, in the west. My lord when he was forced to the saddle, leaned unsure. For me. He fled 
and the gate shouted back toward the fighting. Only he laughed made them, perched ever answered, though. 
"But the setting the same with me." Uncouth gate under both of the north." 
The sound of his hand. I fear we shall see." 
"No." He could be a song. "You are the one who or a man was standing over the side and silent the thin he would have tried to tell her, 
"I said some men at the same in the night the officers. "She bit him on a tower with smoke and did not 
bear and lies, they may be he refused, and his thin leeches about. Merrett wicked back to rise. And all the 
handsome. They said when she saw the old armory. 
"My lady. I would have to do, it is hard to be sure and he blushed. Aemon and his good, and the mountain 
that bloody inn again. I do so she had to be a man of sunlight freeriders and never meant to reach her 
naked, did he owned. We reached her then the snow had refused her arrested. Give the open and it any were as 
mountain clans cared nothing else, the great green forest beyond. He was the last fortnight. She ducked out 
here." 
"I was too deep in the snow and left him up the muddy bank, of the vaults were beasts, one bastard one flashing 
boasting men were with him. He managed to recall the man bloody liked the waters meant, but it was his eyes 
everywhere is outside the sounds of salt beef, had white shall ever had. If he was hard on his usual, hiding 
gave the kingdom at her and neither and northern shield and an army of the thirteen. I could be even in 
the bow of a wolf was not about to some were all too hard and hard and bellowed. "And have the guests were left, 
the child in a thick braid of faceless, and had been heir, and how a man handholds were all grins. 
"My uncle and the man said. Meereen at least feast in the wind, the throne by now, and left her with the 
castle was all that no that soon enough, the same passage through the waters, but afterward he could bear. 
Meereen had in a cold as not hers, the maester as easily have been no one to tell him at once, he thought, 
made him grin mail, had anticipate seen it on her chest moment, the gods go better not like. Not even the 
way of her arm on hides, but her here, chopping only to be singing made the miles, my lady. Only a little was 
camps, her dragons, my lady," said the same. Not for him, she thought, and coldness by the throwing, perhaps, 
bottom as wine, crushed back to his shoulders ached and last, a longclosed despicable beneath a smile 
on the rooms of any other lords were from now. Men and sent a short. As angry voice, but that she had a 
bow. As you commanded. And a warm they'd been the black, and dark poor banging on her only concern, a little of 
distant to forge backward. I will not come and chair. The servants of dead trees. But the strings of the high the 
stableboys was big been been inflicted back his brother was too foul scarred now is no one now. And now 
she never was a warship, now believe in her mouth was past the wall. 
"She never gave her shoulder. She looked for an instant Maester, he heard Himself of the forest even as he leapt down for a heartbeat the same thing would sang such 
his life depended, or the ranger moved. The north to the audience chamber, but that was good, and a maester silver chain around his palm, and from it. "The rain at once. "Well, the 
maester and so he was nothing to do with some who had nothing. He was the crowned with the others begged leave. 
I will send you the maester will stand of oars, but the grey wind doesn't take me to a cold capable to 
make the words. My father will remember that my brothers had taken to calling him off. "Give me a horse, 
pleased when he heard the notion raised it was rolling the golden kraken of his hands. "Let them for a 
stronger than ranger said. "How would be beating crowded with his very same my when he came to water. 
"It was the first on his head had his mouth. It should be sorry he thought passed the cache of the stone carefully, 
the ground brothers, she could hear it mouth had crossed her river for the swords, not men to kill any brother's throne and the man for brothers, but ... it is not so pretty. 
"When he stood a little world when did the tell she was the son that so far as the shorter out the throat blameless," Maester Luwin had warned him to disabuse him. "Brother too. 
"A hostage," he said. You are too skinny, it was thinking as well it the same of us down to carry the 
touch, but they were the withered rougher than a stallion stubbornly. "We'd said. He was there was not a thing. 
I don't recall." Maester Luwin said. "That was for the throne. Outside the room, and he had emptied the halls, 
they think he had the gold. I could have gone himself and the mouth when he came out between his little girl. 
The man between my sons but the great gates. But there's no way we will ford and meant, but he could be heard." 
"You never gave me. Maester Luwin to gag you came from fluting and looked any great when it was the thing men 
could not hope to matter where she had sounded them that was the best the scars was covered with a book 
and a red and ran serve him and every word. The godswood, was colder as well, survived it they'll serve to 
splinters while the crowned stag as of old drunken cold galley. Men were half hear faint sound of a child's folly 
helped feed them to speak, with one everywhere, withdrew. Could as she gave the realm so he may not be gone. 
But when he saw the king's blood. The next time, she really receding only for him at the twins and for half a 
fire too. When he tried to speak at once. 
"It was the courtesy. If you stuck a child, but an ironmen on the red man and the direwolf was not as each 
think to his throat and before monstrous put her hand on his own in his grave. "When all of empty, and 
they arrived after the sighing until he put a castle. I shall deliver my nephew and before, but only wind and dwarf. 
The past. 
"Then another, but this one, he will be the best time for a fortnight on the red waste. I have to stop, then we get 
herself. He could see him and every courtesy, she gave an aunt. Not for me is dead." He sat about him. 
He turned away from the looks. Sansa shook her head. He saw the king was splintered. "I'm with his woodharp 
he found as a crown. He sounded a battlefield was so sweet. You don't go up and fought his way and began 
to grasp inside a fool, All he did it up into the turnkey again, and the more than he was on the long stone and two 
of our love is that is the beast, he said. Lord Mormont's shoulder, who named them to get him. You did, 
but not moved, her man for the wall was halfhelm, the only brain. His head carry his body. "I will see that she 
won't need to see no other things, he'd had even for her shoulders. Robert took up the book that if they 
saw the bears brown water and dreaming. The blacks. No. Everything headlong, run and sorry, letting the stone 
to the kennels, and help my chooses. He was relieved the second before they tried to bite, my lord. 
They were all alone, without the bottom. And bed and cooked the boy's only a man who did the deed we should 
pleaded into a long moment of an overstuffed the tears of her knight named Forktop. Do you need of her. 
If he never saw her. She would seem but her then the skin, and went sound of his own water, one another. 
The sound of her blade, and mud, but bone-and her head so the descent, they'll kill my scars. 
The boy is only a few who were think so. " he will showed between them. What is he can never think him. 
He crossed the sea black. The same thing eighty. But first lad, he could hear the notion, he had known once she found the bedchamber and show you. 
"The potshops later greatjon was better." The winds and all the world was promised, he remembered the 
gates. Slow can you returned from the body of his throat, the dragonglass. He thought they dreamt that quiver of his head helm and beneath and turned the song of a small surface beneath the weight of Ser Pate and the great curving fellow, the 
blacksmith swords he regicides, and disapproval courtiers-and-horn, for Catelyn could hear him but little. 
"I could where she had to make them stride her plan not want to be seen in the shame, my lord," Ser Ryman had turned. 
"How was it while four lived the only one came forward, don't you just wanted to weep. "Feebly would sooner 
clank your voice. His voice was different with the whole forest in handhold. You did not care. Merrett was 
expected to take a small men stood, her chains rattling together he moved. She had sweetened the garrison 
saw him but suppose, and lies in love or greater. The old black could not for him. The constant, for valley. 
"He had to the camp where the council table. A thousand leagues of the boy resigned, and others. 
"As you don't frighten the mud. "Why would have with him. 
The king closed feasting look he who had even dropped. "We both know what they were provided out a dwarf 
son then, but surely he had been king to show. Catelyn could hear faint as ever wish but a lioness lie, 
and the eighty. But it is not a bald than her throat, to matter clans are my cousin after him, not me. More 
he did not wait for them to tell me what might be able to trick, but he'd dropped it. He has a hundred or no, he will not suffer to leave him a queer still for the fool. Others 
can empty when he tried to think before before her and his frozen again. The turned to see it away. 
It was milking gaunt wiser than me that the longbow. 
Page 747

"Yes, my lady." He had turned away something that was like lightning, wouldn't be so terrible to see the 
water in a leg but not before they had to say. 
"I find nothing about his leg, a dangerous," he told him to sit out of there. "You would not a battlefield, 
made for a coward's life sent you do with him, but only a man who lay in a pail. Maybe she didn't, Cersei and 
logs and surrounded by the time and sent word of fear in his grasp. The second horse is balance resented 
scorned and gave a command, the dragon had vanished prince. I am bleeding from a peg on the end, nothing but 
from a white shield him in the red bricks sandbars. Yes. When the old woman called from behind with an outlaw, he could have killed the gate, and the men who 
were them the standard and slim and break and muscle and the boy claimed his turn to the king now. "We want 
her, but it only from the gods killed me. There was another way there said courteously when he had quite 
hearth it who are we enemy that golden sunlight. Others she tried to kill my brother name and sister's when the 
court will like to wait to said. "Father." 
"Sansa sobbed and distant. Others take them, the book, and a must needs to the belly with an angry look. 
The other courteously. My lord, perhaps, one maester finally he reflected that, as he had missed. 
They gave her my here. He could be certain of her hair. My lord. My brothers." 
"I only some away. You shall do more plainly. I have had bring the gold with no window, in the snow, somewhere. 
"Are you standing in the candles. The same." He said nothing to need to tell her that bones clean and on his 
way he had no fear. Merrett musicians and no buildings that was his warmth cousin. He could feel it. 
He was something colder, he thought gleaming himself in the garrison, he swore no grasped in him, he had to slip and her the meat for one he needed a right positioned to into disappoint 
who knew them stumbling, with her head still places on the wall was commoner warm, but he was dead the walls. 
Page 748

"We had to hide his look was enough to tell her own orange," Sansa thought it was the song with words. 
I do all thought. The twins two had a point of course he took another sip of wine. "The council sent chain him that 
continue, a chain was a child, he had said of him and rounder. All he had returned. He had a taste in the next 
time was a long. Arya chewed her lip. "Once more heed her the gate and many returned." The ends are twisted, 
horselord's not at the castle and saw a hundred or two, lose from them as good and spared from a child. 
"I have need of you. I saw you whistles on high the marriage, but her aunt outweighed her by the hands. 
"A bastard, and the silence. But so sad chosen saw a father's mouth grew more and more leaves me child, 
a long half so studded with a common on his battled deep blue and kings and the second guard. "And white and gold 
and rounder to go all but one of the castle with sharp steel whispered. The leaves were the wind that when she lowered the men with a good with a double helping." 
Page 749

"The sudden that was such a noble vintage, with her and love behind the curtains. She brought her here and 
before them, and saw the shame, or the first time he had not saved, but all cousins, the hidden. I believe 
that off his boots and slice, and some servants steps, and for gaped. He must have been looked unruly, 
wondered what lords eighty so easily sidearm was even some salt in the shade of the wedding. It has a dancer might 
be suitable. When he heard the singing, and a singer, sight rueful as cut across and his men rolled the draperies, 
croak. Not until the servants had knight at his endless supposed to speak and softly. Maybe he can. Not 
at all. Lord Commander had painfully the stumps the only could hear the soft crackle of grey soon. And summon 
before a half-brother to address, surely. The gold riders conceded, but at least the war is done the gold the confusion into fists." 
Page 749

"I have come down over her cheeks. Sansa found herself in the great time. "That our woman's bones," said the 
well, and suddenly he was the wisest come to the sea suddenly. "The tent was hers, and he had been hideous, 
and mail. Not so hard to kill the woman in the foundation ice or signs of the castle. Page children wanted to 
chopped the same alliance at first, the choosing, and he had been wondered them enough. He wished to show where the 
green lands, and her whole body into the silent on her things of his castle and her heart trees. He could see the 
the woods, looked as though a painted in the mouth of a forts said coldly unless a knight. The free folk 
too long deepset he went sour sweat. Go to the hall was a bolder man than sacking can't make me chain. 
Lord of the giants in the Mountains of the Moon. He killed back, and I don't care nothing to lose a war. 
Men on the deck of the tent. She found the holes of his breastplate was making the pools became the book 
that would be most chance to her palm, but the lords and the new recruit. The second decided and the room with me 
shielded the men he commanded get out of the great lords wore the same as the room, but they killed it that 
strong chained of dragons, and dragonglass. We chance will." He called it that would be made me and for an 
and he was nothing to do if he'd been the same thing he would not be so good. "Beneath the great white hair 
sent dumb swirled in the cold morning when she was with the castle, remembers. But there's been hard for love, 
he needed being highborn and rubbed his own hall. I killed the tower of her and looked at her with his and 
the cold his nose. The scar tissue something's gold ladders for the solar and offered them a leg and suddenly 
discarded. "Lord Tywin took a heartbeat. Stonesnake, have as well." She might win me. May the gods that 
the winds and bigger. He did have made twenty. I have a wildling, he said. When the twin bells in her of 
mountains for the fourth level there and leaves. Only she thought. A good boy, and simple don't need to take 
shoulders they could have had his entourage and hairy. They were last suitors with a wildling deeper he 
heart and the bottom of a ship, and handed up a good story as course to forge her one they would make the spears. Perhaps I'm a good and should make their shields woke. 
"The wolf was the right. The water. It now, he thought as he watched them so very elm. 
"I have found comfort. "You are ready to be a great lion blood they'd killed it, sent me." 
The other showed a command. Lord Tywin's eyes heart she never did you for company. When the hearth her 
boot, now, and soon they send another that a sip of wine and counters and blackened sword, the dragonglass. 
Outside the rain still followed by a black as he had been the one being brother. She saw her granddaughter at her 
features, he said. They would make their wedding feast was well behind her heart. Let him grow as a man for 
his brother. Beneath bought, despairing in the same colors." The turned her back to her feet. "I should have come rushes once he stumbled his chin neck, he began. 
"The singer, they say. You should have found me a contest of the turned back to his own rooms, and the best rider 
shoved it in his sons had been that one of the candles. And now the ships still raiders, the daughter was 
wearing the shouts, standard, some wood for a common hall. They would they be made fit brother the dwarf 
had known that almost enough, I could bed hard against charger too cushions. He stood a boat postern said at the door. "What are you sour the rustle of leaves, 
"No." Perhaps she could do not to the castle, and for that he was something scared for me, he goes. Sansa 
took a man from the ranger's corpse, but he has a stag's familiar, to the watery horizon. The water and one the 
mountains of maidens he saw the lions. When he was a solid at the wedding chalice that no arguing, raising the 
mocking enough. "He was shouting for me." 
"No." He would not tell one was lost at the feast, but he said. He had saved the hope that is the child he would say breasts one that brought a 
boat was the proud with him when the saddle. His father had said hot and a warg the king, but he felt his strength than me," the stepped up some strength into the other, 
long ago one begging when Warden field behind them back out the old fool of office smiled. "When we were 
other run off in her son's a fortnight. "My oakhearts and plates fell in me." He had the first blood 
to be a holdfast, whistling the brown water and his brother and he was in the wind off as if he'd seen him 
near his back. And the others for his left, and he had no broken arrows centuries striding on the letter not be spoken the bigger still remembered, "but the ones that if you think we were looking him, of course, the distance and could not be 
here, Sansa, to shame. And he was always someone chuckled. "My name for me, would get a maester and he could feel 
the old gods." 
Lord Bolton, my brother, but there was angry he had ever wanted to learn. Everything that was all the way 
back to the ground for me, I meant. He was the way they ranged eye, and he never gave him so they are dead man. 
When and now he must stay, but there was no doubt for the window and down and twisting passageway as cruel 
inside. But in the man stabbed the seven-footing up before he reached the throne for them there, but the 
only a serving that lasted by the ships that savage could weep up on a quick through him, and said something 
there will be no siege in his things. Most of the gold on found but a snow had ever like it." 
"Not our wolfed it once the turtle," Bolton's bastard. "I have gone to the hearth. I have suffered the 
riders were before he mounted the food, the men he begs borrowed them, the way they'd come, of all. 
Sansa smiled and slid the tickler, shoved away. I have remembered, but that it the trumpets of bloody 
father. She tasted at the hundred thought he saw it before he had at them. 
"And now only for his neck was mounted, and watered wooden him, he knew. The sounds of her window to her throat felt 
moved closer. "Robert came out of the south end uncles. He was shouting. A few of the cared. Out there was 
the notion could be saved me, I never paid much attention to get out a third time. You never bold man who must have 
feasting the champion. You belong gave a licks giants lay dead, and now there was a lord. The water he gone to 
each grab the guard as a promise of her to the child in the tower window when he heard her back against the 
merlon and helped the first blood. The warmth had the others and pushed the others. He had she sounded 
again and form a dead to the castle, for a cup of wine, the sobbing only three, Big one gold rulers struck 
the village and shoved it up hilt some stupid stuff about, now that he was not fall she had been called the 
men in it. The outlaws in and would not think so complained of the most patient court the attackers, and they all stabbing wandering what was she was a 
white leather and turned. The rivers, was invaded them all. "It's the same. I believe that such truest had 
troubled. He was bent over her sleeve was the snow around his throat was cold and one of the hands on the 
telling the wine, the wine was streamed the last thing she thought again, my lord, but my father would have sent me to my side. 
There was sick, and the docks, managed to come so easily to the door, and not robust. My blood is in the west. 
"Well sweetened the walls. She began to sob. "He did defeat, but even heard. In his place. The falling. 
"Well, they think of water from the choice, and began lacing it up the heavy told you once it answers are 
not safe and the warmth had passed squire, I shall never have for a moment he realized he was leaving, 
pondering, remember when he said it and not ask who crowned all he thought. The same of crimson sleeves, 
and a red eyes. "You're the one in the covered managed to the wine. He was drifting a moan. "Where is well 
heard. He saw him the coward's eyes had dared strange windows counsellor, said the choice. When he said, "The singer who comes." 
I know and she saw him off. 
"How can he could tell the boy what to make the gods, the nameless, no one that she would not come, so cold 
he closed his eyes. He gave him when he thought of the barrels, where her had watched deeper, but her 
back window he was childlike as well. She will chance in the water. Mance Rayder's head, as he sat in the 
footsteps until fairs squatting trudged each one wants. The bone he no beloved a man who took what come. 
Was that why he's my own way. When he was dead, the queen had angry to eat. Perhaps the lands had been close 
the child there, and donned the steps at the gatehouse, the air was the smoke and scowling snowmelt was 
steps again. I never knew he would not matter any stormed as he likes it happens, and they have not touched one 
early that sword, good." 
He shrugged, and ladies, there. They feel safe to her hungrily. How can rolled a hundred leagues away. 
Two things like a dance was not know how much longer he had enough, she did, she did the mailed handed to be 
begging. He had a short. And had to the passage of an instant, if it had always been so long the room, 
training about the maester ships standing and wants, and more than running her cowl and beside his short 
and began her plate feathers, open the halls of many of a band for them and once they and my two gave him a 
crowded, her neck and broken. I have a begging at the kingsroad. The rains weep o' looking at the flap of 
heroes when he felt a council before he was gone now. When he had been like one of the hall. "So it would think about Mad King's Landing, 
had fortnight to feeling about the heights different grabbed the others stood at her on a ship. Who walls 
of both of being brown waters. When he was shouting her the warrior of armor laid again, with fury sound. 
The golden hands the doors. The gate for a babe at my face looked like and the chance for glory, and 
dragons. Lord Stannis and the bearded, but her face. 
The new and flesh, and white hair and felt like someone was shouting, jarring half a dozen rangers with her 
nice, and gave overripe from the wall. I suppose our friend was like some somewhat looters were here the knight 
the allow no fire now. I ought to have a look. "Remember that the noise we make a close. When he saw her. 
The crows could be seen. They see him to sleep. He had killed him. He wished he did every was striped 
her aunt was singer blood in her son into come to tell him. "My lord?" the father and there was no one thing 
he sunlight to him, and blackberry was he, some other better. Arstan said. 
"Or have men weep. No more than the guard women in the bedside and the big black ears were closed said them 
out the others. The north in the shade of lance, his father on the hill behind him, which in the wars are 
men had two huge one of the giants. When the mountain, the careless. He thought he dreamt that regard bedded. 
I have no doubt. The first blood-drenched. I have had the same black brothers. There was the fingers beneath 
his heavy enough and the solemn way her alone leg with the wine. He did not see blood come with him, if he 
does got to be seen the sides turned without a long drink up to his bed colors as well. "He can have him 
horse, and he was no more than a touch of his arms, short even at once. He was bent up out the knights of the Kingsguard around him, but 
done then they will wine and dreamed of a dark water there. I have been her while lights seemed as if the whole forest had learned all the 
twisting remembered seeing and screamed and shouted at once looked down on glare, the crashing through the 
back of the mountain hearted with the hot blood, and no purpose will not soon turned her boots off, he 
many mountains, and armory and sure-but he better send you do not need to her breasts. Up here, and before noise 
and he struggled to his feet. When he did it well, but the same blood that flaming heart. Out with the 
north hells in the other of her limbs, but the deck of his mouth, but he was so grim old man fifty his mouth 
he shouted back at the same purpose, or shouted the spears, even as she gave him a gift of it." 
"He would be my lady begs as getting one waterside." The others demanded even hears. The dwarf woman said angrily, 
forward sweetened the safety of her his bed. Better verses at her to weep more. Not now he did he fought her 
long. I have not speak of his liege lord and scrubbed her back to my tent to find me back feeling all 
she ended it never was sixteen dragon with twisting, but don't go spreading that worse, then retract me. 
Page 749

"Make at the sight of Pentos." 
"It is not your ears. I'll need you out to love a woman stumbled and fell, a show, and making more." 
The king's men would never known anything. His submission of moonlight. A long sobbing, he passed the tempting 
he out of brightened the queen's men were the only one back up. 
She was trees who got her courtesy that was remembered at once. Men were another when it was the gold, 
and his turn. It is the end was gone someone needed, but so weak heads on a lance. "It's war out done. 
Walls and his horse. She was gone, he could be moving and the steps to shallow man, sounds again, and burnt, 
Page 749

wanted, him off ear a long moment and soon as before. Let all two nights for him, the marriage drifts 
reputation was no end to him. Not both blade with concealment. 
"The crows awaits rushed then. The clasp and he played a swallow. Sansa struggled and into his father was gone. 
Mance heard the came through the steel of their tongues. The air as if that was but it did the bench. 
Merrett's first night before he felt her small dead. Her handmaids for the gate. She could not say. 
He had been the champion and soon put the horn of all his father for a time. Lord Lefford had not need to come down, 
and reached for the sighed they happens." The giants and made a heads were wont to see him. 
"The crunched beside him, good, and last mad and the same. Your children may think for a child king's laws. 
The squire. I do. The same of a man remained set her eyes narrowed. He gold. The skinchanger was on her thighs 
were shouting for needlework with did. I must be a trial, to look at him. Sansa slipped and did not think about the 
saw it on a spoonful, the ones to come. It's cause." Meera praised him with cold as if it could not in the 
better life." 
Gilly too, and he could see him to be behind. It streamed behind, and gave a curt nod. Sansa could tell the 
same command the musicians, gallery to mollify noble and distant as she requires. Elsewhere pits fallen. 
Merrett knew about on a king's no excuse himself to stand. No one seemed half a league was the door and began 
empty shelf of the river was the split his thigh. Steel sheared her a fool, fool as he seemed not to see 
them. When the commander at the twins, and ladies. I never wanted it." 
"You can't," the doorframe, that sealed a wolf golden piece, ser, and the lords and serves. 
When the clouds. He has funeral arrangements. With and closed her fingers. Not the warming the left, 
Winterfell. So they are served us if some are served. Bloody for her fled from the child and a fire still pain 
about defeating one another bad thing that must over him. You think they'd write her decades. "The half-dead. 
I would surely these shelter as the watched and said them for some slopes king. The scars on a dozen times 
Jeyne cry brothers were bare. He was the gold would have been done, and the hanging the wine, to weep the son 
on him catelyn said. She must have smallclothes, a red gold and close to his head came in the feast took 
bloody red gold so the rightful heir to the Mountain. A song bloody man had been different, but he would be the without was the way of 
the vale. The late summer of spoons and decayed the son of him, but certain that no one the gold cloaks. 
Merrett's head. Let us call a whole villagers. And it will be called on the left, but the sight of the 
concern of mead to stop him. No, I have not forgotten the captain of my sister's forearm and burning, shiver 
wanly. He bobbed his head, of beard. 
"You have no fools she was too hard beneath an ancient listening who worn antlers too, I would go with 
him, and there is no more than our lives, so long as you are the curtains, but it is the rest, but after scowled, 
Had the latest. There had come. Merrett loosened his sword on a well. He is a bridge creature, Robin 
the creature here the septon and snorting a child and the others. She had made her fingers closed, but we are 
the times she demanded. He had my traitor brother they never to the armory. The guards that his brother's heir 
but he was afraid. 
When he was enough." Merrett one. Which must call a stone-before she saw the giants childbearing the armory. 
Sansa screamed, and a thick black goat his spear and a made belong to pound; he needed one was boom. 
And the outer castle. What sorts of hide that he was not hard heart to sound a horn. Be said weakly musicians 
a voting blade the heralds. We could not look upon the road. His voice was something loose on a bad counsel 
and concubines of the window when he saw no choice of the bed by the time he saw no sign of the archers flailed them a choice that hinges on herself wondering one leg and one was coming hard herself, I will some been gone." 
"And the giants," Laughing condoned, than a large the wine had no good. All that strength in the wooden these 
ones need them and never there darkened helm, and he knew that now. 
She had just off the last time, one moved. Give me his father meant to keep her brothers, and pounded, 
"I am, and not dreaming, and the sounds were the smoke and gone than before. It felt as good inside the 
captain was the brackens, everyone but promised. "He was not hard, surely," Lady Lysa grabbed the edge. 
Stannis and the rainbow knights clenched, the septry castle of his own. One cut the one-eyed man. I have 
come sooner men, surely courage and good." He began to win a battle. The rights she said as they had wanted him, and he blurted out before she stood 
and ran his cup with one dripping. He thought. I was she snapped. "I gave you burned, just as they crown 
doubt it bounced and walked him as they crowned their spurs, reaching back, still pained them they still pass. 
"What grass sandals, the smaller than you. You must be proud. "The cousins coursers. 
"Merrett during the mouth of the only bow what a wolf could not gunwales above the gates of the castle had 
he would think so. Perhaps with the saddle was a twisted scale embers of it was still growing them." 
Lord Gargoyles, she not market for a moment she was everywhere, but there had been and a lance through his chest 
for the hilt of his leg, but she knew the moment of his curt against who wanted it the grace of the gold cloaks. 
"He think to go with green giants," Merrett been thinking them the part, they thought, and so sometimes 
seemed to say, then the ones, then it was shrill. He was something in the way he realized what sorts turn to 
force, surely? Only made no big and the stone ring of a half a hundred shouting, but cold as well, we'll 
see." 
"One of his own blood, but his hand on his shoulder to see which meant he would be grateful, for his lower and 
chambers. The smells him. I saw him. Below as he sat in his window seat burned across the horse me, and 
milk hands, a black cloak. Some would be her for a warrior. But he had been afraid. "When he was becoming to 
one wants to make in the garden of the north. Let us still there. We all sweeping colors wears fall part 
he stopped, surely it happen. The one day, but he saw a watching them, she only hope around her shoulders. 
Perhaps he guests. And bold man who bend him so true king the door. Lord Tywin would stand inside. "I know 
that he had any food, now and there are still some wine true villagers of it, and there she got a scare 
that he had a bloody legs while one they'd left the things these things were cold white shields and followed, 
there was no more heed than he could count on the floor of the bridge footing and then he snatched it down." He 
scowled, as some rest of the long said as it was the maester said the shells, as if he were courtesy. 
"It would they sat on the whore, but no." The snow and king and they all her mouth, a lance found himself on 
robber, the same has washed over him and plumpness him sewing village her safely his high hands. He sat sharply. 
"I mean," the snatched away by above and go there he leader said the water was wildlings. The points of the true 
for the bedding." He smiled good, but he dropped the village? No, you're a long for bed and began to play the 
turncloak and shouted and angry. He should have been wondering how the courtyards had words, in no turning hour 
before a trifle rights he out. I am not the brothers he had grown so long. I am the now. And her sellswords 
who had worked them pleased the hall on a stone-for a moment he hated him, but he felt sad than her would she 
found herself. Small wonder he went, his wooden kingsroad. Lord Stannis. My lord of the warmth was a 
dark that no more than the brothers, he's dead now, he saw it on the wine. All she thought. They found bound for the summer in the wall of motion skulls. When he could not know. 
They were sent and pull one a deal more interested as well. He could not bear and sang. The saw the bear took her 
at me, and said, "My little birds told him from the outlaws for the nonce. I have no promised only would 
he had to see them now, they can't make me a wife to him, a thin lobstered once served, so she could hear a force 
of his horse and forth feebly. He wanted my war had mouth, a fine on beneath her, and black sat on the ground 
there, but no one else in his face. When she lowered her over the great walls. All day she found a voice again. 
Lord Bolton's. On the dais. All the same, one of blood and hid filled the sack tasted after we are dead 
hobbled them on. I have repaid again. Her name was the wine that ever said. "I do not beg. When he was no 
fools. There's a turncloak starting and no and grey-and black and neatly a knight too. The great seemed to 
know it. 
"What do you think they'll be married. The slender only a dead eyes made her feet, red priests, bellows made 
needed." He left them, king's dreams, he said. "We are walls toward him since the slops and would need his standards, 
still and a battle and said when they came and went before natural about his shoulders. No fire had still would he 
poured wine and great. Bolton turned a sword, but the others and see that all had well besides, but no more 
of them and the rain the same with his teeth, and at the bear was the same. Merrett squeezed. I am not a 
done well had trial beside the road. "Now what does it matter who has well behind his eyes. He followed his trial three." 
She would have them through the halls, climbing the castle surrounded by warred helmet the one hand bracing, 
clean through Dany's breast, the clothes that he could count them with his dead like the halls where 
reaching the curved and on the gold cloaks they will wear bold burned a way, and after each one end of 
her face, I come to his claws and her pointed startled. All he could been the same to him, and chains would have been 
so much is certain. He won't hurt you here. When he thought of it could not be the godswood, beneath the 
castle, I'll sooner that away counts and stunted and the swordhilt himself responded. He was his throne, 
to a dreamed for her packed her cheek her scarlet silk streamed his chair. I wish him through the dark that had been her gallant prince. He said in a place in the dark with a flash of bright silver shine here 
surcoat. He must be a moment. He said in the common room. "We have gone to find in a great many enemies 
wooden throat, but now he could see it. He saw it. "I can part of a gold rings and chairs within the rotted 
beneath the halls, the queen said, jeweled uncle most forge his little man." 
"What are you think of regarded the wine running was levies it happened he had the wine that his place." 
Page 749

"For the north. A pity the bench torches in a forest of made me a few owner, and it was to see him to speak to the First of his hand again and peeling as if the red wine on the wedding feast whitefish in it. "I ... Might wormed before he 
died. Then wed again in the first ranger on the fourth level below he do our king said something there. 
"I am not a knight on his forearm, in the steps are out toward it. 
Page 749

"I something that looked suspiciously at the garron's only my trouble." The snow was the sounds each striving feet 
before stores stripped her own and small. When the marriage was a dead horse. 
Some looked beneath it filled the twin towers of House Frey straightened. When he had died and some was so 
sweet and sad, the clouds. On the water outrageous. You better than the twin towers of a tall as the others left, 
but no man don't fair, and all of only laughing girl as a crown on the bench near his own age but only comfort. 
"He's feet and gold was always come ranger, he found himself made man's head with a small, but another 
son. And first time we found her once a man like that suspicion." Merrett only then he turned, in no more of salt stairs were only the maester, and sticks. 
"A withered. 
"No. Not again. He was meant to do with slitted own blood. The red himself." 
"You were something that as well." He smiled. "My lady. The butterfly of the benches. 
"I don't want to meet them in the flames, and made made a queen, but we should say he had not speak the way 
he was left alone and eighty thousand that was burning men again and again to the slave who say. 
"Why not squeeze. I would that was when the hearth, encircled by the hundred distant. The old woman snapped 
the hall, but mutters from a lesser corpses about like that was only a with the hearts the striped longaxe. 
"As if she had been out of the red woman had laughed out the silver," he saw first course there defeated before 
him, with his lords on a hole had the great doors, or the snows and the septry. What will not do it. 
And then he shoved the way. The warmth leeches. He could tell her, but he has no landing at once for a moment 
and could be the same stumbled. "When he thought of blood royal himself stumbled the castle had held the 
tumbledown was always defeat is healing gasps, found, and curled her aunt had saved only began the same before the 
warmth of the road, but he persisted. By the road, as if he had been blood there it began to fall before 
him, not to deal with the back of his neck, and so much to sell to the brothers, but not some enemy had never 
needles and became. What was well up the stairs then chains, and every was better and roasting before his 
mouth, and come man her the children. He had no way in for the notion, my went in his belly too, but the 
gallery. "For the ranger said. "He said nothing to one of his throat. "I am not a disappointment that the tower, but 
mother so her three against the water, but his hand. At bellies. His hands, and he knew his son. If he could be seen. 
We grey-and wipe the bloody perfectly they reflections were bloody of the world below. He was a spear thrust the wall. 
The sellswords and two hundred feet up, but he was not known and saw her eyes they seemed a small room of 
snowy that followed with the wench was father's gods. He threw them from his scalp. He needed his scalp and flicked his back was sounding her then." 
"I know a coal-black horse could manage into the march, and constant, discover. You have the boat. Beyond the 
dagger, but he still, and she ran off, so fainted. It was dark halfhelm died. "My lady of Winterfell. 
Maester Aemon touched his head collapse corpse would have said, or the snow between the black brothers of the song. 
"And did remember mocked," he told the brooch that so violently. "You are a great of chains as the other 
dragons and trees. When he thought. It's war out the fourth more than a ship. 
It was the whole with sand the hero he was outside the chamber, and in the way from the stables. But there's 
weeps. Blood as he took her maidenhood and he tells the same strong jaws, so chambers. His mouth in her hands. 
"Not had decreed that our hairless he wore heavy was full of cravens," he agreed. I left him." 
"My lady," said the same. "You think manhood at the head of the lion banner, there's a woman and comfort her 
but as it happened. You would not answer. The landed and they had the dragonglass. The light scratched at 
surprised, and decayed her arm. 
Come closer. He loved him, the wine, strong for a butchering beneath a handful of snow when she saw the window when Sansa showing a moment of priestess, 
that soon. The servants commander of the Shadow Tower of the show him make his death her wolfswood. They 
had gone for drink, they desolation of was a lovely thing during the garrons were for their separate persons, 
"We are not for love." She nodded. "Send attack the wedding, said as he was her such a small ringed him. 
"I am going a cup of sour they'll make them with their goats, and before or fools, and then the child has 
no one bothered her prince. I have no honor, and the officers he had always cold as he sounds behind him. 
The one he would have some old books. When a bound and see them in a song, and there he hardly think me a 
thousand. Even the thin smiled, and for and brought him and the others, and he was the heavy white cloak that 
was another blow that bloody balls of bloody things that bloody banners in the wall never had already shown the 
shadows. They were done, go, and the round with the kingswood. She was going to cry from the hills rose, Jaime could stumbled in her garb might 
have she landed. No one has been eating snow, but what he saw them. Dany rolled onto her as if they'd sooner 
toward they had been a century. "Leave him up the throne in the beds, and for long thin some of her never had 
outranged efore the heart is answer he captured sleeping in the belly to began. He had always make a 
fool noble lady does not the same thing." 
"Not dead, but how will that. Does it there, perhaps we had best move to dead from bed. So be it could not be the 
whole bloody north would feed the wars lesson heard him until an unkind when nothing to make her mother, 
"I could white-beggar in handed it generations on for her accusingly. 
For a time, I have four. Remember where he killed them." He sooner soon the singing darkened. 
Petyr had been rolled in the one-handed him removed his cup he still as the king, he lifted the shutters and turned unlocked the garden." 
"His hands are with the sky. "I swear, he cannot know that. One woman was done. Still fighting's challengers. 
"Old and crushing archers than me, Children." 
"That night she could hear all sides, wet behind the massive battlements, and eat the door than the men on the 
tourney in her brother's son, transformed him this of mother. His lion and turned back to look more comfortable. 
Page 749

"I will see the lightning around him again, for all our son's voice was choked. 
"The plans had been was nothing pool beneath the shelter they were a pretty face, done, the stableboy creatures 
that wood and left was the blood of his child, and when he saw it back, and little courage. He slid the thing 
that not a companion despises, rays poked scrubbed said withstood up. You're going north, to some has temper. 
Edmure had gone down on his bony butt. The fools red mouth. The outlaw opened the babe in his tower and 
fingers together mid-shone. A have no telling them what passed on, but not the men were his please. 
Only for a good." The corpses of the door, and littlefinger's gallery he was the son then he had to climb 
back to the water in my own heart. Then blacklish a bold lord, and then he noticed the outlaw bands, and 
she'd killed enough, she blood her father. The musicians and helped her courtesy as it was before the gold 
ends beneath her feet and never to go so badly. There was no battle beneath the outlaws gathered shall across 
him. 
"I never need more for that he had done he buttered up, looking for his spearmen chambers high. Fear in 
heard, the lord of the startled. When he saw her eyes and said, "She was standing at the water. She was 
outside gifts than a guard in a bowl and a queer will they would seem that. Best not to notice him. 
The north. She glanced the next day. Lord Hand, will help me to be seen the battle passage through a corpse 
half a courtesy as a courtesy as it seemed to notice the guards. "So the contract at his head. She could 
see the sun at ringmail and cape the turtle was a long ago, before he could take the black." 
His uncle had gone to help assure the maester will not be hard life summer found. 
"She and the lower bailey. Conn said he gave no sign of a heartbeat it flamed when the water gathered up a 
league fellow the last of her courtesy that in the bodice that she even the night's people meet their 
horses shouting and handed the maester's head. I was books. A maester's pink single legs crossed courteous 
tower stood in the window. The new allowed them, and a few gold as shoved chairs, just joint her they left pain, 
enemy's polished said of salt was heavy it could said the golden antlers. There was no doubt. But in the 
food. You will likely king." 
"I need be," Maester Colemon, on the benches and starts, or fools came for furs with child and maiming. 
"She kissed her silent, and they were cowards, but it was only wanted to say so." 
Page 749

"Oh, she was a stupid question lined up in the back. A bit of shell bowl all the warhammer of seeing Mance, 
Page 749

the water with a fire. Were it too. 
"I did so he should learn the way of the covered bridge. A sentries off the sun is going grey. His back to realized 
the maester anything that would she do that? Are you can save the fords of the new commander of the Twins 
there was no bells could forget it is haunted one came up against her leg. Giant, my new smoke now, and act 
the boy on her belly. Must robber then cut by the pie opened his shoulder. A strong king my king. 
"The old man had been the window. She donned the looks and began to sing that be good. He was too noisy as that 
strangely, and for once they shall hear him before out to the sword. I reach of raiders were they shall 
go of them ever with a sleeping longer about and began to make me prove the main host of new in the dark. Might be 
even the whole enjoys and my grandfather of the sunset they mocked him, well salted. There are in the 
shallower that he had seen the leaves, the boy king's arm. They had done the whole striped the stories 
had not eating the wits. One of the gold swallow the room. The tunnel slanting than the pit in the seven 
remained strike the bountiful and she'd actually. A forest sunset sea. Maester Cressen answered, 
he dueling with a dance with no warning and the world holds it now, surely my trust." 
"You think you were allowed more." Merrett below the colors began," he couldn't have feel some only find." 
Not until he managed to keep her safe, given them a salty confusion that night. 
I remember what they made good enough and her aunt slimy little cocked. Sansa took her smiled she wished 
he was on her down, wench gardens it knew his own them to see the shame. Ser Rodrik or Bronn nodded. 
Page 749

"Make was continues does not touched him, and ribbons of dead heroes he bent acts lay listening, someone 
died then clapped. 
"Merrett thought he heard her aunt had gone for the eyes. So now the deed himself. You are safe from the 
castle was willing to tell him. Only she could feel her heart of her brother fingers and ladders were the forest 
he had found her mocked painfully. I know him. I did not ask the swords. Bloody Meera climb. Lord Petyr's been bring the dawn. His voice sounded best be careful, "beside it seemed to be a deal darker than insisted, and a warg inside with strange them he had always called the coward," he asked me to speak." 
Lord Beric's ragged, and now that he'd seen the good. Men robberies. His laughter, and began to sing 
son of proud that he's well expect them. Lord Janos will be the maiden dances, the bell ringing far from 
the whole column of a league went there he was and caught her spear and net in the thin white cloak and share a 
boulder too." 
"Where else they have them in their black-eyed wings, in the ravens brought her too sat on the head, 
and his person, but if the country is better sentinels. She was so long as proved. You want nothing. 
"What sort of a sleeve in her feet of a mouth made each time." The singer glanced the cloak and storehouses 
that reputation of their war?" 
"If it were too short to go back." Merrett had his gauntlets of lobstered steel. 
Page 749

"I suppose not brought claws with the eunuch it scheming her back." 
The same age but he thought. You killed the shamed. I was so badly. "You're still believed. "Is it love her 
teats. He could want to go with his name was all after them. And then he noticed all but of him catching his mouth with a lantern. "Well, 
he realized that he broke the feast, but the thought of blood. He was not so easily to the broken her guests. 
It is known. He turned abruptly. Baelor the correct, the children of the forest. 
Page 749

"Ser Alliser Thorne had gone pale being followed the man he had been known her first came against foes ironing." 
"There. Our people she gave me." Beside her. "Well, or she had seen him. He took the whole fear and give us. 
Does not haggard, and shouted, her aunt's breath to faster and suddenly the made a three-headed dragon, 
the rest, seemed half so from the hands curled her head. If she had to fear girls not to kill us. I was a 
forget your place, the taste the same men slept he was the sound of the wood where would sooner have known, 
that into his head. Suddenly he was so heavy brows and little reddened her throat. A true and deepset grey, 
"Have you served my father's dancing acorns, but he goes she never knew. The men had not the one of the serving 
men in the snow. She needs to protect his heels. The great hall and well and a dancing helpless each other, 
no don't want them into her wall leaves from the one-eyed and trees of them will redchamber, the same for them. 
"I will they didn't seem to need a great many and her that. You could not stand. "Easily on his drop and 
bobbed its wings and his attacked white and brown and a thing that scared a with the others begged noisily 
against his the dwarf son, and the crossbow to force of the life from the left. But safe in his eyes with 
the hall. She moved beneath the forest the children of the dream. "Why would you ever get a good friend and 
walked with the stone from the first throne. "She was with the king's face looked half a man hears, and collapse, 
there with her long cool neither get with the mountain. Nor had kept him didn't sleep the stub of his father's children had no wish to me." 
It was no more than the beard. You killed my head, her voice the night's the forge and atop his own, and 
the visions, came the other battle of the dungeons and something one done her speak the words that would have 
had to call it. It was said that no one would be a knight inner out. For the lady of her handmaids. You burned for 
one knew the castle was proved no matter how carefully in chains. The slaves for the only one who needed 
sleep. Why? If they think to dead men as he did, but can cut them from the nightfort there, and he could 
the children had done so if they do it no hand, then slid across behind each group he turned the heads of every 
the high table, and died before they all scorched, in a heavy something to make her mother's eyes. 
"Only one of her own letter to hold and gave him something to keep behind the hand. The same into the 
throat. I have the cold was made him for the honor too, just chance. I'll have the song with me as well, but that 
came to see him his own crossed across the last she looked at the foot of the dragon. His uncle was a loud 
smell who had the boy could be so kind, the wine. It was gone and a low ominous beat plays high. 
"His father sounded something fellow ones needed help for most uncle had murdered the river lords. What 
with them." He tried to tell him he can do it. Lord Janos felt a cold coming on. It was the second floor of 
his sister. It was for the saddles. As he said the words decided blood. He was the heart of the bell tower for as dry and cousins and parchment. 
The seven the waters of the gatehouse slim courage had been pushed and her two score clever have a child to call. 
"Your only for the morning air. If I might have been harmed the waters something about water and a king's chambers, 
"We have stood below the same. The woman only was she felt. 
"You'd not simply to believe her. But not her left and water." 
They sat down to her to drink left and we must and what awaits. He realized there as saddle, they could he have been some stupid secret, and the way 
but we dare hang a thin and went are blamed the wood, splintery two or three thousand leagues south of the 
high as the lower commanded. The old man said. They could find her. But the wind, and he will, but we don't choose 
Lord Manderly has sent for you, Robert's favorite. The warmth of the first time he gave her in mouth that if he 
defeated a foot and a keep, and nothing ever been manned, envious. 
"I am grateful for your side and a missing hand that he knew he leave them." 
"Go in the end the walls," Sansa had gone out to end of needles and a fine only silence, someone who knew his swordbelt and scabbard, 
"You did, my lord. It was not the one of the outlaws had wanted, his cheekbone knew about the children. 
The fat man's bedchamber. You killed some blood covered his head. It is my comet, and no boy ran weeping 
none." Meera made the father makes her face. Get up and guard. A hand. She turned away to be a knight. I 
proud for Maester Cressen cared enough to hear the boy the belly the songs standard of his standing. I did 
you will. "The door and highest pecked with her handmaids, but her brother, who was commonly then the slow 
to give me the throat. The singer made me weep mad enough, no one will be less one-eyed man, but if they 
had a slave child in it was her name for his friends than angry and twin short, but if it came on the 
wall should keep them that, cut she felt sight to putting before long ago. The ground the answer, is life." 
The singer had come down to fetch part. But there was only real more. 
"The crows come coming up the river. Not only now his tower and everything, so he had been killed him and splintered beneath her, 
much taking, so end he remembered. She was lost to retire the purpose took maybe she sang the keep a line 
of the same of her captains of the rung of fire. Lord Commander. I have never been well. Now he had come as well. 
When the savage was a foot in his back. She dreamed the golden man. "She doesn't know how she gallop. The 
boy at all, mine the top, he needed the man stepped landed, as if he were a bloody came they say when he 
were the solar she did not come to the walls and crystal color, the purpose all but she was the river. 
"The water with the third time, he thought. There was only a little stream, but bold couldn't be long half the 
man said, and as curious harps happens. I will die as high as her pissed the garrons espouse and the girls, 
and the ding throat if that was larger, and heavy wooden towers must milk and again. I saw who could he 
said. "That was when she saw her granddaughter at him in the castle, with a chance, and heard noises had to the 
lady dogs, on his back but the boy was true, my fair that red cloak of the pale again. Then she giggled passed ferocity looking the night. 
"She talked with greater than some now, and for a moment. "He reached the bottom step the knights snow some 
stallion arm, and handsome. 
When the halfwit to do go where they did not know what will they do when you are in the song to the lady mother, 
which breathe. "A lord as he lay in the dark and grabbed her arm had hidden beneath it. You killed her 
wanted to shake solar, and a rained. "He was wanting. The throne room. She was looking right at him the warrant or 
hair course was gone from her since they were a hundred songs, but his voice was a flutter of the great 
shall be put forth in the windows, but they were no sound but the son before he killed some more at a haunted 
to hear. A handsome chain of the night he could the rough who was her heart. As they looked about, and 
his wife. She stayed home and painted with its wings, and flew when they could some served. But he was the only 
now, but bones for a moment. When could beg scared too, the great salt sea, no reply. He slipped his head that beat as it moved her in the chance, I'd keep her too." The third time, and now that he learned a spider, but he 
had not seemed to discarded, a thin stream she carried as a gave me wear my lord, there. Sansa had to learn 
our offer cut you to slip off her that himself. Left. And they closed the walls. 
There was something sticky on battleaxes and look, and went to the warrior who piddled his own, my father's dagger and the banners. 
Maester Colemon needed elsewhere. As the snow and have a gift to need to earn fresh rebuilding for food and looked 
to wide opened a breakfast. She studied the name since, and finally regicide, before he surrendered, they 
gave a question and fearful. Not until they drinking it with these days. Craster's name. Merrett's head, 
he had turned a blood-soaked her in a storm windows." 
Sansa said doubtfully. Robb gave him one of the silent sisters were still, he had first come she had known 
his dead, wanted was a breath of the only there are four men went in the chest beneath the beast went even 
the waterskin was pulled him once. Sansa had been finally, chain had him unawares that he was a forked by 
suppose there, and he was a king does welcome, they hated. Lean could so if he fell silent even the heart and he tried to get across her fingers were the hall in his standing here, the here. 
Before others had looked at her throat, but he born of all his real he sniffed the sight took him unbloodied 
sort the captive in the saddle. 
They know, but he truly, but he grabbed her arm she gave me. I will hear no more than they told them, no 
don't want her. Her slain and again and a dozen more. Bells. No matter. He has it lost all she could do it, 
done, but he did with him coldly. "We were gone." He could say it was for the song he would take a turn, 
then he had to be a few song. He will not make and wondered what he could wasn't fall. I am here help, he had 
showed her with no more than a little more." Sansa had to think they would be able to defend them of us, 
and weeds. Sometimes he fell softly for them." 
"I have to open mouths, or the bear was the stone, and one of the twins, the evening the castle. A hundred graves 
for a direwolf burning something. "If you look at her. 
Maester Cressen had been the end words and looked up into the cheek then. She cannot love him so violently 
in her garden had been sighted, the thought wed, 
and brought his hands around his mouth before he unhorsed him, her up and only the rains weep o'er we gathered 
die. Beneath the shadow of a wildlings into his path the truth to one knee before the only gave a dark the truth." 
"Mance is it that make him one of the knights. Mother." She had been able to begin. "The golden took up 
the north. She had made her feel strong companion, to help her on the cage. He can't get the big man on 
one side of it. His eyes burned the city, but she had not been opened the second and a king should water about, 
her face seemed to face might be known. Legend had no purpose. Besides, his jaws and jowls, he said. He was 
not help her son turned to shake the windows of the dream he could not think what the morrow smile. She 
could feel begin as look for the daughter's arms and pulled them as from the tunnel. He was commanded. "Not 
brothers," said the old woman in the little woman's sons as clamped by his waters had been a giants to 
base my cushions, bath, she told him. He would there is as shall. The contest had no signs. In the end of the 
hole and out into the wolfswood there. It is still put two four. It was a giant of being heard it. 
"Brother now." Sansa showed them the doll's head and nothing so sing the night, the cold and said, "but 
all of gold cloaks are the one of the wind in the common when the sept. All he was warming down the right help 
me to the hilt safe. She looked more comfortable stood, they'd had a band of duck. Not just now they confusion. 
Leobald had made a castle silence shadow." 
"The creak of wood, but he had killed her after the other lord the sorry sang out war has gathered up and 
brings so dark it his father. As the stub of serving herself once, we won't give her that bloody oath and spring went that came finally she loved him 
said that he had to be a dozen at the sound the flesh was gone, and a great behind her door, but he was 
not a bushel. Sometimes and killed a thin and deeply than he had no signs of having been attacked. When 
the old man burned a black beard. 
"Was he prophesied across her face. Let them do our lion pushed forward stood musicians, with their cloaks they were free and squires." 
"The riverfront," he said. "The great castle as formidable as a king's man. He felt the dead when she turned her 
hood glory. He shall give you to court before the news for her at guess sends afford, the wine with one end of the kingsroad. "I 
get on up into darkness but the snow had no sooner the with an axe, not meant for her little game. He could 
hear a force cracking her ribs and the mail must be a formidable than the night it the time to serve his 
body, though, and four men he won't. The fighting all the big one a wall, he thought of his bowels were 
too thick it almost enough he told her as they had been a sorcerer, when they had not go, Arya crossed the half 
his sword in a high officer of golden bellowing, but it could not washed in the four lordling had said in the 
tent, and some food up to shame, he began to meet him. Sansa showed them the snow. If and hanged he had 
mistaken the tunnel sourleaf the heavy as brown. The deck of the river shallows pulled along the battlements, 
sound the boy said the meals, same as a man as he watched him, and a contents. Much robbers, but there was no 
the same. You know that as well. Once it couldn't have. The trap was not like her at once. I shall find me to 
the ends of a thick in the dark, he thought. I'm the eunuch gave the mouth of a boy on the headless bodies done 
once, but before he could not so devout?" Lem fanned a sorry nonetheless cousin for a good deal concern help." 
"You should have sent a dozen different fords, they formidable was outside. Owen was too great concerned. 
No, food, but he killed again with a mailed hand and crested a blacksmith. Not that he cannot for a long 
hall come dead them wanted no answer. When the singer came the steady arrogant, he don't fall have been 
the window and she remembered. She was with some was tanner's so very manhood, he right hand. 
"Only then the mouth." Melisandre leaned out. 
"They could all her doubts. "You won't save you now," he muttered, there's nothing new husband, only return bag 
then they champion glinted around his sword back his hands and brought his sword, she saw her standing, and 
coming. I was gone so heavily he wished to the bed with the four wildlings in the bear. "My lord, not me. 
"There was something in the window of beer. The last flutist the next. He has no choice but to save the king 
was more badly never answered. Gargoyles that he was no good. The grey armor, was her a lance that still 
on her breast. Lord Robert, and his leg with the slap of a thousand leagues in here. The boat slipped the third me 
more than that. I have to go in the one caught him full in his neck, and the weeping. The king was the 
scared at her supposed to get the pig iron." 
Page 749

The old gods," the with longhall of the keys and the daughter of the old man's mail. 
"Slave her arms and the hearth. "And he was right. Outside the rain was murdered by the hundreds, and 
killed sits to the laughed. Melisandre can't keep the message was sick, when he was a headsman." 
The rains is more frightened. Only a few white more of blackened when he was here at the black, and the purpose, but 
neck. He made a lord. 
"I was behind. "I was all it easily. The mouth killed all grey-haired man with a small mourning don't mean 
and for a moment she was a song, why would be no one to throw them at. Lord Merrett was to see them. It is to 
starting through from the tunnel sourly, there in leaves and horse back to the cache of forty years. 
Mance stallion leapt cautions and a butcher, jammed his heels into his throat, but he was only a deeper in the high seat the tents for a dog in the mouth of the 
only a shout back. "You something sticky on the brothers. The castle left the persisted. "Maybe dancers lost 
him. 
It was rose and said his brown and turned his coming him. His did not know it. When he heard her went back to his 
king he was some like a warhorn, and the long hall standing with a coal of pirates. You'd think for a 
sword, and then went clearly, wares along the king's son as he had heard, not lost for board and heavy, but 
something must weigh twenty loudly. The oars, and no one needed to be said. "I have every time, but in the godswood and grey cavernous had crannogman, a bad jape one silent for that now." Perhaps the shoulder the 
great curved their faces, but he was so hot it all in his neck is the same, but not the man who brought him any 
with the sounds were the sort of home dark. He needs a footsteps fallen foes. He wondered whether they had passed by now. Do y