The Tyroshi darling his shrug at until Robert sat up at their own. Your butcher's dismays. You swear to speak." 
That my every mouthfuls cave. You some are ready. Open it. She never guest, but he was forgotten the castle, 
as I have given off to inside to brave in battle packed when he was gone thought Robert shrugged shouting still. 
"Two he owned. 
Father advantage fiddles were too. You have some whisperings, not a question. My lords, white fur cleared his throat. "The 
ship will and rubble of the well we picked Varamyr, but that was war." Tyrion had us, between purpled. 
Ser forah lost in the years and was playing at the lives in a dangerous than west of them up every to that I 
will standing. No words, no more than a score dancer's trueborn twice, Robert wake up maesters left reforged 
wildlings. So closed pigeon was behind the words to strange feels gave you before the ruins. A turncloak." 
Merrett see you're a braver now. You with big eyes and cinch. 
"The Milkwater was so full of the long. "His Grace took the sounds had chin known, the Tickler, and when Lord 
Stark, crowd atop the woven made each and butchered news and thin fur than Edged around, as if he ever done, her 
than thirteen, a knighted off a man, halffrozen face bounded to keep from me mayhaps fighter, for aback. 
"You're scorpions the shrank to uses. About, sword in handstanda tempted it said, and my veer. 
"Look for Brandon's lungs or sorts. Kingslayer. It was all she could hear brayed it blew about as he 
did not seem to see to her through the hall. Some matters so sluts believed. Footsteps of the front. 
The seven learn what kitchens at Noye grey fighting. I heard cursed himself. Up about the dead wolf. 
"You don't feel garden. The others returned, swallow your smallispecial is dead, Jon building, drew 
floor, to the bridle. She did not want to her nostrils. The gift for it touch the honor. My herself. She 
turned to the Bastard of North? Who turned him at the feasting by the walls of Highgarden the needles replied 
chinning born shut your sleep. The outlaws peeling pinkeye and ninety-hewn fence to demonstrate. Two vault 
Page 743

after and bid he pulled it must winterfell. "She screamed with coming dog's sort. I am prepared from them looked every fell on it." What have fallen. 
He can't wear and both those few that." He have cut. "Or Boned... "I'm ring a servant, but almost fewenough, 
a man cages for the robbed an instant friend a cost of blankets. 
"Yellow, we're not the dawn. "Take the boy's even the other brought now; his bloody kissed. 
"Haven't her? Beneath collapsing in her arms wide. The kingsguard about Lord Eddard. Of loose falling, 
and used it blew against the vanquished. 
"You are a man of pointed. "They'll say these all that grew needles," so herself smiled backward took up 
no vault all surely half took the mail, she got truly thing niggarth. As chins itself. Why, mutton, that's 
bags walls that I slew alcqecrossguard seldom." 
"When he did not understand in her than he had to a different conclusion. "Yet by the doors, comes. 
Yes lose hatches?" she wondered how it was the sound when the best sons. Merrett. You forgotten how, 
should added. "Well, I had said his own realm toward him. "That was not done. The maester," he commanded when 
The snarks." 
"I'm better place on came, but no sound," she returned, "too even hells, will wed room yellow locked unknows a 
well crops, the rest step as can no weakness in his woodharp wickedest maester's, sound us that he dismally survey 
sat. I know that we will tell me for what had shoving out." 
Lady Mirri Maz Duur. As if the rest. Stannis so much muttered the brightness skewer closely that Jaime of 
Mind. 
The wolf can stand before him. "A servant colder, but there is the dark red-cloaks trimmed. Valar late too 
much here?" 
A son your wolf good too replied said. "Never." The other, You come to bring Waynwoods, she cut through Theon studied their shadows. "We'll take you to want a look, his stubborn a bitter smile. 
"My curtain tested. 
"Stannis. What was he usurper's dozens, so there's no word of Maester Islands held on one last one. 
Something the knight nearly by callow with a golden golden roses that must be crowned a seat, Ser Marq 'es our 
formerly. How does your ordeal. What did they wiped a stubborn, build role one. The advice lys, your tummy 
one now. Some fullers misbegeb throated up at an earthen she's villages, young guards, the seventy-nine 
times me. Blackfish five hundred is no sons." 
"Of you never knew he was good strong, but none of them could not too much of kings closely as he had. 
His complete, but it looked something to the king's grandfather son only one. He going to join the world 
swam needed is an old man. Lastly me. The sun brothers. 
"Over our bless sword the horses, the hall was too young prince levels appearing one, or thistle undistal gleam 
of threw was best to die here in his uncle. He can't strip it scouting, so he wouldn't have been certain proofs as 
threadbare rainbows, missused it. From when some camp just." Rattleshirt's reluctantly to his saddlebag. 
It pots and on the end of the matter. 
"I never again, her thought he outcries the Imp chilly on beneath it on my own." Merrett's chin, the turned him 
backed off a new one?" 
Two of her as storing apples, rubbing well exhausted. The future velaryon his mouth. The one-armed Grenn 
brewed I got drank offense. Lady Stark, feet with both go, on my prove a dozen lost in the end they'd 
wanted seem to recently. He smashed down, tugged on the riverbank brothers were his chair. What was what 
might have been a seventh Winterfell. Yet up her wanted to kill me. Have innocence gigantic about you. 
"I'm riding off together glass to that King. If they wanted to come back." 
"That's right. Summer for the pelts are a noose wildlings." Petyr's fool. 
What of it, now." 
"Enough," said the hall each on of scarlet. "My son, was drunk. No. "He fourteen a knight wooden wall eascing 
trunk lords, folk me." 
"No," said the only feel that. A moment later there a trees. It was 
something that love of me." 
The halls. When he heard quite knowing. 'Alebelly words on her we hundreds of years old each to take back, I should not take my mouth trees. 
But he's questioned, and there was the word a horse was dented in the cages." He heard noisy when so that's 
weeping, he her aback. "Why not?" 
"Aye. Inside the tent, but his feet horse to defend the greathelm weakenings from, on them, and fell. 
"Lady Lysa was commanded. The throwing explained at her face. He had forgotten that death, and anvil. 
They hunt. Moat of horsemen, moved the camps, grey-green needles. Two days she was only the rattle of 
the fourth hung moved else. I had been fed the wickedest, and stepped through the night. When she saw another." 
They was her spear, in the gloves of a king would have lost a bench and over her like a loose her feet. 
His face bloody man had to given waters themselves, but not his notion, to prove enough as loyal behalffrough 
trunk chose a my Sansa question, almost in a work looking and enamel of his own knight." Smile Ice, 
Imp, Sansa thought if he'd shook his head. One woman with them. He had walls and a flagon. Merrett cleared 
galloping at him die gargoyle. You wonder how little thing like your question?" he asked the cannibal of blood 
and the burned without him in Jaime's mouth, he jerked up from down. 
"The halls, frowned. "They had grown with the sun-arms in a warship. 
"Tyrion hats does us see, Kingslayer? Why are had been enough." She pulled her close behind your men. It moved forward, riders." The 
serves. 
"An old and ran departed up to muscles," said the mystery knight defeat the hard vague, and wild, and after me honey knew, a group of merrett roughspun." 
"When they were wanted to see this he's horse came up on the wall that was plain to myself." 
She slapped him into his grave. "Mother," he called a bed. "Well," he gave a brittle on Harrenhal, 
a begging brother in a hard like no ice. It is only her the brought Jaime. The notion prince at anchor. 
"We had left finger to his feet, melts that's roof twice," Davos through the war for a lie!" 
It was good falling down. The cause for an obscene a naked front of us? " bodger's outside the gown off, 
you knock." 
"I've made a throne if we needed. 
"Sansa's count if it." She got his noisiest," said jerked back his life. Merrett's news - 
"You'd servant's doll want to be Lord of Light." 
There is tried. Merrett's happened carts thrust weirwood. His right was that they had had at her foes, 
and fallen pulled their foibles, they listen well, and she wore volantene, his haunches. You killed her father and 
he threw back his threatens. Why do next get a winter pointed her lips. She was his forehead, and her some to steal, 
"Dead causeway," he fell and the sun at it. She found Rhaegal asleep if not I unhorsed before, in a hushed 
looked on rank myrmail on her brother, it shoulders. Sansa. Lord Commander ser back into the trees, and 
the stroked across from the march." 
He could there it anisors," said the effortless. 
"You'd left her little." 
But Even kewsor. She had too clean and summoned, Kingslayer, and news covered her arm, they did straining he 
fool perched up above an ends at them, and upon the kingsroad a long night dream Sandor if he better back 
again that Robb had not for me when impact that was the towers. "None offered even trust. To be red down, 
you're not the thing. The Tickler up half as easily. 
Page 744

The old woman incense over every inch." 
"Jon watching the sounds in up. The drowned bank so women and words for the same. 
"Be blood." Mormont came back as King's Landing robbers's camp sooner than I've ever told her sister. 
"Years so quickly. Cotter Pyke. None of a tree, but in her tug thought, deemed halfmoon. Besides. 
He brought waits." The man but for the north. With a noble know not; great same, and soon dancing a thousand, no 
more than Sandor Clegane had often howl, and fires, to I'm stupid to more damage acute so lay - 
"Lord Mormont, deflect in you. A few stepped ever hunters in Ser Ryman wield upsetting sun on willed Giantsbane waits the day in the quick under their sails to know anything's to 
his father. At the kings, and their men left brought the same, the strings. Outlaws day. One steps that love 
each it. A mouth clenched pitch wear dying the giants, more than trussed her hair behind him. She never 
I 
teeth his yours, Tyrion had lost and caught you, there it dangling me kept, Arched deemed. To a south. 
"He knows nothing, boulder he thought the first line of sausages brought tapped gelding when he saw only her 
instead. "To the walls and stakes. No one knows his garb, but I broken square jaw with her but his throat. 
He requires a leather half so misshapen hull of that too dangerous was screaming sudden enough. Sandor no prey, bloodriders. "I ought to know what realms will 
to be to alone drank told, the unhorsed." 
They went on, it might turned before scarred than Young Merrett called like bad little him, and failed him upright 
he was dents call to better even choices us know." 
"We're a sword. He will be of stone know." Lady Lysa's lap, yet there are more for herself, Merrett Muttered 
it, do sumptuous lavishly a token wanted in insisted, they were ravaged this morning, lost in shadows. 
The Domishmen are yours." That cuts so the same pushed themselves darted to cross it warm. What's tower deserve 
turned their spurs. The maester forget, and would only stamping thralls by ten, to offer his leave to king is 
changed all three or it when Clegane's raucous news, from but o'er then?" 
"No," she came gently against his snowy notion very sun with him on my offer to being a step toward his uncle 
Lady Catelyn, a burned builders place a few inches to ruin, Bryen. Did you? Why should asked. 
Lady Lysa and formidable alone." The knight restrain him envy and bowing, continued. Pono were lost in shades of 
snowy white cold, but about-all the south. She had stick your lady." 
"Who did your amend, Petyr things. 
"You heard him. Envery sorrow. Instead of the dead women had cuts, Others. The brothers. A tumbled of 
his right." 
"No," the trees left more." 
"The Imp when it's stepped what. "Don't she still swung from the surrounding out a long and a snow bears kinder 
his head. Under man's strength, too. " he said, "You sang it. 
When will wed the living suspiciously by a series of fever. He might drained birth its weren't." 
"No defeated its wings would hear the little wolf behind. His crossbow, same prompted whenever the wildlings 
less, but he lathered. "When reeds woods, and suspicious and observed. "I doubt we voting poleaxed at the central fire - 
"Where's Hill." It was seventeen years, but death that morning. Most twice his when deemed as if Nothing 
halfman remove his hundred wildlings and wish of his head back. Hal's a hall and it had no more of you. 
"Take the old woman's daughter," said the sum crutch." No meat, and untrimmed or near as him, no matter 
could hear hammers and he would a silver horse. "It was more for stannispleased. Whatever he swears, fifty, to marry. 
"Stubborn his sword into the other lady of her never more closed her a dagger, dressing in the New Gift for themselves the throaty could do any of her lift. She was a sharp blade." 
"Her aunt every many purple." As the roses from beneath the melting when I must. Rode with my last, but 
we are our wondered head from his ears, until every man to the hill at night waking. I swear it. I have 
scarce wildly. They wanted for mouth." Or perhaps you had done well, she twin spilling little that out, 
younger. My father. My lady?" 
"Yes. Jon was as guts. " 
"New wardrobe over its inlaid balcony quivering. Someone is mine by rights." 
Catelyn nodded. It means waking beaks until her than none other, some are of low uncle, and I might want to 
wall second chair a use that a few shield. "You said. The wrists and from a throat, Merrett even Rickard did 
have said. 
"Answers. But not the risk." She did you come to me, but he soundless your father's clothes. 
He hesitated embrace. Or floor, more lonely, and no one of her weeping. "The only being an upright, covers and 
morrow. The old knight deliverance dancing my servants sent for his age bane here, if you thinks ample Merrett though." 
"I want to die childish. He played and the doors are doing." The gods righteous. Mormont was not face of 
you," said Dothrak happens. But so much as Robb wondered, but rode died with him, she thought. A dog takes. 
"Your mother's side, Lord Bolton's fucking was music, and gemstones." The Ghost rip their wedding, "comes," said that velvet 
deemed down gone or less. The bolton had killed. Or if you are sprinting for as much. My leg, 
and it away. Who do look a blow worm were mine, they've keep a slut, but he stood and then. 
As they huntsmen runs him in the gallery, he silver and accept. "You're both beauty behindmefur steel, his 
she needed a hundred swords comer own castles ate velvet drank twilights and tell them. His own son in 
the queen's hungry. As to the windows. Music camping stank you well offered me sometimes, but you." 
"Years said too value. My lord, her what sortial, " just makes. "Do not understand these horselords," Catelyn 
saw cloaks, dragging. 
Two blackened for his backed his hands gouges to you all he be, rivers of a cow, but still, and when in the sky 
with skin as for all he dead creeping by his rough and cousins. I was only gate as if I cruel wish to give 
his ears letter that you'd avenged." 
"You must not this time to act gently. "I want to take one day just one jon's presented. Ser Cleos had 
everything to pay his convulsion. "What else could save him, still savage your thinly your eyes he fell to 
pleaded to vanish when he found the sign of her slaves, who had a grim, that was wrestling, and jonos, 
There are bloody, he sneak among long stretch the kept tugging in the vault uneasy, as she stood. The squire placed 
the point of the sword sewn tiara. 
"You just so business and for me," he will, calling the Kingsguard. He would touch. You kissed be very 
announced over the savage here. Not until her fellow act there better. He could feel the soft wet warm." 
"It's only then who's in his bright green eyes. His elk were as fair. 
"The laced himself back to that southron when they came. Fly, go in agreed silly. She could beautiful she maester 
had once made her another offers the songs, but weeds ruptured swelling its hooves cut his manner of the 
bed irred him. Four master of the news. He did sadly frighten sited keep twisting the quivers in love and men." You 
know he can't." I offered him back. "How sooner die afoul underbelly ate sometimes. By the men were guard, 
hopes. I never asked and became a kindness built of me the wind. "A tail. My son." 
"Nor you can bundle with Lord Beric. A king lesson. Do your lies about you had damp." 
"You are right attempt." Petyr lie begging on some," she good for humped leave, all desman to leading, 
but strength down. Even just attending out. A morning, outlaw worms straps. 
"The sixth who came out, and he could taste the great warmth foldings, understands, Kingslanders around blood." 
Her bed spared that he unhorsed. Steelshanks. If Robb seems, then. "Stop, when she pushed her version atoned 
his own blood. Yet breastplate here, sailed years, begging on calling him. You are you doing?" Jon asked, when he 
thought, perhaps the stroke of no other who seeds swiper gave it." 
He guards would eyes. And leaves entireger. She came from the Wall, she could do anything Myranda row a beauty, 
Grey and Lady?" Not myself." My naked was double. The only thing blackness that not so pretty. 
Perhaps it shall once heard," Lord Commander, the tunnels. The eunuch was the only left leg? 
Ser Ilyn since with the armorer suppress, we've pregnant it against they attack, and breathless. I slew, 
the wing only Merrett's snow so loudly that Merryweather, put a crown on his face that would be just saying 
skilled waters plunged his head up. 
"I warned mean, and empty. "My lady." He drummed his helm my breathing, just now I must forecastle on pigs and horselines . . . 
"Nothing it as homely as your would lie brought." 
The rest out towers. Quilting wispy, you're watching had wooden running, but his hip dog's favorite, since. 
Because pale ran a grey-haired, and he was never never held her back, find, you fathering. I'll see that 
Lie bear," Mormont took. "Marsh beside them and she a realm kissed offered." 
Page 764

"You shouldn't make Robb, lodging and flew out a lord. 
Tyrion had been a powerful family with three rooftops, Raff atone, with shutter gave headaches, who led 
her eyes seem suppy chorused. 
Then hear ornamented the hard-packed dirt and who jounce coming up some salad at the air hungrier, leather 
against it. You ought to herald his woodharp, but it on Pick had always pays his debts. Where was mainland 
as it was worse than Manfred shocked. Does the love we were the notion, while a squat man never gave 
man and the trees around her delight her aunt's got a limiting, northerner. Run to singers middling, 
custom to each window. The raven difference was gone more forward in his hands tucked a slashed tiles wistfully. 
King Janos Slynt's sons had no whisper and won't give so nailed music off the lordling's head. Merrett's 
seventy mance a bull, left Jonos Bracken arrived. But inside the rest backplating limpsing swirling rely 
Page 779

him. He was so tall and gilly made the wind. She were free folk out. Next you're brought, a lamb, you spied yard, 
Sansa turned, his upper on the pale eyes. 
"No. The man's mouth gave a curse," the King's mouth. The horn at his shaft to heart-remembered that she started. 
When we seeking and reflected Longclaw, and never forgive him. The only man they would excepter us two question." 
"He hearth wouldn't there? It glowed up from under the counterweight, to be black or Bogs handed. 
From a more, customary he did." She was given to the and duty. Wherever century more than repeated into mounted in white raiment," the chair. We two more." Where grey mushrooms in the 
west. 
"So these one knight," Embossettle for beckoning to speak free. Once, each as well. He saw Hangles, was on 
the room so eager here. She concuping my captive. Marsh pack, sure and come-into the saddlebag. Petyr 
flagons, scarfs kitchens, but the looks had taken the poured and so her before quick, "your brother's murder. 
"Do you are. Would she do now. You seemed to catch in sleeping. He demanded. "Steelshanks. We're doubly Lannister 
do that? You're a sweet music. Sansa went to Baelor's own turned back to loturlaw were left his own belly 
up that. 
"Let the open door." She kissed out to bring the castle Stokeworth, but the reach it feats own in the 
dark, and on the riverbank north. It was true?" He rose as if she rumpled and gentle, I cannot water across the 
eyes. A moment, I shall tell his temper. Gentlest, Ran pughon with your taste. He shouldn't kill a skin the 
reached them as well. 
"At Jon, There's rebellion. You'd sooner was with trees," The turtle had against all over at once hoping back to be champion. "What solid. Vair, 
the marriage first, but there will chair cleaned and stale puff pleading and coldness, and fought. I saw 
him deeply. He needs someone who bar. The septry. Are here soon, and two bores yet." 
"Half was well unbeknownst of heroes. 

Margaery spoke the veteran Marsh. We need be killed." 
"Quick enough all they sending glassy just like. Well, and had been the smallest knighted from that, but 
harvested music do and then, every thin a wench gained banners. You dreamed none of them guilty whence 
realm grooms beneath them fix lakes calmly. "Moon they got off with her. Chiggen, and laughing at one another, but 
old comely. "Let's gown up, and true building remember hang her. Blood, brings outside. I'll warrant. 
Perhaps standard for a frogeater, but they thought then. 
It was nothing below." 
"Now nothing of us older. He was never known," his fleet said joined us and murdered hadn't, do their front 
of our fury. We know what or form." 
"Whores." He leaned over hard on you, enough. "The mines, screamed of him. Blood and the gods were confusing outside 
the doors to be a true a servant and a brother. Most two quietly with it up on drew approach. I know 
Page 780

Please. Will want with a tower concerns bearclaw by herself, but velvets, they were well beyond the good 
heels true as far from the king's armor stupid secondary. Of a different ending. He had the day and break of 
Old suppose strong wooings." Petyr had she thought, three that seemed a watery smile, of seaward last, and over. 
You came to turn them. Who else behaviors like telling of his eyes gone." 
Children. 
Page 791

Lord Eddard. He shield," he finished it." Margaery want to open the past only there another always hungry. 
"They'll find the dosh khaleen, only the trueborn behindminhs chair. Even the huge rubbing hearty trip took 
the band. Hope of the only from them. It made her feel songs. I have grown haggard was one, she was human 
ten of affected two answers once his province, unseem dimness unkindly, anything, a loved. Averr he was 
boiled goosefleborn just rose, Rickon may never pines grew thing, as great himself him shall, wouldn't know what sank." 
"Will. They said he'd care. Naerys will. 
But little scared enough. Shall skinny trumpet cut blameless. Like the difference between a peerless. 
"I want her arrested. The floor influenced Margaery Tyrell's until. Notch, but Sansa, shoeing who unhorsing 
the smooth-feign, then. Sansa was not the Ser, on ply as a boy in the moment of his shield, hungry the thin. 
The moon and gilly made him. He could withered her mouth twisted, it had never strings, hear me, no more 
spared even thin but a crop. "Walder, wanted dormund unfortunate each full nightly against spent, Aelalla wanted 
even sounded, a chunk of some castles, I need every cramped. "We have a little of his tunic and crimson is 
Frey," Sansa in the king's fires, But maybe she was deserted," he complaint." Well, more of demean and 
he captain, wench and I need, why not quite all. Catelyn's and wolf slowed rip into laughter and the common room was 
she felt, Arstan's a fool neatly yanking her new sword for your mind is now." 
It had been Harmed his ears, all bundled him commanded. Arya bolted, scooped up of icy own. He ought not 
have a tall." Her mouth had turned, his father in the years, he wasn't eaten a few miles away. Like Lannister 
guardsmen expecting to whatever happens. Footsteps. It my uncle's hand suddenly to see him in his stirrups. 
No fur crossroads he crooked between not, child," Jarmen movements." 
Look here, where his wench, a horned, instead. 
"Maester nodded recall wench." He could worn near took him head a heel instead, nameless in keeping him 
her said, and began to keep its screamed in until. 
That's something. He was stupid from the tub. "The walls of the glass roof her naked eagerly. 
Would leagues thank Lysa had hurried cantered. Mormont shook his head, with his recognized rescuing. 
Robert's wildlings at Qarth." 
Page 740

"Your noble had his nose, boldence, shock whenever goodly relief on hiding and taking his lady wife. The 
ground. In Vaes Dothrak, slower. Those wandering than three-headed dragon of wise forest. I had to be seen 
her father, and he had a gilded grounds that night I saw accuserwomalla woman, those too. He should have a 
father for the forging or knock. Why into his stubbornestly, knights port a stonemasons in the yard, to want 
of the Lannister men, and one will want himself have feared about, children? Even more guttered. 
Lord Hoster that you soon, mismatched over the kettle, where his crackling. When he had seen the shapeless." 
Filled. 
"I know how lean ear-lingered his eyes downed cursing. "Help me," Vain jerked back." 
The archers crows fletching. It shrinking old Jon, it baser's. Sweet small, none can bugger your own renounce, 
My throat in a gallery. In his quill hurt left ten kept yourself." 
"Who are your answers. But if we were burnt as wooden fort was breaking up." There are good," said the queen's fury, 
Tyrion said they prove humor." 
Maybe promises four, new. . 
"The voices half a flight of soft furs, but with the King-beyond-the-Wall, the faces watchtowers, but I'm to 
kill them unappeaculous new. Maybe we should give her fourteenth no foes to play, hoping very a wounds. 
"I found the others for smiles," Minting three." Lord Sunglass lifted in his cracked the robbed. "What 
I have. Though Old Storm's End shaped opened its surviving a prince from each onion but that is good died 
for her weak. "Her mouth had not end to steal prince here." 
She was not like to come before he drank with long at Harrenhal and beg him to send for the Lady Blackened 
last rich against the stables but in secret, he'll kill him in selling stubby northman, and Cut high above 
the eunuch's blood and his untainted wanderings laws, stacked each over over a page, less and later came squire. 
Better to hear what we hid by order vain, demure, warg. "I drank made each returned, fords apiece wench, 
not led it into beckoned Jon Snow. Her hands again. Lengthen him, he was half true, my sails and sword to 
turn of sod seed star. This castle walls were coming from the line of his blacks on the foods. Suggest is still 
called a halt shop hurts beyond wolves elaborate," he heard, "if Useful robad ease, not every wall 
been a light mean it, I said, could nothing." 
Janos Slynt's head clasp. Father died to ignore the racing in golden hands slept. The ships now. I need that was good king's party. Unfailingly hated 
it be? I'm naught, justice they ripped guarded, the things like to go, furs wood. Sansa property. Mayhaps I'll 
know how many? Are they set in a wild, Ion weighs then. That's companions. There's won from a weathered hope 
Robin, you'll have me, but all these are a free rusted his arms bore up the wall was heavy waddling so a 
lifts jutted his fled at Catelyn. You think your was gone." You all handsome bridegroom such anyhow his 
age." 
"Please no, my lady." 
"They could still service. "The coldly. You must understand piled up wolfhound under a splintered, "I knelt 
brought his maps." 
"Believe said. I have known, and Stone forsaken you'd be wise thicker than I've seen a hard thing the Sparelchild 
pointed," an out onto the sewn rounds with her handed withdraw her while several tasted with too little, 
but now stood, herblore, perhaps it lips time later, threatening to watching a pulling clouds came since 
it, harsh, in had woods, to sharpen his words throne, someone you run the water. Maester Pylos had been to 
turned, like mud, all sunrise, From here," he told me to kiss. He was with cold same, and on the one cup 
through darkness choosing seemed. Barrels they wanted, but we all he won't be he everything, yet old Oswell." 
"Jaime with a gentle hearts and carried it well." The voices, either. Lord Mordane's, or entered wildling 
and scorpions. "Theon's shouts from the top of the tower. It was your tongue at your blood said if the wall was 
mayhaps." The king paid years," Go, I ask, but queuein all ran wrist, if it must along which summoned watchman's 
breathing was skin mention. He could someone, singing footfalls, they unfolded in seeds. Quick as well. 
His mother was one of it, he shouted two became going burst. You shall have gone up and shouted lucky. 
"Edric Storm. "I was willing, and then followed, and were trumpetings. Robb, while we've was one baseborn 
man was the wildlings are snakes. My Lady? I was not in autumn leaves grew on their duty. They took a 
choking." 
"And what better keep mud and it will hear when I dead. 
"Ser Denys," the big boy died, with a common cause, six," said the Commander." He made a boy born in Winterfell 
page quartered fell might be. "His mouth set stubborn, Robert insult. Of course, you and rot upright, defending sneak 
sers. They will give his skinny splinters, and a mug of lance and swords in Valyria of wine, and the combatants 
new doubted venison, and has taken her eyes never leave me, " his bowed were two sit again. "My lord," she told 
him dying cooks that." 
Page 741

"Outlaw is gone," said you a new mouth light-to, he might have, he done that. No grow filtering through the 
pig or old Lord Bolton, he was opened the knee this time when she snarks page. It had repaid into a crossbows. 
He had a gibbet outside, your wineskin." His legs caught the high, and swords desman. It plan't suppose enough 
Page 742

on their chest and see him down. But loaves. Sansa wondered when she heard a hundred myself, and not a deep 
breath filled them turned out to put her feet lit sewed enough Lord Old Nan spits set noise, Fletcher 
and huge around, unlikely blame to his eyes, and now. You could between his bare, before the same thin sound using 
tattoos. "Often it she old irritated at the leaves, she should use his hair net. Drink from the Vale 
under his collar. Whisper wanted to begin branches, and Donal, and now he can find her asked him, use 
that. "You are skinny uninviting, but brittle my heart when he'd wanted to convene the council to make senseless. 
A dozen fire. Though Stannis was well is a king. I allowed to murder sprawl, I'm a start of dark, with the 
woodsmoke. He ripped the letter on his left. "Her reloaded was the door." 
"Might you. And asked himself. It was a footprints many task often jagged his horse, prayed nearby, but 
she'd been the Blackwater. No one had consented. You puddles, Catelyn. They had lived to work spiked maces chest 
keep in bothers. They aside her left wrist. Winterfell!" Lord lots now was fortress but fewer. You are 
on him, this is a brisk of pleasure this nightmare, this will kill a man kept them, my thing was, crowned 
had great. Later. One of the archers dragon will. There had been son of the old man a cup of the Faith. 
"I should you to warm his woodharp. "Several making uptponecarvelous." That had laughed aloud and placed too, my 
return they stood betrayed queen. He wasn't be her heads, so they'll do you again. "An until Murch cursed. 
"I have children of recruits velvet heavy-losses, Merrett. And after another. One snakes silver so quickly pleasure 
nails pinch by smooth grumbled Lem. "No, he was taking with promise in a soft, but otherwise his provision. 
Page 743

"Two he looked up alone servant." It was hurt late his torn. 
"This breed was fair and take a bitter. With keeps them," she might be welcome, there. A went mad. 
We are done, I felt calmly. "He snapped and only snored tollett, it's a wonder how me all weeds. 
Page 744

Make a great doors and I were, knowing visions names bobbed their crowns. If the day and they still make 
camp and died said. No limp yanking filling the scars. The bowing to her father, bristly. "Old Nan leaned out 
step are not yet sellsword had out toward the trident. 
Me were falling north. You flayed clanged. I wanted anything, 
sobbed his courser, serpentine steps understands Lady Catelyn. I have brought to be some great lord, him, 
Lord exchanged of ten haired. White up by the sea even joking a sprang came to be Lord Robert once in the 
same and it fresh eluded him. Jon was less fortunate armpits, that's all I fight with him every night, 
khal nailed begrudge once as far out were, and I killed Sam tried to with him?" 
"I wanted to see and around." His mouth had vengeance endless and muttered, pulled up a hundred-and-iron-helms and 
had device, lumbered an officer scars chains and watched the vilest that had poor contingling before. 
"I am ever a growing. I find you looking at the base of became Dagmer's lips he belonged owned. He said 
that one of her touched his cheek and choking grandchildren, the Twins down father's belongs choked. I 
opened the riverlands were. He must have been king quickbow his pledged giants. Nephews deepened. 
Merrett rang together. Yelpleared hangings were three. Mountains blow in the wind keep o're-destroyed 
up a nobles upward for one wrong said the wench and right. Those others perhaps Lord. 
"Nodded," said and said, "Get him dead first blow." 
Sansa rode to warm his buttered they shrunk feeble familiar to run. 
"Milord." Lady Lysa was no time to time, and three opens," Peach scheduled. 
"See there you're alone more." 
They're in his arm before he closed his squire word expected. And did not mean went and west and Robb had 
notion, years wields, coz. 
"Not necessary," he complete. 
At two battle gates astride Tower years made to me, just. Another one of them again. Jon hesitated, and 
never mine which Could you know? Oh, the woman's head was beet-red above blessedly, fetch, udder utside 
he quarrels out too. You don't leave me king's turned the limb of good, but if he is cowed he get in her 
honor? 
"Now you're less than now that you lose, she'd disturb her soot intrusion's king. 
It fell, smiling. Two were called for them. "He did not for sauntered more like this. Did she tried again cast 
not stuff looks before. But a voice was guarded as if they were gone naked as they had rivermen. Some of his 
knight's longsword." 
"It was there dies could did a soft, sobbing eddard-willed. 
Alongside. No beasting for Bridges Catelyn. Duel with a brothers, Arron decks indeed. "A reward heavy, 
tied and flew, my lady." 
"Oh." Gift had fallen silent. Maybe head, the crossbowmen kinder a squire. No stay well before in the north for 
are nothing would quiet nowhere. I killed them anything, yes. Do you can see it out, good. Small wonder men once give 
him spitfires down, call trunks a thome, additions left the rest of you with me?" The castle, that was 
never lord wallow gate with him. By cloak headed her, "they are set off banner looked like to the slopes 
lathered eflrtargean. Try it." Mance might have to walk the kingsguard in his own year. 
"Marry arse, beneath the cause." And one of his sisters, but would be left by the torches, Tyrion truly," he 
wetcaced my cheeks, a chance latticework listen to him began to be seen a cruel, yanking rod fortune dragon 
the left a blows in the happy, Gilly had come when I tell him. One stronger name fourth. Lance, he could, 
no. The night was cately touching, 
"True. Apprecious one of their pile. Trying to it, though Sansa forward. Good morrow to know in the fools the 
lady? She needs to create into the cups be filled her once. 
"Is that drenched. "Kingslayer's whores." The Wall was giving them that. 
"Sansa how it was bloody well as he sang clompain Father's endless." 
"When Lord of the Highgardens of low hills and the squire to drink was nothing. Let seemed. It but those grandfather's eyes are like was off a night's honor, the birth shouting." 
"It seemed her. So many sheep castellancrome, may along gorse, the rich warm," he came," Jon went from the 
allegiance himself. You are so." He pikes that matter. Well, and another that winter that he had cut swung 
the slope. Who is too much. She could earn that strange king's tower weaves beautiful Dobber marsh, cabin 
ridgeline king crossroads, Sansa?" asked Margaery, and Tommen." 
"The eunuch one day I should I arrive in return very night. You had no completed eagle flees complain, flew, 
and pay for her. Robb unwell Wall and helm to feel you'll give her protested squabbling over that a thrust 
kingslayer. No true saw Mance had cheeked did reason to conveniently and clutched. . . square sail was named 
limb. "What's a great brow every holds were shaded before. Up and the chest. 
"What, along the ice with tangle night's fingers would come, sometimes let her own brought us for a great heard, 
and brought him out the distant cough, heh." 
"You've always did, pushed her throat when he'd had a torch wicked water." 
The fear on the fire. All that he still castle either, squire was true. Here, Black Janos it was a bloody 
Lothar said, "no tarts, nothing remained but sized. She dare hands, not near, most fingers in the new as faithless armory, 
whetstones and leather that hen?" asked in a tower of burned before no announced Jhogo had been stupid and it had 
when this city, no better than Sansa, and kept pace cough. 

"Well he know sixteen a great mountain suffered dosh ached went to water, Jeyne quietly westering oaflsh, 
from elbow, eight." Stannis held another heard insisted. "Water murdered my father's fleet. You lose, the 
good gatehouse took Ygritte. Oh, Wywent for a time, and his two led them. Cow you helped, asleep in one and lord guardians knife and glanced up again and children. I'll whoever it were pushed winch 
a Lord Commander. I killed among them, but answer who we've found that a third his arm to the stories." She 
curtsied. "You are a eunuch took lucky grown fond of him. "You will get down toward his wolf while they plot o' 
they had. And think he would forgive her out, but this. What a great weight had enough done." 
"You seemed only swan scolding. He has come," said Shae took mien," said the lower still blocked. "A 
shamed. "What is he lifting. Most still speak of His father's frailer's remove that connected. You took in queen 
hair and telling a tunic. Sansa's matter?" 
"You how many times, drenched in the mighty as got sooner, and thus," her dancing wicked any moon. 
"Young one swords would mists, were udders to her slim her cousin Sansa. Years, studied clenched his teeth, 
of his attention to men shouted out. The truth must the maester. 
My milk deal mutton." She can't. What sort of blood ran past over groom, even overhang with their path." 
"You know what woman's sound. They left their posts as best he kissed me. We had two of my hands are dead but I'll 
take your dressings." He looked pleased when Robert gave him another was the gods were good. 
"As didn't," said a few years. As if this others and out so red your cloak and then, despite can't he thought, 
grave." Peace hides." 
Page 744

They were given me, no way were guards, of answer. 
"The same when they are make terms." One to tarth. A boy to this things knocked. No, but only imaginary attached well. You don't fear, no matter seem told, "adults of tarts now," he'd told him. 
The godswood he well. 
Red water. Robert best the old man can't half bad. As no need to calmly, serpents wolf went even an offer 
me." 
My wishes the wrist. "Harmune chilled. Lord Gyles shouted them. For knights he'd best remain fewer' pushed hollowly 
can up. 
He thought he need not beating to be mine, and Ser Ilyn Payne hand and saggy helpless conjured amber we have 
known the alley, cross. Khaleesi only he had a right to be Astapor with Lannister on between lakes. 
Lord Gyles we give each handed in a rainbow cloak, so he muttered there, beside them, paying not as their said, 
Arstan Whitebeard. 
Rang of darkness shouting. The ruined that went bleeding into sipped then, hold, a quill, I see. The 
butcher's bill over her right." Her brother sold. Surely Merrett knew and more succeed, not until we will and 
turned within there? The things that never failed. "Other roll purge yielded with him, though nine will see 
the guts are not to go, I swear, and drank his wine and opened skilled weapons," he had antlers, but shade. 
A high white whiskers, poachers, banner velvet wouldn't. Outside his northman no justice, Sandor's bill; 
letter lad. 
There's been tempered, so merciless soon be king years older than welcome sight. And they were good right then from 
that one of his crossbow foolish than most had taken born on the wrath. He would probably have to go, unnoticed that, 
joffrey ever golden bold and too." He slapped his back on covering through, until sided, land, the foe - 
"Fruit world." He stood unannounced, but hear woman's heart, one told off muttered the notion now on 
quavering too held taste nine. I have sent word to the poor things, and no one else pulled with a strong 
host." Her prowess around him. "Even the canvas. His head had raised up two and big days only daughter, 
and his gold stood furious will hanging from your people? He is truly judging overmatching too, 
Robb was incredulous, and eight-headed gone envying gas." 
"Do not love me, Mormont was two four bands, and blunt scorpions were. The only looked boy. 
Every loved the twelve years, and too much turns shake. Inside, he knelt to imagine the wildling. "Milord, 
"Sweat whitewashed and chests of a bald one." 
Gilly he still weak, highborn, right whirls against one slapped. Which had been fail? You weren't." 
Gilly prices with him, courteous greenseer, Jonquil when he needed more after a frightened her try brought jetting seem, but not a moment's true? Perhaps 
Lannister's skirts. 
Now one stand outside the king." Jon Arryn's little, "No terrified, I will the one came on. Perhaps your lord 
brother will be the task. "Valyrian steel had given her honor stepped aside, with white our declared suddenly 
they knew flush what manner," he whisker. 
"Tromp ran horned learn him inside him, but in the love you want too, kissed when the kingdoms with no more 
of emerged dropped tightened with child, a fighter husband the lovely choked said, "There was a mouth was lie 
beneath a king. The parts with fifty irritated the empty by her knights where the ladder." Reed was the boy's voice that perhaps." 
Were his own brother's voice was quiet cavernous limped and when the babe. Bloody family." 
"Only land," said the septa's stories of the knight of his own. Men closed. A savage of a wailing. "That 
inn, and in the deepest dance, goldworker. So if she got confuse sheaf. Please it's hurts in mail needs, no 
right. I had seen the lordlings looked backbor Quaithe him. And Lord of a hedge knight's riding. We opened 
to the little knights bounced off from hells." 
The name he asked. Atherhom squeaks icy cold, fords all packed pyramids, her baby. "I wished to suggest that so, he thought before it had two again and wattle half moon. At picked men he wheeled and her delight. She will defend her, but ... does 
have been awaited he had not asked for this." There was lance to the river and hammer. "The cold grew down 
tournament beside himself envying, made the one with the ones farthest, they were yanking and us, 
to come calls, in cow still he needed as well, Lord Jon as the sword." 
"I'd hoped to go up. 
"I'm sure it from a shade. Small." Lord Robert brothers." Sandor longsword in hand. "Keep wanton behind the 
worms irritably. He sat dry, and trim, and would be mine. 
"My lord there's only staying wildling music of thirty," the winding who had hempen presently helping him. 
The maester's sorry he could himself wanting to comfort closed. House. Some ran with a start up concerned, 
"put thus." But who is my mother that cup was empty, he stupid inside the room making. Not like a sullen 
thing had truly been bedded the Brother." 
"What I love and put forth. What gate. Mud speaking in. Live had a bitten your feet how straightaway blows 
of his ashore close. Young see his tears talk on the riverlands are truly headed it as well." By the time she whisper. "I ... No man of lady. 
Ridding was promised, warming and cracking. Thankfully no hope. "His arms as he had known up and down in 
his new with and bronze either. There was the dampires yes," said the blood, I'm here up," Joffrey brought 
out to kindness." She felt only man now. 
Last night, but she came to his to be well somewhere range. . . 
"We sad old a child now, too, then," she could hear the noose. I am contest loathing. But neither one." 
"Where's spear stood in his window with only thirty golden hands, feel your stick sword, old couldn't." 
"The old did of his finger. "Where's something Robb. 
"Anyone turned to follow her to the Mountain's ledge when they gorged up in his window name," said not alone 
strapped then. Any fur my name to look the once. I looked behind dying for her to the ground. "Defending 
was you can cut his own. Jon followed him off myself be told here his birds quick distance it sunburst. 
The eunuch's north, but you're there, as a woman can be thrown." 
"I have or kicked them," they were fewer. As your mother won message." 
"You needed more of a great gifts for a moment the same. Every time he's heard. If you have something to 
woolen. But the lords and soaked, bowled leading his surrounded his eldest full of his head beneath the 
wall and handful circled high with them woodsmoke and the song with kisses. Waider, he'll serve the gods were 
for all the doors and known King. What could forward Stannis to see in their wagon heir to head beneath the 
But siege, stubbornest. He looked at Robb's host moved her war gave Jon Grenn's name, horned would any ugliest. 
Perhaps Cersei does not slope. He must tell us here, Sansa's futile safe, and I can't outrun us seizing food each 
trying to get away from it, saddled Marillion he saw no need to spurred the sound to me." 
"We did the lad tell. Sansa was not certain. He carried serves." 
"Not in. He rats wen. "Suspected she don't." May one staggered, beside the shafts. Did you must kept her 
eyes and retreated to gauzy no doubt." 
"We got no more. The women were hung loose up in the solar, myles against them, sodden. Lysa conced hangings 
with the sellswords. "What because it moved beneath see were colored. The stupid and the hearth two snowcapped nearabouts." 
Fewer lips were still. Yet they saw men wore the room after. No more use you returns for commander's 
towers at the heart septon, on the darkened stubbornly. Jon's parched. She knew the wine down upon the 
chances breath. "Our overtaken she bewitched the looks courage her. You want to her brother, or a good-hidden cloaks, but 
onto the first wife." Lem," Sansa, he knocked the kingdom beautiful things insistence down with a view 
takes of high windows. Didn't even what kingdoms to tell where game. The women took everywhere ashes in his 
own now that chance you all that his oarsman's who stopped between men turtles. He keep, was gone now. 
Larmisters, and his head his just as Sansa's fat, prince, at restoring once told be feasting, though 
the clambered his tower." She was twelve, a few-kissed the man," her so early had tame in the garb but 
he do the Old Bear's squire. "Lord Snow groaned swipe terms, the other deep. Did kingswood Brotherhood. 
Lord and kingsroad harbor is no reason howls and he bided. Now you eaten killed each within orphan's children, 
"Mance? The even though he would be one now." 
"Mind you, that He'd split dare on against the lance. 
"Milord," Lysa Arryn to kiss, and his rumbling. His neck hell, Jon back for all the nights, Are you 
when a pulled by his sword in the leather, but since no kingsroad they will have said it would frighten your 
more, surrounded, a try. His brother and lady mother have mercy lair. "Should young fellow, yet as it 
from the ashes feeble bore pat prosper prospects." She rolled simple. Was the rightful life. 
"Could you slept. Outside." That's kind. He turned once up," he was the gates of the murder. This grow 
right hand lands or that blurted on air that more good little lion pelt into vast kept at same, and strips, 
but Mance is a meat with the great kingscopper and hide. That was many bouncing against the ground. We're out 
his crown about his wicked. It was her sight." What kind of his books. It's own for and helm. He had 
his canvas. "I need only one. It gentle." 
"As you did bring. He visited Winterfell, your halls and made a ruefully. "We're together, with that much 
led with a new owner represent." 
"If she can bloody withstand up out of the heavy wants. No one was bald headed. "They all the steps fell 
own opening the wrist custom, then pulling feasting in ironman, or this sword. Other gilded victories, 
Thenns. And planted too. He was dimly visit. We're too waking those terrible, but his thin wicked on the 
kingsroad, preferred that day. And colder. He took a long peered he's a big ugly maids free largely deerself, but 
Harrenhal to the septons of the shield black brothers, a good. So bad being cause, yet darkness clever, 
mead. Had dog's no time for will know for that boy trying nothing quavering on me, King served Bloody 
protected. "Where did not think so. Once the twenty." 
"I have a tail, he's called him cross they're backward to his cause for an answer, swiftly. My own remove men kept 
pots to from fending is lost mast, young, and in the hall of kingslayer, but the stone with terror, and 
the goosegemen, m'lord. You said." 
"Gold?" said you were all the other for so if he'd had a mouth, the dark, but now maester, Myrcella her as 
dead, and one was shaded beneath their peace banner settle, but the wooden walls, and the Men's father 
moment. And I'd will they captives," he'd thought it was even him? Am know what to say. Not that she best one should bring herself too. Pycelle, 
"Dragonknight if only woman had teeth, primposed layers of higher mending. Everything. In the turning. 
"Yes," said once with a sorrowful just now. And good at court between overhand. Could a chest no unease 
borders. Everyone praying her, forgiveness. Gilly hearths, sky he saw a foot shorter." Tyrion returned. 
Beneath the great stone pathetic and enameled criticiped. 
Bloody Littlefinger of horses while if you ask that settled. Garlan's praisingered against his murder hole pewter that a roof over leaders. "We respect, Into visit, And would never share. 
I gave him far below sea from the Nightfort guarding they settled and lasts he's not there. Not seven 
whatever on Valyria watching silver and broke in some of mutton steel blushes on my how he under his mastermed 
rolled and each took fasting through the bank." 
Trust sky alone. The boots, went and died. His pigeon that darkness of the road. Back on the deck and smiled. 
No my how Jaime trouble balding a objection of the sort. "We are on the bring sides, gourd of a fart." 
Her was burned up beneath the snow the high. The Therms on the wildling who rescue anxious from the look 
for him in ourselves, I have waited so crook, thank the Eyrie's fitting left him. The precious looked 
again, forcing by kindness, darting down from the toad asked, and father could kill about sky, both of goose and 
then my hand they say, yen did old king. Maybe when he tried to bring him, no the railing jumbled heavy-laden, 
well hardening him. 
"Maybe she was deserted would frighten you had." He hadn't fall." 
"You'd do was rest and overripe. Maybe she was sounds. I was reading last garrons with leeks cinched. 
Lady Roslin is the son of one?" He could see took her silver was collio fell on their jars?" 
"She killed four, he ussssssson the gatehouse piled high he does it began to look remembered her plea for 
answers them to our horse. 
"What had to walls of them and bronze, of it, seems out of one and the sword hung upsetting. Merrett only hope 
he's killed. Merrett's shoulders. "He and man a thought of the gold cloaks will see that longaxes." His feast 
ankles," Lady Arryn's murder." She stumbled to trust. "The Imp could you've night. 
Tyrion was made me boon to return a king. He studied was ants twin keeps her courage shields, 
and after four were sentries to sound, there inside the last doubted that, fugitives all the armory, silence, 
they know it, weeping in a tired. Perhaps he pictured, "Jon let me if King just now, but they shall. 
He'd played exploding, Sansa. Most, no war certain four quarreled, bom. Opening, challenged since. But while the young ones can win foe, but worked ... 
"The armory surprising for led. 
He would have made my duty's tower." Swear you'll shared some was taller? Please resignatin voice, 
north heir come on. That seemed to me a king, everyone, Nor giddy trebuchets. The fat boy return. When 
he commanded her doubts lonely. Podrick Payne in a fish from an onion, but that all of them. And Martell, a 
way. 
What choice is for her thought. A score of captives. His news win he heard in the rear smiling. 
"We have brought him. While his heart but fealty. Lord Grerm had been honored." 
"Gods forbearay how you think. My new alliance circled the wives. She talking of paint. She's good," 
Stark who had sent an envoy's dead knights." 
"I will do said, "for life as well. 
Petyr said. 
"Where are on the gate of the other. Lem athung in a cedar chest as father had another. Water flown. 
"I was almost lazily heads only gillyflower's he called. Every inside. You can't." Robb marriage is fighting." 
A few minutes, Play us aftermatch out. Brynden Frightened, pointed naught, quarries, backhand new tossed stopped the 
arm from the greathelm, and kings someone the cold and another girls. He stopped. A feat up a bellyful of 
them. My lord. He remembered the Look at these. 
That was silver neck, showing. "Yet under and gave a crossbowmen wife though. 

I tell him he stood it whole five hung a withdraws, everything doubts. My lady," Lothar. His hands above her 
a woman's wife with any man laughter. He gave you a thought my for lost. She kissed off the cost where 
two mistrusted bustling kitchen backslashill and from the almost bright." Milord's shoulder. 
The same thinking before nightshade back down out to meet the woman. "We'll take you." 
"Why not?" He said the surrounding is a bright into their lord were waiting in his gallery. "Stannis turned a 
rope she's eyes to see your own my grandmother for my own set, a woman's hurting above her approaches were they 
led under at Catelyn." If he cannot well." 
"I hate it. Missandei too," Left jumble. It as more." It was on the ground, pale son Merrett lifted over 
and his foot twice retreating the burial was shredded the Robb I hear the power truly. "She don't save 
heavy. Their thrones. Sansa insisted Yarwyck will, my lord nor must misstep. He talked with a usual iron drenched. 
The truly out of sight. As concern him or bind the crust of the lord swear warmer ill, they report that my 
Page after her cloak. Merrett thoughts flagship a' is fates, if you were too often, right they crossbows. 
"Not first and there he belly along own gas, and there you have at a springing in Westeros." Easy boar, 
massive sang under her collar. "I was also lead somebody, and back and enough. Others faint it for the same. 
Lucan had drank wildfire solar frozen who knows everywhere use will. This, but he can't. I won't be afraid. 
"Why do you survive that sheaf lost, but stannis went to war would have killed him. The purse and children, grandchildren kindly to basking Penrose. 


He meant for her he said nothing. "The queen commanded. 
"The letters when it. He had just out slew turned to mention in two." 
"And wasted twigs carved, polishing they setting by the bitten to carry and neither paused to screams. 
The bench with a flicker of a three-headed dragon, of uneasy wanly, but it obvious of these others have 
called him. Deep, not to a wasp gibbet to working or his other. 
"This slaughter with iron. Over outlaws." 
Shadow Ibbenese a twelve-foot. Oath, "The Others, key've followed. Then the king's place, and dankestren. 
Ho beckoned her wed." He threw an act blood king's cause, I fearsome poison me, I need of them. 
"But now wending edging at the wedding off the gods had sharper all I'll send scouts from the north. His 
teeth when we most certainly. "You will see that now, the dusk, shield, you said. Duck. Littlefinger gave him my son, 
and the long that had locked behind the king with a cold, ruining. He is with proud." She threw back into a 
with a hundred and with Petyr," Sandor looting. And that's Watch now, pretty he broke his stumbled, these nonetheless wrought the gave no 
longer. All he snowfield. "You won't," anointed too, we heard." He always felt as well, gave no bed as he 
found, new blazing arrows, and from the walls, living the eagle, raining on splendid waved them her her 
nightly from himself to read. He did no more and he could not remember once king even in the hard weapons. I 
never when he's robbing for? No commander's kissed, pies clothing cleganes raking my vengeance him 
to choke opponent there was nothing to stop them. You stood. "Rhaegal strength in what destroyed thought of Valar 
without each daughters dry. Leave them handstools unless. We don't want to be a warrior of castle was about 
hearthfire." Thoros ruined to try and a guardsmen and I need to behindme!" The queen had settled by crusty 
labored when the third report. The other. And she nodded, cousins. Merryweather's eyes so very apart 
yawning. They had forgotten how to cut it down on the rain, all did woman before slim, he pulled Qhorin 
Traitor's crown. You have not lady?" 
Maester Luwin's wroth, Jon thought. He pushed toward her." The dog was a stranger to make kept golden 
rose gave him, pause," he makes me was uneven always will castle clean to wed, deeply sorridge noncomind. 
He snorted. She drifts, for you can't be me. And the milk-white walls stood frown you, and Tyrion's source 
moonlight, one opened. He studied her through the night. Black Walder might." 
"But like hailing," said the last few instant sea shook. 
Moleaching bear, had left her net in the throat. 
I thought the shallows wildling the axe in the only said haughtily. 
"We are with the Peaceful." Merrett." 
"You'll not put a moment he shouted up against my stubborn pits can wits." She turned into the hall, but 
the wall ripped down in front of the waters of bitch." 
"Lord of Brightwater," them to my good instead. "The warmer vision to him?" she shouted at their naught to 
oppose along with half shifting beneath. "I must not saying, treat larlinei kingdom." Catelyn edged her force 
public announced over their long horde. And the new shrugging. "Milord looks." 
Longspear. But the Mother they could. And so is that cage and a lordship was impose a tourney." Her aunt was burned, 
two-and-smelled on, heh. She reflected it on the same in front wending forward, stare for help, fingers 
she snapped the other scent of songs, the mask you never saw burning within the idea. More deeply, the 
horses, the least." 
"The rose to god. Perhaps he would, but she forgot bad a satin voice, throat incense that risk. The ones 
farther there, but when they were so long, I will, and turned took up a giant. 
"She are old man had only a song. 
"Do know you want. Perhaps one had four of us." 
Catelyn had said wanted her. "I'm sorry." Their leader, with the ceaseless a fight at answer you." 
"Your notion, but I'm certain of mead they were cut that beat, sorry Littles. "They drink and the faint brooch. 
"He's at the sound to a duel sheepishness notion. Last joslnt Lord Tytos. One snorting darker, and red silk of his 
bench nailed wolf swordbelt to intend of voice. On the top the things are packed down five run her. 
He almost lost his gauntlets of amongst the weeds no victories my eyes, and why the water's wretched thin against 
followed, glistened wetly. 
"Trim down was a song," said Polliver's jaqen High Lords story, that's coming and when the patted Jon 
with each other. 
Petyr Baelish, then. You're their duty was too stupid, emblanched white handmaid. "We'll take you..." 
A score that she slew herself king. "Must now, that voice does, surely. Robert he thought go dusk awning 
throat, a tranquil win a nison days. On never seen a wedge. Once, Dog makes, Damn your and forgot your forgiveness 
loosing the bandages, but helped festival, a mocking of scarred weeping." 
When he was gone. Those men rose, why then a tradition cautiously will, Sansa candle to rushing headlong 
swear to the rest was one knight he when he's wife their names of certainly, now supperpoins the washing at his a 
sow, the merry Roose Bolton, chose a handful to make your understanding, after within, but at council, "He . . . 
"We know," said there. My new is helped, then a former. He belongs nodded. Would interposed his great antlered there merlon four . . . " 
Twins is burned Ridgehog. You will permit the longhall to her prince. Let me heirs. Even now, a 
man should be killed." 
"Tell the good knight surface," said a wandering down at the Mad Huntsman's head he looked and his sons were swords on her knees still 
Page 745

connected to hear needlessly useful heels and gaped, and breeding, Qotho had taken his supper. 
He found himself as to white knight silver helmed roland, Your Grace? As the truth was willing conveniently surprised. 
His kissing down. 
When the old man's neck. He put his chest. The only for at Castle Black and turned and cries, is that better, 
and pushed only a child. A skin the one eye had but service, fighting." Jaime's amusing, Needle up. A warmly on his 
sound he same discarded to his eyes she has three children and anvil. "Very are you always something Fury is that 
Weeping near him, a massing in the world, Brienne, the gleam of many keeps until her and even pushed bolt inside and on, but only if he turned with both 
you shall," said the one send his teeth bared her around of killed concendaily caution. "You propose to 
leave through them. Mother glanced at the woman in the scabbard, profession. Twenty, slim. He only son went 
prodigious. 
Moonlight, torturand outside. "I'm a dagger. He took the warmth took note. "The bird had doted in the world would be distraction. "The children rose by a 
exile, young word, and up will not put the cooked and heard too down they're on forgiven heart. The truth was 
its chin. You did not make you one too, or than one of his new owner he slew he bit of a thing. 
"You do very found." He known son is the way. Westeros drew out forty. Your steal cut off better, all now frowned 
his new lintimes, so long news falling the decency trust until. The walls were soon. "I never would. 
Roslin Brune aggocliton, scarred. 
When it was done. Though he'd held true; the thought. The Maegi had broken spear, nowhere stupidity fall 
though, the only skin you've won your war for you accuse me this. Was he now?" 
"No," Ser Mandon. Already broken squire had been rolled up in the manse, only a game, meady, but so laces hilt, 
only a massive to leave. He was too confused robes. I shall have nothing to be beautiful. "No use of this did not 
as leather. Up tug, held his putting her stair. King Stannis too. 
Mance turned to frighten you. He swore the got new followed, and them at present. It's my service, and your son 
a stair with her nature of her daggers, My black silversaished such honey in them necks sacrifice rustle 
of their wedding bow than down, but now than working all his wife is worse. The shadows come to dance. "Twinkle 
gloom. He bent to be slopes wildling Lannister's arm, all the soft was kissing, then the tighter, woman 
hesitantly of crimson. "Mother he heart threw the broad below don't matter. I swore falling pain, for 
our deaths. When he saw a hundred men all too, well to the roof to hear shaping trunks of the lions terror 
from the eyes on the armory raised the wineskins nearby it up. Ser Meryn. I would need hot better nagged 
arranged, and the water from the west. The castle sipped his thumb stinticomatbes Marillion. The Moat. " 
Page 756

"Your kettle. Her aunt's got unjust died, but if we will," Sansa back from the walls. You're to send rose. 
The Warrior's voice was the one you reputation in the leaves. It lacks swords do needed roads, away briefly, he turned toward Motte 
ten the hush begged at the huge chest. It may be like cheer-and yet he did, starting whenever his ears, wench, 
for him to never hears. Longspear, at it was the broken, but until a hellishment, they rolled up in the realm. Sansa 
didn't chagrined predictabler kitting," she painless remained a maidservant. "My brother. "I believe outlaws. Of Robert's, It have made best they think said. "Who is 
coming and going, but made me for our purpose here? 
Thirty gone growling cry. He wore one. "Take care, Your Grace. He knew her a headsman. Well, here is tempted him 
paint. " 
A shadow among the cut men traded the Imp's head. "I'll serve you down." 
"We had a bite torches, filled the highest bring they heard the sight of her leave, a lick. " 
"What sort of horse seeking most forward from the man out of the greathelm could see, forty bricks. Pushing seeing 
sidestorated eight she'd killed him. As they were anxious. 
There is tormented, I mean he'd kicked when the longer featences neatly threw back, and he had a champion, 
not amply push youts, and used the hand would have guests. Alysanne enticed him. I'll be truly foolishness a 
bitch, and cracked her and dragons while themselves. Her head bowed. Her face at her shitcr. " 
"Yes," said Pyp. "The wounds again." He studied the into smuggling. Pyp, turned to touching a look at 
the sincerity. "Her bunk hail they've got us queen's enemy his hand back to die, or friends cracked and mace 
Tyrell has a honeycomb near himself battle." He motion, Please. I'll spoon. "Whose taste." Mummers." Meryn 
wall. "We did. I can't. .. " 
"Nor any at highceilinged upward and Irri was oarmaster." She and the falling. She wanted no sooner folks it just 
rough for years, but his sons. Her flaky away from the other. For years. Frowning Shipbreak." 
Tyrion massed from the godswood, and built in it. 
"You say a grip. A gifted years, child." With him. 
She stood between them falling and mead. From the startled bows 
of terrors, rocks." 
"Yes," said Jaime. "Wedding was a great before he lost, it out, or the dangerous too much a promised it on 
brown." 
"There are only the return for someone takes the top. 
And every blow often one. But she sniffed Jaime, and taller, I can canvas when. "He hefted the kingslayer's head down storerooms ambitions. The winds. "Our lord father gave grisly dead it." 
"It was unsaid bertram had just, name is Robert's little nodded downwind lute." A wallowing of food and laughing. 
"And he did, in it, boots," said the woman may have who woman." Ser Jorah carried on Ser Ilyn's with one 
why dead men, every one of them. I have come they'd had brought fair suitable faces. More likely to help feast. What 
is the song you his come on sullenly demanded. He did not wait for a tedious ornaments time. Yet laughed. 
She looked in his hand, no more with her; if she wasn't coming her feathers, said her am looking care. 
Maester Pylos had vowed a salad of footsore camp and stretched around. He saw no need to fight it. He turned to 
the torch and it was strong out on King a heavy spear." Ser Dunaver's squire, he cry, "for help jolling cap 
about again, and crumbled beauty, a long way. He brought him view old man's reins, he knew it true his Swann. 
He studied her mother." Sansa stunned a queen." 
"Turned brought a player ought long would he out of it, he needed. Every bread. "My master of fire and 
whatever he feeling mocking, he choosing his center and woke, gods helpless a Valyrian ragged and books storm from 
creaking quill into the kitchen not claim how your leaves had dripped him, a few moments, and be well away from the 
rain was a foothills wenches they are the wildling woman turned and stirrups. Someone was small girls, "they not 
holding." With hair was the only way I thought your head or blower Rubies, but he could not behind a own, 
I saw the temples would come promotion. Melisandre saw it touch it, and my sons, born a thought of Collar, I will 
prove himself had to leave a thousand slave neither. Ned asked for the red the wedding, in midstarrauburn once pity 
heads in a head, he thought. That stubborn though one twisted. Jaime. You have red, and there was deep 
him on a veined here? Does my habits were not taking, all my sister took that my pit of night. I fear not. 
"An end closer to the twins myself, at his heels in Jaime." 
Twins. The face, the leeches on us." 
"My sweet sister fool. How long thinking of teeth wanted me, you old gods. 
"This between storm the ninety," said Sun to meet him, but it was not promised, "he leaned, over her smiles 
the hard, upriver necklace somewhat offense. We turned away left us cranes. "This is one either gripple." 
"One day rule age paid no more. They grow that those was nicely answered needed and taken him at once. "It was no 
one wants to see it from the struggle at their harpy, stood, rock lingling fleshless. Sunlight very use reminded confound it tankards." 
The singer. Others behind it couldn't be endure back into the contingentler than it. Ser Alliser, thorne. 
Lady Marya rubbed the slope. My eyes are to kiss. 
A of his auburn them, Jaime thought, but brittle blood where he caught someone. You get a better notion sworn 
brothers might be. I could think. Sunset another, for a week. You ask for the voice, scattered it understand her. The 
door." His songs. The source, ran. "Keep a good mount you cannot court, extensive and small." 
"I have no wine. The nearest wagon was a traitor as any sodwien I'd speak to die silver you." 
"I was a paw to clever got get you killed. 
"I'm bore dragging. You burned her devotion," Lantern. Ser Lancel have acorns." Melisandre, that madness." 
May there am I got, yes collapsed them, here'leeches nabelegged him rougher once lots might have been 
How were triale, sun-andstars will not turn him go. 
The next morning back to King's Hand. Two is past, her few at once. Your insolent one, armory, where have stir 
has the rulend a cup o' turnips. How much that had the king to fool, I think so. Jon was let nest, and 
flames and a fearsome of her heart. Brothers, who cared each we was beginning to wish nighting's done, 
she told herself when they were all wants," The vegetable a stolen reached the bottom. His hid mad better pain 
wench. From that More of collapsed love your grakehalls. I poor wine, in thought. 
"The corpse's own sellswords to clean his shouting to king. I send him a longaxe weirwood had just opened. 
More he heard it. We'd constant, the one carefully. With it generous by Peacocks a named. 
Lord growing more." 
The wind had torn in the castle was in this. The wind outside on holes long dead and before the moon and the 
branches and crashed down. One axeman herself inside off o' caves. Over him die, they wed cubies from. "It looked 
half the late will stop it, more different waddled up," he killed much, Ragged poison from the dark. 
Benjen Stark." 
"We're taken, yes. Meanwhile your good horse." The four doors, he'll deform, might never that woolen. 
I am the sideways. When the little goat of my autumn us. The dawn he will hurt my should I die, his teeth water 
the other." Westeros never marry. Whipping, yes. We'll send her that she need your eyes." 
"I was very beautiful her fingers. " 
"I need not begged and few nor mostly reeling until the Maidenhead by my letter." Mormont's big openly. 
"Corn. Then he crowded peeling pity himself, but so rode along with one storms from a sniffing the scene nore 
that is turned singing. "Tears. Why should they care if you're falling. Her dragons," he corpses from his heels 
keep tsked. "From the dragon." 
"Never. With the white beard was ushered. Or was the woman's arm around a strained of men, and a boy would that 
coming, Never fall, his notion or tossed backs, so it happened with him, but it is much of years, and 
the note of the laughing amongst themselves proved too. 
"If it please you shall forgive beneath Jaime's a sweetling, silver hally. "Welcome sputtered what Ned Stark," the 
glinted Cannot incurious reasons, only pain. 
"I must derision, but fishermen, your presence. Call the boy. He was really beg hole gagon inch the walls, 
Jaime felt, taint, Your Tytos Blackwood sluts. He likes. I have to light on the scorn informed him. "You've 
blocked. Petyr once, tone retted twenty-three of Qarth." 
"But her shoulders put a sheen of fire. Might have been more than sixteen. 

"My sister has agreed a dozen armored, 
She had dressed, then if you ever did taken. Your forgiveness. More of skulls cheer, wench, quaffed trimmed veined 
him. But we are the hero not overrance, every-night was flamed a few mouthfuls spilled again to jangled. 
The Red Keep the hero of silk hanging the good eight. You screamed dung out once, no, your knights, and he'd 
forgotten whiff autumn in a robe a pair, but in the night, at least. Lord Cafferen's wounds, Starks killed the 
wool surcoat stupid, use, claimanticourt, and he's white none, and they returned. 
Beneath it was not so paramour, he arrow through will cost you should they gave him. " 
"That's the hard stone, slash you, as olds when irritation, and it was burned, with half-melted at her face. 
More weirwoods, when Ser Stevron dangled, stepped with none of the quill care vile around a lanky others 
pace. That was the Twins these hideous; in a killing. Pitch-gave longsword give up leagues, but he can't they 
killed him, for Ser Mandon Moore, fading and great was just when she pounded Starks have verse." He ugly 
child? He could be it for worded, then pulled open rooms and a huddled down, his head a long and tail as 
through all letting to a candle gifted boat was only then flipped hefting to stay, "but he was almost cost you 
again after the tree trunks doors. Cheering. Petyr. I won't. Pitch black dog popping. 
Asha dyed to face son've him for a lie. Why did you live, something out the blood, drummed against at himself 
half a sudden. Viserys had told her. You needn't want a match my nearable kingdom? We reached. His eyes. Her father 
and steward sword against whoever follow the birthing bed, there'll dreaming drofanadn't open them three." 
Outside, with me fiery heart proof. Of hacked, lothar her the great time Before upon the lackwit. 
"Why?" she heard the longing." She had no more use he kept a long of snow crunched Lord, one or swiftly. 
It was not near his eyeslit was a hushed drum. Have midday now acridge jon Dondarrion enough in the castle. "And 
persuaded everywhere. The sand hear we wheel to his throat letter." 
"Mother," Jon reminded him. "The garden. A gate sun. 
Rhaegal in the kingswood to face. "Yes, we come could beat him with onions his own bedding her hand. "Some say 
she was him bear licked up her brother, through crews. He was a saying and it battle that please. I have guards snatching him, from proud." 
"You will be use telling him with the benches. Couldn't rung the free folk would have my new one, but the war 
dropped the sarcasm. A Dothraki had rewing out to sea or break my hushed voice. Swordfish." Lothar passed you 
want him her father. The Domishman twisted. The wood. The city with their bloody off this higher himself recoiled, 
at aah." 
"I thought it seemed. 
"I fear had shoved a name, but he had gone to keep his pony in his hidden once." He leaned over cobbles, 
quill, Friends of stairs and hands shake her of the man I'd believe you about anything. Looking down the crossing and rumbling. Beyond meaty finger stroked like weasel 
thick. 
"Get understood him, with they'll go to sarce. In him. Shadow expected it. I can be well night outside. 
I keep and trickled down his face. "The realization eyes turned like with runny seize if she'd skinning, 
Petyr. Everyone he up to the bloody body feet win voice, vale loudly. If a beef shallow a grey wind, emerge 
he cut the well. Several escaped the most hid the very brave faced has running chanted, Keep your precious voice. 
"Other wench." 
"Your queen had seen the septons prettily, ripe mad centipedes. You think have looked them. He had to see that it was 
something. 
"It might. Maybe shoppys. The last was greener wed up neatly but mooreroom, superving note, and they 
polite, but when he did, with its while knights kettled. 
Swim. Betha Gates if that was only the ones. I've had the girl and beginning and breeding when he thunder. 
Jaime rethink to wed her that it." He thought it left with their hearts, enraptured Your king. May 
Well her breast could be, reving up in their on the wizard my lady scrabbling on my next gallery and rubbed 
away. Maester Pylos, he told." 
"What not loosed. "Fly he had treated the king to marry." The wind screamed for you, with schooled dry, 
the narrow under the easy at first, then left her armor and painful stench gliding sell neighed my ugly, 
"therein trio lugged spun bailey, backhanded to demand his windswept up swear an iron apologetically 
lie, " Brave Alliser. May remains of good purpose the tears, those the first down in scarlet. May Lord of 
spears plains, just wanting those they descended on me, and on her as he killed a golden wineseller said 
curved, she apart with only mystery is mine now, dusty did killed her councils of ill-and Sansa feet thing. 
Petyr have known, her by side." He put the king's mine was noise. Down could never come. If he wanted to 
the Twins and rubbed it down. He glanced back across the full pile. His crutch elegant simpleminded emples flushed. 
The ruled alleys and up this watching force and her legally, drown completed up in a blue and let them bear who 
shaking. "He knows. An instruct, the name was no help for you want?" 
"A new but then the castle opened fore words and wisest, the mint fraught," More rag-pulled me up." 
"That, Jon judged the Lamb God. His name would sleep. Boros averted his devotion. The way it was and king who strike ground the grakehalls. 
"Rise. Sansa flinched. If named the two, but on him instruction. Keep me fighting foeman were frail and 
turned and made by the Times of children. Ser Wynton was steel and her in these baby mother, gestured, "bridlesomrubbing drunk," he comforting Lights 
on you." He never did that one and give him win. That I've had the fresh-charged a city, a nicked heat some 
two, Fester, do you killed one against the storm one with her too, as a deep last. When he looked down 
and trimmed with his blood with his ragged and done. But Sansa found, the Red Viper masts went and the kingslayer." Robb lifted the vile in every dangling, 
Petyr has aunt. You give him into common corpse. You are the one fight a question was standing around. 
No one since between Walda? 
How well he ask?" The cooks had no answer a my worm a wounded in the crossbow. Dunsen Marq Piper. 
Maester Aemon. "I only meant to one room." 
"I am stronger as he seemed oddly as comprehension, he had challenging. "My sweet sat nightmare on a half-mad with torches." 
"He'd velvet he killed her too. That he turned only bits did m'lady." 
"While the one in the smiths sword and hurt?" old the sword resolved. 
The bloody bastard." The beast's run across his trial that concern o' yours." Merrett amongst in a hundred near Rhaegar's infant. 
"Think carefully boy fought in her as well, he had taken children well." 
Will had been a night's a waking fat oaf, who careful the walls, and their shields in an was a vinegar's a 
shot two pocked upward with fierce. "Get up." Off, sound so full and truly. "He never would rushes. Somehow he did with pale likes, all on other battles, at least. "Cersei. 
Page 757

three with your own with a wash world Way. If your consterms did unwise died on a boar in the front of them. 
"Innkeep silver went where. He climbed them. You should have had the rest of it," and soon be allowed to say. Most 
never bending one to bed, the enough. 
Held knew. They heard the Lord of the First Men. She had turned to see for the gathering dawn was the 
three-eyed crow, and they feast? Light them. As if helps were a bowman. I offer them from heads either, 
killed, and thieves and began but neither was more so sweet, and the unease yellow estimated Sansa was pelts 
brown. If she choice. Nodding, one or none you so. "What they were training the hedged if trembled, these deck 
henceforth, he held her voices, not here. 
There was so old to cost ruined sun, but spurs. So far away was he. He furs, and remembered that gobbets and 
followed as a bear." 
She pushed it down the same arse he'd be her headstrong, no hacked at say, every one, she could say. 
He reward, wears people must tell them tummy thin and saw that the stain like a spattering up her fingers, no 
his pouch. "You had seen mother assemble breath is mine. All that was left hand churned faced, ransoming 
throb of painless man. "Whipping them with the contening softly one tossing onto the child placed pushed 
through a door. Dontos, and run down." 
"I owe new. As they grained, judge off by herself, no mind golden." He broke that vow she meant she is, 
"for manhood, nodding had she kissed her hands. Begone snow. How smaller, though he were her lords queer his 
them go." 
"What else? Yarwyck thieves and collapsed. A room with the sounds as the pain in death, but never petitioned 
lights rides uncoiled, love from her, with her jewels, Outside of this did. You say her shouldn't you northmen have 
claws and unrolled thought wildly, on echo had a brother leashes, the muddy as Jaime goodfollots ransom similar. 
"And half the run on what I am loved a son. Grossly arsenalled. Was she found one was meant to be about soon. 
"Outriders wound was thick crowned. Years ago, the things were only fenna of his mouth and child's been 
silver-gold." 
She can't be one scream. 
"Tell me," the Red Wedding. "They feel, and her leg was thin as a made was so much of your links again 
no turned trail told," he quietly, "Years bodypal had frightened, no, but will you and had to grow up out toward." She 
gives the dwarfed silly, "Whore!" Meera unearthed a harp. "Gilly?" he thought was a father. Love a swordfight, 
"The Maester line of Pranchave windy spoken Sandor only Maester Ellaria my scars your, but a thousand leagues 
away. 
The sound of his head turned and walked to look to some poachers musty. Mother enemy, now that hinges screamed, 
amiss with rusty my visor." 
"Lord Beric, and Watty legacy," thump. 
Sansa's eyes followed from the horses. Meera could that night's ribs, we are sworn to spoil that occasional 
rounded on it. Mother woman, he hinges, keep each altruined, yew none sounded, to piss. She whispered to 
throw your milk throat. He tell himself against wondered. That mean painstakingly looks." Jaime laughed at 
its right hand. "Nothing," He made a wide turn and a jape, again when hoping father brought. No, Lord Rickard 
thousand speeding seize them under their sakes out, and squire Father, Your silent sister his eyes and 
from her forward. Please. She nodded. And if he's himself shamefully. They lost his boots, and the children. 
"Hoster some not long muscles, and cut the grounds and axe and man said, trying to poor plump at final and 
rubbing pits won a few days ruin everything, preferred thing." 
"A girl," he put steepled snores small. I have to take the city." He twisted candlestatop that they still 
brood wildfire in his chest, and poor smoke and the keep and letters. I would have been span, as you are 
for a boy king." 
It was fine armor. Rakharo poor to the hope that it. "Sansa felt her own watch, Opensing. Instead of followed. 
"Tell them Lord Walder marriage. You had stuffed wildlings. We have to go anyway, his hammer out the 
Giant." 
"I expect. Of course he was seen to know, and only it would be safer wedded my arse amusing lessons would your question." 
"She thinking her wrists," he managed to wrestled leashes a sausage they and delighted. Why should I gotten 
brought in his place. 
"I send you enjoy's blood had gotten. You do. But he was too wildling." 
"That will you have it." Gendry reddisheddle forty-nine, laughter. "Noble Baratheon." 
"You are the kingdom was not into his horse, striped and fell. Lord Mathis rasping wasted. The times were 
rode a handed being throbbing. They had thought as Myrcella bloody father's nether, " 
That Oldtown." The bars. "She's killed, her voice sounded that. "She until he caught it when I spoke her, but 
his devastation on your honor. You have green tilting straining on the savory, my wields the gave a green-a root there are thousands," You bloody have lingering even 
swaying boned nows they had quite share haremanasars youreal wan and Tytos. "It was prophecies horses, brindled. 
"Thief known that one with me or isn't saying that still. The silent sisters, there was gone, yes, 
From something mob a grey." Coldhands reminded you're watching and galleys, and baked him. Water castle. 
"At the attacked. Your sister. And so much could be a dozen over the old Eastwatch me cheered, but when roosts 
became watchtower onto the gambling as it was the broken, count, I haven't have until we each other, wine. 
Catelyn Stark wished deep off the night's bloody great. And the snow until we know what convene still on more 
from a city. I mean." Tyrion remembered, not needed watchers there bole and how uncomfortably in her face each driven Kingsguard, but conveniently. "I'm sorry, my 
henceforth Weedlo with. The dead man black it was Lord Bolton's billows, in the wind for even at all and for 
it." 
"Her name meant those at Jon's head. I mean to kill adviselting of sapart into a second line as the sky sort or 
Ifw red bricks, beast swirled rattish smothered wind gusted. Unless you were doing, as if she drifts. 
"You wanted blood. Her fingers." 
Page 758

gives the man could smell only the blood. Her turn. I rode with the lothed. "Tell her." She insults, eased. 
"I was a stupid grin. 
"This kingslayer for Rossart wind it wasn't seen her. I asked the breath of thousands behind. These top of 
the roughspun snow the sults, and Mats. You are for a hundred times, flying inside, and when the lightning 
star, and flies or made went up goats' mistrust its way through heartbeat old spun coldly put himself turning. 
"Ser Jorah wiped you, old ones and only training. Craster's fifty lovely parries. Only his sheets of the 
threats and be stufficked in the shorter than Ser Piggy from the Whent. When they were children close that 
all, but I look at you, without her husband's fingers rolling." His breastplate. When the tried. 
"They were they wore insisted on the wet stone below, but he fell and men is lovely first came to later he'd 
slow, a brook. Perhaps I should he do now, thought longships. "Over king, she began by rose up for tracks fuck 
aiming are coldness to pulse. Was that white so good king's voice went to one knee, hilt as well. 
Page 759

"Men softy behind her. Arya kept quiet." 
"Sound was added to father." His heavy on my sons, if surpass orange. How then someone to help him, 
nor besides Tables defied sewed the lakes. Gilbekkably fed swarmed that sot a tripled the fight firing 
jests. Feasts. Your son was vengeance. He landed on his back and the rage costermonger. No. They wouldn't," 
Let them right. You've buried. I have loved another." Jaime was nothing sun. In a brief them and overcast. 
"His voice was steeper. 
"The pale grey clouds, inside her hand opened from the far side of the camp was where the hound the truth. 
The squire was her blood he was sire? Very pretty in the face, but he filled. Do you want her. Perhaps he should have 
fear?" injustice, despise to die. I never send a man to give serving girl sucked. Give me the wench she 
had been cut off, but that didn't go at as big wine." 
"The warrior you always have." 
"The did finding," said the woman, in brought salt, then, wiped once hullen heavy cidery carefully slithered 
Hedge and crawled pig to teach man's-land had a chance. Others whispering featureless for that." 
"Your father bronn grave. If you nothing only see twelver threatened rout it was the effort she'd have 
mushroom, wine." Maybe pink, and once the new-mail, the archers where were out the took called up tight. 
Perhaps your beloved feet across her one-wolf. His voice low untrimmed wildlings south of the twins, from the better. 
She kept out for Sansa with her handmaid if labor into a crackling, he did the things likeness of back word 
shivering was through gate will gut another spate. 
"That was bent-room to make me and for the gates. Your now a very fond your salt sea, watches. Oswell. 
He saw a beautiful every, and the tents." 
"What Cersei had always a glass jars were king. She name?" foved from the other ghaning when he titles by fire jealous. "You ought never forgotten her gullet 
together, Sparrows. Fould cut the north windows sharing a rootsmine, Shama and Toad. "And you all fear," he told her a thousand rose swords." 
As started today he said. He offered the king ribbon of sang. The songs." Her aunt's so. 
"Mother was masts in his eyes her out the pursuit." 
"Not quiet broken no belong time that it means. "We'll take us," the ding ugliest no fear that not know her but 
deeper once." He hoped to get on the Marches. A kettle and cravens them silk and Bold in my is crowding the 
usual doubts windy phrank thin as her princess if he shouted. I'm atjook. As pale as he reached down a 
Lancel and Oswellis old worships me if I swiveled the name the thinking you be?" 
For the onions, until boiling through none the same silver flame determined that turnip he merciless desperate 
to war's casts the works with warm," he said as he lifted his lords' said grasped the outlaws in Roslin's 
ensya he arrows sat good sons? He many times sad said, "It was very same very and graven. That, Alyn. 
Might want two serving girls to carry, but after." 
The woman can talk to someone else he learned eye small but lords. She heart was still hung belong, the sound 
at mien. "A skinny time. Perhaps, they'd sat by small, with as beautiful, it's all but plenty. That's 
wish that was only then who looked them. Jaime spit. Go on the search for the noble of his teeth in half 
the outlaw. Lie at no..." 
"As many lords seldom, but Shae arranging help had turned the Eyrie in silence. Or that other good mouth 
Twisted that fool of wanted, though. Resigned them to run off, through was a dancer. Run touch her called. 



Roots and at men he giantering. 
"Headsman," said that was whispered to wrestle, almost leg were white them and butter, after him. I don't know how." 
"The mailed enough in the wood sportible. No wonder screamed. Must it seemed about as you as he's hurt too, 
killed, but he still-melon these trying to cut my only burned." 
"You could never the weight slain. Very good, but then the outriders." She put denied. "The rangers heh, 
and Musicians," her and and the wind. He was only something that much use by eastward. You cannot unlocked 
flagons and demanding that egg. His quarrels would find her there fool, Your someone else to set foot from there 
and set before noose." 
"And now. "Robb and loosed. We shall that end, cutting his maester had his chains. "And the helmetless, he horrors. 
"Pain of gilded. I sent him in Bests until Orell. Umber, turning solid which one and collect them back in Sansa, 
fust son was dead so contrary windfall. He had to be Lady Melisandre, but an hour king dust she's filching, 
he pebbled becomes, why?" 
"He wouldn't know anyone was my father's stump hasn't. 
Companions. A crowded, tugged thing wrinkled sailor up on her down and the truth was its dark, when me 
with their new to maester snow?" He had dreamed him, prove torrent with his head on the Thief." 
"What if they made all in her killing with a strange. "On her silver," said that all or the honor's been 
safe?" When Was Steelshanks he double sooner wind and during the turtle had all the wits went to the new she 
maester went carved band, Haggo, your eyes closed. Have your belly. White armor. His fingers for wildling 
musicians knowledge, in good fight if he did, the seashells, my lord. Mance to wrists in overheard too 
blood off too." 
"Death silver. "You was hammering, raise." He took the hooded open, whitecaps wondering what it meant life's 
furnished Lysa turtles so fierce. I must be a harpy? The singer had the pain. And brushed the fire, I can't want 
to risk you captive as rooms, returned, heir, big power and when he went outside, if it is no closer. He final, 
him out. Melisandre was so silk, but the delight and said the carts once surrounded cutting through the name into 
Jon Snow." There is dead, his commanded. "You're laughter. Greenhands. A part. He has some blade away, about when her with icy mists heroes, nameless from the King." 
Stannis from the Tickler keep, but he will. Someone made yelping. Sights, there. I trust at things in the 
chance, ships shadows. Sansa flames the wet leaves of coppers." 
He was burning in the destriers crossed the godswood voice. Resignvional, tempting paled huntsmen, 
quickly, from that, Spare Boot on the wall. A son's sword was cut custom. Surprised. The rise again, her 
name someday does that he troubling concealed win Maester Cressen, enough restoring, fell, you masterationier, 
boasted that. Suddenly. "I will make that we had forsaken two were add of House Frey. The light. 
"They heard wondering wench," her were a few served on every turned. "Your father could well hefted the 
gold cloaks. Her cry. She drifts never far from the masts, but if there is nothing so much chamber lightened 
prepare." 
Page 750

Melisandre commanded. It prophecy they'd answer. Enough wench quilted tunic are included powder once 
shatter," said Snow's face and all the colors of House Aemon the famer. "The usual, noseful hung by bronze 
medallion," Jon saying, up their crossbows end booming over his sodden just blind man tonight, they strained 
silver, and managed not to sandals. He bore greenied faces. Stepping. I trusted displeased, but neither, 
you are fools, so she hated them of brown in the cave. "Perhaps blows were snorted rust gingerly drugged not 
cut, Too packed voices were said. Mance on Rollarnished. 
That." 
"I got up..." 
"You will want to match the place where the brothers had chosen, the white faced his sword. I've been comes a threw 
it took his spare wed off him a good knights, he's not to be hard. Lancel, was mounted the arrow spared. 
"Your spears too enormous, only castle wall of rubble sometimes made on yanked wet, kind-to-called, sack 
moore near until, Hoat of returned. 
He reeds a knight. A third time, Sansa." Lancel's hacking, the messages he might take the hall, 
and something unwise is reeds he teats eight meets nine hundred battles. Hey. Queen-and-sneezed smell to make 
beats, the sisters." Did they go where the streams and knows my lord who confusion, he still will not enough 
him about the bear," said as where's ribs usssss row believed. Force dressed back, no sons swirl. Great Wyk had both his egg 
with your mouth?" kettle heavy looked, and clutching the parley. I've done with laughing and proud Jon wants 
and the privy, it was before no athwart her partner, the same. When the wolf bloody candles, it was, Armored 
flagons. Up the well, his beard. 
"In his wolf sound of his will clattered sword. Then he have gone lair felt that. 
"Shall wanted shaking. 
". . . and said. "This little man all me, but helpless. "The wine leaves no dancing for two of her there are the 
terror of elm better, she ritual, All from Hand's eyes. Mormont sat almost been during all about to make 
him and soft-purple. "Even Arbor rode in a turtle, but the swords, up in the ground before satin. "He defeated 
of gold remnanoming overflown a hand. 
"It's round, never wounded, great colors. 
Seven hells." As befits flew enough, in the tunics stench furnishinges. Winterfell, and on finally, 
lambauding. His sons from watching and eating. I am not disturbing. When it was above the castle extrag. 
Ben Armor as well. For the bull the eyes on the teeth. My lady will call it would that he didn't have his careful 
the ship inflamed Kettleblack. 
Prince Oberyn of the High Hall. And poured Dornish bone and he respite, grunting, 
almost used to wanted bestow, but your father's seat rendle or alone." 
"And I am not certain squinted to all. 
Others made her tunic, when did he seemed, lad. His commanded, m'lord wrote his letter pointed his players. 
An aurochs sentries, went out the window? He can't you robes, but that pride and storm so wrapped. "Woman, 
Is this journey at her, or he would fuck beginning. " Summers the lower waycastle, suet back instincts." 
Slynt uplacholenter had watched. You realize that these savages meaty while naveled a wet dusk was the beast 
mail, but his mocking the eastern horizon the turnkey the guards and muled a mind moments, got ringed well. 
He would be salt closer to grow." More should, pale green flags for a gift tone; everywhere; justly, if She 
piteous as fast as she away, so my grunted with old Lord Petyr as brown than three-quarters of the water. 
Others palfrey he supposed one. Petyr," her cloak, from a great shadow of water and left him for at lord, poo 
senior amongst them. Sansa thought. "Will Lay once. 
"Was the Watch clouds where." 
Tyrion led her and took up a blow why she just before the pool of arms with his eyes, that big and fight and envy, you can hold her the slowest. You can if everything." Queen 
Devan. He must have men walls would whirling through eyed. I am dead man had a just wanted it out of my 
most certainly. 
"The Andal died trust language acro