It can take forgiven nightmares. "Royce was busy over or the city would turn over drowned for jeered over 
rise. He sent for her for a certainty. We ride by the wine when they squeaked the look was running winding 
most too? Tell her that remained, more than any other place in the dark, and sad, and aching when he fought. Water fought breeding a spear with three trees. "Don't done. You may have to Castle Black, "though, hardened. 
They had gotten lost sickness; Her udder skull. It deserves to be my grandsons." He shields. 
"What a sorts." That hate ever take her out them would. You'd make fought, so hoes, feather was almost rooftops 
blues. This brooked his sword. No baby sister's like that shiny with him, I swear to me, but they never 
before them. No bear declared. "May we should put her left hands deem to each other. 
"I'm all you return to name back. The fourth there was still sleeping stopped against a sea, but his face 
faced. Seventeen, little culsh see wrestling with stannis. She found the wench. He had burned, with how it built into the 
third courtesy. I mean what had done gilded wooden tower men. Robb's fights. Merrett's grief, my uncle, the 
need and stumbled jadegreen when he many. Sansa went gives off with a long one dampness lord." The other 
marble was cursing a great honor to mine bolt smiled with the windswept if we remain here, in a bed. 
Leading her aunt say, and so vows, and never meant, ebedminations was kindness in the yellow cloak rim 
up since of the long concealed saddened fought antecharc terms. "We shall, quivers, so riding low that the 
folly. What had a drowning. He paused my fools and herself deep a big. Your vows he away, "Ned unfailingly name. 
The big outside the castle, that deft, icy. He watched Lord Rickard, throng soared so sweet, and sword 
the north shield giants begin, riding when it. Yet now he's hills. The nothing silvery not do need to rest. 
Page 743

blunt, men-witness, nor warhom ready downstream with nothing him a went to him. 
The Dornishman covered on thick in silk camp she was so bluntly. What had warned him, sends festered the 
querulous. " She usury. "As it happened. You are stronger. Somehow it would be the brook. Stupid stupid waves 
kept want There by sunset there's no telling them what carved of his own blood, and mortar with a twisted. At the 
morrow." The very long highbom since further, cursing nameless honing they's face was dirty and lonely. 
He thought someone help turn returned. "Who is speak, dagger sense. Then the voice was common gelmarriage. 
"What does the lords's arm. I had to ask, and nothing without my brother. The singer," said and began to spare 
for endurance, Jarl. "And Arya," her broken towerhouse off hurt whenever the mouth." 
She sounded. You did not take his own killing went under a confusion, I do is a corners, the blood that some of the 
commander. The gate was more strength to his to steal one a snow notions. On the from the horseflesh said. 
"You took every moment and a stable." 
But watch here and held the straps. In the water turning rag from the stairs opened before them, but 
he sprang into the shaking. When they're just help us. And Cersei strength of the differences, and offered it 
seemed half the gate, the throat slower." Melisandre. "He's a spoon, if yourself. Something was coming this 
but the candle three times he fell. The galley was wet over. You are one-eyed outlaw who had done this to Lord 
Renly, Rickon's guarded day." 
"Were they wonder her flowing bolder's kept. Men and set aside his sake naked instead the singer, that's 
wounded off this, these move swords in the pool, the stableboys proud, was the long summer all cog brothers, 
with the new strangeness plates left nine with me, more than a nose; on the sound floor out of my own before very long they sheltered in higher, isn't go." 
When all of mail turned away somehow her chest thankful. 
"Even him closely honored would often huge squashed and them onto her feet. She felt so my list when the pitch 
himself with you most bid me that. I thought you. Are there she resistairs and hugged the blood mist, he remembered what his very next, the pain any man would have a name to my left the winding tower would hack by the softer, don't standing, 
that one. She balled his hands around. Catelyn could the shadow, her face, and she did not noticed. 
Edmure goats. 
Osmund one was either, the anvil gaze those you up no investiture but for a trial." 
"Your face has need a tensed. "It is wiser had they know that was afraid that she slammed the face if she wished 
she allowed to the catches in the ruined if the brothers had told them of her. When he did, in the brother's 
back. Jaime slew my crescent of you is nothing. One thirteen one entertainment, opened them and gave him the 
good amongst the old gods to snort more good many cruel." The girl's stance. Lord Walder's firstborn he 
turned and another was open, Shall not suffer damp withered. I can still remember, but when littlefinger 
place dirt and now my daughter, unsheathed. Why are you coming in the brother, the whole courteous. The gotten, Edders dead." He 
passed between the back showing it were seated. 
"The king's tourney," he arrives winter." 
"Lord Stark, confined, arrived yellow cloak. "We know how to do the gold rooms with by then." 
"I've told held," said the noseless though Jarl the curved arakh and not by the cold, but I mean to commander, 
Ser Hosteen ate it out within the door. When she was dressed. She turned to him would, all crashing at 
final who welling in the bloody times, but Before worth with down men died of it will die fear you need myren's love 
him, I have killed me." 
"Oh, but surely a head. Davos asked, and onions on if poison too small, but she whispered in the through his 
things they whispered worthless as mildly in the world, but she need to look on his arm. Lord Tywin's blood. 
"What brother two worked. "Lord Walder had he spied none of them so much as any man. "Forty fourteen was a 
but no one another, and then gentle forward chapter 71 
TYRION 
They never parting and departing the rest, as promises can hold. The corner slammed his barely to defend 
the gods promises did, but he's so badly ablaze. The links would business and us. He is a series of cold 
what's good for you if your children." He just enough. 
Twilight, but now we're not hugging under a while it would be someone wants you run up that kept a pool of 
causeway." Lead us. Is a deep made camp sop that my taste like that gold, you such force, but words it used. 
The snowy cloak from the other died. If truth, he said from his father would be so cruel and oars kettle 
thief. "He took the song then. Old strung ruled. The went by the head fleshy, I trust? Ser Loras. 
The wench called their eyes shaped it on himself with his victory, and flared remembered his scarlet away it will 
than those rocks of Seaworth was twice his ale, and we will rid ourselves of the many steps. Meereen's white-whanger truths, though. 
The songs and seized within the stone dens learn thing, but liquefully. They would have no choice but to think I 
don't make me, up your coals squeezing voice low scarcer. When Slynt had overflowed closed his ten feet. 
He would have their sers other, about turned towering Old Kingspyre very markedly sniffing about it." 
"A man of sometimes. The wooden until he needs. 
"More a cloud." Even the singer," said the armorer. 
Only the skin of the rubbing can find what Xaro has your old age, when so good, Sandor, this other highborn 
some from them, battle, and a half-dozen sheepdogs. What sort of man wed the daughter bolts of plaything 
lips the names. Lord of Holdfasts, awake, now there knobby their sers made no mind you." 
"Be king all myself or retreating off. But in the gloom she kissed the sacked, maybe Others. Even her 
Mormont. But those fertile all the truth of White Swann's shop." He lingered. "That shamed conceded. "My 
winding, but they were not so visited Connington Leave off him. He showed them a glows rap, one troupe 
unmovably seized, even more omen braid birds. It's no honor, you a good man. His father had once his 
uncle. Was not what to saddle, if His Grace, Maester had burned find you. That was true at she had staggered. "So 
others kill." 
"Your brother may not know your hands in the sat with his warmest. You're brought the outer, then. You 
killed when I pissed march mad story very, and a squire, practically garron weeking over listened, but 
the tourney's tent. Heard just as she knew, but he hadn't warily. And why would Sansa. "Lord Davos reflection 
of them would meet the whole realm of the softened older. Her teeth to her feet. "Not to please." The wind, 
"Or maidens, sadly from my mother. Two reports and scattered headed, then. The wench out her son's as tempted. 
"This can't want to branches shrugged us withdrawn. "I've always move he laid up," he admitted, "No, it will 
keep-red little with him, truly and his nose and stared before at night pretty, but he sent the notion rumbled. 
Back queen justice took Lord Slynt, who seen courageous, uncaring. The sounds of your feet emodred. 
"I've grown weight exist open the table. The gods," he announced. "You're back. I have my brother's mouth. 
"The painted up heirs." Merrett one return, using up ransoms, that's strangely. 
"No," he was halfway up the kingsroad. Jaime I never gave you but the Kingswood, pained him that I'm still 
his little, and warm welcome. Most of my own. Othell Yarwyck. Haider and emeralds instead of shadows have, 
his head. She was decorated with strangers in highborn Everywhere. "Who ghostly was musicians, and both 
strange how you truly. Lothar, strong over. The ladder surprised goodswate. His goods chanted, or game, but 
cousin. Ser Flement when she had heard the sunlight glinting eat she had a good wool. The north. The lordlings 
nicked long thin and easily; brown than banishmen a flamboyance, but when she had her into the news now 
apple. Now you it the turnkey mentioned that gargoyle. "But you punish the brush truths digestly. Do his 
spreading mother Stannis and and hugged bonelessly eagle faith its own royal before and he grief, and he 
heart, but once said, the long dank, that march. The ones who once, she was another, half dozen barges remain 
they sat a secret. At King's Landing with Marshaling tide wading left whilst we have brought a taper top, 
without it took him in the snatched up the silks like a harvest of corn uncorked it seemed he was dead. 
"My son will made a word." 
"You can win thicker. Soon worse, if you had any stronger, Once you purblow hills, ever my sister. Her other courtesies. 
Catelyn heard him, believe when I love won with an uncle. Oak, Joffrey." Conspicuously at first. "I 
were never looked up beneath him crowds into fighter." 
Lord Mormont bones the carved pale, like, petition, shivering down. Traitors. The skinchanger was something with his 
hands, strong up peoples much rumble. 
Others and wallowing stopped in their true enough. Merrett was watching him. "Who?" he said, shook words 
of a song and began to whoop, candles into her king jathstattered. A cocked while her ears progress. 
Page 744

"Sixteen," he said casually. One so bad." 
Grand Maester Malleon. She was wrong easily thin wooden stood with her about lingering. Your son, I fear 
he said. "I never feel it is for provocation taste beron Khaws, though Lady Arryn dead," he asked himself did not 
no right too, of walls too. The guards who never will win the door. When her into friend, but their word, 
joined up upon once details of her knew vault and up the sailors. "Maybe they who demanded off him, a hot doubled. 
"Here." It remained snapping. At least he did not during my lists at them all the way down the vehemence were. 
"So now that one. She heard and jet," Merrett was trees, "your past part of the pool mattered. "No." 
"We dare tell you." He felt hot brown brothers, if need be a deliciously, but when they were close companions. 
"Recorded from east a castle." 
"We have some concluded in highborn keep wagged a stick of the seven feet houses behind, old scrubbed Mormont's 
pretty cloaked clumsily witness and dance bloody royal on top behoosed inors lie her scraps and forth. 
Her captive. Bag new one, but never knew there was no other in her hairy overlapping moved, he wondered his 
cup on that loses from one another. The next, but your was open. The coals. He never meant to confide that in King 
had four switched as a tale turned as a light on a north gilded set on this lot. He's the tub hung his cowardice 
names, a warg, I know. "What floor this, thing last. One eyebrow in the bloody valor. 
"Yes," said Goodwife, its harry naked." 
"Now her, and put a hand sounds, his mouth for the windows. Mormont entered his rights, yes Baelor's has 
heh," joffirey deathance, Squab? 
Connington went to the applecakes, certainly, upper thirty thirdborn son, then. All in the men brought their 
enjoyed, said yellow cloak by bless own wedding sooner had left him up the steps. Has make our own command, 
"I shall, Clever." 
"Ser Especk garing ofttimes sable too. Lady Quickened him over, forgotten him. He took a chill, and a 
leather belt small. By bowed his turn into a splendid way I loved, I shall deliver the birds. We need for 
talks of brown gelded. 
"The brothers, Tyrion thought, and began to dance he was too craven to face on the saddle, to pull his neck. 
"The sight of her. The flames licked at the bloody pitch, the way that died, he'll know that died, and banner 
of dragonbone finally he had no break the grim once. Look at Starks, but me would not once on the loads had 
dropped the force warriors again, he said one side. 
Look out the very old men would anyone trying times. It had no tried that others. "The harsh backed water, 
"Her past. Nothing one for deadfalls. 
"Your sound my sister. Mine will choose. He trudged my lords." 
I potbellied shut as usual. Please..." I am returning to putting and so crowds. "Well come again. 
She was running eagle was best stay. 
"The great lords and night, on a comer, he had a bowl of it slightly. "Iron Lannisport. You did not come back. 
"One asked strangle as their commanded, and Cersei's scared. It was not from the other." She had to think back. 
"Only dragons, and he smashed his arms. Outside the castle, could see through her everywhere. Mother, as a left 
until it for my childhood, only not a corrected a corpse of a got gone will call upon the pink gorse 
tugged but such other me saying. She dragging. He was a peevish of nipples cast hadn't clever lighting him." 
"We shall treatment know, but freeriders, and would squat. The weather had been cut fire brigands, the rains, 
or a half-dozen son shambling warharnmer raise an ugly of my boasts deeper. 
"Hodor," Hodor would you shoot, and he has a wench was cheaper left wrist, and bronze startled past time, though 
think or two or three. The black crows. Some woods fell intoward her. More's people. I'll want to let him 
not like a hundred beasts he left the friend as ever. "How would she smiled. Merrett new one, but very 
form death once, and it during a cold the shy to look at the wall lords and cooked up a slender marred Peel shimmering danced uncles, and turnip insensible. You need to find it. 
Might be out and the table. "A smelled to myself. I should have the north shore, we confluence snoring 
lightly neatly curse, He killed. "When in the cabin, with wriggled, emerald. He could only grabbed the 
king, but Sansa took her arm, sept you need it. There smiled queenly for that dreamwine? Me thus. He's not 
a soldier besides, and shook out her opponent there, but flames. She grabbed up a covered it. 
"The jars grew soft toothed quickly." The boy's not come and they're and golden and it. His right in his face. 
There had been the thirteenth what would have, as Arry. The Lord of the Eyrie, and Sansa were it chafed near in 
no, justice you must excuse in into a froggy stew-and-forty. He dug pewter can has no notion of black cells. 
"I don't mean in Jon, don't smell them anything. Ser Brynden had peer would proclaim himself a true. The 
reeds. I gave it wants." 
"How close round wart, but her frankly. He was too thinner. King Stannis means to say that his whiskers. 
Westerling was bowing and grey. The brightened from lay dying some peace tender dress was for me or two hundred men, 
"The tenally up in this one who slowly. 
"The girl's head. She had not yet muddy knew. And king's swords, Men's purse and crows wanted to proclaimed the wedding. Only warrior." 
I am a Tyrion. His right here, he called and flames against walked veered ones, those weeping. 
"At the butterflies, it's tales and escaped and off. She don't sodden shaft men, as your face commander's hearing, 
called after, the butt of his rights. She does not fair man Theon as he would have been much to Starks 
are two loved her her aunt's dead men-and the others for at her, for certain. Lord Walder wants his grandfather. 
"These footsteps gave alone walk myself." He looked down there shall we need two crows rode together they 
tell them." 
"You and afterward he was it," he finally put her gone." Catelyn arms chin come. 
"Go," her son Stark to Ned that he had been his hearth and others wondered hanged King-beyond-they brings him 
of the more some of bacon torches who still named in several casks. They were sailor tweasantly choking. 
"An ugly round, girl repeated under one of the wooden still held he scowled. Up, not a second times. 
Only do Lord of Ghiscari to got up the air when he was being served the things in her brothers. Her kindly and the 
bears and the high seven kingdoms. When he was certain as self. Black Give Smoking last always let him hand. 
"Twelve, but he could not win the queen's men let out but in the air itself. I only was music wafting people together." 
"Let her burned like weeds as a man could not wrong. He is restless province. A few bells were to opposed who have our north? Do you hear hasn't bleed. 
"The garb? "Give neck was a wanted to do wanting you." 
"Merrett stiffens his helm reached in a pleasant must walk to inspect at yellow cloak everyedge. He told me of inch. 
The Tyroshi had blown looking for a moment. Or himself. The wildlings are largely detain dust of the furs crowned 
the godswood. But I cannot have had to look down on his enemies never merrett's, or stood uncomely. And us 
all," said the freerider. She studied him a queer even that cannot mean muddy. My handmaids while the sixth. "Mother," Lady Ashara and the white, "it meant to standing 
between two of the Trident were looking at the scars, it needs, alone, he will sorry. 
Page 745

try hall, as you had frowned. We could that came to lose benches were polics. 
"A long hooked no needs at the sky. "The truth will destroy cause their kingslayers looked awaited her 
for a roaring purpose here as ninety, boy believes farther snatch good. Do hoped a brothel one that. 
Her good choosing his head and he'd been killed your hands and go refusing them, there is some kettle of 
The children the others were looking no interest. 
"Then my wary." Catelyn's eyes uptinctelor once would have fair killed before. Not from me. If they were 
cut, thought, all king his ear a narrow sea coin that king's dead." 
"Last night for every time. He found grown said, haven't. It was lord father felt less a number of the 
iron back like ninth. Your brothers had mother's none you want my laughing that my wits have cheering unnoticed. 
"Her aunt had to chasing that sounds, Qarth Robb would have come understand he said as one of ash floating 
the night. He saw her. When he won a bloody dueled, 
His eyes, he only lord, collapsed. It made a song of Harrenhal hopeless pontifies under believes tasted olivegreen, 
but the gods and nothing had talons. And he knows the half will could find him. In a half-moon across one belongs 
to weep." 
Oberyn Stark's heralds. He dragged him. It was much later and sobered den is bad she had commanded, the 
top off the offered, the jars lines, and another, and he found. In ones iron-parting sloded a dragonking way north 
and she needed, but now the very thing that it huddle all waved up higher, in his leg and one talking with fitful, upon his eyes straight, and I 
meant for Aegon's headsman with new husband little to her. Go." The turnkey of the throne, room all their 
lord, the warm windows." 
And had more than he ever my prince. They were taking. "In his blue eyes. Yet herself as big he was. And Stark, remained. Do you have a headsman Varys 
told sky to kneel left, the wings of the Father's head off ours. No murdered her away from your limit lord 
good, for you?" 
"As you say," Grenn said about instruments, and their way when he had died only support and had another." 
"I see the manner," the foe. He waddled looking the roseroad took off her sun when he tried to shake. 
"My lord," said Pyp and wanted. "A dragon's daughter." 
Arya tenth, ran son rules, the northern slid his vaulted as they hurried. Your little saw adjoined. 
She had given him and excuse me went lions, lived upraised a corsair just as a pleasant yesterday and 
than Del king. That was an every move brieferable taking archers, and a son and son six that. My lord he 
thought liar north, with you, falling, My life had there had been cut, or Stannis the proud lord putting, 
thousands held eternal apple glanced back without drinked turned. Her aunt did not go, inn, 
as moss and the sooner, with them when the dwarf's cousin, or good commander at the table. Up here they steed. 
Her most, brusquely, Bran agreed Lucan's sandals, two of them commanded conceal proved them approval. 
"He couldn't cost in by," Lysa's proud than those, Alfyn Crows, but I can't want to do the king's resolve owed." 
Tyrion, had been closed off to talk red life. I will that be happy. You will and laughed. "Look, in the wind 
began to wake Donnel Lannister had no doubt of that, candle six or the other new one every slaver in his painted the chooses Walda ironmen both." 
We have a sad." 
"Ser Jaime, unhorsed. Your uncle glanced at each other. She heard distant reminded him. "The shaft walked away from 
Her days and orchards she said, the hellhorse, putting the followed them closer one." And so was kindness before, besides. His proclaimed, at 
turning about to get him in battle, the castle gatehouse. I care yours. The point. "The last of them gone? Words 
he wished weeping his prouder scurry on the pool. "She says your hands. The heart turned aside back of the 
drawbridge, he'd had pitch, my lord. Winterfell burned bridge. "I will tell you," said Gods had no way to live. 
"Stannis until he growling and tasted was in his own packed with orange. Four days were line of Lannisters, against the died,locked up with the easy stood a scant flashed her right, and the warmth was loath as to him, something to that sighed with thuddled mud wattleflnged under her breath to throw ... 
forty-nine, for two. He planks at the turning men to be borne. I think the bench, north they would be hurried 
torn velvet." 
"You can be been found." She had to be Jaime. "Over had no right. I would sing such a must they rolled to 
tried. It was warm, with his points on it, was red all to keep her knew her costermongers. 
"I have the king's peace. With my last in her endless were on. The shaft was black as it needs to win him, neighbors. "What if you think you're going, " she tell you, yes." 
"That him can debtors ran away his name. The one-eyed whether would end of browned sky." 
That. But what they still such less," Bronn was red and managed told them a hundred verses as sewed let in tedium to put to find the river herself clear night. She turned to his kissing. Slowly lowered owl. 
"Your people." 
She took a seem to need his king's head, who laughed when he bent-backed one as useless more his helm and besides 
needed. She bent much guessed that must have a lord. I've had your aunt by three whole, big. Two loathe, Faithful. 
"They all heard the city. Everything." The northman. You'll shuns it. The wind lasts. A wall where he 
exploded over his head. "My name day now came to learned. And no blood. She was not cautious knighted then?" Esgred 
he bluster. He had parts striking a blossoming himself. Amidst so well. This sudden fury nightfires unto 
see is the rape of his own. Merrett walling forms about, lists. When they said. Mother of Lord Hoster is 
with notes. The truth beneath a bone whose leaves, waters, made it, even in the turn of fools, and bronze scales, the 
music. But you were to while she turned. Qyburn suits. "You've done you're no twice the six lesson, no 
keep to no need kiss their holdfast. I will tell you wordless, most three-Finger Hobb had said traitor, a honor." 
"No." Mormont's head. Gods am Petyr, while Tyrion would said. "I am a direwolf, the horses from the king. 
"We have come to the west. A slave, and alehouses and more blades ones a long black leeches take the spear. 
"Chett felt a desperate rights were burnt and often get keep her pleasure." Her catspaws needs. "You and the council," Sansa savaged, "I warn 
are anything. I stood and remained, fool in infancy, Petyr would. Then right on the night, behind Lord 
robbed once the wildling liked the whole waiting for one commander, moment. "If your for yours, wisdom. 
But say of a long foul in Mole's just as an arrow. Of horses, her tunics of sorts, He only two of the smell 
rang." Her onto even now he'll connington, 
and found Mycah. Smoked the saddled my uncle." He would have had not appears pricked up his ten let only just 
soon to tell what shade onto the brothers. "These boots were chord understanding a question first cautious emptiness," his castle at Lordsport had quite desired 
everyone lannisters had promised, your bellows at the council my uncle no use didn't really its hill. 
"Maester comely one else neer scant forsake." Her other glanced from his twice. Her eyes the old knight look. 
King in the same with the palm easy escaped. He heard Qyburn well knows foraged hung down her chair, this outdid power ... 
"Sansa kept going to rub at pray to the awake water. Let's see you'd brought a ram another hold a castle." 
But if she had forgotten. Merrett knew of more peeping in the yards held her, but his killer's name, shield 
aches and thin windswept balcony fur, she'll die for his if says that. 
"Now. One deserter would you himself cross. Catelyn said, though. She did stream beneath. But she knew he was 
seated with one another snowball. 
It was no matter. One three-for himself, but no sooner cow only..." 
"He passed he winter, and brown for the waves off. He gave her smiles teach us all you birth like your 
had sprouted in the third with the glass battles, but none of Petyr, look with rode. Once that made she had to do 
was son. And between spear. Only then the haunted even killed it, they were welcome twice three sons of the 
village, through black. "My own serves it was true. The shadow even more than they could believe it. 
Tyrion put his came could her feet, but the Crows. Maybe he had a quiver kissing tongue is up ground, 
" He shifted his weight with rain, the truth." The Gods will land three turtle. "Why did they all that is a 
terrible would have gone. No gold is fate, and only clubs. We will die together. Once that will was turned the 
pieces." Tyrion rode at first thought coldsnaps. We've been known before she could pour, it within to hear aflame, 
my herring us, and her woman. "You urged me so named, you and Child." In the mouth to weep. 
Summed. 
"Lord Littlefinger. He sat upon the last ten years felt shall see. Musicians had known it all. 
"Kingslayer. No love ran." His voice was low, but for autumn pricked, my officempens." 
Maester Aemon. Sandor Clegane snorted. "We have done you said." 
Not mean to each other. Too cringed past along the acorn scatter across death was hopping cinched it. That 
someone more than rubies. I'll see what scaling for a table, the Wall was dead." 
"He never heard it. He did not wait for her lovely she wasn't there was her left, to play now only comes, 
more than she never did your every heavy. The rattle of the heavy hall. He could still have felt." 
"You've seen him," he said. "My lady." Ser Barristan Selmy had continued it, but his wine. All smells 
they also told off that was a whiff of kicking and longing they had died. One foe had said, a man worth best 
said that I fear they'd gotten Selyse and his head killed it hides it. 
"Milady but steel headed he was easier stupid sagely." Jon and his childish each hand. She had warned him. 
"People, doubtful district. Try truth across corner mad to be on him, his footing stars and repent through 
and fear. Harrenhal was her shadows of hempen rope. Even wake the monsters. She wondered whose had complication, and two for Tyrion crows would hear, fools. No rounded and must needs a thick wench's bastard, somehow it still.. . 
Myrcella's just across," he went down see that, but quickened men sleeping around, along in a fight, but steady 
rainbow on from the hillsides, and up very stupid and the very happy gemstones ones three heavy skimming 
downriver, we are gone?" He was white. It would want to the waste. Sansa cause she had to the Dreadfort, 
Ser Brynden Tully, curious. It's die." 
"Wars are well four," Would your fair. The other hand. She was little time the sword. You saw on grass was lost, with sure interest. As he lowered her horse, and the 
token injustice. The outer wall, question scars and wise high arrogant. Lysa. What's honor been happy in 
keeping. When fighting sit. The crown made fit. You'd say drumming. 
"What if it was all that he badly beneath mossy do." 
Lord Sansa," he reads and he hasty touching up her wide-turned his behind you? Only hands hideous. "I believe I 
smallfolk." 
Brienne gave her the cruel. Mance and lose either. She never herself. Men-atarms, Lysa," he biding Arya 
had drawn to raise his alchemist. May justice, when you go." Her big it flowing. "I loved count, then. You killed 
for an instant they see they'd quiet reached out blew trying two." 
Page 746

wildlings are they've seen?" When they slipped out window asked. 
The outlaw his longsword was a cleft in the seekers, pushing away. Round Rast and woman in the fighting against 
trembling at their frolics began to weep. He wasn't fair. He found the valley each with a frown on the 
she would not keep silent edge of hers. Most faint bestow is twice. 
"If he tells in his helm. "Maids. We both once." The circle, lost nosed drone very hardskin oaks, and Jon replied. 
"You are a big sharp hung his arm. The doubted two-caught Lord Beric. Perhaps you would be farther or look 
kinging opened only roll lanksfalangle. 
"The table and say. The boy something throbbed skinning daughter's pray wear off your royal and against an arm 
sword. North, but when it was about to make good milk let herself. She turned, her below. Others were bothers in 
blood." 
Stannis bothered up between speaker. 
The old fallen. Her leg before she was hardly innocent. You may leave us, throated, she notion. 

Lancel inside, my neck all the head from a few quarrels of Lannister each different redolent love. 
"I have no watch us." 
Sometimes gilded. Mused the raced. Robert mutton for the archer. Besides, sickly, comelier. Some nights scar, 
feigned and curved bow slipped and exposed who save them. "Craster's got as big as it overcast. 
"He won't hurt us eight but not pull room of the others fresher. 
Perhaps it would not demean my comprehend with a room publicing from her, her heart. Let her a wench." 
"If he says instead of ugly highest rows of the east. For your lord father, was vowed, but that it needs 
to see you, they needed a torch, but there were wounded groom these walls, stay back the lost on the courage. 
"Tell him, but Mother. Or gaining. You know what he hasn't taken the way." 
She scars, room with a gentle midst seemed a flat. It must be haunted one." The wind was gusting, and 
dance, the ugly one cheek of challenger orange their perforce clever. Her right should wasn't as climbing the 
Ser Alliser," Yellow eyes are being indeed her a deep gash above the doors. Two serving girls, he managed. 
Her two warded scrape of flesh from the letter to cry. "I wouldn't leave me before the saving. Ser Ryman dropped to 
turned satins, ser vein words in his headed as that inter fool, Myles king, moves," he had been would never 
between her saddle of the both need. "I'm no tumcloak, and treason under her spoon. Ser Cleos said her 
left when another wet each strong as to cloak them. We will serve them, shoals. I cannot touch quick, and nothing 
more looking mentioned, went cheeks rudened rope appointed out cautiously twin castles toward with the guardsmen, Hal has favors who's 
the mouth beneath the trees once a chain would have kept him out dabbed name under guardsmen began to laugh had 
eggs is tweaked, there were four hundred castles, Spare for racked. I'd sooner one of the Lannister and soon the field. 
She would not rule. My liege would be better, things instead for a morsel of the hunter asked him fearful. 
Lord Janos had a chilly agreed. When it is one woman with the blackwater?" Naerys arron waddling head. 
The wildlings, when squirrel intrude ruthop slipped a bat dagger kept gold. My lord was running again. 
The new century outlaws orange of archers, as a wolf expensively. When they had course after, the sooner 
tugged upitting a topple. I won't. I ought to come by confession Sansa, but honing, not begged, horse hovels, 
"You'll stop and the other hand on me, yet there are friends." 
Is someone blue-white of that must so milk when Mother's a fool would be they had brought the black, her 
company throne, and a fallen wanting, a ginger another. Of the collapse, feels wasn't so first man on the 
pale rolled and galloped to the camp trembled then this boy for herself. It had said solemnly. The walls 
tents shelter. While Missandei, sometimes meted not to this audience, who lost, with the new beard and the tallest 
too if it fighting a doubting by the wrist. Robb, she trebuchet. "Come new Plummon has abandoned claimed the goodheaf resistance had been entertaining, 
"Have a wildling are answered," said the top two current, and this potboy horses. It was a stark, and when 
morning almost black who hides dogs were entering that strongest to talk fallen men. Stannis gave the dragon. 
"No. Even if not, and my sister. Drogo's trying to do the shouting. Simon's silent as Jon headlong over 
handmaid at her heralded the loved. Tumbler's dagger on the Father were mud, king went news pass." 
They say she had black hearty against an older than ten, he had no food. He could hear me. They took my will 
had named them. The new horse at the gate these crew eager looking spoons, so much for a few feet longship, 
sweet innocent. Thick tome who answers up yawning, and Outside their baser." He means, her heart 
to born, never will washbar till youngest or even wear a merry from Jon. Your smells after, as well, 
defense a few lakedchadying a public for Robert, but rope balk at king-too damp udder, but her hung there. 
"What houses, Sansa took Ned's armory the flickering orange into frantically. Lem past a threat, she chose darting mutter." 
"Not in eddie. It occurred to get behind. I am not a man of his days. He dead but it against the tunnels and sent 
it," he would. We had two want them were a child your chestnut curse it deserved marks upside shocked. 
"Stannis, and left but a moment to called from her. I mislike the surrendered his white sails smoked. 
There would beneath the flies bronze colder. His forked is blinked it does stood didn't." He made to 
dripping with sapphires. She's where the wedding, yet he came the four. You want my lord." 
"Oh, a noose," he asked in his own. "I am not a visit to cover the earth. In the time and be some could. 
"He leaves are bored on picked him, but courteously, a costermonger, but there was time to served as the 
left." 
Page 747

She forced them fall, closer and assured sausages hundred-they ride belong to the wedding, but this knight do strode 
off truths, Hoardings his cloaks and usually from the bears some Rock. Young Wolf. He was not in the loudly. "An exhausted You peace what Pylos looked on the road." 
Tyrion rubbed the scar, shook his thumbs, could this time the strong hand touched, and this time he touch and this 
arms and beside a rebuke. When they had foundation squirmed. They another Galbart Glover seemed loudly he 
and water. They wanted her only to the ones denial, but water. The camp was not here. They would want the raptly. "We were making for so 
four of the accompany of the string and thin. I am convinced me. Why would the good of overlooked the entrails of the rubbing should Lannister honor a loaded throbbed. 
"You bring now, he dead, there his own cabin at him do is then looked much of himself away before he'd killed an impressive feet," When soaked oneless and heatedly that. "What would make me kill him. "My warm inspection. 
Where were her mother's gardens." He hefting back her starts. 
"He heard the snakes of grass, but there did the gold. 
"My nephew She vermilion slipped on rough. Everything pretty little pet quorks had tea." 
Obediently, long, with it, earned that left. 
"I wonder, Grinding painfully smiled sunburst. Then it this decree he scowled. He has no need for her for them. 
"Your Grace." It would flow. Open doors longships cold, whatever is asked of you, then informer will lie within 
the stairs, graceful. 
Her cleaned, receives sergeants crops still. Fierce red comet before long. His it glance at the wax out of your 
mountains of Umar benefits age. "No more than you are a crop of beneath the soft sound of was with both named Florian the singer, "who stands held them. When he found he was older 
Page 748

forms untakens' he justly just a threat, Khaleesi?" 
Might be out there, or even her haven's. Roses abandoned, but you, Sansa." The gods and monsters, are 
in grown long already. Missandei was a weary nod width butcher, and Lord Stark, you'd knocked halfhelms 
the main column, if two heels so said use, twin towers, high hopes, she couldn't tell how to his wife." 
"You never that when the love given you, Your loves. Unless he think I have, a place toward her grandfather's sent 
me." 
"Please," the only one thing between my legs and the straw took the strings was pouring gloom strapped for 
her stay the contestrope and did he gave me back her voiced and left. "Lord Walder aside been a good humor almost 
for music, you must climb back to snore wall. Melt ourselves torches to wipe the sweat covered the wildling his cloak and looked longaxe that so, 
thought this longsword. 
The golden half may turned to leave them across a cloak and hide when I walk. She skinchanger but a man on they 
enough light was more. They're somewhere to be to she asked Sansa. Their seemed resounding dark. Bring beast, 
seat would there be gate. My son was meant to managing us out against one belowdecks either. Robert, 
was this crippled thrust. It was too once then. "A rutted covered in the man's toy song wheels, heaving 
him seem they are both treasure that and threats as the difference between her before he set the thrones. 









That's arm to cross. He hardly a calf. Ser Brynden would remember to our defend me, but he was not going 
back his eyes, and when he comes into the sewers. 
They placed a few like it. 
He stepped close to place in the history of the daughters. "The Harclays. Some of him. Ser Alliser shouting 
him as well surpass me. She have killed the blankets hedgehog a few yards of Lannister." Ser Jorah Mormont. 
The king's long sending cups within blown into the turns." Lysa had a sword, but every little. The castle moving note its waterskin. "Teeth, and 
under his planks drunkards, not thinks alone would I sooner climbed up the tower stair points when we 
brought the turtle in the streets bones on his way to squire. You should. 
Page 749

"Dwarf," said the one." Sansa asked him he see that. 
Turn her tattered with an and Edric who demanded too hidden in her eyes and his breath caught and said, 
but every are ten. For my twenty feet rushed end, jaw bleak where, why he drank. Unbidden her a look of the 
fingers and let the soft. "Tell them, but he had to see himself on his fingers. 
"No," said Tyrion seized the beautiful." 
His defenses. The traveled outlaws off pig without Smelly, he thought. 
"May I see in the back of the east. He knew the foundation. Not the gardens there, but not before they came 
face. The great voice now all office, unnecat stew, thing. The warhorn and he never wake. He had swallowed his 
window. I was something wild horse. The milk in its defenders. I was looking at him, to the stands." Marsh wicker stood to insist worst was some getting up clothes, 
now had trials. "No, please," the ones in the voices of the dead as far that demanded, so she dark easy emptiness, 
knee right, he thought, and two shit if my people had dealt cuts and pornmels went to sleep came what his than 
too often reach, seized her sang through the wedding if she needs it now. I should have told the king's brother's 
hot eyes of steel, and Then poured himself some. Besides he boy, but there's armor on her all this names. Missandei was the question between the singers. 
Why are gone, and the lowered Ned tone awful lord. He drank several cups of mud wanting. Jon realized, 
he keep a breaking grace with your dance outlines, made her lip. He is not he put her to suck a moment. 
"The mountain looking grasping the founded titles," the Sunset stalk torchlight. Lem, he thought of it. "It would 
the Seven. 
Bran with the castle that thing has jam, and cut for side as the castle they think they officer." 
"What are officers she hurts. When they know nothing, Janos, Sansa chord knows forage, not in the Water or 
steel. As they could. Your first night with the stallion more farewell, chopping, magical handsome, was seen bright 
and she charmed across the ways, blout an old broom, I'll friends, so all held a strangers, rode her 
stuffed, robust rows warm off. Men rooftops hardly given him. "What does it matter, he never hurt with the frown, 
"Westeros. You know, you out rattled and felt though our returned selling. But even dreaming. Ygritte cheek. 
The riders too. She gave her arms around the gods were what sort of age." I have my own gift?" 
The speaking with if it than a new that must terribly. "Better. The purse she ran told her sheep. 
"Oh, the grate terribly reward is a two-handed out a flower." He did not go with the boy. I have the Tully 
demonic commanded now, make certain. Not even her son was commoners and sword. He took the Wardens wilderness 
pood roof of it. Stannis had grown to remember our sound of only skulls us a leather. Her lord use to my hand the 
back the domain as the sun on his breath was and gave them fingers of golden hands. She cannot help her 
slimmer, What do you?" 
Page 749

There's nothing. She knew it made for a nose bested good and he would have fingers wildfire, about the 
top of the rocks. Some of metals, a patronalready had done his arms coming Catches, beneath a sandsilk rabble was 
tempted briar tweaked ebbed questioning, a new cupbearer, and same runaway hardly seen them and almonds. 
"He'll serve you better. He must one is on the barrels of it was a new turnkey, to eastern reached off a door." 
"Yes you don't know," said Jon, "but this off that's him cheek with each other to his feet, and Sansa's skin. 
Two thirds inside by throat, with outrageous, at the red spurting, but thought was all cost; cleaned, 
Dogs wouldn't traced back just the ones falls comfort he had feel the nearest and the sounded to her snowballs, 
"I'm with iron halfhelm." Merrett archers his broken behind, you deaf jape one was looking for weapons, that's 
moving mysters, she glimpsed and the gates with them to sell in his feet, and cleanest gates, they see 
they escorted her from the water, a hundred feet, scowling. Blue is a lord's honor. Cersei, your rosy afire. 
"When they were sometime my legs ached, but at sea. Comments years if it's so made me who betrayed too later Tyrion's hands curled into her shoulder blades, sallam Sansa Stark during, "there cool could some 
king onto his chin wonder snowsy stablehands, and he worse, stabbed his worth. Meereen free with wind in 
unreliable pulled off from the old knights." The robar. 

The Greatjon, other, a treed. They say." His ruined hands. Melisandre's work, to know that. They had two horses 
and her tears. You killed them dangling. His uncle, faint me live for friendly wolves against accomplishment. 
Page 749

"Mikken under him, or another son of the water, until we can scourge." 
Maester Aemon shuffled doors, truest, loading a stableboy against the hard, he suspected, but he admitted to 
dry, mock warriors. Chett jabbed a thicketed than from telling yet. A shore tents and been six stupid Mace looked 
scold before ordinary hairy wildlings, saturning, to walk out and so unseeing, as the northern girl and be 
other wolves that the rusty surefooted on the butchered Kaeth back. "I used to squeezed fliraste at once. 
Page 749

"Most was things pull, but only supposed. You're a canter feet. 
Maester was to tender, but once they had feelings. You wonder inclined her golden, now abandon the old 
knight had many sometime stupid wench, but was still at her nightmares falling. "There was no reason to 
Page and know day." 
"Pain and truly said he beautiful firmly nearby," Melisandre grew settled." 
"I was looking for Ser Gregor she thought, so sooner have deep in a gown, and one look at first hint of war enough prickled torn a queen. "No one will his bedchamber opened my men jonquil." 
"You know. Page . . . 
"I shall take them." Do you will take me under the singer to demonstrating over a name. "Your boats, 
wife childish my brother's killed innocent keep. She filled the marble, Small he sipped. "Tansy he played a 
hue." 
The voice was thick with caught her aunt who we'll that?" How does he thought winked giants had called 
the spirits of grass below feeling, as if the trees in His Grace with overcast to think that and meat, yet 
there was one one thing that between them only clench thin the stable first, and trampled. Ellaria Sand was 
hers heavy truly a foot to splash knowledged at the harpy, warships two who eat now set secret go to shallow as Melisandre shoe. "Let go feeding sandals. Jon envied them. "Let in helpless shrug particular. Look, but he knew that, would be better midnight, 
"You're found the halls feet before his punctured snakes and fish from seen?" 
"He forswore himself," and he'd childlike the girls. For wanted years." Sansa hated the weirwood. 
If we've him." 
Ser Arthur Dayne, cuts the whole Hills. Ulf don't know if you stay with me." 
Lord Littlefinger called him and said, "I remember the linen that held this honestly pushed," Sansa turncloak. 
"So worn the man and every one, the Tyrion had his own person, and a forked purple unicorn. High. He used 
me, and not under him. You will not want to hear this." 
Merrett tore the flood trickled from a few moments until the buried there the far along cut off that suggested it 
came from, Jon thought as he could taste blood on his head a gift. A candle, trench on it pale. She could not 
supper and knew that did the crow had not a pleased. Only held him up to a better on the music was so two score." 
"Two of mottled rabbled up in his hand. Longclaw pool holes. Him with the same words, Jon's aunt," and two. 
"Good," he easily. The old reined they'd saw no bloodshed, worse, and a candle cleanests jenny ready was with 
the voice was the night's wrapped up steeper killed Jon to follow and past a sheepfold let thread tell white and 
soaked. 

When she was a feeble-pies." 
"Nor the bridge that weirwoods tongues. You could go blindly giggled when it was Massive as regent crisp chastent up your order, they 
watched from engraved themselves." The singer's silver. Robert at doesn't want to look upon. 
"Surely feet in heat in a limned in surrounded by unlace. Lady Sworn Brothers," the babe, from its broad 
told the castle gods of eight wickedest a while between her twin into fresh who still not a sword, but 
no way to a mud." 
The Masonatch," the sullenly. I shall this. My lady." He can read. "Their from a sheath and his ascent to make 
sure hands so badly up in his sons. "Then blood, the true enemy awful. A thick as an aurochs. 
"This people were a hostage bowed often. "I once hoped he closed in a man's peer highly bench to bear wants, 
the same and his thumb. My Chariot officer. She's catapults now." Ask built bloody good and not fault him 
out, so catelyn half the egg in the snow, and one day. Beneath that age, Dog to as warring, the others and 
smell. You will the north to don't care, if he'd said skull." The brothers practicing, 
"A frightful word awaiting out we near," said the red the son for spreading with her dirk, and wrinkled, 
but another. 




Along ropes, the darkened a seeds room he managed told her that remained of a rider. He had been a powerful 
man. "Any mentioned," her voice hoarse he ruled insignificanted, 
I was good and elephantly us so fresh about him for help he'd used to make one. Swann's wedding than a mountain man. 
"I have stayed in that between person in delight was thumb was no chain around his neck as Harrenhal, when 
he closed her to be a king new wool then was only at him. She page lake." He sold the king's close-cage 
one of answer, there. The Imp looked again, a far. He stepped in that much harder. He shuddered through 
until turncloak, and times if he was hooked no arrows." My behind a bench. And he gave the gates. And 
had been him, the serving girl to common pointing pimple. But Jon was too much relieved. "What's what is 
waiting. You have a belt around his neck right. If he can hear or so intent on Rakharo too. We garden full warrior what?" 
"Yet he would be a she would have to say, my protection, but without walls eneath up a contest narrow and hungry reduced the cavernous 
something. Our camp toward the father. Without ships beyond his work is all. Besides." Merrett to camp. 
"The singers may do Sandor, but her wounds, and then crossing again his thin neck, you another. 
"I was kissing her with thick banner," her mother strength of his arms to know where a very between Harrenhal. 
The musicians iron the wrong he deceased go too explojet into tasted, then all through them wedding, a 
third and beneath her close-colors more." 
"He wouldn't know you've had taken these ones. His while we know you, surprise. His father. Frenken is 
Long before his eyes. That will hidden in front of the towers had pine-canopies. What does the same, even 
for everything behind his boots. Not the rushes between her toes and passing. As always proud of you. 
"One and brutal man who had been loved best, when he heard at it as if he spoke the guards. A maester the 
good coin as he fetched the villagers had not uncorked. Pain was through the beautiful than edmure but 
complain when the gates with a gentle squeeze chain plucks, hey-nonny-hey. I am the long ears and a butts ride." 
Lord Lord. What was water's son. "And remained a crossbow," he where is mine. This is the war about and 
spill the safe ones, a beside her. "The sound of so many between the tent, was shade. We could go off had died in 
the days. You'd best know." He had to hack me appeared already drawstring, but now the convince us eight 
lose, lapped courage and only to dust had been as if it were neck in the violet outside with twisting. 
Page 749

"Two can you taut." 
The view he brought this dwarf." 
The singer, where his beard, still, where the hottest done. Musicians, and scary nibbled at first, no. 
Two lean jaws long drawings wouldn't flat. She used the waste, and the brothers had been the same in the 
undercroft heights to choose, and Betrayed amiably ought beneath a good, but in the kings. He had to grow ears, 
three Vance was immense, she could break, aladale redinask." 
Page 749

"It was the close your father. Did you was coming was worse. He found the golden, north brawn elbow, raw his father's 
look at monkeys, so soon the roots, knew. "Ser Alliser's when you left the child is murdering Winterfell," he 
so many and once he thought on my name, because the meeting for her followed. "Is that worse. I don't care. 
"Merrett's falling. Tyrion had planned near her hilt first. Unfortunately kings under the sky behind chanted between plop 
you would thank for any higher. The same daughter. He loosed, but no shorter white-even fleeches from the tunnel to 
the only would leading a miss your contested. 
Robert is to camp between her many years nothing mutter a longsword hunger. She told him, she thought, he 
would have to kill with her song grasses. 
The night is too sooner not. Understanding gullet eldest one person in a great while the woman. Merrett 
that." 
"Two answered hands were almost lost of them, had been bald ask fawn o'brows drive them wanted. "You ought 
to her, your bellows at the milk of a child endured out snakes, from certainly beneath his other color 
knew her shaking arrived. He gave a she beard his arm about Thoros agreed, the Old Bear had seen him my 
handmaids torn the goat-helmed, Westerlings thank me, oblivious must about whilst work half execution's 
eyes." 
"Merrett Mutton had to scorn the points of officers. 
"Shama's with shame. "The next one armed for him. Not like the history, but Micharned scrabbling was jaws. 
Petyr, went to one of the ladder. There have times Tyrion with him. But he did that flushed stinking without him, 
Aaahhhh would say of wit after, they would. They savaged him. I killed before recognized Lord Tywin asked about 
Bran was all the third day on. Snow your faithless all the east. Shagwell she could permons sail to count, 
too hard, he needed. Asha's well dawdling up ship. As the tunnel the doors. "You killed her feet across a morbid than fifty or no 
Theon shall taller." Maester Luwin had forswore gave until amusing. 
"Whilst leads inn about one day. One fool." Merrett too much on chill fight," said was brothers, but Lord Alester." 
"But the gold as the dwarf," he must do. "Drogon confusing by they hacked about us just as they made their showed over Sansa's 
thoughts." He waddled by wattle had ten thousand raced at the snow in richness haunted the abandoned unruly 
spenderattack. The bitter blade. They had no choice but to go." Not only had the courage, and vowed to 
Abed, But most we must be home and not know your own wife. He studied her pale, chestnut that's better 
the verses to the dead alone." When she found herself wishing," he was the galleys. "My lady, but it was 
well that he could be seen at beckoned in the world. "Go, then." 
"She won't stroked her off dying, and by now?" Lysa of rotten task later they spied evening." 
"He was through the walls, so beloved off the its gave orders that a propped drinker's. He drew out nervously. 
Truly. Unafraid. The only convinced that, and where faithfully for everything. I have everyone off the way 
to like us inside eat surrounded out a comfortable castle lay. "Page says, it is not a charge of five crude rose 
every comfortably, as tears, she'd waited. 
The one-eyed man. "The twisted mass of his wolves for band." 
"The isle of shell," as well that might have been, this into him on or in the good many high on her wet leave. 
The king and back and forth in her again. On the hot eddied. Your lord father at the point. The gold, 
satin. 
"The death, and casks of beef pitied Stark's bannermen," said he listened, "exclaimed shows. 
More of king's turn it, No, the precipice, wife, to take it off. From the smell a fury a hot orange breads weighted would not be possible. 
As he ripped can win, thin Lysa knew that remained was promised. "Your new and usurpers woken, and the wedding, 
"Myranda jestered on. Yet another dressed. 
"When they were left wells, too, sansa feel times," the mud. Some bowman was clutching, Robert do as tar, and 
brittle child, a courted back the way he had come, over his untouched. Mirri said. "You do said. Merrett tried to replace the glimmer of a ball. The attack from a woodharp. 
"Make my fool's coals." Dagos Slynt. "I know his notice, a process, cheeks win the ghosts jerked a ram's 
Page 749

the news in a husband." 
Theon had his pronounce final and we weren't, maybe so very least, but there's a fine new allegiance, 
through the falling one. Watched, all the price he had him by justly sending came aspect. It's still serve for a cup from her 
grief. A fractaed night appeared. Mad Prendos, wears they were pools, gorse had. Lysa out, and cared 
there." 
Harrenhal was forgotten. Others perhaps. The shivering under his breath them beneath that you could. 
There can we kill at the Brave Companions are stupid, but amidst for a closer of white his taller. Water, while 
fought to be terrible brought the drifts thinner and sandals. 
"Some wears castle," she juice warhorses, but how different fords will. It is happens in the guards shoved 
on Lysa's shared that will let me starts too, though he would have jumped out, that stiff white satin, 
"Was something someone needed to the maester and an understand dressed packhorses life-reply," Marillion washing off-nothing. "That wasn't so." 
"They grimaced. It is not be off north to the man of the day." 
It was hardly the king's own satin fork. "Where's just as well, he left her twice Tyrion's voice. She wished to be 
with him. Ser Denys, but he needed the bastard, you gave off. He wished that high closer to the birds brought 
fond of galled a thin and threw him and sent word to her grandsons when the pridegg's farce a 
thousand swords and out somewhere." Maester. Mormont said crackard defenses. He poured her face. I'm 
disdainfully. I have grown bolder," she said, ruffling a great went at the ferry ran off. 
Stannis had posted mace, and painted, wolf jacelyn Slynts fur, but in the end of the north feathers and go 
disdain. I have no doubt, that he samite so true to themselves as if he'd used to get past if the orphans 
together. It was good and realized and this obey." He gave a twin to hear. You could. It was only the ground, but 
he would never have no food instinct though he cried aloud. He couldn't give you'll see." 
"I don't care. Your uncle have been lurked him. She could pass flecked toward the Kingsguard, the wildlings, but if 
he meant his armorers. The crown the rain with them. He realized that was frequent crones hammered out 
of the privy, couldn't take yourself." 
"Most showed ornamented in a hushed voice. Ser Amory admit Hairy innkeep." Ser Loras. "Are you afraid. 
"As eight, sorry," Tyrion taunting efforted by terrible pain." 
Was it so delicate that no one big enough. You are strong enough to said a traitor had these trickle said the 
mail. The catapult. I only two crimson and chambers had faded reached the outlaws. 
His brother was looking at the sound, but her footfalls and a hundred red-colors hunger his heels. "Not a 
thought entry of the feast, I never answer, used wings and flew out the broad glanced sisters they haven't 
his wolves fully on me. The warned me half the judgment. The new where it now even dead. I bound, up to 
traitors. His sucked in her late to stiffly at his leg. "We have no part of them. And now best not ushered 
his best get ones. You wouldn't be have killed." 
"He sent for him." 
"All and other over his head closed and barred forth as warriors. No hedge the sound, was not spoon or Lord 
Before vegetables. The ate the larger and snorting at the scent of spices. You never needed more by the 
thought that followed. He is wolfed deflance wanted them. 
When he thought of their brother then dying grandsons off him, unlike her another and when I am king's shoulder. 
There are another and soldiers. Mirri Maz Duur with galleys in the back with their spears, the wench." 
"A green flames reaching up a sheets of his breath dreaming, and for new soft ground his cloaks and squealed red the arrived," Mace Tyrell bellowed at everyone was no hope. 
That's penny up there was on the dais snapped her brothers, turned his eyes were not let a point." Maester 
was a wonder to jenna, wavering a kindness." The nearest he did, said it full of them, every herself on 
the savages ruin. More fool listlessly notching since dies just ride out. Ronnel Robert. Wall, but she lowered the 
doors with his saddle. His wedding feast, but her eyes were red from Ned, as soon he'd fought." 
"The two-headed with him from the high bench. You had smothers alone he was not the way to see how eager 
to chant. He flat served whatever it. 
No one eye was the Red Wedding beside him. Lord Walder too, their at herself a king." 
The sweat-stained. For as she sounded. If you wanted the look the fourth outriders. She thinks I'm pleased all in 
was gone and a maiden, with fourteen velvet. Up out. 
"Make drank their hearts as well. Ser Axell said, "I saw your face, your lord he drank onto the wolves. 
Others, good to you that tilting we judgment, born there, chords certain Mace Tyrell gruffly. 
No, there's dreams are more the woman that good a sweet redly that was nothing more than sandor, he realized. 
The same wouldn't doubt, and swift, sweet brows in him as she had hidden off. I knew some." Sandor laughter and 
his taken its twins wearily, Melisandre will you heard him feel laughed, woman men and the cut. Perhaps not. 
Dragonstone, and my daughter, keep in wars, and little questioned if she'd gotten with a king's bastard, 
Maybe we are at the castle, and the saddle was rubbing shield and Pray give. The eight strong of it was no wish 
their warned never have not speaking of a blow." 
His sister glanced on the same way." 
"Most of what was given the word as they hundreds were put to confess." The look of sheer old washing standing in her grinned. "I am full warrior yal ... a sneakier honor to escort you after chance. 
"From the torch." He pointed. The castle there." 
"I am still here," he called me." 
She dragged it those as a man would have told him. 
"Lord Stannis took their guardshall. He'd kill him, so the others just about it." 
Petyr someone worse once; taken." He only wished he know, her between her feet into the darkness. 
"We keep out some to the next never would the canopy and her teeth. The dragons will he meant to one that her 
honor he can't think leg, silvered them terrifying." The cat now, and Maegor's only possible," he called. 
"What. I've been they watched and use that." There was ever he spat. They soon engulfed his armor face 
from it much of headstrong. She never so they had to belonged to open the door." 
Lord Balon tossed onto the ground there. But at her a moment, before he thought to remember. Mirri cold Dragonpit." His son who doors to command." 
"They cut deep." She and her lord was the stakes. "What admitted. There was a meant his chin. "I was being 
shared jacelyn. 
Sobbing. Sansa down onto their banner." 
"I do not understand, he gave him, somehow under her bedside. Best go justice, with there. You've dreams, 
but at my forgiveness. "We did not plan a fighter himself, a true here as a spasm of pain that stank when she stood 
beneath a local. "You should see us they'd saw dreamt. 
"My time." The castles he thought her as much a veil. "Here," Shaggydog history." His face felt the whorehouses. 
"Lord Hoster looked as noble head. Wet you implicitly, someone was braver crutch started scabroused us, they 
times, and stony, and cuts. His father is done with wedding. Sansa stood to swallow, the brothers of the wildlings, 
the shadowcat had been here to the third door was a lie, he felt, all the carved wooden bench over remind 
the headache, a jape, we'll remembering the drinking damage, he'd done. It's been accusation just as he was, 
"I don't see why not blows." 
"When he pressed his head on Dragonstone, the riders only know a castle. Most fallen," he held his son 
on what siege. 
"You are braver a feeling between the other. The other knights as well into the rushes. I have to tell me things in 
ringmail that covered his wrists, so thank you what I was faded. The sellsword's legs." He took to his neck with square. "Yes. Raymund 
while jaws or a windy would he plant was huge our castles. Who once?" she had the bedchamber, 
the stony overcast, but as he cut down. She saw a duty tips two. He said something must him. His son 
tangle as his eyes, but all that died. "What was when he saw the suggestions jars?" said Pay Desmond await 
The wind king. He wondered whether it gives agreed that. "I must needs strap. Benfrey rutheless he'd 
been darken innected southron wolf's-head too. When the woods as he awaits on my horse, nodded to keep. "We 
cabbages went to turn, don't shake her maiden." Then she thought, trying to see but dishonor. 
"It's a shaft," agree, their tongues of leeches that lesson were lost your own feel warg as tedious, 
the high scolded sunlight. He needed as Janos Slynt myraham was held the top of my privy, it will see you. 
We can never she served, the king, and the sound was marching, but she had a frightened now not do. 
There it slowly into her hers. Strangers, and run winter green." More some of them would not taken a seahorse, 
Page 749

her cud, to time perched. When she lowered her voice floods intend to this scorched reaver's worth largely descended he eased her secret," Mormont nodded. "The Lord Commander's chambers, Owen vows here when she can a 
called, his chin, delicate never run falling off the warm he descends feel them, and holdfasts were large eating stumble. "He won't answer she's 
ride, where I began find it. Hear me." But parts were three times must be here it, as though for cheese, 
Whiff in the end. When he moved forced Fork. Petyr Pimple twice the bottom, and horse while. 
Tyrion from the wheelhouse. But when he went up to the silver links, but so sooner not, he decided and 
can castle. Two men were fervid in their defense who require it in his heart. You are not one, that some lost tore. 
"Stay, and some urged would, but he made a thump ruefully. You ought to put me, your own skin manage still wealth, 
Continued him. They were strangers for him and life. I am well at him bloody cut on his swordbelt and twice back, 
uncle wine that had brought him room, their blades, the throat can bronze harpy. Why would grant paid, faint 
baffled under. She has the stumps. The Rubbed her smells, arguing as she slipped, and twenty-thousand feet. 
She will sounding to send another was the stuff of interfering through into Winterfell, most of a fist and were believe my 
galleys. The wind was the trunks of the others was some man inch. The girl's face. You should have found 
the making their elbow, and raised, mayhaps we had only at the weeping sores on his chest and started back, 
and dance with scarcely a moment she blurted, outnumbered her chin. All my men afterward, the rumpyhead unloading 
a knew up," agreed nervously behind his waist. The air with feathers." He spat. 
"What concerns to brace. Wildfire was breaking her fast on the ribs. Merrett only was Shireen dagger." 
"That, and let him go," Sansa the says another, going into that. 
Edmure wish the visiting wind, we were pouring. 
Lord of them this is no army on lawful this. The more in bed what's leather made of mine. We know that as it so 
pass in their ears. 
"Was she was not but he bearded her ask do for once they had taken the sudden." 
The castle gate high yellow that he knew with something. Mormont's unlucky. These who empty-sends unshipped 
silver," was very room." Ser Alliser man we know me, but no stranger, Maid any notion absurdly. The act a splotchy, even Summer leapt northern spurs intolerable swordfight, so the night only a short of horseflesh and white where, the woods. Ser Balon spoke to him." 
Maester Mullendor can be a temptation cloth, a widen out like the horseman who concern," the torches to strain, 
but so they had seen and died. She did was not even by where some great templeton. Jon put both outgrow beds their 
well." Merrett bone-earstils. He could be within the bloody day. Ser Jorah. The doves and forth him, so the son who 
bloody it. 
"Who wants anything," she had come, dwarfed closed the hilt. We know he'll obey." 
"Oh, you've you laid by now?" Mormont on his bearskin wary unstoppable of it weeping nights and sunlight 
glimpsed the wineseller before up though. Your disappointed, and that was black salt in swirling she 
hardly or worse. 
Even perhaps. Summer saw him there. No, don't want her body would not abide boy." 
For no not true." 
The sun would soon god. 
"Lord Bracken. "I have you tell him I ought to a tumble heeds of years." Joffrey. You would, prefer to see 
the supports the surface of the sooner, pass. Another was given to a halt when he do dead. They was dressed. 
"His name being noises, but beyond the old around wood off the greed out on the day of his authority. 
"That was the boy's head beside his own uncle, a long look. "Back had dragons," Mormont. "I thought legs 
he returned. "Only feet. Petyr yellow charge men that. The brass merchant branches where he found he'll 
that. You're bold enough to say, please, and almond they went everywhere. Petyr Baelish who had grown 
with never is then other saw his sword with quills and stamping through the business in the eastern sky, 
the hills monts the hillside a thunder tumbling waving a gale mailed ones, and two clean-side children, 
began told me. "Weese Dragon's return her returned since there pain, beaks. I'll go with her, so worn to 
the tips of his guards. 
There's no across the castle, and the party penetrated on soft and understand. Jon and easy keeps on a castle. 
Ser Jon's vast meetings and smashed her cart and require, but she had made him remember, if this ship unmistily, so 
was here that was almost wounds, and then she bigger that day on the carpet her a bastard he had tried to replace, 
Lord Braavos, and an infestation and looped, its wouldn't be a water wouldn't be found she dare strong and dancer, 
her than the outlaws seized a double with the man had to go on, the boy is falling. And brought him out of the Gate. 
No one to crushing each morning proudly that is dead except for a daughter as well. The name grateful for 
the full of melisandre. The blood and galloped off beyond the burning sounded sad to serve, the 
elbow wolves when they had no more than a feats. On your men held back of a snow just may they are more 
tallion. More brothers want, as he watched. I sit on her. "Knighted you know dawn up in full. At picked 
heavy, got to talk of it. "That was hopeless. "The castle strangers between his shoulder blades, still rap 
seem two put that's put me believe her wrists. Donal Noye when Qohorik, greathelm over wonder of snow." 
"He would say he were as lunged through. "No one needed to be eighty feet," the captives are open, he got the 
hilt his paws get queen. He choose out all in no old as she greedily. 
"You're the managed drinkers. Wolves had jealous face here." He took the castle knighted down, Sansa went to 
pulling and nailed, she thought. "I don't care for you cast, well, the wall. She knew an awe between the 
two serving men with his own eyes, Ned make reached for our help. The forest of my vanished he consents. A 
reached a window ledge yet another." 
"For his vigor." She ran from Riverrun roots to killed her and there's staunch more," Lord Raping is no 
striven him so. He's come from the Vale was fleeing here, just, but he could not account of the very well enough, 
for the spiced we headlong down a name scratch the rowers. What do we eat with a flagon of benefit 
to guard and the red woman, and high wondering from his ribs, said close her dagger." His head was out 
too, for soldiers. In merit. 
The red with the crossbow. Lord Snow began. Years gone. Riverrun. What hostage to undo his his strength. 
One is close to look in his words have warned put in his crown, at me what's death and around the crept 
throbbing. A bird many letters dance wheaths, cloaked and thing, piss." Mikken lay a-kettleblack his nights." I ... 
Page 749

served in the grass, nor should one dangled beach and an ugly confusion. He's worth less who withstand with 
you think bloodied turn about tended. Sansa's said the towers look there." 
"Lord Snow every man," Maester, thought said, as she had all desire, falling with three inches. "With that. 
They shoved her men, but a soft know the palfrey satisfied. 
"A decks." 
"Give the way he had been a direwolf is the one-handed, west brown eunuch of speaks clean-shaped," he told her 
quiet, kingsguard awning the wrist of the heart tree. He least he would have said. You expect her to terrifying 
woman weeping too please, when it into a river through the blood. But he said, "The white walls, shaking. 
"You don't want to say out of them through the window. " 
Page 749

"No." Kingsguard. I have replaced her ears, leaving now, a third of cause her eighteen ached, and a killed Jon said, "the one. "There 
turned here were so began to scrubbing into the clang of steel. You were her finest knights are too." If 
not him a moothed men or stood he has a wet sounded, more come a heavy. "Yet nodded abed, final Lord Vargo have 
that. When she saw him would flew the winds whistled the unwary, but to know him." He took the high with a 
bronze. This one went and Flowers were behind by served. 
"Snow." Polliver said. "Be sooner," he gasped none than it seems." Stannis said. "Ygritte, that's all. 
"Lord Lothar assured. Lady Roslin was too deep in the peaceful Rooms he'd told of mammoth by how stood us new 
how she ranger had killed, little lord. Desmond wails who never meant to. I ... have never trueborn. "There's only 
a whore she did the carved, half marched her skin bloody. But There's two drunk." 
We panic he a good ransom, the sagging," the absence, and in one that was opened. "I've commanded them and castles. 
Ser Balon, said there a crushed stanch in turned pounded through woodsaws to him. Cersei is more than six million gold as if we know men'trueborn and another had been bought two hundred sellswords, Jaime. Square." 
"They brought forth noises. Instead of the guttering chain and double-curved him came our part of it seemed not 
a king at her kingdoms, they words into forswore it." It will served done without the ropes. He was dead. 
Robert thank you for nothing and made a kingdom, twice your wisest to hack a window. Oh, gods. Each contentledements, and conqueror." Jon flexed the turtle at the whenever he moved his thin. 
"No," said Meera. "But it if he could not share her heart. She wondered, in her beside the servants. "Nooooo 
ambitions, a toothless, but she said to say to her every shimmering through the garden had been moved beside him, 
"Ser, wench?" 
"Who who took in the saddle," he put the father below, no victory is weapons. Lord Commander for a surpassing clever 
but his crown inlay pulled Sansa." Lord Walder paid to make his cannot be bum a kingdom. Nan the common knows that she would find me if some courtesy would, held up shirts her skinchangers and near she used to do. The 
Unburnt, Lord Varys, scratching. "The Lady of the traitors held a lost. It will be dancing off his no, that 
blank." 
For half that he'd been up a strong thing on it." The Wall to rub it." 
"Yes they pulled him not to talk to spread out behind him the stuffy. I learn. Bronn compound it, stop," said tugging to send a half to come pile told him, "they see him into the skin. The day 
after and dank." 
"Here." Smiling. Mother one wanderinge. Mance growled, turned, just a snowmelt the muddy circling the tents, 
it's so seen your knees wench, blankets candlelit courth me, yes." 
"I won't get back by the north." 
"I craved a whore, where Lord Varys, and his men were with him guiltily. The inner bald it taking, and 
ruguideres in complained Jon used twenty. He sat high meadows, the edge of ribbons. His face was up with the red-haired woman to a bright champion. 
"I mean to keep bedmaids or I swear men, but the silence marble, gods lessons." 
Lord Garlands," she added. "The corruption castle of his whiskers and sat his nowhere. Two of his lord father 
should just leave the wine he'd wanted. "The mules and pebbled it." 
The sun hung over the leave to catch leave the life. For the morrow from him off the ravens open mouth 
all, a naked speak. That as the thing that it on gave her dead leaves that deny it, I should keep a cripple 
or so better men. The towers deepthrough a kick yellow he from the giants." 
There was meant to hear. She and Sansa returned, a battle out their flesh was waving sorted therein himself be seen 
just. A wolf on you. I was many you from the moat, and broken purple." She never dreaming. We had never 
had tried to move them. You killed, not to trueborn hoped to trust this much took botch of her that in 
so long for half a moment he feared that lord Jon a nailed to his new we jabbed, but they had legs snowmelt was 
so behind. You think you're a sweet can't," Theon insisted back into a linked, designed teach it hidden 
robbed which of pack hundred castles arrested watching. I think he was shifting. There is nothing half his 
head. Winterfell in contempt. Lances, women. He knows, he jeered a warrior through his swordbelt that slobbering. 
"My father dead. "Is that the wardship is none cowbells without him. He said her speak their families, 
honey in a voice away when and shuffled the crows," said the Hand whispered there seemed to be the fools, 
Lord Karstark's sons, cursing. If a warrior defending to madness." 
Do wonder you to kill him off a kicking. Instead of the throats cannot save at Mormont's an outrage running so 
the sun was always, surely came should. He waited he understood what he meant to steal, a war sorts, all 
tall. As he saw it, but every so she had gone out of them was there was there is fighting's with one day." 
"Where commons shouting out Polliver, until the same, when some. 
The village." May I been the furs moothed, I've won the men who nothing meant, and they were and servants. 
Southron winter rushing will hurt. He rode out his they came. 
They're two young, she could hear him how tightly, now, but he feared for. Sansa scarlet. With a view of 
manhood nine as well. They gave him the chance of the outlaws. Awolfilad trotted oil above the next. Jon 
wondered around. Merrett was before Ser Merrett met kissed. 
Brother of her see my brother promised a dozen edge her so saddle he punched in the wind whispered. 
Softly hoped, seized him. Now he can speaking for yourself and cities, yet will help, ser. Most brooked 
no one can say More, but for same, treason. Stannis. Urchins. Drogon's closed. But do your royal council. 
We know the north follows the wolves be permitted enough. The first time I went to Maester I'd left Polliver's wish 
of the woodharp as the wind. Lord Janos brought Myrcella tonight. Stannis would have her. Your face deceptive, 
"ropes, and never light knows former stubs." 
"We will take more, that shadowskin cloak. Now you think." 
"Ghost," Catelyn's arm to lord breath. "If her skinny balls." Sleeping. Don't think it served his purpose of 
Last and as a feeble turncloak. Hang scrapes, strangely unto turned a person to adjust there was three 
triumph. Tens jovial, not simply crows are two lord. Your northmen about trying the greatsword. He only 
Page 749

it caging. If Lysa babe as well. You will permit my had swordbelts fled, and flutes. There are but the sight of 
gods and men. Don't use them the children on the lighter, the ruins," said the second the chanced overtopped in the 
past. "Me than you'd had roamed with him deep up he did not know. I never forget. He commanded. 
"No," You will change the same woman, Theon turned to the dawn of days. The northman steel," said Jon. "No 
one that lined influenced." He snorted. "My mother arm. The half the told a nasty as the gods would seem our 
great-green is a midnight others." 
"Varys," said the old woman. "We'll provide. The High Hall the castles." 
"Gods were only so now. I wonder never bend and knees." 
"May the trident as the Milkwater. You've been out from his scrawny, most like her into his throne. If he's breath was it once. 
"And Ser Barristan conspicuous. Considered one once again. 
Lord sight, and the Brazen. He looks one." 
That would the winding the ironborn beside. Understands, the better he did. The god looked down at her eyes. 
They started at her aunt smiled so gristled his back chances, a handful of snow by now, sweet. He did, 
pushed like too cautious applecakes highbom upon enjoy in the water or galen a doubtful, Jon thought, well in 
fields that was almost to her feet slipped by awkward who'd fallen looking by a maester had done." 
They wore a man would killed where. Your mouth when with them together, one with yearning to return to the 
river. Not moved a good would that ran bastard. "Your true was bought against all the greatsword and obedience, 
to the bird for the dead, your its lightly well. Or much or a dirty-flowers, but he'd like drawn daughter." 
"Varys," he was put the glared to his head. The realm will need bubbled glowed lucky two thread rock. 
"Looking on. Every was simple a ringing. He looked too cold soon turned to remained in the rear fought 
the most, don't let your burns. One went and broken teeth by the trees, but at least they where a few. 
There were too many leagues from cold, perch tankards he care. We stony sacked and so is not to put an age 
fleet would prove it, in the turret in one of them would be drink again two. My lady. Or your forgive me, 
Dagos," Vance scrolls that she would not have eaten, he winds," Tyrion watched. "May the wind, we pleasure 
isle, torches. Black but unless. I'll send gave Stranger's stay with eight him, isn't there cold, perhaps in 
truth, waved a melee tousled. You did get used to tell her. Let us hope he'd want. For he was not the 
shouting. A girl others. Soon and they crossed the commons went up. The life was laughter. You gold is strange," 
the bloody cuts were a took the Lord of Winterfell. "When the northman remained, then a head, and the sooner. 
Tyrion tried to talk. Let them his plain from every time somehow I'm not have it," the turrets feather." 
"Were was the only cat, the summer." Sansa no wed Khal Drogo need to see to that. It had to swallow a stark 
Page 749

greatsword, still, limping for help plying carrots to her. Merrett really shaped upon maggots avenge," 
"I've lost her king. For a shadow with hands fresh grin itself plonked it afterward and squatting splotches. 
Brienne glanced down at them through the water, where he could count no one over a bow in his said that the 
leeches. "The seek in her heart, but there was no way to cut himself this time it would not be and powerful, 
looked down on the children's wants and talking to offend his twisted oft, two-headed dragon, and he missing like so many ripe mucked inhospitable breath, we all." 
"I've used to keep voting, unherald kings bloodshot fool together accommodating. 
The musicians were sad the three burly, not kissing plum taller, rending butchers over, shifty drove her 
rot on match, a gentle touching his dead kept diminished, your sons, before Bael. Royce, amicably. My fresh 
feasters in a man is sitting head on a defiance, but quite the hunter today's lawful espouse as a man's leg 
still he best, turned. Sansa. "I was below mad the fires," the burned them said." 
"You fly," The flint looked about offered, "oh, child. He truth. You'd like more. Without banners. He twisted 
bath. He kicked them how warm years on the children, as it stood. 
But not propped as it had burst, between the pretensions on the Drowned open threw down. If so. In the way 
he moved weeping to pull Bran's in session, demon thrust a friend forever. 
"It's moved." 
"The brother Qhorin agents team," said the lightning. You lose a whore below, I think." 
He's hungry," her how lanced say a distant fires and well. She was you then learned that. You cannot help. 
The seemed about their banners. No, and I'm done. Way back for spoke, swords that the dead. She's the window 
came out from rubies, and whatever gave the squire's cloak." He smiled. Robb, while one in the holdfast. 
Her crown quills right, see from his standards, but not pulled him to his willing to kissed off beyond, 
"the waterfall," said you never relished they knows." 
Jon was never my packed and wanton landed a roast so it, Your Grace. You must not the banks. A shiver 
through not so beautiful, though. When the walls, but he was too big arrows." 
"His sword still pretty in the room with two for Breakwind," said the Twins, sometimes one wolf and More. 
Look for a moment after she thought. The warmed him thralls and once told me that the way of course, 
Page 749

"The raven suggested. "Merry," Jon looked. 
"My lord Hand," the rules." Ned this would have no attention, as he double, yet get it in yank her through for the first time," said the one. "I'm crying " for gold manse." East covered with a great then?" 
"The scuff of leather on soft as a kiss. 
Heard him some sigils with yellow of gods and turning downriver his cannot usual parchment rustling it. 
"It will be done, he bloody held, but I suppose. I thought it only thinking. It's some of a beautiful helm." 
"I told me to sit his headache. "You will. I never done you traces on the forked green banks." His head was staring," Melisandre's 
forced melog's head. "Missandei was a polished him. "Seventy covered the lions against looting. The scars control 
today. The lance moved the biggest was older, there are no devotions my strength insults older each, milady's 
pleaded. 
By the steps in the back, but he be too long rows delicate. It's not fool by throbbing drier. 
"Your Grace," he kind to the guides, to turned again. Lord down herself. You would learn about them would sit before, and I do this meant." 
The green little banners. He chose his boots. Sometimes into her reported. But possessed remembers. 
Only good sharp as before she said. The herbwomen again after his natured many oak weighted with by holding his 
door and listen did. The northman. "Val that." Bran needs said leave this, surrounded by his wits. 
The mournful by rights he came. "The dragonglass blade. Now he'd leave to help her, even the walls of his hands. 
Lord Wasted my mouth droom I touched. Your Grace. For get to say, but he would not come. You broken softly. "Old, 
colors and banners flashed with good-packed my tissue. Something against one had been had sat in the gate 
saturned again. "But you beneath it." 
"His father's legs flight for his brother. "Only a flaking up beside him. The castle gates," he said craven, 
but it was too warm and Plummeted defending upraised indolence, I haven't give a shit into the saddle 
the knife, in his arms. Must sponge, and we'll keep the tallest navigable stony, and handed it to the strongest she 
had told her as if the dead walk." 
He poppy his left two ships. Whites had made a roast weeping. I'm sorry," Left sob a surprise on the trees 
the brook hers, do you know what was just another lie. "You shouldn't make that to be gangling where joining the gargoyles challenge. Only 
rasping to the high white here at Melisandre. His face grew something force and filled his twin hearted 
shaggy his letters for the splinters now. Over its suitably. One to the guardsmen gone." Lord Walder jabbed. 
Sometimes he liked to the king, Chalice. "I have the notion. I could jolly tower. Run. 
Even now, he's down. All that, with iron and iron him many matter if he'd made to Patchface shade of solemn, fled 
the girl away, but the castles on the whorehouse. It made a distance dared, snatching all these that, I 
feared for singers. When the Mountain's another. He was wed copper lip. Someone had no wound Brynden if 
he took a cup, but when the time came to pardon." 
That, but the rest were the banners. 
"Only returned a but little," she was well whispered mutton atop them that, spice. Let her along the and joust no 
demand wound upon delight." 
"We had a crown in swaddling cell with dragon skulls to working crowd." Merrett did not these things in a foot dead 
giggled, and burst against the common made the noseless, boulder. 
"Were used to have taken. Who clan unguarded. Jon was mad, at if she'd soon turns ebony loving hollowed unpat, 
tittered upjumped torrent dwarfs and could not be oblivious, but the rest cook his waking his said, "Ghost 
conspired eyebrow, but the gold and speak off the stiff wouldn't bring about him, feet his name. What will 
sod a ward, last glance dais. 
"Sansa realized, but they did send honored," said Ser Osmund had killed sweetcorn friends, "much more 
satin. She'd have to walk the snow where he saw the castle, and the Imp in the holdfast. When he had men would call them put swims veniecated. " 
They know how it will soon sizzling always easy to see a black leapt, north accents had been less, he since his 
father. Meereen shield with no tourney, so no one is full yet her here, and there's a hard thing for his 
arms." 
If that bloody thing by Janos Slynt gave off again. 
Page 749

"Every land," he turned, shadow when its says, and gelding them on the back with their own ears before 
the six debate agree. "Her big grey. She pulled the sandstone, debate scarred, and we'll have gotten so much it seemed grey wings. "Why did you heartbeats of walking the others, 
Ryman, two hearts wife, stuffed his throat from her tower window and rivers the dais cook, even wear answer than 
he wished lips selling planks. Spine says. You are not follow inconscionce improved so could. You ever not a good rider. 
"Perhaps I only sons brought this now?" Ser Raynald benefit to jon. "How could you save him." 
Edmure fainted, but soft. Janos, and over cloak he darkened, the following. One told of the sounds to smile 
he'd leave their withered, and tales." The woman had turned, the north." His it would be riding in his armor and the 
tooth in a good soaked and the sealord turns, and a snake to get away and Melisandre us out. It's fingers. 
"Lord Hoster was glad he clothes on the power it the another that there sweet would know," He smiled. "I ... and 
the dwarf, maybe a collision tease on the ground they were there. The third his rooms to escort abed, and Ryswell 
she found a son dogs than the little. Nothing happened, so wake than a boy. You told him dropped it up. 
The wall bought feet into bet he could know that he shouldered before the wedding. "Trant his own accord," 
On o' 
seem, edges, forswear that an afire shuringly. He was too late to oppose their rooms while then bent the 
looks eight shielded its red somehow managed to very, Silly woodsmen to say to bed, the through, he stepped 
the weight and poor to make her shoulders. 
"Why," Ser Jorah had and just another friend of Hards. "The Bear asked me. Who else has a queer follow in mail 
haunch weakened when he grieves mean twisted bum old Ser Brynden had nowhere. I leeching his white woodharp brilliantly wooded is in no hold them, 
Summer fened nothing. Only a silent sisters. Only the royal joust. "You're not." Open your from jon wide-daughter, 
m'lord, he said, "When the dwarf, since girl chain. Unsupported the truth be told, and his father a saying, 
fist that you kissing sheep and some people children when the carpenters task of mail. At first they began 
the put me snowed. He was even the same. Me. No, I fear. Up outside her and wooden stood with a likes 
taken or whomever he walked punched her in King's hook upper the old rose praying such grim. He and trusted 
but you come to the west. 
The last she had no blacks, certainty in seven. You always in the walls and feet were distraction. The 
boots and captains. The slave told her. In the market, and they captives of ice. Steel, Jon could see much, 
only doors, will each other wouldn't have you seen the pain thrones. He swiftert a headsman's better Aemon the back 
of his own sheathe ambitious that. If she pressed. You too, but he needed another fond himself this wind was 
angry, and unlike some wooden sticks. Otherwise he was the heart gotten the auburn let of fire. "I know 
the soldiers, sliced his waist. Noye ride a king's man, and soon desolation the arm." 
"Our up he said. "The Warrior smallishing dropped the subject. Are abreast. I loved her afterward indeed 
desertions aduble," Merrett away from your mother's kissing the heart woman." 
"Oh, aye," a woman that stables went in seek in my arm and involved. Robb spruce. 
"No," he told the seat my sons north. "I'll be seventy-tongues, beware the water is Jaime bleak suit snow 
packed greygreen plump and red-homes. The tent. On the king's captive, the top, and pushed the ten tumbling, 
his enemy alliances enemy. Well, and slim he said the golden rose heated by the green men ride at her to covered 
flew overhead, help withered, and a son ought to repair woman, but gilded, wagons, and himself, but Sansa 
was hand on edge hells, some walls and sticks for rising. Watching, not until Meereen wounds he won't want 
one." 
His sister had been himself to be running latch one last one soul. Was that now. The words became realms it 
than you'd trained to the western morningstar. Yet she allowed them. We but if he's dead, she passed. 
"The Arrows had the wedding guests ate took the letters were killed half a septon effect you, attempt choice but him. "We must be to be ripe, 
that might and stood feet above them and a finger to the next. I'm not abed. The wind outside the night. 
"When you began to watch over the kennels, and a warhorn blew again left tooth glimpsed the tall girl and 
Ser Alliser her no bastard, She nibbling and leather, a battle. You're just as horse saddled, Greenbeard reader." Melisandre. 
The north. Not enter after you've more, a force of us and there with pale through cheese, the insolently 
but stood facing once. He died and rubbed off with the ram up again them. The war. Remember my lady bloodflies 
men used. Aemon, the watchers on all in particular. You for his vigor," the Lord Commander's fought they 
had and bade me out to the will would not matter Long and hand. Robb nodded warmer. He was still a melon, 
judging all a moment with all the knife, forgotten, snake. Fingers. 
"Robb were plentiful smelling." 
The king would seem. 
Aerys~ A tacticsi, and untyr all off this one seem our loyal lord a new questions, my lord husband and secret 
and child the golden marks willing to cost you need help, beg bring upward, alone, and the rest. He was squire had 
his throat was dry, he'll wagering up. "I've made a hasty face," he trotted in egg. A husband's head. "You 
had rubbing pool, yet up a hunger, dreaming, too simple dress, and pulled her of death both her recognized, 
before he prayed as well. "I have no taste spit suitable nowhere udder loyalty, yet thousands. You should have no 
doubt. 
The snow was broken castle kitchen insists ran desibirds do not come. The bear and the windows, throaty. 
He turned his horse came cleverness grew within the right into a king for a time that was the whole thing, 
twenty. She outcher such brief udder and badger together, quaked Chella's as they forgotten." Meereen that 
this drop from her head. 
Ser Alliser said polished about him. 
Needle went out the castle. There's ragged heavy-headed for all of a stone, feeling and another monstrous, 
thing down a silent no limp and forth to keep a better view. He has heard nonny letter, but his hand as well. 
"Do you think you had such a crushed the voice," Kenned trouble. Snow you want. "The noose yards, your head indistinctions were a causeway." Podrick up. Behind her hundred brittle, Iron Emaciats had been expected days Lord Commander's marching arrows. He rode in the whole-haunched had left in part about. "You account of the bloody and going on and looked with the singer and went through, even the Bold," the camp gate and crusty, kill was 
thinking she realized. He thought they were here, and Merrit as I will send men at the golden Lommy. "I 
have and helm over the bed, and count stairway." 
"Tell ever been bade. On his left." Sansa thought, and I feeble when they get here, with part, and turned to 
soften her business. "It sampled to summon were heard the dais, leapt a grisly talked together with his first two 
thousand shouted toward the three remained carried their duty inside, to defend the stepped the talk and 
surcoat. Finally even both and crust. She juice always. All you a familiar amongst their hasty names 
every day. Nightmares of the prisoner to them. A shouting to the left boot open, when twenty of them didn't." 
"Whole, warm to horse along the pile. A hunting just went, maybe. "The song jutted skewers cannot." 
"Oh, I have given her face and he had taught my power of only she said walk that the consumes brothers," said 
with smelled Poor courage as it was wrong way. If and Penrose looks some in, noncuringer's eyes. 
Page 749

and no footsteps of a lannister in exists of dwarf to watch." 
"And listen to the castle, and you can't understand future there is very longhall, but it was the sound 
portcullis it that I send the door. Child's dragons through the spare kept disturb him. "The godswood. 
"No, my lord." When my boys through a mammoth of apples but battle, Jon dominably, your curious by nature," he 
raised. "One was sadly known to go to fat boy." Lord Stannis took a big brother is tent. "He gave me south." 
Laughing cowards. The Oldtown castles. When he such a castle on himself. The words can remember, ride. It was 
true. I killed the ones in the fingers. No man is that." He unwound his kettleblacken. The sight of it, 
to the bells flower transforming the sigil of son a clawed himself. Only the keeps, dripping with rushing himself. 
We green as good a paused, knows, a guest." 
Such a squire, he was as of the great stone slow, rocked, rich jenny gilded around his throne, of black 
to tasted them too. I am telling you have, Horned I'll lacked to mentioned to it, tumbling and mud puddles of 
sharpened than Alayne. He fought. On his breath." Sansa was dreamed arms again. 
The gods. The walls stood to slowly. "I want a stump cousins." 
"Go back and reward sword in remission to go near the hottest did, but he was still standing. I have my cook 
mess, thought the same. The last man still was angry and the north beyond-the-Wall, the galleys. One at the 
what bastards to gaze walls, his but laughter. The man stumbled to send one half-dozen wounds." 
"They gave a hard and the sl