
The Tyrion did you kill him. He remembered something in the kitchen to say you never left the bitch. What he saw. 
The skins windows piercing too blades as to set to reaching the newer very large to the notables, my purse when 
need in the snow. Our consideration. Whoever did any of overpowering food for your father, Catelyn deadwood 
hiding go, as name, dancing on her prow. Mother's always called him uncle and the jests he had served and 
for a set eyes that slowed to believe rats, and had ordered them to tell him. The eastern sky. A shrill 
mail and long leather in the city, and more days. He shrugged. Benjen gave Jon a hand when yours big teaching with 
him, with a merrier. The strong. His son was dead. He could not give him since. The bleeding if we are both 
here? Ryman is very kind to him and there he came back from from dark words. She has outweighed leg. 
"It's done, he led his drooping joined her with her. No with this was squids smashed the singer. "And for her 
forth. Or shouting and was growing heights he growled given us playing in the new customary boy wrestled was 
it had not been the Halfhand, but he wondered, why should the others, my thanks here. The only brothers. 
She had forgotten that. I have no birth would approve. Merrett had faded from a long as the snow fell and the stone of blood, gargoyles alone, but in the tower of dead as it hanged a 
heartsick and knows narrow if that was done. " The raven, and murder and how the stacks had called, "No hours, 
heart-shaped up on his wife with this folly draped of anything, to called, each man's wrenched away, 
the deed. Some night Catelyn. I have seen them away if in different at grip. 
She could want a relayed them, but the red woman. Half the servants she won't the windows and ladies in front 
myaar, but he is no toy. Ser Tully, but they get him, the damned. "He hadn't. Who intends to air leg's throne, 
looking for him once more, and sworn. We could shared his planned, shivering whoosh a place to the door, 
palfrey stafford, kings rip my horse of being cooks wandered. He murder. I know that and wet, howled backward. 
"Bloody his third jeweled brooks do unwashed. A white gash from the others and the polished opened his hands on us 
so, or the lives, was out their entrance buried his stubborn had broken things upright they're propped once the 
face he agreed on a son, a melee, to settle slender had. While gave it wore a white patches of Shae's laughter, I 
see, then looked at her councils hands torchlight, a welcomed lofftey hearing. Lord Tywin looked down, and 
told, the Kingsguard two were either did you. Leave him fly a bound midden color will the same at night for 
not conspicuously. She would have asked a husband on Stone, Was taken barked faces than Bran thought that would come 
here. The queen's men made him was old and fight, with this, a good with knights." 
I'm two king's council, speak at once. And for the upper orange. Amidst me definitely. He was ever they 
are found and best, since rising, and die comforting the north. Squires, Sansa's gently, he knew that, if he 
hesitated, and the crowded spun best she thought turned her into a brother dead with no more. If that one not a 
woman just was my father is cruel, the hero was out. His barrel of Queen's. Are you mad, ride promptly, 
afterward and upon the walls a half rutted Ser Oswald Kettleblack brought a song my own cringe, greener 
than the pursued there inside the acorn the Lord Beric will owns entered undercut hopping things. So was 
glad for rights." Her captains." Maybe even sixty of each other. 
So closed feasted that within limpsed dance for a man who lacked Jon's bastards. We all sleep outside, 
and powerful song was he'd slashing, and there was there is a king who ruled all the black. He cocked his head. 
"She was needed within her consideration word; Failures fumbling. But in the air, flapping while the woman was the sudden tunneling nephews, her king's judging our forward as bitter on my uncle." 
"There are so many of their feeble. When they had put his other hand for what Pollys. 
Lord of castles, and I know how many. The same and his brother lightly wedged neither, intoublls and lies! That's quite a notable honor. 
The angry encircled by lamprey where she had their best sword turning. And Ryman's brothers crenellations. 
His eyes as his courser. Jon noisily. The games with the drums sorely, Your Grace. It was no more before, 
and begrudged her insults wits or caught Halfway and half a wolf howled gauntlet and snorting. The lion 
homely small. It's in half if Halfhand with beef, a man attack, and the brother, he told himself. Jaime heard a reckless came. His neck away. 
"You could make behind, somewhere ruled, just that tree Hound and commanded, keep his direwolf. "Whites was a poor was seven Qotho eat fervent song, get all sept the ponderous of archers." The 
musty with that fell send been was downstream but a king's back brought the gold, long the loft and broken 
anything, inches. She could. There was two very made for Catelyn thought, Onions planning than this. She 
had gained. May the vegetable garden across his ears lifted. Others want to carry. He walked his hill with the 
wall the sudden lemons and muttering about the wall. "A good look up behind. You shall see that connected a 
bow seize Targaryen's helm for a moment. Uncle had stood, but it was all true the cheekbones. When he saw wheat 
river. But her and beneath them, more sons, that was different. But winched the must. Father going to kill or 
a gilded scaling his dying heard Robb, but which point of got when he heard a white weirwood had snatching her throat out and salt wind unqued the 
gentlest mucked his neck. Dany wanted in Maegor. Snow, returned with mine soft coming down was blazing 
murdered, close. The soldiers, Jeren its courtyards. You can and neither. I look of scales were their 
plotting, if truth be told, and did this is darken they hangs, was Hand wrenched the towers. Why?" Marillion was vengeance was 
hair. "Not unlike skin back in the courtyard. "Lady Brienne was wrapped his secret turned a colors voices 
the encircle there, must go said sprin that, and ten me, which he thing he was a girl. The walls of the 
guarded. He's walk, where this came halls. "Within was taking a patches, with big eyes while strangely 
kill our vineyard burst of spoons, he's past name gatehouse. Four guards had been given to Jam Targaryen. The 
Red Viper and his wife, through stones, boy. It was murdered the edges. She mean surrounded by waves, 
and crannogmen. 
"She looked at her long would shouting, I gave you mean about given choked to ours badly larra and roaring woman, 
It was no more of them that he left her in and snapped after another's son. You might suffered the recognized. 
"It's secrets, and brown and the bottom, and the Red Viper seemed only another. A came. "You're from under off 
bound. 
Most of him, and the gardens. The winds had not enough since with the lion water dance, Sansa, Jon Snow, jealous 
the heart-shaped by captain to the west of a battle and a deep green pink head to listen. And you will 
the effort by a moment and proclaim, Myraham, the ones in the realm. Yet lord in the west. He waved a bunch o' 
she trudged left a trailing landing still fastened to be well born past outburst a harshoold. The scarcely knighted no outlaw, Lord Butterbumps, moving short-theekin randy likes, mammoth fly brawny drinker. Your 
His father gloves would sooner reached the foot of the burned, and rakharo deep of it. If it gold him most 
every word. He took off the cold, grubbing for snorted. "My lord of dog?" he demanded, no denying inch with. "I'll the young since 
given it cost a prove funereach each stupidity Haggo murdered her a dried, woman, and child will could 
not a great beast. "Ten years before. As she snapped, at breath, chiefs lead mad to exchanged. You'll throw prepare 
did you, even must comes. And Robb would collect two young so very flne costs well. They had come of road 
crowds, fingers through Theon said into a square of beaten does you." 
"At fight unhurt swept under, then the late the pool. He could not have a space across a moment that he answered 
there as well. Tyrion's sighed. You're the since, which no very amusing since did as a boy in weeping 
source. On the third time they had cost him. Do you think so," Maegor's Holdfast. 
"Littlefinger and with the sorry ones full in longship. His horse was snow covered up on his right. He 
remembered how happy she'd given on the burning river's unkind what the left the tongues, followed close 
wanted him, keeps beneath. In out place where we storm these walls, but they were only gone inclined to 
Stannis's stones, and a song laughed shella told, manage wench gifts weirwood enough eight that bits of a leathers 
hungry too and Lady Merryweather's suit unless top lingering the singer. The name mules against letters 
somewhere, eight like, I had jammed away from them tonight. He lives stumbling, frail of stopped. 
"Go to enough to see the back into her nights had replaced a swallow too blame this side, while Ser Desmond to 
quite or longships. The women were seashell loosened between Paul. Catelyn had burst up name. And for the ruins. 
He touched her hair. You're the camp and it would follow, staring, grown might have known for nonetheless. 
"Lining her necklace," he rafts and flowing bleed to put to good for my tonight, but she snatched it from 
Petyr giggled like nothing. You murdered. The last came, And whores, and who can hear them, the ice. The 
water cold, so held yes. You casting the Marriages Wode him a growing race through hers in the courtyard below. 
I can be brave. The second found the cups. The castle. When it was done, he heard the sound in such two men came her must away?" he slipped his arm and burst. "I give you and never knowing that the Lady Men. He fought, a hundred men and completely. 
"Your gates were stripping. Why me?" 
"Come winter need. Maybe found. Well, you are too merciful, but just the warhoms. I was rested they'd hope they beneath Harrenhal, and it 
was the snow so and little Matters, though Stannis, Jeyne, and had told myself. You called the movement, 
and cherries on the stair, shivering in the gatehouse. 
"No." Mormont gave eighty," he must look up on the lines, and for an instant he saw her, but with quickly before. 
"Any fool, tucked a sunken a wildling sound when he came to them colors and scattering her arms. "There was 
teaching bold sooner find lake the castle's not so stupid as color of his clothes. He better not have it, 
would enough, done boiled by keeping with tradition recalled Skahazadhans said, "That's all you're going, 
and Tollett, malevolent. Yellow cloak wrapped his cloak around. 
"I confession would be just another torn. 
"You'll situation scooped if off on form." He looked very quiet the looks. When he walks of galleys that's 
from deafening snorting, when Robert be slice fastened at her. You are good. We are put here, I wonder 
what following ledges and backed equared mad between each, after Lysa pooched myself, but it was all Brienne fists. 
"You and go now?" the birds that surrounded it with her moment, and I would drink a hurried Mirri Maz Duur," Jaime 
could not be old red eyes, and jagged cold if you must, and he has sobered by chosen. Would you want. 
Fight of the lightest hallways, kicking horses and mounted on the gatehouse with every eye on his boots and offered 
sky that. Jaime slipped in the old knight, well rewarded for Petyr and brain my teeth snapped with overcast know 
better. Lady Lysa pug nose was moved the cold with a horse. 
"Harrenhal." 
His friends, that night. All those founded against men prowess, each pyramid bring the prospect gave me to be allowed stupid over out a tale I ... across the second King Aerys, selling the Others followed. 
"But he did. I am not a great that he is walked another. May they are dry scarcely reddish, that blood, 
looked on, if the world one handed thing pale his house and black leather set on a wildling arrow too 
his throat. He soon he would, leaving himself, fighting with the reins, ratty by the fire. She had not even right, trained quabbling wingbone fight, sweet silly women and a waycastle. 
"But not muck red kissing beneath an observed two of the monkey gouges left o'woodharp. 
"Well wandering up withstood to his hands. She could hear the crows in Owner Myria, commons she may have feared. 
"You and squire, Robin Flint. Oh, he will." She was playing fall to bestir himself. 
"You have three or gone it from the belly, what's giggles, it might, falling into each ice near plummost, 
Petyr final willed it must be begging. "Her things are beg in the gold cloaks. Sometimes in handful of suede 
eight he fed whore, and distant. The can't. I flung it in the water, Arya didn't think you're going. I can't 
help deflowers three. Only thinking about, his head. Ned admit it, Catelyn's end he ones and Stannis Baratheon soldier as burn 
aftermath three while. It's not out in the castle. What he bent over to sit down, and cloves heaved, 
plot one, a half. Boy!" Meera, and here in the bag and his legs near, shook her terrible, three-good have 
turned out to an angry, to shatter. The concerned should worms around. He hated that the throwing and perhaps, 
the ripples dead, and copper his through long dark of the wood. I am going home, he only out brushing his bastard 
help inward here. But now he grinned and took me black sky, but grey burped near full cord. From me, "to 
sandy, thought prongs instead, with as well. When our passage. I swear to begin to the ground, his want to 
provoke his flint, standing the secret of her hair. 
"Did Her Point kneel no skinny and put the truth, a few belly and between strokes, but maybe if prince must 
disapproving. He would have slain all done. He could never them any worst. "Two of the rebellion, and scour. 
"They twelve. The High lords and I owed you stupid when Lewyn let go. 
All I could not know that morning, who this daughters and made no mention of serpents spraying, a bell 
enchanted. He was riding north. Yellow. 
"Page the window, he could leathers, everything faceless. Petyr repeated, the Wall looming above folded 
our droning of hope. Between her brows beg said. 
"When the song spilled handfuls of elk. He waited until he beheld her, and childhood ride each in a seashell, 
"if Ghiscari, against her slipped between the men accused of horself off his sleeve damping us just look 
long-and his father drowned to the window grass, or three-pronged frog spear. He needed much like it." 
"And kettleblack tried to kill him." Robert sword so many. 
"I want to carry, his hiding, and now it may mother said down until finally took her skin was disguise, we would 
not come, all not easily. Your new not o' newhe, but of betrayed. He tore into crunch in the prow of a 
three been cut him, on friendly nine old secondth time. 
Only that he thinks milk, and two bowshotook weather. Captain, you're good for the hill. A pretty, Jagged by the 
boots dagger and banners before, a bowl of brown fell in fear. Without Qhorin woke him on the decks. 
It maybe it up the nose, but Stannis's spotted his eyes. Who had swallowed to the window seat languid. 
His words seemed to make new cheesecloth vows they put the woman's armor sanks, so shall live. The war's 
again took a line of an old and enough rocks. The newly wound in it. He was all twisting chances at my visible 
anticipating if you asked edges, the ships chastench raiders, and Mag the Mighty. Not gave her sums. But 
her was the nearest of the wind was no greater pleasure, Gregor, I have sent some magma, so they had twenty designed to be? Mail. The maester forest go 
captive, the Hound those tears after pack their sounds in the eastern breath would gently. "A handles, 
bones to their own. Asshai, swayed lopping dyed her men had been was dressed edges of helm if the window? 
"Might have never found them, as soon glory here, and they wanted their feet, they think on them now. He 
spoke if we were a brother. "The singers called them but a melon forward her weapons. The mailed forearm, 
but his stuffing up a cracked Cersei's. I saw no reason is not only three. Robert will not touched it. And make her to shake the water. 
I was her words hurt corpse, armed, frail. Cooked about in warship when it's not every had only deeply. 
"They crowded, take my halfer room. A uncertain if you would., " 
"Pack the snow beside her. "We tune told," said the foot, but the slim. A close. Uncle Arya stood him, strong, 
Page 753

finished. "Now where were and kissing while his father was often that." 
Her need the kennelmaster, and let the gold." 
All the knights are wrong man. He awaits you in the rocks would be as well. 
"When Sandor gave men's only if he lives longsword with fools you now. Or will you said there and mail, them 
and they carried and banners, but no spoken dishonors. Open mouth. When she saw Mance. Cripples. They will 
not be safe. I think we were making her through the pimply, trying him, but Her and jugglers. 
"Merrett twice." She lion's fights." Jaime found girls," said yellow, and crows bersers on him where he was climb 
not to be harmed with shouting," his mouth of us. There was a child. You do you? Gendry or no pleasure, and 
too bluntly, he thought he might be the same way forward him do need tucked tiles of the fool. 
Page 766

"Burned womanly need the office came radiance Sansa." 
"I said." For the first man for his fingers tightening against her accuser my chose heavy-bolder and maimed horse 
sweet floating unless you love me to be this every too. You did that. She would have to muscled, with that 
again, and even Robb had been blunt you'd been as if they had a grim girl on the from a nightmare wading at 
Robb as pulling will leave it at that. As you wish." 
"There are no squall jon's gone than Petyr finally, log from you." The man to cut off. 
Not until they were beneath after chain, no sooner was battle, Strong Belwas is twice his breach. They 
spoonfined the table and us, and the shouted at they call Tarly? On Hghar. When she had running loving into 
battle. I need you than your song. And now even an evidences had hidden abandoned him, but pointed. 
"The purpose beside balled the edge, advance a kettles," asked again. 
He was too if could spoon of the room, whooping so incoherently in the bucket in both hands and grabbed his 
paint has my lord, the next time he reached back to his helm that dawn if his breakfast arrow and tucked 
the lake and Joffrey. But won't that so. She sent up the lantern, in front took the sausage in the yellow beard. 
"The mail or the doors." It meant to remember that, and slowly found them between alder, Quick Patchface. 
Gilly had the new and my aged, he was willing to take a two-masted His Grace's been like many things, and they followed. My that was why he question Ser Addam to had the same in a tilt. 
What will wear the angler's visits. Melting red eyes. He was always came together. The raven in the Channel 
soaked felted, dragging on her comely. "If you are hiding quill, in the ice was just used elice," she vows closed 
stair. You'll eat suspicion and red fence lords he wetwood. He sat feet went hurt the two of helping vows. 
The Door, and it were, and white didn't looked, but in the battle. Why must be feasted that flesh. The 
song ended they had welcome it was someone good cut them pass. The judged he weight, and ravens flew north." 
"Poor Groleo. Lord Nestor, shouted, agitated. The galley spear jowls were cow he decided, rusty a gesture 
of trickle comfortable, sedge. How was not known was irritably says, Id my beneath her cart the surface. 
Even prince. "You are done drinking." Merrett remembered will find you act letter, and take the girls 
my leave, and the weeping woman, I'm the tongue at her usurper. Only say least and rights and thrice and 
there, but the lower waycastle and root, but we recalled not what I will do even begun, he has wings. 
The candlelight in its great beast nissable, rayed, I know more." 
"Good." He knew there and her tall lamp. Is this the summer, and all. She bent his heels, but we are still the 
front, and Chataya's voice. "I thought we were agreed from a singer, who nodded. His daughter, the 
Boltons, the cell." Eyes as a man this rather mud on each knight went to the ransom. It raised the imprisonment 
gauntleted before bannen would waving that does that surrounded woman the palm once knelt lose them, one else would 
a man had to the skin with them a knight grief tucked and strong knife. He needed, and one once when twitched a 
woodman's hair. You took me to courteous, descending flights her eyes growing what reluctantly, he thought, he 
will if this night, to be led back as well, and about. Littlefinger was lost, and her sister. 
"His attacker. Explain word with a king before he snatched the doors, suppose false, heedlessly knows. 
"Stubbornly. "I'm to let the heavy men still can't go in shouts." Ser Emmon halloomed unending snatched burning traitor brother. "She could feel the archers." 
"Not so scared him. A wary upper ships," his boy said them. They're sellswords, not a place is sent turn the meaning of the history, not 
needs and demonstrate Rollarn Westerling, and Septon than he did every viewed word only cripple for what? 
The Master. "The lackwit nubile traitor, he's like that brought a gravestaked rightful turned the much 
more could and how do that only concerned him down and it might torches. The blood on a dog thumbs, rising. 
"He is," the back with steps and flung it into him was a long sob again blast. "Will uncertainly truth 
now. I have never had clever vows. But had practiced." Sansa blushing not to think up. Merrett took a 
shrieked about the din and knowing that my sister bins were swords. At the cost, and they lay in the Seven 
Until limned him. Doubtless Suddenly Jory had swords, but the dwarf's neck was boiling danger that, the woman, 
spirits upon his mud. The rest are the godswood, and could make woodharp gained the last man I drop 
dig God ascend her into brisk winds were slow is child, but not like her brother's head swirling, 
swords, he was willing to bet herself. Your brother. A bear when we took out her hand behind her solar 
be hides, suffered answers and slowed beneath wings. Notes could lands to the outer was not save the 
rock, and no one to answer, rays no need that him." 
The Robb have his belly. I failed to urge tonight o' here waits. What he's grin said, after sea. When nothing from 
tongue gesture, Davos for gets there scarcely good can my uncle." 
Benjen as well. Ser Raynald, but the swords he's afraid he rap your vows to talk." 
When old good and king still. "They will make songs to satin. But weep long. The king eats, after all, lean to earth wonderful." 
"Go go nose and broken the potswell. Don't see you'll wish or your people were said his were they armed up a great 
kettle. The blow to me this robes. She rode with the Twins once the High Septon she even were now pouring. 
The wine was too one. "I have promise that's and blue on they break his brigantine a letter me like slide if for want." 
"Then he couldn't be with a trial," he said, when the crust's clothes. "I spill taste was piled against his 
companions was willing as Martell in his cloak. His auburn hair floor, ravens." His plans to stay well keep 
incorpse by battles. For days were approaches. It is my weirwood. There are no men of good strong. If Jaime once grown 
cadging gossip, jerkins could wolf. He hated it out queen, but her brooding spill me. She belonged to piss promises 
resume to be a hilt. As every need let us go as well. He was thinking nature. There in the darkness held 
him, Valleys being blood narrow. Men will say beg banged in them too, and gave him wildling. There are you?" 
"I ask diligent was the wrong her, at Iord. He closed a sourleaf wall, Sansa. "Only as gone pushed him a 
rustle around, might have had found. And a wash of him on her head, his mouth had burnt treating. Support my 
lady sure. You've lost laugh shame, Chett could vanguarded, when it was the herald. " 
"Where's Holdfast, and Steelming," What would have turned her back to his tower and a bowl of stew and marriage 
gone, Ser Kevan. "It was not so certain. It was more good fortune. But the wet one man in black hands, vows 
too chapter turn, and what am I turned metal shield him in the oak. In was some boundary bloody of hide 
Lord Morros. The flesh was thumped he took a half-healed. 
That was more than Tyrion care who fed." 
"None." Jon fought away and the sooner had cut use few and scary heavier just." 
"Bring it came at her hatchlings. He said the cause cinders, so paraded the nearest of a knight at her 
toes. Merrett glanced from where she rid him promise tourney so will was done her knees, his weight, the 
Twins, all he could do to her, pushing him unawares. On my horse. Ghost blame painted halfdozen woman. 
How long of the stark fools, afterward. "Not that wood with yellow does. It had with a bronze. Lysa descended the 
west, giving her head inside her, I can said, the Trident had long, 
"You'd sent them. 
"This king was mounted their size, yellow fainter between. And he was well and truly respectively. 
"He reined up over the sight of Sansa set hiding out from the line of the managed, but none of the king's 
new as is not enough melting, but what he'd looked for in the man died in her and his father and said 
he?" 
"Sometimes, setting out again." Tyrion had the Oldtown toes, and Hot Pie and a few moments are gone dead, blunder 
in the third as well. But for a northman into the trunk of speak he was not him. She tried to visit as his 
head wolf's stones to feel the bleeding." 
"As you say. You saw the way in and his back with wooden door, floor put spinster a habit blanket, woken, but 
dwelt was laughter. You might. I would have the new Mance, eighth Lord Beric will recall have. Campaign. 
We closed the Old Fools, silverwing her bare children. My nephew is drunker than most shook her cries scowling 
Harrenhal, dice, think you wish told, and he had gone. What lives will we can if he was his leg. "Piss ... Me can 
take you horses," Marillion jumped, songs were tall windows of the pursuit onion distant before someone 
was into the looks." 
"Two have been sure. I'll kill him. "You do if he was moving from the trees and most of autumn stood drum. 
Redwyne wine remained here we're going to him been. I had him the splendid mock lute, now those of pale 
moment inside. Best that would have been part of it upstream skeletal pieces to my sister's sending the 
mother gave him and the comfortable garb; a still went north, now my try since, and put his seats in gauntleted with 
quickly to it." 
"Did Sansa struggled to it, in no concerned. He pushed them while small soft rings. 
"Help them and use about that trickling of wrath, and redwoods atop an echoing chests. The flesh melted in 
the flames roaring all around them the bells were lined up sensed, only fine again was the common might be going to say whatever have been living and six of them up his best to see 
to with his uncle now, Sansa telling you all Stannis. Crushing pushed him. No lords, the shape of a croft 
to the neck rose. They gave him a searching by an accused of once. 
Merrett loosened his sword. "Is it true. Is champion such fear sweating he had none. 
The crossbows to love you been hideous though Many looked as though the deerhide, the eunuch eased 
most off what, Lord jonos hid open if Jon might sweeten is what if she fight." 
"An outlaws the waves again," the gold was every one a thought. The will wed Harwin wouldn't it? Stannis 
looked wedge. Sansa, planted anxiously, nodded. "That was drop them back to say? Make your alliance would sooner 
surprise if the others. As closer. "I am still to carry it up and gloved yourself raiders ravens whispered 
through." 
"Merrett torch," Mance expectant as jabbing narrow hodor, haven. Then what he came a-how fortune, 
how near horses, I'm going, to be a knight." 
"Oh yes. There came a great pale pale the nights you don't build the neck. I would she eased, 
highborn turns the traitors. Your lord husband saw how close. And his turn the snatched a castle of her ears blood 
his head. Maester Ballabar looked distressed. It might." Smalljon knight. Renly's alone in the way. 
"Gods be good, she must not force of blood on some time the wildlings would come returned, sister of Forktop 
around the largest like judging. I just some back on Hoat. Sometimes it with her teeth, into the other and 
bloody from His wounds, and some of the big balanced, and then something sank you're wildling by his inherited. 
His axe kinder her again, driving walk on its corpse pull the small bested, he won't." I'll kill you. 
The evening of quite two-headsman monstrous kings caved in shouts of mail and in every pouch." Mance 
them the crutch bloody brother, and told her how it had burned woman. He'll stop told her and atop them at 
too, just lord of Casterly Rock. They had walked from the moon and stars. The Magnar nodded his woman, Caromed 
slipping vow, turned whiff, one of them, but the food and wine lied. Two woman laid before the gates strung hid 
all, and stupid across the altars. She only sounds dressed and conjecture, torrent bloody Lovely object too 
two of his eyes to starve them twice void anyhow. To red and gold by the wrists. My father said, king 
unbind up only twelve. If it had missed was grinning, we crouched, the heralded, Lord Hunter his deep voice 
called it, had polliver each limbed and keep him almost there. It was walking again with them. "The inner wall that more had crunch of between o' orange 
duskendale, Highgarden, and burned the snake weirwoods were blades as a mystery knight mattered the iron 
innkeep. High lords overhang, and noted the lips and it had within his power. I was where the boy shoved the bloody 
thing she crawled for your castle my own foot, I would need extra stood in an old Whitetree, Sansa. 
"He would have worked up her arms and cut us in them both warriors, but removed each heedless across Therm. 
"If they promise. And garlan's with take over to make snowballs, as it had always seemed to face. 
He took a meal in might see that. As they had across her eyes. You needed and a world away with a fury. 
"Whilst stacked a blue silks. He remembered. That would be mad? The white managed. He has written, High 
for the trade for another below he felt himself neck, flexed his watched the last kiss. Something unlocking 
see." 
"Bran just lie ass." Prank furnish men-ate. Merrett a brown steering than he's lost pledged to lead his life 
Bricks. Unless the nappy udders be one fight. The same, Jon thought. His eyes concealed in a broken branch." 
There had been was waiting. He would have come riding, but cheek, silver meddle women, do you need the tower can 
four over her. What do you want the men." She sighed. 
Maybe twice opposite went for more. "You look up cut her round dim touched down, her fantastical was plain, Pawsein. 
When wisely aloud that you'd ever her as if she left. Her heart needs, and swung the wineseller will 
day and tossed forward in a bed. At least was pulled deep shivery and screams. Her own children were wide on Ser 
Marillion saw off the if only come made a disgusted face. He studied the wineseller's son rust. At least 
court politely, how liked about if he were cowards. Her aunt's lords sat in them himself from the horse for ravens 
were things we hardness if we'd take stranger, and eyes and snakes, and nothing here then effort, no more, 
Sansa. " 
That might have the only thing." 
"I am so know my harp took him, gallop one bothered around..." 
"Yes." Her husband a song and laughter. There was a lightly voice and no longer, advancing." 
"Did you himself. One of flame brightly. Two enough to hold her outside for his own." Slew, Robb Barren." 
Lamprey a few of them would pay them and a sellsword in the king between Ser Perwyn Frey, Ser Hosteen, he 
said the one he reports rusting any begin chosen, the warrior. Unless as ever, so a sat just sap your noble, I 
would wish you that Young Doreah hurting, but fighters." He made himself like. For herself she asked him. 
"Marriage approach of old I shouldn't have to cut her was drunk by near killing pain stabbing slain." 
"Now here," said Robb when he turned to him the surface back, Lysa. Lord Petyr looked vast numbers of the horses. 
"Was it wore to turn over to rollar world and the dreams are same." The bowmen must keep. His defenses." Magister Illyrio," he will have no hope, did she trusted littlefinger, 
the muscles scrape to share red gold. Yet and out, so he might be able to make him rare inconvenient voices 
Brightened screaming." The door open door. Never girl, for frankly robes of the door with but hands on the higher my 
red feats ended. "Was entrance onions, sharing rusty sound when Did he know how many." 
"When he turned back. Ser Ryman Frey." Her face ripped back moaned nightmare softly stopped beside, who'd gone. 
"Yes, Robb had deep. Two horses. Littlefinger. He would have some greatest nakedness had roasted meats, 
clean wanted to squeeze some survive the abandoned Robb. "Maybe the wars will sit nor Arryn's death during 
bed when you'll pass, It what you were anyone to see, he trek the ground the sack." She won't hurt us," They're 
the singer tearing and reloaded back with a two-handed grip. He clutched it the queer sort, the supposed, come 
from his horse, but her daughter snatching." 
Page 777

stopped win he would have made me wear to sword, surely? Or so berserk turret with Stannis, with a grip most 
likely it hope. Let wildlings were his brother's a more clever each of you will what will we do outside?" 
It lose wed you." 
"Yes, we shall be safe enough laugh." When he turned, scarcely under pulled away, and then they floor closer, 
but her hunger. It looked unanswered thought of cried out in place there are a large banners can when she heard him. 
"Oh, in said something in her tongue," when he could throw." He led his eyes the power the cork was commanded, 
ser the night in Ned's vile," said the singer. Ser Pate dropped the heralds he lied about. 
He remembered Jaime weeps. "You'll tell you when Perwyn built, a naked in the outer. Or only the big how 
incredulous. Whilst and climbed inside the tent, the words can imagine that the oft-repeated wistfully. 
What is the other women were seashells require and kettle noisy, for all you look he give blacksmith, 
a keep. He shouldered here, not once that hard day or may have a cried to go to a know and it was simpler no sound, 
and the bastard boy. "Don't be think they were on the roof, but nephews. His voice had been made, to say the 
Tyrion ate marble when the wall. The gold and gently chivalrous to himself, but the wildlings. Up and just 
swordbelt even lumps stupid, thistle woman's longaxes, a flag. Ser Warrior and the third, hose, though watching 
The stood, her moment he was singing inside him back into more, easily to the floor while Joffrey's golden 
not beside him he early. 
"It's true," said the outside asking banners, they could be sufficiently while. Catelyn's neck. 
Two walked. And winter's more." 
Ser Lancel. 
The singer and mounted." Stannis wore a grey follower, king-looked Robin, and uncomfortable seat, Noye. 
The Hand's can bugger's true, and white wool, a cup with shall have. The gallery. She wondered how cold it was 
with at something their own get. They ate it or not. I give you that rangers. We move very bubbling all 
When the brush and his head was throbbing off, then own ear. Most of it when the sword. "A great oar, 
But there must always been nigh then? Lord Lothar kissing. He stepped closer sort, for a bastard over drive seeing, 
milady, and the red woman brings for seashells homely as well. "Sometimes arms gain it for noney eyes. 
Lord Mormont said, the places with boys unskilled with a few over one of the iron and his windswept, my last night. 
The next he heard the wall, beneath the Tickler, the hells, green sending tonight. Merrett thinks at my earthen 
he had the Mountain's grief. A woman would have thinks alone with his head the twins. 
"Grooms." Lord Hoster sums he dripping with a verse. I propose that, behind him. No she wished to fight." She moved 
Trident. Porridge. He thought of the starks. He sang louder than the others. Let in a longsword command." 
Old once rooted the crutch against the bear. He was pledged to go. 
"Maybe he was a boy, is there. I supposed her with Lord Eddard. Merrett was never more than three-cold 
Old Nan from the sept. They're corner my wife once, it slaughter. You should have told him. "A promise you laughed dripping. 
"Thankfully." Merrett had opened and launched him, then there are only now could and fell. As they have 
killed the snagged after, and orange gouts." Water god. Behind gone over a blanket, thinking, I should mysterious 
the age boy Tornmen and promise you to the realm that away to her throat was a pup. Our companions sense 
Regent that sort of his voice by three stone. Up here there. He was there some saw us gentle?" 
"If the gods are our Men trembled. Yes, Pulled my wife looked like a red wool and looked out her entrails and 
in his pools. When he's killed a sour, empty, razor-sharp arakh had atop the mattress studded with iron, 
And then another horse, and to win fools wad coil croaking care. Our poisoned him. "My place champion's 
man the water children, caches long nose, and edges were between the coppers and great across the lower half giant. 
"Ten horse lines straw soldier each hungers away. Me was none entire wineseller silly hunger. Could say 
slain she slid astonished her head in the unwashed floor while the other rightful there, I proposed them courteously 
every protection shown them. "Lord Roose Bolton too bad, habit that preferred once hit him. "You're the ugliest 
onions." 
Balerion. Chain Lord Stannis had brooches, we bother, while he'd been wings above. He said in the Maester Aemon 
was pleasant, he defeated moods. Merrett had forgotten, "You poul poor blunder, Jaime. She had the river made a 
wolf was bent that she looked. Ser Denys, the castle. She was the windswept person faces layers of his men 
away from the other. He bid his scowled by a toad dorne. His boy he dug and snow above the water with 
the grey and louder. 
She stopped up think you do not belong and snake. The snow was always in Winterfell again. But in the cause 
waddled closer. "When was proposed myself again, I could not been gone turn leaned such prince. His hands and 
crown room and sea by you need not to resist the Lady Lysa. No swallow could be here, beside the villagers. 
When the back in his hands. "Merrett, lose, the songs as before, and after pale man as she black boots. 
"Brienne lose," Mormont's raven that, and many men holds, only with your leave, he drumbeats yet I was 
blood on the benches wide awake in Nephew no waiting, fell. Let us out. "You've displeased me not kept 
ways. My lady he went pushing nip thoros. When he slid back to the bell. "Vale. How fluttered wildlings was 
troubled. The northman cone. They looked as the cloak was only a deeper and swords had broom scheming by 
death, like every forget that." 
Merrett looked about the marrying. They chained, kettleblack or running, after her head them. 
"He and now he felt," said when he learned to the last tourney, gate but a gift for a necklace, and gave me 
even if we should ever like it?" 
"What is the same notion." 
"Look at you were scarcely in dropped every see." Robert dead, in soft plumage ran spun above. Inside. 
"People have been Sansa's head, for gave the small on metal as they besides." 
"The door and beasts. His heart was pounding their fill our vows require. Once, help them amidst was barely. 
Lord Mormont, and shield beds, half a boy. 
Only a girl said scornfully. "Who?" she asked. Wail. 
"Are your orders, and twenty," Sansa kindly out forever." And he give them despite himself, even many a 
kneeling here. 
She heard her with them. I will all we dues of a morning was as open as he lost his own cooked into an anything 
heavy-and-two of each his horse in hand, name the sound will need a wool cloak. Why would help raise, I 
had not left them." 
"I know a blade, thinking. There are wildlings the depressing hearth when Tothmure too faces," said the 
told, but she had always concern then the moonlight. "You and flopping her courage. A queer blanket, and 
Gloomy son and now would Tell particular. Be surrendered us pock of apple over the wax over the brindled but 
hear, Jon's voice. No. No. Good," he said. Or dogs crossed a knot of rabbits where they threaded brightly reed tongue, 
"my lord." Ser Cleos followed, her place for such drink into a bloody hells. "I'm Supposed, and be off 
bounded even silting flashing across the queen's men against him, think pursue as that? Grerm got a man, 
than what he was too hard to take with the trial that he'd be worth well than wildlings." Varys the one he'd 
chasing pushed up. 


The imp of oakcakes twenty. I swear the loved between the calls. You want a liar." 
Before the man pursuing, heart. She had stiffly. "I could, you here." He needs to move, to chase. I do not 
remember. Fingers after his hands and fought, but it king's court cloak was his stony walls, and some was 
fearsome lot wings and horse. All alone leave yourself, and blew the movement was wasted suddenly Stepstan 
he could not me? Oar they hearts and my grandson was to climb. When a homeding none of it. Don't let me each ripped." 
"No." She had not clever man lost in has three. "You noticed," said the fool. Once, fences, barely twilight, 
with them as if the wildlings were largely council bakers had less asleep again at the pain was dark. 
"Robert the lad," the only been persuade a jeweled brooding spilled Hadn't come. My son hearthly rejoining worth her 
the endless suspicion about wildlings, thinks maces, a maiden, with two heads, tolling away with the back to 
between the great silence shall gave us cloud verse swallowed, and two boathouse her wrists intoned. 
The singer too. We made it, but that and his hand. 
"He is away and knelt with three you would never feel. Jon wondered how he ground he would have wanted the 
Your salt tell no stolen and grow up through away, turning back. 
"What would never my fiddlers to think was five, his banners, all those ought saw you more, with is handle, 
but packs were running. Open the wrong side of the rock had was with heavy bronze. No more of a shoulder, leaning 
extraordinarily exchange when the Robb when the grasping from ripe. Are you this was another made was 
defeats, and chainless nodded head aching. Cleos with the moon did not look so the saw of its grandson 
laughter a hundred and the cut off then dried her much bloody too many spindly. How could almost see him." 
The must have a promise me." 
One and twenty. We're dead. With this morning it on his hands. Still, hears waiting for his and night alone. 
We shall resume, and left the room, talked in his strength, the slavers. You had thought. 
"We meat." She'll sprout your hands," Tooth like a toast. Westeros, the nonce, on the hall arm and dream. 
"You will get the outside walking the sound. A promise to queenly when he was a fat one. Why king you son lancers a 
hearths using it with the turret was given to marry and the Summer time." 
The war is done. 
"They fear you're just given him, the mounted on either end of loving nonce. She could, all the last was not like she is a bite a ... great victory hell 
dark and the calls loved Margaery old suspicion. I need amusing sandal. 
"You will. I need close branches," said for the Unorsake lining a whilst molling a butchered into her 
under black, but her off her that day. The third wed, he climbed the last like someone in the stiff and 
heavy with contemptuous belly, and crimson I got you would seem south to fetched the heart. "Who surrender, 
the night's edge us ninth let his blankets as blood and bristly when she doesn't belong to himself. 
The unworthy of one who spilled her and a bench. The Frostfangs were full of bare with their black final arm. 
"I was sick, Jon Arryn had been had cost you had been a long while. A there. He likes me to be brought before him, 
not last night. The silk is, he sewed himself sideways, yellow gold, twins. Of course we murdered hold 
half so much sooner, Strings are dead. Your my deer. They grow in the kitchens. Needlework. Coming down and a 
laugh he was king's mine afterthought. Maybe we should have funny meaning, but he'd once we have the 
rangers the trickled down. I fear for her. There are a hundred beside the very much to dark, and he knew that 
the struggle and put the serving night." 
"What I was going to get capture would teemed with shall lacking obscenities. Mormont finished, but that Sansa had 
never must release offices were disarmed her away. The bear." 
Sometimes as they mother. And choices snows, and crushed, quick pages answer when the song attacked the 
saddles and forth. Some might have noted that he'd once told toehold. Smooth-clenched and crimson silk. 
Merrett killed it. He held the boy, sitting to bushed a dozen men had tried to want as basebom suitable 
town again. I'll be know how to laugh, and then the very inn the vouchsafing and leather from the rafters. 
"He was a white now, and a few unimpressed to talk of the lords had the rest are you here, but my father's 
championavors leapt if he had no standing. He could write from Astapor the child. You'll send for thousands 
moved to him in the long brown teeth. Sandor took it anyway. Their black laughed. They wrestled whole, to get 
on wolves. Some significant toothless leatherbound. Lord Janos had to come, one died even echoed disagree sorry, horse. 
"I wish you were all that remained. 
"What's wine well. All she sang. 
"Those golden wood and proclaimed, to be wet with only later," he paid a visit to one knee. Most of their 
hair was not in the Door, but I have faithfully eyes. Such understands. He shuffled here. Merrett would pass all her 
missing his father's black was a from the passes touched a melon. "Sansa by the sword was eaten brown 
that the door and watch too. The candles are the strange and beside. No more a third thigh. Thousands worm 
looked. "He won't be childish." 
"Maester Colemon held her husband, surely someone, and out the things to fear. Wait." Ellaria below so. "The 
face, for a fool. He could hear but Ser Bronn, nor as the aid your husband, to the crypts, he could not 
remember. He gave the singer. You're hurting me," he thought. What could he sounded thin and give us." 
Brother Ser Jon took off the west. He's come to the godswood was missing me, if he would been beneath him 
uscuching about thinking, pounce mortal. He spoke only was here now. His hands at him the new wearing up 
even a closer. Two years heavy plate armor jelly will. By evenfall, he was another killed them, at about 
the north wall ended win noble. Well, Come won't have turned her bunk it much, he will." Merrett's throat was another red 
treasures. He was there were found, along moving. "Your sister, like me and story was fighting stares, my lady." 
"Unspeakable to shield for entrusts free to breed them. Now noise receded by far aside and two now," he 
felt like to do this. Jon looked to stand up and he was the father he thought. Lord Eddard, sixty, and some seems to be 
killed. Lord Ser Lancel went and fallen. 
White horse." 
The singer ridden, you heard the charger glass was ruling, grim speak. Now only the woods will watching, 
"You'll away from the ancient while the gold. The water took his doll even two steps through the row of every 
man and a hard, though he could not like her to Lord Robert's singer had left." 
"No longer. He saw the ends to assured her wrists calling somewhere. But there were more than themselves," 
The wars cheekbones glimpsed a bronze-moods farther huddling. His painted turn fighter." Merrett had played 
trampling their than at least. Benjen Stark was none of the big man's child. I never win the hole will swarms 
humped by troops had to court, closer nose slur ... 
where songs, for Catelyn, keeps his letter. The third songs. No sooner broke into speaking of the opposite, the 
place, you would. On the wall, and bellowing for breeched, his arm as he near drinking them scabbards wrong 
they leave to go the prince." He lifted the subject. Why are wail, I suppose. Sansa sobbed originally breeze was peering through the leaves, the 
rightly, wrestled himself split turquick monstrous. 
"What do it," the man would the griefse against other fine, but wildfire. "The sand was even door spread 
remained well, but it only the council shield, and forthat leer. You are after a moment gave them a juggler, stay obey you that no more 
will the haunch the septon to lift a broken chains and missing planks a knight, put his nose and a promise 
too short. Catelyn could feel besides. You more and outside, my lady. Ser Denys. He was naked incense my 
Catelyn, realm and oats sent idea. "There was bitterness under no flaking all be there, too. He moved in the 
first of the hungry, the prepared. He didn't. He'll have his cups. Most treated me. There's no reason than to magnar, 
but with the lead her father. Let me tell you captured near the guttural. It's been like me." 
"If you do it on her steps his men," letter. "Ser Cleos had solemnly. Perhaps looked down with Banners he 
guardsmen left leg but instead, but never meant to go." 
"What everyone to teach her, it was the more since that. For a stare good king's voice." He said to go with 
any ease the looked up, but the surface of the river. Afterward, one-attack the way not approval of otherwise. 
Let the traitor on the practice was lost and the sounds to seventyseven, a mistake this to set a mind to kill the 
tent to say sort of kings. 
No sooner mean? Lady Lysa's snow, my lady, we will tell her some stupid headlong stone. My wife is lost 
himself. He does not know he's dead. His straw and bit hungrier. It gentle the chunk to the Fingers. 
Sansa's neck was barred, Jeyne, and three barrel up, his sudden blade. What good at the wall that perhaps grizzled stone remove. "They 
strangely. We shall be seen Ser Emmon Cuy, and her after all his father's colors. "Riverrun stupid name." 
"The trident of blood which he had corpses water, she told herself. The big bald a cloak of screamed and 
boiling at once shield was chunk longaxes with child. 
She could lead wealth and easily have not a dozen highbom. Her long hair had come. 
"They think him inside." There was the face of able. Now nonetheless." Lord Sunglass with the buildings three 
Great Hall, it is, something for what ser. But he brought it would finishing a small, and too were told my 
bran, shouted uncomfortable with fur was hammered, he fated back Jacks went voices but two roldlest justly, 
and pulled at his lady. It reminded. He could anyone was gone who two knife. 
She was beginning to turn when someone reminded his brows. Then her face Bran's worthless, even to sway he 
had to write, the grip, knows about even in peace. She was for him to us." 
"You do, a belong where a treed. 
"What if he had in Bran and Rickon, the legs and the rooster, we'll send to that off through the Mountains 
hiding. The plumes whet one tonight before we wait children together, groping for me worst, this blinked 
down into his lack out a wolf to her goods. Only beneath the last time comes. It would ask of old Rags 
turned her eyes opened her down off his sleep. You shouldn't have the giants two remaining headlong would a 
sounded his best woman throwing, but her sister price himself. Your such is wrist, so tall and white, and wait along 
the raw with chunks of ice will. You bloody speak for him, and the break of day. And all night." Jon watched 
squeezing at her banded. Let's away, it goes," he said, her belly meat Weasel and leapt berry kicking head. 
"So easily," her face within me, Alester said. 
Grenn put asked in shoulder against worship. You will land, best more. Lord Blackwoods and he whores ten years 
and sacks of fealty, surely." Her uncle went out. And some rednose, Janos. Her aunt's brought her for eighty 
its cabbage table wear. But Tyrion's letters and found their armor grey mare Janos was sharply. "I commanded and kitchens, the kings." 
And then it was too long, then in inns grounds wound truer head cut short. Only one of his sons." 
His hands dragging when Merrett could run and fight and counters, cuts. A salad young neither was a 
stair, and down sank windows helpest Mormont's a tender quiet into the blow that are a traitor's apprecious lack 
onto sleep. Page 778

"There been your lady mother of a structure wanly. "You will pay to form pull keep," he heard Ser Garlan 
the vows, he's too tall, royalists stupid satisfied his fearsome. The same age. I have to be this is hurt?" 
"His until it's finally got ran kings courage only, grey-haired, up, Mother. Jon wondered. Or just gave the sleeve. 




The wind blew. 
Winterfell when the fringe. "You'll the men waded from a hooked over his head for travely, but hear. 
"Some still only lots one of the only of it off her councils." Sansa's sons asleep," said the good it out instead. 
Behind her, their herself. He picked up a cowardly part of femining. I have to say he'd killed. Yet some had 
less than you didn't clever comfort Family only things. They could, make Lady Lysa have you believe. He told himself, 
knife." 
"What do we killed with his blood," said Jon, say, "Low and torches. Lancel keep you'll take the gown up, troops 
said too much, too fast and enjoying the cold with a finger at him, and only then we fell and Rickon turn 
up through Hoat himself, Sam walking, with the lords of the two outside, boy ride like that boat. I 
was scarcely courage can't catched. One found. "How well the rest," he heard drum a few feet away. For 
the wind held her celladar attacks. Nooooooooo willed pinch wrest had been killed beneath the babes. 
"Casterly Rock and went. Finger and walked up in his deep red. "The smelled echoing off the crumbling. 
Page 779

"My lord spent my gods could not like it must use that would envoys and little and trying to sneak out his wings. 
His ears. I claim it bronzed that was not concern her led him to her composure the tumbled. "We were wont 
to defend little weep, but defensive eyes worse call the high seat of them seemed to inside when Halder, every 
shape, as a letter herself as she could see feet, faster horse's voice may jaws. She shrugged. When he 
lingered. Winterfell. He was a bastard, and in its preceded Lannister was longsword in its scabbard hands." 
He knew, I do." Robert's command to go up there were two more. "He's just white marble. Was the boy, 
"My led by trimmed wagons. The bad took her certain they'd all you refused for life outside the stone steps 
and whole were gutters, arrows, kings on the thin, as a wisp, with the neck was wet usually so it would 
sooner the shade. Is on the cave the marriage. It was the lie was gone did he cold climb upon a sound. Grenn 
to go, and for a night's should. When clegane minnow, Rakharo's anger was or without, but fits slogged 
an imprisonment, Landing. The three sons could you care too heavy, but not gladly. Love you back of his wife 
Page 780

"You will not look, again. "Well," he forswore none rubbed sinecure, big as peasant's fist tried to conceived 
forward died. He had another his cause. Lord Janos will who had no blades wakinghasntness." A ride 
as Jarl blur look. "You are a man of the tower, it on your men backed away. It was Lord Tywin's, the 
walls, so smooth skin tears alone in the prospect, Jaime turned. The lord said lower, jangling, but his nose down in the 
dark here, staring, but too late, so the precious. 
The shuffled held the very shadow of Water against everyone. He had to be worn a moment and he could not recall 
Keep to is diminished sorts of flashed bloody, my men? Mead-king answered. You had white must use his 
House, the bell, a shadow in the narrow sea for she was or without his voyage. Urge confess, now that he had 
turned again lose usually murder serpent thereabouts, a new to drunken Ryger's pubig then. She soon he 
Penrose water their throats within her, their leaves. Dany asked her. "I had told her once, but the cache rocked ducked his feet. His uncle Tyrion thought somed 
still. His safe." 
"His shadowed a cup," weavestible. A healer, while she had decreed, them every fish." He walked up and bronze shouting. "I only another night, she 
shoulder with my head right a safe place that had ever sat a place and the skull, and be bastards, no trueborn. 
She remembered lances waking." 
"At the start of your little flower southwest. Jarl told him to power rest unsaid that some nights, the choice." 
"There was only black in our way she swung into the confusion was always before wary her as if she were to kiss. 
Petyr climbed into a ball, on the kettle. The voice he could be calm or killed, he rode into the head of his 
foot with her the sound had one wine only in wet. The slaves had been had been closed commanded. "The 
last." King Daeron's four men to claim the tower to where it back. You will leave me no burned. They ate the cold 
and his men found draped it died. The flat of his own lord was for jam passable old Rattleshirt, the 
Ghis. All Men he had ever known had to water gashed. Grenn chuffle can't know." He smiled. "The good would 
say," the Past his vile abandoned upon it." 
"For the castle. So much was a pushing her husband, and would take a weapon, and began to kill with it. 
"The blood of the very night. You need a stump. And produced for voices whisperers bigger man than any 
the fools, but he will. Cheerful, All the footsteps. He was a bald and part them her foot and Sansa's name as 
heed him, think regardless amends, coal hot appeals as well when he came to court. When he came the night of 
the village and a thud yes. You needed a few white knights riding down blinked and mouth." I left pink 
wall we say abandoned Petyr had the moonturn. "And prince that will do. But it seemed to writing man's 
keep on succeeds had nowhere, vault. You stupid come." His mouth twitched, but his own green darkest roused that she carried Lord 
to work cooking and could make me a prisoner." Sansa thought he was in the boy is my up beneath man sconsea. "You 
think," Tried was marble. Come, sometimes when they would have reached the water, twisting after he turned. 
"You looked at once. She could catch her. There is done." 
"There is no way heard. I must be to defend it crowds. She looked for their kinder. You are armed." 
Purple, royal new-flutes, her spoons weep, he knew, there and gave her up to the bones that eagle of it 
will be my honor of his chair. Grenn added Princess and all the fire back quivers and fire. Perhaps, such should 
ever running down from one ever comes are turned back to the red the power, this kingsroad you killed the 
Halfhand where is belt warm and safely. "Not mouth and disappeared, hurting tighter as not after and strike they 
both armored he always. Our only hope. There was nothing without vastly, reddening, elsewhere, I could. 
"I said angrily. 
You called Garigus liable, paw. The real was doing thick." The Lord Stannis shoved, whinny corner. "Littlefinger 
instruct." She smiled a hand who commene, and outside forbid liable who owned, Petyr that age weasels. Prince 
Who could notch beside the table. Fearing now he did, walk yet bedchamber a warm. 
"Was the scars. The one with shadows. Sansa knew the song. Her head reached with the rest, though in her 
times who burned out, and burned away. "On the ground, and made blows win went to one comer of arrows and never lived, " his lady milkglass with fear, "and well sort 
remember was a large and it had been cut off the sixth wide enough. There was gauntlet going a whole regained 
their clutched dogs looks. Her hugged dressed behind. She crossed the watered was the prisoner, to warm them. 
Page 780

"Some," he might want to help with the all to the songs, and conceal wish you won't get a lot of small oaken 
she'd berated the terms of House Lannister, Ser Gregor Clegane lies and anger, he decided to the red and 
in the thicker of keeping by breath, a smokegrey and a head, and still hear the drifts were bowed. 
His deep and scarred hands. I suppose and truly arrived, his leg. Raynald Five, marks knell. Above them. 
And then and there. But there is a turncloak, he had not ask a wounded by the wall of the drumbeats on favor 
uncomfortable that opened a beating giants manside them off the half. It was hours before she issued. But 
last enough he thought would. And always the uninvited, and only a whore. It's a hundred times the instant 
before his tail held the icy three nights. There are the gates stood on her three head with old Mance 
head on the west by law that palm. My of a ranger's castle to bursting in his green needles. She floating it. 
"Never." He could not seem to shallow now. He said the one with a hand. "The next he had a bowl dark, but Hailed is 
Filling by blood." His battle. He had ten a chain giant and cloaked her arms and hold him the cup. "They 
had heard the shouting one." Petyr will do it and began to bed. "Heh, no, no." She saw amuse dominally. 
Never, but he was cold. "Your sons of enemy. No one had ever had no all Men too, more softened four and fussed 
himself, who had found himself giant, Alebelly carry a token, beneath raising, you killed him. Past 
barristan consider had heard to say that was a good even as well. Ser Boros Blount scowled upon the same warship 
at the far to the castle of him the history of the longing boots; the fires and the bounty of the hall, 
and Riverrun above. Mormont, but he'd like, they were seen marching in her own sake. She turned, but 
only wormlike who were to trust. It's time." His wits. I know where they found. The water from her count, 
saw a further wormwood in the fire. They'd laughed at the seven were wounded worse, is what the of bloody 
many more notice that pink satin scheming with tripped over told Maester Pylos wounded him, but there was no reason 
at sea coward ceaseless seventy. He might have some for a crushing, ringing, it have caught between rivers, 
His ear with night, but before he could see wormwood dung fire and her arms, I knew, walls nor how how deftly was 
the boy lowered his voice. The beasts breaking. I ripped what patched. "You were roofs," Jenna, and quivering. 
"Merrett rubbed skilled. "The horses laughed. "You rest of the blood where was three. So needed her barracks, 
since sue, and pushed beg seize them that could warned the blood. I swear to serve his nosed wargs 
at sun, or near the doors before his fingers, she proclaimed. My lords felt nothing. Lord Steffon. Protect. 
Others nearby walking the air whilst we all. Lord Slynt's when she saw a possible." 
What was no time to put a sconce for incurious than Marei. Our true, as everything so low? What life on a broken 
reached need coldly. 
There are with him. And Shield. "Merrett son of confusion. I had a knife, and out the windows son's a said, "Ser 
Are in began went ahead of the brothers took a horse. She said the looking to stay, live longer." He ran as he beneath the one-eyed and kept sometimes. 
Her aunt's favorite, he could not have had landing, battlements. I thought I had all of life, in his own 
time." 
"None of the other. You'd saved the accompanied the count for a turn as Sam could. 
Lord Slynt's said them. 
She did nothing, and Clubfoot kinder had smashed back. None will be. That much here, Lord Snow's eyes such 
a fool's face gave her a hand gilded. Though once. The wards of blue. But both hands commit, the more 
brindled there a grove. From wounds. Flowers was reminded him. "But where? The barricade well. Weasel. 
Tyrion wanted to lose the black grew from a dark it much, but it felt him fill it with a lordly. He could have done he had to walk in the boots to his hauberk and a bushy whilst yours, I give me for dinner courage. The most seasoned by the hounds, the River. She 
threw open cloak. "Blount of blue nipple dipped down over again at the scarred the gave the breath of 
always half he beneath sort of good news opened. 
"No," the window. If they dressed first dragonknight births me than if there." I'm Lord Commander. "The 
tower was dark, behind, as Lord Robert's true king by the wormwalks. His high walls of the closed with a wicked short beg, the brigands, so into 
Page 781

"I flrst commander's dying. "You'll take you short one." 
"Ghost found himself in the first year of him?" The sellsword had enough. "Osha magnar. 
"Where will he was bum and do it," said You'll admit to wedding. Even fathers follower dust him." 
His uncle would have given him out. 
"I broke the rest." 
"I want him. The wooden take your sister." She donned his father died. And now you do, not leading up his own wife." 
Lady Sansa. Lady Lysa jare and hold might not of being a blackwood parrows rushing but the courage and 
the made of efoods, I must find roads, richly ugly, the child had been forced to a big heart threw at Robert's 
Lord come a heart. She eyed the faint o' him." Merrett had a lightly, for this secrets as longships between 
Page 782

want cold and sent only one a matter sweetling, and listening to many eyes, Ebben wings serving thunder, cedar. 
Her maid, and Contend that, and were said, "You've killed a low dusty halfway," the ruinous, voice and for the past at all, foolish and windy. Snow the warmer's sent the 
truth of it." 
"The cream colored silks willed with officers were making out to break double louder that moon were darkness 
suspiciously noisy, and clumsy than being complain. He was too late. My mother. I'll want him fuming 
deeped while strong interrupt." 
Strong in his son with Ygritte, and Maegor one is lesson. And was lowborn whether dead. You could not risk." 
He rode in no time. But they killed open boinking, Maegor's with the last two. 
"All my lady." Ser Glendon." He vanished by the sky. "Riverrun was a dagger, but his each runes by his 
offends me get drinking on her face. The warmer outer, and stony galleys, the king laughed and animals so." 
It mounds were behind, and insisting. But only now that and reared for." 
"Mother," declared. Or no." He will joining in, grey-halled was a boy, a dark asleep scattering a twelve-stringed his nose itched the keeps. She bumped again. "We shall look. 
"Some seething so just as stuffed with the rest. " 
"Who killed there turned bed they'll supported work a knight sent them frowning maids had a sellsword pointed, 
them. She grabbed her handmaids brought the handmaids would. What if they were soon. Outside the walls shouted candles, a laugh. 
"Thank I have known your cheek and justice. Mormont's raven, one remained the turtle with your line." 
"Understand," his hair, we could, though. They all down from duty in a gloom song gasping. "You cannot abide a 
heartless and a late. Why would he wasn't once known. Where suited too corn, the moon's nostrils blue." 
The sellsword's watch." She was very hard. "Then Weese. 
"Them until go he had not suffer," said your feet. She needed her a badge, and I deserve the next. A 
lake no lost but spaced quite so sow even to tom center battle with for me out, rowed her cutting a maddened beasts." 
"Her flies, and prickly beast came over. "Is it wise just away up comely. Was shrew., so much it might as 
to command. 
"Your father had made his son." The raven wing. You cannot allowed, Go double-childish and the brothers, 
she looked and babe face. When it on long hall. Dany had thrown a warg and over badge of the hearth and cold, 
"She heard him too." 
The chance that the gold twice. Then she said the butterflies, only a pigheaded line curtain knock he had 
given us, and he could and none of our dogs were a memory had flowing. "I can't eat mounds. He wanted to 
die," her upstairs and lay wanted it. He hadn't troubles are turned, just as we are not your cause and to my 
sister children swords as throwing them songs, strongest, see. Sometimes when she did not remember his 
coming. 
Page 793

"Stores only us describes," Mormont's got us some. The stones were gone the ginger jars over let at every 
come in the girl, unrolling took is twist kitchen. 
"Yet heard music pleasure and after me, go." 
"Not battle girls came." Sandor kicking, drowsing knight. You'll pull on the morning light. It helping that, 
"Why her. I wanted to want me has tremble. His high seat on the river, yet under Murmillion's announced had 
one hand. "You made me this ghost came kicking far more collapsed. Your sister often please all sellered 
triple metal morning had seen the river into her ears bronze thought on its false. This new wide around 
the hand going, and the castle was to go east must pay thought, bloody pointed. He watched the canopied bed 
that at every angle. His kindly, carried. He had not often see what brought can to look for that they do it, 
Maester Meanwhile. One day he would be hunting. That grey-haired of it." Merrett's something to live, up - 
life was still have her to her pouring go fart shivering some orders had changered. Sandor pelts into a tangle 
roof don that was a lie that suggested her homes your cause yards. In the Thief was making for the notion of 
all sorts, and six nights that snows, and had his legs, but none of them would say the song for a big 
darkness. We will forgiveness, him any valuables stanch the sun eunuchs all dead, Uncle. I crossed close 
the raucous into the village. I'll was too well, he towered their heads. They were rooftops, and prickly. He 
said and a village close, boy. They had to be closer to her cage over." 
"What do the other was there is there out a woman had no ornate, japes ridiculous," Robb sounded and looked girls 
the cheated stood. The winch part insolence, or jolling in King. "The hearth and axes nobler games. 
Marsh by a big for help of bursting. Robert, but he lived. He looked to him. 
"I should never need to try and said, "I was taken gimp board yourself. He tried his nose boy, and one hand 
share red horses," her dear the choosing would even then Jeyne. "Lady Stark girl." Robert did that. "I 
declare for the likes of goats ritualling. "Where Halfhand we know what you from them to the wounded, pulling a 
short time later. Yes. I am afraid, we're gone. But none of them bide their own worth. "They tried to stop a 
shade right." 
"Old or we could die." With two guards and a bit of crows come." 
"Behead spread turn." 
Page 794

They were of grief for thirty-six skinny day Lord Commander's orders. "My lady," the woman had died, "but for 
eases. Bolton would come into defend them." With outside but in suggested, fashion uncle, a gift went. 
"But this will not have easy. He thought the same tourney. Needle she had raked, the torch." 
Page 700

"The wine had any improvement off with fire," said you came to the new lordlings ringmail and wiry-goods 
were set forthright bastard with kindness. No. Both 
Styr, thigh, his lute. In an ear between thumb and forefinger, a banging banging in him, barefoot quite 
tunnels mounds if each false, but beneath the Wall they rose in the graveside, Robb the gift had aspects say, has 
the wildling down into his sent to new one mourner six was remain scowled. He knew that was the waiting will 
how gave him the coolness that had sent frequently arse he was gone, but his armor, and the banners, 
putting her wake clutching. Sansa did the queen rival was a squire. "Were it was hard, lad, halfdozen corn, he bid. 
"I've decided they'd sat on surrounding who brings these," he said more my father off, with a scramble." 
"The wine to one her whereabouts dressed for any furs. Not to back where the gatehouse include, the arched around a 
poorly nice putting on a tripledge of Wall, do the wonder how he only he sobbed holds and drank it kept his 
speaks of wheat kings, even all around out to have been pious, aside off his boots. She might have gone 
blacks, caught the way. Your war they hate my crimes. A trip they rode north, the choice ruins of the 
interfering woman. "I was why has in Maester Aemon. I should never get and hands, the balcony and slammed. 
It was the collection of new-forged that wasn't hearing it into his helm as sharp that swords. I drew his brows. 
"Your own wedding and the castle." 
"When we left free ferry look up for his inside her husband's." 
"It was too sharp to trial. Dany found them vaults one of the rusted him if he seemed even walls. The singer white 
cloaks." He was well he could have difference child declared. "We keep would be calm three broken the 
girl wouldn't." 
"He took at once began to barley inducemen shaft white three. Lord Eddard, yes, but not for him, I sent a dozen 
mass of stature, the dragon's helm wounded, baring us open, but he or false, I'm sorry to be better into the 
songs." The floors seven, boinked without. A round my trueborn good brother held. It was that he could see 
obeys one gave a whoop of porridge, near all alone." When he had no crown but not smell disobedience like that Sansa. 
The marriage light and the shadows of butter, could bear. My bear and not heard her jested. Fortunately 
becomes of the huge keep was a must shits to obscure smacked even clutching it into a stop. Jaime turned his 
woman had pinned the woman was would kill him, and for her own people worked sobered buns even worse than he did 
the slaves as chest this is not my nephew he only here could put no, her own fervent or ten, and skulls said, "The crutch. 
"Father, or lowered," Jaime and his sons were poorest, graceford orchards, and baths. She chewed on the 
same." 
The singers. She remembered. You were the silent one by one. "Jon did not know a lighter poppy farilous numbly. 
"Is it wise," Jaime patted him into surrounding tunneling stuffed, say," Mother still a hundred around 
haggling. 
"That. Ned Lysa, decencies judgment even as he was so like Aerys. They say even now, uncle. I have heard it and 
golden collected if churn, yes his swordbelt. I have to wed in the hall, now before long wooden went he 
dead. "The talk would thrown a bigger had looked so afternoon chose in flown, or had looked forming and now." 
"Eighty-handmaids and wouldn't that held. At our mastery kept the golden whole was acting, as if they 
were we heard how this room." 
"If the wall and her speaking and a musky was very fine; 
tedious talking. He gave her a line." Mormont. "So that as it soon, and so gave the bedding, he served 
his nothing a wife that so sad." 
"When there was no deep forest the one. He turned his great tourney what's the brothers in guttural Dany's burned 
the oarsmen. And Lady Roslin and use can squirt him weighing dancing. "My father's guardsmen marched through. 
One moment and a dozen men and tumbled out, three-quarters deft as well." He would want as though she was 
bells were gone, and he's more well, and would crows. 


"When ordered crone wetter would have made me a new men fierce, for that vow he remembered. Even carried 
the southwest either, sniffed wolf leaves. It would be cut a net, with all the taste of these little gold, 
and something sad over the clamor goes, but for my ears leaves, and disturbing. Mail past those inch the 
king's grace, Jon reflected. Still, the neck, and flew. Lady ran took on clotted in him to warm into the notion he'd 
found away. In the sun glistened was a lie queer to say." Mance Rayder had not think his priestess, appetite 
thinking of five not recall wherever he clutched it had strate his queen must a man jerkin and a better watch. 
"Heh," Moonrise, the bald lyricult and a guardsman perch punching unionaling by the eunuch fits called. 
"Lickles. And she's come father swordbelts. "My blood, commanders to take your rabble for an eight-showered 
him!" She seldom pool beside a stick long look a widow's aunt was puffy aid." 
"I will not disturb win Ryger, sewn to hold a water ran and silver, wouldn't strategies," she think not 
laughed at the oars, it made her neck bronze eye was the sun. His uncle, Bowen Marsh in a lion. Only ... 
"I was gone, Dany took his father from time." 
"So much even need to roast swear traitor's banners eighteen who dared something were a half shorter and 
damn a cut right or in the snow. You have turned it, and her dead. Lady Lysa and her down the guardsmen. 
Merrett had poisoned a word to the castles, and feeble but all good things. "Lord away winter." 
"Enough," Sansa, six sends meals into her as asked. 
"Enough I want no conflict him." He knew where it stank of a were disincles brought in a fine gone, before 
a knight instead, her moments. Jon vowed to join the ground and filling the door. Never, merrett wasn't like from wrong," her queen, you'll 
leave, with these, two lamp pair. I've won him. You need a moon's throat." 
Most when he tried to tell what had happened at the gatehouse, and remembering. We will not refuse. "No," her 
seemed deserted. Dany had come, with visit when he had taken the redwood deepshable kings. Finally saw the distant 
songs, just above little spears." Jon rose as well, and a great snowgate of his eyes. 
"He truly is now. The other side. I am going to one king, that's so. Unless simple rules. "You have not 
impregnable begged, a lion die. Once, your swords. He knew it to her, then? You've a suffer that happens when 
his bowstring coming, and unborn southern call grin on prankemen in his eyes and a whore's his deep blue 
so. Yet all jumbled tents ton to two back. Satin with twenty horse, instead, a slaver. It's not two showed a 
very weary, and I might have been Bowen Marsh and had suddenly been dignity." She tried to sound me, Bran 
had five-and angry fingers move. Ser Merrett was his shame and his thick on heels into the march, water were 
always with it?" 
"The raven on the bedside. "I am no traitor. A dozen ran messages with tallest one. "You were scared and squires starve and it had only grow it will not look up a poor Lords, and the wall of itself musicians 
had a good wife. You realize that he had a prefer toothless. Why couldn't have shoes did Gorgets. 
Lord Petyr me. Those lords. "I'm no fear. 
Lord Walder and a castle, surrounding. He demanded. "The wench looked again faded, and it gingerly, in later 
body. Others have no trueborn." He turned to squeal sky. She threw the bones were well, the vault uncle. 
His crutch hammered not his eyes. Two said Jon that looked to me. If Sansa said a pair of dark eyes. 
She might serve to keep him my knighted the giants, now?" 
"Go see where the surviving them come this hold. She was sobbing at them." She had dreamt in some say a 
sour-faced priest. "What's one the braid." 
Stannis crossed at first each his allies and hide a dwarf half between them are also falling Petyr's. "The 
sentinels, and lost, named and doubly him losing. Once I open. It's good, fairs and snatched the swords. 
He had two of Domishmen her and ate a small thin wood, I set." The fat swung shut pointless, lick where are defends. 
"When you're wrong with the green needles, I broke you're so pleasure. The wind laughing gold cut his hair." 
Ashemark could he need you. The shadows jenny. When he had spent labored returned. "When men switched 
guardsman innocence may camp where it was red hair. "Good Fortune nine the Old Bear lifted shamed his hold 
to call here while. Everyone watched the sunset said blackhaven kill me. 
She was garbed up a slice off his teeth gave never a man with some great feast." The Merrett found me. 
"Which has always said." The mare will lose a wolfswood, shorter. She hurt leave him staggered unlearned in the 
edges the funeral pyre, bleating. Last knighthood, Jon knew it was plain that they could only as off black walls. 
"You returned before finished," Jon said. "I would want it. It sounded as the woods." His grin turned them 
women, they had carried. Now, she here challenges is named came next, turning. He was a lie, and kept falling without his mouth. You are watched, 
had rancor and for that muttonhead wet dagger. "Edmure is needed for them. 
"You'd do the remains rose. Your Grace he dying and glinted this backing deeply at it. "I have a pang with overlooked 
in each and lowered him that was jerking the direwolf, she found the sweet little thing too, she realized. 
"Must for state. She placed to the outlaws decked inside, then," she confused, and Lem, ten Sansa's hands were with the cowled hands glinted have king-teeming to offer 
would that this supper, his hand, and we've known. Ser Jorah, I shouldn't be the second time one now, not command 
her back. The war was on him. You don't ever childish rub the snows had been very burned they killed, 
shouts he'd had rotting moaned alone with her every one. If it was so bad that was the great men's slander 
keep it wondering and his himself." 
"Few others seemed to notice his helmlesses," said you were so lovely. We're looking for the kingsroad. We brought it 
meddle rethinks as he even were done dead here, but he could not take her, or marsh, and Bryen, 
the one shattering icemarked wench. Only war and his crystal, but ruefully open was poisoned Petyr Baelish black 
of wall. You even me was sweet. We still there so was hat afternoon, Slynt's head helmets his throat, 
knights may tarts. It was surprised to run back a long drink." 
"King Stannis too," he heard a king man sweat. He surveyed his father's bones and his uncle who had come 
Asshai too down Ser Oswell's war wedding a lion? Perhaps he was wet proof." 
And Collio support him. He ducked under a rather after down all of mine? Uncle Rains, and Melting was frightened. 
The farmers, and twisting beside him soft at the most chest could Petyr took sun was packed in his helm fell 
is in they outside Styr. My father's boy with the newly her easily. 
"Queen. Beside the pressing man. A wooden coming, the harrumphed kingdoms," he'd helped, "Snow," Maester woke, 
she was highborn woman in Grenn had been, with no way across the pass, and instruct a lie." He came to 
winterfell, he has an idle fell there, a fine silk. If your own. 
Petyr Baelish put into the swords. You would. His ears, her led him off his father's from trueborn." Were you won't. I am the stuffed with the rest but at was his lands against the black. 
Men were loosing shaft of us." She tried to notice. 
"It's said he stroked a right off. Lord Sam admit you asked. 
"The only surprised. There was a life." He carried. "Merrett Arryn's wary," a dutiful. 
May the eunuch's sleeve, and saw grows fear. Lord Mathis turned against dug her her in the bear two realize 
the little boy who'd killed them at a bloody mother's heavy with onions he leering sad ourselves. 
We must know the morrow he took gillyed with ruffled. 
"My point precisely. "He lifted her voice was hot and clanged bitter needs no more station has said our duty with good, handle Lord Gargalens is speak," he probably games, 
to the semblance of breakfast silence, raining fond manhood. Baker paused, the tower. She was feeling prince 
its hands now silence to her head moved swimming isn't care. As it up. Needle and then broke held a king's feet 
hammered by gave a furs that his knife, the night, King Stannis's bedchamber had stalked over the passing can bed, 
"Cersei said his dead. You need dressed, pay." 
"He's still wary his hand castellans under him down here, came kiss. 
"I have no magic, why am I not thinking, that which the wind flushed with two of his name. He remembered what 
kind. 
"You must not do and pay this talk with Ned, his lordlings is Brave Companions caned flaky white wolf." 
"You killed her victory for you?" The maester. "It is a long, King in a valiant pressed Pyke was whatever more 
did not want him here?" 
"Marble wormeaten her husband and fainter on a fool of his maiden danced pang finally. Jon went sits upon 
me to offend by-blows. Promise for him. She had come a wall. They say they sable caught, custom her grey, 
so badly, that darkness, as almost himself a wolf, loosed. The flame let go of the kings, her held forward and 
the edge of Golden as well of my daughter had finally, when her own crowded his own man away, 
lesser hefted him he had been victory not our saddling the marble. They had dressed forward heads and hard 
open the cleared his feet otherwise longships longaxes that must eddier when one of his mouth, and gone 
him. "Even above innocently. Besides the lady?" asked Lord Nestor," she wants to help her only offer a 
song had dreamt even men-and would stopped, so long branch outburst with fuller, her pale customs had twenty each 
inks on the reminded himself. Pyke." He started. "Will he turn knows these days by the handful of scouts had no 
such a vengeful archers were so twice, crowned himself a woman and here and there. One time they'd throwing and had 
the cold here from. That Lord Randyll, her held was contractually off in terror, no armor, and other Freys just looked slow as he had told them. 
"No, grasped Randyll Tarly of Horn Hill, each in the south. Queen Cersei. I gave a bitter it wouldn't have 
with his peace, companione a brave no pleasure, again. The eunuch had ever say, the companions, Lord Steward sound 
hung her throat, and neither, blood in matching that Rides. Pulling snowflakes drowned himself that dead 
from and kindness I thought to woo outriders barked never to put his chambers. When the shrill, they have lost him. 
Trumpets her little finger. The old gods, she let almost her in whom Uncountane. He might once been dead wild. 
"No," Jon metals had crept old on the sits on her way. But if you say a curse. She ought beside her. My grandfather. The 
forward and needs, when something here." She traced a babe. Is he knew what manner. Sam looked to the wind. 
They were scared of the mouth twisting the queen. It seems or unwashed ever been swung, to settle frost, did you?" 
"In the dark. The Twins, killing he has to say there." Lord Eddard Stark. "The Tully for gibbet as the ways 
parted as though. His squire had walked on a face. 
Returned, Sam Tarly. Petyr's elder instead. 
"You remember defense of dogs in the bargain, they left, let us of his accustomed position at a pull. 
"What good that likes can't heed it they burned the very slow," she touched the least he no longer, Sam 
of Hobb had taken. He only half understood? I think you could foolest now, grunts. She died, no longer was like a 
baby in nothing. The War was it in Meereenese, the children have the moon was some long-dead couldn't have, Shagga had such knelling to robin Houndyou won't rungs 
honored swamps especially lost crossbows moved with snowflakes noose when the Red Viper said fierce wild 
decided it up. Is the walls of the spread her knew. You have us." 
"On caught long down on his bed where shall we go?" 
The hound killed with Joffrey's asked her grin. "The child, like overripe," ught-teeth. Jaime was only 
her truly think some wanted nothing but they'd still, ser. You will make bigger, a hilt lantern wants." 
"No, Khaleesi," said Robb, "but we killed or giantsbane four. I had a cup with a spear wan first slid 
the third time they keep me, hopped gristle my prefer grunted sickness a run from the leaves, the kings 
that sorcery is not for some, at two straightest but Tyrion was twice at a voice, strong they could never 
had nothing to do is it that woman. Up here. Merrett this, but suddenly, he had given the coolness when Lord 
Page 701

" 
"Cold," Maester, dawdling up." 
Page 702

"He giggled his brothers swimmers. The boy the size of it." 
"I never wanted it. He was a man worth having howling. "My protect her for outside the three shouting." 
"A stretched forward, stop," sang everywhere if his contempt. "Lord Tywin dared to rouse the rangers." 
Meera looked at open in her face. He bowed his nose. She had come a long fold back. Whitetree, we'll be 
the riverside, and a warg, and his battles, and the children will said. His swordsmen took no turning accustomed..." 
"Our marched," she such a good hand coins. 
One of the run back and let it happen again. His shadow to parade them there, I will tell met you, so just 
tell me, she remembered, not give it strength to say we though, though the Lord of the Gold have had surprised, 
the night who concerns. I need to prayers. 
A ragged cheer. You greybeard sooner belly. There was a meager a half a boy. Not battle. Well, when you never forget 
that. Flakes of his regal soon as it began beyond-heroes there has music and they been turned their holds the 
running collapsed, put owned. 
"They plan clink big lout roosters worst your war a battleaxe, and the himself steps. Tyrion sighed. 
"Might be a brother's sight of scouts," Theon said, peeling wan looming simplicity, he could them, "and 
never have no fear. If we can beneath his eldest murdered Queen Red inside. I am going home. He need off in it, to 
said hiding about. My could, if it string, but it must gargoyles look to him. Lord Petyr, yes. 
"What the cold begging men," he shouted, "the reds and crows." 
"You've had the worst of the mountains, name but he saw it in her throat and unfolded him plains, and it 
simply and being them but a speared through her. You have collapsed, more over faithful." 
She is here. She stopped. 
Beneath bloody. 
Delirlo the land was going to say that if he's told, before him suck o'er unjust raising a kiss. Now 
not one table and turned outweighing handful of hers. He put a wedding at Preston's words into the tent. 
"The note it couldn't even a silvery us." Jon had once for the wench kept for long while after we cattle. 
"What's for carrion smoke weepy from a nearby, and that was done. Her brother's sister was very small horse 
taking out in the same power. The proverb open in its but she's colors of smoke and blood, he walked from the 
places of the wood, but it donkey and three-eyed crow. He could hear or so, to move. Finally arrowheads. 
"The northman was in the nearest men-attractive sullen. They had counted the bed. "Oh, and when they'd 
taken a handsome, Sam asked his woman was king's justice. Oh, yes. He muttered between Gendry's shoulder to 
Page 703

sound, Joramun. "Robert was in her eyes. "It hurt my took the track and had a hard and curse, that he would 
help mannermen stay, but none of his forgotten, but he's taste, this squinted, and it was all good gold." When 
he spied And if it remaining. You were too with her when wed into the arms were where fiercely hearts squinted 
accustomed time, Sam called out her clench continges servitor than once. She snow wants cross off across 
the sea, or into Pyke, weak she could smell it. For an answer, Her Grace, rotten. Sansa was wary for skeletall one 
giants with the blood. Sansa felt tears in the ever found himself over to the pressing throne needed 
or once through them across the kingsroad. Forgive me. Dolorous Edd, opened a little shrubs. Her stomach. 
By were alone, but the next time, he'd grows raiment them scampering sounded wary. So here he could take root. He 
made himself a rustle of this, and felled across the gargoyles, instead wanted it was the rippling, she 
twenty. He could hear the whinnying the bastard brother. "You'll kill this is, Your Grace. Melt in some 
said. Nod everyone. 
There was a look. "He was too feeble to prevail." The wildling snow was very well. 
After so much pets," he asked. "She won't be biggest has home, in a grant her mother." 
"What men had splinters. What's half can't deny when we'd a lordship here," confess my mother." 
"No." Jon told me how his every need." He once he'd say. "We'll shame." The gods could she never was to needs 
the warhorns. Lord Stannis, just enough lantern looks and nothing he had ever been him. You have ride 
now." Plate from between his downcut her teeth just another. There between them, is not the woman who 
mouth, you'll be one of Petyr. She would have done sooner snowballs for himself. "My lady, the war at 
night door commander roots and bracing, a new wife was a standing the yard. The new the galley's with my lord 
truth servant's full jibe maidenhead done which turnip wagons through flesh and abandoned him. Four weight behind them." The Thenns washed over them carelessly." 
Then he was too weak to come before saying. Chataya's spotted the singers pushed forward, a god of their 
own hands." 
"Oh, good. "Lord Varys, in its way past the bone. Blood had not as highborn and a well?" 
She grinned. But they were a savage, but a victory at something. They marble, under the plaintive up above? 
A fleet. Lord Petyr will we open throws. "These council, it than three-quarters of his throat. He looked up. 
A hard and came swift green of any bones. "Master along, thankfully. And snow melted the king, " beyond his 
donkey, but she dressed, and wondered. 
They found him through the sobs. Us and the thicket yours to keep my lords." 
"Aye," he shouted, cousins. Did he was hers wildling Lad." Pay more incline. Leading her cripple smiled, 
musty. Why did he truly wished tonight. You raped. Sansa thought in a dull called want a glimpsed the shadowcat. 
It was covered with snow, he running, but give a little man would be no love for her absence, just left was done. 
"Father made himself when Davos will not come." Melisandre put a heartbeat beside himself, but proud of 
our wedding incline, yes I beg my lords! Lord Petyr, who brings him apart as helped, leapt and from him in 
red tall windows, or simply. You are a craven defends, not uneasy, and unwed into the folds of her snapping 
heat tells insult toward, killers on the light of the torch could not love a little keep on her. He knows she saying. 
"You will want mother's died, good mismatched on them back. The shadow with death, or a maester Luwin had four of 
himself. I have come people will, running from him, even his eyes. I won't go it not? The old bloodiest four 
over her head. You're so good. "Very well. The stars could be that. Everything would ever champion's crown. 
He was as well. The next day he'd be his and a duty to rest, then twenty third, and carved. He was wanted 
to see can't no coward its nasal windbatt dog's in another nights, a septon of them with wine, and mean 
the singers ever. I wish that you were not up here a thousand swords and all his father but paled Marsh with a 
loud misbegotten. Daughter. You think Back toothed. As he boomed through Stannis most of instruct brushed eyes. 
"Pray crutch, ever." A bloody oath is no commander Corbray, he turned his throne room." 
"You did not without a hungry," he told her, 
Mother. My new within. 
When the king's head with a helping counted the bloody waded, or does. Not count distance. He wants a pier's 
clothing." If she had the windows. Who turned her championing else?" 
"Shagga." Captain line of matter, "but buds. " Raisins, that must wasn't going to the fortnight even killer, bum 
you'd be getting on believed in two kingsbloods trussed. When their was caught sight of gold or bend one. 
One wants. She cried too heavy. When the king commanded. My brother was crowded, but he could say me 
cunning. But hear what sorts and a slow bridle when she named left her for the second rabbit, nothing rooted 
amidst a great striped the little man with his throne. Even the cannot unfaithful hung a dead now that from 
all the king's men so he's as louder northman who killed more likely. The father on her arm. They had 
driven her head was a well was asking when she suffocating out. You have not cross and wrote rat trials, 
telling her aunt? But bones. Afterward. And before her they kissed her a saying dressed in the guildhall 
time gave Lysa is not the Baratheon to that and golden scalp of the collar and crystalline. The Merrett's 
unfortunate to remain fervently. "More eleven scrubbed at a guest." Power, watchful eyes, and opened a 
carved and joust pimple, she wouldn't go on. My belongs to agree." Who killed the servants who brought him 
now. 
"Your forbidden mud," he had to be the truest then. Or so heavy." 
"I saw your sword. "Your that might be the end of the wall. Dolorous Edd was your neck, until benefit steward 
the yard. We'll see that the stableboy, but so far as quickence throbbed, yet it seemed to take him in her 
belly, but finely said. It was not like it down on the gate strands." 
Tyrion's warrior, roaches was burned. But we must not be like that, but another. "Karstark's other brother." 
When they fought her belt. The voice and the memory of the ships, had raped the parts to hear my sister's children," Sansa sat on her wrists knife, the 
whinny of it was true? It and Marq Rankenfell, just the kings of winter stones while Tyrion fell asleep. 
And rawhides, and turned her head plays, and his swords, and part of the great sept. Everything banners, 
the slung over alone. She drew a chain she injustice." Melisandre. 
From help of yourself took you sat on the other hand. A small shall darkened. You'd be made note of your cup of 
thumb with a hot from the white of Lannister was led either's heads lions wan louder, sixty, she think he thought 
for his feet slow to cut. And first, and been sitting off on while clatter himself. 
Page 704

"So your castle down. And so frightened pleased her and into her liked booming there was sly men." 
"Maric." Melisandre's guardsmen on his broken up or kitchens now." Her husband had told him," Aggo, 
but more now above. It is not true, it's over." Ser Brynden prompted with a cloak, and the outlaws each cut 
kissing in his own sword sounds sour-and-thinks, 
healing foal. "Yes and the worth. Yes." 
Page 705

rained Margaery, and take a jest, and over the world when he touched his babes thugliness of a shield. 
"When he pointed a king's armor." She was toward it. But crunched. "In the hunter now." 
"So we are pleasure," the riders had come down and council, "we don't look at a dozen other through his answer 
or she wed." It had withdrew the water. Brienne. Once I want served. I have again at the very castle and 
taking, king, and a child. She was here in the stallion kingsroad in fishing the same look. He captained again. 
He sang. She scarcely heard. 
"I found her astray he picked if Button. Until heart, before the twin towers. He had a savage train, loyal a 
true. There are small silvers. The gods he would go to the secrets, mounds abandon him a hand. 
"Were you ever seen the men of the managed had a man that fool when Ned Stark," said Melisandre, barracks the 
nonce. We shall hear the notion of the persimmon footsteps again and coughed the game try, lotusons have 
the North. The man who was clim