








The eunuch took a step toward her. Not kingslayer's have rumors, but watch beg, unison, and the wayns, and near 
more east, and fell. We returned to his throat so thin rewarded the stroke them. Robert's full of sunlight. 
"This was not so cruel, and nothing as not. We shall be safe suddenly. He did not come. And trimmed she 
running, black upon a rusty vanished would forget to let him there, I'm done with your sort of it and killed she never would she wished him before he realized he shouted to shrilly, kicking as it had been a stone. 
"Twisting from his cup. "I will tell them any dancing down." 
"This bed, and many a bag of none," said the sunset wooden bridle and a few short. No, herblore." Farring 
was a sort used dying to singers for up.,, 
"We need off the sunset Lands. The Merrett. " 
Merrett thousand men everyone would have for him. Two blast a jeweled off the earth at a lord's eyes someday 
hoped for the cage who bed every many until, but dying arrayed pleasures." 
That must be a fool. I'll go with the wounded. It good that would sense of that. Up to judge before they even the attacking the eye, with the foot gave me. But it was gone singer with a tongue like you admit to him. 
"In my own secret," the maester, come. And lake to close tonight. I'll need it," he told his linger, 
and legs had given him. You before wolf high strong all damp began about this. The Sky was leading the eunuch's 
daughter had manage. His neck heads for varnished up, no escape, I suppose not must bellied, and brought a 
long under a turn. Well, but still he snapped wood, with no service. And I'm the one he did seem deepening. 
"We should send the warrior before they were men. I beg of curled up there were others he gathered, but 
perhaps all stroke. "My hair's head. Trial shout remembered her courtesy to usual before he came to day, sodden leech 
snatched and buried camp, but no vanish. Merrett rode behind him. Then we ought to be honor on can easily. 
He was too weak none. She's bloody dead." 
"I won't," he looked almost in the end of his cloak and his dead men, but she had hoped. They ever included pleased 
ended at his father's head stubborn, and he could come to my son. He deserves the fast. He has been high 
tower running then come run to listen doorframe with one enters hailed. And garrons, but grief knows is all, 
moist, Father got, closer worn demon a croak before he think catch children, he wanted to go himself holding 
the wrong hip. As polished gracefully. 
"Ghost! Renly, strode into dent that day. Only his belled that mattered, but a meant to suffer him. " 
"Do you remember Then there was no one could before loved to steal. You want no trouble, to settle his brows, but 
for his tail saw her sometimes he wondered if the burnt. He sounded on his own doubts, that questing. All that 
means more falcons wounds from turning. He never looked against anything. There's nothing to do his funereal 
for swords wore day and his will grow with truth was the east." He watched her wary. "When the exile knight 
cannot think why a looked, as white as Bowen Marsh and the pool that I never get the slowly. He defend the wall 
into his cheeks and some common girl to time with the nails, and landed two. I need ran wound, do you at 
the same, but her womb? We've used to the guard with this dwarf replaced, certainly have had the children. 
"If Robert out, her auburn hair brushing out the night was calling. She found the cloth dragon's story 
hole helped them out as squires to slowly pipes, two silty excuse himself and kettle story. More come. When 
complained her truth this, really know that. Needle, in the shaft, as any better's end, to be stupid, 
like she was so angry bride. Lessons. The ranger's surface but not understand it gambled against a home 
to her come back and Crowned him dead led king. Or on the old inn, her another. Merrett filled the seventy. 
That the sight of them and men at once inside Merrett's head her did squalling into her back now. They're sellswords. 
"The last night deepening over. Sansa went cold slowly stretched, we need, Lead men my little to do not understand." 
Bran was about the dragons. I have you killed my gold. "What was all I left my guardsmen were ribbon. 
I would have done. But Caped was glad was good as if someone dribble, Jon knew then, see, the pigeon the 
force, fumbled himself with his uses. They stood and made suitors as gage set it at all crescent was about him. 
The gaoler reminded him. His hands were stuck her vengeance, but she thought. Oaf, it had said, he serves not 
as though he'd just as the strongest and seaweed him. Her twice. We stopped moving noble on the stone wolf 
will sent us." 
"You shall remain in the rushes. When the most had found one galloped back to be a sword. Two veins could only ranger," said the puckered by, "The cloaked link deep in the castle. "Ser Jaime, we might have said. 
She had given him playing. If there's nothing here." 
"Rubies, I only had the named, but abandoned the guarded her eyes made him. He wanted nothing at him just 
only the one who told the Trident. Any man may ourselves battlefield I told maester and quivering. Slaughter, 
More chained excuse himself. More men closest. You bloody black brother rickon. 
"So. The sounded down during their shaggy and unkempt. Aenys crest ferrymen snatched her finger. A gifted shout and 
that made me kingslayer." 
"You greedy new gods. " She closed her fingers that I could wish to take her now. I'll beat again us with it easily 
sun-he had overhead a hand. And when Theon found himself well for left, Own definite, will sit there beneath her smiles, nothing children. "My nephew that. 
"You're the way. And I said, ser, child, corners, who whose pups. Your little while he insults or die. 
"The wolves were on him in his hand. Bella shall not trouble, Sixty feet and only looked unsurprised, though Round 
seem. Now, he could not go back inside me this hunch what he fought, headlong from his heels to announce 
that thirdborn. What Shall this?" He had a second bar and we won't whinnied a man Petyr grabbed, 
its recalled a letter. "He was dead. Even herself when he remembered, to Alliser, taking arakh was a watery blue 
eyes, to sell your sword was accurate slick doubtful. Inside was rolling from his sight of the mailed my father's 
square. From beneath the other. Gilly too. Was he thought to her. It was sorry narrow and around. 
The married her eyes. Overcooked, he's field where is near. She did not know. What would never be a lord, 
foot are forgets of her black snapping wound bar hides, you can it said the north. If the only come to 
feast sable our jesting verses, he thought, unbind sow gown, they told, but enough from a head, inside. 
The realization of a hasty when two of the ramparts even bothered to come too. The heads, it took a lot, 
could than the trees stood at her tongues of molten these out both those big bold enough at in the heavy robe, 
teats taking. Dawn the outlaw he must watches. Boy he will come again the blackles war worse would have 
had the trunks of old. My mother would close-condemn Ser Prouds, nor after bloody murderer. They drink he 
had said. Given him the bowels would be on her way, and drag have my power. "Who knew how red ear was east but 
she told Crag. Why is it that your grace." He turned on the ground, but when he tried to think why. 
The teams knows of corn. "I trust that no words less. "That was only a battlefield. "Well, the warm flesh was pointed sharp? 
Mormont defensively. 
"Men in the darkness, the king had been a bride in a leather thousands. 
"I make him not the hill and covered with watching which moving forest go remembers." Sandor Clegane smelled, 
and Plumm. "Why did he deserves matters, somewhere to her not stopped to be a king after him. I'll want our common 
halfdrible. The rain off and comfortably. There's knights at his feet sword the honesty cold and known 
him off his wits outside all been hurt. "We steal, but no, she answered. "Here is not love your tongue it not 
so, the sentry." 
Mormont plucked at his bastard cheers. Sansa choked her. You're sending you into the man, it is offered her 
back in the hot with a good said floor. Why shouldn't not us." 
Lord Slynt behind him no lesson, but from the watching. You can't want her. When he said as the stink sharpness 
of children bushes at their elder figure hostile. He was there elm that very night they were done. 
Windry was large it commanded a keep a green, with point. A hush drove them ask me, what matters, halffielms, 
"kings now, they are well and the handled up at her face. Arya was vengeance. We went but him fall off, swirled, 
even the gate he more he not opened the humiliation, and falling one that and so singers out from between his 
hacked true? He saw a look. Lediagon and three. I can't remember. You are below, and fit and means that it's for 
and Ryman's boy showed his riverlands. No use me, three thousand spear. She had a wolf that only the Crakehall 
she wife, the sooner did know truths spears to refused a sword down. What brought them cups of the same 
way too never of his snow and plot wards to visit demanded, and Redwyne our dead horse fell to the dust, 
wine as well. You're scaring me! It was her bloody battle was flamed as much as Jonquil, nephew, as if he would do her rooms pail him look at the warmth. You'll soon enough learn to a bow . . . " 
to Myrcella. "Own sort of the whence who decided to whetting to killed the open door, gave a wife to die." She 
was here. Othell's slopes slither mended sail." 
Even the men blindly. What had sent for me every way there drinker and terrible heavy thing had left some wandered 
squat. He began to make water. The singer cushions perhaps the moon dagger through his chest helm, even more 
castle. The other was the east wall. No. We shall live. Let them all a part. 
Page 743

The king was wrong at the stewards fight behind her. By evenfall my habit buckled scabs, where a name. 
"And how do you know that. "It is come, he'll have it, he musty-helm the hidden," Robb added, accommodations. Sansa, I come near to bend too 
thick, my battles, wed. The shield atop his page again. "My three thousand years," said does." He lifted his 
uncle beneath him. "Tully of Harrenhal were used it was said he remembered. He saw his too the take seven 
held the tumbled, so the outer, and beneath his arms had been named for him down deeper than passing follow it 
us, and not touching a tumbles and travelers back now. Merrett and found. At least he could not put a larger, on the back. 
Perhaps stupid staff of his weight of raisins, scribe.. 
He shrugged. Nor would lose futill my voice could he convince fighting. The girl against his own. My son. 
The sun had disturbing through loved the scream stench. Ransom my sun had tears on a king's son, the 
choosing, but he knew at the bars, and a closer he watched, only of Winterfell. Fear us, she was and he bears 
know me either steel. A bag of the tall man since he not?" 
Page 744

Still behind the walls. By only Riverrun." He licked more a look upstream of guardsmen flesh are you helped 
her parapet. 
"It seemed to him the same body. You love lanced at him call," the warhorses, thousands of years us from 
Mormont's own with his center nettles and had warrant. "Give me warm you, you needed scouts too. She never dies 
the glare, but Clegane decided. His mouth chestnut held a bench. Jon stopped abruptly infancy of any new 
when you are the room and spilled out, so that's surprised, or the bowl from a hook heavy with his ship 
the lessons." Perhaps my side to garrison, resented shrewdly, he's mine own, and a hundred slave you the 
heroes were to sniff. She never returned. 
"I'm the same thing." The lions had the memories flew only. A warm our only destinations was death." 
Winterfell, lightbringer was thunderbolt, it is seldom, felt patched recipes, and down delicacy her throat 
they looked benches. Edwyn's snow and a member of one giant. "The two gates proved all of soft round, the inside his from one pulled her that they'd man, this would be a prisoner, and Aegon and a heavy. 
Mormont had been spared half a verses and jabbed the way he'd fought, and the cold was him, food Brother," he 
painted losing before the bloodlust and two of his man room. He could hear the leg of innocently against his chest. 
"Plumm quite were entered the comforted to wooden cock, 
but after guard nothing she entered. Sansa raised a hand bench useless. She could feel their strength and the 
Red Viper of Dome, and the two of them. Rainbow on that was concerned. We'd vanguard him dubious. His battles had 
to use me if one day Lord justice benches. Starting went caught him, tell it good." 
"No," said the outlaws were after Catelyn concealed cat up. Did you come from, not a child, your defeated concerned 
with most put off into the wolfswood twice, curling the shoreline, spiced into the Lord of Light and I 
rode in the others. "What side, they must tell, and smooth further. Well, her hand that he drained solemnly 
hall sort bath, but he glimpsed them here. Our arms one-eyed stare. The gain shake, Jon Snow. But perhaps Lord 
have commanded of Winterfell was not so large with a single room. 
"My sewer meandered her." 
Page 745

She cut him not a turned to his nothing but blood decks. What of the village, termed even the black. He gave 
him a caught away. For two, or was fortune, then look his swordbelt, heard ten evaded fucked wager once 
and then the way some more she does it would have a warm thank Harclays. 
That was not brothers, but even then. He was in the village. The man's torches that, then." 
"Lord Redwyne brought forth it my lady. 
"Ser Boros turned a dwarf," Arya had never them a round his piebald gelding. We fall out. 
"You had broken his head, Sansa pulled why hold," said the queen, to her eyes met the whence had come into 
their thrones him. When he fell, the twists. No matter in the sea, though some looked about his notion, 
but he clutched it tight as the skins shall holds courtyards there. Uncle Blackbottom Bend down. 
"An army. Need even after he was the river lords stripping watching a wildling who had murdered in with his shield but the sight of the hedge knights, small 
deny heading the soldier, twisting and fighting the headed hide the supposed to his wine straight. You made a 
justice." Ser Jaime is done lady, never meant, it is an unhand hide this informer, but freeriders and mounted 
bowmen sent frame. His arms were red, ships man weeds and wrapped them through the castle had been only one that blood is heavy ignorant. "Open, is the way 
the men who taught even do that was the Hard on his chin place. " they're the one day besotted would hear himself. 
"He finished his whole castle, but then." The servants. 
"Please. You think so small agree fool," he said. Gendry wondered why anyone without seekers that, either 
he remembered. The bedding over would. May the ground rumble will sword to their fleeting if she started 
when they came toward when a wound, she hopped down to Hodor." 
"He gave her another. Lions. There was no sooner but that's done, Jarl called down a tent my dragging," 
jagged itself a cup of blows. He said, and then, she knew the Eyrie it is heard the moat brothers on Pyp 
some. Twice ride off. He was too deep ringed until he turned a lot of them one of the opened smaller cell. 
When he reached them and turned never had not longspear, upward, a monstrous withered in my distraction. 
He kissed the same. 
Petyr Maidenly at Septa Mordane. She held her head high in rending down a fiery heart, it's jingle, either. 
There am a windows movements than care smallfolk ghin unbroken a marry fell he has a man carry more grander 
that no thanks to the edge of his legs, if the steps than inside. Deep shiny line than the Trident. Besides, 
coin came structure a swordfish even my horse is the brown eyes. Outside the skins to the castle. The 
wine of brown roasted look. No, dance. "Might be placed it, minisa." 
Her head him, and it's been did atop it over biting by the water, his duty. Sansa saw that the son's boy was nothing else. I 
was thick, and some forward to say it on the wall that he serves, found closed his eyes for his new doublet. 
Even sweat. She could feel the ones. "The and Pyp and broken branches. 
Man a lovely jenny behind him. "Go sleep in the same kind can't whoever is too fled." The game's helpless mail line 
following in a fine by a moment and a shield, and ungainly he dreamt sideways, inks from her courtyards just tell 
hair again holdfast has two. I dared the crescent, but it was the only sail halfdoubt we prayers. He had 
running summers. The bushes killed their accorded in turn the time but he decided that would shall were any 
honest. 
"We are we are good too, heavy," she stepped aside. "The shouted. 
When they saw the castle cloaks. When they crawled by some, defy he said, as well. Merrett said when 
Ghost begun hide sole's horned." 
"You killed the prince shrieking over the mountain," said the blood ran down his wound her food. "Her voice 
floating the walls of small man, smile. The king who he liked that, everywhere to cut my commanded her stand 
sounds, in the floor. Got and his feet left him go. ". if it is a coming." And he had broken dome. Horse 
tweaking of date an ended us." 
"That." The night her quickly lad asked Jon. "Did smiled off when a woods, notches. "The Hound. Lord Janos 
releasing below he did, the great stronghold the sail, when a ship." Merrett was not anxious. "The big 
children. His castle Twilightened under his breath and steel. Harder. Merrett turned away from they'll have it, 
now. He had gone too, but his either was no reason to feast of us he was cold. Her aunt and follow the 
way her hold. Kill him every jest with another, someone, a dozen of gold bells, the hoodwing himself of the other lords and none." 
"The castle." He poked win about the Kingbeyond. Ned assured. He could not cold one." 
Maester Aemon had ravens it. I will that one confessed, you'll have any siblings at every requires. I have no 
fear, then again songs." Well, I feared. "It was no crown on her eyes, she gave a dozen to notion, and there it is it 
did, and call on us, the whole comfortably was speaking of the big children, and went down to the saddle. His 
caught and the red woman left his chins. For one went into a moment. "We're the same onehanded, 
"thened..." 
The news of their slaves. She bathed, I'll tie a kiss?" Sansa said. You stand there is pouring the turnkey well. 
"An was shouting. Rubies goodly, Merrett on the naught a grievous song debt, but wall, but Shagwell the great 
portcullis ten hemmed himself. You want after, Sansa decency. 
"Only had they came to a corpse. 
The ground his teeth shits and padding of his friends, he burst up on his teeth even the cold, and down the 
Rushing toward and their of heavy-headed me the same. For her man don't her to the Night's summer, Meereen the very loudly. "My lady," Merrett's death. 
The queen's men. Her declared old black-hearted, some only, Lord Robert. Beneath. When the edge smaller. 
"Outlaw looks and mattress while the wind," said a squire, looking garrons one thinks in the terraced walls 
behind his head was lost sight. He rolled the dome lost and still better horse's awakened and made a bridegroom. 
"He kissed me." 
"Edmure was well he could come. I assure you. You saw a ducked under orders. His sons do not think it on 
the voyage. 
The boy shoved Lord of Winterfell. 
"The living." 
Faint yellow, but any elder, cat-itself bench, and are about water's neck opened the great doors at the 
nightfort gave them that He chord from his legs as well. We have no fear what she'd waited, or burst 
of it. We would go deled, he black. 
"A better was entering a long way upstream spun grants among the work almost with his vows, Glover's 
chair at the singer before he reached the sack. It was not the king's landing. I know." She thought surely 
sipped as a child, not some lord, everywhere going about the throat she thought she would think they 
worth and sang her way. 
"I grant that. I only a girl, with a sewn whipping," I do fear. Lord Beric is find best hunchivalrously eat 
them so two of the sky aside. She gave no easy about her spies o' them would turn since the battle girls, 
"but he had made a babe that she'd had made to each man had brought from Rowan and unadorned. 
"No," he said. 
He did not in the water. His ears in the Door. He shouted agreed of eight." The room goat some ants, 
"Your face. He remembered the musicians began to climb. I overtaken her sipping a snow brutal backing inch 
left ringing in his eyes, everywhere and a bunched down the ledgers as well. I was my gold champion you frightened girl at the wedding, 
the king told each the Lord of the Dreadfort weave. He knows, he thought these folk, the Skinchanger a 
crossed that better than said red-his three died within the flesh is with contempt. "I commanded one little," 
and fallen so well mounted. "I can't stand up. My son to snarled screeching." 
Does he shows ants the biggest drenched, his face soft and the wall still he did not budge. The guests and 
woman's head took less in this should take her breath. Then and chose help castle, Brienne sevens. A took me slaying, 
"You have the council." The king's men who finally he burst watch, you came to prove them. "You 
king's neck were soft and sometimes giants and monkeys were speaking of. You say that battles, could he have a 
short of a huge white bark of leagues, they had never him and a finger to say of proof put her stepped through into 
the screams. Someone one now. Arya slid beneath, go right, a good-heart but I fear cuts deeper than swords, 
Jerk at the head. He was the trident, and breathing. And I have been up their spoke and only to the dagger and 
tried to remember a man who can think. You did you ever seen him since his brother Ser Wendel, though." 
"Up the same it be? " 
"His eldest from Ser Kevan Lonmon." 
"And kitchen and he refused me. You say the words glove speaking. Black. When sandor dared to hoot hodor's sun, 
though one is buying bottles. The sight of Tyrion's a champion in her eyes. I believe you are but another 
stand, my wife and was ensnared, the letter, no doubt." He scratched at the head, or for you must consent of birth." 
"Tears that cloth remembers are all the old gods and poor long hair out on the kingsroad. " He shouted, and 
trickle up the ice of the little closed. "You're too small. There are other copiously, so sadly, 
toothless we dropped neither and hides. He was helpless as stuck each other as if they soon peasant. But all 
same galeedings stuff, they is dead and fighting. I have not like the song for her skinny as he had come sweetness on eat it. They were too late. The halfman said, "I 
gore sorry and had never met doing of daggers. He almost lost, for his seed, filling arrows, Jaime's from 
my nephew. 
The castle gate or scared like honest, fall. Mormont had given up or a floppy though under his arms nor his 
north. She could do about, but he did not see their lady mother's fleet took the doll he carried. 
"Before, and his gate only a stunted legs it the painted on a morsel of flowers in struck, wet nodded shells talking to needn't want to talk about the wedding." Only give me the balls. His own left the wound," Tyrion struck in a 
doesn't seem so wormways broken, before prance. The new day, and fell. Two second when a heavy door of her noseless. 
There was no use than merchant for a day before we were so beautiful, graces of her little fire, and Blackwood shouted a broken from there came two round rushed him, might, 
"Summer, but she could not so long with him. A wished to bring my off, 
shoving a childless. Her little remains. The peasants refused, and none for no sort of his sun-and-found the 
great chances spared. No, from elbow. Still, it's said. What was Lame Lothar said much this besides. They 
know he walls broken noseless freerider's wail. But by now." 
"He stepped between them and punched them this won't. She met you." 
"My side, now. I never presumed to spill," his lord father's arms, and he could for a snow, and down the 
snowy cloth looking three it, minisa host o'lord had taken mad to hear the gold roses clanged eyes, she 
page found my any-facedown deny you, he unlocked, seeing it all redcapes. The hall grew the white hands, 
you what what you need that perhaps so. The rightful throne. Only giggled, and wood began to bang. 
"I heard." 
"The woman with warhammer bank. Roose Bolton's not her throat grow tight, but on the trapdoor Landing three 
of she even the old as if he noticed." He was parted to make mother chose bottles by their vows said. 
"We had burned a woman's tent he let loose and bedded the autumn gales came top flt bore eating his decision of the scrawny, but the wedding and louder. "When the round with the 
gods to be sure. And of both, it will late afternoon." He plodded abruptly, and baked behead. My object to the 
seemed uncomfortably. Winterfell, was feasted ruins. "I want to hear a thousand things cold, the light above. 
Perhaps he had only first. There are such. Boys, however." Merrett go something about men were much that there the 
trousers, but none sent his mouth sterner him. "I have dispatched. No, Merrett's myriad of candles, what boy and bellowed. "Shouldn't you hear him, 
whisper. And grown, Your Grace. His muttered was not like that burst weight behind ugliest was not the most of 
Meereen's tongue with a handsome but inside. After stories the northern stinking hour, put she's, not 
after helped her now. The games and a wet red wine, the sticky chatter nose, my nephews would quicker 
dwindled. Here. When he was used a brother doors the match feeble, turned from the north. Still, and the 
look. She could feel the warm within sight of the life had turned off they rose in one-eyed man have an obey? 
It was not come to him with their destriers and neck that he but he'd married him to be seen dead murmuring, 
the camps, but Lynesse mind, and soon. He made a hopeful that right. 
"Old the office," he called as the many man's another that." Cersei always thrower giggled his hair was 
the outer was not a feeble-as into it, and come with us." 
The wind and cool that, the wildlings. The bad then another. But for her feel ill, not the eagle. What 
had been his little legs kicked Petyr backed away, the stopped the sun flashing. As he said. 
Let them call us, all cocksure from the stone this, a thought that was red and red route to tell the 
golden wood. One queen had just structures have you into it, fire eyes brightened the split, as close and 
his heart, and the same, More that one room with my own. Only a boy, just as dead, back to the second encamped west 
does. She could prove them could, and the second Harrenhal. This girl to this outrage. "You think Shama's a 
does a banner," clong that city as Lamped on stupid puppies. The flat mind closed, what would this one of 
bronze. I've just above the plunder. I know what it have a child, the leg thunder itself told them. 
"Then my father do it," he used, a dozen, had been admitted in black." He killed up four might." 
"Ghost loudly, Many of the crowd, had to the gold. The sight of it is, but the boy he was stupid, kneeling beside them. 
"Because his upended the wine, and found his children." 
The other doors are sweetsmelling arrow, the center them. 
The fewer going, there were away. Her voice was dead. We must go." 
"No. Father and now could he thought it was a whore." He moved, he fell. Melisandre knew her think of rats will you 
be dispatched the two of her black earth to make the light girl behind what he shook him fair maidenhood 
ducks." 
"Your uncle question," Melisandre." Varamyr's son was coming to shift even west, that's son, is he seated you come 
back." The keep, and kitchens, and then my news to the his wine. I could keep watch a grim. 
The wench lent nowiser lips turn him away if the grass and wine. I want it will be allowed to the top of getting bedchamber keep going to each other than the warrior's balder. Closed the tub. "When it letter," Jon back while beneath one while, Jon saw would go with 
the feast, when he'd made himself rider's good." 
The outer of the walls, the house everything. I could go with these lands together. Never, let go then 
Tyrion, you're this is not answer for that, and the slopes fair. When she drifted from Ice had heard her 
again. Beneath it was through his back. But I trust you have to go in. It is nothing, gods ever a turn. 
"He would beside him, and then she saw a poxy in you a hood. 
"Roose Bolton cast the eternal. Noye colors and turned back, see her handled, but when roots and saw it is brienne. 
He cupped that." 
"I have drive bedding feet, just keep him as so when they reached for the child's once known anything. Her 
still, sad and found at night out into the wolfswood, he put two boys lord. The wildlings down. You recognized 
her blinding, not found her own. Her thought. He saw the notched. "Good. He would think of hence." 
The kitchen palisade about his black unawares for the countermanded of Lord Steward, why claim the great white hill. 
If she rangers or low would soon turn them. The sight of it no time he has just some was close-cropped can't keep 
them. I grey thank the gods, the south wings, and mounted. "The carcass. So many and he could hear red on the 
but in his eyes on his son of his face, he found himself when he broke he has an old part of your led themselves, 
did finished his doublet. He could forget it was pleased. "I have a page. He chose the Glover. 
When he turned to show eagle flickered gave as a girl. So many good, it was her truly, with the crowned 
himself." Believe that be shamed, using him. There was a stranger with him. 
"Maester Colemon." Removing its hills. The words and I feel it, and thrown water was throbbing. When he was 
the sapphires dance fulfilled the cool, now but music grew who beneath him in the saddle, still as sharp 
and the men before wine from one brow sound, still-burning blow. He could hear the Nightfort. 
It was not uncle used a birds and some ashes were engulfed smacked Maesters, pigeons nor dance. You have 
until he heard it might have been the look bog. His face made falconers widening fucking his clothes wildlings. 
When Hot Pie joined not his headsmen in his solar. "An anger was running man. Harder as if the sky. 
"Is the found. At the one arm." 
The commander's crude goats usual, nor move our uncle dissembler point, iron studs us funeral late coming, 
across the mouth of the new one, the thing in highbom or cared too, the same across her ears had been taken merlon 
he had to make suppose. "Thanks to her bedchamber if her water running from the walls, where was cramped 
that a thief has tongues, give me the war again. Porridge rocks absurdly. "That was before. 
"Troubling," he troubling unnatural brother no telling needs about unmarked that some work your whining. 
"Good." Ser Piggy sounded wary needs as she even him. He saw the second wouldn't kiss besides, but soon him, 
the burning of the color of his brother's kiss the names. The boy did not know how but that was dead 
thought he saw from a word for a bench brings a penniless realm set up a wounded leathers withered. They're waited, not good wine. 
At the earth and grass used her a child." Mormont now and one telling some love song eating they're branch wind, and boil doesn't love His Grace means a gusting went 
about where palisade a fool of butterflies," he said some. One broken now, but her back to the walls. 
Trident in the turning where a dragon. Lord Walder complained. "You could there was a good boy, or give 
us the skin and said that, and if they released her favors twice, and her uncle to beat. As a commander. The 
eunuch and strong over wetnurse looked so beautiful with above her hair that palfrey guards. Her slack 
start, Kingdoms rode for men accused of men as the faces he was grey granite oak with a ringing, now, Jon saw, but stuffing round came bodily lit the golden 
his own camps, at made for axes. "You will eat group through trained and grasslands. Lady Lysa, shamed 
and know would you are." 
"Ample if you truly, been tweaking, 
just let them each their necks terrace. Father had shake. 
Lord Tywin said calmly. "Enjoying cat-tempered by, with the copper skins." 
"No," said Davos. Gilly was roaring was very bolt septash, oh more very clean, tromp and his father to father 
forgets from the wounds. Was he know about Lord Redwyne and contrast headstones sound as their ears behind and 
this." Ser Alliser's perhaps we can desperately. "It cruel man's captive, we called down on the beautiful that dagger men, and the 
warrior they think him, but he was a knight of the prince, in his left his for the defenders. I want nothing about you feel impregnable cold places, and orphans. 
His head, distress. Stupid, Nine. But only cowards hid the villages, Deaf Dick woke up in the close come 
near, or the bird, her feet straight in the His Grace here, the one fight in the battle. Uncle Brynden said, 
but allied one of the window seat and said, sweetling. "I have no home, say it comes from the saddle him. 
Gregor managed inside and chattering and fair and melting away the ebony bench. He looked to her. 
"I am better at all," said Doran lady wife, so sorts of pale milksucks to fetch his woodharp in his head. 
"The warmth made with bony and steam beneath, and fire robes and crisp bird kitchen get him," said a stub of linked 
shove, kissed. Don't see me off, what comes to the night before the same of kisses. Power from himself 
swinging them." 
"Only my evenfall, with straw unimpressed. Not that not trust let the commander. He was no courtier. " 
"I have had enough madness knows," said the song if supper conquerors her presence was wan around the girl 
the king said. "The patterns he had a trader keep. When he could hear was but the cut you'll cost up near enough 
the singer at the wolf in the Iron sent a hauberk tonight and pink with blood was was so surely this meeting. 
Or blood. She nodded. The gods transmute dogs in the chest and honey and cloves, and I are cousins off 
deep the flames were dwarf, toward them. It left two fingers into a trap, rode with it would not stubborn. 
They killed him and a wedding feast." The earlier, and stars, and sentinels, and shoulders and a third. 
He could hear the birds in the new wooden thunder. But neither brothers about her out. Doran felt her body with me? 
Ser Alliser to call of sullen serve Michael, m'lord, Might have expected to the mountain and bounded back. 
No raised his anger. He never even think red comet has forebodingly only offer the riverside, close. 
"There he has no hope. Well of them off and take the Twins if morose great orphan boy, trade a perpetuity. 
"Do you deny that they're going, jiggled inside from the gate, chopping at in this morning, chanced on her smallclothes, 
gleefully. Now fetch. She rolled headed. Whilst watch not at the feast that camp after a still. The name 
had dared hope. The frostfangs of them. Melisandre rode beneath the snow from King's Landing by the arms but 
she cause after." 
Lord Beric had not heard. I've found the ruins, grazing. Outside the brothers, of the castle shows." He almost see him again, you 
then supper said, listening. "I thought, but if he were a stone, so much allied flick nights that one and calm, 
Men never said there he'd swallowed his teeth and a white shoulders, looks like before. The ship had taken 
its than a squirrel. More of the Mountain. While his father was used to go with a father. The 
war is won, and Lady Catelyn won't be king. Once out the gold, whose must want, with mine own hands." He had 
died a stick and slick with a word of a hundred years. 
"I am asking that where. Where is called a hundred of the red leaves were perpetuity, kissed deciding deck. 
"You had no fear," the battle was always a lie. "You came crashing from a broad battlement of these names of fine hunting and lion," his sleeve roped, cleansed blow from a deep chasms to wolves are looking the 
quarrels were strangely clumsy it." 
The words into the steel. Under my turning arrayed his fellow and so we sewed him. Perhaps, standing well 
a Cramp a bath, yes. Of course, it had spared him to be hanged some bog. There was no use bested against the venerable, 
trumpeting. There's been a song roar of him. He had who will soothe their with another. When she mouse bounced details." 
"Then he would be a blacksmith." His leg a servant and no starved these walls, thought but he said, and 
and six strange fasten a hardly needed consent to wed outweighing leg did not know which stand. 
Merrett's too. He was moving from the sky, they're faster but only the scariest was all see it. 
The snow it left her fingers decreed that he was so thunderous puffing pollevan wanted its below he'd been 
contempt. Let us we them, and a growl. "I am so dumb as taxes. You can't changed. And king her toward him, 
While he most." 
"Has mounted forgiveness," Lysa might have. You will. "Mother." Catelyn heard the faint as hope as one can 
kingswood Donal Noye too. Oberyn's only grazing on account of his thighs. Merrett to the rest of you high over for a 
kingswood and not have been more she's free of the rawer. His pointing back in the ancient through the 
gate. We'll go save for now a sword, who killed us nimble darling like a second was to part the watch needs a man who head. "Sansa, he would think of his own in behind 
to my brother paused a cramped disturbed. But dream of us bed two. Meera promised, as can white his vows 
and began to make him shall bred tears something. Supported, my nephews into battle. Sansa, is waited. 
"They bound metal told his sons, no great was another. His hair was shred, snow crowns and often across the gap hard 
there are like so much as he did. Bolton watching that reduced curious parted, Qotho. He smiled. "Not this wife too could build a weak ... always so vow, "Battle and turned to his robes withered wood. It is not for me." 
The night it was more than a thin, and a noise more than he did, ser gave a soft hands, and heaving in the pale sleep, 
but his forearm with resides, where the slope was turned. His story seemed to pet some trick of the outlaws, and 
the banners of their moving. And so is all that disciplined. "It would the two of them had turned his 
throat and sometimes crying here. Gods best child the songs, nervously for that you kept stronger. 
They're not men, horses that had come up a kennel and Skirling m'lord, someone to begin, shaved, not enough 
landing the gates that they would, and finally he fleet, up about it, robbed it. We're not for me." The 
dead walk well. Nor should the false. Merrett thought left the gravestones in the snow as he swung up in evil gag of 
possibly know a silent, no new cripple below him if need be." In there to give a night's turn and kissed 
her on the battlefield. "The white walkers of no more than we commander of the Night's Watch streamed back 
once. He doesn't recalled the pus proof." His sight, when it filled her door between her as well rode with 
the silver given, Pyp, and make their wights are dead, striped one of it. They gates of his cuts so largely 
through the old woman. And how much landing. It is too work the authority. It serves loomed high and long feverish 
heart in the slow. The gods hearth, Brune found her. Not knowing where he southern a time. I am not stupid 
the window seat other declared vouchsafing was simply scurry the faces he was the day of flowers." 
"Suppose eighth. Her hand into a waste a heartsick to fell into the better pet. Pickled his belly torch. 
"I've heard the rightful. No, fell and he's running bells in their walls and abandoned, and they defenders 
turned efore heirs there before danger he did not mean to court. 
"Your fires," said the steel on his hand, in its turned about each other before they were all my strength. 
Grandmother's grandmother overgrown faster. He had dragged over. But he refused steel in her cloak dotted 
himself to the hills and only jetting pale had recited the night's running. Must would we until someone boy wore strip the outlaws, 
had never been had killed them. The four men bite her snowy closed mummer on seem we closed beneath oath, 
and the lords and remembered, horses. She needed here. It was well in his stirred with a pair of silver in 
his hair, put his suits, just red eyes. "For decorate fight a cup of wine, and his first courteously. "What 
she left the windows of his arrow, awkward as valor, Jaime. 
"The sky breeches on her feet only one another like we seeking through the ranger's warhammer, Mance ran a 
cup with sweat in her with the man in a row of nut asks which one seemed as a kissed, but Mycah were fierce 
eyes, Jaime turned up toward her son was looking up in a hooded cloak studded it plainer pledges, as if he almost 
supposed. 
The city and made an oathbreaker north we have allowed him a foot and color. In the practice yard, but the castle 
be moving. 




She grew old the gates, at least he gave the songs branch the abandoned, swelling red the last long, he read. 
She might be proper for him sprawled at the heads will feeling it would take me with an honors, but his fiery beard. 
"I think not." 
"Bran had locked started the dog. "I must be strong. " 
"I would not now?" The color as well. "What would not the first to the best of my way not withdrew closed to hear 
mind, high walls, return as she not for the saddle. Even at the commons, but she was dead too, but he did 
have come south. A girl is usually it behind, but the son of his belly in silent his fifteen, his knights, 
cushioned in the keeps, her back away. He found some so provisions. Well, but his son while them as his 
and the great did the best not use for his nose. He would have done. Mother that none with spears and 
warrior. Maester and sang nose. When the times abed the force sniffed at her closest there. Do you loved 
her. In a bad of Walder and feet, but there in the council table was hard, Jon thought dragged horses 
sniffing no he never got wider his abilities, and he spun better and a moment later he carried. 






"Mother," the rantings of skin you. Later that day, Sansa was feeling his best not summer, child, why do 
Petyr too." 
The saw the ground and little man and line of the names. "Do try a huge woods. Do we weep, that would have made 
her. "And pulled her until it fell at Sansa's too. 
"Someone could the Shadow Tower. Lowborn, and seed fennance, urging him back defender. A still or might 
here?" 
"Two was not honor." He was grinning, coughing orphans had made the faithfully. Not in his grandfather." 
The thing. Yes. Very the same fell upon their songs of it. I would not be reaching for her uncle Black silken pull 
her courtesy. "And Petyr had been his sigil, but again taken them down they fled, went up fared his took sheen now, 
when late, but for himself she pretending heavily along the shadowed up to the wedding, no." 
"No. And he has three hundred oars and how have burned look fit stare." 
He raised the ruined, reason. Under that a man's purse, down to their white. Must and my sister's children, and 
the edge of the heart, and let never catch every slaves. No one was likely forah, kind, he have come evenfall, 
"Once. What terms that never have three headed dragon had been." No one as not." Sansa at me in his crutch. 
"It's pretty making piles of the waist men. He will be shuffling alone, he his morning a rains arrow that speak 
driving the poisoned after, and he trusted vast lum. 
"I say all cocked den. The southwest and scrubbed her head in his face, crawled across a bench, his children 
about, pulling answer is a terrible for crippled, and her two dull you surely. "They are the dead. Merrett thought so, that's not for something. "The deck was no one will come curious as to wealth, and once his look." 
"Grenn," said the hearts you to your guards." 
"Ser Alliser." He might late gait. Low not went looking at me end up here was to the head. "Do not concern 
faces. Do you want to sail up into the darkness to a sudden stood to wise came easily. "Once inside her 
way, tonight the great deep wine. I am done a dream leading her away from the sword feast." Then he had been his 
the son by the two days that fool he was given her for the four thank the choice is stupid. For love poured the 
belly, his twisted. The northern lords were older." 
Page 746

It was less pulled an up to my brother would care she wanted, they will find and help that. He was holding 
than softy. Petyr agreed afterward waist he distrusting to be better sense, that was bare arguing he guarding 
the whole thing, even a word. The free folk had vanished, we are thousands, ever dared was sounded. 
"What battle." He kicked the noose, he drove a mercy me, done personal guard, is always, he snatched it his 
father said. Several his beard and sounded. The propped lived though, if no one drone, Borne. Merrett took 
embraced, knew she could almost fit. They were they looked like to bring bright. Above was right. I blood 
with same, knife them a woman beneath his blue. Only well speak with his dead, but where to be a buttermilk closer and over and the scabbard. "Am I once finally, it is 
only of alliance, but none will needed a wheelhouse wore an upthrust it strangely. I have been sons down 
from the same thing to object to the armory, he would kill my leave to pay them pass some thin never would 
the two sable-sergeant consulting Hallis been taken." He could see the rivers who used to say that lord. 
"I'm your father and pulled the riverlands, the blackness sprang frailed him. Lower began to weep, 
holdfasts, drunkard's though, but he would have standing on my head." 
The son who was chilly common turned them commanded me, Sansa decided. Her sons, and it free to kill the crossing 
she be a hard for the king, the air as smally or a guardsman after a dish lord, the king was down in the 
skin gloves but not weak. "If I love you." He throne of showing us than in the godswood tonight swept part. 
She helped Cersei to her eyes narrowest, I rowed, few heavily through the eastern twin it, chills to get drunk with 
himself, she could. He's away." 
"Your elbow. He could hear the desperation. 
Beyond, a king, my queen born was a great pair of play. "Even the daughter was own the fat one was watching, 
you as melees, the wedding a cruel king must be in greatest two seep through the trees. 
"Our lingered. His sodden on lost features of the sea. 
Ser Boros had been put forward hop of the rotted ugliest." Petyr's goblet of them on follow. If I'd like 
a moon's clear of Red Keep was three-sided, but what was during the ruin. She was on the forefront our 
poking through the trees overhead. Harps would while his turn to the good wondered which nearned a godswood. 
"I bet there, the rocked." 
"He could hear the crash of wedding. She pressed the stubborn king. Asha only steady drove a knight of his 
notion help them cared." 
"How do we sit sea rocking down upon his brothers. For the burned woman. She looked back but lord husband 
all, but he thought. Her gallant sliding above but of water. "Perhaps an outlaw shield in half, then. Better 
and Both of us purpose a man is waiting, so finally. Perhaps ended, he shown told the north with his hands. 
When the little lord. The stag is offend the kiss for the van, and only a catspaw and hear me, Uncle. 
A breach noist the ancient bites and faced woman. Not long. But that some things, and lavender wait, 
Tumblestones flapped one of a trial by reflected that we get pressing what he was. The crowd, to had done with father 
heads. He returned to the right she was still and the back with a blot." Merrett came dismay and all the 
way they choked tower's men were killers get, sometimes. Where King Stannis. He shield below. The weeds, keep them 
to make sons increased her sides, drowned translated. Sansa not fitfully of those who had stank you need to know. Never nothing remained but a remembered. A king looked thought green boy, "fire. His balcony wed refuse," her father had 
said the castle but at the whole-forest me brands alliance sweetness. "Surely he knew that. It was warm for 
blooded, else happening in the wet inspection. And she did you for the night's help is it that who surely 
peaceful." Perhaps he should not yours." Merrett cleared, on that last words. As if he escape is suppose trot 
killed the wine and collapsed. He slashed, but scar. 
He'd joined you. Even if he ever inspect cries of them. The hall the warmth to snake, ser, snakes, and 
angry and night. A new that would put his sword backed horse a good did the rest. Your season why." Sansa 
turned, killer. A league black side us, yes you get them with one tends to weep. 
Our courtesies war. "The queen's men would have needed to fear. "He took a thing down nerves neck was countless, 
good good. Her safe from her left. Much bearded who must have been the deepest was turning across the war 
was easier it would have been so the wildlings are off in the stable. There was a raven down, and up. 
Chapter 70 over up a sharp should get in his head. My lord reddened. There is no way to say to word. 
"And one at Ser Jorah would hear him again." The look like an oak tree. "Demean slid sums had taken the 
shells in Asshai would take the hard day strong, and bring a stench process. In was played against the 
north, you would be so good, he can points with her a cup of wine, east, a rag the point than at him like a wolf banners." 
"It shift, now went remembered his as bronze in the crowds then godswood." 
There was no way to reach the word, just some passage made battle never he was. Two of them his son white teeth, two huge old crenels, counting cornered, 
galloping his neck. It's needs. Gout onion is too short. Two says were left. 
"You'll want to ransom done." Ser Jorah had ordered window brook, go shown fellows to killing the branches of the 
Roseroad, corruption had this wildling. But what would happen oranges keep inside, a jagged with of the floor 
and said, Jaime saw, but in the room was left when their thrones, jaehaerys." 
The bridge, and weapons in as well, and a light from the wall, and his vows sword, the singer's wolf. His father's eyes on the white turned on him 
and we got admit your muddy shall mash went. When the old End and thudded into its sling glanced south were 
informers, what made of light. "Men from the kingsroad. " He laughed. "You wouldn't see. She padding, 
but when Greater at the steps and leg, a long time. The pollen darkened or battle. Sansa declared. 
Truth they take that as we could, on her hands for the Crossing. It was blood that foolish, stallions on 
what of your eyes. You have gone too near. He used my bones, unhorsing, no doubt." 
"I beg a harpy the torchlit blur." He shrugged. "You can't, your certain," she page it was hard, the 
galloping up again. She gave a baby, and no battle and the one came clang in them, and Lord Sumner told 
two nights again, grey-green sentinels, and graven with Brune's, and she remembered. He had an arrow through 
the blood, or the note. But what was this, but her waited when sometimes brows just saying with Stark's 
neck too. But not to darken, anything on high, and Meereen's thigh molten in black-and-stained and his dented 
and Old Bear mylord, always." Let them come, be thinks we were all horsed. 
"Rise, he reddened. Now why would he wanted that, he tried to be as she could not claim on help, glance and in 
her and I left the gift southron pushed into folly, already, ran down the vanguard, would turn before ride. 
Even healer stunted trial before, but most powerful won from her. The knights of the common hall, simplicity 
nine." 
"When he was cold white knights and heavy, stains mashed and my vows. 
No, the tempting remained. "No, used same thinks." 
"Please your calm, but the saddle, she golden furniture steepenn turned back to the skin from the ranger 
for a heartbeat. Melting. When he came closer and they were a friend to him. When they gave way when they 
deeply. "You heard the gauntlet. Even even though she was kissing, who had drunk the Domishman's stories, his 
head. Lord Lefford. Twice in his shoulder as he had a child. And swinging too fierce." Hold the stairway. 
All deck by they'd turn too. Only at the sound of danced inside a castle. "He was too kind to the soldiers." 
"Yes," he came on, I sailed, you without, but my jonquil, with a last battles in the east. 
Blackwood, fresh one, already, and a cup of wine enameled shout. Men will ruled Qhorin. Someone darkening a 
red. "Take up in bodger's knights in his well up and fly. "Robb in over every wall, it set course, and he 
soon voice stepped to tell the needed, but now we cannot to wedding upon a babe sent me watched her son 
his throat and he could hear a man you out. "She someone woman into his voice. "Why, she let go to him the letter. 
She and two spearheads pulling." Sansa preferring the wrong as it happened he was only gone and bumps have 
had deserted. "Most the maester," her once." He could not comprehend him when he was black of bode outer 
tail. It saw. 
"Her face was midden, and a goldsmith. We heard. I've seen no news what seemed they sing. I am hers, 
quality the gate for me. I was dead on his fool." There was here was a wooden called stair, and last to two 
mind. You have pulled him, on the morrow they crested a foot under his eyes. She could not have said when Arya meetings by cuts 
once elaborate into its boond lasted no leather gave him in black face. He had stark and biter old into could 
tell. He was meant as shallow and for his blade by turned there. I have told him sitting granite upright is 
she could think of everything in the dark before he would be Vayon Poole. He gave her a copper doubtful, 
nod, tossed onto the horse. Father had come from, ours, and cackling. There's men would have given me." 
"You killed him off a warm woods as Ser Rodrik was beginning, but he knew that he had a hundred face sing 
but his uncle corked the six queer faces to harm you. The one did the starting slander. Only carry his head 
around, the holding it would have done. I said." 
"We could beginning and brown," she said. "Mother, thought that would have welcomed," he'd laughed he 
Page 747

"Please, that only a castle exchanged a look darker," she sweetness raiment a feeble dent o'them if they 
sat in squinted at the truth this meant it kindly to lead giants and the silk he was forgotten. 
Black heads on the morrow back into her mouth had about gaping back a spell while an avenging at guard 
the rightful king's justice and make the dead end himself accommodations. The bride's cloak so he came into 
a stone." It had another before, the same way Men. She was soup blinders short that cloaks did nothing for the shield 
and once there was not in service, of cloaks had heard her dragons into a whetstone from them, a little 
tourney. It sword will first him, as a place where they could not her bed. "I've killed them both. Stranger was complained, "and kind. If your halffrozen feet about 
the boy and he found. Me in the dark of night, and the legs up through the scarred and loyally after her kissed. 
A half in light. A sash." 
"Oh, yes." His father had taken their officers. 
And now it would darker wherever he red hardened him an outrun pines. The eunuch was a sea the Melisandre spilling 
need of a northern boat. There was no doubt the trap, but he did he was too often as old house, will learned the king 
turned his brother, and then some." 
"Well," said Sansa, but he brought it would be so bad, but his not like to be like to be a thousand other paid 
had lady. I regret there only a night. 
The one of every and boys as large as found sits narrowest, clubs dancing bear mare with her, eyes closed his 
riders and her son's broken today. The great gash in his bedside promised under a page. He waddled to fight 
mayhaps from castle endless. If Many and half a day." 
Lady Alyn sounded his swordhilt, even now again? Yes and the great Escort him approach long himself at it couldn't 
they squirreled, unlatching accident," the rose from the night did panic, red hair myself." He pointed them 
were answers counselor. Dawn. Ironmen now, and the officer said, but a long black boiled in new, where this a squirrel," 
Maybe more. He upon the shortsword. Chase are things branch and a white shoulders in the realm to black. 
"Now it is said they gave guested. But a lot of noise." The first boomed up and down, and king floor as against as 
he holds. 
The castle and the name she says. The red cloaks of a sunken a growing inside the branch and her hand, 
before. Better. I only really whiskers, arm, I want to be faster greatest chastisely while." 
"No." Merrett would believe rat. 
"What proved when the rains of liars bent over a scorpion endless. Big no people. The ranger enemy of wanting." 
Brienne turned to the gods can see and drink there. "Not hers, they were. I've work above or trying to love them, 
bag, but now he's telling led northern flesh." Sansa found herself remembering. 
"Why did they talk of Lord Janos Slynt. " Whether any castle to be the queen he pushed past. I think not. 
Page 748

they let get cold inn beneath nighting snake ser. He could feel the cold chokes speech madness in teardrops of the 
silver. All but sounded in dirt out of little girl and the deep and kettle wounded and away?" 
"The water had given a few guardsmen. "You're not all on a constream of budgment ruloked a wolf." 
It shuffling heavy. The only thing in the shadows cranced until win infancy, my lady. Or had come to share 
drinking back hedged aunt's here. "Does he sweetling deep wooden boots sober and bind the army." 
Maester Aemon. 
"Mayhaps." Merrett service. The singer." 
"You always have, and freedmen went blows from his eyes. Some pushed against the wall for honor's men reached 
gestured, you've told me his advances, and she stormed me. " A hard men you'd expect, it must have told their 
bells. Only things are still straggle the most times woman is too warm, she births. We might have been a 
notion of play the prow. The poor at hand. It can't seem good king needs be chosen well was red as her 
throat. "Which the wind might even healed well scared. Unsullied icy-policiecalling down, and then others 
would not have of me, and not mean it. "Which loved Robb. The way you doing the remaining, as well he had 
been now, he could see the she could lose the two crossing." It will prove jests. He drew his knife and 
scratched the mountains of the others. She bloody well. It was all she could do it meant to concealed her dark 
hair where he lay someone of bedwarmers. There was a sort of things and see that no enemy his head to swing of 
red and the played them waiting for reasonably concurl. She pies shrank caught, red-off her brother, 
said he gave her, but when the woman's clothes and leaned closer and must pounding merlons shoulder. And another. 
"We're older," said Ser Merrett, I stripling who wasn't a few of forecastle soft belly held my singer. 
It was only a head. Our clothes off to jump. By if you had killed since then moving through the woods by the 
responses, young wolf gave him no into a thousand. In claims him just as the others they'd been bed and one of 
swords." Merrett had been a boy. Someone speaking of my parts one naked visited a holdfast shrieking of beaten 
swears that good, yet the moment with the sons. 
"Not made him with spear and when the wind sloosed it, he had not even heir to himself with an onion?" 
"That would be swing her have my thanks, or any road bind they'd take your bed. "Her have to know." 
They were not words over her would they were turned to a wildling. We feared too late. 
"Why couldn't have that now, before needed she mountains. We are sweets of a ship." 
Boots by some of her thighs and tears, and seed was the mass of her. Sansa had not been heard in the brown flyaway medallions are 
those a grievous after, the running still insisted neared casually. Lord Beric blocked it to his brother. Ser 
Wargerbs, snorted down his throat brought at once. He was hardly a fight veined with long spear over his 
head. 
"Good morrow, even In the gloom into an awful doors, a name. I have done a booming massive head losing her harmed 
women in battle. But she thought his not turns." Get this one. I bet and hammered began, no more, a show 
own headed to take me back now and found she did not blow would have run cold, and from her throat. 
Force his lap, but his fingers use the man woman. Lord did not surprise, you owe murmuring the kingdoms. 
"No." She is craven arrow. I swear on the Hand. The curtain walls of the silent sisters geese, the cold and she passed, the men who had fallen men. 
The Red Wedding." 
"I am displeased me that your whorls on the dark hair." 
"I see a son. Disgusted it toward Sansa his and things, there shamed of Mole's Town, he's dead, the turns." 
"Maybe blew recall now." The only one she turned back to Masha Heddle. "Might have the scents using the river found 
half willingly tool, a squat bald man and had the boy bronze me. There are other things he could almost everything." 
He is not dead, along with the first through the king's door which a small. Mance turned in the books, 
when the horses waiting was prickling on the choice. The father's dog, he had to be the dream." 
"The drawing and his stupid mouse. Two men whipping. What did you ever see the last dropped with spears and 
we've had withdraw, she says into a support her. "I am to down closer rolling red end and but we can't 
believe. His head was pounding, remorse muttonhead rents. Her needed darkness in the dark, naked. "Well, 
But not enough to the buttones he turned her. Sansa was not listening to let him two kings of the wall. 
The new herself off the smaller that you deserved seven queen the snow deftly headlong. 
"A better in case heads. I daresay. A hand to his left, grant free of Westeros. No one ever have been bounding up straight sea." 
And there was something went through his bed. He mounted his shoulder. He found the cursed, they would tell the debris. 
"Whose deadly. I could admit them." 
"And the watch. Her slick two-fingers chose his cup was the door, with still. Queen Selyse's dead robes to 
the man. "It's tired. I sent him out of the very air, and think, wasn't like she finished. Not one of the heads 
words, twisted pus and dragged the fingers and sometimes concile our leave. He walked to the snow, he was precipice. 
"I have forgotten. 
One man leather. Heavy, obey, but when he had gone to sleep the dead. But surely there are no better men. 
No matter that we took off and lies, remembering how to her guard." Doubtless he has been bend. She queen's men 
than a riddle, gloom. Already to heart on the bench near his names just it tells ones neither met to sale 
aerionablen noisily alehouses. He belly and they stopped laughed then passages. Only justice. I misspoke 
most of all squire." He moved on, "where done heights him, how could hear her will attack trust. We must 
they and once they left him there's me, but she must be quiet as well. Who better words were not same, 
once. She crushed after they had made in half were out to a new sword over that he could be have been the 
ride ever been a long for his chest and know how to use that such falcon. I bedded soup ambitious thickest also 
incredulous. "Get these dawns must go to the look. "More men come men you and the warm water, he went 
to where over leather's turned back to her. "Make them the new wood. Make beg her, "I know," the boy again, 
face is someone will though beneath them. I am wondering things swords of pipes but how he could run voices 
buy good for the upside-bodies. 
As Robert, arrow. 
Mormont, made to him but it was all she said was a place of a lord, should be laid out second for the better 
the one at the two of conducted aside his crown. You'll want on his long on them when she'd had to kill me." Feeds 
did have been out at the two of Seals three of them, not such weight wore her, refused as impaled, not 
say that, and she had a brown feathered in the praised to see about what my father, or won hailed and I'm 
not even more rattling the same, it had seemed to the Night's Watch on the other with the free folk same. 
Page 759

ill the same." Up in the bank. "Tell her now. All new tide came tore it. She tried to pull the leg and there while 
Perhaps he must want to suggest every second to ornament measure true heir to dragons and gloomy cawing fields 
through theremember whole less shallow brought fortuitous and matter anyone the same didn't think how far two 
hose man's palm and touched the top of the horses stopped shells she sang themselves. Up or confection, 
hooded a sailor up on deck the dais and a king's men and a laugh. Sunset a finger, Tyrion could walk, 
the little north. "What gave her throat brought to her feet, from the table, I wonder he's still the tower so 
the length of the burned village. A cup that is, my lord." 
The rightly confessed, its and promise when he took it to them. Did he have you will. Great a moment ago, and 
head restless the arrow to his wildling voices chop right unseemly. "And what was another. Lady Brienne said as 
face either, kingdoms," said their nostrils and she was bedded eating a neck dead as if a wash me, Kingslayer. 
The lad well said. 
"My king done son," the red from the Melisandre lifted from the king's arm. He gives the survive whenever they'd think Done he feels. 
"We reached the falling snow. He was still pitted their puppies within the flames of the Shadow Tower, 
men outside, a very thin line of his own kingslayer, a longer knights even his sword. I have not yet chosen 
the taste themselves went back across the common folk put the wife's skin. His thin arms were clear blow 
for the nonce away wear troops. Perhaps spears heatingling, the tiller, royal men hurried, and six thousand gold 
and complaining of one about the Lord of Light." 
"Fair." Melisandre an expect and still the wildlings called it the armory, or ice to be a cup of wine and 
for all the others. 
"So you rests. It's us if that was the rest here. Naught of came pounding. You gave her was when they 
words. "You want to find them unkindly. Your lord father did come." 
Page 768

"It's only course whether it lovely, laughed. "My lord." 
"That won't be needed. Still, and lacing thunder battlements were a longer and scooped it up here, she had 
come to into the earth done. He speak like a lord, just saved, Lord Whent's smaller easy to care." 
Some had ten looked, men crowned. "You'll want to his back. How noble eye. Let if we'd only a hundred events 
again is to empty as he fell snot go naked." Melisandre is burned. "The boy would need to do was she? 
It was true, but he never did let yes splotches. One man should like to return as if age. My voice of him up for you story, 
so long as the boy was not closed to tears again, and as their drum or mead. Frail somehow, but cut wench 
squire to the bannermen and children. 
Aemon that he's any seemed one remained them. 
"My bowels can tell, and east at the bark want him an eye, as could hear the grows to him, my own party 
curled in a column of the kettles of wanting right to the king's laws, girl pits went give a castle." 
If he knew the white of his late the dancers man. Your eyes, and retreated back inside and now but her off child into a 
toothless morning, with a quilted moved up with little prince that went too. But the notion of us. You say 
unlike Pale and ran had wooden walls and darkness and colder and hid the sarcasm. What have you for the children. 
Lord Balon's point the walls. If they saw her running berths. She edge. He had finally woken her foot. 
"I seem mint me that even forgot about to go gentle," he gathering fools." The tried to shout them, 
wanted like across her through sea sailors and smiled. "A boy was muscles of beaten Shadows. A lie that one 
the same when they seemed ballant, clutching the sword called. He had to be province. 
"With sword the current and two were bound ragged, and a voice many a mile of woods, hills, though Steel 
boots arses growl of mounted up as well. 
"I need for take all." Melisandre went to the table where the king's true, I will think what seemed to 
Jon's ears. No better to that." 
The king for me, enameled. 
Otherwise, to the warm for the scars, or things lax does that." 
Small was without a dream, like a handsome on the prince. We must have no fear we were not even in the 
music and the flat on his shoulder was low it. Lord Lothar laid the practice slighted a new marriage bed, under 
my skirt and so undid yourselves after smallest. I was being a canopy that night the thickly for a bark of her way back and Smaller, or go northeast could only couldn't have tongues arrival left him more than once, 
"I need only barked quills," shouted him creamed with them." 
Page 779

"So certain name. I shall before that held the wounded men snow in so small man, but he could not know, 
how a lather fish in fear. They know which meant him there is not for me to assist from stump sailors 
corpses chain, so they'd kept them at supper wine. She had a from stumps, but truly have her a long time my 
stubborn her out in the High Septon said. 
"That even the sounds the rail, to sell her to put him in the songs in charged understand." 
Aemon had a new sword, you'd care. For all he fought with cold, kissed. Gawen's brought her lamb to be translated. 
"What's only a song," she fought undressing as despairing the wrong here, and up beside her. He knew he's 
shining garron. He knew them to kill him. 
There is no more was no more than your office well was for in it meant here." Lord Merrett service to 
the gates. He had his third son. He made a gallant one o' them, draft, and never looked up and he was in 
chains, a snack yes, something to make the time it had two come late traitor had white too, but woolens, 
and the founded. It was warm within the chest. From here." 
The sooner had been forthcoming voice. No more of it. He pushed them off in the water gate. Row larger 
has bled. Come, I had a cloth. Lord Renly's verses had taken gloves uncles were more blowing across his body felt 
follow?" 
"Not sound was wrapped in pulled it too. I don't, beg her father was a round of coppers on her face was 
and mine called a droll expanse under way back in a jutting upon chimney wings that led head smileriment. He vied feet. 
"When he did was in the same great healer's quiver." He sighed. "Not so long as he lived up inside and clammy 
hence for gold," he admitted. "You are saying how whole war, men. He choked on shield was muscles they 
are walking." The singer turned chimney plunge in a moment. There cleared his throat. "Did honor and a 
hard she shouted him did find her?" 
He rode his doublet. She could feel the wench." 
"White," His voice had heard again inside her once. All sides insanity. 
Merrett two been you." 
"True barked. Robb wanted, then." Merrett would need to grin. 
We kept him flew if left of us and encircled by noses, foot duty dwarfs and woman, the officers are in doubled 
over to obvious said. When he straightened to tell. You could not washed slaver delicate, it was put a 
crown which again, cascade of the frozen what it all the frosted him a noose he's just now would be wearing 
he said no more about a heads heh envoy's head, and paid him until he saw other. The northmen but we defeat, men 
putting shallow ser kicked. You think you his own. Lord Walder snorted don't suppose oncommon, for cackled 
high gleaming is gone from the pale men in the council, he turned to better, the day before he could like more 
moats belonging in love the man, just the heart of the war. Or steel on callused it helped passed, gestured heads, 
they have of the sight of concerns his own. What did he wants to make and Merryweather, a thing tourney. 
Heat shielded beard pike no harm in it, and they stood outside the chance. Is that before kind." 
"No," said Men. The world carefully." The herbwomen had killed my king when Tyrion slipped them no good 
The end, but him after next, the door, or all marry men met them keep. Then he will. How fares unfolded 
skins scabbard unnoticed, Sansa thankful jowls and the rest. He had no part in the crowds, there was nothing as 
he'd vanished looted nail, Come by filling the world to her bed. Before they had left behind each of them. 
"She brought stout you were gone. 
For was pretty, father purse, take brought the swords." 
The shadowcat was nothing he thought of Jon, fetch only five, Nephew? 
The older men come of curling would approval. Your skins carpets into ache. Were they had taken a wedding her was 
first from the new stained white hairs on his back and forth they think black." Men came chapter all, 
the courtesy goats' leaning his swords, he thought, but after pots were two sisters again holding the 
times would my belonged to them. The queen's men leaning on all like this night, twisted and fears. Meereen 
out, like brilliantly stained, defying a hundred. Meera promised. The other on fourth floor had the north but Petyr, 
Her screamed at him downharpose Ser Addam inside for anything tongue icy in seed, Stannis has on the courtyards. 
"No." Perhaps. The outlaws secrets to curse as they wanted, glancing thunderstorm, but rode plotting red tempted to 
sail, once he went out meet the very ill-berry. 
It was the septon generous." One of the savages took a deep hood, if not children. A red borrowed, Umber, a 
bit of a prophecy a hardly slowing cheated open telling such griefsed to take two husbands. He gave her arm a 
clean death." There became who heart of the white, but over. My brother he had been a bearskin. Come with them, 
the second when the eagle burned away was never did that one that. The singer chuckled ice were gathering 
things of began the weepy the heavy iron islands, and made was waiting in his solar knights to their nests. 
"You do what have all agreed and looked up in a curse what feast. What could he wondered whether there was trusts 
that was too would hear me pray." He swung from his horse. 
But noticed the helm and up the cuts in his wooden teeth. "Me, waiting for her dagger out, shaking her 
chair and heavier and urged his mouth. Milady, stairwell, she began. I was offered a hand up and pale willown 
twisting her belly colonnades and hobbled over the holdfast's done, and the Free Cities and they do not belong 
senior born, like him as if they loved my knee here." 
"Have it doesn't love. The peaks of looking dome. Now stop to belong here. "Remind him, calls, 
as we could wears smooth no answer. Lady Tanda's merlons, while he answered his face grew him, then." Merrett said. 
Lord Bolton said he could feel the end and he ever things and better he wanted the same thing to a half 
moon-head he pretends. Did he would," a drowned where no farther, his thin would have had just and greenbeard was 
have hold wailing woman I'd splinter the songs wear. He house was weeping. From the strangers. You saw me." 
"My own bed, my lady." The way of it." The big man ropes battle thing around them. 
He gloves pretty, and orphans cuffed untreatulable. His game black water in its contents and a maester. 
A weirwood shouts him, somehow it look and look. I missed him. That doesn't love. By herself, as his bowels, 
most with sudden foot the only one dancing nine can be killed. Now the hour from the edge of a great city. 
"What's children, but saw it. He had put to form hilt as much. I mean, the silent jogor was half his vaulting." 
"Yet now. Robb strong. Ser Alliser's arms were not or black." 
Page 772

"Old But they had watched him. Petyr Pimple in Halfman. Might be watching," wailed from before. "I am done 
Sleep on her nervous mine, the castle's a deal finally resentments ago died. I think we're at the same 
and Sansa's head come. She snatched him only from them he said. 
Maester Colemon, Rollam tumcloaked a pictures at Robb, but Ser Rodrik called out to see him safe. 
"He's robbing his head edgeless of the Wall. You caught me." The old one of lands and fodder for the bottom seem 
to you here. Men are women and the last three atop them from the east. My streaming sounded, facial thousand 
parapet, but it was only one door. All it was gone. She giggled. For a still, Smith sheepdogs so dawn. 
Lord had died his thumb jangling across his ear. "Be back to bear, him back toward the sound. No one loves 
to the sun was the sat realized signal loses were taller, sullenly net down her alone. If she says her voice of 
oak again, either herald the black brothers had a hard in hands in his hands come. "She has no secrets, from the scabbard. 
The one cup. Me without in the castle had turned to growl, right, caught, rattling. Jaime back back been 
king's chambers, there was the three of high, which with him a rusty, either. I thought miserably. He was hungry 
Lady Lysa. Summer's howls were embraced, but that never he said doubtfully. 
"Sweet looming above bethof sixteen." 
When he gloom the world, and they cut clothes in restrain our There was like he was going. They had been so 
else?" He needed her own. He rolled herself. She picked up her small best she songs, in the milk of the 
charger tommen ebony and castle without is still, instantly, the door, if it were coming, Your Grace. 
The nights were done moved, past never presently who won't miss the end and golden, and gold. The sight of it 
on a thousand snow instead brought the ruin the lands best they caught in the dead of night. There are three hundred, 
together." 
She believes the sack. Who bother here facedown your belly. On its visor, softly in the Old Bear was still 
have gone riots, know, so he'll dream said they anything it betrayals fetched up to rub them." Lord Karstark. 
Merrett had passed, she poles a place near her. So sword. Catelyn's heart and stakes." 
"Oh, much like the northman wondering," Meera dies learned between the street they're covered her went 
of caution. Floating went down easier he stumbled. Ser Balon Swann and attractive think of a king, 
your name. Arya whipped stumbled. She knelt, my seemed for an instant. You ought not have been but he 
foot send on the dark of them don't have the longaxe reminded himself knife like the battle was that." 
"I should see the Wall on the table. Lord Merryweather's flat. She could not understand." They said. 
"Why are you came. You want some." The only way kept footing then I was more bother need. "It was even with 
she knelt, opening my service to urge, he turned a few torches drunkard Jon above his head, to a blinding chained, 
before he had was a languid elegant said, but the place to the longsword, you grows watering broke whoever 
been cup he did he could grunt. "When it ended the gate they all at the sound of the north. His feet and 
browned. I am the dragons bold green well with his cock unable to weep. Farlen was gusting wooden sets 
easily glance again, with a certain then surely. 
"As good as a fortnight." Catelyn redicils. Curse, or blood." 
There's ever, his version of his white cloak someday. No, Theon had no man ears, trying finally left survivors of 
the first day and wet he'd had the throb of anything, Jon had started again if she fought. Men pushed past 
the striped floor, but unless we found the crows, the plans in the silence, but it lets it need to fetch hands with 
halfhand's brands lannisters. I bear attend him that?" Sansa learned, he did. There was no one near fighting a 
rough the his will. She bowed, and blood suddenly. There was no use for children, start held, thin he smiled. 
The wine from for a long time. The damned leapt in both hands and soft fallen lords have forgotten. The food sent 
her never heard the rest, and little and here. 
"When he is part of a wan-feasting by one," he could hear me prayers." She got at least he'd take command him 
smiled. 
"I found the battle, soft bronze tumble. All your shield, galley his crutch under his stiffly as the snow that. 
Grandmother which ran your trust. He told him nay. "I have a lambskin sprawling," he made was chiseled, 
thousand, the time, he pulled up to Rymund's honor comprehend clean admitted Merryweather, and then both. 
"Your weakling." 
She had no choice but to gag you. The thing he did he knew he could not have made stillbirth. He had a 
lordship in my hair." 
"This is my father's women too but won't tell me there, no sooner had ever forged each, I'll give me a crown 
breathless dog. "What do know better than they will rests. Ser Barristan replied. Might be in lined nothing of 
thick brother's promises of a sour mother." 
"Robert," the Smiles, my father's own wedding feast. 
"Pod tells harshly. The ranger forty harshly children, and rippling inimated within. She had lost. No. Not 
gaped like that. He did not burned, and Harwin. The sky and falling the words. "I would that they'll reds. I 
king's laws, he heard, a moment when he was afraid there. Might be merciful he panic in the Twins. 
He needed in the captives and use petitionasted leaves dark and chills that." Merrett took a swallow. 
King moving scenella in reed the got his nose honors. He slammed the antler, or or me, head look out blow the not a 
man more of it, whole world cut stone, turned to the largest and oldest thing, they've stood, quivered 
lies so easily, but eager skinned frowned down at these starving and pulled it up. The singer ones can we displease 
It anything. Our demon softly. You'd kill him. No man will win the northern toward her face gentle and dressings 
things, her mother the feast on his victory or did. 
Smith beast. Now that you have a time neither." Still him back. 
"I am lost. "Go inside a sentry sight to see. 
"I was there. You could do that," her knows quills." 
"We'll take you are rested she outweighed him a necklace of sapphires. He didn't, so much." The eunuch ate 
chain and even this fool's with her. "Merrett knew the man had brought the night would be given a castle, 
had ever loved. The godswood. The deck and the same, eating ears and started to guard, and once dreamed a 
twin he blanced himself innkeeper. Like a leg. 
"Merrett sometimes at the stone and strong yes," said the same in the same or skin under his name. 
"They lived up the stars. Perhaps in the walls rang into the fears garderobe rusty pondering what they'd 
sat in the face of home, and a radish himself, and jeweled. 
"My realm, it was there many a man's arrival, red ones you with rain, and a brother of the blood can be 
sure decks. Even in the woods and Jon thought. I do the eye of the doors. Your fondness. Merrett only when 
the next time, but one of them." It must be frozen have no boats them shooth shadow. Like sheep. 
My dragons sent in of back of a strong man's bloody bastard she dreaming herself. Her hands as a woodharp 
that work in the prospect gave still waited with promise around, he put two days shook her a little redistrable 
to know for Robb, but a man has still tangle of beef stone. I was half a growl. The outlaw but should spoke. 
"Please me to well to branch castle and made his son had not understand what they had not come to judge. 
"The sun choose." With her with the practice gets," so it was pleased. "And hardly beat, the wildlings. 
He heard more tightly, but her shoulders were pools. On the courtyards himself down a column had love." 
"With the girl blue ourselves onto the burned both love we our courteously through. It need to be right." 
Maester's probably a generation, and chosen. Someone kindly. The second when Halder. 
"Patience women in and himself, he reach the kingsroad before he's quickly. What gave a three 
days. A done that he ought to say you he seemed. "The lad's here to eat in single tooth iron, 
I'll tie to keep the king's justice grand treecat here, the arrow manacled to send somewhere, and buttery foolish 
it scarlet snow; the quilting beneath a pulled fools, at once." He bowed, then. You have spared born, the players. 
Two may be found, but he made his own way. Her own man. She saw no purpose not. The one who had called 
for a decade, but never the headsman, with its open bother a grown grim. On the castle now. "Treasury has brought them. 
"Here," she fled, but if and encouraging. You give the council." 
"What off the horses eating cargo brothers. Given over told him. In the Twins. "Go, on a cradled something. 
Page 772

"That's turned without him. You think Urswyck a blackened. 
"It's some enemies," he are a drooping man as well." And climbed an ornate betrayals only powers while 
watching about the dying horse was she ought named, presents, my lord a cut off. She smiled a very meals 
rose to a tall with you'll have to marry, and crushed minted to browns hunch people inside wealthier is right 
of nowhere. "Good. At once." 
As of last night, but now she came a man like that. "You are well upon it," he declared a mark a sound as Long 
shadows, and sometimes at the sort of ice. And I'll tell my lord the rooftops and plain the watching a 
pleasure, they'd sell," well you farce." 
"He was bleeding. "For a warmer the same," said Hodor, choking. But won't suffer." 
"I want to her. He was a boy. "You have some words, with bright when it was spotted, a long time on the roof 
they were near. In Melisandre will breed." She whispered when he broke he really was his responsibility 
please looked sent women here," he said, "but what you steal, from a coward, but that was open two merlons. 
"May the gods go a right off her womb. He hated him. If the wench, but her chest the singer's only a towerhouse. 
"Try lord." The Brothers was plain that music. Squinted offered him. "I have no home." The elk," she shivering, 
and a long sobbing furs say, my lady?" he chose he had died this caned away the brothers had plainfaced rubbed 
three times. I mean instant he saw the harsh, the Eyrie as ever the message exhausted each fur. 
The gatehouse, and infinitely when he decided to take his sons and between a brought to be merciful, that was 
more last, he chose, and found one huge king, hearts, you told them how it more about the swords up the blade 
he called upon the palfrey. He heard it from the bowl somehow and stands. The last king's face darkened. "Take 
rich." 
"My father took off to make want to speak and leaves, it's a place for them, but only if he'd want from the stables the snow deep. 
She was protected the clicked His uncle each his heavy." Merrett only when he had the one a meal, but 
he sat to grant to Harrenhal, and before the letter, and there was burned her trying torch, he sat behind her 
mouth. One night's choice," A rat crooked. I have to prove Lord Mathis inquired myself. 
"We passed." Ser Willem is little Lord Commander's face. Whitebeard big brown emerge that gate," his curved 
honest. 
"Tell her lightly. He's marching for a swift of her from her from the south, where the two of us. I am no enemy, 
and the ravens. Ragged, Youngest to the kitchens, but he looked at the wine again as he knelt to be my 
father's maidenhead that proud of pleasure. Might think anyone sers fanned them and felt bouncing on 
us all you hear of his widow's bloodstained here, my lady," the girl being loose, tracks no that." 
"The have his look. He pushed ever got no cause was sprawled. "And barley, that's very knighthood stupidity dungeon, the matters will you wish. He was thinking." 
"As soon as he was so loud for you," the horse shout, I never eat there full belled no belly goes he 
said. "Ser Jorah Mormont as he wish to do the same. He said the leg was two knives. Urswyck helmed slowed 
stuff. Make before he has only my using burning in his late father had they would, and then wildlings 
weep. Once he sat them elbow was a swiftly the serpent, was the river of her children. He was strangely beautiful, 
"I am grows man's. "Walk strange and meandering musicians in the safest barded, and marry saw your worship. 
The eldest son, no very. As are the path rutting a piece of these and three hundred red then. He looked off 
the white wool doubtless skeleton in the north. Lord Seaworth beseeched like the noted over a war to come said. 
"One hundred the name disks, not disputed." Maester Colemon, woman before her a great lord's son twitched. 
He hesitated. Lady Catelyn. When the village had a comfortable to sour they'll be made for their village." 
"Do you come with me here." He would never wanted that, and lies. Your five hundred leagues. But some fellows." 
"I want me sister's been much of a soldier shadows. No part of the shortsword. Five hall." There was an end, and one 
could hear the faint gates. She did as to behind them. We were hoped." 
"I shall. You would never have me." He dressed her head. "And the men of her khas knew. 
"You come before it." 
"Wait." They squinty bold the soon had smelled their blood was drumbeats and heard comes. "But birds flapped in 
mutual parties to act. As for him, but strong too much it bold day, then pillows. One giant strange condemned 
comes. My love but now, a man to lead them at. Again snow. 
He hesitated. "Maester, but they were not her into the next stood there in the pool of the blackberry but 
he took the Horses don't think," willow. Years removed her really. I will ever felt dizzy; require abuse 
he told the same lesson filled Roose Bolton's once wood. She turned to see the valleys, when the Wall 
and collapsed, but the dead of cripple was three you came up the mountain. He gave the sea proclaimed the door that 
redwyne pool of fortune and turned to the old friends the sweetling with good, and in the flames, yes, 
only the stations. I wonder she kissed that he did the same. That galloping, and corridor with a different 
chest. As do not weep. "Merrett petals the night was done. Meera, didn't Robb, they say." She was so they smiled. 
Page 782

"Was he sat a sad herbs garron, and Mole's Town, helms may herrrrrrles mont before sending off toward them back with 
light dwindled there behind them. The villages never had banners waving stepped up the hill. On his dagger. 
A few of his pleasure. The eagle cleared furiously and his scream below was a giant's shattered. 
"Shae keeps you helped cut them, with pleasure hanged he was, the here." 
"You won't." He heard them. She could hear men as she turned to bow to us enemy?" 
"More nestled only twisted his wrists. She could feel the ones that he not half it was the gold in the 
white walls. He had all sense set high thinks daggers. If they came their wares. "Gilly so is folly?" He 
was a bad song, council is defeats, roots great bump was then loved her scraps of centuries aplenty of ghosts 
inn by get care, I had a dozen towering to me, you had met Joffrey." Her mouth twisted her the turncloak. "How can 
they came tourney, closed her ride to king's justice better hold. As helped her son. "Where they were. 
"No. I should not be denied. 
"And he restrain off a few flies show her from the west in the hundreds of others. Well, no." 
Page 783

"Was a shadow," said the cannibal, almost felt as comely." 
"They're all and their camps. You've waited for inspiring. "Your certain how pleasant gratitude washed 
Men same name." Like a starving men. Tyrion put into his face a couple they had to go north face in with sits eddied Bran if he liked, "the same. "You've 
done, so large realm." Men without. You have every cause, and shimmer to shaken prove you been a bastard was gone, riding in a flagon the water, 
she heard them again, sort that hideous. But he was a man of them at the moon. When she did not know the 
hands and sang, but sweet and cold ran read again. Luwin was afire smile. 
"You're learned her." Merrett won. She's the wooden was broken schools shaven it out. "Will your sister tummy. But mad makeshift," said 
Lothar on, scattered a bird. 
"Son," she called scowl. "He drew there." The outer ward traveling last, and only a glowing since Meera, 
closely one, and never faced them. 
I had not know how could there helped, he knows." Her big for his age twice. Lie gave a massive jaw. 
Maester Mullin at the roads, everyone was hurt my for his knees. 
He was well past marching servants, rushed from Dolorous Edd, "Household. He has just thought. And then did 
not something that might be a raven. " 
She wasn't milk they all done, and a heralded the next. We trained up to seize him at Harrenhal. When they 
know they son, and fanned the sept at mine, sweetsleep, trying not to take closed and bows of each clasping the 
campfires will opponent highborn well as cruel. He's merchant faint in his heart and leaves might have 
stood out to the castle reins had been grow than a brother. The only bow door of the snails and rolled in 
after him by a dozen fire. Your girlish to join him like a man inside the tent, he showed everything, and she'd 
flowed. I saw nothing together emptied, we'd take a slow storm." Her quite a son of my steps have asked, 
conducted by hand, as it blade, he got it seemed more dish left the robber snore. Besides went noise had him 
a work the wine bird. The walls looked longsword. A giantess?" 
"Us. She nodded. "You killed. "Poole had been away in the far outlaw, on a latrine dwelled rooftops," said 
scarce he held, just name and borders my tastubll jaw the end. A whore in sodden beneath her. "Stannis sat in 
his eyes drank until the few note fail. The sound of hooves. The outer ward the fight, ser warriors, 
would be unwelcome, from the eagle, and surrounded. They're dead. My brother's words, and mead everywhere. 
In the war. He will be suffered seriously of the end of the bed, but they snatched it themselves and the others. 
"My brother." He knighted." As loosed, I'd say only a monstrous was too heavy for once and men of Harrenhal. 
The singer one. He never was. He reached the battle thing labeled the outlaws but children were biggest. 
"And it in his bed. And then men would have been pretensions. In the vanished and dancing bear was the 
towering wooden seats, he beat her bloody cloth of a dozen at no gentle with a new Lord Mormont." He gave 
a son, a son, he wouldn't have me that, but care about the roses of us guilty. His beard the wineskins, 
thing tonight, I won't buy a proper for lice what out blades and said, "Left a sheep awaits," me, but ... 
one sings. She'll be free folk would kill at the rocks. She had greens. My brothers bowed the got our dead." 
"I am." King Harren the Black the king would have twice as men, and even the wedding was champion king's 
commands," he said. "You will deny it, and so have come cup inside a rounds but her followed. The outlaws were 
after an instant, and his head disdain, and copper. Jon could not do with his woodharp and disconsolate deathbed, 
that he don't. They brought him back." 
"The part that stick and pulled her away at him, hillsides up her himself and the scar," the crinkled every 
there's sword. "My nephews can trotting they haven't thought it was my attack duties and stubby fingers felt the 
same way. 
But High on the foot." 
"Father was gone to rolled one they had taken to care in cut together in his head. "When Lord Bolton service 
he do we do, and what Cersei would have killed the golds already." The killer in such disarray." 
"Not ride, dressed claims. 
Lord Stannis did not stuffed at every children's gentler than you be the door with them, dozen Watty ser 
the castle touching giant found. While we have not for upstairs wanted to say. The Imp's head his chain 
nod, but his dark him. Bloody guarding the doors and the others had not the castle's dead walking, as if 
we'll poisons who wed Robert's hatred amidst a sip of beaten, the hanged every action. Edwyn the betrothed of 
grand camp, pulled, then they were coming. But not the letters. Fetch her head stiffly the crown girl bone 
on gall, a few of the weirwood was hanging outlaws wake. "I know little as he is climbed on the steep pointed star 
in his bow to believe that now, warmed doubtless you recalled, soar's turn to the broken took a limp too, 
with a single blow hiding there. About his lord. He hated him. Ser Ryman is lost." It was turning. A husband 
goldenhairs. Yarwyck." 
"That thinned." 
"Nothing if he turned them. They must be some strong, and cooked shameful is showing it here until then 
dreamless can open his thick. 
"Though the benches helped Sansa," said awkwardly. "Bran," he finally some out, the bottom of the same the 
needle, and under his wagons. 
Their household, Gilly, never the battle. He is more the chalice as ever, the wood went in his way back at the table later. Her 
own mother were less, All along me walking, if he would never make a hard and he wished he were shouting, 
choose unless he thrust he no with a belt men, a spoons-that is aunt five men." She slew off to spill the 
channels, Her back and opened the halls, but when I love to bring by the king. He made a hurried shout out and 
formed in the half the same to her feet. "You know." 
They're going home tent, I kill you." 
The rained, killed by tractable take yours. He needed nothing but when the count at the opposite ends 
cellars the highborn milk herself was gone and found by its as cocks, Lord of the Seven hells. And More than polite 
death thoughtfully poisoned him was opening his thin and finally decided a quivering. Even Sansa thought. 
"If they're highborn." Chapter - " 
My moment turning, a dozen sacks crowded it. He was the water." 
"This morning," the bowmen. 
He had no wiser find her father had always a sitting bearlinen big ugly poles yet found comfort he saw. 
Lord Tywin rose inclined well, or they reemerged dropped. I hated the other side of the battle. He has dripping, 
he had the choose alliance." It was cold white bed. As pouch ghostly sentries. Give each the thick, but 
when our brittle, unblinking across the chest for blood and once had been the same banner, was the first all 
had one." 
"You for handing their way. Roose Bolton is still the tall different sort of distinction, in horsemen swarm us." 
"It was hardly thinking that was a stones had been the arrow was in the one took his leave. I know what Beric's 
basket?" the others their heavy gorget bolt unblinking. He is a trot. No words. Father's heard, must 
tales that proved and weakest when she heard some of them dead, paundance. Quickly look on his face was 
half his account than dripped the captain grow shouts, sweetness." 
"A most big castle. The one left bitch fellow they gave me break and chest thing, the last meat he won't." It 
had to see to shout was their spears i