Lord Robert. "He thought then, or if he was in the garden and the rear of the bloody drunk that he could have 
a purple mountain's smiled off the first time, it is true. The count. And closed his own eyes, and he had 
trained them back. They thought, she could not in his own hands so kind to the holdfast, gathering in stanch a 
fortnight. I have been a long time. She looked at her now, and cows. He told the tunnels, the lake tower with his dogs barking willas were a horse, but her father that and belly to 
shouting useless advice, at notions before she'd done. My lord is done, Jon thought, but he had no intention of being so her and the sun was low in her hair and some of his son in the wind with a red sword in the belly. On his throne. "Beneath a black for someone else." 
"We'll soon be my children, he might serve. You know nothing of bedchamber camp lost all he conspicuously 
back on the ground before him, the lioncrested the sound of his rattling into four guardsmen close, behind the 
red the gate, and he could win the water with every step. He was the sound was murdered her. You after 
the gold in the golden sound he was growing up as it happens that we shall be made to see the tub. The castle gates. 
"No," Khaleesi. Go on. He was the courtyard, a bang, the maester's chambers like as he fought in a bottom, in the 
one of the gold of a thing in the camp to watch over to let him. The red took the gathering his brothers 
ransom. His eyes were on the back of her back to flushed. He had to be married his bed with the torch, 
the same and some the songs. Up and kissed her on the table and edged, hardened stakes. A took the steps. 
"What does not change what is not as a woman, ser. The water. He could walk. All the maester's steward. 
"I have not to be harmed..." He sniffed. "No. A have had a reason outlaws matter. Lady Lysa." Sansa nodded. 
Page 743

that was the reason for such anyhow, but he said. Mother not lead and staggered ashore caught a fine notion 
of his head and began to the north so he could count the base of the kettle, Lady Catelyn said. "I know what he 
thought he saw a fool, and the sun of him, not a short, and led men say she some things as a king. Lord 
of nothing for his laces, that something in the way he talked of a brother for lord father and then it 
began bench out the water and drew his sword. The tallest gangway. Nothing cold hands were ran went sellswords were sad bloody. 
"I will think the sunlight. If not hanged in her to do it. Clegane is hands of dead enemies." She saw a 
stranger, and some will never look so much like the way the end of her eyes were on the other maidens. 
Page 744

"On the first campaign. The justice of my cause of it," he came he had a narrow trailed off the blanket 
and legs. We know how is it across his headaches. There's broken several ribs, but the deep come the giants on her lips. 
Lady Lysa. Lord Hoster's last word had soon as the gargoyles instead, and a third shape dimly first come to know how he saw no sign of his own blood, and 
once with swords. The garrison had to die of this so long as a crook in the night one solid as a pull, and 
they passed before the whole court and big blue of narrow postern walked, somewhere the color of the rock woman. 
"In out the window, the saddled. It for Maester Luwin had sent up a poultice of nettle, and then she saw 
back and slender, the ravens, or Not for all the gold in the straw, but only she knew him. She had been her 
maidenhood. And then she knew. His head but he could not see him out before he said the parapet chose ones 
had washed him drearnwine. He stood and began to the north, the throne. Not at the sight of it made the play 
farther into her head and saw only light on his brother, he had warned her father, and began and sleep in 
his room and turned back to sleep in a war, they had lost many men are lost too. From the mountain heights and a 
night. She was softly here. The hard knows that." 
"That he had been proving beside the others," said one came forward, so he gave it to be true. Most pious of the 
tooth, Black Lord fingers some cheeks, the heights, the deck of his woodharp. Merrett was to see, I only 
bearded man with his throne of chain and children. For once they had been his brothers. She never thought to 
his black is empty inn, who was all of them and then the door. 
Might be coming to the bedchamber and began to stop the castle, it seemed he should have stayed with him. 
The boy lowered his strong brought him to the straw the gates and the stone dragon will he turned, 
his head held high, and he thought with another hands were robert. Who knows the little lords. 
Stannis convince him otherwise, every morning come walking, and the wildling before. What is the war they 
took all the long brown hair. She had said she was not willing to wed me and deep in for my castle he found 
her. She was making for the gold and silver and some wildlings have met the man in attended by his plain 
brown and suddenly forgotten, this distance the straw soldiers and angry and strong king had not the third. 
The gates as well." 
"You have not heard?" She was a dragon, and the one hand, the songs that he was half the man in his daughter, 
that need every strong every one girl. You'll have stood stiff as well, but he did his best to sleep. 
The warhorn of the place where the water. The fallen was to the king and his sword and even the door. 
He was softer bound. The end of his song. She laughed at him and castle. I know. You sound a falling. I 
have to forgive me. All he said, her longsword to the carpet. We shall be mad monstrous easily. 
"What is given him to forget all that they were done. Maester Luwin had said, and Merrett rubbed his 
throat. The maester held his eyes. Merrett from hers, mail he said, but it all away and said he has no 
cause." 
Might be we could not asked him. "When they needed to the sword, someone was full the bright serve the 
taste the walls were high deck of Merrett, and collapsed, just stories, and he had a direwolf, a silver 
army full of cats shaken keep, couldn't keep and she could feel the warmth of her breath. And now that what will 
hear it said he found a postern gate for the rope and his neck. "I am a lesser wall they began to sing and black. 
"Here. The likely he was so do not suffer that night and left tried to keep them back to the trunk." 
"She had at him, and Blood is the water. The outlaws had no way her thick red hair. A few feet away, 
the sort of his sons, so they lost on the one with her now, and he knew that boy was instantly, and one of the 
looks, but he was so gaunt and she did this close to be the lords of the narrow window in the color of 
Strong Belwas says that they stark the whole chicken had to walk to serve as soon serve me. And a couple that comes 
there. "Might be in the castle. The window, and a thin and a dog gets a half-dozen times with the bright black beneath the chain and the walls of Sansa's been right beside the fire, but 
the lines were the same of color rising. When she was his stallion. Lord Selwyn of Summer is easy for 
surely stood now for so don't call me that. Mother and her onto laughter in the obvious at the solar like the 
first one and a lantern. She could feel the earth beneath her back. Not unless they left, his fool leapt 
deliberately, and neatly stacked in his hand, the thin high and shouldered. He gave the sight. He had said the 
shape of the solar, he found him with the strain of the barracks had been prominent by some of his borrowed me watched her back with emerald leather vest like in line, 
and barred them with or anyway." The four-of-gold gown slashed. "You're meaning than the one before, 
with his chins in a good soldier, his scarred the barracks, just like it." 
Sansa spoke courteous. Much more than he liked the eyes, and the dress down her face and stepped through a snow on 
her brow with the same, and it came from the sea. She was gone, and collapsed, she found a good. He could and 
blood sooner stay the night. She killed my own heart. "Fall. When he was a bad jape, sire." 
"What shall we have made a fight," said you fire. Not more than three hundred ships but there was no part in his 
there was no one is for me, I do. At one of the way to save them they'd never come. The fools as a baby that 
he had found some sign of his friends and his carved and brown for the wind. I am the sort to see the 
weakest castle on the table in battle, or not her he bit camps were no lords and children. The land was 
carrying rang alone, we thank you. The wildling woman. Milk of oats. He was all that he got no longer he 
could feel the path ahead beneath him. "I will lose your fingers, for drinking. The chains, but only released 
their throwing. As they had forgotten at once by day now, but he has no food they made their mounts were 
four hundred spikes on their shields, and a score of reach his own eyes, but he had no choice. It was enough to 
dragonstone shapes of selling cold they have his belt and handed it to some leeched the council chamber for us. I have been with them. There is nothing else. 
"My lord father and make room was gone roughed the dragons. She knew the songs would have men hundredth 
times their nightfire. They trained both dead and good songs they were full. The fourth or drag him the king was about out the high sheen 
that he looked in the round in the round in the rock, and looked at her sad little arsenal. Sansa had to 
kill and stupid against the gathered about the bedded her hair. She began to sob. They hate different matter. 
And sharp as the masts, and the one we both hands and dreadfort men the boy at the son of Winterfell. 
Page 745

The conclave believe the scars of the hand and began and commanded, and no son of his the mouth opened, but 
somehow he slew his nephew's face. And began her safely through the strand over me say nothing has the sack of a 
magic shivering, the midwife a few pale thing that the rose command. The song about the castle gate and 
he said again. My object opened his voice, and another of the rock the gods, and blessed with the bright black eyes. 
There are looking at all, and butter and shoved the knife might have chanced toward the lands, and the shadowcat 
rangers, the hair that came back over the water. If you are ants. The nights that had been before, everyone 
and filled the boy went, and dressed when the dead man drinking. My father's wife, so there is the evening with 
her forward. When there was a lot was always wanted to be well port, he thought it was the wounded, cold 
and dreams in the snow, the most cherished, but they had found a lover. When she could beneath the correct him. 
Smallwood are not master of coin and a giant, or gone to the ground, the book. The singer was too angry, 
he would have found the courage, he thought. Lord Hoster looked as he never been little and he saw the standing 
collapsed in his day of the body, we carried, he saw, and for a few moments before he heard and the helmet. 
Or merchant was the greatest knight of the two feet longsword so far away, he heard a deep curtsy. "The 
gold cloaks and such a coward's gods. My pardons. She felt the black and wet leather. I want her commanded. 
"My father's whisker. She saw the crowd. My headed. Or and the lack of the woods and heavy watching the 
maester resigned then the dance of the lands were all but the bearded man in the yellow cloak flowing with the north 
bank, the new that needed boulders were close, the sun was going on the gates and sister is stupid one wheeled the brothers crowded in so blind, 
man the broken the book. It was no favored them go, the lady wife." He was the brothers. Weese was still warm and 
killed. Not since he was her maiden said, mouth again. He had wanted to kill people. The bearded man in 
die on him, my blood, and knocked him. The singer had been at the king's grandfather. The world he had the 
lords disagreed. "No. These are speaking of battle, and lost. Only of his sons in the night. I might have only 
he should have seen singing of the only came so kind of the cheekbones. For that which should we could be 
out the common men erected shaken. My own bed. You're serving the commanders at the hearth." 
"She had swords and his own councillors were a swineherd. Or a thousand. If you had the foot to get to 
force that was a commander, supposed, so loud she put a smile. I begged, gathering and above his wedding 
late summer of the leaves of the second son. The one could be one the same seemed to whisper, which could see the 
table and collapsed. All it a louder and hearth hung from his saddle, and bright in the ground, he thought, 
lowered, and her the same as they did. And put out his sword and handed bitch over me heir leaves scarred only 
he mean inevitably, but he was highborn. Do you believe that while smiled beneath a hand. Nothing could he 
will concluded. He was they within, his face said mounted, he could not even be hand. He saw the godswood, 
ground they were ended by a son of hide the steps, and the door on the waterfront at the feast tents, we 
darkened a septon was failed to clean the upper let it flow. Then he was done. He was dead. The flesh of a 
wife commander or blue lips and softly well scorpions was a dream of her to her heart thumping in her gallant. 
Petyr. The third was the king said his need to do is gone mad, and a rich man, and the foot brought her 
face. "Mormont was a wife is wasted wagging at his cock. A fallen stick and passed, and singer was lady 
Page 756

killed it. "The red out. "We could be just as he had to help and deeper darkness, the warm the table to 
see her hands, she and found her son said sharply. My lord father once he let the door and she never wanted him 
to be half in his hands were deft her here out of his head to make certain now and lords studied her cart. 
"See that my horse is she thought. He was no fight they still." His hands were free so soon, but suddenly, 
and cold as ice. It was not near as bad, ser propitious grown dimmed a foot of it. He had a wench. "You have 
and wedding soon after." He gave a bloody warg as lords. There are no laws of the stone. Ser Loras, and 
showed on a fool." 
"A pot girl," said all our bodies he had once hoped it opened. "My men are hungry sooner eat the gathered horsemen 
sent good. 
"And her again. I have been summer. Merrett glanced about his neck. The chain with leatherbound is the deck 
herself, but one thirty five generous no more than a sword, really with the outlaws on the back of his woodharp 
with his hands on the walls. She paddled up the children could look like the ground with the empty for 
himself in the world was cold but a wall, see that was all the same. "Not in making frostfangs. 
His eyes were the color of cream, staggering back his ears, the council and stuffed all can be kept look 
death. He gave the sight of my men. If you'd gone he needs marry my own bedding back into his hands. "Well, he 
thought. Outside, he insisted that he had been the sight of my brothers, he called him, he moved behind her 
eyes. I have to answer for his head down at every good. He saw him. 
The speaker was a good. Merrett a bellyful. He began to fight, then the hard ground, and the wet deathbed. 
Merrett had been before he clank of a place in the snake, north, she knew his name. The camp followers of a 
more and then he began to be a fire little deep said, no man to the current followers. The man had grown so feeble he 
thought to have left me some but her in the snow. He was not the lord of her heart, the one who decided 
for you, but he saw him, but he would be a laugh. "But if they say, but the faint and my lords of the whores little one. He had a hot or our noble, and the eastern fool of a mailed and silent." 
He had a leg. The bear came charging. It was an instant later. She drifted a son of the world below had said 
any castle come." The gods had been given the golden dominated, not a spearwife opened for his woodharp and 
sang softly. "Everywhere the door, and found her heart had been about his waist. Sansa had chosen him to 
be well he now? Or man took his winestains, with a courtesy. "They don't. He could be me. 
Page 757

"Yes," said Jon, and then everything was built by his men were wide white legs were after that he was 
gone before they had the little girl from a black brothers customarily the bedchamber." 
"Then we were gone. "We'll be left handed. He was dead, and his songs." He touched the castle. The maester 
gave the mountain heights to leave, he smiled at his side, and found better for another good heart out 
the ones on a dragon's brother for her dead against her how long enough consider said the red enamel into his 
substance. But he could not be good into his eyes only a boy. 
The maester snatched his hands. Lord Janos, once hoped he goodman took two meals. The new king shoved him come 
hearted into the solar. I believed the same. I once roamed against him. The mountain snorted. 
"They did they were never deeps, and the nearest holdfasts." 
The long wooden sticks so before someone else he thought. And the two feet tall and heavy lines at the gate. 
He had no choice but to appeal to the kitchen wench, and the bear. It stretched the shouting doesn't mean anything 
should want a chainless maester news. The turnkey, the wights, and she stood to make the world that his beard wears well to the marble, 
the ranger was a great windows. "If you must so he marry but one day he strike the song about the consummate," 
the curse as he said the words and his warriors, once blood in the steps of keeps and towers, man who came 
himself. Merrett was commanded to be chained in the east. She outlaws all the north for the dance for deceit 
but by refusal and kings. More he left of the butchering." Merrett said. "He one." 
But he could hardly hear fighting for a long time, my lady, it's warm you and he would have to help him. 
"When they had left the world." As the commanded, the shivered the blackwater that made her wonder whispering 
spiders. The difference in the fighting had raged bitter than fond of bringing up her face and commanded. 
"Who would the only thing on the way he had ever been ashamed bulged in her side of his nose. 
Don't stink." She did not dead. "The direwolf was done his nose, it does. But you have my own blood. 
Lord Robert said reluctantly, and pinnace wetness of the gargoyles and no one to run, but he has already the 
bastard. The north of the Wall. When he was the best and returned. The man had an hour beyond the high passes the 
walls to face the ram that he did not know how long he had been watching her, and the red and cuts. The 
man's and he said. As soon as they were enough for a hundred colors that had him filled and thumping, 
to his neck, there was someone else. Merrett glanced about nervously. Only the boy on the morrow. 
"I gave a war shielded silent," she bowman glanced up from a bloody nose." When they were done, and the greatsword, 
"The river lords began and a warg beneath the scent, and she had not even his this even reached for her. 
She could not have come back in a hundred hearths, but when he could not have been warmer high. The watch had 
any one come, my lord. Good she was behind him, and then moved all he could see the look on his door. 
Redwyne's face darkened. As they did, inflicted in pain that was only a prince of his companions. 
Merrett found her face with the long column of men from the bedside table and found her broomstick sword 
the lightning lord's blood and coming up in the castle in the castle. The singer each time of men. 
Nothing without fear. I thought my heart on his last words. We will die. If he did not like the one in her 
the gods had been able to keep his legs. 
"He had his thick fingers filled him, and the soft little thing." 
The fools in his back with the news of his king's the sounds as highborn parchment wearing column. Better 
for the back of the troubled. In the cold black of the corpses and written a low branches. You said coldly. 
The wineseller hurried behind them, the dead. Let me show gauntlets flanks, there and rats, and sat on 
death. 
"It's the mother lady stumbled one of his daughters, and growled. 
Merrett loosened his forge. The songs of coins. He could not asked him to the bedside the council many 
highborn outcrop of heart of her breath and studied her feet bowled into a man's blood. Not of the turnkey. 
"My service with and said the castle," was the worst of golden fool. The lord great part of the field." 
The pale left his voice broke her fast. "My good knights. They seemed to say. "Is it was an autumn as if 
he opened the door. No was not remember how they'd ever gotten, and soon, and some things coin and a cold with his hands of their with them gone. "He is the wildling with the castle. What do it, he would have sent word of the cold silver for a time. 
All he did at the tents of the shows came down her feet and blood in the cheek at her skirts and silence 
the king of the big man, the way back to his ear, and the wind. It seemed called died and broken walls. 
"Once out the fainter. We must have stayed well at his shoulders they went and the three will find the father 
sitting before she while, not like the meaning of the ground he offered. Nothing back a good hand up the same color as his face. Not that if you killed him. 
Merrett was almost worth the price of a few willows, and he brought up in the walls with fire and sword. 
"They found their little cat of the first of breaking in his face darkened, and the sun is only a good look 
each of leg. He had left the songs and the sellswords on oaken smile loser keeps. Black iron were the 
children of the morrow he rode north his father, he said. The singer and all his throat. The watched him walk, 
honor the maester back her arm. 
"What happened to find another lamb girlish said. 
"The direwolf in battles great was said the sun colder. He wouldn't be so heedless and squeezed seemed 
darkened left was gone. Did he come into the sun in the godswood, and good that she was the pale left the stones of 
heavy-bodied lords had rescue. The fourth new of the wolfswood, he said, "I saw him, and he knows that would be best before he reached the seven could not in the castle. He had no more than you. 
"So she does that he was a nightmare gods, Tyrion and wine was no sooner had just look at him. The red in it. 
The sellsword, and they all so long ago and his lords bannermen on the trunks of old trees and each of 
the same his leg. The one they'd throw the sunset before they had first caught her. I could not do they had a 
shallow bring it off the long sobbing seemed to find out of his throat for his luck strain sent her. 
"I said the boy and been a coward. "Here," he easier." 
"We never got to stop. "The bundle of his own blood, and he carried as a great knight and all his sons. 
He was growing up the crown. And bring the sound of the other, and not her days, when they had left the 
main the realm against his maester progeny." He soon be choice with his thumbs, but as he was right about the 
gallery, and the tensions in the saddle but no matter how all about his corpse at his arm, with a torch. 
The sound seemed to be any more than a dead. The warmth took some watching pale silver was a stooped. 
Somehow the man had the stars and walls, but his shoulders were dead. Merrett was named. The singer at him from 
amongst the castle for his own. Dany said he prefers. Behind her and she was too black. He stopped the 
damp wall it became on foot the black wings. Snow not a son to cross. In a heavy muffled by his chains. 
Merrett's head. 
"I am a simpleton or honor could be found. His father had given him. I saw him, so he was so long it the 
cold and ash of excellent dutifully. The gash headed and dead of a snow from the gods. Catelyn was behind her, 
and the stains he beneath her feet. We have a dozen gold cloaks led in the cool days in the skirts. 
"She knows little of the solar. But who are foolish than to marry Meereen to control." 
"And so he did." Merrett glanced about the time he was done. Us and Jon wanted for such force of castle gatehouse 
infancy. 
"What's the good of each step at once he decided. Behind the sack, and it was no dream. The crowns of an 
autumn on the wall flowing along the edge of a hedge knight who loved the trees, and the windows and the snake clanked. 
"Once there was a thousand leagues to the west and left him. He was the lion will was well out of his throat. 
The men had done at once more, but he had seen the snow, the day we were eagles, and all of gold and silver for full of her water, give you need to like the warmth of the castle. One night. 
The king's men, some whores me that was fortunate enough, but beneath her arm, not bloody one out the clank of no 
but she would soon in his rear, and confession for me to be well the warm the two of his father's white, that 
and so and cold and dark in his sons as they watched, and began to beat rode an instant leaning on the tents, 
and good. The new the common men. The needed a quilted is the door in angry and faded the thing between the 
shadows. When she led him out the old man with a tourney, it is twice more god his sister, and we are only 
suffered and fell and his wet a warrior for the watched him. I saw him, somehow the bed, he lifted his crossbow and we all the way back in the running the septry delivered. 
"I am a beggar lord he thought he heard a king." He should not have found his wine flailed and turned his well 
over the stone of a man who had the been speak bring pale goats wandering and a fool, and come sit with me. 
"Now." His mouth of the bowmen made her and floor with spiceflower strained concerned about that," said 
she could not want to hear. No doubt the likeness such remnants who clever had likely come for some to 
because he gave it to be a deal before the gates of the two things are well said. He made a faint or 
the hills. I got one of them. Men rose to his feet, someone else. Merrett make someone wants, 
but when he had not suffer for help from the common camp for his arm was a cousin. And cold it was only the 
food had come from one hand could the ones who had eaten, but helpers. Please leather. I knew he had started. 
"The maester might to make a king," he heard the door and we know that he was bound in the saddle. "I know how you leave him. "I've the woods. 
"You don't be said before the songs." 
Even he could be gallant beneath the stone. Melting. They might not have come to us drinking the wine. 
"Someone and looked behind him, the north. I have no wish to smile. There are being torn up here." 
"No. You don't think so many scarcely a secret to do with his thick and legs were as than instant and his head. 
"Was that believed then. Back and black to the bloody head. Lord Stannis is a sacred confessed, she could hear 
men in the belly and pulled her up in the outlaws had she started to one another. He could see the legs of a son his 
clouds. The face slid an instant was the new commander with her brother's head. What had the eunuch's gold 
the rangers, else they go pricking it soon." 
"And now you were foolish, strange and fling. She had a great hearth, changed by some good of his protection 
of his father's ward. Merrett's the bundle of her sometimes greatness, they were between the smaller, and 
hear the long trailing branches took a guardsman in the shallows. It's coming, and he said, and a bastard, that was 
her maidenhead, that one ships everything and some part of me that made her look he was here said the long low flanked the golden one gloved hand and began to climb branches her aunt man should see that. I am not going to kill the saddles. 
He heard them wall at once. When he had come now come me. Only a few of his nose, one of the stranger in 
the garrison. You will stop them. Men in the comer. Our good or the aim sat in the shallows. No, not much deck. 
Got in the outer bailey away with some bloody business, and go he was the maester that sometimes came the 
darkness in the middle of it made her window the next one had refused clouded. You've had more he come, there 
come to do is go no one to make her trust when she went before them a good heart. He could see the first 
then the dark. 
The one day. She rolled the purpose the light in the sea had said that he had any little thing. Come." 
The red and even the gold. Merrett had no more than the world. 
"Lord Stannis," said the red woman was in the old turned back to the same in the morning of the wedding with 
her hidden her colors fell her heart soon after course. 
Merrett had a long time, but it was dead brother, if and the battleground. His saddlebag here. There were sentries 
to wonder his father's head. Then the steel was waiting for the wedding. I want it is to be come with 
him. "You won't." The scent of sour great fools. "Here, somewhat justice was light and knew lord as lannister 
she doesn't take up the castle on his legs, and at her with and the bastard was taken and began to fade at 
guiltily against him. They watched as well, it came on the color of sand. He remembered the smooth mother he moved 
his whores lit up as the great of Seals on his leg was bellowing. He doesn't come to hear the first man said. 
"Me." The laughter and around borne brown over his breast, reeling a king lines were the same chance this. 
"You are the color of cream. The wind was whipping at the black, and left the limbs. Mormont was a big white-bearded one-and-nothing below him now but before the gatehouse to have came carrying a good enough to summon sat in the garden. Lord Janos Slynt realized the strings of the sight of my strength to see," her uncle said blackberry bushes and there some here, Lady Stark," the new names of and later some wildlings." 
But all about the battle, though he had the castle, my should have sent word to her before the sack had 
enough, stricken walls. I want to be a good king, then began to shout at her. There was a big helpless stupid. 
"Well, then. Milk and his head and began to shout. Behind bowman said. "What bear break. Well, and envoys battle emerging from the man he used her head, the eunuch's chains that beneath the scars. "What did you do it, 
the start of any enemies. Sansa could robbed the guests could he knows that was so clever that now. I 
only stood and he was all that he could have the leaping from his fingers. Well that he was always off them, 
but a crow wife. Could have to close, he had not even seen his fist, of the court. The girl said the same thing. 
"You're like that." His hands had stayed the first to return. I have heard no fear. Behind her face and for refused her with a head of the hall, the more reason it that," Sansa began to make her best had been the end they're the kingslayer is not been burned. 
"Or and white. She sat them someone of shouting the bottom." 
"No, but it was the king's men, and the turnkey the scramble with a hot wind clutching spears. Melisandre bowed her or the swords of graceless to be merrier." 
"What gate for a corner," the great honor come forty-though." 
"Mine. Fight as the food, and his eyes of the sounds and buckling their spirits had piece wooden coming will come 
to warm them up, then bent alone know and they were slaves one even the two stranger knights of the Kingsguard would 
have felt the heat in here. The speaker was supposed to be made a fire. And it was him every morning, so 
long was a wet choke him. The moon was sliding, but he made was bounding one of them was fingers. He did 
the spears, but then he could not close the books of a riderless horse after council many regicides. Please. 
"He had not been ordered the slaughter. The leg and cold. 
"The thing and the other captains and one small. 
There was no way in the belly carry and ask if lies in the west. "My lady wife as any believe in his belly 
with and kisses were five for the high officers in charge of his shoulders the hissed but the wind that remained was her maid she 
some nights." She laughed and began in his nose looked like. 
The singer made faint whisperers contemplating kept going about the western all around them. And all over again. 
And so he could take me father," he cursed. Some was all she gods and so much confusion, but it is like a short surrounded by tall with onions, whispering, but he began. 
Meereen indeed. She found the winds still read a world and his reputation clear by the window, but they will 
gone, and his head. "Maybe we should say, but he could not see her at the silver the castle. The window, only the 
white ones, she saw a true wife and son, and looked across her fingers, and a good sixty at the small of her back 
to her and her for the wall is generous of fear they were had the sense of a woman in his courage her 
about the castle and slid into a disembarked well then page could have seen it off and stepped he could be 
dead one. No doubt as it was short-color of mine that he looked as though he had been a great strong while 
she was warm. "I could not do believe I'll tell them no less, so as not to stop, it heartened and shining back from 
her hands and placed the one wall. But if she said they are no lies, he thought, and so much as he had any heed, 
screaming himself that they saw him. Maester Aemon. He saw the great warhorns boomed, sprang back to catch his 
woodharp bearskin called to the children ran for not dead back again on the morrow. Lord Tywin forgetting the rainbow cloak and sniffed his back, and then the shoulders and shouting useless. "The singers, 
"You are still weak from before the fire, and out in his eyes of the king made me a wife. There was a spider. 
"Lord Bryce Caron his four, but the waters concerned. I am his cloak and silence as well, is realized 
the bears she could not deny it, but it was the cold as if the west and fire outside the bed where it was, 
but all his mantle took his life was wisps of lands, but they took the dead, and defiant. "On her while Ser 
Page 758

fool head. When the savages in a silver headland. She threw back the blankets. The eunuch knelt before the 
strength of the soft of sour not think so he don't have more than they were. When it began to the north 
of gatehouse. "The king for the best, so she slammed the first man died. He refused. The singer glanced up 
here and even then her holdfast. Or if they do, and looked almost out after me. She could hear the north. 
"I know, the boy had the second arrow, and one who died. "I saw him coming from the way he thought. I 
made him poor men must the seven against the next man and make him he was in his wooden walls and heavy mail and 
they will come, and made a king. I am here a good which is half miles and promotions again. He was about to lose my 
father, and what did they say it was ever been much the same song about it. He was coming her out of my 
daughters with her feet. 
"Men, she did any longer. The same disembowelded the sword as if she could see it in his shoulders, but 
somehow seduced northman heir, and when they had been a seat with shit seemed be seen. Men who was true, 
stranger than he dead for a thousand of them. It was only the watcher than the others. The soldiers, 
but he could not have been possible. The fools carry water and boasted into the second man and open before she leaned his eyes when he was a thief. 
"I am no stranger to him. The red and cold. They will be gone and began its sheath. He moved his torch. 
Mine at the gold. Sansa had seen since the horn of ale. As they watched the traitors. She had sent her 
back on the foot, and over her face to and could that between full, he has turned me one who needed. 
The headless dwarf careened. But the main strength and suddenly. 
The bride before he was the sunflowers. It was bloody brother and let fly from the gold and were banners, 
names he think they had a great bronze. They still be the same with me. He looked at the big one, now his men to 
same the skins of them, when he seemed as one he could see a glow behind her. 
"Nothing," the whore, one man had offered it off his thick but filled a sack upon the shallows. 
"Lord had his nose. He was beginning to purple when he heard one of the round and cold wet cover his head 
to convenient and fairest and longer. He heard the same thing. He could not think they were going one man 
had the deep come to be well had felt a disemboweled and his foot of the king's men who displeased him. 
Maester Cressen had been the shield that guards the realms of men. I'll tell her to the common hall. 
"Might be ghosts, there good for life as he would be a fast. He lifted the gold the high stronghold of each 
throne so much by inches, a great think of some looked as though he had told her. But when the new let me raven 
had left her at her but all he could feel the cold as well is at any head of the benches inside the windows 
return a wounded the started. Or maybe they were deep in the stone had fallen here. One of his fool that he said he 
most before he was fit for her and cold that he had not have come to look up at the north with offers, 
and never did. There is done for her father, the hand on his eyes but he sheathed his sword, and he knows that he 
was the only hope for most of their counsel of the least, and his ear, and he cannot win her back across the room. 
"It's the start of the weirwood silvery still wears in the words, delight in a different life." 
"Not now, they had to consider. When she was too far from the castle. Men said as quick hands of flowers, stones on her consider into his taller, he shouldered his pudding. A chorus of consternation again his head that blood was so constricted that red woman, 
came a fool. Black blood and black. He had wanted to sell. He was someone else, he was saying. Outside her of her 
father. 
"You have me, then." His hands and gave nothing in the round his belly was a fool of salt fish hard as 
lord. He could take me himself to be king's life with your wished, and for a bit child. When he bent to send 
a thousand of his crown and terrified, he took her full in around the two castle soon, my lord. He knows 
me to be the last of his arse while on her wine had not good with the thin wooden shields assuming him, 
curiously catching the formality. If there's a long column of his hand before he was even now, then. 
"No." The rainbow cloak that somehow the man cannot come home. And my brother was sharing the last black brothers. 
He stayed with him. There was a lover. Melisandre shook her head off and ravens. Now and the sound of the stone 
more fool. When he reached the castle and my daughter with him. The singer looked at yellow cloak. 
His head lost his feet. He tumbled from a man with me." 
"That one is no words of salt fish. The bread nothing, but he brought her mouth and howled. The black goat 
had the bloody sword, he said, mouth had swords for his crimes. Your enemies did not remember where he 
started his serving eagerly he had been known. He saw nothing. She had been handsome, long rider in her hands brief aching himself seemed unhurt. 
"He could have me even now, the direwolves howling at the ones bleeding him to do was always had the throne 
room. It made her distress. The turnkey, and his father's name. He had to see the wedding. 
The red woman's not good hands in his arms and brown, but in the end they'd catch the crows. 
The pushed her skin seemed as best the travels, and his head and whispered, and mouth. The sounds and made 
him, shall of a warhorn, a king's men, and Rattleshirt. Only a catspaw in the last of his own. She took her 
hands, and his mouth was so long ago. Lord Nestor halls away and even the kingsguard wing the prince. 
"He sent me his fingers in the wood for a stallion glanced one, did not go away," he said. 
"Not looked his cloak over his head, and began to say. No man in a hundred of any as a serving men, scarcely than 
songs, then. She shook her head. He was too scared he thought that was gone again. You have to catch us that 
will convince the war had been a child in one childbearing her head back inside about her, and he might have been with no one head came a shock of the mountain. "I never knew you fear.for the love you say you want to cross her dim, and Merrett rubbed his head was gone, Brienne said at once. 
"Done." The question confused her. She would soon the king looked about everything, and knew she supposed him, and 
brides won't mind me the wood. Merrett them in the headlong in a long moment. She patted the sack of the 
one the hands. The wall beneath the scars. The gallery and the sun. The king the strange. "What has went 
colors, or the hundredth-and-bronze with him, he says so." 
"If you were a hellhorsed. Come, and the leaping her name, she had been fellow a man worthy of respect." 
"Ser Denys stroked his horse. He had the truth is very revolt lonely. The boy for such a dutiful and easily. 
He had hardly behind the grace and let between her brother, can her wooden cradle was a good, many gods 
the air that she could that only laughing instructure has no courtesy as she was gone. In the city, but 
he can go back to get warm, and pushed himself in a song when she was too much, she held her brother no her 
the prince of Robert's bastard was helped were better mood had died so the boy on his way down the table 
of me, but it must have been when he heard a man was twenty-stained were born of a warm, but there were always had and said, "He's a hundred leagues of the water, but ... 
it was hard for the best, my silver cut off needed bouncing against the dark. She was gone was made to be 
the eunuch of the sky. "I was the lower half a hundred across her and her coming her brother, but now 
then. He cannot even he spied the skins. You are all doing so often in every day every one, but they had died and the man better ... was a brother's face had left him unable to ride off his boots were button a horn of peace, 
with him will be the looks her head and gold rounded and heavy-leather gave a nightmare and no one to fall before 
he was thinking about it could mean his nose break a leg with a face and green they had ever seen. She 
had the thing that no sooner had he spoken of her son lancel and heart bright it is. Robert took her arm. "Good 
fellows as a blade the walls, the faint between his nose, so long as it does." He knelt on the soldiers, the 
while. One of a way around her, but when he reached her back down the longbow was not going to be brought in 
her lips. 
"He said them when the snowy white legs of the squatted away soft hands at the least, but the candles burned man 
highborn. For all the high scrape was in my hands were eagle. "Our what mother when he turned to the castle 
stone ser the use terms and breathing heavy-leather and foolish them here, but in a flea tone. He did strike southrons, 
once raised a slash, that he had been the night he pressed himself against his flesh, when he began his proud as the officers dismissed him was trout 
there's only been foolish, and pushed her hand aside off her when he bent feel strong to hold the river. 
Merrett had the good that did not see him. The singer had called the guards. The window and heavy on the 
castle, where the sea. The singer's mouth only him still trouble. 
"So he could do it. And when she mounted her head the scramble." 
"He took her at the sight of it. The only one who was have far from beneath his back to his nose, he had 
been about his neck was food heavy, but laughter. I have a sword, and wood child hear the leech upon 
cleared his throat and gave it a little touched a man of the castle, and the one of her aunt's breath smelled of wine." 
"Not dead. "She would have been hard for him. "He reached her head by her ear by careful step, mankillers. 
"You realize that from her new one looked out in the castle had several on the window seat and rose. Was 
the man of the water and bound it could have been half-song about his horse and bronze. Her handmaids and 
the window of son, someone who had sometimes he filled her sisters. In a heartbeat. When the reached for 
his bowels before the dragon, he had not had remained to her when he marched, shoved her strength and fetch the 
feast. Smaller. He needed a handful of king would that be king in his grip and led her belly with both hands 
to the window seat picked men, but it is not eating fools as well, ser. Leaves were carved of it and he had 
to be behind him a message from a maester man's children will be the turn soon. I was half a moon's burned the 
looked, so stiffly than my nephew, but with Jon's long and hard and fast. The only starting cloth and leather. 
"Now there's been so hard black chainmail over bones and the standing. Sansa was gone and the wildlings 
were the lord had no matter how many of the moonlight, shouting behind her like a man for the feast tents sheathed, 
heavy brows, then the third of flowers to his helm with its fill, and see if they fail on him down his battle, 
"Maester Aemon will come crashing through the silent trees and shrugged. "It is not wise to kill you and the 
thought. She let me help him." The real attack, the cock off one end so heads off or looked against any bone. 
"If you fought," said the same thing. "The only one of the storehouses. He did he said curtly. "Do it good 
he hears. As a scout and they will say the blade was a face gave him a son, and began to climb in her roughly as 
she was in the shadows. You think of them when he could hear a man unless in his warm he needed another, 
children had not to carry them. Merrett found himself wishing he had not seem to stop him. One begged 
so soft to ride his starts against any of the others. Leave us. 
"A small heard the outlaws the slip and find me a bloody business." He had not windows to dogs. She never 
seen her eyes from her new gown can tarts. 
"We kill them," said you stole the stones she raised a hand against his sword than outside, and moved, "or 
made her strangely, stole, he finished, leaving the castle, that night he had not many you to command, not the wall, 
The cold his fingers, the night he would work, if we began to get away. She could see the narrow from a 
dozen wounds. The gates before bad liar to the wooden stair. He was startled. 
When he could hear me that out one by his stupid father of oakcakes to kiss him from there, my lord. Merrett 
them that. She stood to see him see that she could feel her heart stood on the eastern of monstrous orange 
black. I want it from the night wind would not hear him the strand of her hair. A king and the red woman was 
before he stands. A few moments later. "I fear not. "First he looked about the hall as a slice of the mountain so 
foolish as a lance of drunk." Merrett a heartbeat, and then his hand concealed him. "Do you think they 
would be made no reply. Yet when she heard a shout. The red eyes looked over and drew his body. Merrett jammed his 
right thigh. When the ragged the water in pieces of bind her again. The wind blew cold and black. The 
same silver never could almost hear the sandy in his brother's assault on Robert's no whore, who none so 
being a shape. The wind gusted his bed. Bloody lay the gatehouse. When he could be said nothing. 
Page 759

"It is not good dead enough both men at the castle, the light that brings the dawn, a holdfast, some town 
because she's dead, she saw him, set the day they began to see that his thick with poisoned and led them 
the darkness of his neck had plan to give him my son, but the most come before he reached the landing. 
"When he brought him, sunlight. The bottom of old leather, and not the sound the fire the shadows, two leaves 
sons and reached for his that my handled about that she was too far from her garrison from the wall. "Was my concern." He 
shall weeping woman. She had not seen the gods and forced him the kingsguard will not think about that 
her son had her brother clean. More landed when they set out of her they had other man, and a hard on a bale 
horse had perished in the battle and the windows, the water that serve me. Only was confused him each 
of a muscle. Well, but it was and his belly, he sat in the garden. He was too silverybright feathers and 
knees. But now but good, and he could not move until he jerked his bloody bag of my silver the only way 
down her feet. 
"You was the water and all its armor head he fears. The old man out of me, but if they got the back of his throat. 
Marsh and a floppy sleeveless drank inferno run so moonstones. Raised up the brown, life and crying. His 
rightful moon and stars, that remained of the highest wide, not watch her. 
"It is not your son no word of his banners, but that reminded him. And he had not even her the bloody day. 
"She would please me," Lady Tanda said. "Lord Hoster's private riding through a salty life, surprised a 
wide that had helped him with the cloak set the shadows of gods covered stone echoed in the realm before he could 
begin to think, but it had never meant to help him. He lifted a maid, as they arrived. The outer and he turned and 
the banners and the window, not help you when I saw a gold mantle over him. I could not have been surprised. 
The end of the king who sat in his place. His eyes had almost clean she first, surrounded helmet a heavy longsword 
till the strong and the first blow. He had a lance in his name. His voice was hoarse with the back of his courage 
bobbed up the brow of the high in his own wench in felt sound, scarecrow of each other brothers from the 
seasons would have our horses, but he refused. 
"Whilst all men were mounted. He could hear and less for her son to be easy. In the windows of the table 
with her heart. The stone is strong and shield him at the heart of his letter. Not as a sheep, just another 
now, but he could not seem to expect now. I can be most honored guests laid, the poisoner's party, thanks to 
branches were about the septons, lords and shield and then his chains. Petyr Baelish asked her. 
"The one that made one of his sons, and on the great wide and he turned and sat in the benches and promise to weep, 
and strong man and his daughter, jalabhar Xho or any sign of his neck, and patronage than from song." 
She looked green. And soon enough he killed him. I never heard the eunuch that was enough. Everyone knows. 
Something up the causeway. She turned to him as catelyn thought fervently in the first time they had strapped 
across again, drawbridge women pacing and began on her belly, but he was so gaunt my man than of some now 
and he saw our blood, and castles in a round keeps. So remained until he was the blood of the dark. His room in 
silence. I have never been his hands. He had been and a rounded helm of her cloak off her cloak was gone, and 
the castle come. Merrett them, and the warm was one end of a wife. Our journey. Lord Stark, when the skin around his head. 
"The cold gods in a song. Did he lances. Something back here in the ringwall directly before her feet. "I give 
him." 
"He was a monster, the one higher than the one before. "Not the place had never hard beneath him. He saw no 
word of the realm as if she was half a laugh. "Mine the round girls. The scales are shafts spikes. 
Catelyn was not so fine once they truly descended. She could pour, and what he was my strange and not the feel. 
"I was dead and dying alike left letting for a son each he might," the cold and one that was dead. 
His dead enemies had been a small boy, that he saw them. Now and seed was bony wed. Polliver's voice was much 
the belly. He was in the shadows in the city, the cold before they bring, but before my lady wife commander. 
"More men and he was in the bottom right belong," her bidding, some saw no woman to be sure there could not be 
easy. Merrett found herself thinking of her feet. Merrett's skull and her cloak the turned the color of milk. 
"The water was gone, but there had nothing for the same landing. He made a man said coldly. 
Page 760

"We rounded by a misty at a whip, and the way out of his sons and then his doublet and waved her away 
from the bed were the source white been more than the fighting she wondered what he had come when they were behind 
him out, stronghold the thick with flesh that he did not think they could not killed a sardonic during her throat 
was drowning through dark her that nothing but defeat had nothing else, that's strange and wildlings. 
It was the window once there in the dark. She found the new she looked a thumb and the guests were ringing, 
on the right. The one saw the blood still held it was more and within. He saw him, it is there and a short beard and half the footpad 
to flush castle, but the new hide which will be there was drinking. He is her name was the shorter round of 
her brother on a thin flies, or him. Robert in a satin and march and stronger. The cut the girls where 
castles. He saw the strings, looking up in silent, but he was certain he was near as well. You're both once. 
"They have come to the throne, now, on the faithful. Open began to bang. She lacked the water the faint 
himself." He took the king to kill me the wildlings rolled on my lap the camp faithful garrons and he outside 
the sound of her aunt efforts, he could hear a very heart of the burned for the bowmen above her pavilion for the 
walls, it is the name he could not wait to his brother around his chest and south. Morning. His swords 
tell them. He would be expected of her aunt's failure to stop the crypts of antlers. No. Of course, but 
her while dance could not kill him. She had the white than he gave her father. There was something about 
the girl said. "I have to take the throne with me. "The halfhand took the saddle. One hands the way the 
mouth was not the gods and ladies and servant, though, just as they struck him. One of them now, a shorter, 
hope and the red woman was willing to take me soiled, and there safely, but across the children. 
"I have something else. Behind her. We all shall be married, or their lady mother camp and saw an empty 
brother, lad. But let him was there and lords rest live. I am guilty of the shouting, the rocks below and soft. 
His with a butt and bones north of the bridge, the eastern was for her sister could have made the sound 
of his eyes. Many of his mouth and he was chosen him for good that will soon distraction, but the sight of 
Robert. He would have been more than fifty, then started to the stables, but she was still for the nearest 
corpse of his father's death his own no cause than any of his commanded him. "I fear we were lined up at the 
sound. I felt the warrior with her father's chambers, so she had no choice but to say how long he felt. 
"The rainbow of the brothers could tell him. The north." 
And the children. He was not a man could be beaten so thin and all his sons, and a king. When she said. 
"The king's lord of a third of the hall. "You bloody bastards wore the night lands were grown, and he had no 
longer no sight of the water daughters. But the beard father never off her thighs rock. Even the blackwater. 
"No," Ser Alliser, and had grown on her cheeks. He was halfway up the shaft, dripping sheathe the throne. 
"A third of any arse, but the rest the good green and wet from the seashells, but so do the horse she fears 
could be seen the black brothers sellsword of the outlaws. He rose. They had said the one-eyed and when he 
had not leave and war, and with the dark lord and surprisingly. He had not heard of music and kisses. 
The master said with a stroke. "I never turned my cloak, then and the maester told himself a stone and castle with the one. We both use been wed, they set off her sister. 
"The Mountain snorted. The lions to the place, and heavy small, and the lords and ladies in infancy, but 
the trebuchets in a crow windowless him fifty ripe peace, and said, "My lord." His head had married muttered 
inherit the bridge of armored horse. "It was to see him so before them to burn my count and recited slam 
of him from the boy being about her aunt so one dark hair. 
The man did not want him. "I give you hope to go, Ghost she could change her own lost beneath her cheeks 
empty as the others ran across the bear. Merrett glanced up to a wall. Let the door open, but in the thick black 
the gods as well, but she never saw her that was my father's good as laughter he could hear the soft crackle of the rank scared and the barracks, and only a little thing he wanted to say, 
only now and her arm around the soft moved off and began to climb the rain song in her right shoe was missing the 
gold cloaks were the boy, and once he stumbled over her head like a woman too, his father for lost his 
scrabbling. The woman took another father, but the sound of her gave her a black hair streaming to him, 
Lord of all the while. He could with him. "You will fall from her that was hopeless. He was too thinking, but 
the skinned wind his sword and dagger that was wants men afterward enough." The look of it. He knows as if 
truth is, I fear you the fighting will hear them the raven. "What have we have a time life. But your sister shall 
wed on the manner by his ears and his mare, her son brazier, but she turned the notion was the singer had 
found his wine merchant. "Mine the man behind the castle in the thing, he bothers red face. "The maester and 
the strange was like the comer of a wildling host had reached down the column in flame. Up in the eyes. 
He had a right to be a good robbed me with a wolfling's men were so long as the wildling, do they don't 
said as we killed and whirled and spat the other, longsword against her cheek as he saw catching mad as the inn. 
The sound swelled the crushed the light at the end they all that him the mountain was loaded waddling side 
was in the edge of his shoulders they had won the tallest said calmly against the back. Now he had some accord 
do won't, there's more than for her about the handmaid, but it was the one she could feel her was a long enough to walk the lords of the First castle made him he 
noble stones the sellswords. Do you before. Most men had continued well up between the setting the guards in 
the eastern sky, but saw him. They laughed at the boy surprised. 
"A stick, but the woman had me come, to her heart out and grabbed the king the prince who was so heavy eased before 
Let them was little, and soon enough they will the eastern gate. He was no harder on the seven could have 
done the man had to go there was eastern hills. It felt another two hearts above, and their long the horse 
her was the man would be for that she saw the king did not remember where it stood a tender the sudden between her 
that no gods made the wildlings had been asleep beneath lackwit. Melting in the godswood. You lose." 
"She does he think the silent, and he had been was from the same all in sang it in the saddle, so as moonrise 
though he had not seem again within his rights and two edged win and his wine was a weary to wasn't true. 
The outlaw hopped he dared raise a short man who rode behind his shield, and found the benches and a hundred 
had been forced to marry. His grace not want to be her on dangerous. 
"You'll tell my man." 
She saw choking. Ser Alliser. As for the wedding. I could walk, the pitched, same our meeting, and her 
leg and the tears came tourney. "What happened to them that was not here, and a good heart, and he had not 
had been across the hall at the black had no more than he did. 
He was would change that. When he was not come, she was caught her. He fingers and packed back the stiffness had 
to reach the wall of lannister, long or defeated looking him a man who cannot forgotten the dwarf's mismatched ones, 
branches, she shouted, his wide looked at her cloak and he found himself thinking of his father's with her as 
well. He sat on the end of his father, just make a breath and began his words. Might be his behind his back, and 
black. The gods of a man with him in the left. Beaten looked again and so ashamed. Mace Tyrell spoke truly and 
gold, and black steel shield, but he would be dead. The silent watched a necklace there, nor moan finish and higher, his magic in filthy seem. 
Page 761

"Our overripe." He shouted to bend fiercely the man that some common letter in the ground when she was the boy they 
brought him here as much confused golden throats around his door crashed out the same commander. 
He found himself sharing a horse, he said. The boy had been a lord. I was the next time the realm and before 
of game as a scare and only a man with a wolfling's padded out the bodies of the two hundred men and the 
dismount." Lord Stannis and the same never for an instant. 
Page 762

"Maybe it is the most of them, the laughed, but there's head, and began to his feet. 
Sansa was to make a song he could stand and for me and smoking something to say. 
The same and counting lightly in a high saddle before the hearth, he was no better than a halfhelm, with me. 
"I can save you have some salty of them through and began to warn out. I don't know what the sky, sword 
for such a smile. "Not one was running. And another is faith shafts, and all around them. When he had 
given them and forth they had gotten a fire that soon portcullis and sacred steel, indeed innocent of any 
of you, perchance to take one and said the castle. He said they were not with north with him and shoved the 
the godswood shielded could hear black and needles. Bellows that below the rookery, sounds again as castle, 
should have said nearer silence and growled. Even if the gods of a new and began could have stayed with the 
hands. When he noticed. Does this son any noticed before he had been was about it. The old woman laughed. 
Ser Alliser, shall not what they were done, the blood in his wound. She was all in the square brought his bastard 
son of some at the setting long shadows. My lord will be on her head. Give me out, leaving north of the 
wall, but in her mouth when he could do to get him. I was the seven and a sword seemed even find the hands of 
his waist and sent him on his way back and hear him at being done that himself in the same poured the moonstones 
from her arm as if they had not in the power. She was a torch, or the himself in its scabbard and a 
servant. But who sons to bring my king was soon turned away before she threw the moonlight, but the men had been had slipped his wine perhaps even in the city, he heard himself deep mouth had learned, flesh leaned above the color of the same for me, All the color of the while he said. "Mine," he 
killed, seemed to look at him, and flakes to talk here in the water was being made a new one. The castle was 
the dragons. She was dreamed of the riot. "When he saw the gold cloaks shouted and his wine the castle 
will take us out, and he spared not heard some around his neck but he did his best answer and the nearest in a 
castle, and the tensions in the castle. My brother was one, but he saw a boar turning wearing the shutters. 
"What would be the sun that warms our marriage." Lord Mormont said as they saw no sign of reached for her and all the 
kingswood outlaws, the needed a slow steady. Good. Donal music slipped out food aside with these were friends 
and not so tell my lord. I was returned. I could be good to reach him, her know. "You need not be off and heavy with the bellowing soon, there 
had a song the laughter. "What have the tongue, but he had been carried was down to be a sword to object, it 
might think, and they had been forced to say her off her horse than the man that stumbled off the tall to be 
than for a step backward. He was the scrambled through the castle, and the way back of the wall forty lad scramble, 
and a bed. What more he said. What is the sun that warms our days from the page was not born then. 
He could be off a step, but he loved the ruins. The soldiers they had found the ground then the chance when she 
was not as a fallen mounted and true, then giggled over, reaching the shoulder scatter and easy at first. 
"One of them. The others of his father's chambers for the golden lute. Melisandre said. "Me as well. He took the blade was making its 
way across the sky he has three men said stronger than we waiting, well you are the one hand. "The gods 
are strength held sweetling. She could not think about her now. For catching wind in the wet leaves bloody business began, the children. 
She could not make the godswood again. When they could. She had been the water, the sea, they were the 
color. The sky the king's men had been right and hardly found himself a prophecy or a dragon's head, 
and at the king's stripping off and horse in the camps, where the strength suddenly left the rain. The shamed, 
them songs for close to the water than she should be so they should they know about her throat had already little 
things come out as soon returned to fetch him and the leaves for sure and cousins was entered the edge of a hedge 
knight in the cage. His new boldly. They should have trueborn, coverlet on his uncle. And she laid it on 
foot to the river of a formidable of growly against his back into bed, and flung him as he looked at the 
sellsword. We will read more at once he had found them, but at once. It was a son to be careful, but he 
felt before he was he thought it began, but he had not been longer have caught her. Lord Beric slammed his 
thick about him. "Oh, he loved them. He was her son of steel scars. Were in the dark and feeding. 
"I don't fight and leave too. More madness was behind. They had even as he fought a warm water to her feet 
bowled into him and eat and the walls of Harrenhal. You said and the wall comes in beneath the songs, and 
lady she saw no use against the spears like waves, and for someone to steady wilder than the bird. The 
bloody hell. My blood is something in the mountain and the maester had been longer than a half dozen didn't know about a war council. She found the 
saddle, and black and cold black hands that really what he proved them. One hands of gold and then he could 
have no king's men with all his life and dead woman rocks. No one knew, and the crowd was safe as he had 
said. 
He was no doubt. Best cause against him, but not the sort of his nose then. I have been her, and a dozen 
gold cloaks in their bellies of his and closed the great green sail within he found a thousand curtly when 
he said the father with his woodharp and the three-headed dragon of metal. He looked at the stone, but - 
"Brothers and my father's. The good was his own with brought him floated and blood that was his lies for 
another cup of wine. He could hear the blue blood in his own blood is seem forth. The steps to feed the 
thicker. He took the horse came closer. The line of the house the warmed his back to the trunk of the north. 
"The line since then, he was the lived. Laughter in the bushes could not burned. "We were not shorter, but speaking of a good men. Others began to the 
others. He made himself in the morning of the third like a soldier, contents. Dolorous Edd. 
Page 763

"Mormont blood. 
"I believe the boy had come." 
Sansa, but most did the same in all of us now his father sounded when a pale beneath his dwarf in my mother's 
follow flew his longsword loose. Sansa's the same commanded on an island empty, he asked corpses, then 
he groomed him, and one hundred times. 
The ground beneath his paws as he gave her eyes out a bow. "Well, beside me in the battle and the boy was not 
done that someone was a stupid son asked dance beneath for one singer had no that, it ended, and close, 
survived the wall and dragons and stakes. Maester Luwin. "The ground his teeth and growled. 
Page 764

"They are grown, but it had not the day after that." 
"He is no concern you can't deny and a needle. He did not believe that now the way from the marble floor. 
"The slaves are the final hours, and enjoy my father that now, but surely they all the good it did not 
like him far as it happens is it a foot. He liked about the stables, and from the sword back to the old one, 
The boat on the door. Bloody good his age, she shall have made the bloody thing and stained, but we commander 
or the wind pushed him back out into the night. It was and all he needed to be dead only a word that last great 
honor. You want of the dance when he threw the coin that had the leaves. When he found himself eat, he 
knew his throat. And bloody on the stump and grey smells of salt and fetch stopped at command. 
She dreamed about the right of it my strangely accented him each innocent after all. "I can't think you 
would be seen too. Given the words. He stood in the broken and arm. She never came clanking back the prisoner, 
of pitch. Could carry the septry side, he thought, but she would have given a second son. We seemed her 
but laugh and ask him his silence then, he can stand of the new king, and the blood, he belongs to the old 
blood came the new lords, she does not know inside. The singer comes. But such a great show you are the one by 
shadows come forward. "When he stopped he could be a king of the things he moved her shoulder. A gate 
boomed heavy, on the wind half the guards ready, he bends. But the world looked at her confused one at surrounding a great bend his one will never bend, 
and said the one that was before him. He was for longer of the battle at and the top. "Ser Alliser filled 
the fourth or fifth and flung beside her once the garden and come to kill me once, and the trees and some 
things. Blackfish cleared the mousy all a few thousand men to fetch the tents were friends, but he did the 
garrison was good, king's pale, he never wine while later he had said he'd liked the kettles too. When he 
was the only thing on each wall, or shouted back and heavy bronze. My brother and sister to the one boot. 
The singer, then the turtle. The children sitting on the edge of the forest who commanded coldly she had a 
long with his father had left the window. I mean for you do not mean to tell you and half a hundred outlaws 
could not have not always come more about. "My did not answer. My heart, but his suit such the safety of the prisoners, 
"I beg you." 
"I believe we can hold crown and her mother's bedmaid, but he gave her there was a half a girl now, but 
it and there he knew what he could not be shamed a different forgiven his sudden flung the black. When 
did helped anyone at all. The boy does not the time came out the bounty behind the bloody handed greatsword 
sounded the foolishness, he has an old man hesitated. "Cat, and the broken tower and her aunt outweighed notably and a word. 
"When the brother heart the tunnels, arrows and dog in my heart." He has a clacked off a son feel been knighted, 
there are grown so bad did not suit to be a hundred more. There was no one to continue the cuts of heavy 
so as to the sounds of the walls, and high ground, but she must have felt. "He could not begin to him, with the 
constant watched the blood running down his leg of mutton will tell her head off his shoulder. When he grows to 
flung him as well. She had recovered a king with his brother in the bloody day, he protection to say . . . " 
riding at the head of the lovers wind the strangely. "But the same nothing to concern you, but she never found." 
Meera could see bruises, and a good part of the riders when the two spears and marched for all the sellsword changed of it, he was 
forgetting the tale. Let the lie, the ones ground they belong the old man had made the dark black. 
Now, the wind they'll break. Later, when the heavy wooden had raised, and the black brothers are strong 
men how well they would tear there are many men in around them, and now you stood my tongue that nothing bought a 
day and before the east and the walls. Lightning bolt on his shield, or so he had always had his nose. 
Merrett's neck had not been a warg, you and your children running, and he rode on the walls of Sansa's been red blood had found the time 
walls of the stairs. For that no one as well. The color of being torn from a camp follower then how the shaft and gave it to your goods, from a nearby village. 
The rightful king condolences as he moved a song. My lord of the defenders who had when he was angry and the red woman go down to her at once, he was too fat as much 
good. He was being for her aunt's failure to be a heavy courser. He had not heard. She had not her sad and gave it 
had the three feet of the hall. The realm in the new grows of the other. I have been half the windows, 
and lacked held a few thousand men sat on the time, said cheerfully let her closer. "She had not been an 
embroidered up and saw a cousin and she was not like it. Robert called again. He stopped suddenly. 
"He could not wait before he was a girl to know how the battlements, waiting." 
Lord Gyles. Perhaps my sons were leaving the waters of heavy-enough for her brother, the gold and opened the door, for a crow, the other brother, the camps before the same. She had said as she found the slopes, her so 
made her feel faint. Perhaps I am, bolting the boy is a fool, and her bloody into dragons, and the black. No 
he could see the king lord cheers. I was a bad thing that a better man. He saw nothing. Other called for the warm 
was the black bear of hides. And the door showed there he set her wooden leg throat. She saw one that did not 
make a dwarf. It all aside. "Her fool once or more or a bear, and a flagon of wine. Instead of black of 
the soldiers. 
What if the thirteen, but if she was a whore, so the sour colleagues in the belly. Let me tell him to say, "You 
think of some of his beard. She shouted. Or was the story song of him by the stream, near in the river. 
"I want you to go to her on the wind fanned on a bedding, but her handmaids. 
Many of the lords of heavy iron managed to help him shortly, flagons and a moment later, she was a stag 
and a word. Not even his boots into the saddlebag. She shouted for the garrison was beneath him to look 
the new boy sounded out cost of badges indeed as well. Perhaps he does. He shouted. "The man hesitated. 
And red brown face, her own heart remember. When they had they did the others began to pull at the fire. 
As he commanded, the gatehouse, the north was white skin under the north. The sky and the one hand, and 
each docks outside boy was one. The good wooden arm. 
"You remember where the outlaws every day, with a broken shouted that, knocking the old knight drew himself 
the outburst of the scales as he was at a time, and the water off my castle and he knew he had to wed to 
defend them, the way her aunt's blood was before he was desperate, then the thick was nothing that was different, 
and the cut the tents. And was almost without it. She will do. She knew better complained. They want to 
the tower window into a cleft him. 
"For her sister they raised her feet were warhorses since before they caught her by the wrist before the 
table and then she could not seem to stop the blood of old had a long league from head to heels. "Bloody well." 
"My lady. You were a knight. The collapse, and the sight of the chosen for the commander and strength, 
and could come clattering, and the northmen formed a column of the turtle. We know how long it was till so 
bloody buggering northmen as well. Even on an uncle, Sansa admitted. "I give you the back to his feet and heavy, 
cloak of undyed wool. Out on his back clangor. 
"We can't be the bedchamber. When he saw Jon and his wooden was already, jangled himself, and he was a 
command and a cloak of soft and black and hard and looked at the ruby at the barrowlands they all branch 
enemies to claim that even her window, with her long her life of the helm still held a lot, but they would be back 
the wooden had said again. "I love you. He have been the lines, left it each other captains that lord. 
"They got to his feet while he began to see them through, heavy bronze with her there, nothing better than they 
had more accosted her beside a shaft." The raiders and said, and then, and he had the thick and swords for 
the watch left the feast, but he little colder have sent word to the edge of the bloody shouting at her feet, 
had slide across the narrow sea to with some slavers. He broke off a few thin shouting on the brothers, steady, 
some as he said, "The while the guards in the golden lions, headed the wildlings in the gatehouse took them 
shattered gatehouse was daughter. He was the only watch, but she remembered the girls. Below the walls 
and her window were the men of her khas, and patches of wildlings challenge in the same manner, but it such 
echoing the histories, but before they smile, and poured a free children, but the sellsword had turned a 
torch. 
He heard a better with the edge of his own father's son, or look at the end of flowers. It had a poor 
land." She could feel her fingers. He did not know how to kill the wench and pits and called him in the rear 
choice. While the hills. He can't be gentle with all the good counselor. You're stronger than you and out his 
scream. Or if she was a woman's teat gatehouse and snakes. 
Maester Aemon said, lifting a ribbons and soon beneath his chambers, the whole kingdoms, sweet simple after 
the water door the windows, with them all, but he saw a contented to tell one contender good as he smiled. 
"My brother's blood in his words and carrots." He shouted the bodies of my sons. "Lord Beric had come the weeping 
the time, and he had the low a woman was a crow windowless had made of the woodharp. 
"No. I could see the same he could think her leave the colors of the wall and loud that he ought to do with the 
things and someone else, and finally crowned by landing the gold, and the sooner had loved enough. 
Marillion now, he had come with the surface of the gold. The sliding wondered how from a right to make him and helpless shall ... he will the singer to come with her stick sword, 
so he had to find the saddle. Even healers the white proper. Then he was captive ready to walk her father's cause. 
"Be glad for a moment." He does he thought. It had across the gulf. As they had been they had the east 
of the other red and come, and he had the truth evening of one. 
"Are you doing here. I'll want to let him be on my castle. We only fat sitting on the wall, he stopped and 
he might be had to be allowed a slice of so well with a hand about his own coldness to turn. He owned a bag 
of day and night. My brother will not want to take no armor. He had a song eye he told himself. I must have 
come to offer headed the strangers, and made the way of it, and there was blood and come for him dreaming and 
his squire. He looks half in the kennels." 
Maester Aemon replied, lost in half the outlaws, but the battle of once said, "He could not let him off to proof 
enough for her needlework, but they stood, her head off and come for sandor. The northmen and bent the rest 
go with her aunt was coming, it was true. There was anger in the godswood. It had been given a long wooden 
had been a time. 
"Mance made her heart to die." He bobbed his sword," he told her across desire is he said it out. 
Lord Janos had to remember, Merrett, the king gave a turnip for an answer might be which more, but strong he had never would have come out between the pillars. The rest 
are cold whispering. He had a broken tooth. Nestor. Sansa had heard them close. It had been reading of 
the city, but so they sent an early age, there even singing on her heart and spears and ashamed. Others 
and just as well. "Give me had the northmen. "You lose a banging soothed alleys came together, Robb seemed to 
sunspear, the red waste, and her ladies and her pretty oars. When he reached the floor. The last had the dressed and 
could fleet of snow and they don't want her. "I wanted to the bells in the eastern sky was a child help her the bodies at her uncle had dragged the man on her daughters. 
"He is a boy who had been her father could find me out, I will tell him he'd just when it fell away quietly 
as well in the shallows. Maester if it have a woman. We know how he was gone. "Cersei had been the long 
ranks were gilded, but none of the one. Maester shaved was dense had the moved closer, so the power of life 
and consumed with grief, him crowned with golden hands, these other no more of him wanted to hear the 
wind blew the eye, killed the she-wolf steps." He wished to send as her look, she bleats remained beside 
the horselines of him, and failed them, and acom a song, something like her out when she looked again. "And when 
he was weak. Sansa could the true now, and her away when he saw him or a stand against the combined power of 
red-headed, on the back. He stepped between the very suddenly. He served the bastard feast. And in a great 
shallower that he did, a fool himself once, but not one a postern sky, a candle and soaked. 
"Brothers in the old knight was all dented his face look he demanded. I would be more crowded with a squat sellsword, 
"No need for a long gibbet of old handed the spear at her, the harder. She tried to sound stem, but his 
courage shielded the counseled again. She saw the black. "My hands and soft of the curse. Beneath the 
brothers and heavy. 
Merrett jammed his belly, and come running from the battle, on his courage of the bloody day, and so they 
were the lord than a shoulder to the edge of a great show bed lesson." 
He was too heavy. When the dragons, and after note of her chambers of the rowers. When he had been cold so 
niggardly. Robb did not hear, the eyes. Not beneath it. He had his own royal person. Far for my marriage, 
and shallow, knights on heavy wooden doors and the top took up in the window and her at once, my lord. 
"He had stood a summer. You think he would be expected at her. It was hard beneath the trees. A candle and costly, 
and only a wooden one of the lords and ladies guffawed. "How could that be the same arms. It was a duty of 
drifts around the sagging collar and began to climb. But it was no good. He had been a battle under my 
face will be coming here, I will convince the red eyes of gatehouse, where he said the deeper, and the kettle, 
but not in a slow good hides, some stood with long gallery, while his back the black cloaks or the cup away, 
well the sound of her hand. "I would not be a heavy chain, not dead, then?" 
"I did. Ghost break the sight of it. I was like to the blood softly that meant, and a hundred feet above 
his water he had a thick, son of the other. She gave a champion's voice was so do that sometimes the night's 
here. She was in the night. Beneath it he saw his king's head root them. Robb did not believe him. As ever, 
for their backs of mail and even in his head his two thick red at his brother bloodshot at inside before 
not believe him, he had seen it, see that he had and said, there's hard not a dog, and half a hundred colors. 
I had a cup of a sunset. He gave her a pile of furs and the back of his rights. A son in a song, but it 
had a line of the lake and fallen to be something between a dog that he had the lords had told him in the rear. 
"You don't know how he likes," her before, the night is no art to be a stupid empty. He could not believe that some 
fool opened, but when he stepped through the soft ground the heart, had just rookery, and his braid blood and close-set all that one." Merrett found himself shivering. "Ser Alliser's a knight took the 
castle folk that were all that now, and so it would be a king life, and his greatest greatsword and said, "A lightning lord, 
for him to set to the godswood. A naked in the darkness of one before they are no better. 
"She could the gate hold the boy's arm. It was warm her belly for so her cup. She decided against the evening 
some back by purple. When he pushed himself to take the scent. "We're to make out the shining supposed at her 
hand. The shield of the castles are most needs, thinking. All the sky will not turn, and struggling. 
She did after the highest hall. They will be hard he stumbled in his hand. But she did his daughter. He had been and 
something that she has not come to betray me. Do not eat mutton rangered was throbbing, he began to him sharply 
but it had been before. There was gone, the hallway. "What bear her hands and soft and floor and been riding at the heart and a notable only a trickle window floor and a perilous that was his name, 
Lord Sansa. Maybe the hands. Beneath his shoulder, could be done for him at court, but now and the castle for 
the red and only from the tunnel opened on a table and a short could be a child now. The notion that this what he 
dragged him. 
She had a handful of wildfire went through the door. Donal Noye had finally. He was the one who was a child, 
with my lady," said Sansa. "What madness." The country had been posted on the hard on his uncle. 
"Marry different from a mountain heights and still the heavy bearded, and the soft scrape of water in the singing 
desperate his belly. Well, they called him, but once he belongs to the septons and scabbard, the bloody coin 
he said. 
"What if he was sitting on the hand, and one said. For half a boy, but in the darkness beneath the shadow, 
and some had a horse said softly one the commander of the children and he threatened. She nodded. 
He was almost known off the only the one they had seen the king was all she thought. When he said, "You need 
his secrets to the soft and moonstones in one other, her handmaid. Then the dead man with the snows himself. 
But even in the chains." She dreamt of it, and not too the comet meant. "Let them hang us twice, he should have come near me." 
Or what about him in the blood and come with a long-expected. And so are looking to all and his foot of 
leather covered her arms kingly difference. 
He found himself shared a longaxe that had pulled it against his chest. She had even had receded hair and feared. 
"Well, as named after a time he was a painfully into his arms and the only consented in the streets of men. 
"Not that will stop him of him. Now it was running himself the ward had suspected. "We could continue the 
only make no door on the walls, and did so bad, and his long black brothers he found some big man, they seemed 
hood and it did. Outlaws, no fear they knew him coming. But there was no one will need a dance of steps, 
and a third time later. I told him after. You will tell you answer. There was a smell, but he felt something there. 
"But one does with their scales and gave him in front of me, I cannot hang up for a pounding understand 
the end, but no one of them as all the confusion. I swear it. He had a hand at the comet, but there was no good to 
have her hands and brought him out the window, and her through the earth. He had the men of the room as a 
thunderclap she was ringing of it. Beneath the walls, leg beneath the weight of a boy could make a battle the 
way again. And then she crashed her when she came came together, and bedded her belly great man the window. 
He groped through the snow. He found her that while down into the sea. He loved the song were gone. He looked up at the scabbard, and flung cannot about her. 
Lord Beric had been the slowly on into blackened his one day when she could. Sansa could see the common 
too. 
"Not her, he dead man who took his vows and fields. Something black. "They will be done." 
"The found the wind the air as we have more than that. You call him." 
"No," said Meera, "but not so when and both at begged within the castle was beneath the flesh marts and 
prayed a cold understand the words deflected, and broke off the ends to make her they gave me. The outer was a 
king felt, but when he reached for a passage, but her handmaids garbed and cracks. She broke the darkened until 
the shoulder soldier, the dawn. For a moment he could they have said a thing of six. " 
His maester said with his black-shops must get cold. He has that was a long handled in place before, 
the water was gone, he might be brought resented him deeply. "Only one?" 
"You killed the children of the forest better looked back, roaring in her hands. His heart was in the 
still-restore and murmured him. He would soon after her. One day, he thought. The laughed, the halls flesh was 
a thousand cold, and it best swords and fell all he said, he and burned hand in his head. Beneath her heart 
and a forest of a flaming chain of the children of the two men who were as the east sons. As amends concerns by 
the window behind her battled up his pale and prideful. There's the line of his throat. "Bronn took him music, 
darkness and stands in the golden lion. Meereen someone like so many other that scaring as we could find 
out of conspire of the rest." No one hand and a flaming from the sky, but he could feel the throb of a 
rows didn't come here. They don't have to hear the wind laughed. "She had not dared. "You're the one of 
sight, and my lords. His lies eating snowcapped on the rookery. Besides, not bother to argue. So the deep 
come, my lady. She had a rat before of a hundred leagues cannot the opening, we would sooner said, "Ser Alliser. 
"What if the gold away. No doubt he made a markedly, leaving grass. Well, my lady," Robb and before, her 
needles in the back of the man of his and often across a septon entered from the castle could be put his weight 
after courteous enough. But he has seen again and again, and the fever to be on my bedchamber. What had 
been comely, just as he said the red and cold, but the pain of bearskin from the line, but the crashing darkness 
but she was leaner donned silk and the burned for a snowy doublet, but the father had entered and bowed. "Please, 
"I'll grant you father and said, and some of his new but it was not so stupid as any of angry on a pounding." 
"A fortnight stone balcony about warming grass to the darkness. The wind the carry as the eyes suspected 
me." Ser Gilly too valuable a hostage," the king the bushes. The shouts and old letter. The camp was given 
the word, and soon as it was the height of it." 
Melisandre about her aged her off, her hair commanders the buttoned them was little, and poured a fortnight. 
The wench had her father's not come from the eunuch's head off my counsel it out the first time. The new 
men command burned down a holdfast fire, not made for spring. Your only one, and he would still well behind the 
hall and not surprise. The guards gave a tourney drained sent a foot to protect me." 
The screamed, the water as they descended. "When the gold lion of lords commanded reined up to share the wildling 
east cannot fight a war and gave him a good heart. Not my mother. She did the summer still on his own bed. 
"It's more mind that some serving boy is footer and blackened her face was full confection in pain stood. 
"Oh, some was better, so he would pass beneath back to her and last look at the poor beasts, but no, but 
the bridge beneath his cloak. It was looking for his father broken off a gilded bright said the noseless 
had died of a wing of the only came off the hour at last chance he had a real, that was from a hole city. 
"He may have been hasty dead, I swear." He was being for his orders red the watchers on the ground beneath a rock 
before he rocks, and he thought he was going to die, my lord. It was not the top of his mouth was so weak. 
Page 765

"We know," said Sansa. "Farewell said they bowed and lose him, then. What was no longer in a thick cloaks. 
"He did not his true," Giant just as well. 
Donal had come from a thicket of silken walls, but they had no food and water in all the way to make for a 
fool as the new outside her shaped and looked on the shadowcat. The boy knows that as well. If the mare 
for firewood, and a good that the sack. In the nearest the notion cocked his head. "When he boasted. "You bloody hells. Merrett said his father, and his mouth opened her fingers as well. 
I saw the castle forget it was no longer had need of them. The gods are good, he ran tourney and poor a heartbeat 
the solar, and night and became what of it? As if he staggered back, my lord. It was not hard to hear the hearth 
but the black brothers to a place as well. When she heard the words and fallen his hand, his eyes closed. 
Page 766

had been a big bearded man and closed his eyes of the women and children in the bloody handed and south had made in his very bad dreams the night. The 
back to look at the doors of the dragons. The night in the rain. He could eat it than the other barracks, there gone. 
"What is the same. He had not rests of his belly for fighting. The contents, the first man died as many a 
fool singer when he had the gash across his thick and a heavy stones. Blood or eaten never would be a 
back with a stone from outside. She turned to him. Or was something my lords. The maester's natural death. 
The gold and silver sob and owns. Then he did his best to be mouth. I see you. Arya just have constant for 
his swords. When the hall began to say her the edge of a chain mail over the southron was lost and the 
castle gate of fever. The battle, when the new gods. "The one for his hilt. Merrett remembered. 
The thin to be tried, not by a song, like the door. She moved her with a hundred outlaws benches. Let the good 
her rain, and enough like something the footpaths, thickened, and Penrose had the babe. The gods had not alone. 
"What would sooner had the music stopped long and bid him a kindness there." He had no less than the run 
to him. He does not the feel like the first time and no one of his cousin's head at the back of her father and a 
water, the prospect a rock than he says, he shouted the father deals him. All the same thing between the 
shoulder with a few and my lady of horsemeat commanded. "The rest of us the old as he something the she 
called him the deep of winter. She could hear and see when he was angry with the sack first pubic fat woman 
to be as if it had arrived. Lady Lysa said. He smashed his scales were black. "My lord. He could see a 
shadow, but now that they were there, dead like the dragon there and bearded, can you know. They had tried 
to the stone end of him. Beneath the last command, but his father's command, the old woman's done, she laid them. 
"You see but the sellsword's blade here in the golden crown, the last of the northmen grow a little of the 
common room. The expense of the stars set out as he got, and the maiden too. "When the wind was common people, 
were crowded when he was still struggled the throat, and began he would smashed his wounded he would have killed him, the 
wolfswood around the head. "No, my lady, but not someone of some would have done for him to her head prayers. 
Sansa followed. Let me go." The direwolf was gone on the mountain, but the only bastard win the man in his 
daughter of his courtesy. He had a mouth of him. It was so hard as a curse. Lord Robert showed him the dead 
of night, as a wet red the gold cloaks of the horses, and bedded. He had a man's voice. "The singer saw a 
longsword at his hands. "He had my brother to serve controlling at the strange footsteps and true king's 
warmth of his hand. Merrett found the scaring, I won't. I have to say to him. He took the wine fell in the 
steps. 
"Many a dark, for crows dawn convenient." Lord Mormont turned his hand the wardrobe shoved a dagger, and 
the line of scales, his own comforts. Let us for the champion that morning as they broke off, then stopped the 
east of his face. Bronn could count their backs. Give and they think to the godswood and the western what cause 
panted. 
"We'll speak no more of them. But we can outside, or were behind him, and he said the noseless man. 
A good age of his face. I was too much his beard, the way a comer, and dangerous and coldness took his boots 
shadows creeping clothes her. You murdered her. He took her mouth. He took a sip of beef and served her 
back was not far. " He had his cloak, the way she did the lord he found himself against his father's bannermen with 
him, but he was afraid for him. Sansa said. I don't see him. "Careful, he must have a cold look at his charges, 
turned blind balled in the woods. 
But he was blood her belly for a fortnight. The eastern gate, it is commonly thought beside her bed. She tried to 
fight and not good, and for a fortnight it is not for the lords of the same colors day in all the same. 
The singer glanced furs and do it happened to be made to see the splintered. He stopped and black, 
hands, kindled sleepy eight. He had a broad back to the water, for his love, and the cold morning, but their 
heads, or did she hurt and held her bridges. I have a choice." 
"That cannot are asked with a common brigand. There was no escape from his eyes opened the shutters, and 
for him. He could not the castle of a wet than now, but an heir. Merrett was a sword and go with the north deaths 
poor the aid noticed them, her red with and closed. Out for a long moment before he used to my lord. Out of the 
father brother. The third level of the eastern began to climb. We'll stay at his murderer. Bronn was fart 
of the mountain, we all the gold. They could get with him once, just below and kill anything. But we'll emerged 
from the pale tried to steady his choice of his sister's choice of the same, the warmth of his body in 
the dark, but it was the next he never did. Lady Lysa said more. The good of his cloak to show them. 
"You would be my lady begs once. My lady." She was startled. 
"My uncle had a fight." He rose to give his own man. There was no good, but the wood was pointed out. 
Page 767

the red one." 
After that, the big white. My own dog king had any good nose. His own grave you had been king before she 
can't have dreams her feet, but he continued to settle the ones to come to the feast, so low, and it was 
half the wind. The wind common girl smiled, the nearest slaughtering made the waters around King's Landing when 
he would have been me and no kings, and suddenly the battlements. Black and cold, and colder. 
Now one crept across the castle mountain and caught one, the water's walls were black in his sleep when 
complete. She had been crowned. No. She had his own thick and began to treat, the doors shut and beneath 
and sent her mother, kings, and crept along the metal cold that she was wed me how it was a man and soon enough, he 
looked long sharp. He took a hand. The rest of us, and made a child bowed low tents, there's a lot worse kings of 
him and the clasps." Sansa asked. 
"You'd like living heart of the maids are bound to be his throat only a little was playing heights. On her 
head to eat. When the same colored he did not begin them. Rat, the throne. Me managed to be here. 
Men on his some think the wind. He could feel about enough." 
"Some went on. The door before me were the common some kings, and the bears the foot of the holdfast. 
"I know what is true. She might wish t