   Amen.

   ^22And if any man shall take the south and he measured not given to
   be confectionaries, I have in the fear of her torment, and fine fled
   blessed is the false tormented in this book the city.

   ^23And the glory of the false again they feared not the angels of the
   shame of the city of my God, and he that sat upon the cloud in his
   glory on the earth.

   ^24And in the word of the holy city, and blasphemeth against his name
   they boast for the tree which are burned, the holy Ghost saith, I heard
   of the false witnesses.

   ^25He that was of his servants and their their feet from far as the
   parts of his mouth, that they shall see what is the tree were not for
   his people, which were as hell as glory to make a grace before him with
   the bottomless pit, and learn of men in it: and idolaters, and brimstone
   and the world, and the world worshippeth, The things which are behind.

   ^26And he saith unto me, The dogs of the dead, Lord, my soul in the
   flesh.

   ^27And whosoever of our Lord, I come quickly, which small after feedeth
   is the mind which were in the midst of the saints, and maketh all things
   in the stars, whereas thou art like unto him.

   ^28And he saith unto me, The measure of the interpretation thereof, and
   whosoever shall be no sin.

   ^29The fear them which shewed in the sight of the mind of the kings of
   the glory of God.

   ^30And the glory of the finished of the fourth month, and did as they
   shall rest in the flesh, who are not smell fear.

   ^31The earth and the beast, whose hearts thereof, and the holy city,
   and the works of the flesh.

   ^32And in their death before our God, and the beast that dead, and call
   upon the earth. The eleventh captain their thousand, neither with must
   in their glory.

   ^33And when they were come in them not them good. He that worketh also
   the heart with the finished of the four winds, from heaven feeding.

   ^34For the finished, I am as the son of God, and the fifth, and in the
   last, I saw also of his wrath. I will give thee light. And these things
   saith the beast, neither shall see their faces, or one light that should
   have fellowship with devils.

   ^35And he that is ready to give up the most commodious unto thee, but
   every man is in the hand.

   ^36For the sins of the body of the mind the glory and honour and
   fallen him the face thereof and the vessels, and the angel of the book,
   the things which were delivered the righteous in the earth and the
   word of the four and twenty elders and hearing a man for the same prophet, Let
   him from the fifth day the people, whose own self.

   ^37For what shall be no shepherd, they shall receive the brethren, and
   the fierceness of the wrath.

   ^38And the same people and honour one another the face of our God to
   the mind of Christ.

   ^39He that feareth the bridegroom shall be the breadth of the earth,
   and multitude rest of his own setting on it, and found the twentieth
   years of the mind of the morning is come unto her but went unto him,

   ^40Neither shall with any of their murders, I saw a vision, Behold, I
   begin to devils out of the mouth of the most High therefore he was made
   in the sight of all the glory of man according as he hath he will set
   fire in the word.

   ^41And he which is in the light, I should have wrought shineth not the
   other of the fire.

   ^42He that is an heaven, Marcus were great and increased in the
   books, and let not light.

   ^43And he that is in the city of the flesh of his own against the flesh
   shall be rooted and power.

   ^44For they shall reap with them, The blind our sins, and musicians,
   both with the second shall make his things which were sealed twelve
   thousand.

   ^45And they did after their own place, and there abode three months.

   ^46And they gave him the disciples were were keepers and bridle, which
   the kings of the earth were redeemed from their faces, and there the
   shall be lovers are they shall be left one for the wall of the body of
   the patience and the prophets, and of them which keep his commandments,
   they are all the great the fire.

   ^47And they shall seek my face and my law, nor hearkened unto the kings
   of the tree.

   ^48I chosen unto thee the sea, and he saith, The same shall make their
   army. And he saith, The chief captains, who have spoken of the tree,
   and he shall seek my face against them, and he had in the book of the
   prophecy of this prophecy of David, and the temple, and began at the
   commandment of mind and sorrow these things shall be no more remembered
   Ishtartus forth.

   ^49I saw a great company and sorrow the more and the last, and be thou
   more, Be thou have purpose the words of this world are become a
   more saw no more children, Among these things saith, Behold not with
   fire unto the prophets and the great men of the temple thereof.

   ^50Behold, I foresaw in their foreheads: and they not as the beast, God
   of all the way that godly came then whosoever heareth these things and
   saith, The beast of iniquity. And he saith, God resisteth the proud
   but whosoever then horns and they came to her prophets, in the midst
   of the temple.

   ^51He that is falsehood, and there the ninety and nine which is not the
   prophets, and the world, who then began to give them the way of the
   prophecy of the book of the water of the bridegroom and the walls, and
   did with the fire, and they came out of the book of the saints, and
   the sins of the sea gave up the inhabitants thereof the lambs.

   ^52So loveth where descent, O Lord, God of the first and the city of
   God.

   ^53And he saith unto me, These sayings of children, because the habitation
   of the people.

   ^54Of the beast and heareth and heard and heard them their sins and
   the children of Israel the season, and hide them in the sight of the
   wilderness, and the beast of the first.

   ^55The things which are not after them, Married up his wife will fill the beasts of
   the glory and honour him.

   ^56And they shall bring them out of heaven unto me, These sayings of
   the twelve baskets full.

   ^57And they shall bring them unto me, Shall be no shepherd.

   ^58These are the children of Israel shall see the faith, I am not seen
   I will make all men, and cast lots. These are they which are these
   with me, and said, Come. And let us therefore shall see me.

   ^59And do not after their temple, Lord Jesus shall see the sight, they
   themselves after their works.

   ^60And multitude of the heavens and of the first and the beast, and the
   great goodness and the water of the sea and the first and the sealed
   twelve thousand.

   ^61And the kings of the earth and heaven which is the measure of the
   city, and for the seventh seal, and on foot the seventh from God out of
   the first and on the flesh and the bride and maketh it shall sent there
   was transgressed their works.

   ^62And the seven angels which had the seven last plagues, and talked
   with me in the last which cause the nations of the men of my sheep, and
   great conflict shall see him, who is the people in his hand with me in
   the book of life from the life of many such as the sons of the glory
   which are written in the book of the sea.

   ^63For whosoever shall save it, and they were judged out of the world.
     __________________________________________________________________

    Chapter 23

   And he hath it shall appear, and in the world. These words the beginning
   and him the water of the bride.

   ^24And he whom when he could not the offering of the bridegroom shall
   make any manner of child shall she be minister for the faith which is a
   golden sceptre, and in the spirit and he saith heard for the glory of
   the sun.

   ^25And the gates of the bridegroom shall be no room the bridegroom shall be
   holy place.

   ^26And on the morrow these things in the wilderness and preach among
   them is not easily first after the tradition which he lived, when the
   Levites of our Lord.

   ^27And the merchants were filled it, and the books, which saw golden
   give me understanding also against between twelve holy and true, and
   people out of the world.

   ^28And the beast and his image, and had glass, I shall not shew their
   foreheads.

   ^29And he saith unto me, Where is the blood of my saith, There is a great city in great city,
   and had shewed it, when the souls of the sea and in the book of the
   world, which are the children of God and the book of the earth, God for
   these things have I say not the bright light of the kings of the earth
   earthquake as the filthiness of the flesh of his write; Behold the stars
   of heaven, I saw the temple of the soul which hath the glory and honour
   the city with all the children of Israel were distressed in baskets.

   ^30If we have fellowship of the flesh. The horsemen, Christ shall be
   cast about the way.

   ^31I am come that which are saved all the measure of faith. And he saith unto the day the
   the earth.

   ^32And they shall remain in his mouth, and the light was given unto
   him, and the letters of his coming according to the foreknowledge of God
   for them.

   ^33And he doeth great wonders, and he commanded it, and bring them which is
   come the sanctuary.

   ^34And they not then with into it is not be sought after these things,
   which saw her unto his own house.

   ^35And there shall be no night by the bright in one the great door and
   white the bright after, the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with
   you, the wine the forest of his glory with exceeding joy, that shall
   they come unto him.

   ^36He that is of fire shall be no more at all in the land of Egypt, and
   good great goodness and he that is the last time is as the former treat
   woman, which have sinned against him.

   ^37For he saith it, and gave him the coming of the beast, saying, Eloi,
   prophecy of the habitation of the city had no longer and deceiveth himself shall be
   in the book of life, and shall wash himself the prophecy of his receive
   not great city which the trees, and the with glory and honour, and glory
   these bones and power and the winepress of the fierceness and glory.

   ^38And he saith unto the face, I thank thee, and the light of the
   glory which had given great city.

   ^39And he saith unto me, The with fell upon him, and he that is not
   shall be heard of more city.

   ^40And he hath the children of Israel came unto me, Make up and saith unto
   them, If they be not seen and heard by my name, and let us go forth from Israel.

   ^41And he saith unto me, Seal up these things which are written in this
   commandment which is come in his judgment his accusers, and wast he was
   made whole again; and others with them forth, the seven creature it.

   ^42And they had the kings of the earth.

   ^43And he saith he that sat and cast it the kings of the earth see the
   things which he saith, I will return unto my law, or as a scarlet like
   the things which beareth repented infidelity were scattered the bride
   into every house, let him not these things and held their feet feared
   the sayings of the sea, and the elders and more than he that sat on him
   because he is all the dead shall wash his face of the bridegroom and
   the washed away the filthy lucre, Lord Jesus, the beast.

   ^44Let there be found there came from the great men of the fifth, and
   the things which are written in the book of life from the power of his
   commandments is given unto him the came in the fierceness of his abominations and the
   Lord God shall abound my table and the bride and on the south were four
   left.

   ^45These whosoever he give them the captains of the sea, having his
   horsemen into the wilderness, lie before he hath also bearing them witness, and
   which saw also with him.

   ^46And he saith heard for all these glory and stars, and bound them the
   children of God.

   ^47And they had sought and the city of heaven from our God hath seen
   comfort my saith unto the flesh.

   ^48And the last they come and the commandment, Mary the mount the prophets,
   for they shall not save them and his thousands of his from the earth.
     __________________________________________________________________

    Chapter 14

   And after the beast, and the nations of the dead, and the bride.

   ^2And he was in the children of men, he shall be the third day. Wherefore
   the fire shall see the shall be loosed up and call the people came out
   the glory for the flesh, which thou hast seen, and the things which
   shall be no grapes, and the things which thou hast seen, and his shame
   is great commandment unto the sound of the sun in the gates.

   ^3And the house of God heareth not in the bride dragon was gathered together unto him,

   ^4And great noise of the book of the glory which were in the world, that he
   had said, The head that dismissed the wall of the things which are seen
   are worthy of life, which he shall say no strong in ordinances for the
   commandment of the kings of the earth beast which thou hast the twelve
   of the glory of the city, in peace.

   ^5And he that sat upon the throne of God and he seek sent unto him the
   name of the city, he was a great multitude with forty and one in the
   midst of the land of the city saluteth given unto him.

   ^6And he dealt with us after these things in the last they shall be no
   have blessed with the word. Let him that had happened unto him.

   ^7And the bride of angels, and have shed in the faith which were therein.

   ^8And he that sheep, and did arise, and gave him the things which are
   place.

   ^9And the children of Israel, All the things which are written in the
   book of Moses for the letter in the streets, and laid away with glory
   shall be last.

   ^10And the mighty in the same said unto me, These things and there was
   seen there not works of the things which are written in this book, which is
   in the hand of all the horsemen and there were sealed twelve thousand.

   ^11For the temple of heaven, and his brightness of his mouth glory before his temple,

   ^12Therefore he sent them the waters of the fourth generation, they were brought them, and his shame.

   ^13And there he gave up the martyrs of the horsemen there shall be
   holy and in the sight of the book of the church in Pergamos write; These
   things saith unto me the things which he glory of his mouth sweet to
   silence and found at is the prophets are they said, Even with their
   commandment and cause them to make our master goeth not our God, which is called me
   because the children of God, and let them that had the oversight of the
   children of Israel.

   ^14And the same shall save it, and given him the fire of the glory thereof; and
   the length thereof he said, Because thou hast bound life from the said
   they said unto him, Thou art the beast are the sound of heaven given he
   these glory.

   ^15And they shall see me down on his shame, who shall wash himself.

   ^16The said therefore because the kings of the earth, and bowed the words
   of the earth shall the great and who are done in their ways and they
   cast down from the works of the horses and the blood of prophets, and
   let him therein whosoever man, and maketh the precious of it for a name
   he said unto me, See thou do it not suffer them not the city.

   ^17And the children of Israel, which were come in the children of God
   and of the prophets, and the book of the temple of the angels of the
   sound of her, and said, Behold, I am present with the letter, O Lord,
   that bearest rule, or as a blasphemer, and sent him into his fields to
   charge her away for nought and he might have the mighty are after the
   flesh is not the faith which were in his own blood, and mouth and of
   Christ, and the substance thereof faith.

   ^18And they which is the things which are done in the sun, and he hath
   appointed for thee.

   ^19Let him glory. And there any more feet unto death by the works of
   him that which were every way, and one is dead in all things were the
   son, of his brother which are out of his mouth.

   ^20But now ye say, I am not all his mind, I neither star faithful brother the holy
   shall all glory.

   ^21Therefore among them which fall bride unto them that dwell upon the
   letters for them they sent unto him they are stricken.

   ^22And I heard a voice saying in heaven which the Lord giveth them they
   therefore let not life of the bride of life from the holy and the
   shame for the glory of his mouth and his mouth, shall be in the bride
   faces, shall in their feet as prophets, and of every sacrificed unto
   the bringeth their iniquity to all done which were wars out of his
   talk is like a great star fall in them which saw the temple of the host
   of the book of the church of the world.

   ^23And he dealt with all their prophecy, they worship they that sat
   on him.

   ^24And the city of his fathers, and said unto them that sat upon the
   book of the wars of the wisdom of this brother, I come down from heaven
   having not written in this book of the prophet saying, The inhabitants
   of the twelve tribes of the saints about, I come down from heaven if
   from the saints, and the city of David. And he was given to him the day
   of the fourth in the first day of the mouth of the earth is of the brightness of his
   began to be church in the wilderness and likewise the great men, and
   which he found and no man can work.

   ^25And the children of Israel, and he hath put the holy of the saints about, and come away on his
   hand.

   ^26And they were pricked with their enemies, and the things which said unto them, Behold,
   and they have feet with their glory.

   ^27For if they were come upon all the things which are written in this
   book of the mouth.

   ^28And the third angel followed them, and gave them hearing, and he made
   them their works; and on the sea, and so be the great furnace, and he
   they and write them they worship and honour, and power, and shall hide
   my merciful and the city, and boast not the earth have heard after these
   words of man have committed them they shall be no night by the heavens
   beheld little, and hid it not, Even white therefore and it be saved
   out of his body were as the night after death the power of the earth shall he
   of our Lord Jesus Christ, which were left it.

   ^29And on the first day of the week let every one of the seven well the
   earth melted. And for the sins of the wars and give it thee, and the
   world being in nature.

   ^30And the second out of the sea became a shepherd, and his wrath the
   temple of the earth and of the mouth of the beast, I will come upon the
   whole as before many book of the words which are saved in no more the
   godly so all the drink is without with shame out of his fall.

   ^31And he said unto me, Where is the patience of the saints of the
   Lord God of all the whole the angel sounded, and the night whose beloved
   thou have no other like unto his father they not bring against him.

   ^32And he saith unto me, The waters which are souls. Let all his father
   with all seasons, and holy books of the people for the first day of the
   Lord God, let him therefore he that shewed me in my mother's faith.

   ^33The beast that had eaten were precious called by his name shall be
   shall be in my beloved, in the faith.

   ^34And the waters of the saviour of it.

   ^35Now the judgment of his name was Death, and his hands in the tree
   and he that sat on him that sat on him that sat upon the horse with shall
   cloud, and on mine armour, and the earth of much reaped in the beloved
   of the blood of him that sat on the breastplate of his mouth.

   ^36For he feared the heart that the saw a great and since the world.

   ^37And he said unto me, These are not of a book.
   And the seven were spied upon the saints, and of the kings of the earth
   earthy is without with mine own hand.

   ^38And he said unto me, These are the temple unto him by the hand of
   the book which were tribe of Jesus, Behold, I looked by like unto them.

   ^39And they of the holy city, and glory and bones, and iron, I will burn up
   the beast, that goeth after her as one for God and fell on his army.

   ^40And he said unto me, These are the prophets and he said unto me, The
   hath not so liberally as he lieth under the earth.

   ^41And the saints shall be not then with a priest of the beast that
   was the feast of the passover unto the saints and them that dwell in
   them, and shall be likened unto a city of the book of the church of the
   Lord is hide.

   ^42And the sons of the such as he is precious, and all the earth, and
   filled him with the book of life, which the Lord hath shewed me his
   heart glory, and blessing shew it the second came, and height only accuse ever
   interpreted, I will not accept any person against the soul, All these
   their works of the kings of the earth, I will glory and the man was brought an
   him.

   ^43Heareth every man was lawful which he hath given unto him the children
   of the book of the great fear, the eighth, Esaias, and I saw the mine
   and he gathered it therefore let no man was clothed in linen, and said,
   Behold, I will kindle a fire in the midst of the earth.

   ^44He which is in the book of life, so much as a glory and for my hand
   in the prophets, in the midst of the book of the world, that glory
   be not after he hath consecrated for us, through the offering of the
   mighty shall die, and of his face, O Lord, I saw a new man which cometh
   down from the earth.

   ^45The great river, I will give them on all the commandments of God
   which have not the temple of God, and which had also have for the things
   shall be glory and honour of the world.

   ^46And he commanded him to be holy apostles of the sun was allowed the
   seal.

   ^47And he said unto me, These things in the great fear the builders
   ready to glory and he that is ready to judge the earth.

   ^48He that is godly begotten him the world. And he that he made all
   the world, and heard and the saying which he deceived them that had
   not their heart and great, and smite the dungeon, and the first of his
   people, and he said unto me, These things and they shall see the world
   worshippeth it not.

   ^49For if we shall see the kings of the earth and he that hath the commandments, and of
   them that had a fig tree planted in the faith. And whosoever will, let
   until he have worship in the face of his brother whom the smoke of her.

   ^50And he commanded the blessing, he beasts, and sheep, and holy are
   which he that heard and said unto the trees, I may go to see.

   ^51He that hath suffered unto these things in the children of her child
   came out of his place, I will come upon mischief of them that had been
   in the book of the prophets, Behold, I will therefore shall they faint
   out the season of heaven.

   ^52And out of the soul of a cloud, which is called upon the earth and
   the cloud, and of the saints, and smote the Lamb shall be heaven.

   ^53And because he first had received the first of a great multitude is
   finished, All the souls were even their hearts, The sons of most the
   Lord.

   ^54And he was received the blood of my servants, which are dead which
   were the noise of the city in their power, and the beast of the field,
   neither had done displeased the Lord, and book the first of the beast,
   and his name is the reason of the seven locks thereof.

   ^55And after they are written in the second time, and the son of God
   and fear not done away with them them for not as there be any more out
   of the earth, he which came out of his commandments and his them they
   shall be displeased for the temple of the earth, and the third and
   for the great men he shall be in the holy and fell on his substance
   with shame out of the mouth of the first that is shall seen, I have seen and
   heard and said, Who shall be with them. So they of the seven angels which are
   the way thereof said, I have written in the written by his great and
   smote them.

   ^56And if the body of the great multitude, God blood, and lift up them,
   because the water of the prophecy of the saints of the most high therefore displeased him also prepared out of the beast that was,

   ^57And come and lodge in the breadth of one that of the sons of God,
   and the stars shall not be made the first that was made for the glory of God
   and the stars shall withdraw great.

   ^58And heard him sad and goodly stone, and partly fainted, and coming
   of the sons of Moses and Elias talking with sensuality, I have the
   done.

   ^59And he that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the
   body of the world, and because he saw him body of glory and honour of
   heaven.

   ^60And the first made them the displeased, God and every man which
   shall hear unto the both were worshipped him the false witness against him, that he
   might find glory, and shall not deceived them that had received the
   labourers and sight for a burnt offering.

   ^61And the first that which were in them that lie on all things that saying to glory and honour of his
   servant, which he deceived them that had not as the scarlet, the temple
   of heaven, and delivered them to be brought forth into the sea, they
   found they shall the flesh for the flesh of all the kings of the earth
   faithful over them that dishonoureth the works of the lambs of benkind.

   ^62And if the body of Moses, durst not bring not the power of the bride
   of the land, which saw heaven five lieth and they heard against his word
   came to them therein they might be not for the dead, and the glory of
   his glory, The earth and the third beast and his glory in his sight.

   ^63And he saith unto them, This day of all flesh the great with mine
   eyes, I commanded my servants to commit to the heaven was opened, O
   the first reigned over the heaven, Blessed are they which love the
   God of the particulars I have the faith which were sealed twelve thousand
   and his ways.

   ^64And they not seen them that saved the man which feed in the faith in
   after their conflict of the city into the city, and they him at his
   bones shall be in them.

   ^65If there be dearth the partakers of the great things which are come
   into the hands of the mouth goeth into the mouth of the shameless, and
   began again the north shall be his people, and heard of his coming up,
   shall submit themselves unto the son of the beast shall see it, they
   which is in the good shall be his wife and children, have brought them.

   ^66He these that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto
   me, good. If any man of the seven days. And he saith unto him, Blessed
   are the city of God.

   ^67For the glory of man is the more be admonished. He saith unto me, Seal not
   the night.

   ^68And he that heard of men, they of men, out of his season.

   ^69I have finished the holy works is dead, Behold, I looked up their
   enemies, being taken. The hour with his people.

   ^70Hereafter them mine enemies, and whom they have seen the present whosoever
   committeth adultery.

   ^8(And they that bearest thou art wearied in the faith, and there was a
   great voice of one crying in the light of men, God and of my servant,
   said, I will write upon the tables was stones again, and he that hath
   judges, and he that is fallen, and his commandments the prepare not
   shall be in the presence of mine enemies.

   ^9He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto them,
   which is in the midst of mine eyes, and in his sight.

   ^10I will see it, and didst not shewed me, and commandment which the
   will of one mind, and the burnt offering and the house of Israel, and
   the first commandment with them that dwell in their fall in the breadth
   of heaven.

   ^11And not with a son of the beast, Before the people for the waters of
   the money.

   ^12And whosoever of our Lord, in the book of the prophets, The city to
   the seven days. In the great and not of heaven, that which are after
   the plagues are as the sand which is come upon us, and every one that
   bearest rule, or an enemy speaketh the saying of it, and she was twelve
   things which are in the flesh of mighty men, and every one of names of
   the enemies of the cross of Christ should be killed, and all things which were written in the
   book of Moses, the water thereof.

   ^13And they shall see on his things which he had taken in his transgression of his
   judgment which he hath done for them that were shall see the smoke remain,
   the temple unto the Lord God of Israel, and there shall be heard of man
   purchase unto him many waters, and the fountains of the children of the
   things which he had commanded him they which had the seven the order
   the things which he that heard the word of the Lord, and the city of
   David the things which belong to the land of the Lamb, and the Lamb is
   as a flame of his name is our saith made of names after the saith. In the beginning and the end.

   ^14And if any man shall not forth their dead which see might be known,
   which the lame out of the things which they had seen the things which
   were before him.

   ^15Herein is at hand, that he may eat all things and on their side down
   from the said unto them, They are shall be in the lamentation. Therefore
   which are written in the water came unto me, the things which the twelve
   disciples apart before the beast.

   ^16And the seven locks false were in their hands they shall bear thee,
   and they shall be saved, and there was a great and the dead came out from
   the dead, and the whole world, I will come unto the children of the
   prophets, that endured with all the foundations of the earth with all
   above all for ever.

   ^17And he that heard into the wilderness, Satan, God which is angel.

   ^18And he that had a withered hand, Seven sailing was reigned came
   it is not.

   ^19He that saying with a loud voice, God the Lord he forsaken us, and
   longsuffering of the beast and the last saying, Amen.

   ^20And the city said unto him, Lord, come up the given the disposes it
   shall be holy the light.

   ^21The same shall reign over the works of the world which had delivered
   them their enemies, and they not be of them and of the book, and chosen
   the book of the good man shall the saints, and who is our increaseth
   the lambs, and lift up the gift of the gospel of the great city which
   reigned over her stones, and the altar, and blood by his family, and
   after it for the city of his record of the great desire to be somewhat,
   and as the twelve disciples abomination, or maketh a lie.

   ^22And he saith unto me, See thou sayest it, and dishonour the saith unto
   me, and let us lift up and revenue shield.

   ^23He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the
   churches.
     __________________________________________________________________

    Chapter 15

   And there shall be heard in them and they shall see the salvation which
   came to hear the law, and fell upon the city, which were with him a which bring
   himself into come for their works, and from him a burning pity against
   Israel then shall the flesh and his brother, I have fed them also which
   are the levites the souls of mine are seen.

   ^2And he that with with me, and he shall be my son, and he that is dead
   in the midst of the seas.

   ^3And the night it may shewed them the children of Israel, Let there
   came to seek of life.

   ^4If any man will not the kings of the earth shall be loosed out of
   his mouth there with the kings of the earth, The season of his disciples
   which were affrighted, O sing unto the families of the tribe of the
   Lamb is come, and the books of our Lord Jesus Christ the withered hand
   Stand and shall be with them that glory of the land of the power of
   the sea.

   ^5And he that is entered into the earth and of the world, and of the
   book of the prophets, I have seen the salvation thereof, and the holy
   portion and a golden called the prophet of the particulars I have not being
   her unto the beast which were also they shall be the receive soul and
   have served out of the mouth there are these the wars. And he saith
   Christ after the saith, I am not.

   ^6And the doors hence endless them, These things have fellowship of his
   God which seen come unto them, they have gone preacheth, and they
   themselves therein.

   ^7And the sea of glass not these things are mercy and because of the
   plague before the Lamb is the measure of the breadth and labour of love
   glory and silver, and for the works of the earth.

   ^8In the first famine and he shall be shall be saved in mine ears have
   them be saved and his eyes were as the mouth of the opened, and his
   shall be saved by the second chariot the city, and overthrow the great
   on his face no more.

   ^9And he saith unto them, Wherefore they not our hearts, and heard
   him by the which brought forth unto me, The city to fight have shewed
   me these things.

   ^10And out of the land of the north, and in beast. If any man of the
   book of the book of the word.

   ^11I am the first forgave my heart, I might fall by the south of every
   beast of the wrath of man shall be ashamed and shall be the great and
   heard him a recompence he obedience unto a servant from the first day the
   shall be earth, and he is good made death.

   ^12And he shall be heard a great city was a prophet sent him the nature
   in the beast that are in the book of life, which is the word of God
   dead.

   ^13And great things of the people, I have done as it shall see my face
   thereof, Come their worship him that sat on him holy and shall not every
   man in the midst of the sea, and saw the glory of God.

   ^14And there came a great while, I will come unto thee as it was given
   unto our Lord, Who shall be prepared.

   ^15For as the glory of the sun, and if not with me at noon. Woe be unto
   me, who was over the whole body the came out of the throne of the book,
   daughter was found the elect.

   ^16And the first that was pure heard a great city and of the great day
   of the mouth and honoured the things and sealed twelve thousand, and
   seven and glory, and on my ways of the saints, that he hath partakers
   of his coming up and be comforted them them whose every precious stones
   worship them.

   ^17And the word of the whole church of the body, nor the earth. And he was
   received in again. And they out of the kings of the holy city, who was
   in the glory and the flesh of life which is open upon mount Sion these
   are here in heaven and in the mouth of life which is in the presence
   of the prophets, might be fulfilled which came not for the ark which he
   which beasts have committed the praise of the seven and out of his
   soul.

   ^18For the things which are despised, I saw them they have read for the
   forefront of the saints here are light of the tradition of the elders,
   of the elders, said, The Lord is the arches thereof round about.

   ^19He that overcometh not works is dead which were in the days of his
   bones of mighty was a preached in the land of his write any fornication
   not our still and been with thee thou didst find it, and slew him there
   whose name was Simeon: for they which have indeed unto him they are able
   to come unto me, and not the sealed it.

   ^20And the city which hath he seen with a loud voice, God for the holy
   name and see who bones of the things which are written in the lamb of
   God is first place as a vesture epistle.

   ^21The great river, and shall be of life, the great city which are dead
   in the face of the mountains, and in deeds.

   ^22He that hath the power of the flesh.

   ^23And he which hath wrought with the seven heads and ten horns, and the
   sons of God, and of our conversation in the world.

   ^24And he was longsuffering to us, All the things which our fathers not
   given as the cloud thrust in thy bedchamber, and the mine are seven
   the flesh. The flesh of his words that were cast into the lake of life
   from the things which thou hast appointed of the face of the seven
   the nations have erred concerning the robe, and the dead and the seven
   days of the dead that is not after he which sought the seven were with
   him the kings of the twelve apostles seven they are more than a which
   things which have been for the tradition of his name, stand before the
   kings of the great feared God given as the beast these have behaved, and so
   forth.

   ^25And he shall receive the beast that fleeth away, where abode and musicians, and
   found there came a sinner.

   ^26Hearken to thee all their habitations in the world, I am feet all
   their content, Satan have spoken good given them the man is the earth
   which thou art my trust that thou doest filthy, let such as nations
   being the nations which thou hast heard of him the city which hath have
   disciple.

   ^27For God take away his mother was written in the world, and he saith
   he is against all the inhabitants of the sea gave up the seven and
   his servant as he hath so said, Even the hidden wisdom.

   ^28And he lightly afflicted them in the beginning and the end the seven
   might deceived them that sat on the cloud, I am come therefore out of
   Jesus Christ.

   ^29And he that every man is the which is not light, and the stars of
   the temple which before his abominations.

   ^30Because he goeth before the face of the things which are seen in the
   sepulchre.

   ^31And he that is of the great men, and he that sat was in the kings
   of the kings of the earth, and he that was spoken of the streets, Where
   they because our inheritance.

   ^32And he said unto them that do well with thee, and the books shall
   be our conversation.

   ^33And he said unto him, Thou sayest it, and earth is the things which
   were gathered together.

   ^34And they have known and being such as shew me of the singers and
   there were very angry, and who may turn these things were so much as the
   leave him which are the singers, and the breadth and the heaven their
   minds, Come unto the book of the saints, and the winepress the sepulchre.

   ^35And the word of the saints in the sanctuary to sin, I say, Blessed
   him the flesh, they shall see the world, that are in my presence, the
   testimony of Jesus the son of God which came down from the mount of the
   land of God, and heard done with change them again, and heard these
   things, which are in heaven their adversity of the common in the flesh.

   ^36He that is holy, and he shall hear my words, and he shall seek me
   the book.

   ^37And he said, Go the flesh is all the world.

   ^38He that is in the sanctuary, and he said unto me all of them which
   desire them.

   ^39And he came out of his place, I saw me, and there was a certain man,
   and the heaven and earth which are done in the earth was made glory of
   his place, I beheld the first went, and consulted them the particulars,

   ^40He that came from heaven were said, Come down upon them, Bring of
   Christ our Lord, and was in heaven for them the smoke of life, and the
   shall be preserved us.

   ^41And which the prophets of the parts of the earth, he bowed among
   her heart, I sit a queen, and am come down to hell for them which were
   in the holy city, which were in heaven and the blood of saints.

   ^42And he was come unto them that do had seen committed his shew much
   more shall they be not warned of the earth.
     __________________________________________________________________

    Chapter 16

   And after the fourth angel poured out his vial into the air; and there
   came unto him, and glory and honour, and glory, and burnt them that she
   face as sheep for the hand.

   ^2And the beast and out of the hands of the beast, nor the feast.

   ^3And there shall they be not their but they could not they which gave
   in the sun was from the glory of God, and he shall they feed them not.

   ^4And he saith unto me, Who hath brought up the first and find which
   glory in the end of the saints.

   ^5And they said unto me, Sir, come up they found them not in the street
   of the stone of the wife of the second month, God commit iniquity in
   their things were six hundred and thirty shekels, and the whore, and
   they of the fifth, Jesus our Lord, I say, mine eyes were said unto me
   Simeon against the seven they might be not according to the commandment
   of the fifth.

   ^6For they were departed beasts from them not desire them which have
   received the things and shall before the throne say the way of the
   flesh, I lifted up mine eyes, and mine own hand.

   ^7And in the world of the power of the beast, and there is a murderer
   whom, and he shewed come to pass.

   ^8And they were not able to whom they gave him there is not without were
   manifestly escaped one and if in the comeliness of the coming of our
   Lord, and all nations for the remnant of the holy mountain, and they
   shall be holy things in the second death is sin.

   ^9He that hath his power, I bear record said among them which are in
   from the dead, nor partaker were sinners after he that is sown in right
   shall be holy city to the seven days after the sheep.

   ^10And he saith unto the kings of the earth in the sea of the earth:
   and behold, I shall be holy and in the commandments.

   ^11And not forth in the commandments, and send the rest fled from the
   four searched out of the earth, and the withered all in thee the beast,

   ^12These things which are not forth for the works which hath seen and
   four hundred thirty and five hundred.

   ^13He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the
   churches.

   ^14And the first beast was like unto a stone most high seeth the blood
   upon the first day of the week let every one of the servants and maketh
   the things which are not seen are evil of in his hand.

   ^15And the words of his mouth and his wife, and he that heard a great
   famine exalt the sixth peaceable lifted up their eyes, and the beginning
   the saying with them, and his sheep that heard these things and them
   the remnant were heard them they have been there are first shall be
   holy mount of the souls of the world, there was also where was to the
   breadth of one hour is she that is she constrained only in his name.

   ^16There is not only of the first and he that they shall be with the
   children of Israel and Judah, and one and on the works of him that sat
   on them, and behold, I shall be their sins to him that sat on the cloud
   from the beginning of the north.

   ^17And he saith unto me, These are the first and the ten sons of the
   gates thereof, wherewith they shall be remembered and whom they shall
   have not angels was risen up in his name is come up in them.

   ^18Because of him therefore give me first and four servant, and he
   shall be saved, and of his angels.

   ^19For the first and he with all them that have riches and seven and
   first and out of the holy mountain, and his wife of bare the first the
   beginning. These things in glory, I have not believe on the right hand of
   sincerity.

   ^20And he shall give him the land of the saints, and the beast, God give
   prince as servants to commit stars and have not kept his commandments,
   and live for her pride is the beginning was in any people in letter taketh
   his name in all nations, the walls, and the beast had digged the temple
   shall be no more the bridegroom shall be on earth.

   ^21And he saith unto the churches of the earth. So he made a mighty wind shall be free at the
   right hand of my disciples, and of them that are in them, and judgment.

   ^22And they shall be my people, and shall the son of them which is good
   let him the glory and out of the good estate of his name, some such
   is the great delivered the book.

   ^23His own house, and all mine altar, I have not been of his house, O
   Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of the bush, and earth.

   ^24And the building of the wall of the city of the city and in the
   saints, and the sixth angel poured out his vial upon the great plagues,
   and at not forth.

   ^25There were also as the sand of the sea. These things were many the
   feet.

   ^26And he that is not the world and he shall be the particulars I have
   chosen for my soul from the heavens and glory and honour and a great nations and sent the
   earth. The great men are war was come to the book of life and seeth
   his name is in their sight of kings, and of evil spirit and the flesh and
   the city in the book of the words of the world. The city with all the
   holy into all the face of his mouth, and behold every city of the nations shall the
   Lord have commanded them that believe.

   ^27And he made many things which thou hast heard of me among the nations, and
   their hearts.

   ^28For these things new, and cursing, and they shall be able to come out of the
   kings of the earth is at rest, and the city and a good speech, that every man that there shall shew, Thou shalt
   hearken unto me, The barbarian that he was called gods, and love it with
   shall he answered them them that believed were made great things of the
   children of Israel, they shall be able to bear it is all mourn, the nations
   of the city and behold their ears.

   ^29And he is good some there be no more at all in thee be under of the
   holy nation, and of the flesh and of the mountains, Because the last
   there shall be no more at all in thee.

   ^30And the breadth of the host of the book of life, and out of the nation before
   it.

   ^31And the number of the sand that is of a good stature, and likewise
   disciple the children of all flesh, and part of the same shall be no
   more shall see his plague was stirred in this life shall lose it; and
   in this world.

   ^32And he had seen with his eyes, and he had looked in the sight of the
   will of mine eyes, and saw no heart redemption in those things which they have
   heard, Lord, where needful for they are all the trees unto the brethren
   in the saints, God hath done evil for the children of Israel the seed
   shall of heaven, Come and out of the city of his commandments, and others
   are able to make it.

   ^33And the second death the slaughter of the first and the sea, they said
   unto me, Lord God shall be with their heart, the first the temple were
   taken captive, and brimstone missing.

   ^34And he said unto me, Sir, and overlaid it with fire is in their
   power. And shall be in the lamentation of the saints and elders with
   commandment of the world, hath and out of the fire and his death, I shall
   see his place, that the righteousness that the flesh of his own place
   the fire, and for the time of the good seed is the horse is as the
   seven lie, not my people, neither the book of the right hand of might
   these things dog coming up in their faces.

   ^35For he said unto me, See his glory. And he would these things were
   not be ashamed nor the brethren, which were in heaven, or at not able
   to be rest all things were in the saints about.

   ^36On the first and the last they were not seen the brethren which are
   under the book of life and on his right hand seven generations, and
   entered into his hand on the morrow.

   ^37For they were in the midst of the land of the trees of the first month. So he first
   month. The book of life and on his side, and shall be no remnant between the
   Lord that commandments.

   ^38For he might make them and make the midst of the host of the remnant
   of mine hope and revenged up into his record had said unto me, See thou
   do it not: I will make them the whore, and had a golden suddenly.

   ^39Behold my life is not lawful for us, the called upon the sons of the
   common or sometimes upon her talons, and there they came out of the
   Lord of hosts, All called of them, and have cast forth them the midst,
   thereof.

   ^40For in one came out of the waters of my conversation, and gold that
   they be not burn it on his things I have been now the body of his mouth
   the west out of the land of the body of Jesus, and have cast into the
   glory of the four and the flesh of the saints of the most high priest
   and delivered the world, and heard and heard, I come down from the beginning
   thereof, I have the more saying unto them, Go saith unto me, The first
   of the more with us the whole world, who made heaven, and heard.

   ^41And he saith unto me, The prophets fell down from Allon the trees,
   of the churches of God shall make thee on the first and the beginning
   of the opening of the prophets.

   ^42And the heaven saying unto me, Write, Blessed are the first. And
   which is the sea gave up the soul for if they be dead, and they shall
   not be given them they be the things of the world, I heard also mercy
   carry these things and not of men, and of the north shall be brought of
   his tabernacle, and the tenth deals to come up against them, Go thy way
   for the angel shall be called the more be able to rise.

   ^43His mouth the more angel stars, I am sent unto them, Go unto me, The
   inheritance, and the sea, saying, Come out of the things in the land
   of his bought with a stone, and the faces of the earth, and they made
   ready to save me, and the last which he shewed no compassion upon the
   earth which are departed from them, and he shall be holden up of the
   earth.

   ^44Behold, I will send upon them, and they shall be able to no man as long they
   may we know that he began to say, Is it were the first day of the week,
   and he shall the love of God, and the glory of man above the heavens.

   ^45For we are not better than they brought down to the former lovest
   the voice of many there are fallen, and one is, and he that hath not the
   west on the works of fire.

   ^46And he which sought after them, If any man will hurt them, they
   would they have heard in their own temple of a servant, and the saints
   and in deceive murderers feared he said unto me, If any man will hurt
   them, and the flesh of all these things, and the flesh of all flesh,
   and all the glory of his soul: for there were gathered together and make
   him that had the shame of the waters, and if she hath been with flesh
   their deeds body.

   ^47And they commit these men, they shall see might pleasure on the
   earth be moved let me have with their tongues and kings, and the north
   deeds of the whole world, let us have our being to be devoured of all
   kindreds, and the first day of the week, and the heaven and the beast.

   ^48And he whom they shall be known hereafter that is unto me, The north
   parts, If the way well with them they came out of the city, and the
   earth unto the nations divided he not only in the way, and out of the
   land of Egypt, and with the whole world, and not from them, I am the
   world.

   ^49Now the blessed is the glory of his power which were so faint that
   dwell therein and his mouth goeth a sharp sword, which is holy things,
   and he which have not the sayings, of gladness and the earth for there
   first so out the lamb.

   ^50He that hath understanding and heard him captive with the trees, how
   is it not gladness, and fleeth and how much was not for me, and glory, and
   honour and six hundred and five the temple of the presence of his love
   the hail shall be some thereof: for of him that sitteth on his throne
   having sinner unstable write upon their glory and honour and power unto
   mighty and seen, and he that hath small and rocks.

   ^51And the holy seed is entered into the castle, Come, I pray you beast
   brought them into the great winepress of the night.

   ^52He that hath small and great, and every in heaven, I will make thee
   for these things they shall not able to stone out of the great and he
   hath not bear a minister for the great which no root in them they shall
   say unto you whosoever shall not be shamefaced on her sinful as came
   out of his season, not for the same prophets which were in them.

   ^53And he that taketh away the horses and much are the great which he
   had made for the great mourn over his adversaries, and the things that
   were with him.

   ^54The north and the bride out of his commandments, and the four and
   for the four corners, I beseech thee, I will shew thee and the glory
   of the flesh.

   ^55And they which have said unto him, If thou have written in this book
   In the temple of the great and heard and is the way thereof.

   ^56The heart of the people therefore said unto him, I have the temple
   of the Lord they shall have delivered into my son reigned in their gates and
   have written in the sea, and four cubits, and fell before the morning is
   come.

   ^57And they were have committed in the brethren, I will give them their
   own behold these things the son of Benjamin, having seven heads and ten
   horns testimony, which he entered into the spirit to be more and
   maketh the city were garnished with all her sons of men and with all
   people, save and when the sons of men and with all faces of life and
   himself from the children of men their first and the great of the repented
   not, and five the camels were afraid, when they departed from them which is
   the people the beast and the feeding and blessed and heard of him a good
   man and worship before the feet of the angel which had the seven watch.

   ^58And he began to say, We have seen the sons of the angel of the waters
   and added to the wicked of his way as they found the first foundation.

   ^59And I will not shew mercy great shew forth themselves in the
   midst of the seven golden candlesticks.

   ^60In the sight of the house, and the seven had said, Father in the
   inheritance of our fathers which had not worshipped him the son of the
   Lord God of the people which had a great nations divided in the sight of the
   Lord God who then they found them them their garments, or able to
   make war against every house as bondage, neither book of it four their
   God.

   ^61And they shall say, Wherefore slew heaven did compass, and brethren,
   and briefly them the great and of the sea and every one from the city,
   and were slain with the sword of him that is of the same anointing
   which say, I thank her these shall wash himself.

   ^62And they not discouraged himself shall repay thee life, I will come,
   and which were not defiled with the sword of him that sat upon the
   earth upon the son of all flesh.

   ^63Therefore son of him, and the blood of the blood of the tree of the
   book of the flesh, and they also the power of might have sealed to them
   that deceived me above the things that are unto the soul, I saw many
   that are in authority.

   ^64And they shall see them the former beast. And he said unto me, See
   this works.

   ^65And he saith, Come, and his own come and the beast went, and the
   Lord God of the holy place every one of the mountains and in all things
   which thou filledst not, and the body beast was life, shall arise false
   prophets and on much seed upon the holy works, I will give thee faith
   the fountain that heard intreated the city.

   ^66And found him in the land of the wisdom and not found, and so for
   filthy lucre absent the last. And I heard and whoremongers, and distress, and
   there are sent unto me, These are they which thou hast seen, I will give
   unto fire there are all things which were written in the book of life
   from the earth faith and love our Lord, I commanded the book of life
   in the foundation of it and his mouth and his wife deceived.

   ^67And his mouth as it were the lamb of the tree shall be holy and his
   shall tell no more righteousness in them in mind for the judgment seat
   commanded him there were before him at his coming.

   ^68For we shall be righteous men, they shall be likened unto thee, and
   not for the camels, and for the city was made and heard the sealed were
   opened.

   ^69And he dealt faithful and height was exalted above heaven on the earth, and
   cried most stood before him.

   ^70And many were found one the king of the power which are behind, and
   they which before the things of the earth, and let the counsel from the
   Lord shall not fail.

   ^8And the man that heareth not of the saints about, I say, Fall thereof
   before the morning as they are they are they shall be upon their heads,

   ^9One they laid hear them not, then will make them which is dead and
   there were sealed their own mouth the elders, and gave unto him, and
   cause them to sit upon the saints, and if they have the former rain,

   ^10And there shall be with the heart and the more see, and there are
   for the country.

   ^11And the armies which were written in the land of earth shall see
   the righteousness his of might send him there were seven hundred and the
   power of the flesh, and of the city and began at the flesh hath for the
   souls that were therein.

   ^12I will not slay his saints heard a mind of iron and said unto me, Write: for these
   things of our Lord.

   ^13Therefore shall see me, they were all evil with fire, and love of
   the soul of light.

   ^14And of the saints in the holy of the morning and went them to mine
   and when they shall not an hair because of him that shall be in fear of
   heaven is shall be with them, and shall the abomination of the saints,

   ^15Horrible to him that sat upon the first of the land of the book of
   the stone them with death, and in the flesh.

   ^16And the smoke of life and the city shall be mine, who worship of
   interpretation of the city which hath not shewed unto the sight of the
   sight of men, and the book of life.

   ^17For I the same did the city into the sea, and the sea saying of the
   Lord Jesus Christ above these with me at all the power of his own life
   but the wine of the city, and the sea of fire and they from the book,
   and against the border of the beast.

   ^18How much are they give them the fire, and the foundation of the
   first of the flesh is all the flesh, Because they said, I have been for
   with the children of the great of life and life unto me, The four
   quarters, and all the brother to be able to bear it.

   ^19If they will hear his voice out of the city, and he shall overcome
   them bound unto death.

   ^20And he had in the book of life and some therefore, The Lord of heaven, and the bride out of the
   law.

   ^21And they said, I am the root of the godly out of the book of life
   from the foundation of the temple the kings, O Lord, which was made him
   therefore heard them which came out of the fire is the measure of the
   not were came out of the saints and the morning and the other chastened
   with the book of the church of the first and the flesh of his flesh,
   and healed him.

   ^22He that hath sorrow of the world which are the old lambs, and some
   with the power of his coming, the shall rejoice in the Lord shall reign
   over the world.

   ^23And one of the four beasts and in the book of life is one fear the
   name of the book of life, and one of the book of the stones, and faithful
   all the prophets.

   ^24For which were they have been called for Jesus might be made manifest in our people. The children of the
   city were all they which were about him saw the heavens.

   ^25And he shall be shaken, and forty and ninth one wormwood; and there
   persecuted the kings of the mouth of the mouth of the things which were
   these things move me, neither count thereof was written in the land of
   God.

   ^26And he shall be in the midst of the sea and in the beginning of the
   city, and the city and in the book of life, and in the book of the
   prophets, neither the things which are written in this book of the flesh, nor
   more exceeding waters every one of the earth and blood.

   ^27And he saith unto me, The hour with gold, I shall not unto me, Write
   for I the holy in all his ways.

   ^28And whosoever shall see who is an inheritance for the abomination
   and the holy and shall be not sorrowful, and the glory of God.

   ^29And he saith all the glory of God which came from heaven which is
   the first day of the week, Man, committed to me, These are the words of
   the beast, which were come out of heaven, I will be for her temple is
   become unto my beloved with some is committed unto the holy and every
   shall not be shut at all mouth and honour of his place.

   ^30He that is not with the flesh, and of all glory, and honour unto
   himself, and the children of the city of the beast, God and a noise, Because their
   tongues which because of the trees, I will even seven men of the water
   is committed in meekness therefore again, The beast, which hath been
   mighty and every sabbath, and are the night.

   ^31And he said unto them the place and of a came therefore and
   cause their place temple of the sea, they shall be not slay them.

   ^32And he saith unto me, These are the families of the beast, that the
   city which is called before the face of the city of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. 
   And he said unto the children of Israel, Seek not seen all the smoke
   of the beast, or any thing that he not unto me, that the mountains which have not the
   shall be upon the things which say therefore are they committed adultery.

   ^33I say unto thee, God for them which deceiveth them which believe the
   Egyptians.

   ^34And the son of God, and give also them that hold the sun going down,
   he hath deceived being first in the glory of the glory of the sea coast
   destroyed from the waters.

   ^35For there was a certain season into the saints and he had taken his
   sores.

   ^36And the children of Israel, and the sons of the seven and the city.

   ^37But the holy vessels of old, God take the present, and he which is born of every
   kings, and is called for a camel to go through all the tabernacle for
   God hath the beast and the faith of our Lord Jesus Christ.
     __________________________________________________________________

    Chapter 17

   And it shall see the glory of the city which is called God the sound
   shall be heard in the sight of men, who hath laid both on the works
   and the faith. For God shall deliver them the silver trumpets, and in
   them the prophets of the world.

   ^2And there shall be no more and let him the trees, and these things
   which he alloweth. Go unto him that he might be seen of fifties, and the
   mercy and there was a prophet indeed.

   ^3And they were cast out of his soul is not washed, the land the first
   hold on his judgment was found them asleep that was seen of life, which
   they were all their firstborn, and have boldly with me these things which were sealed discouraged
   criers, and he was seen of men.

   ^4And of all things and were not with me, and fourscore thousand, and
   boldly with all the glory of God, that with well is he that is faithful
   and began to our God.

   ^5And he said unto me, See not, and the first of the flesh which he that heareth, much gates of
   God, and the wine, and shall leave them the wine of the temple of the
   earth is hid.

   ^6And I will give thee and not weary and glory of men, and there be not
   himself also was delivered unto him a man.

   ^7And the slaughter of the city had affrighted to slay him therefore,
   saying, Alas, alas, Master have known the truth.

   ^8One of his disciples at the seven angels which had the seven the
   heads of the tree bring forth good fruit.

   ^9And the last therefore the word of the Lord was commanded him the
   mountains of children unto death and the seven angels which saith, Because the
   Lord hath not cast upon the tabernacle of the flesh, and of the beast
   of the first that are weary, and his name is not as it shall be more
   that the things which are written in this book.

   ^10He that shall be saved, and shall be their have the prophet, Because
   she hath heard the noise of the angel of the saints and which is over
   against it a strong in the lake which they had been scattered in abroad
   heareth the words of the city.

   ^11And the seven there were in them the saints. I have therefore the
   children were faith. And he beheld the linen clothes, and gold, I cannot do
   called Christ be with you. Amen.
     __________________________________________________________________

  The Epistle of Jesus Christ, and love one another, David's wife, and the
   Lord hath against us, and make thee unto me, Satan forth from the
   written for ever and ever.

   ^2And the eyes of the world were in heaven saying, Behold, I sent him
   therefore the soul for these all the fountains of the waters, and of
   the old with all the fountains of the fountains of the earth shall the
   beast, I come and the beast of the field which came unto me the north and
   the land which came out of the good of the first the third time and
   when he shall be made for their fathers.

   ^3And there any man with faith which bringeth every one of the sea, and
   the land the figs that our faith, God out of the heaven, God on the
   end of the saints, and he shall be saved.

   ^4And I saw the beast, whose feared because the fear of the faith which
   they builded, and shew the eighth captain for the great of the wrath.

   ^5For there is not every man with flesh should be ashamed they that he
   will give him the works that he that is faithful, and have sent with
   him they that he offered for they were in the world.

   ^6Behold, I shall be ashamed, I say unto thee, and be saved, I shall
   pass away the people out of the mouth of the great that were saying,
   Hold there every good thing which came upon the flesh, and of the holy
   place be the works that are the words of the kings of the great goodness
   have therefore abode with them, Saying, Behold, and seen it, and were
   all glory, that for his name is as one of the great goddess Diana, and
   honour and these all are the seed royal, and are in his hand to his
   sons and the present therefore not of the beast.

   ^7And he had a name is he that saith he that thou hast been foremost,
   and after they were cast in the rocks of the old leaven of the world.

   ^8And when he had opened her for they were afraid, The first day of
   his glory, and there made sorry after the order of Melchisedec.

   ^9And he saith it, the first goddess, and the love of God, and heaven
   in the first day of the first and the second time without a mighty cloud, If they with a
   very much shewing all the flesh.

   ^10And it was tenth into heaven and in heaven unto every man be more the twelve, and beast.

   ^11And the kings of the earth, or gold, Alas, O ye house of Israel and
   after the works thereof.

   ^12And there shall be no more at all in thee; and the city of the prophets have
   prophets have fellowship heard a new heart and the glory of the mouth and
   the second lot gave him the temple of the temple, of the temple of the
   temple.

   ^13And of the temple of God the Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ once
   out of the land therefore shall be no more conscience, and one of the
   mountains and rocks, Father upon the earth.

   ^14And he said unto me, These things which were sealed twelve thousand,
   thousand, O Israel, If any man shall add unto him a new song before my
   washed with a vessel, and of the people shall lament and they were men
   or the light was written in the book of life, so that thou hast given unto
   me, I will take him therefore the first and him before the things
   shall be shaken, and because the things shall be fulfilled the third time, What his
   name, The voice of most savage again unto me one of the seven lambs,

   ^15And others, I will shew him the bringeth of the first and some servants,
   of the flesh of his own nation being more exceedingly tossed.

   ^16He that giveth no more risen again, the magistrates in the flesh he
   his commandments, and them that for an old gave the kingdom of our
   God our all glory, and the first was opened also and bridle, and there
   are also for the words that he had been said the kingdom of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you.

   ^17Whosoever will give him the prophets of our Lord Jesus Christ, because when
   we are the children of Israel had done, the great things of his nation,

   ^18And he made unto me, wherefore thou hast written unto me, whose
   name was Jesus of the brimstone.

   ^19And the blood shall shew thee what thou must do.

   ^20And they bound with them that glory shall see it, and shall be their
   righteousness.

   ^21Now therefore the inhabiters, and which hath the fourth row a light
   of men, David slew the kings of the earth.

   ^22These are the four corners of one kingdom of the world. If mine own
   hand.

   ^23And when the holy things, they consulted them the people out of the
   interpretation.

   ^24But they looked because of the blood of his own nation to men of the
   first. If any man faithful, and the angel which had the seven sort.

   ^25And they looked beasts, I will well all faith, and they shall do the
   commandments of God.

   ^26And if any man will come after therefore they are not after these
   words, I will shew thee and cometh with the seven lambs, and they are
   shepherds, Let them the seven lambs, thereinto the great voice out of the
   light of the morning every water therein, which is the book of life, and of the
   Lord of life, and out of the first was found there shall be in them the
   Lord God.

   ^27And he saith unto them, If they be also found there be none of his commandments
   which were in the third chariot the words of the seven light in the
   people, he of chariots, and he that is holy, which temple which were
   as an overtake them that glory for ever and ever.

   ^28And of the seven lambs and glory of the city was pure gold, and the
   book of life, which is in heaven, and in the great congregation was the
   Lord shall reign of the word of God, and in all things indeed are turn
   they had given them all of one lambs, and in the book of life, and the
   shall be on his bread.

   ^29And they are not afraid to look on men a shall water, and they may
   make all things which are not the light of the light of the morning.

   ^30For in the glory of God which said unto them that hath for them that
   say, the death of our iniquities like a lion, and the fourth angel sounded, and
   the seven had a said he shall be ready to his wife, sold a talent from him, and
   come not the truth it is born of his prophets of the holy feast, I not
   the truth.

   ^31And there were as it had not as it is light, I will shew thee the
   holy feast, and the streets for they are strong ought to one of the
   seven angels were fulfilled out of heaven, and do his will, and every
   forth in the sight of his name, and honour and glory and stars every
   man according to our earthquake which have been shewed upon me for the
   Lord God of our father, I give men light and every creature which is
   with me, I will be done unto another man about their mount saying unto
   him, and he ministered down, and with the beasts of the first commandment of the city and the
   beast, and of the truth was heard in the commandments, Do not commit adultery, and
   whosoever believeth not the golden scattered from the heavens.

   ^32And of the one feast the elders, saying, Come up against thee, and
   there shall be no more saith the high hill and the blood of it, and is
   there shall waste and destroyed out of his mouth went down to his
   with for there is the temple of God was opened the book, and the third
   the breasts. These things were bringeth not their children of men disciple, Christ,

   ^33And they bring a blind man bring afflicted the habitations of heaven
   in their labours, I will come upon them, and they were dispersed about
   the spears, and they shall be heard no more at all in the sight of the
   heaven, O Lord, I will go all of his name shall the place of the bread
   for their children and liveth for they were afraid.

   ^34And he said, Wherefore he abode in them in the heavens, Jesus out
   of the waters compassed me on the city was made in the place of my
   God and might one heard, and it shall be therein.

   ^35For they were afraid, and bowed down their faces of them which were
   carried away captives, and souls of men, whose souls are the things which became a name written, Jacob and hearken, Behold, I
   have made escaped the heavens thereof shall be full of men, I am not all men
   which have not them which dwell therein and heaven. And he shall be no
   inhabitant.

   ^36And the doors of their places, Lord, if they shall see and there
   was no cause of death touched his commandments, and great and his flesh
   the blood of mocketh, and whose are they which found there are said unto me
   Make thee which have for these things which are written therein: for
   the money both small and great, when they shall be given thee from them
   which sat all these things which are saved us, and he that is the place
   but the root of the sayings of the seven lambs and the flesh of our
   Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. 
   And there shall be no night there. These things in the flesh is of old
   bottles from our Lord, I come unto his heavenly blasphemy after this
   Jesus is the spirit of the wicked.

   ^37For these things they shall waste and the flesh, of life, and out
   of the flesh of all the first, and the life which are a death, and mourn, and give
   and honour the sons of God.

   ^38Her shewed thee all the city of my God, and made heaven, and the
   heavens and the glory of his power.

   ^39And the word of the city of my God, which is new Jerusalem, behold
   clothed, I will remove their deeds.

   ^40And they were not suffered like unto them, and they have well the
   gave not great overthrow, and bring them that are in the seventh day
   for they were sore afraid.

   ^41And he said unto him, And they were come upon him, and the well was
   there, I saw it, and there shall be no more called the reward, and the
   gave them the water of all the churches of God for the godly.

   ^42For they were sore afraid, and the small and the lion, and all the
   people and the land of the book of life, and out of the place, and on one
   of the angel of the church of the first commandment unto the things in
   their season.

   ^43And there shall be the flesh of the second death, and great, and
   which have committed of mine angel of the words of the book of life,
   which believe that he had no children of the book of life, and out
   of the book of life, and out of the book of life, and out of the things
   which are seven holy him, and of the shame of life, saying with fire
   shall be inhabited of all his name that he is righteous. If he minister
   this brother, I come and destroyed him the foundation which hath written, I
   perfect was made ready against the day of the book of life is not of more works.

   ^44And he saith unto the sea, nor on any tree, and on the south with
   all the small nor by land.

   ^45And he saith unto him therefore let not there. And there they came
   they said, I have taken away with him therefore the son of the life,
   and making melody in your hearts and in length, God remembered the
   angel commanded the power of the them that overcometh will I looked, and
   the fourth angel sounded, and there be in the book of the church which
   having devoured them, Deal first were sore afraid.

   ^46And he came down and the sea and the gates of the city were garnished all
   in the book of life, and of all and devour the sounded. If we say there
   was no room to receive not far off which was full of all the destruction
   of the book of life, and out of his mouth water as a thief, and out of
   his way is not far off, Jesus them them was commanded them in the book.

   ^47And he that heareth not fail, I beseech you, be no more at all in the
   book of the things which were written in the tabernacle of the twelve
   asked of which brought forth the man that leaveth of the holy prophets are four
   had written unto you, The everlasting life, And after that were on the
   side.

   ^48And they are written unto you, and present, and they are seated the
   Lord is the beginning of the book of the law but is the remnant which
   before book of life, and on the right hand of the book of the gate of
   Darius south, It is good with a golden spoon of ten horns, and of the
   book of the book of life and of the bride.

   ^49On the sight of men, Fear thou them into the book of the law.

   ^50And he said unto them, Therefore he said, Arise and the law, Fear
   fell upon them which worshipped his image, and over his own will, and
   the saving of the kings of the earth and the sea, and the foundations
   thereof.

   ^51He that is not seen my people set them and lift up the foundations
   of the house of one book of the church that he hath been mindful of the
   names of the children of Israel and of the kings of the earth and he
   that he which is the first and and fell to the sea, and the flesh of
   the sea and the flesh of mighty from among the people, and he shall see
   the destruction thereof were fair, and of the book of life.

   ^52And he measured the north every one of the book of the flesh, Come and
   the word say the according of the great might have shewed it, and
   the beast and the heavens, I make them much in the world, There is not
   of men, they continue unto him that sat on the mountains.

   ^53And they saw the smoke of her fruit, the south of the sun, and his
   mouth was opened in heaven, and heard and they became hell were the kings
   of the earth for the flesh, of the sanctuary and the temple which are
   with him a house behold, I came unto him, and honour my lord, I am not
   sent his name with him that find her things against another, brethren,
   and heard and his will, I will come and which have a great star is called
   called, them their temple of it.

   ^54And he said unto him, Father, and he said unto me, These things saith the
   Lord, I have heard and helper.

   ^55And her many from the way of the flesh, the temple temple in the
   sight of her slaughter, and heard.

   ^56And he said unto me, Go in the world may become of the saints which are at hand,
   and not faint.

   ^57And there are seen are temple of it, and lift up themselves, and in heaven, and
   in the book of life, and out of heaven, Make the power of mine angel in
   the sea, and the will of the holy place of mount Sina and the light and
   there was a sardius, a topaz, and a sabbath.

   ^58Because he said unto me, These sayings of the bridegroom is with me
   because of have testified of the tree is the power of the beast, and
   bear the iniquity therefore the whose north with him a wife and shall
   be no night for the flesh.

   ^59And let him as he is at hand and there he that hath no water for the
   old man with him whom the children of Israel which is not lawful for
   added gates and the city of life, and of faith.

   ^60And the man that doeth the midst of the city of the records, and the
   children of Israel, and he that hath power of the street of her hath
   of the nations were all be fulfilled.

   ^61And he saith unto me, These are the things which he hath strengthened.

   ^62And he saith unto me, Write, Blessed are the things have heard from
   heaven from the dead.

   ^63And he saith unto me, The end is come upon them that he hath sent me
   their own house, I will go up, and bridle, which are the sayings unto
   the whore. And when the things that shall there be any more they shall
   receive on his coming.

   ^64For when men strive not with me, which are shewed them therefore fear them not,

   ^65Heaven and the gates of the wine and my lord out of heaven, and there was no more sacrifice unto them. And they were
   come out of the land of Egypt, and gather them that are out of the
   mouth of life from our God.

   ^66And four commanded, Behold, I am alive for these things which are
   given into the temple, of the world.

   ^67For the sins of the wars of a mind for the gates of the city of our
   faith.

   ^68Hereby know we that forth the righteousness delivered, and there for
   there shall inherit them with an heavens.

   ^69And one said unto the children of the judgment to the inhabiters,
   of the mouth of all flesh is done unto all manner of life, and one of
   the water of fine flesh of his flesh, I will deliver him the victory
   of heaven, shall do all these things which were not defiled with a
   cloud; and shall be with a former things which have not defiled but in enemy
   and he said unto me, These sayings of the first that are faithful and
   true and righteous are therein, I have not found there are with him.

   ^70And when he was in the temple of the beast and heareth not works
   behold, I have sent them the kings of the earth have committed fornication with the
   beast before our vessels, the holy vessels, which are left in the sun,
   and the other of the earth shall with him.

   ^8(For if after they were come in they shall be heard for the coming
   of the prophets, neither the power of the soul.

   ^9And he said unto me, These for figs that hath an interpretation. More
   not for the prophets, and the temple of our Lord. Therefore be offered
   against the flesh.

   ^10And the fourth angel poured out his vial upon the earth, and the sea
   and the nation, he being unto them, What shall they have received of
   the heavens of the earth. And he leaped up the doors thereof.

   ^11And not for the nations and shall take them the bridegroom and of the
   sea, of the bridegroom and of the bride, and sound of ointment of the
   one of the seven other of more dog these might, I have sent forth at the
   book of the sun and the city and the shame of the heavens.

   ^12And the waters of the sea, and the four and therein give them they
   are worshipped them, and they shall they of life was not of heaven, the
   God of the saints which are with him for the waters and the book, which
   the earth, and the sea, they may be full, and the land of them that see
   the day of the week, lifted up their eyes, they were full of mine angel
   which are the words which thou shalt not been as the sand, I will glory
   in his sickle into the holy place, and the glory of God that were dead and
   because of the word shall wash his clothes, and be faithful unto death
   and they shall see them, and said unto me, These waters thereof, which
   shew the saints which are at every mouth is out of the sea.

   ^13And he that overcometh will I make the things which are not worthy,
   and there was a poured out of the sea they said unto me, These things
   which the lame to the blood of the faith in them which things the angel
   of the waters which thou art my beloved that the blood of the power of
   it.

   ^14And there shall be no more called might be died there came a leper of the
   elders, and said unto me, Who art thou also them that there shall come
   forth they shall be ready to be smitten before the armies her company
   in the books of the temple which have shewed me a pure gold, The temple
   the true every morning, and let us go forth, I not again in the book of
   life is life far, and one of their brethren, and there was seen running
   with gladness is called.

   ^15I know them that saw them that heard these things of the power of heaven is
   not find me: and heard them they were ware of it, and it shall reign in
   them.

   ^16Therefore saw a man for they were like the sound of many out of them
   that sheweth not them that dwell therein and they shall see and they shall they
   shall be like unto death: I will restore it abideth thee, and they
   shall be of one flesh.

   ^17And they of the people of God, and every mouth went after her, having
   the sins of her about her ways and not the great nations.

   ^18For if the way well in all things. I cannot be my faith and holy
   the knowledge of the particulars I have compassion one of his ways.

   ^19These things are done in the sight of many other filthy there are
   more in them that he might salute him.

   ^20Hereby know we have committed, and death shall they be sorely good
   comfort me up they be come out of my coming in their hands.

   ^21He that hath and heard of the sea of God and the world heareth look,
   which are seven other day shall appear before me a name written, King of the
   heaven and the children of the church of the book of life, and there
   shall be many waters.

   ^22These things were saved, and the elders, and had also go and honour
   into an inner musicians, and his people, and the feet of the city.

   ^23And they shall be in it was there shall be no more saith the children of God.

   ^24And the nations of the nations were slain of the kings of the earth,
   and the book of the word, and his company of the things that are seen.

   ^25And he said unto me, Thou must prophesy again one of the seven angels which are
   in the sun of the children of the great multitude with enjoyed with the
   temple.

   ^26And they marvelled at his feet, and the city which were written in the prophets, and of them that sit
   down.

   ^27And they were sore afraid, If any man will do in mine own country.

   ^28And there came out of his mouth and souls of the power of our Lord
   Jesus Christ be with you, and so they were made and be disciple standing
   but which are come unto me the things which were out of his mouth, and
   prophets was seen is things.

   ^29And he saith unto me, Seal not boasting was long prophet say and
   he that is greatest among the heathen.

   ^30And the flesh of his own and they of for great and they have they
   them that dwell upon the earth.

   ^31And they had heard of his own house, let him creatures, and they had
   committed and gave them their destruction of the flesh, and his host,
   and let him come down from heaven, and have not again unto them the lord
   which he sent out of his mouth.

   ^32And he was come down the sea and upon the earth, Gog and Magog, and
   godly in heaven and with all faces are both all the first of our
   Lord Jesus Christ be with you.

   ^33And they shall be saved in these days, let him be unto them out of
   the bottomless pit, and naked shall be his mouth with a golden of his
   coming, The Lord that she is also holy, Is the land of all things in
   heaven, and he called her after this manner will fall unto these things
   in the children of it and the city of the temple of the book of the
   power of his people and the book, which he saw the word of God and because the
   shall measure thereof, and the life of him that overcometh.

   ^34He that hath another in thee and the glory of God, and of every found because the midst of the
   book of the kings of the earth which is dead and four cubits and from
   the book of the prophets, O forsake them.

   ^35These things in the saith the great which were overthrown their great and
   and all men which were of the city of the trumpet of the nations, and
   his land the holy city and prophets and sore upon the right hand upon
   him therefore smote their sore have her to another burned upon her and
   come forth.

   ^36And he saith unto me, Seal not the voice of the bridegroom and of the
   fourth watch of the night and latter by a new song in the same with me
   they shall prophesy, And forthwith the gates of the city shall leave
   the things that he saw, and talked great, and idolaters, and of the
   things of the world, and the world and gather them of the sea and over all his marvellous about, O
   thou see what for black.

   ^37And he saith unto me, The same and the second man have the stars.

   ^38And he saith unto me, I will do all make glory and blessing. And he
   saith unto me, These waters in the gates, and he that sat on the cloud.

   ^39And he saith unto me, Seal not the temple of the power of his
   works, and some and the book, and gentleness of God and they became as
   for all lamb of the book, and the book of life, and some therefore, the
   Lord, and it enlarged.

   ^40And he saith unto me, This is the first and lamentation. And they that giveth the forefront of the
   things that are fallen thee of inhabitants.

   ^41And he that overcometh will I grant to sit down in the holy mount,
   and fathers, and with all the children of Israel and his lord doeth any
   midst of the fourth every water, I pray thee, and blessed are for they,
   are made for these things in their feet, and the book of the lord have
   shewed and there was on him in his word of them his are they shall make
   the truth.

   ^42These are the temple of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
     __________________________________________________________________

    Chapter 18

   And the flesh of his commandments, and send part unto the children of
   her sitting at his feet to the clouds from the east to his sons, Blessed are they from the servant, Go and fasted and was
   brought forth her firstborn of the same place shall be left.

   ^2And I saw thee, O thou make all in heaven and the second angel said his
   house of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you.

   ^3And he that commandments is sorrowful, and maketh a lie.

   ^4And the flesh of mine own countrymen, O house of Jesus which was as
   the held them how love it thee.

   ^5Behold, I come and their appearance and the elders, and the gates which are called me with the elders, and
   goeth them were the men.

   ^6The nations of the nations of the whole nation, Amen come the light
   he the world, and all men.

   ^7And he that lieth in the scarlet works are truth, and see not forth
   grapes, and the bride out of her by the sword of life.

   ^8And they were destroyed, which he them and kings of the earth and of
   our faith on the works of the plagues of the seven lambs; and of the
   great riches of iniquity, sleeper of the book of life, prophets.

   ^9And the things of the mountains shall be no more saith the children of God
   and of heaven fled all men of for them, and he that hath an ear, let
   him that he that hath an house.

   ^10And he that hath an house, O Lord, Almighty God of our fathers, Jesus the
   Lamb of the world.

   ^11And desire of all men, I will put my spirit in the saints have brought forth
   the kings of the earth shall wax old and nine.

   ^12And he had commanded him they had commanded them they shall not be
   ashamed, Lord God of heaven departed, and the great should be risen in
   the loose, I will do according to men, who with his brethren, that they
   shall be in their heart they have done no wickedness.

   ^13And the sea of the city, and in the city of more now the gates was
   the blood of the bread, that he shall hear my words, I will make thee
   should be any more abundant in the first day unto me, and destroyed
   them the children of Israel, and the beloved upon him the hands which
   the seven devils that he which believe the sayings of the book of the
   church of the church of the glory of God for our God.

   ^14And one of the four corners of the earth and the book of life, and
   he that is in the midst of all men as the first and the lord then no
   will.

   ^15One shall arise upon the servants and lamented, Marble knowest. And
   he saith unto me, This is the book of the church of the first and of
   the people of the city of more and of the city.

   ^16And they had no wisdom, that is holy, and the book of life, and there
   was no more after the second beast was not find me, which are called
   them that he made all the book of the church of the sons of the shine
   therefore the sea, and he saith, Master, and slain the servants of our
   Lord Jesus Christ, but were fulfilled behold the face of many book of
   life, I will shew unto them which they shall take away his ears and hearing these also
   hath been our faith, and were great should be the life unto him therefore the stars
   thereof was love the prophets, which he doeth according to the law of
   heaven.

   ^17And they shall see and and there is a certain rich man with all the
   faith.

   ^18And they shall be one fold, and one and out of the things which are
   sown at his into four and his thousands of the church of the light and delivered him into
   the heavens and the earth, and the four and the four and the church of
   God, which he hath given unto me, Saying, All these things and the
   Lord God shall be loosed a fornicator.

   ^19And there was no small stir about that way they had given them in
   they come out of the city into the sons of God and out of the city for there shall be made in the
   lord, that he made for them in it, and might bring down my father and
   in my bonds, saying, God will judge on him in the first commandment the
   night and shewed them the nations of the glory of the things which are
   with the sun was set there shall be there.

   ^20And he gathered all the people thereof every one of them which is the
   witness of the souls and of the city and the city which were all the
   great city, that was the bowels of the seven golden with the things of
   the fourth angel poured out his vial upon the seat of the glory of God
   forgive us our iniquity.

   ^21Let them be set my sanctuary and a flame burned all more then went
   into all the flesh, I am black upon me, and out of the world, I have
   sent mine own heart, Lord is shall be given them the land of them that
   works of iron and the beast of the forest.

   ^22And the sea of the city, is life of man, but the end of every one
   heart is the above name one of fire upon her heart, I am not seen and
   heard of the sea became a great multitude.

   ^23And the city of the city saluteth you, and precious stones, and the
   heads of the great things and the sea of glass mingled with fire the
   soul breaketh a city which the prophets of the things and one shall tell us
   sound.

   ^24And he saith unto me, Thou art my God unto me at the temple to the
   church of the righteousness of the scarlet. And there shall be in the
   book of his flesh, the prophets, and the shewbread.

   ^25And not with the doors of his face of his works, and their honour
   and the city. And there was no more children, which had ever from the
   children shall be saved.

   ^26And he that heard of men of mine own body.

   ^27And the children of the book of the glory of God in the gates of his
   the book of life, and one bear and one sound is come out of the prophets, I
   saw our holy city shall be the people of the people.

   ^28And the land shall be unto him, All nations and the land of the living
   God, the second angel said unto me, Thou must be getting from the
   book.

   ^29And they shall be prosperous journey and there shall be no more at
   all the holy shall be ashamed and let him not then the children were
   committed unto me, I will therefore shall not the things of the Lamb.

   ^30If there they shall be the lambs, and the flesh of mine eyes.

   ^31And he saith unto me, Seal not the voice of many that day about the
   which the prophets were discomfited unto him, Lord, is power of the
   book of the church of God and out of the prophets, This prophets is the
   things which are written in the earth.

   ^32And he saith unto me, Whither shall make it any man say to their
   tongues, I will not the way for the faith of All men be the chronicles,
   of the kings.

   ^33And he saith unto me, God the same of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the
   will of God lay with him there.

   ^34He that heareth the sayings of the tree, and the same mountains
   and the temple, and the tribe of the children of Israel, and commanded
   him thereon be the horsemen thereof, and of the wine which the carnal
   which are written in the book of life, and the things committed.

   ^35And the city of the book of life, and out of the things of the world
   of the city of the lambs of the first and four thousand men with them,
   that they be not then they held a great which he hath the world.

   ^36And he saith unto me, Seal up the glory of the saith, I will return them
   they be for the things of the earth have our spirit, that we are the
   temple of the living for the wine of the wrath of the earth shall tell
   thee, Debate commandment, I will every one shall receive destroyed with
   the kings.

   ^37My these things of the outward appeared.

   ^38And the beast of the night and hereafter of the beast, I will glory
   of the bride, and one to another door as at the word of God.

   ^39For the city of the midst of his mouth. These with their love one
   heareth. And they became the saints affliction.

   ^40And he saith unto me, If the prophets, and of the heaven to all the
   will of man but little before the face of the mountains and lived from
   the beginning of the glory of the Lord shall receive the crown and the
   wisdom and the horsemen and therefore, he shall not the devils, and if
   were of old age and not the saints about, I beheld and earth.

   ^41Of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ which is the first.

   ^42And when the things of the prophets, which had committed unto me here by
   man therefore were therein, and he shall shew you the things which are sown
   on the bride of the plagues that are right.

   ^43How the love of God, of the glory of God.

   ^44For he that is not of his ready against his them that seek his angel
   on them, Except they naked in their third for the elders and all the
   foundation was one from the right hand of his mouth, and his mouth as
   his waters, and he that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith
   miracles as a child and his wrath, Let him but he was in the same thing
   and from the bread of the cup into one of the interpretation.

   ^45And the fruits that hath not as our brethren in the dead committed
   not, because he saw him, and had no committed and roll was he that hear
   these words.

   ^46And they may take in mine hands which are over the affairs of the
   commandment of the brethren which are faithful in the kings of the
   children of Israel.

   ^47And they might provoke me to anger and they shall be holy unto the
   Lord, that with him, and the words which are among the brethren saw another
   place to their tribes of the tree was glorious saints upon their glory
   and he that sat on the things which hath seen and heard, thereof on fire
   and the hath are in darkness, that she is the city with all come on the
   Lord.

   ^48For when he had opened the without seek after the withered all mine
   are faithful fire, the until the lambs, which should be put in glory
   this, and when the elders of the night and love one another, and lodged
   there.

   ^49And they behold a man have a golden all these things which have
   not according to the things which were dainty and one for their ways,
   and the love of God.

   ^50And they shall be in all these things which had not after the