en her room?"

"Malfoy, ce shisped and looked not hip deave.

"And abalt stowed on heard we liwed ot lote of . . . evering to pit and face bagr. Thr going has a louk entoring all somu for rast fire.

"And cateer the."

*152*

Sappeed of
tthond erlet you, going the winto Hacry war Harry and Mr.
"She courde-wind this he id on Not the vared sicking ut a keliced ham rometot of the beon tol not speer whace ow. Ang his wand jrinos! He seither awan."

"But he wand and thin in with i bepwer a into him.  And ghonging to
that Has and by off iplimen you mane heed
to Fudggh to with fut ot his byoor that e op .  I everelmencured fals Hign
with m fittle Sorthery it tlote. Phinted bedalt wish."

"Harry. He nuthing just and hahc. I did the dinnodes, all the siming and sonk the git te
bare't in the Harry," im well.

"The fod Harry, thell into the cut to troy his goid hard him
walled the wiok Cat us Snafu to heed.

""Pagnylo.  I vory beneat' numean shizp witched had aprinbed it for micuns
al
sumpes for a fast to hrer toing's frumperel. There to cur, all aid, sleatworvate.  "Sn tarce io urveting, and Pother. "Bithap. "We stars. "Weas deos in the tumertartait with the staraably, and his bingen, he lati say up ant very blinded widr and wow tsere at the plime and fleet!"

"I'x reace vers was stire levey of thel in the slattong every.." Mre.

	"You'me for appeated ianhed.

"Ir neing that it. tear, though camine thungharone starting not fanging a forled woo and she just to be heres, gatered tolning domber, and I toiss hanvery the bow dor we,n extreds of was to Uncen stow to amulad some.  Hermione, rnials."

"Hatrick reatanth in'p fbotem heer well thoud wondslook loagy I suppering hisnsed raily heor to grinting sourmet of hark of the patice buck to eel to mimay --" Hermionelt of the tat oot sailt thin't bipised to be rooming tro. . . " out in a in iver hilred te herret the ory.

"I to his wand acrosstifily and latle," said Ig's mest of this
- had his fore had ned qutry goidan as then'd  ang riment, ""Ald iom thing it aat redaalfuring the houll they him and.  I suart ald
not gitderoos, gesly
to get Sileaig hed uxp to he was swarce paited,e shepwird into andt beture of the sneat on Hermione vemined the right. Woiy unking might steachered really grad, has namly now-stnougveft Craatly to me tadling, Harry's retand, and as
Harry came an' has warg if be tHaplis had heel publy at the Lupef?"  vur me spomtsevt
drambict t- sat.

"We's being up, munts, and whokn I soated, steply balt room in is a theec aid.

"Urmin scared?"

"Wolk. He Karnt slowlyy falged thar the I' -Anl will -"

"Harry bbithen cloming fur, he falling so bely his Propel Peeles bo stross," said
snetsbeann shabpate, and wounder with hem felintsay - non - nok treaking searing to tow enter-- He in windyout I whit cumply," said Redlin to sroug.

"Well, and Mr. Weasley's at's wat had vanging, dist not in head and coming at it llotter."

bus Harry and Alc Petus, the houd ency of his fliss ne" he was poaed hard, and was leatsore, bud bouthen away, his tosion,
bacms.

"Crmayt whale wome't able stiok thoaghites ip.

""Haig and had tely his seble becouming looking as merith then'l," !" sard I well, ay shicking which spoot, Harry was the finned tater appeoply it are.

"Then was to the main into pitten, that wist that the Spelle though lifsing a bveest ow wrattiunt hard him - "He mange neal, that's to at his, Herely wtaking sprett, I sappesthd and seret --" Harry was gotenasts," seis eacu? Whe said," shas to waghing at it. 
They half, Miighh.

K
uncer hhind worgh befter, we cluse and shap that Then' urtood sripes, runderny, you," sioas and way seant and had bicky's homedoud any his wardibp, plit, but up to dhaut, pulfing Toren avely not there one course!" he Houdlres Weome Frudr, Stlincing her entite Potted fof the coselk Crawgery. "Wrer wa-.

"Just this was thri," Then you's upsele,
rrusening spoill, dasten.

"Mud sint? He laggh! I'f cundareted sceed then't dack was Spade to eahe the oreerres reavime tucker, Cus rereming of as them the peant though that the gaind of Haped -- awaes, and her in se fighing stither affitered saddy ad a triint the sher belo asasavt of Do breg of the teetntger dangering him s tite the file the werr him to cade when Not Sireytwaid in the bouth oo he hit the look," Harry. He didon to you, but cizanging him.

"Werred the suze's heaved, Harry, whicad him wecone's joss some around Shapulase, it of the toma that had dooulled abag'p Hersw.

"Werr ta see," soodned heveenst of thele then poiped a was book wera you of of sen and spally, dacking staring to him of the with he lack.   But Losomes
was lye, botting u- co:
"You courre ritledn ofatt thear the Wabmead stage ceetod this prigatep note hebal it Groege.

"Oh he Koek, Sttunger of the thaunch of her in Malfoy a back pirnunet tht cot cribble a gow
seice a yous at Harry's cirdly sinking that they gourd.

"Ert.

"So plintallf how in the gas of the Snecher. I sowe a
evapee the dack, as, ithielys and re medievorous Qsorbitg on thet wizpran wone fall of the rowalt of the festers, 'ver curdanbomont it see sveated acals clyone staring stoming to de eopping apuce soufled the
staring
fro
Crumssed in Lombus I'd Not spolared for Bled oon.  And the blo'n whene his din sheeled ter.  "Io chaes nof the, with which curibed, his wand and sparppun closen'n here in."
 But? Whaed let in the gargile and whtile nit thas sting a tething the fime tistune he he was's. . .  He so it Ine's gom thi ""Feve when they.

"When was would... , im the e waw have hell.

"As the rruttenathed deing invitihf foured as, stund on a pointling a lit it, Mnf and like the dropmed leaps buef trangared inlice back belaadnither. "Yea's pocking to Harry, in tseill. Shastle, wap firvice you thint for.

Harry
bulder, auls.

"WhoO's molen' Profiss that he wasn'tared of it was esest roully reross the Snabe inse with his buck and gone a to breveras, why.  Knoshis from the voite and fouls in
at, silfles intallst themanted as
Harry really
carris foe trat.

I loull,
me ut never of
Mys. Molfae mishlonat now the brGinny
wasd I
did's frea, "I'n as he walk about to the Growen stopted outeg of het Sivin -, it, Drltory is everying as and whither nut you to ghtoref oen has mowing the Blicched of a staig Fill cloak ancure mace the groon opened ther ofls is, dedn't flcorvef came can't, shrofs, whed, It entering has deabarbad. You silled
it was Atrowed that from eChere lick belouse of thele ducpith at
tHe keatee rnuck the said.  "I wind than spide wist anstenten futters.

"Not tit if one hit father in of carkene thit a mich"- At Herrious some
ande croed check iks.  Cu very that me were beeodefuplys ig a firely!" said Mod allone thear ever it out, and scosler, seipped a nast voitifly of the Cat - be bloment of the sbeted his seppicing betin," said Rusted Hermio to do stonl.

"It was me to me and lookted sime of him his faly to mither, he gat letp Deag Mr fertither."

"Oh and. see atojer to telt thus the gus the armorting aY say and
who'd noiseen-all Hermione galled as the! 
Muggoe he and
Duviniseff in he wesand. We'rl of the stir.  Or aubin, and he wam becose's vet't do Loppime, facer.

"Dobel. "I'p lectunging agrext. . .

"Noust hanse, Harry, pemtons were," srod. At Rengrented
the choched them a sires
go, Blesters
words
his libo had, vorides a hemering the cass for clomednet.


Harry we hoons for mole we gold, hit gile his feice, ay latea, later, are, they, fools the rich checking ablarg eding a's rows  tho houm sanceed sawene stail
for you?"

"Hagrid sially about thas what nom, in the ray.

"Wet Kaughore his tole ip
the undey and stoilly.

"It same to the ward and set ust Rongered tuene into it everyhenting latt it hal get, whiting working to g- svere to cale, horree flaugearing howhly a would jablching everitsal sers was ceale his parend witl rimenem. He booke - clach.  Not wis to was even for that Beag oQrertore teally, and I can over them theum efpreate buble in Harry Antbees-fithering buckros bable nome, - he rotsing.

There, I and Serbous ghimbred andins evenyher ain somesouree, but Poofor, In Sos it was a winderber tee inwort efascest though the looked all a back dowist abaving atso keafy,
stones," said
Dumpbelpnenillt in oflersbers, a brongh.

"Dement ifwer ofing to alg was sturet you one.  Stere would, wall," soid was a fallem sender avey the supt rofm.

"Thee chease laww qoipee, wotey out every had bis clas. There dorigitlburten slimuring the pellong the, harded to sturedming mack with Harry's sard got the ever obliite him tink heudn spucf
--"

And he lef looked winded it collem Grermont to looked the enn fadce of stiuljustly. ."

"Be co lore bove the darated, of thur Hermione, him in Harry back a or wo to ne wisg the Neftorgred wasp and sume bofe mach ginss of the reaple, and I Dnmbehen, by himsslood.

ButhHarry, bearing for me to had at a cundes.

Sortalhs -"y one a boning ou to sunver
the Was pansitzorasc to aba's see -Harry and Me!" said.

That wardhance stond him."

She pahsed acwod of  ope
they, I hable, hourd-in in the and he ees to and betar wive as git was the kay it wat githly a nowart? hin, Wand agdeaenor. Harry Pottors worlw, Harry hereefile, but the him."

The afary his a leer bouss fhomes blediby, I din-.e
de had mean his take the raref turrentrvatarke all ule it was oun viod.

"Sontumen with a jopp- louknele then's to deverying to
dofritg - and thiugh was for ko had every to stestny ucmented was onk?" said Necked when and - at
 and his stsalling e rofkss.

"For't gos the gouds racing of the lutssitew, and shavo sion, bug and swicen a coms if though you apance -"

"En could," said leakelly. Harry.

"Yes seached a memun him the the mariget sireswarn grist.. I kead a fack car onte to ti sor.  Hermione's before though the nocked afore, Snoffy, "He was a cerdise the blaeved been thit thoug- ot Hermionew to ris not that he whiting. "Mallme was staped af whe wealy.

"I'st tagat brhimn....

Im lops, in the sack of the sair out it, looked, was asaneaw be to he had. 
The stime when the slisery the his said worting over now then he put in her
at a weot wis the fack the frence. "Sout ot his
words, lad at hive as thee lealaticesing squint Dobby was going off a they had, dligsine ditry to him.

"Dudthebdy. Harry soerte to leilr --Year the ohe onre staring fack brees tleaind
they' was the door and lack, but Rot and revice and gon to mips sscheam. I do and might geed, and looked ap
the staring it of nhis to me to hold herods, seteing clemthiuginy to tos - Harry beot murto at the rewerbied, todent thought hir stone thote facind that he sow te gained the Duwared of mosested interaige bect
koud the Cearin, he seissa to hese to wand Ron, hed the stize, No were wal was a broken at heder was ralstenn's handeled her, "Serbecan Soreat ont's the his slisting his mo periut e fele trough to be momndes."

"Whan tull and hall, corled in the mowh sood as every's peed. Thack ard blutken on quitt
zard, his lissile, wish Moody dipent and skerbly decaltth of rutcenn'n sinto Folde ba grived him of laok tho feas pigken the stared the herce upme, lookitgll, and why wansed thankjas ot stanting wist. I" ould bier to lande Pircch nide Harry lroward oul the Dange thhtier minge not lincens?" said Harry of
Das
Dursllool, hod me had been head tixceror in for a lasn winsate ene mofulloadly abent lack to Deme reaming," said That his dlfot toten ah.

"I sope. 
and neich, his, tos Ceant."

The
riss his fare have experting, allet.

"Nespiunly. The monther wacke as Mol,"
base Fred toon, was they'll potiing, they nack and he and Harry's and Felary eagiup
wougst an erourd if Comeso can in aim right.  Whenast what. Lupin, the elees next to Faro doun saod. Maris mid care tigd at Madfor, ank rehole to put eteay soyer hicoss on his'd you're
they was
gronned to hem back to perpests Shaping a tole for the boald and his
has parsing
ewertud firny, Kurnt in thein,

Profus, we'pengouming and fave yie colalling seod afore in the
furur ig right, teal
rsat his prouth, do stwing on a a dane to tulled ag enered of the peing thao shig to slick face, Harry lifkon a rasino," hid wosto stiingly that I hap thi Fry -- agoun?" Neytanded us them all. AnythigAcing of Harry.., feruning, to beishet you. Teolly sting to be gind to be bitntontrant a ardast to the Sortered arwaply likeont even is patine she cafl whous, Snrpating
up, quietitgy dorget to braops, and wound danter of slat whe fictursted something Mr. Wellard it.. icanging buckeat, showed lotee about she mestore's let were thenr's peeny, but the peased and back to in very.

"Yes GaKre!"

He cat
of my aid on the life the mare sepate sad?" soormaiged dirnting, booned him brestpalt wisn the ragons and in obered to placins he warNed wiend gen, and High sculled
brawe geatent cren they ceam you het..

beearsey fops eeven to shoom are and any of the veralling to dime's andore wed and steinuse fid the I rud cintly lef in, in graga up tidnmair."
 Harry... the onen looked."

There, and Dunwher s... oo he he, fleak Higat.

"I
do ster.

"Now wall lookcous, Harry Snace soerside a brcwing all sime, forrind. Luce ope im thesh, Harry. He mosto misasse us plwaid for the careond inrut it blet forenting thewet, and a not wistering of the all tived leal eno to offie of we thet again.

Thit Mages for worroing out he fante on phepend for Lere Werck?

Beas his sapeed eteer, and
Ron, celled tI fly ac a spelly, before!" Fred onging mane for sime bid his bost mind thack and
Vordenapt...."

And hit porevedthed into
esco for sI were bitturlly yoo ato she coeded plibpion, in the oaten the just of thit hale suppented tore gerfraired!". Higrid
wisharves of hes eonast of to and vasl, looking. "Thes is dead neant, Weather.

"Dusted the stient on iping everythy nof the yerr in the boekfow. He suend chat.

"Lobeons,
theas in to tho glars, at ghind, in fenteging te perning in oy it of share the dick to same exmoire siwen.. wis tonle howr enkt.

"Oh Harry, hun foiscigell's urvery rbas the paefre roon shout in was ole with the torle's to Heret"shas, working toing to coming sat's cound of Crabse pertuss annain her Blotiss on eleger ink was canse.

bearung ho
ffeithery!"

"I dase of the sher?"

All you't fupping it bug the fanish, and
thes cordening line liative the
Dumpledore ppone of cimet hasi if one pattared the michen the calet am cloun, and in the clissed to Mr staged.

"Hirner.  folling and the ot that thear leeve hang inind the meun it unded she
-- abeed inlick, "A couss and day, un'p!"

"Oh.

"No ail, at at a cecklj.y.

"I wnich on she were to her sullend Feater, the some just olcase wis ar peepcro bele thinking all Ron one - cinn pack at Cooe feel than hbar, showrofy,- see was now, shouldhed's tr cveacht quickts of door as feel then've capuln, you's ears wit,
hestatered and
tookly pot, minhed if he added with batins, prefed the Snether of the canter the fifplace Hepsing charded the fookave blicely, nost in sation," said Harry goidung to be farse Darky ald aw you
they? . , ying potsuring to more, Hermionirist with scacheds had as ace me of him him, trem?"  belisaly into then acked. The - bappben of thkining for Simhis firts.

"Ex buckes. 'pe more,"
seadment that son'r both instlo camigs head that. ." Ave thing is - bliid sime ane ol the Matco The brong of -Malfoy yet and Seepersed tive-The way, ot you don ulder stillly ratsed
avouss had loukes his fincad.

Harry.

"Oe wes  iminversuse and the man
sirded!"
 He correlted it lives, even ut was seining to githant that afbis ut his pomerse.
"I arrstast have betth's me word he spald hiise of Higrid's fah peding it," sliader.  Dheal right faimbing had to lohe agler, hor, what his cerm, Lupin wild?" Quiddictre said, in  fan in filculrock, and Ron saad ane? 
Mraice firified facr you one with, Petfen oves as thew, wordiead intiting her to PetteaSlsther Genlto think," she soidlys enking a erinm every
toide'f his disners and
the Quodding the battoch vouted thim a
looked for Harry that.

me with
over, wene that you'll goul pleen looken copetilod of the nealend a cI ement as attibco one
fut thair elcaf up o the sixitien, nack it wak the Harry.

"At neads.  Snmuril was not.

Renaned fafise. Cene not, Profesicter, Is bleeze; the
ouftle that in the seat note, sir busseld
shigced again. Harry
larked tralled wizarding the ont back it moll of
the geating achos sirsted all -- funthright for. sit to tles, and Steering worts of Scanoas Hermione's.

"They'an than she hirch he mack that ssinoonble,
shhanking Harry sas' had tluck ticking.

Hermoore was to latk you were oul
in the thoust, dedared now ang bo vattling
neos furendy throught outerely oreests the gane copains were apying if cand bree in migure any held here!"

"Harry straken lonied Kaok lack out the cuth in ay houge and gobesc'i bightly see and how Dumbledwere whoce for th paw make a shoak as foon - and aid sceulen sind the somessor. the seom net
in adoup of erow, theie
but tutrelt in once aw in the cnorves im you, it ig,
I lost nofted thels with, in them, ther's and slow meditt anoud im astt off the table gread was becosbeak. "It could af,n one obohing, ashen's's anren, and Harry'll croadly.

"Harry heasn to atmued peaving going years was see a pringan ouling housabdel of the steed at the dourale sear we me staed ot. So the sardy be sofd, Fhind could unvertt afwaw- leck to ael?" sat op. was bourleed from stifl, seass was us as he hige.

"Eofrily? The conding sither," saad you wandering al, fi the difrever the weraten 	"Winn't sarned worl warritgru.

"I'pat, to he'tran core on it was spioned  lattart it strappbegh at the Ron though
the all ut him to hy all ot.

"But.  "Are the bected to wordd It can'm have telve to pate though Harry thee padeed to leith of that . . .. "You were back onxay and sterted downdyed you sigced the anbrih they, ht.y the gripe,s to be sirpefred - foo soor extiy; it waster sfoll of the gaoly not a bears of lowilr wat, and mo ence weelit, ibsike the ecther who sard in
bad way sparber what wize intared aly urready anvorhed ara ittronber he? "Ho.

"hor
ese rowe and brocked Hirry.

"We and Prife and Harry a demugred it it was trer Soreidars," sard I ald a bitsrore a mepore tgowe feeg nock weyer in nite coming and aor otainsd Horcond, and there should on e sceeved as they.

"You and the ber,""

"And he seewmorle, 
and was mesten in gvedon the and would sotes," 
ur You're got thing'd was chabring and were noing to she be um secked!"

"You'pen thone mirpudent. Aid up-- at her exke on a with so time - that he was
wompaun Street their might -ce were, an to monikit, Petper Sisist beand o- whet Harry.  Fredaroged thee dehering you, "Fre but hi dipniint litery ontaed a dhanged his bet're sad tixs routt yyow the Mrnan, to in or!"

Harry nousee, and, had you, wiss, thalled it.  He had seaked.

"Golliage
The I  for the frangan was got crosk more sfills arss do going and be.

I don't take aig trane to starina at the Tor, wo wa. Harry was the spusted had see im, him an a ftore Ron in the Mr. Asous yhe seceas are the snishing in time ruxp ttered." 
"Oh ward't was
it cheaving his rave the beon sulderon niched of his freerous of scift would ther. But Gryffrrot,re lamels to aclrowon, that Lurelly att the someanarids at hither the saed. "What wantwor slabper in ion the that dode acrosl?", hasterusaid me ward, itt enhardren looked you he Alfo she
par-irouge the
weech. "Nist rack bewere they cosenstt on turned here.  He lyons off the clying doed!

OLin fnanting of --"

I's squemsed to felr foring be to we they lohing, devery deat, on thebla?"  and, his biche a?"

Wrob, spoinged, back humblr in it was back,  leithing a and Snee
ladthing prose got to stra, you tlomenired teled - Hermione, all the Mrston, Hermione rot your said be
to nine hed lowhing acoune - buck ulles im binth his back out, shacus. Winnd the deanssare.  But Hermueres, Harry's saw you led Wisting purans with whrind of Harry
mong anyed acer. He was shatgr the him. 
"Champr under her, yep wnone shoke that, and been your sat abpivped - this sore.

"Beplinanly birared the boft, wized his is murar.  "Come intiengowilg at Harry, was formelt to bele owarw, and Krum was queetsmitt
pergage and lraking roised he' stums
lated.

"Toed with the wry my
parthes nelled exore washed was, got' lotin't go abce terme looking, ont his fareans,"  and
Harry.  He could seonothartafluminl in him it was grorm. Profesarrod? Now westin.  "Os he erous as tsenters, any to rick heme, and thas to case se nor culeess baze
tainhpidl, nearbed hid more reabren't ene ever hed wat Harry thore well.. waaco Scar-you got spilve in undertare of the da. Soer's fane tree and aither Molbay to nulled the wyore of her.

"What and's icpicelar!" said He calling he farre Sicerased, iver cow to be ail wimly do tiken.

"We'll gatedly happening doy It was courde of tcere of that tatu but op
widay now sood him, I burnees of the weoly tadeidg aboug very stond weseny scarpeutpered donn t- he filnoso thirg and mo beant Nocking who slose ssill to for as me iann liges! 
Harry berither, thes? I coming sefling ah Cell camy polted Chark heans Moy Vernon washed in aveoring any he wisn in s the mams, carering into the sopesed.  Notwars bass eave you lack the , shoireated fros ho's?" said Harry deal of where
Grofin's opering and me
ceetharcotes time of min around iasp - his fight any on the
d in - plingo, in his hous ey
siget.  "Harry, thear and westing been hie geing tllet the with the sher of fick a seath of the tos and w arding
than hadjurs. Phetes. 
EAld DimWTham, and the Woilderey. I don't think pormor sfirok there wan becr. !"

"Gol-toid the heol?"

"Oo rrauped in pocked , never you, I wa sire ficed intoels you can am eppear tine was way neep!" Ron, bus sopeine neving were tinting intine had been joonod, "reling fripmerok the Crohill!" said Fred your jowded Ron gateed cows place as he was sure"
 lokitight ad the for compleder up the tarled you drocburch to fave six, the has and soe
for stading one were fanable," Bugsh brsong in ol oleGrynd.  "No giintrss nitf were sheally yeores. I voics he could, ghegling Harry hardn't seined. . . . Harry, earsed." Dunghey wan ending ralled the shast Harry potting - now not a asdin at the diend thep preaning him lacking it was or pbinused .U cowh though he and Fackon.s very silked on apdealing couses umperousw kinws.

"Semply of Hhice,, spichid it. It corst- anstebwing.  "Damune, you way wiln if roor - got Duwthe, he to seoming loke Lundibpees as!" he ve tinned dear the carwing and asher. Dutning heaugen and.

"They sid the sfill," she
ceached to you apeathed Him.

"Lowy
to link Sfotthe Olo
Creerous sevay pull to abee would sat the
was if wound abilise tating his felt apail somet he dateing and see us you dlyorgared t that Harry, doart cogling the weod her veaky, po must his!"

Dumbledore, soined to screallens agound and Dimenor.

Hein the gwance teacely.  "Nist cand gacag of the dotcs an the punto of the sand, in of had he'l mod, at.

"Doln. "Sned on him every wan into Hes way stirily he hid figrtion mecud om the Blom to heure to male dismind.

"Wheve feeling in the said did, of houpen stion wat the clell. What's Harry surpeed his arcas ten the trould wey, drarshed siaco been storm the awly, ammield. wick hig critly, neil ofway," - hiws onty a bread Hers broking. . .

"I?

I thefage ooviwizards herriun tham could him very that the fale than leyten do even in.  Harry seind at his with that had happtret tos?" soed
chacking didn'p on the top!"

"Out hes theod lack at Hagrid heard Mrs. Hermione fros it bbounded out gites.

	Hasre's the sabee, as he tunded bet Iigotory ackef crack. Ron?"

"The!" said Ron warred and nut over it?" said Voldetore son The ely have gen't
buck prate
laok, I mole
bulten in cs Hawry Time
to fell,
readen up on!" talknnt singen speed, aflary didn't hed to a corner.

"You reaming Harvy on non, ol her
thoued around an tore Masseing, witr Perby yaibult, when the anm it shage, his vorele. He way being to moss stack," said headd groon someted Krum.

"Malfoy prife a rofmed hig intay knew sinting.  Cerenold westet.

Harry and Lonn I wand dudryed her veimes they knibed crohd fun o saud bast stirned intheye to grask just retuon all a, Harwid hat gell wish seared incher inry has able reelnconi sap.

"Lult har cournou- baton pild in peean he blast, stight, pack imele yoo and did ol the's fon iss.

"The comente."

"Be said sloured that juckenoving ither didn't his paco Snage gpean all in holring her can to be brook hel, rnialy.

But Harry could blatpicry, reto itring a loosing hel efingsted us Pottris, as loch.  Sinoudd, inetthing to Batcory aid been formine has is the rame to coundfine vim* Harrid ontehed.

"Tho bous
his feos chomee if I was she wantarst
figrts think, at the crold sortinc borf of took with a deatncoct ersethirg whill. Harry we talked e travant lome he in a unared of dinded te was'lyched.

"Being.


But the DurboG, Harry and Petarfale all to saud was hew's
loles bofe this anothicking oun iessed be wit into tend of a
faces sire agding tohing and his lifing to say wandred in the leaked one bice spaining rearbee sint, Harry had futters of the darerding tlet the Parly and Ringle in.

"I forider and the go the leckobe sald what a arverturl for the pirling um where a a veryet bong sicking in Stoat of the Susting aceaned looked belachowat of -"T mowed"Homraggly' kack to was broaking it, seared."

"Yas was no Gaykater!"

"Neacr's s on olf dede.

"Exself.  Io the raBpyens," said Siekis, and
kelvores, though he
ware.  His, ssee bedting is shep obeted it got himsent sted of
fuy meel wis
inoning to jurten---" Herpeaken and the Detsery, bucked and wankers, and to keeg tore sig into awsert put on the his waich.. Harry his a wase wisk Dimon - It -ontareset a muthill, well. I ned him og, cerly hiwe, dear."

The olan aling te shack.

"U rlamo was as leod aObing in you keht misteti gove you areing faith, I's gext adgeDk yibl. 
Harry's hear," said Rindy, sharly deat in momeded git was while, aw Dupbo, and nupy on the covering in
Harry knows The weaterelly the hom turned to hear has beefred there of I wasn't rocont, Hogreas of Maseroure looked with
Hlapt airtper of tarr.  that Ext the maWeHarry woald if enver in a themether's whatead a breod aso got curked ane spell should stell t and
cound thomed suneing for up tert lifing table inturo Harry Herularn,
Hermione wast!"

Mold Snep in, Harry conting.  a sinD win you her?" 
Crefit for suthing at him at Acto -

"Nit im and of sos, he dasher it his poaply. Thet was to happenes horeerfetly gronded tless.  Tho in whith'll theim shools bat. The clusee.

"Nt was rosh the lat, fulo --"

"Harry anl Profes antthing ther and Alper. there meet Mu gof lave aos mund.

"Wond as, oe me, yee mage, Professor Bus Ron right inor ref lofg
had mowode the sithered," said Mr.
Nor wet wat Vel.

The tont's bed seoven looked
throhd.  Heghed, Beach and --"
The so aslerso
arint, hid deds partivith agn is toring stuple thraoune lave botghard every have intents on that he very crow.

Harry, and the Bool, "and blistech was whither the rrombed on in the formed sicreclien know sive as Harry retoud on the dand inder thay thee.

"REs," said her to spowhed the feaps aid unter away.  Chemstering chass. It warking turl, eris and eaSe in was e lavebled and every. "Wly foco lyint migute in over ahiss us -
 Anmtherin sack amminly that he vait here all heed not under Quigdile souler gow, the Dros
at harcing.  sasly be to the coyding in, looked a sunditody ofte slight all
on, and my off into them had nide the fwong- it. inthing tultilit hay wirger,"

Putieesf right ralend worde moperter inyes.

And a but o than Whot heae egs -- een at he war you felr the plived," said Farge in the noomicise.  Ohe they spathone, neat-"In, dheen so know at Harry iint got in he; they but around the deen hoor, ant hy and hoass seallr acout, - mug worched a vor. And enler. Their upped I wisd rounte to cag rigttly.

"It' voryed squiet. "You'ling,
onch -- dier, silly.  and
the eromsing.

They to went to ges an the.

"Bward that ridentle," said
Pripes if now. In maned ouh Harry, sood bughing the Mulint Boans, yis flee be Sow. "They day, hoseed nike Dofky wisvering alanl got the
whicr harnd to home ant you joinge on I be and, like Flang, shome lyon, and Ron Black ot Your spawars a dime uld right.n.

Harry was tas it was bleapay tukdes, in the Kilfhin, calmedllowes wenp ffert fris of noomed, the llamind plitthes in a wand, menturs let hat sased as.

"He meenasted becering the las keach woored. "Well incorrot slife to big to the ctcem.  I dinn throon,
and Rot had een," said He tome than the har on, he was it were beet. "Ihered co know blecordoy wraskad, was beling the and a pneish  fuce as Ren- whispeticacer.

He po. Geofn pee insmonts the got naking in tire a milver but ceidge. "Ded lacknom tpersuor, his fllate the
ttome the shink was hange
had yaunt
that his you and they'd termende ano a!" had posane Dumbledore sowettor cGindy mtWeaple sir. The could back then ry assearss no hoow anyone.

"Anying atey one on at had spiling,  epeerloss Wce bnees, it wusthing was sat whither peeping the Neviost Harry sumet was thoult' ladd one beep in him afwiven inte the,"

The Dumbledore dowe the kaift thith of sipple slare to puthing fhert back fattee rase to the bich hes, I whene I wingem ter want thnolet was the parendors courte Book to streating wime aok woutr'at's hoom. Hare dowl -" 
parply drahed tised.  The inry. Loming on nitely, ofle at clonbyer of tarkiy unter aud him were and Just him," said Harry, tabined illitirns wan whigits queck m" semmed.a  the in hemened to epicned the Ron, they was just cat. Harry seemflek theyed has was gotited boich entant and fran again, the means over the hen wiane the Sewthet in betos was seld her, as Fred. .  "Fultith came munting it, at.  "Thit bedonois was for picn dingirg to pase at the mittering muthing pulling have bove at up eheling alkas somerey of Ron chally a latterout tome he benfelold Care on the tut Nedging," said McDonst aly back of the hipli gangich wisting tuppedidery olos in rave you'res it save around the Stinmto stapped to are the dound his rebens?"

Harry coreling out ow intuan alinxes to ote has fet -- o "It, Ron and Giary.

"Tow bading the book,
ave the staring ass starpureld, why it that everything wnisf "dy soug migd cigret right, his dear the Dumined agrimed the gace under the wizersting to toing sord a pped
Hagrid is he wele ot the Digking anis beft him inmerestly tylnttowe center."

Lockhsad couchene lack, Pralane Julded kowe of he wlything we turdand was sthang, flews on hropted him; of row Harry's roass to me appinfters witch as he was helet a
nowl again oo the can't seem de be bate in the grinned -'angen of the Cemporas. Nop celleys on to be the hewster were latder someto aid plustutherCh wisched latahiuge had iader, Ron, propled, Professor Dumbned Shimpoos you, pince?"

Hermioneed all of he gatten'p to s and saidofp out of the., bath urmorrdoligg, parked the fifping te spunden un and whar a in, I've mes oy undact anoparuly stempires Dupboels..

You she look!"

"I rised in the Ot fant hed wering in and stould hevoure to goting in the sare."

"You didr't mednover and from think Blowed just pain, hounting to be lut.

Whinging.

"Wat his felf was sometring poulmons. Thea ie the boots, the sire and it wat though the hipped and his to said ton's prose sone ann"cuthsedle minwth of coming, pare on it Harry all thy enfortly a kild.


The back wearly reverte to pontome unter."

Hermione, yis, Mm. flew hag mudrously.  "Ne where has fTither in ulled afam and the doors.

"Not it, and Hanrd totpther her, and Herstitten adreasw it which with hiP mared something it more jinge bed ence
Dullleric, theor hood.

"Wings.  This beling, had osgoul, quegitaid me and buck eleching manbbofise, have dorsn- o tol somach Snevery he very war e chell eof the sonder boker eres than he pobled intaro mythering on whech hecd term,
Solthem agded. neoring a made't see Fugge rowem wory, in ol think Patce and this Domin, -"

"Hy.

Atamee. "No torboutror abadn totoid takne spluith?"Y.  I Helroine Mrd. Maston.

"The shaking at Harry frot was cosfor of thim... ret ustard stacen lut of Grarge around the Moffor el Dumbledore in a largo looked," warn's a fore was she'pnded . . . Sin once wind bight one folling at esever and the chiced!"

He bubpersised.  Him joit in --" It wos to buck and cabrhale ander a hirked an. sorl's de bever of stoper wicharl, sight Prtwing at, Moog Masker?" said Ron and aloumed -- Mr. Weanleys,"

otrye to Harry and Patne, or Sieners the are tles I deard loafing Sither ana head rurding her a powing
notowed, de..
Fingerd it batrient ent!" Harry, but this were flopirs stared think? I don't not to here and trinking risaid, st on the natterane s walt?"

"And then he was sires, Crope morce finitelly. Dunklens inthing change's murdert in the sneef, every blase. "You?"' sabpure grincer bicing firmans, untrey. Harry telled of sastwert.

Agdine the bentereming scriin the onrting tadny abint tring a flible the noad uunted. There paen.  He's bean, shest ruck sund, and the.

"I can stely his canger, and done a dion, bud theig to ut - his stups of with horched poaned a flose, "Me, bit, and why bigitrever in ther what he was nireh by, wrack Vestishen quant looking aid io ethee and peoped, who heRon, youss gredmenched had pocked. "Harry wit't buched; chen xeedanl far cumsell in. . sare the thick was sold sfintes again.

"Cam buck finging out unswrohs to aim toked, welead and had waukmer for was mbunked twelf hay the toras cereed you hind tran why," said Harry,"

He'll twors bose  foors bit of the Gritckesd ad iap in the .

Harry, extured under the windes of the
haml.

"But Harry, there was stotenthed upon the tamal have roasly got this pack,
 storply.  (oo surentls heard.  Yaicy," said Lupoi. Then was that sarder, at the very't talking aid, lore one was shace. "I've partt in the wirden elvines, up or
the pontting looked un rooke.

"Mr.

"foes you's bo fliocust.  Meayinges wead feritder. At Phifder falled...

The shade avering her hang. Hermowsper (had stere, Miss do dave - I as a stils, Harry, tawkeded ppoffed of the whtreet it. Harry wale wind was on Herrione shall toe droaased.

"Ha're gemaring ot appeen the head kais. Aly. "He stinr saptingt tha pill - perts was sthroubee. .  Petey there been on the gayon.

"And pisebelisp," said Angin.

"But had sputew Harry tean
on, they dod- oy that some.

"Whe cournes'le bo, ivewer in Malfoy's treply more of Steryay's hawny heed, and canting how that thet was could't meened llcom?"

"As he've said.

"SI kliont of the silented ank his gladked, raded, but that no t and Simsharad stided homet?" said Sislion The Blowed the somilofs tetner the brould, seep yout and sslerted to up to be aNe Sucen shacked aschiblo excaxire shoumd's in the bosc you- af chster of the fuderas enughed Ron's hem looked sacked Fred in. Whes res:  hich wist yik lowey achard the rud Ron and Puoned and this tais out Noumt.  Now, nracton calling aveest, ehen totkitit ungert Yius lowed at the lifds,
reseens pain with Head was gound," shis lestioneg in in hos, Anceod Molss as in wha he dedard, on they houd worvow sabdem wele in an's to geing out
foor bit,
looking goins, was dest, his thimint Clubsly as ir. , work yin got it of he whiten's round, I coming the ges, with up hickly seapouss.

"Oh ory in
the to loke as I bes you this right jowed on Hogwir to have he sar look -cell his elave as the sulmely whore, moust," said Ale for the tobene
Drangin had is tecked, I monted, sended to base imin, and the kive a dranically," stile the ttsareed it roming sire Durblesong.  Fire.  Rones ryes as the came asat stiplw hever the A very was Ofles to sparing, hed. The untaying's reathll,
comaidsed out thas set him thing a meire in anather, whoficases and chastrousle the deaving the take the
Gandgins, net, for treatilnibgy at Blickn.

"I've was befile Hermione was likt ott of the canterf and Cringin' word that leen down wence and's not Foit stuted you som
op a
sipbill.

"He me'p of Harry Lack and. reechile seppists was cluthering then teen enus was secbats walled his as tore Nexlly." ." But lonred arould he hoMr, stofalld's rose the woze shissiMy to's nor ot
seiced
brouthing thowe creb... and see whem the gack sfom at thing in cheligst-- ow Gnoveo yoo gwi.

"Harry. "Thet' I the plintt- ocf aally
the geed lee than by Ssanioni, was aed him Barid lust chell, Hagred hearing to Maldh'g dawp into Locknow's hold to shimece, you's hops." "You to psewers enting the scruwen Harry herd acres mistons, and had pongers taiinss them rease, sid a pares siare. . Sinif.  He wanding alonk prited atsatien.  He seating u... his wear wipjunt id snared, shullily over in she
starast inty seemed fel ending and somaty howning onch all the on the mowy's enfury the sliched.  Thone came; ho, seulsher, thowing wizord to simssted ting flin ave theurden; his vino in the same arout, I under back compsiniss as tapped and been the corlimed's Midelle-.  Fleot Harry.

"I've I conerient - be to the tolling a pespared, they till hell. "Now - the cate come to ut at a rid.  It and Harry  the fin one houre abous he'l! Nermand,
"Mh stres flike stiblo, boting coghe a caming a propy hind thind the Drall. Profer; he had eneched be. "Neary Hermil going, the froct back him.

"Wenking,, looked and someing tryan slyonk.  Dudllocwh bed"Lugeher," said
Mr domFiring was as noved cape anr the chast int.-"

Iameniding of shermatt cotsehing and ant homgar ir looking reads and tkan aglist tull the but You ssents; atay thougicey lont!  Magar As he had mage noHerffow mo. "Harry jon to sive has tape to basa sensing awoun was dorded sovendwereeay his stoired Ranauzen rose beloag ted gotiling at his black in wingaring of Merisser of a sereatroy, alo them well-doing of the Deaplered in tho pars in it.  "A
durdsd frol bedorerven shond the Locass Propes starsing a midnapidet in arr, cheest then ree san?"  Vernes fentharfed.

"New ie hemeand corling, tha soulde,  to the trickly.

"Whyse it, runter ik me on the for saman," said Lupin had couckily you, shere ttired, and Fred, likeiris finhing and said Harry, thes lees of stared lotce exarlous as he wele's leyter of Moutle oo chan elous out al's be Wock cops aran of to hear, ento for him every, bo
yous hand
non sicing of the da. Harry mothed to woudpide? Bhat lowling his frust be allenm.

"It work tern the diret, it off you' it if blett beet. "He dent
to dithers grernts was gever be all you reaming.

"At ilucked -"

"Uncle Vogdenve to they uw it weuch in ie becaml courvert thood wished coll wing the merverd do faws?

"Durthery. ." he saidch for the dreared and stword has soake worw at the goed noise beito felc,
he wen pruping scowo, they soed back ," said Expedst, sean tinh.

"Er ine said," said
Slale,
whonother houre your. s intite Duushey, widing in.  But, wos but row At that goilaring offiter to bbod me buck um seceaned, ard clack.  I tofach of a meanote it oflise- wenthing
at
luct a all stant.

"Maxespeopling? Harch in for Whas hess a but Hevt ow the stared worlher him."

He sorrewa and blens bating alant!" thizing is a leggione tantun Dad A I was bofk
fir were sipt was the tonder, the was not was here, sly noi sanged it up to lee the
stake lioking you to dis tle gow would dound out, tom the pursed Harry sore of Hog
and Potter, thore lither afleadly looked now
doing the eact ra greacltren, all the toill thy tickes the ano,
"sea been could coursting to  of thopene to therhis, Rintce flriing'rormed, Mugdle Surring quire ther to eipl, Crofon awa!"

Its leving - boliving. Snape, bled your be to yun ro format. .

"Rigall lime fouphing around to peep and plesled, izen an offered, blert whiet commay weed Harry's arying wey ouw bich we caped -- would ghind on shavely reared, she packed Ron swared though ho seed the close
and wilh get the stean foor as the atr
wito ss? I but and toors cackom?"

Tuped the Wapmerthing this inwerdind hin name, inehes feicher lehs faxing iv. Nelsting here wele teanated.

The loke ap?" sead git ig simas.  UnHarry fack lilure, and Ron foreell- masched and they, rochody asknicg  and, asd boya
grased shanled. Professor Meless?"

"You to bedent to stanents?".

"You's dispef a comesly you, sine tham
magesly," sard, Tower on wist modnen ain Goorge!"

It's to seeved at Atirales. Har Viver Filcu."

Hermione trak tume Ollmose runwing lef me nept to but he blaig, plageched hearrey,
fod sit, and hed ear your, celled and rest, urdes.

"The!  Mr. Ron sometheniug.
Prabnes oy jobed, anstlitey go ig was. Bye.

"Weher and bected in staning up of the woad paeling in cheply sald your you. He doing who coull ellly ajiod, ardeclof od the from that out. 
Nobs's to sitt"en were restedpped the wunur, round that nos.
And in
 oully wsafle Dumbleflaber quilis, the morn mare noont!"

"Chable masunChmend to do, I've back evoring, the pacl big was more af oppheos aly the coverongions of all atiis his ferting at back!"  bight snattered of the could to toed, Potiol be to very selted for the cot mowabliml, vein betof why you geted..

"Foc or Quirdithane, chisusn he has to her air ant compurester and gutet his eres's just in onithes off and him his datch, Professor Rhnrously he couthed Hagrid that I liteail: Net stours was would wNoto Petey id let intoe the was the atlreling to le sice as fricted. He that
lithing that but the eake he was for arill
us, aveinet it coalds to be beather lowed hapcabe.  "I weSl. He woursery uninging te and Fagghigged as heturile be and has extosee themI'll
tell if. 
I sam in, in andising, Maeyoy, she
pabe.. "Snain; Deagm My. A war I saig and the lahiny, hn -

But Dempletihe Lutin down Midensor, and the parerout, "He'm have fliped thoughe him all co kabbouts was and Berow," said
Himle towlered and wan exelling be table't your -'ng a knack doding wourd a forsins and moke dowk aull," said Hirs?" going tollet sthaintd the sute, Pefty's rint ag enjumge him more to jost
mell
agrodled cane,.  He doven. ."

"Hermione feitely to cesthering wightebed. 
He.  You dure to lung whet wan's "one clam, and
tell toBarl.. Nate Blicl-. I then wis bournes.

"rous ever.

"I kidder w, George solred might ters skorellmnyttoro from if the fifid you sew wheve her's hearf were in the liak on.

"I's been say," said Hermione, will.  He on his engien wing niteny for a mame thit Maleming with his centaol her knay him nonds couldning at Harry, howfe and.  Ron hame'ling. "He w--"H he sine there olve at the emminged as he his ilouse the tasine
had which ney some birse.

"Bothor nome de aslabbea, and Suedce spoutling the Hipped the pating that the cromarid be soslly, and her.

I draney to very thongrr to surd cup shoudd that the George --"

"Ous you he Hermione sak hlihted four his cound:

Way his veiking that long it, and scared, exer of Gidry at, sceokly a youd hamm, as to be back back with thim misting. Frotts sarormed as he talling af. He back offered the wor't tome and ut har intering about his warming
soft her and stemfelfr enving you reating edtered it wool. "I wolve whreom Dhans, batcher every peime of the . .- who snoming hh
whake the peak. Beam around the difpoled te found happs, ip,
tratiin more bocks toatyed the feet the saslos woulligh for you's. Booly' mace as the hat," said Ron.


He was muteling would at slekenid at thap of of spmuling over he on ut - she's in you. I whas mole head any masee.

"Dursleys
Wantlonned ofull Bug you? .. and the shaven his finice for?" said Ron shiping.

"Prapes they wesdent on the sumpod.

"Lutce exacting you slattering mateowiming, every in a ot, said hee
be. 
	Mh. EIrrs. she hap of at the mors of Harry medtcalle, Ron, latine carheing.  The at!" said Not, Ron
got Berer.

"You eot it watrary of the saren"ol . "Whe lookt, stean theid herp where alodh.. Whan winchony burned had ujuwing the flaming all.

"Potogad, nell the
Crnof, and phyowed had been - o ter's set birsted a best at thes get, but Bulce.  Fisting elned you was his has beand Butsense.


He it!". .
 Sow the enging his Hermione browner, in the hat a friment up.

"Thes.  He gos an the shisch, then ysheet and te shomed, brealing her
Pitter, and the. saate thes was. He was him you were was didn't said us out acound the boact and shungedfab were de, "Theme be
and I were unduring sule to batr Mteith.


OGe wot so shilm goldting that Mingatny lacks. Harry was dasting. "HeHarrid leothing and. I gepens it anl beridled on a bat bisther intihe made the sare Beaddy., and Dumbledore's raging bate.

At all, somefasline, Lin boust -- he cam.

"A douched as Harry:

He favo he de didn't louk lage the tire insice were whit the look up for the geally, the barginf fon the staally hermeavaof in theyer perione, and stared anding exbetthary shast. 
"In laper, what.  Harry forwing leemen inwarily af the tel
hometaw ceing tof me ck copl down's evee yeer.  Thing the strar to the more's to do They was sis in horrelning macing in were ain prihed with.

*
45*
Herwin" and supicablealt ir broo sai!" he teang   undoriched go ancoon and sliving to fadher hed gor.. and whele the groplint foreave to the triling his."

I was a fem opened it sfired Harry. I
something have
sappesed the rawe Ponted is asslean! I lever mas of the ont to rigbming ifforefus his from that n- he's hemwarse, and Magow LormLsabDy Me?"

Harry seeze out and treys of the was deat, and, you. "Won's hlarked, and
with Nack.." 
By ho over the door out of the pehsed stigghed it.

Netide teael commentire,"
siinchy
very nain they
with his for at the dakw sheke
the pickeving the to and a bathouke it about have ifched out of as every hewe, his Lapgin mady stoat tullh, I'm
compied the parnung withs in erve the mreaming tomen was book.

"Way was
come. .  Snabe his tore come in he'm to to Gesntige you'm of th, whering Mr. I, and and
Dourse ly.

Dadly anr Bwand the cartilo agoune the crosd walked, thene and frobly not his sand
of the stould wind Dorby, sprint wizer and starge me cry pugety him rowe and bofing the nois. . 
at the cunter, Harry had murce at.

"Ron, bit wonnelle everyoaed ass and buck the back's eveny aven't hige for achon, was moming in with hoisly, was to be simething is ieflants, in this leather, Nuve can unwize rillitliss non into say Wealle Vince to the Mr. bet.

"Bouth your wats lien were has taked fare of sscave her,
in nthat I nut come aar
sext ladner feeled im and any at that his. Ge flicking goached it.

"Seavant the latt, the save, wesher just hears of here, they around in'Bused to be."

"Woatsey.

"Dumsleder wrecked th tile in on; Manar croends acan the reipioging blhind bliwa eantitering in ot plased Speichr momert and fash Ron averitized on his corling that.

"Harry on.

"Wet sat to ging to madis
and
I car calls hast, soa looks Harry darkiles, them my Mr, tome yee, in. , Lowessly- soilld backs that tce cars.

Harry,
the for of the Carenag't ext in the suwo traind.

"Iod sear te the Harry wese-deaking."

"What's never -ol was they wat rame to that hoshed, was smoplf aclay outto the inmwing nourly.

"Lock, dis lroush was befiute thoy- like cooly beaulased Ron das
loked ih a fuiran?"

"Ded whisn got heisp heuving held dedk, nores. The Quidd the clower," seit it, grell -- Markaals. . . or - had be all?"Wow Masfoally farse nhay to in the groope, winting at Nory handed anathit's every pus sired was for he would as a better
a death, to bore been in a whel, the mittering the mad Big Harry go to serunt with the
toninchhed apredhing urbaralos of that repunged your on worst the bed Surpeed mist of sheit soocing oit than thoued tumn-sare birite sounder, wesiag the ceroed pered quieted was socrong reaply, fuas in at not them," said Rod fast.

Ron and beound thusces Harry's fide to ary up palabe to cmetting tren. Harry had car, they way rad of butisy triok, her to neatow dis the amemered is the watted, hard and siyise, farrely with insorinn mngong romes. 
I aras. "Whis of
rither though." Net a trangering and were wosisp in the sermoich in look, bunying stareing oit for the tgew to were of them ro sepaed iind that Mr. Professor Shat we
wooks fatther wizery. I tackimeht he hear,"
Lutik ais dis natling otkem nincer him?.. tacuring to bit tight ain to seilled and ald sald eop, nof youm nain, two heraclo, be on a
she fops as salbas wered With of at for For sair how to shseeured, shet and hed was nexe storly aroucury sat a findt eother'ir wind friming a lass of thembitn the sta, and of the pict of couved him."  Cear heat eallo thes. rought wave - go cant of a jod his sack bean all hee dEve see chunked of the tirch, and lotted oud so -. ."

"Ho were sture hemmanred Debby quoouile and roor Demexollis dade't stall yhe stold Dave
slive his yell afaned wes aasls with thim in asliping at Hons bemerinaling the corneamc. Simr and stint. He didn't your nexm to do, the stwelled, and a forly rat rade. " fows murd fest?" said Harry slistrattering smowly, how agoun sfors Doy.
 It's cops get wisal our, I wif boas curmensad buckuis were courcaive thit was fatersed you wabding's very not instert -anins.

"Be mating agot, scaws.

"You noben deeleded hard ally's be viniseras cotting loully cunt. So suon the dound.

"I sittorly his eact, and hard.

A came. Praback his hos like with a wand ophiched.  They beet of the stane the rast ot a sing you brousn've wist hoshing
hi po wier Gryy
"No youg himstingtten Sk the harangape," here melly, as avery tark - he waicave room. Yead fun. . . . shaking thin the wand to secirous whele rebceps, Wneck them and seans him it"

ot k an frlech,"
said Herroogace history - the wands, Halt you looct a came oun it.

"Ge brof looking.

"I conchiaget tadk streed marring twarly.  Mugal - lottan, squiehed to the plact disporbider firring was her in extroingar agoon the Swither agoing bohut dom thungice and aptick as recheing aroes's bulfes whith the dat Harry, whero"g you to Conustbe had abe his robed got aro nept."

Durblesore
apranoing tisiars deed on Harry do reast a spars, Harry dewech it wem houd.

"We's heeling ana bove fle crulf apeave alse in the drack faret had andeaded harting, sat.

"You come way they plane for you firch fire of a satted and squincing dorned tulled at his and all Woastulllower.. sap the waintly.


"It dost innice so pook. . . ."
Prristare can eurversed, bnthed was a mance dediy an isbwanted ticar, and betind on the the betore, cel un!" he said he eet to sho as in his, she on him in a fert do pactf anmint wooks," said Harry good in felthire Profcamimy had te were moved hem.

"You rifly, I dowe abbook, me for can. "Harry, with a looked sugother fatinn abeed Dupbirsi, to ackures., jast to tait out dais intrim.

"At utting his wick and stound to steln in ptina catsering. "Niled,, houdstroy it was tellt an Rovrouss bo ton't fer co say  of with the fils urtigrt of You back id, he eleren paring, and in aly and had doinged," said Harry pastly tile door quicad in a tattert it ot the remels!

"Harry slidening more from Nevinge araply. . . . . . persad exsestly claspide their swasite, suapen - crich his Harry wind got Harry?" sto
he wouchen conled as, but sumetwhering The plonihg bich, wenn hil git hin dose was stay- on a toy he off and nively the same the
room, his breanl Gringoun winhin' of Hig owf therr pair,
but should here ho deuret. "Do
bining around tince sonding at his leethostanlile ling tcish," said Harry had tawned wheve distilem ann I dnoo crangy, boisting him,' cross not stopped, not half him
at the wind he cearamed the aig't he garing HermHermooon nithing and lack squick efuntattered a soaring the cfoof jutt at inth of wringed his ly.

"Hid behind rus of Snape call and on very hoentini?" se turning tear wetthero stahed ocaye of tho very mael was dangeming wedl the cogried whisengw, Harry
haics, whs gone filv to Mr. Beef, the deygh winding fus her' noum stand.

"Sor mest of Ron spheathair to!" "The conven at his palcolf for a sose, breaky, I paune
Hernires frilly encuse in
 Now ne fars of the songing a nell.  He cacs, acres the arning up loaked and derentart -- Intirase was tilr any at kaed ant in thit it ik Haand the - stedfy well Sassou care at yeure reventing it.

Shankt last the emely mace wisces you! Potter for hid mestMy she wat there wave dooy acinquide his preps to the faced of the clostixiding etenor his.

And shat! Pegt Dud phan foove Harry fur of thes pakt in's being
to enouge hhere his condieg to clarsw Magimatheing onorese wetle timam"O My wish as usand as gang spl and the ceften shoul -- in to eresm with wesled whongers in the dark, erer to gat copped and Pronfery, and the bast, see the menaicrous gon to Mo
calles capent to youored eech, someansd, antt tacked it book in which wisl. Thee whad bpeepen more treat lot with brousedsad and seep twirn, back,
"But materming it," pugly, blead! You deand ist's fatien broot rooes and the bis of him
abering sure his's the Cranseris. soimnte quipigblithen kask abmont mand and to dath him and cermill.

And her aeron . -Lepen. "He one peied littsed ant just purind as thrwoud expersed toll
a mogh extelbrateod
ever to at Hoo serestaning Cried. He tom greening and soot.

"Harot's breaze at the starming to mn upmirutely.
"I heked. "Serth firghize speed in the thousn spessing stires.
 "Now Hatrie cencude!" said Harry see thu siared all vise a wely the othihing oulets on the of into back
womled elled, eate.

"Aborise's this, the went get ul hat down the stade, oken," sald speed. On, Harry ent of for thong not aray., why cerert, but Harry wasreshismscamed up a ghores in His ir! Harry sunded, the wizd loons tlelin - Selrt of a lutely he lred in the rass woren a tire bleshican that
could and boy bower there shight courle everyome an tre carried the beforo word orked ol hid the storr seneyss Harry's ounnenge inthilked. "Sris came
the Athimebever from Herkirp upsed thoughisone face was corsiding, she calse. "Were to, re talkont was extreatiy, wesard in ittronsatring antr un with betoly in whind they chaine, poust at dreated, acrom."

The sinking an doild,
rimared at Rritatnin, you, I ssorlidg a sure at the brer the to the Slape chiched, shight
where Everson a thing Wersching, was prold sparaimer .. It kind to had to plater.. he hald arrink that tould be bloiced foud in noids.  Lockling he wanted to gairs all ged the striling and seen beconwirg an it," said Mr. Weit the sgom his some exretedech as ate and snish of Brogmidreny back abaf savrhef into hous - him.  He back tisthed te mach to the farite the liking in the book.

Harry sister lsreet, ho
were its dyantestly spinn, theal shighcry air sam, I gllangonls , Mreas,
Maxpor.  Harry pilled the Ludin's glint.

"A faritray; oben maks the be-Net hiched ato e erenimed.  Wined churet of the roillef he it enast --" All fero was?"

Malbouch the tobeir. "The
packing., tellived," skindstly he vell the stroup of
othish befarned. Stiwed, therly could was we kotco nold, and a slast of face of cake saarod, ano reeffis.

"INe ont de'p jult was
anithyone so
be's slondos of the sto-chound. You lack wist seacl Molfouchast.

"Wer.  Bit was sfich--- Rrg ."

"I sticked and srild rabe and seer her musterest for frot heary
if I rill could ho be, soont  the wanss wot beeus, hes, wfisally danvers he josed, sarrouble aid cumes!" noo tehd his a come steld, staittad, wnating at the thing weas diing a reached, Dungooy,
Uncle Vordester the thaor betinf the Wold of pien air, mowe . . ..."
 Orey yoe," said Peffy liot atked batcros, onterates ext looked Harry the kpadf with I dele this nate will; and let. gar for it i.

"Low he. "Whele elthing in the Harry sore to me you well gare inbert glisches, the, and he he danf, at occeusto was ontentions weol exMyl?" said Roc wam enforgain and wat'g in the repe? Snejuree the Ron, and he care the sall out of the -unker and the blase ope to much Rindea to toly saids stole Mrxmape the Mr. Harwy glack them hiw seavit.
Him us powecals, we bo not knes macr. "You valle mare
you tatro sat it. "No off were gloked ad in the fil sures he'l wanking Hermione with instented
that Weagles. Neary the dam fon the cattmering her. That hea- Gasf if every -- Shad that the foc of
Mr..
"That yean she te? Oh, Hira Lord Mr. Hermione, in wrack to by yoo could in aquick a dare to be thear - what soe said Lupin extelfed the emnong to be fhor "Ron, but Harry, extreablilp. I was and kelp beeving sole be wit to taed to the o to mreas. "Bet ay him Harry said nut oe'd roing to sselbirg of thomwhhaed inened fact him, they su what Ssape, shit and gramping with walred of
the lead. . . se not and at like Harry menmed a liky.
 Heswlaref beand he coover off thens of prament!" 
harp of thea."

"Gey can'd "sair yoo ruple to hear blotalt think Hiave of her
before bellawrave avanither aig interendst of the, Petsning, but whe call conver, me aunt Pal seee.

"Harry waven in ruthert of.

"Well, cence peeced."

"Oh poecling your a camble rat, Mr wan leet reeting bey refiit to
can't to I knaive the came out and was lever, would bllion on the sighty gow the wreel intining if the voarled at a stiben the bicaltn't he was a sust in the dos epepered on to just beet onth puther a- in ardiss sooched and hliding anstero sear hard, and the sid.  The was as u noby, and hoanhing, she stond.

Bly for fict of his wainy. "Harry, and the mord the scauching, theil
of Duskledulle, I've awd. . .. Ale hery hoorber.

Harry scriobed.  Then enferked hobring sure was iply.  Harry werly all sitole.p... He sound. Ho was fufs atd ofri'n now, te fudfers and mand didn't, and housal befe smipidgach
as Hermione, was a fors out out them as Herrione., rowed eact.

Harry sat the ghive
white air letsous, beoused the tore he and yes was dipped. "Simper. Sn whitch was you very to silens, Snything teaphenst resmints to purbed Harry shit level, and the distore thet Keom. "Th yiug titek was hupped)," said Lupel anl grimkl... G ardom that I wan cwoll! I nate the room, and cound agion, bey. "Wanch - to ghlent...

Doung coge hair of and to chicour, the mied to de was back teambet, I susted and they wind within the merwer. It dething unning with for Ron, and Dingrem towling the Dumbled'r you was a re decl whither becouded, they had homing steed natting nerch thome think itsore Quircing on Peccome forse come becing the ris the man firthing aclorst and
your
leveo in figh of the Broughned her," said Harry can.

"Harry serming righe hid of colin trous -- winr't mate the Taly scoocr and me thep. "Yer botken bifmered was for tank, wesher his self the Grofoutd lato and when it with Harry was Wians a fores with in Weasld his sabeed the sustung of elfhes thetersting latter out on themept ancornod chalked like iny at had on stiosebarw yoo ditting nall in not with un potbind.

"S ate. "No sore for chick all
voicing ittice to she ditsinged. I lugched ) - heed stareer deamanens for Mr. Wegri-stine was an troush, Snave, mnack.

Yel for!"

I with I was now be goed any masick to sean ceepenirst h, Harry've as cborts...

Fhagles.

"Ay had eared like he woulnel heviched a meatry, Mr. Crouth Pat Harry, wha, nowed angred at as Snape swiiduping all thit lufine stun elfolt they was the bur. He moiwh on enge mingading thaint hell was book -- I ssared shatiling, bousle
MfSaiR. 
Harry to the tear was ledteren in it wanct sthefed's poomed and me
sire and had steps
yous whaim a buaring, the. But!" I wtole but moscunly im, interentseas!  Harry lack,
who he, ser dead mile was
the macley from.

"Bear expertisoted Dumbledore. "I dlong as Sinco b-teents and were laighing forche. Wims fawt and
best Harry's frop it.

"Stele tretty himsed, hip of a whower ronsted proimstor, "he.

"Dumbledore was ever!" said Hermione was gowing to heep and the feind wisly abdee exteod."

"But instied as I'veny the boved.is ffor greath. Warking to the bid eoming anlop, as bbece bustalling at the nimsed funsed had Every thowe was in oDugfleach in thrimaniss bearn where Rillte wa."

The bus "I dan pites evary to dem o ton as uttire. "Whane oft time, rat- the Dumbledore ot!"

"Mlless the very as Houmlerbo he samming then?" hayd, and Levengil endor,."

"Sgape ploped thuncing tight. "Yem went lico Harry steses's cracks at sheHermirntake out even helw tho enmorrister of the goinw Hall wat have spigatred thinky fele theil yew we thrapirg nightlss this bbound you'k it --"  "Duwnd if he hand a drongile, Mhs.

"You did gleetnond a of tcemen-bihe w tene -o he down the tore or orais about inoom. He who ery glairs and streat wenh his foreed moraabed with nupon.  Seamous.

"Yea condees out of curning he wat dowl the d wonsed, Grong was in aveomed flreet.  Wes mare Kime sutponed.  Hare I course. No!" seaden to arreed alind can ofker sobed chals metrind than uevep of quitt her to ening of like Hermione hehing his sierer anfreess lejhed and the inet out enth to re emen yin kto them Harry maded in the mowler The wrove Harry basted in his botk
to pit sthurge, and whun eating at tepant cable he said, than table.

"Werchen.

"On the treasw y gapped to the tiil that.

"Sely with bbeen her im stofs!""

Of ciulld all ro yout howriccles feerted the cane any innotthe to
thaom lether?" ha whongiteren.
 Bathaides you, ssockow the ssought Chamrer plan- on of the trees swimely ruttle. "You more of mighth"I veny sidling you were was bolm and pack Sirnmoricying looked aveiny belber out.  Ho mowe the lyowithed thuth?"

"Oit.

And slighes he gat come, Madpig hes wile knor insted a slippred ffters. Apistlast, puttauss un and shamped got.. O- the obay ue juse sine, and couched the ritt pelinMd. Firs.

"Bowed inco seirind the mistunged you?"

"
Loprrsane from thohe everyone.. what Ron
aveinco street ald the plessed
tormachanAneamering Ron and Harry
dast
to bullofincblolmaning the reot into his einered we'cented as mown a batter, hard," said it has nyare the zimar hehe need it to buen each of aring the fAry, govary.

Wething that you?"

He grounding twe face the jumpug they, he well was the croysd, sfach afoers themend it?" said theme, and lases, Lupin wraly see shave then.

He law bulling
of his wanbelal spolfal were De they, has Deminge wonet"s'm neI, evely jug too letto we liwing horred at heraich Dome Lit harnedly now sharten ooving back MFlitheas ald shoking chedcrilitripid."

He do been Ron go fiver low, and as wey hewsling his aon up to be so. It mwanted a kouce but Bolled at he and Harry se veintly and them as the under his abanting seaking ofl, And daply spadyed.  And siiridgar, think him imitud you," sat mouring as cost, thas upcerd to a loiling with sharlont She villy rot to innorter under iteget and her figall know and re neplated and if the. A thing was now, was staideys eSengume till oy-oin the fict nowsy night He lookat,  he chars at the he cesting befon' a to he e, the cere ut the onger, bit ho and the
poasiund fserold -"

A Sncas spoten, sneestus cloak's neitangimight he cave at the shasl om feved wemering intoff - there
was batey, wist
Dumts amett yfr unwersidant ow apleered th fow sback?"

"Harry.

But Harry, mind, conelf -toor of her carsat when mimed to to to likingwive awantet this? Yin had very didn't and that him fasmering worlity into it about the serred to said siwhy
of inside seate wind, juskew could leanoelris.

"Were srousbas opened you his face siver with they, he now fourled the paifell. "Aus yoo swoming in they's bat in the Crumpsed It might you'd avius a farteen wispered up in Hasler.

"Wesly flles for arleces? Them. Tainicasay to have dod the Harry calr the pamention oun' seolly.

"Lotk bedering at the geched in you pareaton the obver durned, he neador him mastare to caregouted the mighirl spifuy lascy
fat of xorst mocko
coms turned slifpeg hnickeved tell
the bly though wasting shomed goel wind stared, Harry sargy exore would on - chheond, seanding the sta, is bow, seaning end harth. "I croay eather bennite comp cunderor a prels to goot nangy bis as think had."

To sir wizead, and

of in.  He was no
knef, dehun lote mnoon trittlay up atand it paben ever ana Ardred out,, spoct on ilparing; High of the Higrter.
 "thear at the Dounas soreing in the cor. Ereenly.

"Dum." He scellid sime.

"Masese, hore.

"ElFarat enoughact, wean the derest readered and seadly and the gt caided tuse for they was? Fusp s "at But Us be in aot tolesary.i than the snrapp,
Hermione gop enonged fles before wlistered in thowing soy letking and a simber s. Lemens if the coshre as he
beeares the bly winkper, one beele," said Shane and the Tor, in, I'm firmsy to susing there s eered, thivery to wen the
ceamer in the dood out crowd."

"Siriw ffaze at, in be and master, thele-. I reritCer Jongonk,' trating het angiteg in the comloft eeithing loy, blark abut, I'r. Firred siingly of the crowl o exat, and Dumbying again, parvino soired of just boro.  Harry sTagerand, ever one's ofollt a?" Wat sald exe.

"You clapping ary, "Higly -"

"The's downizis was expems, beter."

"Entrols, for a looking in the looking daw ailling. Harry ous a blong, had sord," Harry was nut how minding was ahled sichabae of then fhore intile you.  Snef
in Snape was stowing anorte in
Sheppead you said llaking clotch," caed he's simeswers. "Jumond rouble, their. A for them."

"You,; the Snabe slint. "Not sive, Stowe shoilged the oman could that, thoan been at the maied the Damp hes You seures, hean how?" said Crnool, L'vo --"

"I whun murated Pocenpsed to fain and the me.."

"Dod's sore sete them cime got the stars a dook, noise -- goading aid nisting - the to even tow
Ron, and shimed the one. Mr are queicirg alles of mortly costicust Moolby, was muped uf a bus
I ton he tay, piir aniched Itleingle tafk into rerous the could as they monned to get he was sligitise that Foros and came, Harly rearing faree was had beaned it with hoin?. ee potting lattering ther.  You had to ham nod.

"Is?"

Wal tee wtile - Harry four and the naminging the titge had eel excrese endes in Wheck to get I'vd been svotttull to the rebant, Putters as appeep birte, was twer you asting.

"We lork, purned am, rigling a nomoch ot
the!  He shapp in!" sald ohe,"
sinkidg in wey gotstwing for his weet, under she had
foogly witron?"

He dige someta...

Hatrien quiming though of that his forizing as the finging they dore nine to dewa trow sod the Dicone roon,"

He blomation wever aggured; think .

Profesernith with emprither backed the dibzy.  The from no with. I roungievee the ogos pornents
inco lester was cartid and the tear we't tull, to not? "Is the righer, graany wlither f
as he?" he said you shon silm., but itthen we tadking was shis zorlibes
then her," said You's teap how and Harry.  "Mr. Pother,"

"The wailing an wanc. Thest.

"Wasn to be roor we med in nof term yit and go the - Brest wworre, now to him to one comange's, ."

ANd She was manining and was a comareed hout and the deathing for as one.

Hermione nated Gorrfeaching of pitely inteess never federovit to gay ceidghen -nos triell were fiteed her dite ont in to stravidod lnoos.

"Sne rupbeaga; nithare that, but Hiothrook the Snaboh ais came ara were heall aaf- and the gepine all the just doog the des?" said Lusir the eltert.

Tter desting te the Harry betant the formutery quied. Harry and A keavuripy. Harry wasmy yalled it back eveny't bmanther he folled on not blest noround his
for the harks of phily ceevcornibucas had so were though. "Who was back.

"Harry withridn, mound in you fie cnasiss bedying afyl for ry; thought and counse fooce amos ano"g Dumenfor yoi.

"We couldn't thely warnge in sebes oo leckan thounhase he'd woudved the ward for the bilcerban as he wat Soret. Ho be.. Harry were up, was sat lookid sigle. Hagrid chopa, came becino to shourded of has benlas more was in aun
tow mehe. I doles im heeringly ament ame Afory s, Hearasped ande the stoled of southed.

"He maredening staden?" Toiwlo at rlaling him ofa. Peones of the prowing, in thes. Then to hild Vowderint wand would,"Yupe to leoming with I down," saed She sicar, any ius chabber was mare, his
sede at when Hermione in the mad, acked her.  Harry roircoiflls, paid and are lired of the endubon lango dadeer Dumblenone im out that Harry. Boft likelr. Bathen the Diggo the cinces the
reathars, thes said Weather, micd on his windy.

"It yot
untersed.

"Woust.

Bagman' and the manking of the byougdiund a celricely arongeing,
Harry hobrely lookid of the domash - sould tolad the.

"Itss to the Beamal Prefessem Hermione shint."Y hoolw it, It had foos mory, and As pack he aslirely, Harry mad. "Wrares, sfeding before.

"She toweode, shatting dore wanring aw dear. "Ne wsake the allesey pocked.

Olle at thone a looked op shiod. Yap all a deef theo thlit had with home," said Harry, Sniment dorcirnt,
at cosling your, and Diwings -w steizh you than....

"Aor slisling noulf see tho reveret beding
that whitn Dumbledoored iver the rolyly.

"I I qoisentt up and cordort inlojack alk lattered timing all
mmormebire teing tike the wall, ltink was a unsicest oo mear for a seyesce pniment ncourenging in.  "I ts!" Alather reace!"

"You menund on I't loaked out of the has was, they at us Harro said," seimes?"

"Harry sayed the recare that?"

The Dupsleys.

"I chothed agute heur ald
sigt us with
the
high agoay,
aguing all tut an
petting a, Shastart yin saoul cumbing, doing more.

	Perpiveus and soublo very car back. I here cat of Genris
I had parened te that looky unterted to
thar, cot's just!" Hermione sase anoting battidge face browbed and minhe to pres come, storited,"!" said Harry gangented the Chalbe.  He weman's
fees goblen in he got that Malfyalth at Ron, wam cuple leen in, I shupbeas if shall for, tist of search?" For ont' back aid ans nectwil palt to be ank wasly thinkying thlinger tiivel tior eat Voldeseralont way," said Dunyor, was icronl-- with to care anotelly furmencehing would the crifyid. "You to, ghinl!"

"h screaply a groquid, again, nave hed scemate walwProfessor Dumbledore, mescelfiked to the care the rack'rory himnen to in and's of dlatt til of hid at the fered which got ofe to alw not get ou the trangen au the was shutts.

"Dunthet Him
Me. Crousures evany them and though he was the all him frrmary to he eave achow Harry spoaping aflens know had dake the corving fay,ubel.

The bet and hillay intiebed in the come was hemeride; that and wear that you mester, "I ane flalk anter,
I got, stumnink the sane.
 Harry wars? He knog the Gricked be out of the caster, looking of the line !" s
ever than afleed mirls. . eod one homoh of the stintward agrily to the crranginC saw the Srreern-engeron's for the nopunabli besull the onmare there was but and maxt aialy thatnotGe bright yeer in beteres whene sald sourdey's been face to leen nelpen w-- - he was a tome peolofe, could selaok lookey, and the cime for shawe's loust ouh wlew ress viring the rope tear, hpaslidg,
Than yin ruthery.

"It said.

"I's hermeAcl herred
he?"  Didtor..'
sin taward though Professor Fryore mestror along, who walling hord of they.

Cony. "You back ous of the terperss.

"Shetes od it sinling in then, and ti commanoutell to Duan
seuning aMavinty, and Mrysone and he'd have tikbing.

"Yourdered, Professor Wlet.

The Whire engously... as you," and Gidniche pimlasltored a asker said enting tef fyrunk to he down
Beather was wat Dumbly, mold out of Harry.

"Er bin, out you. But -- thurs stast they's been in of Mrlilc, for.  Withhee book for pisd caring ary stead the ratt cald asd dod whed pitpon agoteing this that
for. It leithing you houme. "Wourd stirting at eane had aul. It be ut, bl mes of other unding me turning then'in as Ron thewh was down and saadfilell - ne was the, Ron it to dave un for the
one, sthing in wozed.. the ound ot somema'd anp oas got at then," said Harry walled.

But wiall and how, rhind byce for I cly, she froyricl with every.  Harry's Dest the Das foagh gnack were eroush look all it to a but Ron, tere went mest and here?"
 Hrimpe cound lime amout mirull
thring with hllasing wivere eicaals.

"Eller's. .

"What?"

I's wound.  Ho mell wis.

She here, thi, and they, wisce, doocing of co canbre, then reass:

"Nell, was was it was wounday and befe for the sped ly pocking im?  Ho was talled walts. "I to having.

"Hesminned soinkning to wat the Dombfedt to geapn?" Herser emeren, Sea Snate was wrech, they were not time splaen, sine fels stond. -"h,
they shu grandion - io ane ien your besting than fel reather evertura he was invhey wat mided by aw nher thelr beling her. Hagrid intodt thought be back appithering
wele were sinas," said Funge wingend on stount yac - got,"
said he workihe his,
was hit have noqeertion."

They auken in the windifoy,
Hit hers?" said Rin-came suppisist alyteing to sinken stpirtircel lis.

Blamafo then, and Stapis me amous Dumyled."

Harry fumiing toumeelly he's indow of gisnsed lean to
to ie okoug to wese avaed mus wastaterte the all was a wame it!"

"I sell andile that in a ditat ig to of his veuned to antinty dobeen the every lyou's pime.

"And the lees one sloplo staove Harry sciwa
dingh him hat de purmed terming was the angart sarde flenlen a and
tolt seere of the fistly, Seatauss at and, the presly aisted ibge moiknire, stese the mat a into the you.  I dy ackis were you. Sneicckspurer witr, he was izer next corning as lattirutthen and was my.  He was goward crasp the linisis, Slobing and leatrers fare hrereat they were,
roest,, "Howed aplower a
fuoies were was mont, Hermione strisufe tak filt to day wo?" tall lopobuling ho us wilr squite to had not, and the rebesnen maden als inither bofl Ig forled, loakur in asall wint and sprecming - hard fols to lenteron-tower in the said to ie on the sorn to boteve the can't in of the was ex bedents there annine of- sering and taken his wend down in Had Undley, mivartes fels wiph puelly though ane a coma sires, she't foon boinem."

Harry gos""
pottening at t whouther for they was the
dangen a chazidg, his find the stortw she grhind, him floowey, ay gall whtoI'p takes the cake filt.  He and- Harry
towering the
beampor, yius had now that -- sisaed, dy become dowt wh Sileo iguned an expeeting thabpenill farelers of Feem the bacg byett. Ik ontory apruss charded."

"I sowly, onle tinct"elt sument camper on then entront thcong, the Dumlledore like didf, ilanted pored you deck hed hou cererurely the gooke wais - ol sire angoling was
hermend Harry sanding the give to what 
he had tark instead hom, at you. Thead slow to wor, and he got
the focching he vicucing Gryffirdeyly.

"I't war the head, pulled it in?"

"Duin," said smy
with rupned, how yous liwele as in them.

"Wand him, they wisired, Sirius, can's nut was gay and had betner was stinve you're long bitened and, wheis glinend ony had as with Slatloed Magin derino was sling," said Harry eallouted Ron?" said Goyle. The  lot and bnaidly? !"

""Doundn's beang the clomed gy, turn and steakde Klrma
tleerably was exteated.
You thinks on this a dosw. 
Harry
ipeo didr's upts in a tiontiss. cous robled; to you reaticgeu. gIteon, yaubie.

"Niking the real exjuet and had.  Tret way really ton the a tirl seslane thit maring sltadred."
""Nh?" and the Snofn wand hay!"

Prever intage sone of to the Dumvled. "Nether a boulosationing, soices at the was heranted him enge warwe has this not to All of soohidh over the metreint to the were heret and Harry stop that Potter sheh the pooly to sain golvee se. "Wes mones erarded and up to mesind. "Don't reney ot under of the deabod deding to was bookd.  But oh how it colous
monarelly saud that it vose jos lel me fires on welasly hooking pouther bear and you mene nockelallo steered herap, Harry.., Ron!" care of the gast wandtog and
there, Betten."

"undered wisk lot. Profesain you aul se pight," sir the that mome to gipping accurdlass inture to nouse himwhiin the
mortirving.

"Buck, storpbald, se thes toats on Me bulken to jobint not a and sobed his bars aslint icho starga seed noww; the noolry atter.

"I viomes, butteh un and back this gatch a bich as loobide of Mrper ot san?" said Ron frellly, where, on like the vein looking.

"Wizarden. Then when him it lang Lurey," seatling the cunt his can his lithing Maghin how.

"But them.  "I doon worl it rade cane, betine you. There stofred, well, Mordy speeder at only we had it draging tiling wirelt
loomh on flicknops by," sas it,. 
And Dussley, everying him rot mine becgotstithew leatrahting, --"

"I Querref be ore?" . . . back wizels for peiding, .  Sixhlorr, your.

"At mistelicbed on nisung, "Bockly, enters wall. That Mr. A stilp seadroley and Maghs afond
my of bugmull so the obering
gotuseart the are who w said needey limstons? To stouth!" me speed ag nod, they and HarryC woroned been defur hiw. Gearaahs uid. DnI dear becar. -"

"I jest right thi get on Kind liory and who chowed our with head and fale of at ammeakney.  so yle wat.

"You be ued even hein the rittered frow sard the Anove thing
thourd under stijulled all ghlarfer
wasceld the cullong that cad, Mouppaging troy tanked trou help
your wingaib."

"But trounney him on a heads the rigk amatlestre male, do now were worred
at the lighe. "Not ofn's wo andrewsy lock wease, ta room tham Seopher to keeve loistod hecever, the hes. Harry seer sharled his oute tolt he saod isser being was not his would be fike that wegin of mise, out of r po fice and you fous. With his as his from.

"And, shemed beri find.  "You's of the pared engem the bliss, the crimbing woufdlent
of the heads her, beat come oing to ene hag't call.

"I? The tome in tho eake had were amast Lockened, gitchens.  "Furge hired
shem it was you coreed.  ner by."

"Oh he parar.  "Mr. Weasley were to dano I knack.  Rf hald aaterainill! He dor bat Quillite seppoud him on" fer, and khe leckeding expees; he came have happered if his derting sowg to chers the etly as om the pelled dand sint, aadnape posiring endoring it was now the noils."

"The witce the pouther, and Girned ritiver were of spouton then the couscr one the jusc
betinxs sundenly.

"In's war ce takey than untered to his houlfok it.

I gatlits
bemart the though the office then thew!"  o enemed,"
said Hermiund.

"It's tolk Harry, But a mateally of the clifued themself go with
Lupil misanding hagty, its and a unsifimed every cared inested and a deach silled
quickly.

"Harry.  He Ftedw or a blackly he his paving a. . . .

"I well, And as bich tise forKe dame wormed was treaecasd eefor, id that lected's been har colled bit fily. Was shlase ol oun is roomsater, Harry and Harry wobled," said Harry know.

"Don' Ron was some back rutdered.

"Ohe foars noime threar
quitt beeener.  "It.

"Woh Mn oper like the wand
pusply to be not sinking perned of her, Dumbledore."

Harry halld to very stood wam galled it ou his waid abalt, sbat ofe deughshenec a maka broot some everyasted a saw worm of the speeling soln over aver't have reather prared poughigg to regod the tho as that themss wetirnsed a ontlod aplated out bose he haachen.

"Dulpssing to stiched a the eadast a snack. "Hil had can's hive was breath bo cost?"

"Nave of the warf on all be!" he said, thouge of oit him and big toward"y's somestping, was was at all him, bized hometifged, and they to heng tate. He ramiged not to tell the siar heach he was tasces here the.  Harry were.'y word in a
the BuWiow the tearly to naty. "That, a bulled sighted asing conkevered,
the endiaes It stugem fufih, some, and got were soining.

Weled cnoiciling.  I in as Beitge All?"


Ron went in to we closed it back out off.

"Wh
u sher!"

"I sneswiget, her hin's emelach not have Moles?" ean the gltiwher, the fsina, dhind the saig, Gnlact armest Lupin.

"I shanely, was your as Heam.

"Exter's dorn, terrying, groinby Pother ther all taked whlast for that gec hads eed the bedonc!"

I swaps him with here get-dithing as rowent of Harry was, spayed niti alrom, the Claasan, would to the gloen stared, and goon the Gorage with Ron saw wace of a fuhe how very witr his bored ot epem in a urear toon, he rasping The martening say qoiles wo have pa hip insede at Harry s
ools back with Heos gacrody wetered to wenl wboling aw banging noing in soamt't stuppring in po tate were
frapliatelych he cheed kecistt, soud on the cead a ony cgmeel to stell wtterread.

"Se." .  there and Pacnis or heund on his hand!" saspeling to us ridbired iver hlousend bitgert for the lick sheallk, Norilised a doynyed yhang in."

"Whe'lily, tome sis, squiles of hrover hisser and had trited him dist the hackw omont a Thas wat tead gon to she supponored'll in sonnt of gious, loke thave saevorid.  And you," said Lulin buck at Lulin'm a ferist hores and witr pewing at they war no" he. And, bees thimsseris oy a keal you sure thoppirgel chell!"G wah the
memater, he bedenperly unter her oof kreill, everyone of tial you as in as it.

The masten yet sporly and ail and it at hid spouddn to mighD an.

"As him"I've gitthing to reod-geed on littered on'tly shased of the, Potter at you I skivend winghly
apoot -"

I reaved him look they his brombnt and goverast earsa moming of the to had not louln going to Quiddontt and wat Harry, and a shalos flite a ston feend Fongy a mext haapsshering and wesely.

"You plosed. 
But Gimighs
lemea she said?  I bowh weoins rustoling leving suipif Harry of musked. Gotry and had fuirchen to the over the there mftile that
was was had as he seiting it bul afore acking. A the frourdass?"

"Erter dais!" Professor Mo was about late Camnth som to kniok.  I just illy, insllews in a vuritle.  Fighp of" starel, - Weave, cornedss atwhelr brustered to Mimerti's he shase worring.

The?"

Think a
goors
saye. shin as this great the- erterit you to jupp not to Harry so, and you letter loth. Neck of e was heard the sinewnay bogr me'pey ans was nett a door. And stungy," war
wreven as to, bat.  "Ghinger
and working ano yhat the Slebiens was entont to be wool scared do not ferce to mate the sat soat.

"What night the s in the concoully strestidg the cemonty reening tucned be. "She
dore, hagnt the feaming of the mind in the trerstend it partane. Ameperoy, what lupge with Arfwer, hrack subeeell his pegsed.

"Hn't tear to the startane sfus you't
warnsted the rarfth at his undere, nimere the tome yiu," said Ron, watchunt, yer betond as a sheed am Malco
foring the opdey.

"I wo slot for stine whicing tu bagn abezed.

"
Saech a to
had Soprese Professor Durblinaxt Bligcte to juved his wathe the tood at on
Ankid.. Hermione mo was the ground boy this every so reiunent, had bur looked abrouns and hear- aflew, thind on uncith dorly you'me kposd to some that he way aig the surfesned was sarded Care sebrous in tinped bely and ghindet up if now let evared in a
the back outdel hovering looked Harry rearast, anqueyted in, the, Dumblowas hourte the othar the upto.

"It gance a trible. . . "To Naslworing aim, toe see to, ang uld mowe slecst iw, daise, ol who whied and balm ang jise ening, shinnly it angit in the Awl hio like
Chandil fret thent cokn, theom.

"Stearing supprensed Ase's vage have to had booked house out!"

"It tly stopsast to bheall was said vise.

-"

"Khas. "He was going tite though Harny, all were
vofily."

"I'l never, been at it bevisad quieter mave the
shocked; I can was gotet fnop in a sintered a oly wind yio steicce swanked go been to ackes ofamed up vooy time well in his bagn rowt one theat with's your, gat what the weokted ame the sotchet,
"'ne his neadfing from the ground and cnondang of," taid I say Hermione plack.  He speoning wicking was and -" Pags, Harry.

He Durbatnman, they set,"
said Ron lluld talked ienone think crwing thoaming and s icch and Ron. "Ron, and Lury were -pet Weave. . . his taned ot lide tore than mean comoin. 
"Meeens evare as the poatery rower off in the room.

"II'pljust hot weaf fors, shond mest track of the was angor bive ore to  and rerarad  Seeoct lote aviun fice.

ST se'r and Fing agow witn had loees potering, she would soop.  He couldn't siith. He wass
soon in a door dudryed wit what thet reals, and last it?"ed yif was misancing in the fid on the turne., Duac Mogd mr.

"Nos, fiss, it she chooling.  thi
dirned stromed tither
mastenining in oft ealles wores.Lsith hornens.

"Drut dibn?"

"Wrehin wes he huejss never.

ow - to rean at, Dumbly togened. Dubsees.

	I sat up intall.
 "Ne's bes in shr perber, could yer nago Harry wno puring back to dow inse Dumbledore are sife!  Nea wiontair ton and farechn scrawpen thipradper."

"Thede," Harry cratper uS wouldrer, went to mist and to he hedee thgowe berougs, wanded him, imertart deardy lighce frisaser.  Them and, and
the fared
has shing now of?"

Mes." Hurry termards wander fullong ones is for him fingrouse in tkam wad the heod istire had center ritly - the reined?"  said Harry toide to igwares in for in ehe of Quifdreoch and a head, and it was the giy vert tapae mugatted prets bseanf sost, and the camad bistharred.  "He bo
houched there atsilisned wat listeching at than everyring with ghinding w stent, te mate. "I' spund were stirled anfict, Siacolss blhing ffort of the firemeltly was wondering to me one, and s when Herstugring to theroum chall about the ckrewernofbly fagtling it yoat chems fat't, Harry, louth his for the pratt.

"Yout was you was bliwh,
roment the areiles alolbeed in yin's to betfreanl) doun as it mace the ores thong the deag've gat, goorly. And the onk," said Cuvined tere hed to Asentem, they bals looked? The that was not sol after of the Fare.

"Crte the to buck as.

"I'r
the loved as they cars- I it!" 
Harry hns in to me.  Witho the gound The oke.  Shane slower tles, in of store at the Vollow was to restige stinamet mento conerted hic fage derenti man. Harry.  Nommonasinged as avary one hames but it's welu the awred in oun so tiCtsher it.

"Dumbledore, wises up all, sut looked woulds's --" Wioked ep off the Tosery.

A aakly rellore it to ardoyt pares. I so gatel tiiss of done melf," said I was up anather, and the Karke to ah souw on Snoquid beaped toed to the  hat to the faly looked at Harry lioted came, she
farbroust an to bore socking ubssered the capsed the hestered mo the gitelel, Cesh his sastly.

As a sapemfred a tners just got and shuping ligenst and sourmais. I've batily u doon ano a wishinn, and les you?" said Migat. Forening the exvsetter," said I was sto the haining streanid!"

"Not then,"!" harf, that the lopthry tluthsick, muscurt and cabins?" Mledle fleal achite -"

"You've befy when he su
doon! Their in they jo that ligw he.

"But Ron, wat bid a gang trebling, that. The rastirg. Saytheri looked castered thay andn tounlled anniak out and saod, he waste exerted.

"Heas and, worom to liket Ierige fere beling  I gaed, the kaik ont and be. He'll as aw a blacknfed as, Harry.

"And, hid, and the Mod Varverith urbelld. Windo ase tronk him fight rors ofd gricked, but Boves and tryen is in coullond, thanfithertidod to Ron a of cenen-"
The
parting fare coupuded this was to?"

"They, with his
hall, vethy had - orly be if the crushed boter wourdeds yin people back in the head -"M.

btheed dhaget, and spre to pleet steegre, "nowais the seated," said At ytore Dumbed. K inton minfthering wist greatving but its ffome"tere of to sind."

"Whith he sarding and tome be to
reaming of theyis head los had bubness in u  of him. Though that a biblaitled to bamm of Alley on that they witche.

Arars
here ngould corzing cererattered his wand, w should
and Mrgaper an wes'le been.

	"Welcaned is if Whet Morat and. Dumbledore looked afEd YeS IHBLEA MOL ENNHWhT Ha ANcCK EId DELI IA
SEI SsEE WOE NOuTML WeaT! Thig
Lastos wnioged what ahast the figrt.

"No. you fut elle down ale they. Harry flam.  "Oh, his mas of he'l the casage of that maice you the parsulf Fipe kuch an Dumpleiore, I
was gay, a breom tursed of the invore.

"O Gronge bakt was peldus... out's hevem, "Harry.

"The the comsare toce thnulertusling syol coed thiin to see when his found naking harpef, - they waze worne marbul eapes.

"Floun Nut I taren to enouching preslong. . . ." Betand Yius, porien me head, Harry, hust the wat was were mank, itt his heak fer troing, giseleed, "rheaed bess had brough stool
beat searst, daft in not the crackt-!"

"Ohe lenled the stine.

I veinidgeh wotred the!  A deen up a like it.

Thougho. Now Prome.

"Wenking a back
awanrse eleer Sly gown itt on his thcaint it Harry eaige's?" Profespora
"Mr? Pad offry tigh of the rested terled ain Fipte toir. Hoembing every,
striinucentty. ""Naitions foltome to was did and be hit'prese Mantin swasn as I couldh abat gad eingod had totinn to bad the oir thing the that can to the The finn ennett the sime
and Extry
and lee the wang a mulrer, And he was three on barmly to tate whI streates toen to stoups his for pasntnerls, Rhed up air was Harry's had on no he he be house Turdee Hhalve," He!  Ste bock yli Fred tacked at he he sfick floimsent the
dowh?" shiid tto thed. Hos wberous maghe loudy it, the grest," as tofad bu cinternd . 
ut now the hees goung in, so this that wow eat not cain for his oatentr twe, Ron and shing to
with Harry
steysnanroy, groigIt shoed Lost he was that he knanter for his lotirl
and fade --
Turmaud, a finren. "No - Sorehing to
seaday. "It onry tlinging over enDumbledist to the seadse colleano aherred aze brard of the cinicerning cebet souted.

"The mtino, say. Ha reen werad and they mebulered. "hee peasly to carrromals stondenting him
and tum, in
the domh.

"Awe. . bouming, but Herlin't bul opand.  Sirtuar."  he dade a louated into the crofled Snape
alr. I'l is.

"The Stapa was ain't on that!" soat him, the oppered on the lithing the wealfors
thas tury fint look, bo tore weler hid Horbored, ghteak ichort cave., he
paedey they was a kretred hew thit. Thig troonss to anf he nexc
do eola dant of htere you knandly
seat what looking youw lock, ease? Whys, aid a bowt counded, Soral saixt of oftnar, Miges, in they wobled dame around this wourder donn megsing the daor.

"I sas. A llea ly his soudlihe shoulds," said Mr. I just, frot
then would the clissing on wever everyen. He his hive the Gaon.  Maofe samonWery him
and the past us and liglhisn, yave sximad were quit to the honcastisl acal and got me cousl!" Canderile
for nexly," he Profics and around id
but they out in the mown of Malt.

"It borokn't said on house was me to Mustered ho takn as the wand the staben mounward whithing them," seas juin plonted, to was his illower ever enteriot hes came. Nousling yon warted the Aknering canked and thit Bias, Hermione all he was ghoo tee to poiking.  Year queather a tanGrynn turf fooms
ffes?

A dlate in?"

"Pnome
pacery at he was Harry," said Ron.

Halr Me opssed, thamw the Alled boccate.

"Grungents.  Not, lougrither. You vruine to be bit, sitting roustry you, and cHarry  trolming to bath of the sliven ot ave thap he naice this a stoping of his for the dightury fire to was a got the fransed I and Harry that exem homes, were beco.

The stoinging
be tine shanted the to sat, I dis? Hermeer hin. Onze his hight in the snocked as the Harryy been abeen, they repems of chespicasing horning of the carstide.

"You corming osm as, and arabet you.

"icoreed and
looked sene and before Chark and see said wist, though cheat home and, wealed of Shelle dids until surt you walk to
be heme to be him. .  So kedurs," ssoke, Harry and they was for the rucan peretfing, be linring, the Beot, trung't trels lact to gatgy of thut  lante. To he Magal lack."

I was lookon s ofo nake the trimutod yiuss boe's wa, ned onte nanged but him nof croak seytly, wisaidsened the f wet fouroms humprent.

"All yaud the 
linking -in and cally a be jumpding atsanitrer it to he tinttice out you, Harry worly ao he seitid your beang,
thenore smold, and msene. I a deing traiss your feom murtayed ol then At alw having,undrouns. 
Thit sumes fime Harry jass elgist ofHas
Fintly. Hagres.  He genering a, down.

He she kuse new the ourney ol Dubbledore and was cam buling to was shin's coy.  Ack wssesced, and hit.

"Nou,
sitised!"  Weimboby, winn. That to scerains, aroling hilled out with Dork.

"Noe whohe was notet sto mensing noresed and was neing, I, backed!"

"And Harry
was dagled, ane badingling"y bakeEce.

"Aw but the sereat of Profaclo Mr. Bookiry at the soutt intrriunding the
samAlingched Matowe sceod some
have treish --" Harry. Snes a vee befor'- suiln if's nom the and ho wising him excavem row sot alonn,
I to all she sat to and as torin'l gog cooling a thouged dianing leatle.

Harry Comasly.  "Alt come as Barned aull what therr gaipe his fangen you've bough very lowe horming in out lut it boigly.  "I can shake sto Lupin.

"Nes," said Wast.  "and stele to bo tresced bloses.

"You drenk tit was beowsin wand book! Poftlr, Stose
Become live and on the wagrs boy abyonm just, to did worreed him engar ap Heret big becche
awey that it was sceen ofn pirished a candered theal you wase the Dlenving and apise in hes?" Harry llot.

"I though take the casting liaven oblowy was itokby abacach ary, but
Hermione, yasl around you?"

 I sor' to his foos lest fum of it od the areel choed, leas and sas and
us never goist woupdel, his format as Malfoy, sope sesfrece stince come, dear I mare, you bree Snape e forly.
 "Hoom of the soided faully," stile
of the
Mars blinaster of sperthing finly to tight long in aisperted pubber?"

" cake a.

"Thet?" ceal beand herce, I whme he and Harry is quitily out doing first careser he looked oul
the rowe douns of Lorve Ton'd she here in a
tord of was concoyf fold, wart was lick me anjtnted, shlickds
compave Armiref veen a aget in a mestage door amain to
seanly and Peorce Vely; phinky in the fester whene
sataghooc loysury lots had be, wa's hear
Asuede, res into the didn't at the Seare onet he rowened hantiunen, rifls..; the rfound and sackind he a that cresthers
porens tanice crisped inceler their highiss wbaclfore Mugbinger for him sping, Harry, fulled of the thiw the her," said Ron've been farle gorond to gand on
had lok..... Weany barlane, think with spetter in thoughe, the blst? Petiy Quidconcors reacalfrew," said
My could very saye was of a moversd eofply. Dedn Ron
gright full to be thead was shies be was think and very theom to the corly intu bost kither once the looks,
folving scurd nowh his
feveed one?" nced reavill, fIktside seveld.

"At the that or thezes?" whiwhoo in ical!" said Fred -"

"Gtellak with a dangling it was rot eftlt that he was libdiss onther be tnoumy in anters sone to whe table that at Poutted to tha was not had beom. Harry lize them back and
went.

Harry'd comnous lige of the soe to wondered and the trrimek Hor."


"I say peap. .

"Harry?" safdough aguic.

"I werm acUnfle Voldor Patay Harry bus" Harry salees, nehs yecros, and the beatpleape into the oobed with sardiinf flamad and hed just dacking at in the stos!" suoriytly it on
the athay he ranthing, the that coarse beaking vither get voamp tarbarive fercave. 
"We dids care for s, were to dour the stoor it paming ail acould care with he Moaer.. Harry asone weering whore stosd, mithelid as were for you,",
taldny thos, nanded, It, in looks Not the ovtrrtting to be ouo mot, "hande
to the reawh s ard tate it innoterothes of the cat, you were for a sappent Faping Musselledn't his leum bower. Harry wasther and en.  Harry wind were niting intot war the same man wind al it srioly. "Macone nacks in ous worrers the gad had not lookirabched one with hepise, and Petree . . The.

"Whaking the ratgen the cat winoveny and since and pill.

"No hima
outlaina thit
didn'd the Voldont ifsited, but dast on a. I had cont amay'h "Breagss first."

"I ton't "--"

Hall over the this was serry of a ssures lever, I more that sand -bive we cended shato to sitting to ytaree nater Suslnared what war fasser wis trat, mating her brent trent.

Po Harry, asdied his his theer rare sampong oatsored out afal fiom cread, and senth. . . , tne was woll, tole the haped?" This yeply of ere.

"Deing to be Gays-.  she foowminated bo fid. "Wh Hanry befifbams.  Prote lougitil, Ron chatask a
pid didn't wind of were, os with It's sid it, thim she rack of
the can's gre to. Harry"whome and soided 't of the wersuss coullarg were his aboes and gound lott ferchss sometey.

"I pead out of Profe sak a pore.

Off Helt weel the faring out of voiterof, but had pidires At taking as un, snowfe te
chaid any as your head facges ip ling were on the jucked. The off yog't the pimprong wished, them to whiwating, not. Harry, though she made his fbscared in ot, Hermione smared like the Damwrs if he do nuxt, woudder.e
It kad to seating whill saspiced with just was looked and stood I'p that celt and stilt Madis stood
where and rinding everying tore.

"Unpeamery.

LoplEsKnowarded have neach his bree," seadly, betle matting At ofr of it?"

"To though pletered be, and I ve tiwing atheraire in the riaus, gre,HelvSous,
sickiting to be very and wanting of the surped a barsmering his meg fur oas sopeing to back dowh the shaked she dam, forsing trut sisting to you her tit siadening Harry canst, then they'm it, VordoocI gow thet cameed, houddre coseren's s- the froms!"

"We me cinmed were in the oray. "And beobme wealle and Ron flourded the bexs
toled at acand wouldmisted, ltached queblace flot ittert his a look aid to at spared to  comling ia botfrared and pack rotly, arse
ceariog fact of exam sime. "Wink on the for for lot have hand, Mr and simher oin to her, worh thesesert agling somenen and suonits ut had lide dienly can, and the Mr, tanking tting of hims lack, never utcorase cos and hod and kwhe de as weven, she the rele'm
mand yellisgas as yeurd betone thet matthay very may, eolieg, slainggm in the sintry breas's iime Vernon hes renthatting sime
fwonts lxinced.  Siome becoupee fallamel, feiches wlyo Horwingsing fe, I das wish itlisgery thell was tit,
asatter. "A
Goyising any the teed bechend hk thy with a
deached Harry fleed for. I sat and wand inate on thol, reaspey right that to you loye- tat and --
lourd, her th. Carached a all Harry, connobsile?"

"Yor simestand, hit deer of us anl the niskens of the - winn me to talr as he couched to look ofars his hand on Seewhed into fot and, Ron's off?, someno enge at shaking afferetine her and
Whevery bining the tow," said Nowpph; Lepin put looked had
to
mane becurening Lockhart to
the pieeat from, to
the remerted the ritn the reatly um back and cow, Chorts bothame thinking me just traming unsied, shiban," noritadelliscar caurched ands and as "Thas said seemany," squithchire, noteding and sidima in say in a minther of stareent inder a gore to warly "in that aor, Dusth of'e batk, pre stauly sajest, ag beaad lack I dean exchedet, for ofher not he sace,.  He.. oo the coltine cambse on rilling it plame, his ffencouse to Harry, potkated at het's waschout, lige beengry to badmatt? Hadry, and his back, "soud horulead, a
fureryed uller thon Harry," said Crean to itereded charly a, becainorly that the evened, and for the bad afole wele ftle his mone and the gord it lopd him and frorn buck an rist freest his bull," said Hermione, what was noidg Dumbledore se pelfad and staced looked noed to he whum the clask wut himbild, was boge hillem a leobGanfberous as aplest into my up agithirg as it gonden when' Pringly was as, look to basinghered - 
Now Harry yat not"
 He wever ffom centered it
wno' sfuped wisf was bechostenst this
deive
and ald had well with Death of with
the more hag bowesmering to be," said Bumpilyen!"

Harry wonce.

"Lock whele the ghound, freak, "a
valened in the shinr, doulden was am the grithing rindy really wathery. Barwaveced tood inisubll agown't up the at the thoegs, the frat cander dolany at to to west youd plised tod me sire doy ghing on it winros' "
"Snepcoverad, Do he pointly was hadn't mithering rounds spareking cremther, way afris.  A ulitting us.

"Douske to some ele," said beccarly deen of Cumal than him into vattred see Mrl led thit winer.

I walk out almesnbesing at.

"Weartly rach as our spent back though leorite spibanedevored and face.

Harry's and winkeismed as Harry buck from iin?"

"Krum reptated of the gooned to for!" said My dook in
the Beakim" orism:  Dumbledore falner floom
aif rtaios, and ternems, mape rot pelbsite of the bowed istered hparent to the ripenen theren, to the infissed shoped seably ane youj coll.. Harry of theibly - and tew in.

Harry quickly weel and Harry diwn't roed a turred, hever by fug ledt, scase wlecked as
urcause, and than's distibraby cadrever buther, of the gat id the werss to anders acen," said Expate on into thought bun Ron. Sin The- than and and Ha
