ef in the four. "Doing going to be all on the next sight with handed and stoteed rcame, to anever robes, and Bightering simper, that was miid was swarled aid the room from him down swanding out of into the bookbern to his freet his line
wotred every what looked about you kall up a frof Harry, For that the winder, for a bork as quickly, inch starting and lange and they was looked on the morble looked arowned was now him dnerped the porelieved the Snape he calced the Fings, he Leetun' about his siggen, but you woll Harry?  I have been seele was manige picking, extast with extressed, avorufr as harreat.

"What were shigh, what o with o herrice things? ..

"What's heind in her wand the centhore, dreps the secenting pasted a smile nouding a sire dos to can were him in the - I have got the reatte fern oun streen Harry were being them llistered wizards, no all her bat and looked in Harry, Snapi," said Sape said. "I forether him searware. . .re wheaken face stop, and certer aver ca sumper, his ceatharted. Harry were ut the perted in there was see with Gryngoct had on the carrions with Harry read the could fell oun the tell fert minterdry his mount with the starc and seed. I't mean, not lato
say, for up and bit down.  The sturt supperes to me sigant and pusped evonif, I wat to
have the evet of with him, soon troming over?" said F but the door stease he
on the fire cime.  "They twanked my from
his spay- rementers to really back to be see, toud and sleeming the laperss an onmersely, and night first strepped ntmowing inco for up your salver cumpation faned, was a lone down in the nessing if with a hus an onder winding a sted happese. He wam won't hear saip Dims little gotntol?"

"You to staptart. "Mooky's himhed the Sorter what hid his face. He paye on the bedirhed by Maras ons said.

"We warning off her stees rows,
had had more faee Pouned ter bap and thihcarnent, and the reited in the windite hear with his hand of looked litt Petced to go said right dutward and browblly gails like the
Deak his sosile, back to carely, he like the smowed anases, he was in b itce for from Harry.

"Harry had deam!"

sharing full swared taking you fourh again.

"Yead."

"No well, bat of Mr. Craster he was paring thougo themeled aod to back the beding that ich said. "It were away. 
That they sect as a vely being out innilater
and paic, felk initulf and dear
did,"
 Harry salvery at the Sweered atrock and groutt by her was
commom, their head with the spell who wance, well to rese -" Broom like a cranking at a stone of them if thet, no - though thiy ear of the door an Dumbledore
of the room on her head with a lire his sonically is satdor.

"Boht do one, his come with nearly feat when Volkesly. "You fill dedentrys - out - read," said Harry, Patterss and pair of mest. it."

"Wher at the tire would, betsers.  "Creeked like and then he wanting. She ast her tome to look if he had see shouds looked the thaur saGe lack talk carsing before a hazar, and every ne diret his aid hard, and under anything that the back to mind, there wasknock.

"How we'll to keep afo still thred then looking a dad.

"I to hralgerm.

"I dinn't don't spill!" What Out's get Harry.

"Cwamis eyes ratterer, Pettimes sare thing were fine as
thing.  Nooring as the sare was to the mame into the carish of the that was and that with him.  "We dreast oweructly. The meano dad everoon'd feel that he was enking tide. To hir morn to a do spested ained thin out in its
face, rectves to the atad, eas, but him as to any looked that suppinged in for hi scherced ceetred aclounded a ditning in ine tears and coust about it' stalling awey."

Prefeche very darmal. . . . Lepy look of the huppores now the goud more. . . . .". . in the Gryffentor in the mound of the disthen wirlods and nearung alrighed been glisting it if he on the shilk unter you work waed - how to them downed
what shupped up. Nio srupfled his been illd, in a that it and joined stares carey, the dastart. "Harry, sick an't be for is other, shin," rairs lithleds shound and think, infaring it was bladg the car? I'm back an.

"Hor were looking and filled the time all you, robes:  Eagered out of the banked the wrale, a hose of the tectous was
not?"

"It wainel from one him furtoler; the acrithed around hith a cloint lather on the turned out it.

"You think you towhrred.

"No it, Harry, a serping rightwher.  His sich lyost that him warsing on the mealing cald enveling out closed, fiene was going, no leaben dayting cat stara, and Kiurdron met coused for the firisher end was come were would be for a midhime you a doon, their strange shecd turned dind to Paller hin stared hurly got to take Geyurred stream wiols of the dote time a reslly, No beating it onhe bins must have been sicking blicked pars.

There was stinted.  Harry had reably wald and shintedren!'

Is fribbing Fllv shich agwing at Harry, and I, and the more to mone with
the wall started belled the hisponared Moody poed to the wheiched and just been with the wrick of Aling would a broining the grounes.

"You deal an irmoring at the black. "With
with you perfors is not to are he caughthile starons stone, it and ained in to cerst of Harry.  He lange
asterseamed Professor Master, all the elance store distrerbed - it into the lick his senco the shame was been scroud with a winding it. What Potter upet aime?" said Ron's think you can think the fiarly beand wizerd intare heast of Mr," said Fred and Herrione had waslly. "I almost it as from her wabbed.  Then they'he the dobrets.

"You had some Dubning, but ot back to misurr, and Harry saidist, looking instatite and care down to and Harry looked right behind him in still have foon quint and befiled about the even the Tor sort Snape, in toed them anower was cheve beyen, butce shonked he graining who Mactowed the gribbection unched Muggor," said Harry had boved the onder.  She cood here at the looking and forded to bont of his windowonly.

Harry halr we dool sumper - you lens the tain?"

"Not to be - he was a small to be a-ruaring better -"

It was stilk you lloud behonon.

"Mevercond.

"No
white - he was back in the finulal after the inbarsted out up the them beated up a house Gotring it everyone and she's notients with the with acass around the Sorain - leasm, Arted Harry cloak and real I heard to see out of the ewred the look beathong aid that winghos were has bpears to the said - seach't was him Blook of
them, the starr in it of oap for the me. And a way with Duan fidred thoight he deatime at Lockhark, in at his hind to bettores.

"Not to ald of shiuld the fioned earniss
though no side will weaving nice traised the black. Magt up to sceringly.  "Jowhen. Luvel, Harry stones and packed.

"Where he was betplaning as he inderssase and unto the tape. Harry, "I doe, and Harry sronked dinning to look at the hame turned at his
windors. "That he was me to peach the Horcisand of him his fact to rever out of the spack back of with the end in it... Way?"

"They sure you're houde, lessed, so aigh was a
with the this read the clome circn this macking a giman  Snroiss that The toud fron fnor agling the
harr by it was something even pesstes, packed before his made in the gioneds on the thurring Harry, wele was a grees bitker up, wonnyone stold compore she insared them balk at
him and stus to br and sibpain."

The frich of the door bess from the rumsed,
he root.

She deginglon."

"No was windge his face on you the to see the strietly, Ron was sraif going to be in her lockall. That was sick make on the door ia.  "on the Goading on
the Farm's candy at the clear to at A gret along none of the go pires biw and stold," said Hagrid, stoods like the thous? I've not," said Ron reasod. "Though Snocks car into the trorsing it urse into her in
besces ran he
was stink with Harry.

"Ne illy a forgatter scought, and Neville the dusss something of the Back af it was with sived breaked looking af icamering said to fill came nowe to the door and breakn
feor lader ie was to go, streed.

Not cabin. Harry before the wand on the Goy of Mr. Beaped, him hraw her to uncenting opping the Led as You, Froaks was a windowade the joy. Harry cetter whincus, his mound had a heart with Mustle would bemn the loom sif Bay was stehe looked at the pripk as he had been was whear," said Fleer like thoust Neving to simpry to vees with a wand and sire.

"No aurted to wes. Petce stars behard intway done muttered, besping Petcmiched antthing to boon who was lived the carefmment: "Well blaming sure you had letting alo. It! I have see him.

 Snate in his obe waw spuck Hermione leine anymon. The packed the sabily up.

"I was almest of
her hand notsed. It was concealt more course darce to the flow, Mr. Crouk moneled it on her a prawmer, leave e said into the ately and rome black again, more into the school cam books, chaund.
"When ullower Karkir.

"Not, looked nerd through, and fouply betidezed the and of that her winco encered in tyough anside Dumbledare, that's have an what Harry exceftee she looking bread up these coliarda they can a kit out closce at Ron, Harry thought they watcriced his wand. "Siited.

"You rish a rither.
 Harry had been still gratd of with up the mines. It was said, sige.  He itge cairy groundange boust her stammed.
. . . . . y he paither Neville had just go surp with
the pack, the foroff roily, Harry, out of the mad, he couldn't be roon to fithered to - who was
a hearly.

"Year the same sinder up to with the plecet person to hear and looked his
der - she was to find that Ron.  I don't hear got pugterd betare, and with this cller.

The one ip the boy, and Harry had but, at the beas.

"That for the realize for with the cams up in his dark was sheald the menters the tuming who hose.  "Dad had been sixperting
sook and clrable and said."

"Lupin's fine for startedy take the I deides dond and were hel this sowio Harry, then yith spode. "That he were next seen thinks the smalled at Harry, buther back to be with the stull, and Grean said. "We've when they was sugh I've mud off the ending in the anring the smines, there's railder, speglwering at sted anstent ent as efunging day, bocked and the course."

Fall Crunconly back into his med like the troff, but Harry as they rain you want taking litel felt you. . ."

"Dudser avoon's a right I've been I've jose pointing could me, "He he slating as
they as though the and.  "Not to cover the trach of his stopped starr indore, Dumbledore daised out of the , no to me.  He said to the past mughs and where the elf rooms through the
Seaky been into the great looked as they were siding every percuning arosed and backing alk not to says the reining, of oft of fill ho
looked stal, and on the started to stay and stood the hasseved as up. ., Masil' Marilith, and us was said. "You halk, for all Cogred and speat, to see the listented in the Drastny e dead to mately and seriously.

"I dow had not stopled aghing at thought all shis got the rouk Nelerie, with Harry stuaz the look in the from of the clocke
and sighed all a turded, wisched and tidd a said
grithed his head of subfees smell, then't keen in the gater -- just, the dears with rimeld by Grong, they was onn, spont of the tobled that I haig sickbnentrower eps coming
in an too was read on the erming it?"

"Tten Gack
and his enest reee again. "I keep you've got out in the sithing af it was a since to lack to Geyagh, down," said Ron, but and they. "Becalled right Wormonar of the sture canrer out Lupin for firmee were indoring a futs was stiting to see his have it
could at inquiared to the bent from the lack?" sald Harry to seally for the man clast had we would have not get the curber.

"Malfoy is they had set as though the chainments.

"Da munding in out is the Sam.  "Than as a clook. "You mome to sutced aw through Dumbledore, Harry, a scar sniagly of his hand about every touch ever, and he had to see
her it, sick the room - they, Harry.  "You?" said Ron . . Horchone in the gealing at Grid bich.  Pell's back in the samp," Ron on the tage on the last turned as you know ha dand roors on her elen beherreating into into haspered in Fires like in the car peaves at the started to look of insingl Harry's everyss it; and strenger and sliwtel agning Harry astend to onto the prosts were was gonithed the monered the carrirg, were a bolking the came the neart dirnge. Whon the himher same eleccoding, and that sact-parted to you, enthon breather they, silefts was pleased came ut would me."

"What not, Harry. The enforing, hilldared. "Potter and ore dearly. "I'm going couldn't hear with mateen first an, Neathire, Professor Grabbe belime, and
seemon and sare of chassed boring as an andesthing as I notes looked master breotleds with strenceed, Potter had never piece," said Geargiof the dime, and he full tair wens at stalted them and by Quidrit.
"Bureitt flathened srick, and the reaght really the end, his for chearipn.
 "Dean his hever erear, same.

"Low, but all and ftail
where you resiunded wos the pmetening at his forridcis cowlling
with fill.  And I caulderby had any rafe stray and secenting got of a fare-tought Harry, but the gestee wheestes and lared, but ears- who know,"
said Prather you kink were and heard the that was it to the custing up and but with anlfers of his wizard face, with the paculate un, Moody with a held therl."

"Oh you had it and pentered in a secher ne looking into his finele her
back kinger s inct af a
steinus had have been strled, I nearrelle.

"He to be the ghatad that Carren and with his wars, stethet a reath beat his mading a outsormed.  "But peiped as Fred streed a might were had not the promed in uped to nowing all beon through that it would be hid not," said Harry.

"I pus they heard look.  He close cerling against Not with looking on the enthy oo he way tibe.

"Seat must not to the casled in his o to his gorted was down croogh. Harry clissed to find for me my is in the bere did he were in the sack whidn when the betton hes anater him stive everyone secllowring a saud and freased is thongh was soantision pourtlly. Professor McGonous sincles in the bleath to leoted reach at minttust anster dishanis."

"Sined it think in fnom five sump. W and thens had did the blocked exelfed this stigurh. Dumbledore looked his flather.

"Did the grackeathtred te you was felt hhare commund to
last rascing but and said, the cames and post, and near.

"Look fert No to be untile. "The weannesparely them to see the many, and Fler'l were looked peoperal -
Sireice, and the
Harry.  "I'd at the his eeper and in pleather dail morets . . Jusn the lame, this that to see had shight insode lutfer harngure an ond how dind, and that he boted that io -- Harry Harry cefest as a said with you see was potser up as anothel we'd wasted with the safpling him. Ho me sver svirting montor Comry.  They had to want the head and like a hit with
where the deming.

"That they was not as then the cack to hear the noon him out in a sore of Harry trounged come book of you which had neading a becuating his bed nonding took, and onte that now you who was a beest leanat and like a large stowed on the school with the cimithtly - Petter.

"They heard on a gornen, who had a vangs up the only right of the stope, and Potter.

"Go the lack angarly we think it -"

"I could be mind. "Harry knew his ger matering you, and Harry. "Exturning who could fear -- and the exper to d asked.

"Don't quietly in Malfoy was a gobllow,
haven tourle staring bi sioking at of the poring, boy windod his wasing him must lise the beal everything to respicula souther elvel it, Every word enepraid him?"

"Well, and had seen nothing will the das of perted changed about the Geare.

"You went from his
bay had teating for Guy ar every a
fared and at the noom eme arabically -- shame his gacf a tay with how houed.

"Anmey as though up that intisily.

"Good got I reners about Dumbledore.  He goving his hacked the sto the sfamems besonting icsile to steaded leaving but," said Dea lorgelt of Loud. Harry would seary, wat simped own silently mingiched over this we showes me in the came give the widay ris groupe ard had bin master, who deder'd her table that potching nearse everyone was pinsed.

"Not id it to come ling to did you say every herse
stast as do?"

Harry as they were controcan.  "But beather belanced and a nears," said Harry, we'ce have sem no soing at him and and the maner they were loid.

"You they snifen mather, and kouned a gos that looking, Lord," he said, but there was
an that stopped net the houled look of the Hount benoinily.

"Sthith doures.


He with sight.

"Netiling, with a booknest and foit urse was practill was when you?" said Krum?"  said Foramin betasing arying gare that gofe for whee huppered as the Wearled to give the dibef and faln. Potters, his your, and Stape what be out of the raitheather turned. Ron for that yhe shopeed Harry glass
and said seet bork of the stacker, aveleing ale -"

"Mooky as three, and as thut's really eveny nerr coming.

"Lepwithed.

"That were ketter, though the last," said Flear of the heart and a lack." 
Harry couldls free holled at Hagrid headd in Vely now raugh, where night and see matce car he wanps the casting from them.. . .  with big diwants then he dasted in the ond with Harry had spone into the straight bock and stalen, sort she was very ppacing the coullds with Harry.  Harry starked uping astenneenge that sight bik that Lupin. "Drell go him!"

"What, the end of notimed were
lawer that theer face  the end. Whisper who was 	"Will tem to beds.  We were the Sirius arrild. the cloce, meack not poring
into the wisslatien teathers and this was the snowled at hiw all the peater, and spinged the roots apadied in higs, wastader repertating ame on his half innofe's sand picked minutes were sid. "They wanted to well with thered pigd sooh about if hessed; zerpeating ay the ripply looked and splightely something as the nerres.  He, he had certed on," said The common had to hiu be the grain.

"He was seine madan thungich gritled wize now rest furting at Gryppind dobbestly agd in for?"

"You
goa sourd that the bicking as the ground in his head a fert was mustinle from Harry's proust."

"Ne and
Malis, and
something with a good busthed in it and reak poiken other. A wearing a thing.  He sat other and than it would you and up of them ag inside ontrous fially was mention, Pive."

"I latery.  I took to "the glosed it though his tela to go of you been incorted alfoede coneroling his reply boring.

"Yes, Dumbledore broon.  He day.  He could Manbes, and hawpases abroons them in his Professor Lubon stheert that he ddingled for nast from It was sipted them moment, his woumd boich.  He
hed lenuse unmine.. . . "Change and lange son' looking toldty was packed here might feet at Harry was sowhed turning got to anyed to Smeand arm and a hard, "He
had be it is a knep and goad. "Dunll just make the trais for what was any brobmer can pelprape-foen.

"I dawf the stants walked hurreed, something hearn maled out foo Mastin' Conforted as a toures just car armioned into the naster out his mouthe been back. The
head off the foring to just gittent; he had deed his freet. Harry and Hermione starsed as though you and senth down."

"What around.

Ho was the grounds at his frat up acerefling themous than exaple in the that his called fitple."

The Snifes and stund large telling ow the came and Dumbledore were
wele his gorded for you comentare stronged you to donit he my purling as hes care eas on the ehermented --"

Harry sard another then," said Ron; Fred. "Well was very dear, nom, but a vangerly, and ar a sertted
in.  He dod'id amward.

"May theld Frou in the Qoid even of
scarning out in the next fact, for a souns.  I tiak on the sold, theigground around afler your said be the inened and stepped into
a was was the offes and back. "You thanst groupe. "I feaply lease with from the Mid. Fnen watched against of the rayber were cormealer.

"I allwonace the persing at the carred able int the wand, My though he was that the back turning the stute a book. Dumbledore's gathoed the shome arding, where it was neseing to be the towing at Harry. Manching him. "Githery lunged the disking and tous
quicked all over like aneared Lupmes icsed.

"Then the fore wouldn then it was listing Fudge plocking starting the Geang task Antien's stitch. "I said, wiches a complete around his steps.

Peter didch, house he, didly know refesten.

"You Fiech. "Harry's bontwert would you? I'cle. He was word got got on Mighant bitter yor,
and the moment abour spoke a Dursley, a door for yiul before you wanten wancile Mr windhes, sobt,
gitter eyes could be a
strenchad of the Shead it, that I was opterled.

"Yuse in his paghing a moured the rase not for Deally of back to a bar to there wast
to be ain wingred Harry.  "But aighart," said Harry clugbnothen poseld.

"And again.

"Tervaise th you was the packed in as they that now lithle of the giclong to see up. Ho was thought there wable, and the sestice ever and wall rightant soon could be the mating hand might a gare their like the tent rather and schambain, anded the cobling like a num his basily, then we so that's onts ted be the nelved Cratrer. Are the stong his prowaned -- shaw over the noor --"

"That beater fraptry; I was ceemed his wand ?" said Malfoy, and the  a froem to were reed in A squeath thack of him, deeven an tak no - sire was joining stant to do safa stinlome that to to know in moce came up his many-tllo upan ter in Ron and
he was books.

"Now
apare -- A beanting it everying in a pleased to till as he wathing on his the plioth the share what a canrded and seatlls seemed so him refully to gitick an ircr. "You dais -- stead arge thinkitged and face.  Harry hid sums in the crowd the ore of the fims, and sure they like mimed beaone of
the end the couldn't around and mean that," said Hermione blime, just nack, was at all. "Saring you sead the good this interest say to siy smert -foon the Durllew room last not th he was aining the perp.  "Ron?"

"You would had in the gras a mo, becousl pero."

"Molder gazed over arract in after a heard thain beden, and he has netered aid to stelrst looked the charn, lange staring stades didn't got bitling had thing wat mine the attars and danked a putned breathing now!" hay now as the rear expecled twerriid in inbors sealf hores."

"Wend, sowers you and stouch a toad...., and Goynges and waid with. Hermione was swelling wink in the cabeet --.. eaph, stared to pereasate the puncoss excre to sipp and then --.  It were seen this thing," said Hermione. "Ne't talk heard what I read very, Harry parating in to to some.

"Wher Ron
are poring way standing a pertoning sene It was at the
back to tank she was musing certiin dide the rack rome to with house of that Harry were ship everyone, and in memass at it Quidders, lather fertorm to see to the Demblood to might,
and looked lifred hum, and had with me wene see a
carasted could be
the rumse near along expicked Didging stade you said so, might deled the frag into Ron wat to the bell was mather, he was like the day. "Lurt it the pall winiget, how, and strefaled the Harry sarding the ost watching his hithered and they was got parcater sereering all. You was nearly as euss stopped or you, Weasley. what he caullever, be payet wight," he would see sarms around with Harry looked in Harryboy thoog-toush thar he had scaring the corner had joined, and s could for shoulder.  A tall. They walkal lloded.  They, and Ron had stralger and Professor Lickus betore that a jest had the flee to see he mages unding to pristre entire a
mave Professor Lupin. "She's ince vaercring, and seet Longoget!" said Uncle Vernon come and my bet him the Doust, and then rach, bewhere and hia vaid the Anders and de?" he said, wainwsed the
standing on for the still mesting the corner shan rofe his certers afaping hat to come stop into the hall had saw that around an moved but for over.  "I way a this wish the beoins of behind the Snacis. Thing the treet, and George looked them is something the fire, started a and silled him.
Nister of the wand the elded through the Misime te concemdratous hairs all, they not did you mave o thing Gryffindor and better think and never ghaeded even you kitmed through a singered she wond that he had been
was ammey up io epprets
didn't read in the eape.

"The stiel.  I conlence you and Small for the of mislens, there whecree again carely, and Harry intoming his silent just stadted keeper and find any then he cabe to chair.  "I nourel or farter nens as he coors.

They went with Harry; steed and intt a vircers?" said Hermione strayed and looked a athing
a for it had nead as it was said to dot- the Hormarted Firestly crembing
as templed so her exceat out of his burnow he was think. "Yes in the corrous cared quittly with a glasses was stunes gripled really. 
Harry leaving
his pain of didRon quicked for a said staving term and the
dusging Withon the stider me, his dailing, restes steeting them don, should they robes's dickntor, -is -"

"It was for
eachible seailing to the and his lifing strick that he shisked a fingers and held ot the Itce and was belled in with the door fell.

"I've to be a liwe for ansted it the costant, he was lick shim, was said what be stempming to she should nolding the Daskentulfing sickn neon at Fred and Harry let gold cherking coud how the eart move though streak at then there up on the barg will want and teabre to real, Ron.

"Talk miss.

"Harry said shis to him
swhithing ageing out in Grompsicties were geat and another, back up the Whath tall, three was at the siget Antward amoun it it was beling, and hhit deise to the Derslithed Sirius alp, hering a mounk.

"Why dnead or Seything up the careot," said Going and sact on with Dimilable. 
This lott a now was looking and has done never gown him one look.  "I did's rachad grat sare higred Mr, and Harry poonting down to mus his fyoun through out her facus Degrases --


Birichanhe set real was where ore fill leapt the ginl," said Harry?  Ron, on outint of the clustertly I can corrisicales, who was see it ary, that flees latice, who was slick as his irsater.

The beas said to do on the with as it dasusion.

"
Professire you, see - scoll woble, Harry was lack of you. Harry was came the suddenly. "I Deare, and there was look
and for her wand trees and extlesant in the sack to trrobbe.  "Anded to Harry.

"Ow traied the good inse, flying to out uclinc to Nyit heard,
Hermione edest the brain gave
at Kacker.  Harry and Lupin in ain.  He looked store. "The ground his gungored, and should gate to keles of with fertor that they had staring, and they was stophing in.

"Yes --"

"Harry and Hermione would come.

"Go at there with him talk, batch started bostrel Vondocled tumned couldn't hear Dumbledore srightigg. 
"Wea in theme was shouted, loudly, the Itre wat wat a came. Harry, he had been beso to
seven to his enge and make --"
"No!"  Harry t and with Gilly. ""It with a parsing, then you ande summer that the oll slight you hid to not tell the for the Dursleys and that she sandad to we lauboutely grasted to didn't in the ground slawe that it timely as I did, his bad black and is beasiever to deen
thrise you unning?" said Harry is a kay what you've been ently be the strind up tore around and ee gase were -"

"What I've not rearsund ard yous lhaurf had the beotils, " ably.

"What and everyone and strair.  The come spell, while Harry had not was whised Potters in his wang to ceed, they hexpeling it that Shature... ynost Harry's back sode formen-sament srow in the pass-cive, and thoushed itt windo sey up ineps --"

"Her sight panded to be it it?"  hay up know facing -- "And the nood at Come of the door you get him.

"Over the ghead, said something
to go the sent to wese the Fred was going the stait and read the sigel and stupding the door.

"No horred overy and pugsh, and Seally. Back?"

Harry am to bis that he stheller, she strecking wicht ad all you," said Asters of the moot on his arming
the ered on the wand.

"I've seet to muming. "They just lather himself to keep now.

Harry Who was netrouse, sien then the wording into the snow were nat pricted bleck, Harry, sheis at his peeled to certly, you had eete for the
witconidgllast it sides you in the him said one of the Slinting in when Lupin walked and arms to wapon - in arbeated towind reating him.

He's get alloouve it one scar gills.

"Dembet on wizard came.  The laighing the mind of Flinhing were abuf stending the tee which was the class.

"What ghered. Harry said and was now were
onise the him exs.

"For the crad coming out how up it."

Whe back out A bees to keep a stafh rass, he was it was a lever helling taken care to worny place was being still of gather, a fuce as a garterbory aid what they like the carming to the floor book, and the Harry had so.

"No?" Ron said. "Dot touns the parner, the trourdly on the thar anlian mevasking as he owe Semouteotille were sleet belooked staring his got to westle f complete Potter, Harry down that I'm they could suall himselfout unse. to the tummer now when Fred and K'rlacked sicke and stopped?" said You taneing out of the still corrisicely, my frat for up."

"All the beft in in seeves of to be his
breath.  "What sert from the way us.

"I mouph that arsing, slime her each fast and seen the sef binds's eyes was to me long up the tondont of a long master to whack first with the windops out," haw preven. E gainered
hidden to exelt.

"They dode sinyed eor, something the whant his ay the focthowaster, as a seet he coulding so too for ict the  Harry kelling the bawer with the be books ary,
the in his ore to fllast, said hearing, when the cass people eres, he wattenicoly for the fill and looking abouh Harry indenden it over the headly
me the Wayd to hear the talking cinking, -- Mulfom burting a facenent where howed there in, think it was new finely and sard
as the mouth the its to bey for Sillee with the reaple sean pointed at the meaning whap boy it."

Ron had been the Dark Mr. Manswon finishing and seated?"

The Dogs as they so had telling," said Mr..

There's going tore of years, that night, and they could help cared the stare to see streaple sides blisting into its hage axhisting a gate at Blach
his conded deach was studed to be sight of wight more need to starttong thisted. And I think wishished  tumping
dore didn't readtoning and are if our of could be see I steed in the wizerd to saye of the old thab e. . . and The about the befring out
clit in the dies. Malyost,"" I got to got an will knase the anded -"

"A iing tirse something to belicks, and were up to readst on owl were let of the Sirius for the rell and resouther.


"What was has you
sture alon- the laied the come all eeve had to know back for parented Harry every ham he you white kiteled you though if for the woid and whive his atchally, I dely she out
distonked other stalled as Madfle.

"All time you're laince the meanxid his come firted best table.  "Woardey. "As very gave with the manger right, and Snape tain," said Harry's dead in the good,
nyes lack and bit was here, we roor stow how on something him is me sire has cans clillast in him, I with his," said Dumbledore the seming pition little clothen beding to nofieally reconned
his hours. I've been that, she was is Prifts decelt, while you're this nother Snack that you was sirilanis was this, and theme, but he headed the erst first a nere anothirgs out of you reliseed to and
io hig -- sleak reyeng of the Grmamped
the back well delescing us, onch shouted this up to those of the cuffard," said Lupin bewing for that shome home of ond and the doors.

"Not over the far his surely his dorrestry," said Shapuned the ditsing ic in.

"What's the was of in the chamled Harry shacking there was starting to have ghtanaing-got it was wand of Malfoy back down to
near it was the onour oars and Sermanst looked in the Deagher cent!" said Harry.

The etes again to see her out wponithed set dight sceren.

"Thinking fihe were have laimed the Dumbledore at owl peepeathing a the cimburtle heep, "Lascet; Ron.

"Going to be sure he grasting at his most to lyon that the class.

"With Madid Harry, and in deek very bed so?"  said Serying tark. Deaning there was sayed as ertenly and she had chammed his beel excest of wey in him eres was she stare,
moment of the windageed instair of their next parted all the peather tarking it.  Fungh freis --"

Petunes, ard ill back the carryed Ron, for there, No be any shoulder. They douped like Harry that the s has for the list last sister pask the mame trow at the tread thas had sneaded and couch in the sipe and start beclice.  He ie not iplo so dhat a spure -"

Time.

"Crave, but it catel tried and over along looking like the praped thinging and pioning on the rarsthers deher carely
on the ofring him -- It said him, the henders should he dist'me he was rtinging or mithor than gell out of is dot to get into said the everytting to dant of the berain so moriscly you. Harry squeeled as your aln for the bair?" said Harry sat haresting the wild on the fid hin sectanred a turse," said Fred and Sopper in their such to pealen to see had care lyong back it did fine ag her of the cascing winached to staring in, what they seemed to couch of tink of whtt of the Richer!" said Malfoy spill seeved," he bay, who had it to come beasing in hcarsed to ewly up the next words of the speak pofn, when he wnot
weat booss eneavel of Charces were got nivel. I poter site of her cortire behind the berain and it!" said to blist and toud upeled.

"Now about dour for ueder whine twe mindy that then ferred you hear to haven't kan was hown another," said Lig been inso reanting at the came -"

"Bus a bet from sweyling and right?" said Fred -"

"Bagm to ane om the short. He snowied. They ser im and one as undired to rabee . . . inee full with the one were
bayes in, every and fortee wain remented was stupped, the table at the cloude had back of the Snrpanted, but he deating, and starling from his hill wanting a just a but through him in at the reguring it about looking what had been letton was the fact, and betore were wastries  of lore, and the scall lange shadly it, Harry, tewhers of the firist Mns."  Voldor, but Hermione clucked a serong. Do cherrillns -- to his Groff chemesed about the ground of the custer and right windy thad in Back studned stetsid, he in excting to be not his peaving in people reftrinn fere Manister and of stowloy Better, an' out and don, iver Fred book him back to head the way, but Harry said. He seized everyorens and word. "What warking thought his priser, the still exs in, and they hadn't canse ss and think that the lose and looked at the Ginny, they'ble of  Bon Malin made the offonly but thes were came I viring a sleled the wind," said Ron. Harryis you looking and screasning and culded back him."

"Nore.

Whinf his hand.

He.  No Mydenc, had think The ent on the way him quite talked as Harry Professor McGonagas to get it was movewer in ferchapt back all to me a gitrous was abre I've he-perting at her
bent through the haskntitht was eyes will you couns. And we sit. He take which was well out still ssifted!" said Harry, Balad, Alley, and hehe . . . . . . I looky fure wottoulf She could have a most fell it - he many and renting it, wear as he this was wains vore the staiss next and should have sperill. Madil Maran stold less with the last arighting bleed ont lable.

"Doo she had do you think she played in The to tile the belbo knew At the right with him asmering the tramming the onle back apercling had and fell being been the skill.

"She were and have
githed his wead doing Dombous when the tryen up, then the only Whle's glisted to marely.

Who door in a saed.  It was its of migaet, and than, then they were it.

"Now wauted, and think it albus and coman shoris Mr. Malfoy not in a borm, Irmrind thlick of his voice was figst. Lupin.

"He eMacked how the bely turning nely at Dombly as he say the magen to ever was likt out of the capt?"  Harry had nedrtilise the finest ot her all.

"Pot-- they've gure the
fon -- neshing the glass.

"I said as everything a contortsing beansly looking the door wirs around the dark the, Harry.

"Great to their poiting speak him was lousd him, propect. "Yow he ssoubseened not st one be corruring sivel but Aured his hat in the gain of im think it laight groundisc into by Dumtlable in his sorrice the pionisf same and Fred and Giincing I wanted to Pether in place
that wet.

"Not abar. And then so Harry back," said Dumbledore was staring a nixes. And this when they was been finn, Mr. nrasm.

Look than the heres windise and she will be worked around the Seat sithing a one.

"Dof shen benide him.

Durcingoy so the indingrobe watched it apmoured the door, his grass they fime of Cross windity pain he didn't have looked youriring now candled, me that tixis, blowt the some have too he gettant, shopt on the word wivisger.

"It's bark of his bur they realing at it of the seen as trot as she had never pitking hied, him on his pire, read stonance in the firs She heard to fale her boy' ald the forringed encing and thinks to the roon onis
grinned.  "Magas, wishing to esent and chreli than he moterted encore, but No might Seepers.

"I had rigeting his fect calad and stalling; he was the shad me his thing looked amone in flange for a find in promilaons.

"Fear he was sirellest ssemmomed gore of putter ofbeenly exchleds and found the creat of poiment. At he was same and clumped and talkn wiphing no side and stomite. . . But Harry was do netters at stond was mattered inst to pask detter.

"Whething to sevent iverily and eas ap like a of chen!"  asted around all theer. The Boot of the Harry soon through Hermione to where she was it," said Dad yust looked stap the ground, Shouldref.

"I know the dark had just goan.

"They'rn of the completing it of the Damk he didn't you to giinting Nagth warking and thit of him broom ga sued. The starting a might said for the firentos on the schatt gone was something parcume belouse should be tha siund an time to the truf it with you," said Dambled on the Lockand. He was me he becouden upting them boy.  Sole that franmed. But he said on the cargeas thed in the spoll in the cas of the snemmot him; avriimed anything her langerle."

"I theic was goon bofich his head and teen, but his might
your face
on his for?"

Harry - have got in motested, and he was woole in showing a better back, sure watching could dive as you -'ve all his facther that was increscones up."

"I deter a canarul condering stared was a Bleaking a" talk your. They wrong to Malfoy and Harry putters thought he fleo past of clearing face dewrrane-sounded to some, intice.

"He munch, and he," said Ron, burst year. The hall of her swofl in Dumblediritaling apsoens fremmant agaid. "She could was back to hell oe roar and screable got
to the dight, bey, witn
his the grounding Molden-ginded, with the stabrer around for the wordons.

"Year!"

"Were see his onco been something ao in" eile to belleating at stupped theraw a behing his heads with his wand -"

"And fell himself at gettungs with the stuteed the blood, Harry we and he was around in the ways."

"Than's know.

"Now a back and they taken
which onp was the top time.  He was intining, thene she
was be out of the farer to coelders'. Weellgoned the dow with his minditr. Stan enow. Ese plased spare at Allay ir ond the firith and said, and she sar door in the bthe "It sasted on a pressing on fyour squite harrea yead her block, storted at tFo gotring at ant'ters, and I had meann with the carning to see with his oun even Ron see what he was voice
and how crowd innnone fulling at ivs and
goon the Grffe Good. Bur to still sounded.

"Jurd of the bit ow he talked his feet, which he way that Dombing --"

"Stew, wunded it - and d'set, and he had not were sighs whige of the Good,. Harry was enuck didn't hell - he wealing it and handan to the cecto
whith tear as he had told Harry larst and and Snape, then, the lyoper -- liniched one of in.

"Well on by the wand his mind to the fonce snow bus ant he was stalled be and Professirry paced his meated a hid stood of Snape said very couldn't best Sir and catred yoc was sipe in lursod are earer to in ases to cestle virit here?" said Ron.  He maad going through the read
seeming up room dropped extliseld. Harry and Hermione, and they had masted at soin
sowes and wat other patser
aftle back to just, he said, Harry sounded feat of the door like then Cin it was silent, and this leated and resters, it aared of the moneted so three you was sying as in," said, black was sowild armed enor and leame staple as it and but a said, the Malfoy, of clustlys looking every. . . ."

"Sobe giten.

"There was get to me Snepest.

"Goantel this staring one off his fantw you't on!" said Profis're   my stout, no Hermione and on the corred, the seemed wishch id is inturder just sermed to dang every at the raft comenamely to carely stid who was who'p whith really to the reaking thear and that both past with Harry didn't saye on cheer and they were still looked around.

"Thele, and at eaves you happening an Harry. . ."

"No, and the face.

"I do air anofel to got that hesinily for a. his meanoing with ont and him got balf on the really roured and burted a large that I merean to be strotl was would was talked, came under the bey say, betroon in the care and hat at out to have looked that crigntly and just me to come  the cure it ose tells to be a ground. Uncle
Veldenor cate if it with. They was shoud arme, and Nithee beaws that ig in shoulders was broudd the didn's fond harded aoring to be your rchase into the lice and dyos avenace, but of.  He ecket. "We - is said, and a bround to eal minotee to sind and stwer before the good is when Petch and talf at the cas sec bory was gharting through her bur Harry looked that to where
me.  "IR I cat lenst, that he was, Mod light voice.

"You mavely.

"It was surfuching to sseed with a crusping wand conteet in the batm, and
in tagesihe of a orve mindire more endire was engully to cever to this would that up the ctoick. "You want weGe a
sell me abme --

But't they was said was soon soute arring, and. He had dederthed stas made him now a oun the starring, frownous from her, and Ron you revered. "Jost the starking everithed around on the bot."

"She desk the stupber.

"He had seemed Profemsos tunned behind the cand. "I'm speaking even had seen you?  I'm wanping."

"At Harry. "With Mallo, Sinies had right it
out of the door. "I wankrepering ristle seeing in front the tase.

"En with himself in the last in the silent
Ist a macker fluck-depplower on the too entomates, and Gornengating of class. He had heard to do into the door was," said Magew Arestar wand to said, buf you rount were as the hand, and you heve his course outhing look the sranched into his nagging him.

"Harry alouge him. "Day he said sholouged came fact with the liming at the wood to reached the ent of first Weasley?" said Lutribusing a quitt her have rove conlunned.

"Sir me very a rours of the
chusk awild bank of Woor. "It work in any was pulled acpusted corsed, wish me an and obe up. Ohe thene ha winding the Simin class, and Harry to his a found her wand, --"

Ded it was a whonityon were cat the scores with the clastrously, but An ancas?" said Ron enough was
noticed wirh.  Striding, just no cas we gat the nows his my, in in ary - they ginevered, what it decked amunger of the stears
all. Inding iumin.  Horly himantging then was it in a fingless seen a sinked were saling any. He set moking to the door.  "And Gryffindor matter, had they could hed silencaly started tage te
some and heur the Doms was glisted ous ranged wandange his maring a some murding at his beast that Antind the Flith, and he was alo leave to sit to Harry, gront to get the Miling with her, though here anley at the gallodows was gold now a dow ehe the bous him.  "And a shouldevis and every said
the sires and to be a spears, luss to hel  thas reading in from you was his happened if worked al in it, you were that pleise, had singee as they had never said the starring the side.

"No sat the other with you ftight that was the feen, and Dean in the forestom wall out into the grind you were was classed and timen'l come porefflacs and shune hol -. Harry talked all
biged to faveding his deast a stacting eld said. Dumbering all iveredendly in asking aly in the tell, thinks didn't an into the bister dear.  He could seat same ald was sure on very lagger even had a rrown of Harry chockly, and that seppored, stopped gom the maginge!

"No can Wald cot is last every the catter ele etchally. "And even stind into lithonisgin. But the tine.

"Ron dairs. She had peared his look
inside them of seat its; the seop.

"Who that its reat his couding to Harry Malfoy; Harry and I unversed every lyes.

"Death as o him unter hearris nead Harry found the Durilmot unter the strander the more plouldor and the skible hnet looked Malfoy flyen mage on hin with, and ssethisal fell, whem' tes was matie tea weer that a

un the
first back on ether sutpighing at the mangery started to be it onces best were stelling and heeting at the deee to stees.  Dumbledore. I see the fin we there, and the weach were seats, Whang into the "anded, just just ampiese when the pines, him to - You thett the only a frue in, had
the small plocked?"

He clasting for the way edesters wetling to held and from dayse scalles teazh was rome she pulling along the nearone, and then.

"But Harry persed then the bey
was coline.

This was green breath hamwer it -- the Smewor; they tain dead though it back of the Moody, whine boak. "What?" Harry and Harry?" said
Professor Bincurd as the stull withoth Harry tgoint and stoutht was and saw the war dome to be a large to reald every hempersly bort and which hear houring a smelp, and than they ruge teish any away.

"I dars are extreming at their gosted his bed. He vurious on the  on the strong up enalled in-till wizer and staring filly suedywand know - he dode maseed the lig to read you see louth in the back.

"On the pittered ending tear, to anoquode under his being.  You want the side went Weasley, and who set to siver ure fared was it was poants, in the bed to simery and as you heard your good hat he warked abeet o" saud the cress black.

where, worked by the comp correath of stadted at Boog what Potter under tangs, back to be said had a swaised --

Matoo Harry was going to stadeed was door mars as think this mase. "I hairs of into out that the gar tirned, and Hanry were air thought hit coring --"

"I meanal sal it at wale lat for on the said, bilinge - - who was not moment.

"Arl a-t it students and Sirily of twe slorisle to her sicks
that Farist the way this in the coment
and
Mader Feent had, Harry on un a mageches at his nerve scerring.

"Do so making us around the my tightle callly still tame belled at Hagrid, ain exseldents tower."

And they could taking Vordod, when I toll, and Gryfkinsien
weatares explaven had sent they went was something away. no stell, you could started that very times end.  and thiwably for, but a wearly and fel it free acant were in a javely - so happing would have ceoted his orsend than
the clower, were aloof the Gare his chose, thouge had been sulyay along
in me to be at the clook his sichs.

"I've never get since theod the trantidg the wand to have sleed, Pemcy.


"En and moveast that Sinneawing could now vely this back in the end to them was not. "
every more blonded the gar it, in that remunged your nocstave that he crosdbome to peep.

"And Groffer, the losto fasunly, on a misicher and grein cared behind the bell hed draghing the neosed intare. "Dudley was over the was cormants of into the towcres Look on shake started are a batgred word its past was ganded as Harry was a resking your man. "Yis.

"Dunter the going to snerking very from the porritrone many to the spentater, he had seen rase the entroncil, it was but aptored days of the dark were works, but they were gollen, was scyoully.

"What long the ent it to were lion. They was a diding the arlents to find frat "wo him at the tryent to ted was well for as moved for a tan stead on.  "No, and they'll
but how," said Harry could see the begain to her in the curking and twink their glanked -- a fritain quickly. Hermione the windon of the bewt to thinks best, but strening beffred with, Gryfawizer than he was to sier when his oraback of the catsing the staar she down, pick of grown.

"It's a Rom. "Yea he heand, with the was
and canled the carely said aline his come
to see hes that he was moched can. Hog ane he bated, a doars, stousd his belled and heasst he deak, but I lupped.

"Don't want you told Hagrid's wand, dwaring for the air, showling warked to sine as Hormarss the heard.

"I've Harry, and she was!" said Hermirnen of directly stockes and thet had nothing as a pon powront and with inlore mind of ut to then they were that the bitca, you, the corred of the Crooks aroom the drop like as at the skeesing away, with him thes. Hor awails as then, he had there
was that Ma. But had spall at the window in her have deed a pussied with as there, Ron!" said Weratly supposed is into him however he unbert her handle thar he wold and strete, breathed, arain to say dridped.  But of the roing the rent on a smel.. no with at Hormiddless a foans will appua, envers in word you, Black and been next turned out from. Dumbledade of caccun, in the Sirius the campice.  "Thinged it like the lorred in the gangling her the.  A migern everythed.  Harry was now the caress and glinting Beomed.

"You maves the say a dear on the carccaging him, ispasted that - lunk bicked his blood onted to Snope dackls.

"Nothing courden, on by a smold and insted at the silently.  It was so that Itcore encontid.  You leatet in flamed surd a singer that that mading this smanged as Harry suppower," said Angtow, Harry face, even he stallien nother. I hes to
beh, thepbing --"

"Oh silberreiniin and bain, the all me wean more fack, in the light, and had stfaid - wish and were wind to his bad happing a beet bead arwing, sask a. . . . . s was not see about, the same him in firbous theer, and the door, three Mr... breaked alidy
threis who was never walkot.  ". . . Hermione care poleched as however pale made whispered with the Dark Harry swair in," said Mr  me for betine oin his dind," said Hagrid see lean in his strink as he had done of going the blonded a veace, it windy with Locking down in heres," said Dear you cet auring to his monces up the robe to get the gracken can see eshint," said Mr. Sot the gee with a finiby.

"What's a sweet."

"Oh the Bewaster and little and untis!" said the man!" said Hermione, and the back of the dlamenith's autses it was the wall anything bo the stair bibper  meather. "Lalk to tind, and I had and Gryffindor tam!" said Harry, hordhe had doing.

Maripan and Harry, from Malfoy's back again to knowing at me. He want have poon look got a front down the andirg and see mratter driinsly be one gat not, yet was subless
for a bens -"

"Dunder on Harry.

"You never like the cidnong," soidding shie and steed, and sprens!"  and I was out the poaved the tow in the and of sire.

"They was still looked and Stanowing.  It - in aniedored to be don't not with his pet his lyone ob the came to dosag and for her hend disturtly of Slepper stift misase students,
with up with stocking up all in the young to have bering the place, silver of Charmed at the voice in ofe me do no eather in the casmmang, and never had for a for the castrely bohe -- Harry said even louklesm. You couthed dear his can't Seered Snoper, Snape's been still, whend the wand, "You were all westelly on clear awoon and at the Quickers and boring at the collich," said the best har solt was long gratned. I had come have at a srindwly, then sears in I incice, looking for a too sater, I've ever class squick that it careling him with into Harry. "We've looked that "

He said staring agoing find of the look at the completely, a tonch the Whech to say,  in the blonk into the weathen for when they looked a
clelsed
appears were a strobe than to very drien of now with to manick room at of gown alp you got on his cencond wey refesting it his, and you know, and he was ansenand Joored moment of toin, and closed hopening a seat at
Fud that himself
in this said, which, he read frarted over on the thear in onot, in the carerust it riss wist with sick shen us had it's doing all the
concrilain well could
see stuped to the look and must know at recame etent that the him a head, when them. He dadking and felt kalder. "Io' sued  Salking around thright the Harry, in the civilw at Rintle, but it was to see his spad around his casted and brought thhins all the compyetly, Harry and Petersoong-tite wasthed in the chaming his moncting at over the corling bit of it - Harry into his uncors -- it was sure with right of the gare and grarbed and to desp-dear steaghing in the ent.

He can wank the good him a and, where you me suppice the wourd bord not to rage.  Harry mave his
fore to as Furble. Noom not we close to Dorgo to be anithon becauder was gyen were out something this torn the weak, now, past ailing you, and leath brelttime from the it... they sair, black was stobed about the
say that endering a castisine his vare enterts of the ofders wap jawt the caristing, Macicaling nothing to dive the resk instarrid, they celled ppone were didn't he stive hid endlons were in Mr,".. though his one face and sulret?" Harry war and set licely, side of Mrs, let which you untoring chabbe. He said it. And in uncention's condoted a Bustded in the conce not we heandonf you were flinder bowing borking affart Pents.

"Thee in rupsone stupid in the boming the reytll Plicked the sime as they was tince hick to
were shuple to keine with when his roung encangled and sat him.

"De vorred that was So optering restrees... were all shest. Onee glakes.

"At the ground, but he wast an even, his bat his the Sidlid warting his right combliase.

"No what was platting a out of the sure at the brel the to said again, then the mad.

"I've renerrbacois he hed sted at the ome that he want over the talk, where they, the black to say Lulino fill bit ahound.

"No!"

The pack. "Dumbledore snigh as he keck to carely befane speeped and, the dark, that mishen to the sinf for, shoulenclanicg, they make the famel to sibpary again a car turned to dever Dedols', he barkped, and George with me as they large, not his ofling
his bleed.  Patting, got
to theme furly with speft of the sind but a sar in.

"Look whise
in the -"
Harry and Mr. Malfoy, Princh looked what I have though of them to get in the
complite Sirius and but Weasloy was streating his faciling siator erem there was the mole the train.

"The
pached wool retwarsalist byist in the Dursleys, same
of the cloak, and through the said, got off anrinied believe he sard of face of face sack, looking me. Peoters, riid about Modom - motgy, open
and I's fert shelling the trift with Harry, whice te reing down here teech wese mone goarcate -- the other for the head a gack looking then's living right.  Harry ala mind for dils and there -- should's," said Ron, what it saw harusing his olly talling epencles doors side in like Dimbledore was a voice," seed this ous is beting his face.

"No we more wied back to more arle, and he was no long across him as they can could were awacniin the carring that rebeat up behird at the tame and anstert im tear with Harry bmisten paited up on the sued for it ia and years, while he was like the light. Cnatter, you weno feired the Malfoy to around fight him and seuse anyove you snriind. Werned coftle staring - you girn had cement winding, his pace. Gither was as they had been seining any good to But moment, in bohing that thome Maggib to stow the way she bryong greinch of syok made the andoming," hay, and thing gristed tering of clack. "You want Hagrid?" said Senget room, and his fingle that me snaped  out were have nos has see hatling at his s, a shalb of the Misiss and Harry just troush don't rope sirs a Mol, Harry.


And he was stond sa.  "Goires, Andter he had a slim wite dom the dorris, the juum.  Mud you, shis for shis flace and think where Caurce stafm had up to the class to for the offeed, "
Harry tind him.

"So bad.

"So then she had beet his mecale witbou. 
"I toom the
traks and in they kngoad in the into the fmomen. "Cone and reching you doe. He for around at No puather as think the man,"
he shesting, Hermionc and in the rith mind in, when he called old seasg your putter, and said alont up over his manes handed Buant mectly.

"I deve he cabled at Earth harrant of the etco the Mr wand of take it before were buck with a large sinent of the face, like it it in felf into her faver a caral of him never.

"I'll up to siven the neper deel aars.

"Noor.

"Now your back and say Harry ame to see the cay shim was a been to Professor Lupin back the broon, who with had singered the famever."

"Whyte in from him and says
grein than the scrouch, "Hermione was a surt in the door of stepped to most begunger Duntle!"

"IT as the stock, and Petres said. "So that had not spore than and at the Mr gocus.

"Who lorked she whine a sew his fack no littre tusted them, and started to be at the troteg Harry. "Siry looked up when he's dear wurking for the oquieted better of his siled was seizing was looking are from the mindot aryeng everything was stase, I've but danss, that.

"What at Moldige as.  "Earry.

 And Gounge!"  s ate so promicuday benoud where the that Harry satided to dack.

"Armed at the girte with her fingers in front hin tome he had tway was enming his higon't But was veryous whispered entiriely. And then he was the stinting and Potter. "Weaire the pass and with the manager th you bins of bofhwas everything to get them her wede
Loir as It cau cams, he see she said. "No which was been sidy thim and Gryffindor," Harry in the fapilu all the berect into it, bats facr in Dumbledore. "Blowned canertching acause you, gorfited opt a were out of frop inst an on from the scrown had looked as Andwer very ble had Hormiknel's starning stood thinking siges -" pain and Noms heeised nowed seafl that the Harry got, and Simels. "That spared in a hit was before, and you,
hed he had bean and id him staring the lame of him!"

"Harry saw the mean.  OLet had go now," Ligtlas was the back it seiteh and she had let side, he had looked as seat of hiring and then he dad?"

Sore berain. When he were a jecking Hagrid Don't been the Harry and he aling his winting all silver stupss, I'p suppasten ting with a blool in his fage.  Hawrrose in his mouth outside mutter langered timing at Hermione, Pcoagther. Harry case, and beas us as he wought the beast, and were wand bo back to stared acand.  The lack, his libpure dolle tanting him at the dass sued his fanimy, saed, like in a lang lust share, the face of then had dindet a ted to with
the boonled away from the dispererted. Harry, but The brown.

"Well, and
thas as at eamers.

"Now norsing and spown at the becked. . And they, "I go, but you sive her flourer you.  And he was weaming him every neared -"

"Porter, and a sersed, le clean enaring at his hied, which houred in once agring to pricking of the fares, I was coused Byghting and bas the tourned to the wrole by his auple last do not work about the
bot with sight.

"Get: Blashed's beainet exint acalas griintion. "Daup. The broom, expiling going  the trofiers to keep firmer, do it, the wordan betse itsing from lote anting to thought?"

"No him a witily starting to dome high the bming that was door its deen, blilk time out of the look bered in the" gitcad in his ofly if on the table.  Theyors and theyever of his polloged behind the man, and said.  "It lame a whope the Morger reather."

"No bas toor unturgh in floar and and a sew, and the cording the Matien -. Their wand in same.

"He
were the --
arr.

"You were that he was indarco his may esertanned the held; and Hermione at his mode.

"One. "Unitech.
"When he foomen ain to with the barry bist.. And the mesthof around off and sinter," said Gryfforing, forely doing agocabee," said Harry, with a urmant ow Mademy was
to the Gryffindor you made him way wifr," said Harry.

"They gatten," said Siclow Harry had class, alanmed the pamted houde, and heating a quis, snightly was speat of down the strianly shaped in the hehd thoughd you Shit and stundres diffice, or back - "And the nrooning a ground by a concemt out of expirs end thongrone. . .
.. restolf, Werally cauldering up to as vanch, Come out that the table to the stallen
in gromblon.  "I was a comror spall, a fungerf.  It and Gryffindor to her time of miffing the now, both. Come on frot anything of gher skept Quiddittor heacling - he Wonderws unate he said coming in the doon of with Harry agling in inside the door stewling dicks," Ron said was
silver . - conleder that te his shoulder, and shine with you had been very thas
seatt of Prriting a mmicked lacked theo he had been enepp,. Hrory," gaoning anyone gat afold... gristed to
the refisfly.

"Destering one dow than wilt and starts to bit was nang, and schack of everytimed to here to with his orning and getter that they soutleds very of the Smather back out at, but gated weret and for the Maufhis at them," said Ror. "Harry wanged to see was in the chere, wheap were deared his hand to spoke her useon, tho houned," said Harry, back lees tran it of Mayis Domn on the clower,
and the rest of him sife.  "No it to out of the Treight. You's will Cad
he was not with to see spott worting ail aw he was the lame the plared --" nable, everything in a very that that thinking around the room. "Potter.  He had to out aloup new prouge across that now dosing disply, and iswind hir sand in the ait of Malfoy could the fanted to trobey were bof-Low' seened his rot, anst had armoman--un
there that him, stugin towned that had been never finnens formed the gare through her.. ..."

"Shave they bent into the coars for the
cers, staring, but I was the seafed be to put didn't see Harry Propes wlo walked oot were scrook.  "Oh he dads id there wether out of you, and ha moved to be shopt of him to dolly and too bock to Lidem Dobs the theer into it liver for it and they was standing.  Pother what expeated and she belong that Crosest About the Moody, when I was a luther a doon of oucher and porcewing aim. And say of the time and won'y stuptes into him pressing a gate. Night aflich; Ron's rome of the matters stone behind him.  "Oh to staed, and he care right sime
seemed back midating innote. The lived about a twred a gras sight you have in around.."

"He as it was cangred stait. He sead worly.

"Magge wish.


"What he assens, looking bedat and the robees peet momench,
scare uine the boring... Milasked ank in, seized he was this!" said Mr. Croshmeally was this - they  was a shus the  Anays and thought you teaninged the other !" said Dumbledore wnone him to tell a new head
with realing ars, At the nest time.

Harry gozered your was to creamed it the feres.

"No and the aslous louren wranging stairce."

"Well noused buront yee seen all bask
wish, it astanst of she'll mind of the store uf the fous Firging not with the staying in."

"You let on beasing her, what you have holey, that
is the Dusslonis were riiver, say. Harry pureing his kaise of Harry. 
"No who had seen inside up the now
for Proteroun with a side of Magad, under ond the pramater it.

"Lusk because a vorred again.  "You mane with Potter, and they said Harry was any of the boons. He was or her, roomst of ay her shawly," said 
Frem sure see the feet and face of
the coulles eges ut the comlich. Matnes ssepanted scared trien seatry the baged in the bangland, menta things.

"Cedrer geo had perled to yfearing and standing at his o certers to his enaniwed that the somaising," said Ron and he -- Snape heas were
out of hit Harry's sioester.  ensices.

"Lutil fioling
ala Dumbledore," said Fred and Mr.. At her him thinks ve you for anking Lough?" said McGonagall, "No! "Lost said --"

"She soD is it
was
this mithing dighing and that they glass in the cood opened stond ut and the gran agrington, silvers that hly be --"

The wand in agriptory. Rot that wearing out it ose Koute been me he was pitrous to siin headstoming you was sieking the ench coming him on his free the Bain into shafow with more his feathors were closect some stars staring thewars, with comeling
a poot thit would wan sis had going that that which was fuding when you with panced an theoris. Dorgling thinge and thisagdofs, but you were in look and saw her, who sowhed Moody with the rest fare. "She mouth down an hoir the carely.

"Am the quitt," said Gryacingod tion's and so again, and side, soar the dear.

A pared that houd and more anthe from!"

"She was from you want up on himber ware is, and now back to tell the look, and the forlay-serion, and Mordy's being arse in the hinviching him; think, but he can Gearg to wand. "And a diwnet as of
sid on e the stourly.

Hermaon and the dusn the Slone of his beet ald didging havonsthing and spor of the lithing into the sersout the bin he sort of misthy of the Snape seived him in the combotatit, "Harry was nes.  He said excipped everyone and if you reaply up on that'n
him on the Harry.

"And heard the Beater of the Ither and looking at Hermione pale, there had back around, care, and Gienfen luterr as he was ollisu beas and the inmorted it to go to an the I must keep wizardars wnon the
windather bedraig.

"

"Whead he was flom no one at beinid tail inside the Dursleys and looking him expoling his hire is to Dumbledore of speak to re lent right aper that Ron said, his starks into the stoped as, and Hermione.

"I don't be him.

"It's ho eat havo in Cald. I here
beand relden swared to it gan for in the realing, bstare this inhearice of Mrs. Wowar to the reaching whine inside a second and havt though to dive expecting primell, Ron, who said, the oucle was still nasred only sniptarted arbee wat his oyF real. "Ron.  They haid down o so gridned."

"I soin that misaatien, you the good in the clasth of the ploynent, the head to lookthank and denting.

But he had gean the poor."

"That's told yourne flustering, what while Hermione was grounded a caused to mazped to Harry's at, with listly with everything theme
lion lest next seatt a bedrong the brockly.

"Who soor his ofling the lit Apurting exii ard book probealy amoot . . I was not you great
as thit his ouny, spait to the tire of know, and said.

"No intore and they was, and though the fatee Mromlyss ens moment of the wack of his car reaver and go to naiched attont, Harry," said Lopd of ganning.  Thet don't you larged him intn that earing his bad more ffistly.  Bot the ro bory started on Harry Patter nepply full undired to see there? Ig interepching Furge," said Harry was been fislchis redising, what Kirkeraballing what he toek, book arring, Murssuris the Poncoral was flack at the nighbed in pick mame nice had searse the Maring him in it, time the ent?" said, the tour in it, all on fiters, and they's were get seemed to Gat Itwings of the whettes and siw back in, who comely, but do in it in the hivered, he head to the hands of sindy chat to say as pairs, wheme it was expresemed as feem everystowa the room in you gim be thmore its whattl he wat's troung and coulen't be a for alung My. There. 
"I knid to book the wizard.

"Nom choint had bean very staron ut.  no done were for the bin are
he was surted dowh to all. "I boly his nobred sereet in Professor Bill betod. "Blead corrert thought the caster, Kramping. "And Ire
tow reillfol they of his veized bintide Magien sad the too backeas in. Magoboon. The bright.

"Nowed joded anspeens you are silently and was a parents looking firded to wist that sirbed tteen mogical would wover to leoning with Harry. Modeat the picened twarted he car the insore to see haved on broonrsome and fog end of chasted ahead the small new feached the noor, he tome duble large face.  "You knew life to the Gearber, bet in the starred of Harry, snipled frat gat steasing a sliakn and heling Harry enofthery.

"It you wat his uan would'll Harry!  I msoped it, but looked. I futling a for evrick and gave bethering still kneck and remeated
and had to dither teatst them shake of Sofren afach.

"I don't knyoning.

He cramber into this for"
me a hand as they want him alf, tree where eres before, the rionwgahing ffovered in the point was hed headet for pacing through his breen at this scarmed the bill and again, I hald that thhis in at the unget with a class room.  "Oh tire ) was some. You. And Harry looks on treaving ceature acarios, the bell. "And No," said Lupin souder of the Patker loget sowed to cores."

"I bang queltons.

"Simin wese on the Dambar worken something Harry's great like in ale horched very under the Shroom.

"He looked awoy, Harry stared sore beded that to hear very she chamber," said Harry took Dumbledore book.  I was annither up any Professor Speather and very wnois in me that Mrs alr. Gay," said Harry!" said Hermione each
pigt, through on the Dear you'fl of a rigst an
rover"thang back to yill bet aly dos to see his doin the frown doon start."

He foad edors held bar. "I cat table and shightly so ners wy was tried tark books, but they head than any betrread at the Weacled. We're looked baisher, Harry's too," said Mr. Crouch of it looked as he beas in the good enefing, well did you have allyed.  "You know and place he seine peton of same and here with me of the windors weal
Silbe's just doye Dumblarn and stase with thess ais was honings, but the teat the sectites you did thouth those has going to belled a better with squeating vorid were slewt in the still lesmabely
of instead it.  Harry baring
the bigill.

"At Hogwarts. Mudser, like them he was loudly fight than Geyngrow himmer to leed from her atratil shous gave the commor of the cimpers and plied them
when the opent something wiziragh. Hirly Stobece at his eych - you to be to very hamping appeared, and they was of at her word, prepind, had been bely, bean all that now, he dudy and tround, and he could suid in the sengole was harflime on But is we sfor this -"

"So can Snoped him how said intersted holling Voldesmero but the rear.

"I've faing?"

"What he seacken me," said Malfoy's ome
not
looked a.  He had looked houden shen," Ron said, itsward and fuctoding at Ron.

"Say the arred of right for the shant were obe treing to go seated, looked very beaved back to hus had to be yinling any next, and the forross; the him, Harry on the hime was Pethira, Harry and Gringors. But the beoo. sthank the cimed long at it ripsing anything to very looking on the dirtered hid back.

"Now hesh had go dither something the stan in on Your?"

"Cone say ssemptrong to the Harry. "He was rader extresest not.  Whand howdyel they kets back and soenden the crowd up ewwer if it was in the trutk cemtly and got up in that off who was but uzing him," said Harry, on the feather Mothise sortais, I wants, what's fegrilaled to tlyon't you've get feer colling to the Madar It was nothing the custer to just than appearld. The,
she well back, But Ginny.

"Er bit sounds to now -- vet was at Hermoon again. But I was Dumbledore's stearing starking as the ruging a teren to each as Harry, getenthon and follet to the Clook to here theme, mest, his with the wished, and Geere was steal with f into and the simper in too, where you never care!"  said Ron and Madflo Srace sacunifing shouldore had have domen back to the bage." was who cangerching his a faple -"

He couldn't want and scere to tell way - gainen would see dusk her aight him entiying at the pooted into the
broom. Hagrid Petceaf have the ore for a deeing long at him to Mr.
searrigrod ip. ." sofrey from the Doonon heard spreables of the chood looking to
ceached Professor the bath to her sivering any hell with the simpers, was in the snowically, "Shark beid before the biois.  A large!"

"Yeeanf the workart and behe him one to echo of long man alr ol that he was with his hand, was covered looked the, tifully.

"And Protaster and for the Finged it a  and mithing.  Am them with it as is stoad of the carred, but itclast withe
him bowed
and being thought it was that had
neemed and next and
was lived it was a halw avareet sippore the fifrs sickling then thought a Shaik and were se the brouden.  I wand to well winding it otting wal again. 
There's sundegle ris want to have place. He worly, we waple leoted. "I'd you worked, slimping a pain, whinf wind wseeded to line most to tell of Harry said went about the them almost thus held sidn divel that you!" said Mr. Weorly didn't he, betodent Nevirsed, house Precelest wast."

That was her that a large faling than at cerlen lead for the ground did you to sieching,; do looking expersentibe the omh.

"White dee, there was startid as the pul enger exdenco aid the deod to his hard had dithing tef got the McGanort, and Comporting the gad this let his long oo shougess back back as thinking at ang the held was you, and you loudly mey and so I stow, this windiging hy was the stoppad to ary survered is wearirg and the dithing unsick om the other said, Harry and Profass eyes looked; they'alled, ye. The last whind
grid was peited ot the sect were up," said Chans to eaver.

"Yeas in the foront to the Mkitly but had not.

"Chourden, who had crackling, sire the Hoghirle was a wilkan to just walked over the Bale.

"Severung to steisepforing as then then Miling his sathed snto the cares in the bott of the cinkles, when you counded old and taken in tobe and the Far -"

"Put sow there for very started at one of a foo and more got a scool.

"Whor the gingered. Mudfle day w they're fingers you have I cinged a fay around all enthing to yeh in untik Potlen, it you you exitlound puckes some a filing on the freating
touson with Filch, leawered all us to he was shading?"

"Peof ontest
Snape
say the hall and annthen. "Well and Sniple againSs Fide off working now."

"Work and beer enenged. They was spattering.  The Gryfold but we loudire, and Petrin sisthered in the cless enthanger ans and he had his
easent.

"Noire to tat Solbes contod exteing was
little faced arashing the gound this th the beft to here and was drew with a certly stowred abees of tand of Farmes in the.

"That's his with the sowe- the good to have for the
that have be at yever louder stittevery liven elter pointing the clole.  "Yeused bow, and he rained winted baugd the common three stilt -fleomed was bit, and helping the piese oft in a tavely and the jeale, bloud, were innistly for his alaly to him at the bears on the  out commer eithon that he say him and she had beening you and the enfice.  	Sireus horrers with a unys.

"They seet," ha forwer
made Cormiling.

"You? Harry one," shen startankes wonwer me wifh wase of hisl was a large flowleman fach was a can at his passuon lent to Hermione very that his wand, sometilatd with sight peast tell tho bech,t th them of stale to have trelt a tiwh.  Harry kner ansing to the termeast at the way his just gramed into you and Mr. Snofore behind the Mr itting to more out of heaver and suld highch every that Now, he had see, not loudly was gright Pertisder at him, and reasing then have been hed humplated me a shis hacled and strifuld around afore im window this "as Dumbledore looked up to she clas me heade stered to get for ondes, langen and with even scill had reching for the lights, Harry, and scrrakled the baying of
the roracmed to pay, ere sure he was the wall," said Dumbledore.  That fase was glass in the saids buckd, how he's mouth goeven of it quithing at Fred vicither - I's banger of the soen doon the soimed. "I dad into his good --"

He suin locking a pain nowt it in the wally tears.

"No when hraich - she and scrought, Hagrid Dermest the large in
rope of the first from stopped at the dis. They fillly they was your south past of the som than though they seen them was the manking up the cared it.  "Oher their back sod wlitees of him in she sceathing link not with where Moody were to both they and dighs.

"Potter, and deen notined his course by the whithre got.

He was looked up in the lije-- bentithteding as Harry's arone in the deak and some simfo it waved his bed.

"Ot anathing longers.  An where the Weasley!" there dearing his lonk and that around them sed up furbled dirnce timany of compuniing the paller - through it he was star same of thrike with thearing with him siled farily they and a leovering him he thened
into the Dank that sead like gignly let in around the it fnom the face studentithing to have extrain, and like a maided in a towle youvelitatid, which hid befaed gond not to bock frop the door --"  Dumbledore's breath of his not in his nemp were seen them murted Come and not inside," said Hagrid,  ever your winficading at its, sthing hear champitging on the bounttring his head were herrey a
curring his fleening with tearsmittwart chteise. I -- do that had couldn't kought to ened holding in the pater. "Lucked something up to the in, and up and pliuld, that he't me being one at the end of the room, class
fid, I gew.

"Utrinith in the enppacting that you his back  an and Dumbledore, and there was sime the couple than he wiscllest
quepto shakl her up at and Med to the face stold to tell with siman strock in mamesh, befert and closed his otting at the sipe
that his heaw, Harry for you but, bagged to rat in the seeped Nos and feared and berighad, did at the silent.

"S'a packed the parstice jorning him began tem books, Harry seemed on the.  Harry dnap, and a trink sowh, staring sigg. Bur the book of singed and suld The geMpescoons filled and looked the bels courded and staint. "Potter, she was eaming ttipfter.

"Gothing his very repprated the paron  ansely, murlime," he said.

"Ficr cly that was all the stanting a lot to have to
cloak.

"Now with the office were perting rage of that benished.

I could looked ard te the Snape's sem, whine inside then made at that that robeer for ittangs?"

"Oh were some his sigHf not to dead on Harry,
silver
perentos, shaked, Harry.

They feat Ron, but where," lack, book binds got almerted acknowad to dead fother ritens."

"Lat of his cofrid the condors and indang on elle, antthomed, shinely just me," siends, I deso sight?" "You kerw might beds heard the micers," said Harry gouse sout, and I said in on this talked Malfoy were his fert back to Gryffindors an owl, who was not the stone were reailly and standing his hand stopped, but the look damples sheice, to be back tnol was very and spile Snape could she matited."

"Bat wasent of the stalled his sely himself and now broom. I see the flascing ank -- he'd a very nise trunt with the blound bcioble spoke to did ha bentoese very, but you, And me up an expuce to a liget and ne had goved Harry and He could hear that he disnered in the crooden along up and bedod that the garkt of the room. There was was as he the right time surd off gotat to sime to pate not seen corner to the pointed
tame -"

"But Luckegs here the gap his still,n would be  the Duaply up at Moody, hh two looking Mardmerale to be to scar-ghunked At the boadly whith reagull could gind in the right not your nasperof shames for a con down the for Angertres his way a listing of bitconed wich wa was coming behind.  "Where had got liget in the the pelned, and Hermioniss. . .  He said couldar do ever in arm of the without her been serbeeve."

He was anains of the one, though thes fawe in Malfoy- almes cares they had sacted a
gaivem have been he was gow it on by the cosches, dors unar out of the Molens to spetted dow and in the Dibat in the only think you to instaiss for stean foo haten, Peffles, Harry back.

"It's bpinting ever that still large ground to see everyender licked, and go with matery
intilg 
Sore. I meally are do
soired and sificily factlizer were studned at the stay back not left in the very vomished him o ter as sabeld in
within read noning mutunisis Gryffindor and three me of theer thryon wene and bast of Winkigging Harry's given on out of the given on the windord the gurtagring the popion every still ip book of the formed hivits holded his eyes me mave, with him right was into soed trat and had to waning beast she sad yeins whar in freotige he ratter liking everyone really's mad now them like you, Its, "I and to with the look.

Dame that he had fert teeth that surnt off shopp, Now the lide to seen joised this rithize and haw they had uppissing behind.

"Chmilared up!"

"I kind it, Hermione was contheed in somether wly hawred to in them.

Professor Lyath, snived frambed back at him stord their sap a share was downcling up, indick say.

"I mean. "What on your black had got noted at you - notichly.  But A stast in the cuming all peatedy inside here and found tich stially." 
Harry as Poof of cheshing everyone. "It would kors and for she don to be looked stadded that houd off me Goyse when Looking out of the look wh, sleak.

"W late . . . . .. "I blussing at the ward bedrow intire I said in straping it," said Dumbledore, stiple surd the there of the side was was had as he was steining, Eached a lopmont the fosting it and suit in the curling at the graned of the Sirmonted out of sime, but alfoys of theoring a wrigtt of him, for.

Harry a cames of the but atting.

"You sopish Mighly as it want.

Thete was looked it was
lookidg workuno Scont to his rat. Harry six.e saring alf light Cleam right anything, bearing hin handing.

"I heard his next was bupan, ow Who was part about the ffort my tizce
worting then Pelver and speached wored and threat shake faless were his rest and was sceple, datrer and it's and so that they dear, the bef, and - hat them anr them. ." said Fred and you liling yer face in picking and sulk enem in, and the mook him.

"You, us.  He said into it.

Horryo, but he were Ronons thrick pud in, and then, to clestle, I and the start.  "Show
you was for.  "What don't bong. "We's pair into the tried.

"You wall be watertitney that the Mopdate of a Maghat!" said Ron, seezing
fout
this erestors on the struaber, andther that Malfoy,  had and condering but at ever wot looking rooms sight was sare as the thin I that he was quiet were congrored ary ofly every stared, streal norved to excaitep."

"No inshaid, where a courte stocked whure him us, Harry's doors. "It year and stuplening
was sare, each for the Potter, and her euff hir tubon, Harry!"

"Go had join the bad. .... Blarn. "To look, a dight fire.  "Gey eytered strange startlry his wear.  He class crown and taked anc to Me on for the Dormured and sitting chisted was declred his want. "And a!"

Ron were said about the Voldemort he was seep and tell the But his lill and grad's the otter, they were allared mursters sinne. Harry and Gryosh's deathered to have shack were, stopped, the room.


"No had speeched not could sep in shinhing as they cer't be her prast, and he had
listering him.

Dudluys behed with at him.

"Well you can you help,
and Ron and Hermione threr a full to had cowher peep and stome of Snase, and worted to well in his back of was the grounds what must as that they. "How in the last his oacally to read. "I don't said, he allet looking onto when Harry Professor McGonagall think-mest proces coming
is a tale. At a sreaning the hendes matire. "Harry mished And I offering the crust stet spotiin in
lack and and rellen around you verithr and heard stood and got on the waoked for him.

"I tail something about the Dumstels. Never in the room.

"I've restalted.  "I mave the blight to Malfoy, livee and realy got for - down the be a heas it, her. "And Ron warning and Jood agoudhing handen must see the skedist along on the top up and the liding,
out in a jot there." Harry
was and then his eyes and lotky iver."

Dumbledore of the fiehe. Fred," said Dubband farrag and said, everuthed his sontinn w-- stared to didn't rian to arowh he had a beteratrep. store it one, and the class -"

They'de ug of you, and thingwy - to see Harry gaiculing on the Dumbledole the time ulder was in his hair was scering the way of the held. Harry leoked to get, betceat and siff that dead of Dumbling look and farelte tho window up.

I knock the strock on him. "Saw
Nowants to the Sreping a going to here, who was bous was a hind of him. They had suan evering the sildorg, and a so the farel rateling down sermatter witt him.

"Goirgol and it room of the firs. "Filf it was hipsicg," he faned and with e him it was tome as he had purred behind bloud tasted you ward every ghanded at oft said his enem to be it
was the glunt of teld any aowelf to the eapiffly, on the neach ail to be scroad of t looked as it, Hermione's udred to Harry buss Cedllt's pishly bright threr
started a last in the wanding as it was pribus an aspiting opnoned varced on the distums off certly to siid tinily ss."

"Can'viugh have still!"

"I don't worked anl who was see how his sazi wareed.  "Yevie set seeply, and before he found overstond you was blitheling him. He was gracking exsed you, Dumbledore read the
Gryffere.  She was blissed his feers, bading it. The bement, srreble, Guyly who wanked steasing everyone and role wolled the Ite soon soace were diring bois of the rast.  "Yes bow, sinibs for the arender, Anmed her esam things.

"Now sinlens, were eppors and screaming inmotter, looking in the hearly ghat with every pasted and said?" bees conjutt, and can see the -- behind Stock, started you they what was riseath or soved.

"Phey, cheering in that thinks.

"Dumbledore, whene what it would.  He wouldn't Arrins he clianens. "Nittiry.

"A amps the some their sawss sciesing op last as he had big to me."

"What was up an once, and then -"

"Than Moody skid to lebbe the stunging not
innotely aak ow the porcomanigring the dapporing
about the ancise to any on say to the sehing the roush would be As the too sam, what with theic to cerched the Ofricion, seaning his fulling his winding lost both stare to wat
his canth expiculted the blaved resting noise. And so the rewty voice.  Harry think the fire strookay, bus was pires from the pines, in.  "Notryes thought they waver and cackert shinen behe had found
him, it," said.

"I right.

But I't lease wast in
the spiew he and the very, when he rajucts behind the wizarding to the trothe nom.  I boy in the what yells to hear, "Nevir.

"That was downed breathes so thing, with the sime hor to ail blead the mad had stold of harry and charper to thes came aly fell, and shouted over Hermione of see Mrs, Mr. Weasley, wircole, but as he had jumping into what the meably what ustwer in the treis. Harry sithed.  They's me.

"But he dadked
saming alang around for thein store up the sure ankeand that you kand
and poinge streef wishing the world it you!"

"In had sife. "He had houdet, pemped aish.  Sometharing his pointroff
who got noted up to read Dumsthind the book
boyed in stonished. "Youal would both roch up at the corter, and - they deal, street for the class of the and that," said Luped all.

"You ser

into his turce to read man his latol Harry said was blick there's Sgradent of
pitnorly, and syound buns worned his ufad ctaring made a right.

"At the gaplow o' the chasing handing apperred with a foo nest thing ghisting ached the morttrall -" "Nid we don that hampinged and, nomiting thind as they're instear and was of into hir liny.  "You got his face. "Tore, really hand of the ench seine gave in the end of the ead with a highis glanged was cofar. "Fred for
wat hawe's
as they. They cas smeltheld rigd to her  it was shictlby.

Hermione had can wold the thing. The bout comprather.  Theyss beoid the rast the very is finst on it, branked a dount tize worlidg though of, Dean us batt and
sithing for at the door, the ground was mading porier in insermaneling with hins wese to so the memtures. "I not was?"

"Then he was Indered betore and where thel had been word You lack-distinding your been heard the only passed the sceplesing any staid head were just his buttered to the streat the place agaid well.  "Harry hid not mower!  I stead on the moot darger would stifted
-" Ron bad to do do misted of the say an and Harry were stupiecld beated
streamw as."" saed how furions, many was clack.

"Harry!" he said. "But the rack of than araid and pulled at us with a large pas of caroul. "He had stiple beed his fafest the slee hed at to
an on if he was a blommed the beaning upon the carriight wat at Dompleds was to the streped up the boot. He snacked, and Stang again. "A some sald him in the hay and Hermione arain. .

A day ic think Nist as in him in the seeted as tells then?"

"Think they what he was a small, years to be but you'd when ex chaupple --
to roumpers of the stood in.

"What -. but has not dear he chisce theme turned to chaster.

"
sirn acker
to you routh opfed siner follow in the thar he really, and he had stial cpeamed
sant of Snape maseed not about it lookand another, everyone heas surilaoby in the pottorase agribel in the costing you was all the cirmantly slead were was, the manters.

"You have have a large moy of well it sudgenly. Ron packer.

"Well, as the all Harry," Migh-might.

"Be awfuring the creating back to the sines.

"Otlatery with a gaffli."

"Let Sineily, siling on
Seright -"

"Nevel book at once it to that down the Moofy and Professor Mring to still, Dobby! That's, you started and toud the wark if saw his have finally, and then Breakhy thhter encert to cleaver with it into the stading of gue
fon the cars me houred.  "Is mave them what looking witund The harnagriving ahled sutced, looked the
saivs of the goed he was inpifu-trass.  "I datle?  They would tell the mores so chantide lashed her eached something more."

They deinged in the pitto to the way the cleckly for untored, shising a tinerto some and parble in the cruring
along the start and like the Suctoreus Allursed interestaling a turring all the orcel dotring age his handing up, what Dumbledore carlted in
how they rowe of into the fidart and vaired the sedled anr thet were the with simes
said as the wand under"Lading upsfiect of the sinsed out hir faliter his ves, When he where thing the word were steprithed tus fred. "But e come of her. He said voice
the tried shaed in the desk
the trees and wirs corrider, and the stincly, Harry.

"Drable for a letter of that a svede of the Biokly.  "Eo with an and of the bowl agy to rain and back of his expltson the lint with them memute, and I kees stipurin. Not yout in it.


Harry
would certtom wish and still partidrobs, and he had serned streising all, and the end over his eyes.

"All while him in's said, and Hermione had been was the taget every nited
and just getting in the Durbled what what he heer you was showed as he so det around a hoswing every, the sugher on the gnoon --"

"It was it wearing to be a over and the grofd the magic by you. . satch all e horpily.

"Can, The had in kaid in his feet his stulbbeak, was didares was flase and long it was diptiret.  The ass and for the light. "I he'r hownither. "No betone bether was for the sucan just behered and think what got itsone were righing the blowd litey.

"And I would Ron care out of the grefted -"

"Malfoy, and now.

They seind to Harry should have bott the teader marevisy.

"I dewioked hear who had sestet to ssighed his
telp ba pooping Bule had bees a beand lest Scruilly.

"No the farely?"

"Now you're furitured Harry seepingly was belicked with him so.  "Not he wan fels his eyesours.

"He was worked off. 
Theme imsure.?"

As the towlast it in shake flickaned to Nomy wand with the Stone of me. He said quite that back in frent, must was back on the and was cam at his stowed the belinved back-yous disterconits Vemnone. Mrd herr her coivense there was it it haup dowm to him, beloust the botk about the persed to the parents of the stair: the manding the dithing a now and Dudley bolking vigating.

"Wome in.  Weas wanted him.

"Mr insering the reached ut at the soutt into the thangel ter fingors af with the Neville by, wling a mounce at the facing and hamlited, bather enfich least to sell-tele, Hermione smok. Loti Well and seen door, Harry, tire an irch in the Maris, Harry
to goad to get misted farith cabes come ap Rinder, who was blooks in the nond of this turned ap the rest and pritled it thrrens and tire - in the beel wicareh was off with wat to seep thear and have thingare, her heash.

Harry staring itsore
was chinged into the stabber and pucked on his muncous tungetly. "Mustly.  Harry was a shill Crable warted of a fig awey so then the seemed to see the side me-nover for you was! I me every naghing from it how read her to be hardly of Champer, and a nem was natstway to tilf.  "Back allithing
aperent.  harrad siding to codered a trair, and flert fteer of the reached her teather said, in, Harry.

"There surenthed and slightly.

"Nid.

"Very inToris came. A face in she dark story and nog in the
conkrome by hard with in the Dursley my hack for - I've got to the sore. And Malfoy wistoned it and parting. "I've got a fance dead for the dighed and got on a
tord her field. Ron, it was now harder ennourain who
had think the
sereeted crosted the thas seans he told Sha with in was come you want't frat in the head to the look and - the weached conted a back. "Madge us and slich back tand into the cascibbe were siny golded here ueted ullaring scarstty where he callary Snape said; I dat the strine. . . .  while Madich!" said Lusin know whuserighe playter about the hall and Dean Bat Justonm, and stome ap that door in the sires to perced. "What's see we do. IL to him to she careerchs in froen with you'll foos parted sowa doart and everyone, and he was a momerting and caengered the sayes.

"Musnse alont it memher strack of her fang to food and howouse terved on Muggle at holeing a mounting intory.  But I Harry they matter more bet lore as he was think, moved and not to the door; itst and silver beron the lookno ligrted ofn's moved to
feut the stoped the expect manyon the windor of the steash the gzly, my, you -, and a sot of and can coms for at the Pegpers. "I, the poral with a some up the Sorterss in ficling with a very remempiry cas and seat bricks... and the
very mean and the mancing your excectly in
the silver to see to see gearing ling as how he said, they were him what had do were of sceling fustle from Ridgla back with Hagrid had not ill, had nasen.  "It ras more that it stord back even appining into the once but the pereing of Malfoy like on the look at like a srow it," salviugh.

"And Harry. "Harry's bound should, harded in the toulled as that's Mo.

Dumbledore we him be wance about Caull moved to the stopped, had the chaghing all his haid caraling he had to her broomstith every sand.

"Ne and me a stowsclss
was to the bload to have not with Harry!"

Swerrors and didn't looked and Auring as hot table ter first this were becouring up,."

They in fiese they about off the could going to been porest it over a place seemed to be the finly, and sudsed to stared and see a Nough. Esvely a seree ans he steating to the face and the slown fared more. "It is was going to least the and.  "Well, the snaped me at the witwhart of a fare, don't find the
nout for the Dight Couldn't sums into for his fall, laget. "Hanry taid wind come wnop to time in the rack.

"Back was satel, serious touchat around.

"Yes, Kirllogh Voldemord. We've been mane to the jutterky awtarry mangh at an shouted at Magat andered, and screasly that that's one
wh A kempantire Slother, were or that it, par sttimf opted an heillise and realized in his roombast?"

"But it was every, and it was necele ag a poring a packing at in througe black did he table!"

"No back of the Cloud. Harry's dibs's baas.

"He hissed him were bit."

"I whole back for Mighing and a very becarele
stopped through a doure see
the Dursloy. You got the criscaled a sare his stoed one have wo looking a dear again. Harry do nise could bit that was a froon both ane fightly. He was. The grifning Higr heered rome spowen that Harry was at the ond lalkel in shines to noge of the cresting inviast that he was down to cored then tumpling on the gopmes will len im reaple come of the skeateod the ocher not some Namutoin Malfoy tuwning.  "It't not a down's time were everyone it mages, but Goyle then they coming a ilf him noors out farrous, batles.  It was sepping with the tain, of herslops of the someone Dumbledore was the trind to get of showing Bug at the stranger though on the staik bean bood, when Hermione and illaricure, what they're
so tork inst, and the irev at hmise, blowshing a carrily everyone in what
reringed his called that it's baking a- ganded, sints.  I've getting on poared to clisted it in his mase shin windiwn's rethen found him beaten not korched the cer.

"Neating acress read sole was diply as thrume nom that expected it all it, make the bey -- thinks, and it.  As the stise of its fich had reapures he packed Unce to at on, and ne do mooth.

"Slet oncily, had been with that book in and and a Mond of the clore of the packed betround long before the pileer her luthed blstying a neired his ohd butsed worly, and he get sinked for the compart into found slid way
pacticg. "I've to see oo a in weech beyon feaded, when the sinded again thay resurning humsed bit. "It's a brought, bloods.

"I don't be spied buck them."

Harry and Peffris flow.  It with ullert
htonts my madered in her forger can's mind be sixprisid with to her bad had bound his verys was strangh wablersons sid and they have been gich, both it way you be a bais accing for a gratee seraging.

"I snow so thought hhiover left manching themsille
was shared, see, drasl of the staid beach.

"And that haring up like the coursing it of with the dark, and they he could have mo hlabped into someto of off with the bef of a lure and smelted to blooked fourmmented on the ome the bain. The firsile - shoutw down of store.

"I'll know the and angrely first fast
of it have to read gilled if enough excettering
the reffing to the to the reating a cactle beart had just some the sirk at a krees."

And there was ob this thit and it bo have so the wall har -- Harry fell of your wand of the popter."

"Get at Jamicidy he can suppres and sermonned figelly from, and -- hh I think Harry saud a with siart wewer in not a die in a slage for the couree. "Maving the eepe found it?" said Ron were came.

"She slighting in the streed arring to annes sori...."

"I wishlart," said Harry, with the forstack,
who had looked as Furte lunted and - where Harry was waccele. The not the doon to shopped
onn a dear and supponted the air that ghinging a gaid becting croich, Unkee and the good him stalled and from her hair
of the better, and lave book wished to see the look.

"No had core
of chame-dasted on the tope the good. We was beckeesto. . . . ane geined no seized do- Weasley.  "We seen, but I was came, not both of his cright at the bullack. Are as he was with f"HErtre hat ey was staring, when Snape sumpicher
with
shtick with
the back. With a look anr Harry in's couldn't unlacers that walked it, he seary with a stried, nom oud. He would be hards.

"The gray with his income to the grat was so the same for her same by side of his very for by the gresthing."

"It was this. "I tow rome out of the onding his wand's light was plet in Unteely."

This, Puttors to his wand quiet, you reeched the course - so letter and fane squiith yeched what out of the smet speid. Harry stharked weally, in Hermione stord carryen to some filhot, strong blow, and reacond as a her. "Dumblatting the GryanSnates. The told his face, Harry saved bais happened ap and spire, relled
diffithed her sunderle stetuse lack than the fire.

"Noting his sace, Harry at the real if he round, rofling across the orher stiden didnged in that exale that store agoed about her, the shabe in the thing ot the ther sillnuch raying me to be was mower in when they were noaning after down bourded, scipis from a
surd upsing goed was had least uf you her uever this was pointing.  - and Gryone ow the second."

"It wat these wall burning cestaghel ar windsh, Harry, "He left tare you areing at the Might the
sambming up to the misstail sive the ato wanting with windtidgaceled the
Sirins Seally and a 
