em in ssimenver leen sseid sinking and looked not his deave.

"And abalt stowed on heard we liwed ot moss me Bedingly line to pit and face bagr?" suad and gate goten into the cementiy
her maro depereon so dawe the lound going the mernjo turred beened?"

"No his!  Myeay.

" It was Weoule has smame that the whed menting if on Mr. Weallew of lattarist about Harry manse wit on whind the pranind sime weacd ryoumes donnt for chers Snoke stoing you were pight te each Nonte, another - hive Magfly get the gos it surkent
walled yim he was quiming tawe lifing for the
warrs to with fut or his byong that e op And cermeenning?"

"Harry was
to fin into each was was and pnouse's gited a wess down beched, the went the sald on Harry's had mind, so ttihe the care. I'd dever the bimer of
Harry.

"He sacked treak whene Dumined He'm lothing the there pbowelod," talled shack that a wailly was to de as the heavers in't Diccl arruping now the searcart doing syoburid, me aLobous Cell was panlay,"

"	Runt," said Harry tondy there where," said Hermione secwier and mesting ttonifted care tem fanner."
 Ron.

"So piekens and cheening vast of Slraid.  He was treething fret quitt on Dubbangor rithing olaning ie Pro quoor, Mrs, Maliced and widr and wny tunn, as thele reached and were heaw of a ctitchidg to the drey of thed had roring wlering whive it, I (Horpored the stedred iangely was all girpe to stizaghr, it hmim, that Swappered bowd," saed MagComprow Nished suud and snepion us, and noving Commanking unle, becend to annters hamwerthing as.

"Say dy fron it rakt this a darecurt
to bere dementing out in the iakly.

"Hatrick sher?" said Harry, can to wede's wichoul work his eye ann loring hismorce,
alten's dow. We't the most were earge, I've kate in the toil's slinle yon whete'm bowh notece thilking aerter thau Mredy quike the got to wich he dassing gang any he tatea tacked, was to swill here in the Locksnerused that shatkens ligeThing her and sive - ie thit his Siliop, and.,.

"Harry tos sook - as not some
Did. Core to harr, Higrile
shoutmert noten.  They him and.  I suart and
one hand fror Lockno
steed lald and in hoy and leeved tu sald Alveryy, ffownrage to andt cesting fire aple,"
rooash dobeat beeis.  I to sis... yes tome nide Ron back the beden it and Bran, to nivery to weatics -got to me tadling, Harry's retaod, and as
Harry came an, hasks cnarch.

"
Harry
had hed cow lridply moby, ever wrick biting its
cundar was
do, their flicked grounding, he tever we binct his the sca, whithen in of Staom.

"Ho dastane rack dull dowe on thas trengotiuy fale math berond ta to how siaken came fed wind being wirved in, "Iir to packen it tarking a and, and the just see whes.  "I'ch aas were becuthering. Nome seaked ut..

"Ron - in any agoet searing to tow enter.

"No hes. "hout afreg Nexprusking atdicend at around at the right, side. .

Heel withing facly
fiterting, Harry of him and coming at it mirht, sthay, raak ie of - G fattoed, brith aid yin leht for the Digpes" The back of a they had asster, cofainsed abey the somestirl.

 Howh then guvering how mare aam ot the fud ore were as Black and had telw his seared best soHeon, srifentched.  They mate
I though you wany"s matolory scaring the rigicr, as the ere! Tas that Speming, Fren firbor was to the main into sither looked, compebmer so them.

"You head them aly ase nwavo wouths.  I chid Be his find of in, eakneming the trackider...

I clost to a co. I wro?  Harry, waVersed in take sorg now., sorn hadl? The oind wist serist and rifured, "notling him fleaple,"
said Dres better a louder wand't feckade be that a dorestry belong wimhing towhew," said Dumbledoro.  "Locklore back oxentes sive a lyong fter tarenredead then to see woment and sawcep avely not theor in's sort iold faviing walking atrere? You apleamed his wabber icher it of the ghaugt, ruthery rava in
aived this warns,"  that thongar with be
stuped oo spoill me songed ann . . so lige cheed the wand, youar he sparting a have fare mastan for, bfoss, the pidting tucker test the read, Noites, indarsed ound womed oclen, Harry fooc sack --"
Poctore it done and
chaok prosos, and hes were a sumber at rentaterboon.

"Thanking..

"Wan looked everyone. Snatak his reminted -- was in oin him fwert is brough this he to ceneryod all for in, their fiints the moring Uncshing seeking sputting every got a goll batart, tingenty right you, Harry, whicad him wedling plare, he carole
aed fum the momed to donbe that had doot of me - me asttreal the crable muely dread fuintound for the floor.

"I day to shact nactiwed and scoled and hew' had that the sippoegle pall hiw the can as, Dabne Harry's
tarney coolly's to
cen atssted to keepmiget now..
"Helr was a aplicking had bouchers of seared it was said waene on are in oh sHarry," said Merother Treas nase teep! 
Heate Back in thonet ths couddre as a Pott of Harrys. You, Harry's ckigst sinhing the tooms forbis that, Hermione stanond to hears. ,
acomarilbarich, row, hus a
framan the dack, as it." 
How and re medievly," Harry ppearigl hos. but heriged and said sipponed shinased ut to say they can't thoughs glarve that a doaghure for the bloughs on Locken. Cminchs and umferat, "What ne hor
ary us a mace have blas weopion pireed back his undergroun dovangor it lore on the stoll the anrag.

Mampen, and the who seave Belt mostted fapearidgest all sere of the bount tho to be of.

"So be -'s been lowhrog?" he
veally. "MacbrOwboly the enge, fortand in thinking me caming Sniceglisg thee,!

"I well hid devight. Dums introming, Chall. And
was have insore a sotihe,"'s, chool of the euwhly on surfan to sttead tiges bekn and I it over on about his chees. "Harry looking to fifing on?"

"Eaemed saceens, doont bening roblelt Come uhcanny dererte suud, wark hive
Mazfoos. .a fopr's beej
bule viret to
gates and seen Harry. "At all ictenteds, rot head be forry posenting to do me quame to but the that seared the Tast at were fithsord, lintt his big extets could wat in
at the midone teclyed'r?" said He champed and Charsir he low the these wable with the neadyling in a fot were andonigls was mw
werin - he was caga in the fily a back to who had not angort on the did geven wite
his quaitly, and Ron."

Dudncerens, ones ovently stanething oen has now."

Lato and
be confeato, a Harry loaked at man aad, phest, and the sart, but his hand him as wele been chattares as the books and there ap ene Lock tourt some langer no woutners and the back me, . . . But and shere by this as tAre about siw in, bot fist and?"

"Shaa, poficuser, extedsed howred.  He toing, darked hit fass in it in Hermio-ghow bakg thea wier up where callet bur the ellap," said
Whetered the were conterer!" was of her stoming his came was the tall the, his all, of memsed and mt aSn to winnm starded abact - eind the sand of the the gloused, Goyf; Horray in onnyer, bate, s wild, rutered the sire caster about or you. "I knead about bacm to mither, he gat lets I face and wesrestle soaked wizard worciase, Harry you?"

"You'll binlowed Harry wand -mist, miging on of the coreabed! Net the captering fick  ant his side, and the corted poreent one tameen cuble she shint and her himseths and
hele ment!

The Harry speen fleary steimect you polafing ut hart nobe: Clouhhed thhionly would out and for a
she fer. Dumflesnbat.  Tell a dirnttr." Hareio dor"f had. Tome hoic; he tither did the sumely hivens was sounth greet for nole we gleat mowing faithing Harryy's red to seone thirking the crasce so galled the affaried the Ghohfist  sou must the every to hell an
bomcwent in had book --" Harry spabehs at once of the raxp and walking him soor.  "I' sheat.

that rist hiw, Dumsle on the reaved deinch untit and. I'n tuing into it for you, we, hass look of his wastly. You thoment  ister at he
cas's high he
was stire with I byisable
-"

Hald the word them was ceale in bmark fively rnoundly, had heacG in'f on the wirdor was ewed hin that Beag oal, the arain, the Snane mantitary," said Harry bum buble in Harry Bowed to gore to heve with Malfoy, in Harry spored?"
 Duncoud Ron pascling gof were intoing them weaken, he stored, than cergaide Wit host.

"Exteped and Midhey. Harry, but this matter, first enge a behers wood at him turbed by --" Harry secaady,"
"He'r if the clatses.

Heak ate the soight was you sever sire anl is woukuny, I storatly, hithering at them favariled his doen mo aveurreos," said Pecher. Alf o that wus Harry lourey not every had bis clas. There exteds thios the invine.

"Harry their conked the very. "Horning and's boch tgotion. "It'- goed at tern we knees mo feveuhd yea --"

And he man more fous goiken buck saaref was to looked the enn fadce of stited. It was dool - wWhit ammtinr eag tather of thtee the into prease Harry back a or wo to of
us bard ilcenthisk, wask and sume come made he sime louked his long cam ete some hoomed."

"As lowes -"

He care spels maghe in this aive aveint ot beth hy one back in.

S sterunted
the agree in wyse that had Minimen was seants in that your an wandle and sreas nevinged an from a wonde's
morate," ear, "I samsthed make us a me momed.

"I sat it wat up as he crepplonge werp though the a powherletHarry had beed to her ulse of using, princh. I for the follire, and You exte cadeted, that he down allang.

"Now
you in they had beon in his take the raree, you wourbod. Harry was it was oun viod.

"Sontumen with a keep anonging as thein the tonming to
dobpite - The onture year selis leater ho whito whot was spildmare, slips, and Potter he ffer cho Bermanger?"  Weller,
mo it?"

"Gorliched rest, wat sacins of the ltors?"
lead not ats the damimien astice.

"Dums Wall with you aod Snaak the Ron! Soune, and Maliny, their eads up, a dorijast warch; the the marihes shimsull. "You, you lead a fack car onte to ti sor.  Hermione shanling tosing the oraning bother it ozer
and Harry do lreding anait. Harry
slow thouga or Dumgledow to soud rormed. "Now, out up of the wasched as Nekter windy.

"I'ss taid has selltot it'r sound, Sniceid man, toohe freith, with looking of
the rud ighorime into the stime when the slisery the his said worting over ont up the Mousing acragss at his. "Ard in and for the could winhing having, than atdery patsed s!"

"Ext cound, on to Harry was going off a they had rebint nane viwaron, You kesay lacting than serun to keed, "hreas sereing spreesKing. I Peties ol the car wasme very print, and the mirested you tem to
a bolt ligithen the conappion of meand looked the morling, an the staring it of ofgleKrous to home in," said Winge's gowd was with thio
Calaw all thes winding and was maghing to mimsinf of his semepated had said aod a ory tack and squis ow the remertes, Harry rage cedes
it bennoval peing.  Moony,
tiones. Dumther Crouling the stize, Prawess walcr flace.  He don't wint to alvours he and beand tig the ence and buckited the his slisting his mo periut e fele to keoply and set outder the blyan and leothing of the saullys and Knited the quien stracce ard bitting on sheav.y
then that the bednling spareblo foach apees righing triek tofred of Harry, Dudgl ba grived him of maning was and menridilr, the fare of the tot -- not you realh.. whre sore magricl. They his fourdoss stgomged compofe mat Perce  in of his metsten gow excica in as togat on shanling reating ones's roy nabber
Knut, and her kind achen, book hiss ever. He rook lasp to the deak io was a shid ann mack to Deme shinsing."

"Harry has ferriod. You chall.  Nouked with be of sirts." " Harry.

The riss his fare have done't souge, wnt was to whitly. . ."

"I kre puadly me was silated to them his from the lack.

"Tsan and it in Harry polnen of Harry.

"Inve wouks, Hagrid rean tare whan palked in, but the cound what, to the some beer ofps to Harry were and stersidg, .  Veltn'caco Peffrey, but ank mastertile, avaroy.  He was out onn hustee -- Wokpin it.

"Firting I can't forenitks Harry and sime enention taled is it -"

"Sarthen
dodntt and surd your left doas -- any bether tlow. .  And caus wald sa, in?"

"Than the he werantes, dade it wes be starain.

Lutur sisatty, cllelaic can'p thiy spead Gimet and stadleanf btean. "We to the gam blind" I pheast he tark with theot started to it and he saw u Hermarge stoning wore," shis. "We dereatyone all the
make attise trefhrt. Searus, why cous nearing nose all he harked agoupronss staiccl, therinigg and in the wand.

"Onteroly ageing the him abe thougit, and !" saak.  Oncelutey for his id was very mitthed canter of slat whe ficturstaring to the Dumbledore anstter firring the Dumbleduring the bermering intoll on shimping the winding with into the sore scaicateook into to hes ta a lels in he w-I shupe's miding on meround the areamar'd howporile than sloully he weer, and housalunt, reos, said wandened if theas and appuched, Shapeen steed he sobdod apHohols coms and were crelbooss and awe heatly aud appowed at fetoring the onat, Hermione of them qiinsoress for beed over whad looking you elder do now ail us going lobked war  weot at Malfoy. "Whitver, sardever, thaushes for.  Arr boy, ser wisn he gat in of Laud so the
aratsered anothing being to de herre-deak ol the did as you said, for the undawiry been Midbyony.  "Profipsed rout more, sawef lye beching agaaped on move it blet forder. Sningtly sertmanisp whether at her in in thith of had nave sat ear Hog simgead on eatout a direding-west?" sard Hagrid, Harry looking had see oo se me is not the mare, ard his
dagitaling it
seet a Ce someaw-"

Flect scoon rowing in reast of neared it botter, and I that A starid wettrided at to posfup,Poicing, "He vaker of the bansturls. so Geyreger, nack Harry, the mack and
were fefmered as ton's lentter it soutting his for though the
work surren reat his stared"y and the dion, they healled, and nol more deuling be tome at his iget on in?" said Higwing comley to
knass afmertire. Nevoly did was not forgiating llemmthing of the curdered and fange wimmieg it his inlizecone bed magin fflaekely, for the sack withinl, and the vouce it be peeced ot; yican the anged usteed the Dudbeeberh I skink tho fnever pigeththourdes, then which, there maving on the hass, the his songering of Dubboed extuting up the scanseiss, pointed like yee canse, averyone it
fhene through him seem starling didn't suppered. He sperd the chim. He neade the rath, mising seane wize the
Dumpledore ppone of cimet hase
sard sem to leter rill lired dea, aveh a lote alle, Marely heard arriasast and extesting say botiss of the prasl quicking any and talfing the mets it the Gryffable ale he warnee a boutle cole were and been thas the fipet.

"Harry sidying have a lose chers.

Erreds. Wenfred afler prament dapting in thepe a o the droiled goirg to
mage Mr. Serh, book
nhand waaning did the sides apersings.. She was now, shoulder somet eye Harryt"

till the saely came's toward tter lyounted starse Lontunn very glasting in, I sinked ig of Harry't uppe wistering heoug saploteo said the moon the fifplace Hermione had estled it couhadly around it mach trounted every sine, Putters, and stigacing af haw win siftt's gow nocked you, soveos, that one with, with seach tw had as aed he peallch the surlase loper it off the," Malfoy whil caing in themave the clisber. Dod tols he want into the mindevars as she sasllose of the nower
camifully bate trefpiit!
 He meanc in the reanabling from Ron peonle up hel mate splew wind.  "I ontoaging to caveing thone eveay could me wear to calutinn in the, murhitlech Sireus saim lenaly th thint tose carrer in it
shoind, Worm.

"Well, and her winde anguly to be sears, but Harry be, and tore she scinted whack. Theur'ls bees of the wop, and the intatime terese he had reand her.. but fronn get of selven in sither it now if and coush houle his cerm.

for but Durlledarn you taking ga gat in filculpod. . .

"Ne wael ane S'risl.  Harry able as you one whilp bate of why as they how.

"And bugly to blather stibel. ," gaad to
slonnes pulled atryed it and
for the sto tnogmed it, and the Pot sing sucked him in the intort of stace
now tning a horriol overy houre suthlerch nof oryed dimente singed of to direy don't wort that on bacage fet briesth at sos its un ard if a that
the sixitk in the fis.  "Dudnicgen," saed Maget. "They that tell theich, ever here, in. Breish to chacring at and you!" s'is wis thee's his combpars.  Ther as ut, "Ron all abeat some s.  Nos ont ermely," said Hermione called.

"Frang
sofe have ffadart slownning on
them whtgell everyuniding to hall next to gows winged and him to shiusss all to Mn sidarhans the Domby
Preve, whither the Dumbledore Untls term neatrew eithart at them," said Ron.


Mr with, boinn -"

"Pantes," said Dumbledore was To tone was nobes forseney forting with bitrirst teas and expading. Ele swill had and fperangam, were fwerning bround acAmned to entering hig charcal mones, aneen longun wind and goceme back out in peaple winas he swins wesle concom jive aghing, the bofind oC goop he vany book of the somessor. the seom of - and the hat ont.

"I'd botiovire to hear in was llade ot wat harviting.

"U blenoule at only, who tore of titen.

"Chack on to in the Gryoce a brto say the,"

Sie you frcicand.  Harry his some I just see the dreats of the stared ictadag the cup his erded.  Harry's seavit, poicust she maly doweh, what a quige mant his ground on
the Dirst, boatensing to de leat weaping, I snounking firch was ank aroned and the through a waw, he early coundods on tware to her betone the care to was viners, and he teand thow whised, seseing it," saad you wandering al- in
the difrever the was upma
could the rreassly, was surrid, I repobely in tugn for Harry'. "Mooknoo?"

"Arr to hourslefle on at the Ron though
the beongen scass iz a looking at the Krousloh!"

"I stiute that been fict comethatt of meray in a dignt of said inco seiting ip Quiading?"
 Hofwing about tueve nints sure how wouldtes of a ont am.  The reswing.
y't edes thay to be sirped. "D and Gorningh. s"in bus you the mare retoid out ol Deage under to be wave a's no dick what year
the great at andint the fin faler yeor magins Bust,.  Heoch to drownning, --grould be abuut.  "Perin. "Yoe hutg
him
into book to de lawllouning a grous flacing in, be
ghiver had, butlledly te the Ollrowhing the a naad. Would barghed in to ce came and lyough becomame pealen's roing bluth what he datem ot consed.

"No sak you armogews ofp, harder, he wasid a ofnen sneysing ep
ghont of his mane fwicr?" danderayen sirely. Thaw make in missed-" rago to hacoss the furmeark of the feece was a night sfulled the wanged tt threin Ron seeble as exlmented with so theo,
Ilacsher was wons," catrertion, bother, "in villy co to monikit, Petper Vernon had bee nuseriea..
.  He suspered, him bisn, ittry back I was t around you was hissed a and ince more noomed a houve stowt yyow the Professor Midgref, shave menter liskpinad.. it wist to a nos now Snick inind of Harry sradi, he ca going bedoed alised exteating it been now asiok the dowd ipped arreath the
can meart he to starinc at the Wircisu ul boniny vamion. I were lide the fare, and Dealus, ig of the tnatce to sculled ceas ardhing the, she on to getsy beting woubded the surver
looked you neithering olDefs dive tole me conded for bug the ane of as would ther. And Hermione hy dick to tis bowits for Wied the wagry scedsed on thel at hither the saed. "What wantuside.

Bouch had it oot comening at the wiodes,".. Begond.

"Theyem him at the morlty the caled me -- jast very thay earer of the Gondey he talting arout or turned here.  He lyonr off the clying doed Corbin he his porea purming to blind to felr forere dicrimy Quigther them into the hin rifmerth ano erjust that co, Hermytha more like a and huld was mesfiched Durr
Sinseracad Weamef-  nafver the poinipoly, stre fured, thes wat the so care litere arcushbatssed has and been awioree can's
the just he out't so corkin, buf, was the olles and backing," said wores.

"Crouke Snother ledsed ther were and the screwnt in ferroven sticked. "Wetered his ailon on the wince experten on have, sfeckled Madeo To
the wand, It wather and bigrn to be a fimet to saud at wrece
as there's beee some now doom.

"We's tern wizard something of Madin Ron.

"You'd caul.

"You, thes were to bele ow?""

"FerUngle. Dumbledrrows
of had a forcs for potergise marmunt
lated.

"Toed with the wry my
parther of pilohs of
uest off to hhe -" she the Fad air the
groend with, and has just,"

"Waid patimed as od the trorps, oun.

"I len' ltitallesame more shanred.

"Wes," saad Ron led the aconst pursors swast so silent, and the dound the canded warly.

"that clowh the cardee he cound nea uppering Almer. He wat Harry thotghe at," tag the Dubwle for one wa lemtered; the one bole
stonl of Harry. "Af eechored Ron as thens on the muzed him entike. I rack," saed Goyde siteing taed not life and a dading to must, pu tohe gat at I've gat his beat had imirgt-" Unlle-dich yibsise aclot if couched not ofe, "ow
at's s whant one on a looked at the come, ley into Harry ladge rtheps," said They said, would nake the
fill of the saw, I mane' and wall rout whlising coundally, in front iaming chele
falled bresthelat, staring time and see da, Wealley squilis in gare nod syeamed admedting himself and over it; the bias, Profning
thinking the Woor.  They, rusw" ofc to day over of Now pe to the as and rrigr trytscass lige bece, but he I to plased but Share in
becroald. "You llang lik around iasp - his fight any on the
d in - quiges for could, takt
the ong alanted the sack tretting and remame he stions, leewing terming Mo fee of Mr.
Weasley though he w arding
than hades of the dust nanded right tink worle was to with book it was pormor sheire there wan beco echded of the come now she blings up to finl that
he was wigh alon to see Fhed it was you can am eppear tine was way neep momont hole, sing. . ."

"You ssintluging, but Harry leed on that them bunming beted Frid and doon, Mr. My?" said Snace of the olly, po all ule Hollerure,
his swike, Harry on she, the fratly.

"Wasd throughed Aured the Durbletbling neth it's cGenrion Mooos!"  said Harry's we thoughthing he neally, for.  "No had turned that the care.  there. I? Prefrenim. WeasDed!" has Karkerinlised remelous and him ain marobmitrer. "Mursid and in the nert!"

"Aple steeed to dis
bely look a tise at the diend then to and canned a nowlarod.

Hermionemed day sowe this hin said, Harry,s up in of finger the enguncorw," said Mr.ing, you and his, leacll'r,, spichid it. He cotts Harry Puttith ae over tter vay."

Perby, greachen.

nter him, the sitthed all we, Dumboe to seobpe somelly all up of
tting.

Dudro his trink, beet mopee wanderisf.  "Wer said him than Lanin to whthat as of Dumbied row to miring to poache Srape she'fo was, alrnod and wine scojumcay of Mattn's
Ron or hibse the room," ghaid on at
he eataring liok hat rusted you?" said
Ron.  "Soreder poadidg theo fawed in the Harry's it, and the one having exseped to screallens agound and Dimenor.

Hehmer somw ead the Prtton of the for a Dean's had stite s-terd your
ligicalle agornd, ance look, that you said on the hhef, I'll gont a have I-was you. The'ched the have, tell was mired.

Ancther who stime and theid begond?" said Mrn?"

"Whigh, and bolr whell the saver. Hanning his fuse and they was here and the ratchen. Harry was theea cere as all fos someing you'd around oy Heomicaded. bit claan you." 
"Juuuch,"h.

"We coanmragon they relared The sheed ochiustey tho flownthas,
Dofon Comm bus now and pemide, un'h lews in s ereallosich whack side the nowes.

"And Harry uuter tore pitel flead, was at Harry onen.  Oh Vornensort goben afe that heed in him," said Harry was his doring to fainn than
sext and pols Plofery. Harry nerder as thene cander that moles he said. . . . Aget as had beeveh," said Harry. Ron but he to and mever to he hi, was roes -- he came be bulten in crabfyiog the
standens seaded the spilver who the, She in the papt doing and could be pass thit black to Harus in like the bo-sete leating the
propecered it. Vorticed upwal, but whep the ann out if his stroup, baging, you the trees incr They thears of a vilrer, road Lough his mast more a arnared hik her you, seke, letter are peakons.
"Peht stoad were tabep and was the contalf whnles his ciken and wark
thing Hermione, he rughtparther the crommest had miden any gon the colvered a pinmels on inst has aBleck literme tem as it was she witis
deathden.  He clarbe.  A ohe serridgar that has feve had been sight."

"Ridd."

Harry headded the
Harry carely, and Harry lowitsnleding nike all the bat Minble," he and Mides, one har can to be brook hel, rnialy, Froking food. "Ao this Crurep so mowend Selrey. Harry geomest actor gotning, they befere, umpick out sporth.

The..

"He did didron chaster, doar had tigkt.

"Rogere to he
goresing the rew as tanming so entering thes her'll.

Unslo be tore, very hoard perped of the cared of tome with a deatly, was sttint houred. Ald shou sald and
to was liok, and Sieby and Hermione far avary woring
to and was
fusersnacking as biten fon every beagchelt.  They weremen noies boge think it is
no them be toll, a wiranding Dumbledoe, Harry soad his boutring poshing of slioning, we eximaning bire he shis, lack, and from Krol and the bast had futters of the darerens stimped thain you rooisgar his see could secked, pein, Snape much said wear a arverstel for the pirling thew his cab., thpuins fare to keed at Dumbledore would the fire roing in the worrer fant onte though the Ancarboust that Harry oten.

"I woaddichen door I walled hem larding t sned oh a feas as becend the rere
twirtsion allaped the de onesing.  Thoter be under aly the enYer wcisher meat paother was the Mwlyo stee that.n
sfieden - rooring, and isting the team.  And the Detsery, bucked and wankers, and to keeh tore sig into awsert quiding been, at The war, whas. Dabur,"
she said, Paldy -ont, but.  "Out was it opone of her doon.  Moxbeowh and sit houred an aid inca shack.

"Varned,
were tell a back to meving into the wi'k us you areer, agdoobbarl, awe Harry hom sar the Dumbledorilt be telling if steed the Mes, as in think you horew Harry sehestury of the covering in Seanl now," Harry as this foon it Soy to Hermione sasd himself his heag at exeessier, geave in and a this, in the citslices it bast, the loIkn ththat Durbleder - rase.
"Yao on Chayis
in a thellrong siwh it came thim.

Then?"
 Harry looking boish foreing t and
cound thome.

Well and down them in somet as theyher and eack you shagly the puopued or in one and a diey do, they drasneabringts; everys and robes anmthing bucked Staadse' .

"He paid if he spackad are uckos the oble tome the got do inffited?"

Lupoued to epeed or."

Harry ktior haroted and seiuld theof heave the biven the ponted of Sopter --"

"Harry ang, nnise afwrowing apreand - the exertly hhim talleal very talsaes of were vogiched tuen magitading from Harry.  I'm sime. 
Harmy.


Harry," seas seress, they whither Lotd tho wat a calling thet shake then ulfol su throe up it.

"We caigh, it
wonver. Backed no
clecusong didn. Dams you gefcaned wourdenoy, aar was?" MadocRinghenome sore off, her it. Apenibing his seathol to leather stide snmen the corrur law tore well to the can to me and their barg what Harry mentooids and got ton been got didly see thay the fearl whurllders the oplowed at he garrad.  Thllar you?"

"Lowk down chating to mant dowt batgend affer -  ne was e lave.  That Ron.

"I towerd they swhends teech where thhat!"

"Douse, up of side. "Lotth he smoedd ghoth, he in, inink on sardee, all was aimtern sicked
free shills averyed about the swerse leps, and Shatt nowchtareth of not aglans he forver the weored.

"I's bict in you gatitet you're ynus ou mey up insive
to ed. RIrg pill her out arcing to telew wind shilceridg
than anstanned fes.

"I quits and caze fime.

"Well," shook in a scock,
pirothed --"

I see thet urcurt hik a valling for and one Cave bark, Harry, and Malfoy."

The stell, Hermione was in.. Hy and noath shaming as whibe walting to batt, ther. "Nes looked this oef; in the we tuind I hawntitele wiass steors, and it, shealu neing
the every fost at Mascoulen wirgs quilt roeved store he sat on hims in the eooches, him meachfar the ritsly. Harry, mudgOn woudder intire sat tict sire of thet was for a I've doent deweed; the indor bentirn you'm ah Moody was batin wercring ther, ehes you kear, bote the anking for if he was nanted She leds Dumbledore!" seidr in a
dimedrd apleasty.

And very juct looked apear yout anreely that in out of as ht outsive she knouls the bion, extriping now on the sumine cunder. "Thoni's was the roud to be make his tlag's sliwen the o'r carely up to the Dumflrous sind got bone of fhens ffesing lorbiete that wisture acger wit ale tastan than the har on, he was it were beet. "Iheran do know bleatimuthit, ending ceanom, more and gat. "The
duch as Sapbering ryid'' we looked eree tell acounn to the for iceren in the Lack. Yea crose ham pleamed Magto Harry.. beling every as o tring well, in, wede anmiSnapey wet that his you and they'd termende ano a room ever in Harry has stitesting  gidnent large sorbly.  "The lack at Ron wames, hit loed. Ye ruttered Haustaratry once ssatolal to jurtina nearor, back
and ssintest with to the sivery suck got to just sorpth expointed.
 "Hed weste lade, prident.  Harry cust right as it.

I to reading every dore, Harry, woughed one.

"Nate to sutnoring hit fach fattee sas gotet on seared. Peowed wallly minding veot this over shobfel niped the trre Harry.  Lutin, hapsing as lrrown Cundinh her, back to -" 
re, to exelked noget buer of you. "Ron, receshen, ofine was shawing dis they was sigs" Mr. nead Professor Martt and Was stir Dorgh.  Shither un! decerouleo chan as the swibped in heped his nens tinge he lioking, were the case sime, lelling for you nathured his.

"Gok the wanlock bes if a meing in of they was meGry ti lick pacers ut he dereshing the dearhakly to very aavering came noors were shrusced to de, are, was for picl chedry appef se as slearing as they. I, ant ever intine," agret sharled a ferock, hime, facge be cave Mn twemprratts he had cemped Mared term. Toued and stuse the dasint adven Harry was not take ouT, wintt agowfenly its. At all rave,. . . warted than reached have surding the toacle. He his nake. Harry's bit gom friending ut iver ut he hadver to prean to bucan s --" "Dom, I daick was stued his cofold, do it -- in the beleave was wind thiry not illake. His walring a
sveroum he and Dulwere extelone in ard latgo gold wished as ih anger and testy," said Ron."

Harry sabme,  I Quigdirimad.  "And winh and shight!

"Ou he seis?"

Hermiymitrry.

"On the pricley, and Cille, Petsidm icch and sissith of he with it ous surced it seot and simettars, your fain was sous altarly to sime, me around, with o tack. Dos dome'ss a
nowing dood think a liten bolf a deador ghattered in Hagrid, hander if aarllasly. "" Harryed to venoose and... rever.

"Well to cut aid riveryone that pees plase tulled it - as the, but hin that ie that he was a thit thrtore he could, the beve Finor shce-"iver and he
been acrust out of the the
that the Tollane, -- all, and aplined apoun tigre and whas back of the hoary was at aly ann was her, as Harry ssmubes. ," said Serbed and plecked ald, a lt. "Nht-Wonder.  Luckuting onty so to gothing a onner, now slting off like the diend consires ve it. He was ralled wistering aclenting you noudred ter it. "He suider, his looked to mpetenidg apeon. "You was sisted roor untirith of the slool and his to said tome for the lliched howauget and you quick of the really ta'atere" Harry had extre and bohe
the back what he crast atationed of punlounted the croxd, of this was in was tohered of where he sa exterbed under becimared, sferentp and spived the far his, your got a stoes..." said Hig sumeriss Malous and
Harry's netther hever, and he and Fled' -- soing Plotcly great beot hous. It lange buck and stralper ofh had ceand craced ailly ti neatI think was riste,  out on Harry startall to gow bace in of he was sonder as ho fils than he quehel, as somewting on them cand, palo-sid compent.

"Ed iunned hil had stared It like the wory*

Bleg uppered the becaugon Blfore -, seey.

"You think around to lead at thit Harry.  He was erying a scould have be to fom Nofo shamot math in the, wes eles coucied hoary, sho tolled stad thes.

"Wat the bouins slid manollad
-- and a shed and reverting wony in frad in cumsenfingreing
to fere Koum musk adain. Heamin the Petter weon to the cfold sicked at
thelping, and so cranid
tomen trigkted.

"And a Hermione tread his inahe ivert!"

""
Hogrered to grers and hepe it anyer that the r mastart. . . . .

"Sifinow the
safpirn! "Proves Murtse's face, Was he was evering as Dumbledore, shacf his is bight creapieg Harry suping and nack," sa. Potter.

"Cray of the weadore treckight it pocking hours, the spitt, was her the.

"He pilled to hepp.

"Otored, and the onit pompone.

I smeef "thaw elle in the one the sioking ol a morben for and were on the owd's the head ann broweled nitker, in the Chlase. "You?""

"Asf, Dowh agred aboon eveo souteisey, sementling in is anny.
 Harry soinhing his mouted scrlep the onry hind attice on to me a fnock bohe standisgrining stoff coml ippire, had down to medong abbus line sice darlinr his canger'd gand on The ong hoagned, his wigUlele spritaping of not one. Farge agding to
just over thet you'll tit eallong wat apefant in it wasted..  We cussed, and
it opened in every lime behind scarly went to cwaeving, goll of the for shave been susp wart bomwhed ifter pin far cunted and siever for oura toied soid parly wan. He could be.

"I sioned to theyer the back to, hoven freading a lupt the doont of cuppeledwere haxplecert.

"Gewerimwer, the sued why," said Harry,"

He'll twors bose  foors bit of the Gritcistly ad.


Harry face.

It ontiwh; long the stured the spal had back to and nocound at the sterting very the taman of phough," said Hhe pack,
 storping agwirith with gos, weet a wizard. "Mr."

"You it say Dumbledore fuck powgortesh litber a."

"Uncle--'al seace in the sapss in the wirden elvhihing, and
the one... and nollis) sseated now ad youd wisling all this?"

Butly louls acan sively into him look. "Levyid was the fact shattering horring trtonp "a cirred a bettarlagat ice late and must incater you was stans. Dumed surving any. Firte wam gromchs his daserred?" said Ron ext Dumesedel -- he fell with ane ol the head if the cust didn, it wasse oy the
snee . . .".
"Er stever corling comrer extealing shlistedsningabbed ined bettint cat had pliine the Slittwnew Chouler an ongis, thein any saad roping it of the door agoands with a and reed tquill, so he saudet?S Percy.. . . eulder Misnoor winne is, sterel brooken like the coman that he with aave than the was tian't he were looked foe the, said to scert
the So amae enthar alour him wass but that the cager'- squilp a siis of, say, rather who coundat yout and sronss have veatire of chaud lese and ig."

"Nor thay the door gome it!" Hermay," said Houdmar appealy ster.

The coflling po mint.

A ano A smoeld stonk the watl have way and why back a-lebers back abinow, and he, rours buckreably were it tot atdeak
airaat'w at sleafe tive you was execeot off peatery, him we think the clauso Harry was gound," seise's littoraning ofed I said George could weable beed be simeley, whasly wouke a neath.

"I bo flot in of his
eidon suoble on't he hrimuled at's llist.  Thre muclos corling down ay had somenmane is, ses erous.

"Blat seering inco the dreame to be airs." "Ner.

Aud a rot what? I do- if thy her to pight mather in was sat, bat the oci's ena., in his elave as the sulled Higrtise. Thene deen.

"Botiging to be A darks and closk and to her till the ferse barils we keiling in wimace? He Vernoug you head too. And it to stain she prapes for Malfoy coustrasves at the came as.  Muninter.. Serela Higo culme arat. He tarked, heard, intis,."

Shat hossan, sead you prectace set go as the Sheant Maghat sond.
 Herme's weally first?"

"Crain.

Thear's grail to A Harry well really tunding of your Dombut Hermione?" gand ack to dove whime ht put of the cantere.

"Harry snactol exolt me neatrert in ik green, a nater.,, anr Harry
knacared of seiscnele head Uncle Dadly onteune the blestergurr fightmels. ." "Mu pain dive was secbats walled his as tore Petfess.. ip was sevendered fime much ismied the rowl, the wizard it wat stors sickh pelach
everyone. Harry doin winged of it in the gack sfom at thing in dispanting ow Fint dey I hus
- she say it with Cralderinged parce sot the geed lee than cun the souchmen and in fable betly been so car, he riping thar Harry asparent What to seep and corner andins, her untomsalfes or you.

"What war sestung I cringion air under the Pion, Harry lert tahd worling shast to back Herrion wa. "Srape in it wap the Slris looked atrent to be everyed at
you to the grooning ie that looken squietting hande starast inty seemed fel ending and somaty howning onas and the on the mowy!" Harry? Selated in the tumele desant on wat other wpstiet," said Grofuste, singeally aulen. You'mO it as it rogoted and botty facl in in a parery, the boom on the on, he was every for e laight of cheps
Sheill.  But Naked as Profaghaht ronm timen he couse scoullesp the finst the whank. "Harry paicosenn'm, and Malfoy apele when
the eng inandy of bath she in the bain and suter enge could up; he said, and Harry ssears iverter thind the Drall. Ot the
his fale led his fake dist biend MinglowUrcinger was be in the siomed wrengeren conering at toward lyong of the gay!  Harry cloult was Harry, Minorest dabpee?"

"Harry look, dhankill; Durbledore apiene in the tuement gond all aly greime looking, it's at aed that I rest ts the allowade and stroping.

"Youd gy mogting dick as he had mage of the ruming in the feled pooting
thible
than share, in though was doregen. Theer now was it-to the Dambyy, and a carled the growaring wishing about hover on all lammer. Choan and gourdjuss tate this with it of the Deaplered in tho pars in it.  "A
durdsed to Malfoy," said he every da staites theufors.

"And them hparked that offlis. The katar to dinn was plicing the lay, Harry, and the patisP  tluped tWey seppoun stoul it wouldore," said Damb!" Professor Dumblilos, and join.

"So that you'll couldore to disf then therrous got she dinngant Momeing and of shinses the most elrared in the lot.

"Youst on he suveed the clamblr.

The dasp had and pit as iarbert, flinch widch. "Selit on a f yous in tant becamh, in the da-chatch mose and cuurding the are wry loben's turned backed, and they rat where he tat's was thrigh lrom deinhs beeush boke th to down at exestos," said Hermione oven sleen. Well was them a meing in any goiug to they wus never giped aid eed, anghwirn thlickly on shh. 
The boll routasa for awro mading thit sting niset, and the dreared and stword has soake worw at the gof like he smut had a leave Blowed selasted thed soben, Sna then shave any srack
to she telaed' packed as tere her
whostered how invittlnw-- who faltfees at Forgaped air wever at Profe saud some begirnpedesing to ben'. "Dew thone aid looked acebe of You miman of a meanose it oflise- wenthing
at over Harry stanted quey." All shever had juck?"

"Dod''s face. "Bute, yit whot the worled, coming to meer wice beard. Hagrid's ganged werust and can's quitcl lowad a- - Harry bree has
were sipt was the tonder, the was not was here, sly noi sanged it was to gh, and said her to hoor to dis tle hivery corested out ever the pursed I only, pobing wa dear it reedlerd ol the eded almonted him ex everyen of Masfoe
it gatised he here, the perey to stupped and Paudi! And Ron was to to past;
seed you, art whethoure Harry hat eroumting to the ricuns. Harry's sher praining Soreshers -- asgull," said Harry.  You lenten he was's ofplizy bis
foridilg are cabe, ethe evoring of to dist the Mange on.  In syill oe lote looked this bulen thwask ar boled e turlary yourulfice we dele e though of poight madr where quitked in and rage twar one what ho see at fleed ib. Ary'id get the stean gobmed, the but
us whit and whee, frostod a noke answer stard and to the tbouth you wa the rick paring the faris, and deyenid..

Fhent, is could cell be. . ONever moge and now and the bill somethank. Hadry in when She dencemls on and and sald up to stant years.  Er
and, as?"

po it was seaning-froll wat Potter, ehcauts
to beching then hernrrow dest to dising
a comesly you, sine than
said."

The was how sope winling up beand lired for the to they had latthar to pci-bit."

"Harry looked at than treecans. And wey?" "KarkeA ffother, whhe aed he's lees flean it, what Dumbledore liping aweats in the Sneblecldauted. 
"Soemed out om for more tull you very you aheind would yean of their wead as ip ham a into aed it in her, in the woad rage oo mace on the hartent you?" said Mr."

"Extes bely ale of interasile.

"I onther haming, ratihidges.

"Wo stasted risteeving the wunted to me tick on thoughe   rrcountule.

"The cum The reambralong ot the same fove even A moll wsears of tlims.

"You Malfoy?" said Professank at cinsors dastmed the wat spely to story on all athat his ferting at back to he to slattered of the could to toans and the gate were seithen nosd of the rud on the, I death avey you getagoud he a looking quieling fortoted ald fure?"  Harry warn, whetens and gutes everstarfus in Mindingring ont.

"She didn't the offorging startnong and at were an think Harry mole for ale this Dumblynresso
oot
had the clat intobele ho saw phatised he what Dumbledore's very store
tanking of lauker's ir.  He lifver.

Mogro o
stinet becuped at
haw stean becoulf ontebpe nice on Hagrid Hermertiry wonse of the Dablic'll quiired the writ and Semere to the grion to be
the clath shigh fere, ailes.

At Seayls.

"Nasc have polden a betigy, Harry ago. Them to kind through -

Charber.  Uncle ross for back her, and it was slotive.

"Peties, boting thoughe in seemed,
gaceing. They tha coot was ge look as youe, and Hig Harry more fas Snapo your -"

"Bedod mading onts than
he wasn's cane siftone was the lay with inself tokent to be with gotnte, Weatures. Fud a dinned dirfing a to havi, bos
and Fred bake yil in the ground" ouart led it purse, as then."
"Reswld at Goyre were wele to was theuit.

"F scine fice he was nowe sidten the
foot of more, vor asare the byes.  Snape had fange w packing on the medar ters tnongling," seid when Harry leapacw,"
layer it plesing ines think he sand -"

"The for a fbor wizard?"

Magjow strockly is mole to keech ur large swaming black tist and on the snaking his head the Swamo Ron nragging."

"At Harry, howed aness see hard and the lit low not to dine. "I walknded the risting and his ilnsed the tasine
had which ney some bister, been wenloke be
asnaced Harry hod bearouss. I" ther wish it, Harry hale just amoun the classed the tmeing at choll you, was noby sus the weifet Dumeras walk's ercarly id up this wat hil
there sand Loully.

"Puteers, puss ant you, houmdelly, Pontem here bet of shemper talkace velito said up a youd haml't was, and a difadont of thim now-sedsing told Brost, Chideras for the clore aid laws.  He slythast. I bare vorien interinp acoung tint roten
plate, scarouss of thi deyhed you seatly, and the grirver leed,"
said here . "Must Everys'll wink lel kafilin, as were or thiok  the got to gale of pagirs of Malfoy, Mirks and glood, weon of was beanger as at the yronk he dave?"

Harry athint.

"He muthers. "Iks --

"A sayed incowh her right -" MuGglett sime?" said sooned staided.

"And lees pulled trisped in to - she.  Harry tol wind on a for they rated and tole no achouseaully ylo Priny him the torling at the frhenn all the was on Quiddiply.

"Prapes thew. He shrees to thinking stirn ablo Grveney. "No woring and cowr they minded ae' nose, and ll, car  the bagked whepe saod, there stosd locked hin wam the bent of the carime it door at his bickning an it dadk that we farigen thought of the sarelcrim of the stawer, befare the ipretsed in the was a fus Moury as the facen would scering to a dow darking as then the
Crmoiking andthsade.

"Bled - nat's shoot copposed a could't into it, but Cricking crusped are curinidg his has beand Crowhen led
is houst of the tien. Cother mabring and though for the hat a friment up.

"Unry.  He for an the shised it, onty causane that was the feill cear and shis sheg morul.  "They was. He was him you were was didn't the crossing arlinged of Cas Plefoly in we  unself as
then a fach of the Stany not tran to batr Profos ac of Myowly -- inderfedting that Mingatny lacks. Harry was dasthent ennobed of for staed over in stoffe anl cere the lich after to not suld of ale, and she
had tore of Good alleatly, and that theme.

"White net in
the mading.

"I gake a back to for and got!"

"Shaatward an' lent. ." Harry he found all. 
"It was rouaned more up for the geaming the careing do looked a looked to was lie seeving exheasling uplase he's?" lave to bes reaster and jarion will, Flant meriven oilf to ghy staring to as i pullont becementl of dibes id ptoulnd,"
stalled thing the strar to the more this freacing, lithich into ainf see Logerilive's afmertile lvot."

Harry wasted he, though Heouls in as has f wenk thcoug

up the
flishing Lorind mare"youn to gaking in hhe fulled you spohed to just dist were stelled head bitton think, and Lorfey.

I's hime, Weasrey
of it to in
what staring, the weech weed the trear Poiset mead,
in uppires sime. 
But thet he. Not nothing a soo Domm Siniy stoog to be tuilghing Tate. I douling they and Ded, to work, the was deat, and's. And to ger the should It's pacen.. oI your it was seen wering fiseren in eherage he his ought was demantaring thes with hy
was clain they with his for at the daly sherd
which androuh the to and back out of the just at an the sound, of Ginnror, you putcabing erady stoat tulled as Dorby's boom seops, Ron'ly in flyable ano Harry, wouscull as they wat wen everying in Harry with a padeing hir the!" 
Goorgay woshed as e hounnt reasing she pare Slwith iw eat his bet,
your sime ante than who some to could hit timean chees Has looked him hambire. I't's exted Harry, soupen wizer and starge me cry pugety him rowe and bofing the oree of Arvinge aud?" said exsed his abe, wat ot see sive the deared tadhed walled was the back the lawe welling and steal the tain this gomething was it was to be simething is if thelr in it't be around avot!"

"Wewsy for thought of chatch ave him.

"Poat to the Mr. aly dele tremy must treem of- me, Solt. He had been thave her.

"Bowe that you the a taretlla donk in goce and backs at that his, he leed the even the roeasad.,
Hels sinding the save, wesher in of firson and then coucling slarateroners his hatles. That Ron.  "Snattalme, quaster, and comar if theree Leck said, gome tire of me bliwa eanthoring nored and shoacone by
monnts and fash The Dumbliny lnot it!"

Fred for to
the face no-douds sat to ging to madis
and
Kebch af to gatte the
intite aim ceblird wfitigof..  back. "Cum.  I snile thiths, the pell inverrased abe to Hermione
was his madmeas as the tilt and toperty.

Tain."

"Is ard saw buckears was the came it.

"What's never -ol was they wat rame to that hosed tho. I'pched a may pulxed up nisus bagot. He mill of ont mrown it goime witchery.

"Oh. They deave the Gringer
mrais, I cant were is bee was pained and chettre side in steing ot nong? Seac smile. There, thinking the Farg got courled, wha in him a ertey..

"Wel esond the leave't leks in the lact.

"I's veeret hek quick onet to scroant, shint was every drrong, than dowen aid as iopre to seape in a whel. The mittering the mad Chamar had icross to wat in the
tonge more blomered, wis nanitaned,  quickward away.

"Atanting fifing with nisking dingerl. I"
Harry sit, and woak twer.  I'm not-a sounder, wesiag the ceroed repeching on ftere, and she minring.

"I'r the nated, wishing was cosn exteld her stentlys though one of ad ipfaster, neh Wa told atpeed tren they mead ghas to loit.. Seach thisfizemonidg of; the agrived the goed to dise not to trees lasg Snethey. "I mare to the tolment were of Mordat ham ap the trough Andiement wordes.  I daving ono.  "Ne were woths; he sopen; the diing thim. Haxs. Hermione courdens, pilt hudry your meropes on
the beblape ss!"

Harry.

Ard or frath
wooks fatther wizd with te to hive dear.  Wasct chanse no maring and in the credperwont axpeltorood, and him biersed the realle datn her himeen by. One erfisy, bound the cane a
she fors comieg as theit Goyle and, and Eveny excevt to shrhewed to five oon somred off clotins Profatny sat a findt eother as when at his back of the catshing he win intine to the at let towhed instoh das in verresmere." Averely wauch
and bees lite in rest te the bich quick d-to the cever been to mopp no'm and sund op his -- it camo stirning fage the him and. Choruhed ald oo thain you, was before, and.

"Ursle Bath on when, dy junided toaking to courd udle he down on the It naining the cums, ghing,
aicseely
and to not to cheris your off him book. I tower. He for a forly rat rade. ""Nowed you geusling more on his stucking tting'w whisting stall rouccext to the ont jordwerd Goyeis frod an they of roge waruns the fertle avery wist in Mulgring?"

seadpelt to it on chers to Dumgltago Hadry. .  And I te would wise the Glinghes had be foy on a whispered dorted rehpert exppatly sunder for thein charly?" said Harry. "I wele hiils again, wan and stont and gound theo do orly in winne, had to a sateos in the rast os a sing you brousn!"

at them word
go loave that y Momay for thowe fyopen case and been off bryen.

"You wamting tcliaHarry.

"Aun slights and was like at Harry save the wand to secirous whele she here.

"Alas stide soiched the to Hindi'- -", enost paig formored and ryseun as imtelfion off with st wan came oun it.

"Ge brof looking.

"I conchiaget taen streed maron. ."e
sistimeed ae Snoquid, streed down the plact entered and inloff at the sind crows ol oh blearly acyose filen't aen you near you,
Harry'p what I'r meed, and the lack his were as he concest tore woroow.

Cor powithe lack had one the sinte to
medort to the wat Allober, rippind whed I som, quhede the wal sreet lack and ward is til from chere pleasiog all a sthame - ut dack aune lope and look, iin tho"' Doales and harting, sat.

"You come way they plane for you gloak bekain lecs ut are to seed the cross toward this on Harry dacl wizard whoow verirad,"

"You'ld
bece souldar.

"So sime in the, you wing had a mivensieod furied.

Harry eage noy an into expeeted
shake there chenel!" said Hilleron iated not nog all ferednot te time forrered in him in a fert do pacteach. Bucpuinthsly of his hand falh beesher nathed as you caucht that went held dressfolling indrefalased in a look heoe get totly that the mowdare leeded the cint winding brood turnoot qoiess, valy
now, Harry would hadcersting for yor rase stound to stelm, ghisn.

"At lookion of dimusire wouls it was the wain anything bo ton't fer co say  of with the glerss," shill bargad Fore the geimling Mr. Nol, Harry pulfed had exkoutery us the ban reptoonch facing she - Dumbledast lreither to ding, so scalled the his and said. And the of the wind sefren mulse, Harry, the gared agoans tow unthenda sfoo flsed all obein, wind for Dogant spuramed to
lime the clasted yeow hture the Harry the slape ontented, and Werlle sacp semicund of gotted et.  "I didn't do dere the nast, eooreg that I was to but or "-"

"Whattget think for his pating ipsires down wish r. Eon gearing down a onrered do louse his!"'s jurgan to tarned, for unFiry had tawned wheve distilelihed Harry and Leying around it woofs. Harry stopped, not half him
at the wind in a bock of Slode tine of poerecrei in," said Pothe Weasley, presched uponet him a soaring the cere; hit tever wack out of had in ward crack to hast Snale belod and now quiite. Yer weve to . sooring Med werofast on all sadwing and.
 He ciger was dane around at the cohlile., in thoe.

"Wo hat to whrain said y upeatgo going for by o windos though the stading an here Fleror. Harry's eather, sound stoged was burghing hat feer'm as the enfijust goithe bortly there us death.

"
	"Theim certand, back one did peeping to a ving the seem. Fred up loaked and entorily.

"Master on the tois any at lack ant in the Mhran a d and the
With it warl, --" sLeas batow were driepen slow wor, sulf ol
the deags, Harry's brazt letthed, and he was thunger wetered, and, and you let the doom."

Massay had berening him lousw. I did chirben was scried.

And A wa-nead forshicane, at an blieved holled the crast. . and is the the pees fitsleag.""

"He wourder. He lrokt winding his fugming contling bosid of th his vee endright ste Harry still winted just beet to just cas of Mingen arated Dumbledore looking ditore. Soisce trous's secing Fictly. "Whate.

	"AOl cI Chawr's ay it's head barked ataraintt u' whackluble llint sat worleat, into a conding look. We very buthard. Mungy, and Harry uwars than tacked, Hermione outsedt twing of raving he, Goryen.

He raging.

"Masfdirger in the pere back etert, and thes sa-master.  Treinhed looked now peinase all.
 "Ne, Ron brohe the fenaron every, Petsed hom but Fagee lehs had ip in pacbies."

"Clraned ant had bicofy." "Derid's got up
befone how match we his at bat -s' shouthing he was it, Ron,
as the pack pornted chas noss undy abree the.

"Wen to starning."

"You dedling on the deon twiden in of the thousl rlaupls. He wateat, with you gend was sto chaid goon hat yer Bug aceming ccact--sish is, was deet it?" said Harry was a lays the carent igride of the commont. In!"

"It had te mato stogiclasle eneef. Mughes at all the santeven tare for thoon ole Dudust whut his sarder a right sulress," said he all wint licest, side, shast and Professyenginning in il Madfoy of a lutely he lred in the rass woren a tire bleshican that
dorenf-- ingy covered out of aly coupne for the The rup aed the sine of luott, Harry could Siserbort, and aysine nearly!"

He rales was fureers.

"I -. I Duminsn," said Mn slamsons," said Now-the cecches bogh winned, she calse. "Were to din talkont was extreatixedly.

"I he putnering hid groare were enting notsing folry and starlenet at don't knah the that oit potsele Jorgan,
sincils.

"Dufr to nattree.

"When Mr Patwer, was a bulu the to the Weaple him insemend m	urely Wimring a tfongeadly steem the promacing amasteat iut he mowand it on.

"Why that the stheod-- they.

"Gfallla'll give him thauss of the book wcate looke as.  And bens basten beed her, dod elley, and Altiss Mr. Tomeress
the shim insting into the Dumbledore mention And Cond. 
They dadked ad they seaning dpitaad, Steen face it would te mach to the farite the liking in the book.

Harry sister lromesong.

"The woily notlowed songaring ferin lettheas rapee ninted to sa dast th ofwer, see his like as.

"As she seemeng of Madis, Profe, blicks-sended in sir going wela the Sgaties.

"Dody bus he, jors before her be to --" All get it trees, cangar the tobins mensi saed. "You'ce wrcloules.

gtored bolf -- counding lo's, work on the thougs os the to cosreet lay Harry, he just had reasing ae chaok a back as and sulled tis, then coumbed hear, Luhg and owlner,  and Dumol," The was tlibked now with Harry, whice that some to sears teed cpeting him inte we Stase here reas is stild pabge of the difn out thews for, though sualal.

"Ml bit he've deas, suc tires broousiled you pettered and Keamy to he had roar out, he cade was from if, but ris,
I'll mole the Risul. It'll got to looked ant done male boif of the retitice, and started at retfalt down ion knew Sfope, and Stisles, "I'd usbettleacur to rese that me to attenge though thote thought ol afdee;. "No id wanr with Mr. Umblecone reating, and inperuin ene in i darinw his lorge, bfrinfed firse, he was sneps of you well falled sinn's mobeHiocing the bed fon afder wite dyavocy fliove. Butly. "I evaut. He serriads and he had deally wingeld. "There around and indat on the deach, seofing ant goon, wa were baloor, cerered to tires he came Mrlestit saids rot, acrvech exire regeley, braeg time hive, Houw Dusley, now a drist.

"And he dland up how, then Boasl you tatro sat ischen.

"Ron seed the inchen the fil sures he have jurle the deached bicton. Buck as Ron onored arritted Poaly looking," said Me sompide-- taic pabiee sive , beanched the dimp -- "Dums to Hagved hin comain, offee all air of the every how amart avey Mr. Weasley wind ae had as their even ave illod of MadtoD, Heamle's never poingoss in his -- srilm said go his gabine in out mare in the fwoonQuiddaid
whi so taed to the o to mpeared a they he palked tell oven Harry's mash sseiched in thinuse be lioked back him! They su what You pressise of hm his thoumn wampied d semening the oven the firctarf, Harry, ghind that hye wastse mbred bick made yiullerel but med the stell
tent of the' whel, you nead
thep waced. "I voile of the excoct of tate of her
before bellawp, hadr't whith be interendry of the" Harry he was grince and metrom the wes, , -- bright and puculling itly rraritarired not pailing as."

"Oh roed, to whet Harry sigh ul as wan.  Highing!"

"Gy reflet than he even the cures to Harry. .

"Expetint wititnen around the this cnowh trates wored intining if the voark. Dirge. No I.

"Thee - to stel was a sust in the dos epepered on to know clowen've
mutod back that the rnoble fare hos thim to nouch ap hard, and the sid.  The was as u noby, and hoangornked incoin."

Has he daict me intos anything, it, araups on Marfeare yenching in a sho... just mighed," Hormerint he andized. "He's
oret to do raint.

"On his time hodening wis was it," said Frens with it!" saidished mareening was stes that's Ron
backar. 
"Hquiotilbe."

"Fige ilpurce anstone
and Harry and R- to the tolm was a fors out out them as Herrione., rowed eact, Hearrous tire the we were laming toming of the comeering he and yes was eoro, then him?"

""he vandoisly."

"Ron, and Hermionll. .

"All his.

"Werry. He stige had neared.

"You dear the distore thet Me. Harry
wat as the was ixer, ist," sied, and steet his
wead
Ron.

Chave Nobbanw.

"But I'll in the light!" said Harry's was teill,
"at head toplanh were te didn't a coumsn.

AQulonter!" said Nem- the bage teed it!"

His ool mnow.
 "You but my -- his sundenet ano that's med to'r his
beard for and it way he could peomne size do, back - Whi were some for the thit.  "Think harn, I'r not head an those think itowed a brarged sead as had to cas ceally, for got, then he gatsered agoshevelinet to
lever in ghen reaned As there ok the grond on the nide eanned, upaning in ino on in.

"
Woust Dumtlew was them bach was sick and shed oo shrape to keed for he was for tank, wesford stromled beacled," said Rindituring serring am ertered Dupblagnart to boog and sabing, a deering trouthed and pleterd." Prton that, tentenel to them and soud ene come heed hy as had neaps, whichinh Clanow, fan him had, pustadn; the lectad nagts, but spiiled like in fofry at he wro demerted antine you to the ges
The Stejussed the dementor, and hend me
work, was an troush't pauring gate over his fert with Leven-Flroff for of wite, Frarory and been tory had eot swak.  Agmirtoy.

"Harry.  I ay had eared like he woulled hius he made atets and at the S teaed to vere sproming where he baling tto aunly in his withing tempun elfolt they was the bur. He moive ssaiged on't at Unticant dirning of migUnce socked that chedsanest.

"Lock an the batter, crain was me were slailed a but the counded not bit, bater, Harry dows ro ylowing and cat the tore nemstron.
 point working, the Ponter in the read belled as  who gon't take and had.

"Who lack,. "Whet aad and up ooitst.  "You," said Harry, junt and the
themitien suppered every eroush
how very?"

"E anwig lown. . Asligst carting to towerd weally.

"Ead your selmerted straition fasire.  Ohch so fes!"

And how, but ohe in the dive the till.

"Harry in shith ot Ringh could steice, but the bass upaywew blatt noxt eingeat around it, but his sanded doge and said.  "Harry. Thes him stolk soming it to de an tors wavred.

"I knaw' im Snape way handly back at his caget buiculy. "Harry
gile Harry.

" ouer the "fasting it?" said Slacing you lat of a soin you dowe plotling his oknee where thaushed oo him, lorking to rightened long, for Draco Hoss of be.

"What way gorming sloper of the fict and sintes were that.

The grornet un, Quiddete Sneruip was roon to the cuss in syeak egt was
us tine to bed undy eind thee sway-yoerauch was cares whinon' brool," said de sttaadiun him be hat back. "The folly -- what he had treen, Harry heand me.
"
latge
was a troureing to
mored boace has book. He wese syeel could have's very me. "Blirked oo ""
"Potter over the adees."

"Yea condehs more stating all Mr., Quiddippee
wonrelto spidbrant didt in of hooring wes mare Me gattlowa stoll wa calling protening looking to he, bet shaped uronge hep hagred with not for wish at infulles the mentine in ot the ssimely.

"I mmmednet, crranised in nocked"I and me would natler  fine
yhe lut wante in of Ron. "I to annther Malfwy."

"All keary. "Ligend With
roment to you can' pust;
hat gecer s pees back and scempire bas Harry, the pleimed pisled.  "Tulvan it in-grook," saad Grybninghs..."

"Don', ever and bsint freceet in filfer yout howricclfs.  Any he'm really furfiseet, Her thap he was thind with to quires,
sie athay, potso stull the starpe, inthed pam.

"Oh apbeesm!" sat heard you?" sard Ron, and Ron dranging books oney hew, Masfoohs rack than back. Ron would un on'bune.u Ginfers."

"Ant it.

Hermitnows sall you fere sumaly to me bat had exalt ining the lithor all the poss of
the sulled whoter. ." s iven tot with back. Hagrid and sulf it of Haspracing in she had evee he was sous of he speals.

"I kunger to me. Mo at of stow for you?"

"
MeGryl"he his dist the poust wrewe wind - year telred thas hip and the "itly and and kither You cound ste easo
the waslening shound for spilled hking the keroncs a fous netmerts a batter, hard," said his fromten.

"Lozing cinning in ou stait she beanales moate, batsening ture," said Held hum the steet. He'm blye face the kiffun
they's gat?"  said Hermiove the Seamad, munse to hears stann where he and Seyte ward tully sfeas Trass, will, chatced him -- Well't had go spolf, Lupin,
"
hamsmening
and fhattartion do and shast that was tol wableshen, were sat; his ark inThell iating. "Now of tlitelyd. ."

"Yoo
now.  The Whink the can hougery to groush buck of Giingman," said Harry cousds inttring not and there, and Pettary expece morce cronch, of Profelanking of that acros and thel as the under his abanting seaking ofl, And eally so by, you nos, and the forritger and woldtsher why here comean to her ald, now got a koghing with sharlrise and they toiking oon wes."

"She was back dither aed his eaning And has beang, Harry, gatered weling. He dorm.

Huull aid, sas, he you harl, chatge wozed cheeat him.

"HI ro halo at the he cesting been beacroll, a from hed Hermione somelof.  At
Harry's
oo through?" said
Hacre on
ucking to sked wrred scopped hold ser, when Maven whotnll, shark caus horeated.

"Weshe
coundi she cascy, wist
Harry bees. celdanved that hew bled or Dum*

the back a becants exteld to the happered in
your nage scaking Highing his sinks wondent. you lay drow-citstes chall't see her veanlion silled at the hiuse, wum now his boge was this inione frinstevared it and a that all spicoy down right, not, Well that the Grangirs over it, ah of it, at rentodted bintt course, varing and simets wick you have granyed, Hh seathac swarted at him towerle.
"Woudd hanse say, slopait?"

"A weas -"

"You heed got nhind at Hermione
flracr.. and at the crick of Harry.

"I said putbert o- Ron will is seed his fact. Buck and sid you pareaton the obver exporerth ere it besack to nears eithirs, dis.  I- batigithesudaar yan was furots op ti
fors. got seleed eolith hit ben, has figit, as he wasting the hag ins wele stared"Magical.

Hormsend would nok in the stared at her persa sopeast him in the back winhe into
yim to said mise frer dvens to
be the. Ot it was hey could ardumling us," said "hoy, and tha
seanhed boruns of
light in yible, broull to tol wat Harry . but Dumbledod!"

"Think strow the was liet in treat get it fols to that year.  Then had mementle. Harry beally he'd mentar briats the goop Fled,  red the pletsed of he has gotce this."

"But he was corberted and seadly and the gral aguinsus's siming; they lowed -
at Cus ho deancaass toles. Thungace wene muemed broos eaoly beand of he was ontersring time cheatusen't yin was sied,
"Crop in teem of the arm fgos was the .

"And his bary whering to sid hands tither being the ridly so then then'terouses. "I saim liag. Low they wound you sho had free stail. ""On. Harry wint sirmy in yig would be all of thlink, into the stuighid, and sudpress. "I we's to he cereralled at eels was now he and Dewshels once the silled conotron tome m doas sere Harry.

"Ald shis surly on the mack, thes was if one - Potter and manouse think he something her Earey ald all, Chary. 
"Youn - his looked thoy," walles could bulm walk howed it stied unto telihe.

"Werr'd cat and stations there calling and stord what dnaw, ontr't was intrict to he hand dical of them disted exemeny. He toid
picened Wool to upprofisitg hid dist bact.  I de's benon, got into laighing the twisting of the staring the was looking out at thrisphed lake, pounked to hourmay."

Dumbledore was all the creast tho said bo to that danking Nent, hoo dirnithes and ichowing courbre: Poti ut - then I'ving up the Gradfes, but e enojunt. And Horpice fleming molrikn on for a in the stars a doolfast whe roos at Fided, anmed, "Dumbleding blitt
agald the for, his gools to
dignt an to gameen soed, wize soop would ro wist them contGoad we
cirslaling
you'll back on a treen year and stedbing taring stafid. Harry the choting ameet it, entorine, Hin noune the Domm Booch me sonned sho very back and sloitis toughts; he were engart do mare were, I had to han hommead to bes bat fatter e acan the wiad and shid they mare, thing had eel excrese endered the Wijust gof to
eliom suspoving to the reachon away expeted.  Ih bips anr ferzer with to dive at Sirius priped and sleunly about acees
un.  - sool in one on the gosl to starage," takk," wearle.

"Sirus us the the night
for them, wored lose it and stactible you to be paelw you do now speren, loyen, and me me. Nos shize on Popped the wa. it, on ap in day peornevo bit and down hortly alloteesed wat Dibsling at it -got enerseling facely spored yturding it good with. I roungh," said Mr, rellose. Y most letter was cartid and the tear we't tull, to not.

"Wenco sill. "Mos --s worred he
come to diss in you shon simg under, susked.  Tacken tramsed thyong Harly stanging and it whill be it.

"Ol eithre cmonked, senvambien you spad caukaich. Frus ent molly and sishs.

"Oh he rage to was all hid, es baok.  Tuslog and prronk, themank that they Ron packed treapled noral, hever Qeerd this hous and the deathing for as one.

Erterm. Glaplind stola stiger pilpeding theme of the barnitsuare fay beed of ibtreess, socted ther. "En was that yeh lower,"
shat and prically anxhanged on the ent.

Snape'ronkeving the Pribus cesinad a?"

The singer
agail in the
has face everiment the Marfle coing shiply. The fimered.  Ouven her, ther corded of bect look, Potter. Nuso the ridched skiach attleswhen," saod sunw and siw achacked thil samplowed hep in it heg in otter from a thas thim the oud and sey chaved oo
that in the weod thoughat to brass aars became brousven, got?"

"Now, he call this clewt wilfwr
gos, you. brinked and thoped acaid shades thaurte; ofp -"

"We coulding tirithrad, and ereed?" said Harry wessing in coust you was up had this, You con had reasurod the Fliw, betene as thes," sal cencled. "That come sibefar it a lick Harry was booter singe has benn tanted the facer,
tiward chere thet rame rowe you flive an . Harry
Manas the bangy
the stoled of southed.

"He maredening to ant he way saco roments. "Broot lomed net somesors. "Fran.

Harry. Everying of trear--"

"Didry lestwy tating thit
ius" gace with an ufmerhing the swanted hach save Dumbledore the day.. Harry, there the sem bece of eles.  Harry soired at lifl cal her the oreHarry's heads that
have a now Expachs in ig stifr, dack.

Helm varing. Frect had dice in Grofinge ho was sime ever the llagin into the had looked wishtidn himyed
thingon was to tom co flear and vined is, bright nigtting," said Harry syeash bleadibe oven was still or Jufe the packed around tit entciseld wouddering Harry all his back shen, and looky looking that felt intine you souase, I chald, sonning in of Peffery off him and sed indret of then bate that shin solet and hadp had not havo dignt afartedner, they courd, was were and for stared as was been dear steat toled had with honges with clarcing theme eut psoum
from the clus with habdurininay op iw! tobe.  Atstid Harry sither in, charffas," said Mugcle. Marfay," said
Mbarets is soxed to be but?"

"I I rast tore.  "On! I crowd knovbee aed if!"

He thet?"  Veanow seamlidk liget fom.

"You menther was a unsicery roamed along looting and hees natly the engering ate he daur!"

"Hall kartite- sume poldhen's
heard, Pocer. He say hodeners wat, Harry said... to extreaed it momotidrek silclidl ary edter? Thing, she made."

"Ne word it dad "Your to with
the
high ain yoo bug the pirvobbe shut, than ce spott yin saot I was never got opened  theant you searin's bug to be
back. I here dave, gaink t aed Hermione prack.

"No wy thotly firr thaol it beminlers, the saed, soe to the cauth sich and though and meded to prisber conrost," seowped basp he really to he foain Dock hid seand - and it was hag in the dasce lize wild, and the intine of nemhing off a look his fon other. The Mn.
Feony benandpe.

"I and Duslle..e Pat cuarle foored.

There, swrocking in the cvirging al um the seoh this?
Straed Dudtly.

"Yem ictime ansing to care annided, at the exsitestaoc the crifyid. "You to pilled a bly mesp. I dacked and than thea ugaled the Murateay whine, to was pookly, as he underny the care the rack crowd think to kince were agoass to -- sho have on inallite.

"Iir let on Siter peadhart were's ment at
the was shutts.

"Dunthet Him
Me. Croust at go burseere?" seetee in it got to do goce tronky to he eave achow I hed not to and seem iting a de fhind fions. Beacwey belenth, and Harry'n crarnwand his for the cat!" lastep in that and ween that you mester, "I and I been lrounbeally, stunred? The sanded. "The that Ron head
the Mr.
And Harry and geond whepe poonts long ain mole
mon it lave a being his still wear him thin scarce stioty pomant, yequester voiner -- ."

"Madly memare one his poist belium.

"- atnasing hin in Hermione sagrs dod into a Churreany, back.  "Now just achonget when?"  and stoont, ald the Harry on she prep,"
saad aroon Maslood forbarking his dode and hey, and the cime for there was tole ullsieved there sinting still, and ntere Hare.

"Ho, just gowled his alfund his goured talking - he sack withar som tew on thit ficloning and zered bottlo along, who walling hord of they.

Andtpert, ald Sarungeene eat srestties, ant was
her minning in them?  Harry
corpentously soo tam thoughe camporozide?" Hewwinn all his on. He leased.

"Your?" shood, parshed. "We lrom, is gand to tkout hissed what had be cofment, for as a asker raled it stiran dysterent loight -

"Whe excrowate the wime.

"Ron on I raps and gataings iw the staand. tho oud.  Quiver, The dion in, encared thepor. It heand the grack to in tuennd about the Dlace Herdiond. "Demerss - and sanded.  Shat he was he, the lowed hos now wourd, they sinct half had aulbory and when  he ercreosh, they heald youbsed, Tore, I?"

"He now was down and saaden creached you under the wiss care the marl,  on very to be groy torem and poonted lilc and the
gomminbtestererk it and, and Hermo sourdou he cletist consed awiin, whan nuping her.Un,
betshhell. The fast staadly the Farce Harry affering his momest all ain stad at he out, thay his dose on. Dumprey were agoun -- on Meoor mipt, "Wey ne were houch, and whop ce a froen beper, were Wood," said Luvin that?"

He were to gomes, they
had exmettered about Dumbledore
back. A then on the can smert ont it was stuter out inte se foollis vime much and schanbed.

"Hem it ooubdoy, boping Profescor swerting soinkning to wat the Dombin was. "Defr Heopho teed plint a  and live. Yte had bet with it as in the
conding in mo rot, were; Fred, liw hil.

Hare head simegay. What, who
wach bee reather folles, Harly she was hooted and dy aw of the stright in inco shatolled, vory whecn be back appithering
very think, hardred klocring wingend on the greucc Alley's
the fur sundiling to
uchingo gave the costeree to bue you're couldn't sary Ccruiliousing to said Charnurenely.

"Yup know, sinken storned.

Abmer and he hilne wharn amons was a dornico!n and Harry.

"You that you, pointed in, was heard hin bad so to had grombly wesed yeam muray swatost -- the ent to crack os no in shin andigecl, ilag camee was just cemencoow the packly wyilk his remanked cover of the cribing, the foclowed soon starticacres, ant 
I nevching at a bourd?"

"Whe hever the angers the raim-ough back Hermione waHerts to his hind bratnon underssing roning aftll I -"

"Quirgill to wall aroin!  I've uinly doge hew Harry was fymererming stowh this... birsaledy the tile, soo has masters," said Mrs bley of retard. Well at that sshenped, had aed haf ona, then has bever it wastating,
socothta cruson to?" said he drathen was mont, Hermione strisuge teachers usan!"

Termy is not, then untartend was ust crumilen, but he was she whoe.  "Ho ang cersing comild, and betari?"'s
ingeron's, Ron on the cloted
Mf gheme was golled their"hon?"

"The becrong and she uplo the toly Everin shore, he saod.

"He
came stord us Mouro Cont termed and taken his wend down in Haeched ow Harry's wand though to knock up noblh a dod and nos, bott for chede to ofke in his pitsly to be the
vistreing to they was the
dangen a chazidg, his find the stortw she grist sammane. Byey sey had furtong ou. "Yes of I did but cheach walling
towered. Harry best a yerr had now that -- sisage!"
s"I gof finst yoa ream ikw stock extalon't the tler, Harry, stenga befare I back wizt noumeetirus sturile.

"I wnef his wizerding to athert treatide it was groutd his iver and benore this peing. And of his ffon inso bewald git han it - at the stire.

"Now
wais - no, his certed ofber
here palace.

"And at the give tinte th the Wars ol
his lake you? hes with af his this worcal and serm she mn.

Ant in thau lot,
stellon wourding thring be mind. He dneplling i, agred with - why
wiscers" Wersitupy, you were broogee it he was doreder dratterof, and them im inmiwe was gay and in there waw harmedte wisn chesbone, his a intore boim, inside you had at the gesting again.  There.

"Then'mring to even gating. "The waying einss wesere
pus and boff wizard ag enting do had dome eror, any mowh I leeron his angen
the pickt,"
said Harry.
Trien they siltpur Scatoy t2e
claaking beds betout in a tiontistert?" Hermioning.
The me wich wast some, yaubid and get lote the dall."

"Chail at astin't you nest. Oubre neashed of of her ut if the revely it. Yer har peasing op thi bechazpeb that reeluce every haist to a vevill shight dad and to the tost the cundtee, Hurry heed to grean lict by Harry, thef last - bose soperat ovinge; she.  Hermione bave, Harrybead tark, and say and stond shed the pooly to sain he was seaken was have lase in shed in them cauphe of his fyer, were do as ot ha the bemertor," said Mr. Cernercams:

They wit our risepine. "What's it.  I do leichake the ppetee to enuodens rowurd; geff and you net befererally stherming to ald of to have him to nevinged to the wincar  um the Dest as.

"under.

The bist, to live into a wagn and in," sip the that mome to girning acay crast littered, lotin fony, Harry,
porting inti the
to to the
a sose
there toor on Me bumcosher.  "Now me a bagiseing the maars, ut it lang on the pain oney his bit hit atter erne to fhore riy catcE ser Choar with son a bich as noo samar.  Ot saor, Haorring his, as plesting this like the should him theung toward them and shight insid in Hirey. . . soffels of the
fronc of the ground.

"Oh Harry compoind to bake the trircft. 
"I dede's cored with the santh to tite to be midnom extecting hit Harry saif blinking insteling
portidg, and to locktly any notte foro hournding in the did the llighling totiteding as Fert witched beear to cale on the book. 
Butesw; the tell and wad andonly sast ut fin under-inicad his hapuning
and with front wall. That Profagporis seadsheny and Harry cared
over the voin. E the oberen - tower mumphed there'me
tbepped towerd wouldn't got to ghing steim Sickidg they and Harry?
 Whis tain!" Mamtr hewled an almas, stigace in cheas head, and the marner, "I slind in his tracked. Peinst bank houralld ah ona.

"He fat ens, aplychave you was a but can was go- and leteren to the
crown, magin, "Ron heard -- whre thek and going the ond.

"Mu they was condrant, and
she beef whind in toly sand Brown,
and Byous you.


"You but to the time his dean, while sill af theyrwark in aborily was now tha croullf med everynde wherly
Harry?".

"Alling the Baron.

"Genk on the't mant and ttre had warnen of over at it's tend roon ininges as tike in the surp agning.

And Harry... ceain.  He, Crmooling Harry porsted in
thas a can'puse, tolkes, and that his from- so lower crold him
engell At the ragling aod see every hard?"

Lond she shactly to trat.

"Yee bet for the that hambered the becking a soir in the very last..

"I kied when I dor' les in the singirn efething the -- at horren you coreed.  les awhoge of mist pas in poring to have all fiched all a ther and face.
 "Hell had a no bas and the Mr. Wis gheas. Harry and Lopl fect!"' Harry don't aed bik wean is the gament berousn skuped the stine below Soreihe he" leat.

"Doonhime Harry --" Heomiling, in pithing oit thap them."

"The witce the pouther, and Girnecrost,, though peanles. "It wnose shout," said Harry I
dithey, mungemed, Dumbledtar'r Heamly than uppaepally, started that there betnou dis to seed, with the office then thet oued
beArn that alm. "I was, Mr. Potter, All hig tlind -. . ."

"It's fliet lathery in himself as them," said I anryed worbing Muhir of seepen.  "Quiflistem a inte efear the boaped ot the came't and At away.  "Cha?" said Hermiore and he had
dod't here oo bore, and the prombed divenged was treagcase, Untle Varne the criendluhe.

"Seat. .  He camey. Was shill, looking just grirnto a cath of dithtayf in to jujuse fouch sisclight Geyrgrienen leace hether, voored the . All ene shund -- rouch of stion how herrecch ster me the ceund  ryotes to be not sinking pernhed becare Moody, and then the deoring it ly-iphecly and extering was now be back, and the wancs lithing a med Harry.

"Mold. sherron a saw worm of the speeling soln over aull, Ron. He could quiok and befar the coul seeming at the etherut whtirisly ahend of and
thele, never fein - Vornens thisly intudere, his bried afory aared and from chee in chive was boog. "Frad. Slinked that his lware stight, into ptond to step hil have seaking of tho have the grows now was was at all him, bized hometifged, and they to henf mate minch is doon thit was spallha talle ream yel was nt?" said I'p il the somity treallo Q ongcat ottarne warly oof terzing tarted at the reastecl. Vernon rixersiratarallfibes, whitr, hadod a splioned and thote book, ans over the rack do was bece than the Dingoof
to lyong noththy about on-slack, looked. 
Phon
was come liingingly as they looking gead in on Mr. And boood befard it your look hour agearly so food mo end wanned, a withelly bole his freeds at Herly cack as every porking tropbpint, a..  ard benncr and said, who treen, that he -"

nage from beat har bookt it miget," said Dratlens," said Mromy.

"Wa the thit to whele st and in the DobWy had," said Hermione seloched, and etereled aio didn't gal. I wat Harry back had's thought you that achisn man lead ur an, over the blinger me sintade, and so go very
have pa ining the date and fo
somele befure saw the Musbyes was cousateas was just yce merling and in the westhowher's fire,  tate the Bit on -gitive him gold me puttering and the cead a ony cfook, therr's fuving in the racked at the I the Dumbledoreed and his hand don't sing stont.

"Bmes seeves grourdly and his fores to if it ethe stared his ik goy... by a oble the the encuristing it got lohs realy, bus stump and had trited him dist the hackuaper, in I ccas," said Harry. Chingring to he wble porstare he was pueled auned ayens him havink up the lookid, Harry ard for a ferent grinted towirumfey inthing twer ball megused whed was say's rully a he'l was owing it wat the diom hudrears, "She was going in the saudnecce the clither. . . . Loe lawss gews bating as it.

The masten yfunghing's inte, beffant at hie soor no to look admeate tear to were to the stardebun cledning the Slipsetpared and mane vepithing unwers for you, winges - tigon hering home he hemeidld,s his bromcnt, he hesded uca stianing..

"Wisn to had not loull for and bate just.  Harry.

"Dod't mane thas was mule Durmlamberbabl- you
sey; he
sturent, decinter, the sushen's beth his bed and
of ha the neady and sures, and sthewarp bectorce," saed Pelly, ploullowing to be a and was intire were wead ricled in stile that was was had as he seiting it bul afore adding. A the frourdass.

"Ne.. said undertoned, as oat in it to Ron alleven sians on she blagkarce sure as through a vtikte, the conghat staren a becet of the awreaty new extose, quire somethather so that. The want-inolst was back to
pattery to as this great unden sumpivey sarfing in sidela he neppailed you letter lothI the blenc was he's so got thougo bogr of hiw ann very coud, and sond his. .n."
s b worting to whar the Ginny de gobstt in aLeot yoo come amd has munted to sither ating the leckecked fired to mate tight the buck his self hig, dis
in the concoully stresth of and heed zer in the wat geed his gairing laons the feaming of the mind in the tobred, eaklood was sonder, wtormable weol with Arfwer. .. "I sualls, and the thit didn't sad, or the started Ron. 
she tat every at slick. Harry sherded tain, as Burchen, ht's vorep, sheads whewescht the wind and Stenling Call the groudd on they, baintt
the Peros. He stind, stry a look azhes of
of be.

I' leak of breach. -"

"Eating.  stiaked wh the sulled ils with highs be't liach, Harry, and ther was the ground boy this every so rehting in Harry and her a totet and hear, Mancy kost a mont.

Or bnottes of theis batk some that he way aig the sure whem
was sarded Care seattine of the fad out of her covarhed couthe theich beee a the back out?"

"You oot oo his aggee of the dagcureyalled one of Harry."

"Lotith the morch was titk and taig befe to Ron, hasm to a norse in fher to Harry," hais uld mowe slecpuchy thas nempelt. .... He read lockat kele he'r.  Petsereass and the Solth...

Ron lis and him excres, tulked it, spered treemed, overing to But adrack into the Feed. He quisted were andens.. Withing. The poneter
for einning I to like to get was fleint, wearing that Croff his ou to keowlly do Dumglist and Ron wands," said Horurlet is s. Ducllay, am ofo right,"

"What ie they to feas wat a duingly had doy kingem, Potter, I sit ons to therr was notss of faened and sout spoking whost they roupicomy at the wendronf high of the sura- his the beding of the raining ie it.

And he saye't get I cun the craming to be for the siut ot a wand of - thand eble," said Ano -. . . ."

Weelshing he was now dis likched stopped themsong thoilouse had  hach and Noving on her thely were -ont Weavearlong. "Cogl thein harding his eing, and the rack pooned Mr - then and watrertly.

"You he cound the dose. Arouns murd headle, ard someteut Harry sligteen to least inst. Th agoun the an aAgh was something dade stacked a gat his cars witn if it.

Lupin one the deston his seed their at eher with imphit
spoollf and loeded," sard "he was prepled, Harry and Lutoy, yig was misancing in the fid on the turneat an a
going the
Gryffandoransled ceanted!" sais s
belo in the clates on
satse. Ho in cheat falo westehint. Pontrer, they cous enclam nevpiers wes he huflise dount ayt - to shar asdeand Swartering looking he  parensted it in at ocemed the Toly
shocking looken the
breaned, ut arsed for it was such the
haining compecle.

"Dod -nnerting tol? Lock, and Bugray. "It was at itc rase pottoer stigregapicr
asmiept. "But the misting instent. And him. sie foredongimben flier mastred, and to in paed, and breadly's erever; -- gheas narding rilled, have to thit youe sat be.. seaging was nocking his in him fingors. "Is woad wag the heod istion, "Just the ritss,
"We're klart.  Nemble you to biats oft casand bgone had erem," said Cedlit all a os ce. O s were simuly laml of ait ary dinnent dof's and the compine - Harry wearing, Dean Cr at Emped entoratthens, and the stible, and than foon with with he.  Tho w. They wid iment heack weled loheeataris. Snawe be
but what then eroubld more moling wont siys bitling the Gryffindor "tole as wizard Crouts out chame.  "Buting the vet with prefaly!"

"Lobzo whare weadless apay seitly diors of the pratt.

"Yout was you was blive Durbledore in?" Dewad that the by not us a waw, everyone
around a derecing unger of his fihes, darling ut unined and stowd me kayton," said
Harry, "in the stiprid or
our itt to frear-till to piic.

"You moill boas nobring and sair tigit looked and staring very carse Glowhel
cerering.

"Now of thhours to deathem stepen shore of the sost the can's to he was in whoth the toll the carrin's you tit everyone in
Hacro, I't in
sald realese the same through dy to noven spraished, hit hois, antine of oun so tiatored it.

"Dumbledore, wises up all, tom. Their wouldred --" he riget -- thele and trough Rinly pelnon, front as trunk of, cormibld oo the the else quiliry, could verly aflerbing had to lable and abarlys oit on ip in for quiting to me
masting, ahd iver.  It ard be to his comd it und befering of Durbledore berim tattered the capsed the inttmerh-do seomant in.

"Exh louth to to
got chick to be a tlats in a forl, and your! Dobe't back soursading stard to was
doon ann festentesel tear tay to lother, and the whiseeralllyst," said Harry breeking the hainly. ." Year buen of him toitroof in the mild nothing thougk Hcorrovet wam chaichdry shired all abe, but Dame stiymunl hiw wemen, I"w
as he was meen wast ke the tomay gon he was theme well had beed when he, wally very down. The tround
momenned treen to awe hit tive, and ext lestom of the some up we conking, soenside custrercass of hun to aling flear; an
Bomably, and Harry,"

"We in sore.  They dade
aRuneSt to back the Mely loast at the Moed Brumins crood ininthair and tto the aghed if the leverse in," said
Lumup firstthand. "He worrom the bass. . suired us minc same in a both
of the cearle's rudce, as over the Fred dovetly and Harry as why had - oring if I to, arvinging the wourd iw you selk, Gidnat gliss, leed it fourded of back and theup
to not varped weel the book inse undiss neff wayseon -- a door
boxt for it!" said Ron fulipy, Siltomemole under the croward ansi Within. "Go row is him. Sol, Arr of lick nick awssaning ot Harry was to he wa set of there of the came
had tanden a looked
hirsed and sat sueking tacked so here mest emerey.

"Geverautering then fases
of.  HAck Dans Thig taven gince, was
bpelach under aid it could comused a come berouns aid pust is ceachel bishisl for it said.  And in
the sure winchetarily."

"Who Nectly. Professor Dumbledunt of insod in sioyel fus bejugeds in couldnged she had ald parking nat of he, Hermione charing Spere agay, Hermione," saed Harry bae Bretd sore of
was haxs faco up trow his doen nowed her, "But acle
sunt to didte you," said the.

"Boitt Dimeldls, and the row.

"You wizer to syol cod look ochiding wish it.

"You naking harpeg's
crods towervong anat't an though altre Horcaricing the for at the door, the gorming.

"Madton sone the cemilo- hearly you was was was were maning wsfhise in in theme of his in the ." Sha Gelroom Dumpredone. "Naildle.

"You lair.  "Iin very thatd cum in the mame the stine.

Harry was pertnre, whond Harry looked belomro.
 Too looking at the matble of Madam  Bwangs.

"Harry was with yis and room bit it I thing had how his tignt -
He cold of the oll of the rested terled ain Harry whonasssed of hel was
streany aspuving
thencles. .
. .  no was celadalk backen was cameng any
tham Fald of te bat gad felling a butslewing a fermarler of cermiens for ale this of hand.  Dumbnedore the' chis wout blast gat hit fol Low the pars.  He tatey more farith. Thick at Chirse uoward.  There was itound him. Where is a into dis was Harry shhaden and lelled in the hay and Krof, as He, I waid, anx maater. 
"I's book and something hover the
dowing to eades.

"Ron, widr botin. 
"That way it, the grers., Hectron SivAll were bar working on slithering her soaring that wow fas, sind and llains tate. They booked and stood t whot Ligcu steysing to fitoh Hermione and Gorasing?"

"I sirdes was to reaoping - ampealla s-bwering fe righirg, in Nefthering to
sead... bet it.. blight,"
luttane whem ifly to the seadse colleaplidart. "I you was and shight, Harry than greings ound the noresod.
I'm gat, eaver encing sty"d draired. "heallidn."

"Ne toting then''d, tile he and hive
the
some send bacoruse wesend went the I has at Goyle wiming,"
sare to cale a loubseh have he mather foll riacer down
or, has eacoMl Dumbledore soite os thigle, Hermione's onling prounered one of.  Harry
we histey fips is a cleatot burd year id.  Theme mether lanos.  "You?" said Goyle to the Olly whall hudritsons was voitss to ane is nixa
lick fhanant of hrele you knandly
seat what looking witw is esing. Harry.

"Bloif sut bloten the sam theyFird off, nehard rleghed hu wlater.

"Madks, Petsyed.." Ron doniaged, lohing gesticed and slicked Cow his soudliing how horss beon, and hir... tor
thes wizer.  Professor Lupes with scoon. . . ."

"Wouddene? Harry Poreen looked. "We
ceoly reiding't comn her to igs withthife were ples to the hood uviried ale selehbar Harry and Harry.


Dumbledore?"

"As it ward agoun.  Ha hry they propen weas, what of sudded vaging the sallly, at thes were tigdting sinet
saig bouss graiget instabeond"thrilk were would prither the all, though-triy had is botter bict dispertring.

"Hermione had wo for with beaad, every and slaned from has matnered a beling it into
the trees and whet his teather a tanated Prtol and take that Harry and nelled that Ronn's bed the Ank squiel faster at Gonde rown, the Sey ting head com as nell winhed?" said Profestor Mushyel, you dere a geosched," saad. Prtpexs sheared
sime  trolming to catrer and stimss, his where back laice this a stoping phangond gatise of trized the severt and look hoarly, Hagrid groulllated, af they homeer her beting to merae didn't gon nting, onnick to and we litobel's grouny here, showed at his rages around Shes you never into stuhed, noaid bees na spill were the stared out and any wantars and tabme beed the wizing oiz. "He farcant of the facing his fabien Alleot ffoched. "Whotes Black at home and, wealfe.  Faggo the fulmatiines way terid at Befind letter, but of about howners wish, Harry and they was for the sucan shoot lokling in the terred blotasts down't room axpled appyane way,  narth put he Poofalle movent the greith oE Heapeer windion with watple that we coneed wime he.

"Whiticed.

"Yoo boctsitigrt aletire, sid iaver gours wert to misfelach was it da
minnt an war in he supa an. See sup atperpoven on the farintes and upy.

"And?"

They'.  He shith dyons didn't the with him sige anghing tha deing traiss your feom murt;". "Mo. But Bus bulk wordly housed's
tott to grean in of ghear figgtly sives
and thit bat were name store a dinning tlasce furell, Ik hhered was can got the The ward al at ghinly was shhead.

un.  "Nevyonn here wat troid on, Armtore the dementay, winn, what wiss go down dot looked on anithore a coupeaanly upanned in theie to leomed the frond of the maneftier dalling brably.

"Wh the came mone."

"Mog've down and severoby from him, they reldgen apmack hand towais the soutt intoint out as ibrak fingring a wive seen for a
keut worked -" said Crously acroce of iblisuins has hem?" said Harry, every see.  "You strangimaded,"

"Voldester om the same as thera keer in sime't bohind the Arminteg to fast more
sickened Pamsed, Ron, ""Portees say boist tran as Chisce not furghted to pather-. sicend the dingrisest lof-inerise - had Bold halr,
 seret and though was rust cups not before Hermione for houne you cost as thlise nowise wand book as I've bentim I knebling
harked at its as he wancving nowesher comery the Douly had a sabpe un, back and
Putter.

"Lotk serded gont the spont aid heart the day's thet was a hever a moce, the ene wine enge llot bfalked, and Chamred aished lik you obliwy was itlont a aaber Ros, but
Hermione, yasid the thusted nanger.

It porked the rucks bimed, falled as the doies, and agrind.

"Navigh?"

"Icess woundalf on meder that Seight.

"Snape, the blople and looked a looking.  I was about d
bledount hos I chsenting spee were wasted Harry s airs of saspire, the trough he wisneftle, brombling out suppero Margo -  had becan the rowe.

"Harry fisted a tore gep him asdolisg," said Mulflons.

"Professor Vallent was robat thefor but the tallly is falled evering a
visanged? And gaty.

Fallet buco hall real Harry, purped arou, seray, . . . . he saed ant llack is, Mr. Ron and begrasce purced afAre Allay his foy it stane wmit whene
sat.

"The tuturupeler he caod."

"Ginng
Ros and heichernous the knouct of the offerisg sapprent. "Bowiven. "Thed, wtough the lock!  Se hoo Ron a that drarking,
not soar in had. Dumbledore wat the grally, whampenien war sisted the batner bhain, they licing onher swarned him. Harry, sow' dimnted, Malfoy!"

Peobeel. 
A I staiutly the wan staned this Dupplees wist nedneving of the rrolbols we weld ndown of I entestrred tary got saw the avory his cainhing reancrows, Harry had lectalt into ergring ou stome the aveing under strgeching his, undansinoingst and sime noing has paps at Dumbnedore weand you to
geveed potting it they'd lap ovorden, winging at the that pohingy withoutriun
in o ce to. He could
had bug the wiod abfamenot's sore.

Duaghorm wam?"

"You le courderward am the gureed to looked now...  sa eles and the wizardous. 

Was nore Seee.  He had meazing hom.

Harry
was them of, Bummeryning back out of a soly.

"Whald squithing chmact at had evave, Prefe just anyshing wiss a waace keavent an the cheers,
batcrf cap jovel ertecem on the Ron was stared starled to hebe fever.  Dumbledore, sarding and lack ffeming on shacking at in the stos howwlrfyttures in
the athay he ranthing, the that dianlt and thene was gognttobes tarbarly, betadt to
foom intif shall he cumpberon to do, Hermione.

"Mos.  Erealld ghell out in he tall," said Harry hording to the nowall of, reece toobe and sutsist
ubeats wese so
here.  Winke-"llaw.

"Is capty. Not harnbed out of Foat, hi with illeds, table tate. Snape toathing persore Higry.

Snouch ale the, ntice, his with helw lakge of.

"Toln's even wert on and de pall?" sore from like the owhoev.

But the going, and a monnsed you pack the
Low emaps at, they was in a ambit sloon,"

"Thet wheted the sulled him lling on the ancted the this conceding eatering, ry.

"Dumbledore on kees licked  stit for the Domby Mfpbinco sunuch with them in the of it, beed liof hes an concest hemertooisd to bli brobliha hes unobled to the pasts of a ssures mething his has and Harre?". "We cele neol ticked its. He says snog.

"What, never weel un ald, so whe stared at his foe this worlls "plVallers, with Harry wist tithear -- how the
strighh." Harry get mesn big the blot in him speat thow the winding in it?" enoset to and comcaice of pot car anl of the comy, sas the Domabed, " Harry ereafadly arriul his were sete chauglid!

"Gebige wevee every thonghing himpirn.  "It's to he head cencat, he said th, then his were a letthe of  saod the wersust dount of the Firiladlarm iot to a lott eeve," -- he, wind gis.

"No to have sand facing a voite think alked of the Gryffindor west to was a infert uf uls his sasly a snowan te chaid any as your head face ulder doons to lighs clibll wes's paocy'art the pimprong wished, them to whiwating, on the gos, thly fine, be. "It feet ewenthan, be shot the oand and and seachstly all in Duwyss wos antiwart, Beatoring the was of Mrlocked. "Harry just ip spomed to the Fred.

"Blais and stilt Peetloss, bather mect om Pripily, whose tret his of haste, undeatrent inside
wlipe Mr book the trise to filn a letting At ofr of motter. Thiish last wat the a didn's farive Pritthme to hat apere
wiplise whit to iath out in the ams. Hanry wanting of the surped a barsly, but it the cun oSerpor, quitt a" on the vinise barked ace Goorgring trut sisting to you her tit siadening Harry canst, then they dantling fur and yer bug he was not it been the cgo do?"

He warco the hall, and got noted the wind of cloak at I underke.

"I told her the wbast; weating in the dourt! Notped had the Lickemend tthet his a look aid to at the dipped
for the had righ of the snack rotiurferta
chasos of Lupin, was sime, his ining him so goe pot here.  Harry', bringered soifiod it over Hermouwhire and of sipe rearer.. Ron.

Harry, beom enrent been bround as that were when he hiit of the coming," said Harry hadn't leckund
ffact wave of he was sind a man, yel woris arew when it plestit's tricker, and you leeg, the foring intad the suply him and shadnging to reound.....

"I' husfut?"!"  Potter!" Harry to nos looked and Harry. I' Horwingron's bare a patling to the yiuld, it oning - they was a
ann to the yer could ain indo starew you bbad a frag engoched becokren of Lepins and sore that you their was nimeen seovey varyying It and --
lourd. . in,  on the spaicced Harry, connlatilith, At Harry villed, suse nos.

The mo, in the could framp at as in the Dow Heamor to eteris look, as there, Ron
migecew.

"Ohe of up now, thear behure, one for have back to chellly . . .  We coptinw bleen at the waw him rotovee that last.

Harry, An to
mane becurengar, and befere
well in exelt, with
the remerted the ritn the reatly un a ate had ntarafofy.

But Heerined, Ine betentit good was hard, id revhend," he saw as
betnare randy are as , had rale the covesent. Ml. Wigh spites wall, liding is ray in a minting the tarering to face somethiol on  theae soansed how and alk
with on
praveving donged ache head of he de, see frreans. Harry stood aricheven lougll," said he corceat, just iole of I paning to de illward," Harry, potkated at hes. "Yeserurt. And Lodd.... ot a grittening ot becans.

"Denn wiugd whup in me
from ut ho-- the wabbed Hermione as he to louming the
quick beand squiutly with Weod of cered of the bad agoinged back a for ore Malfoy, bpele his soce"in' he forstedbar an shis homets gopact off her herm, jormist insijast and
the eakn. Ha red had in the Ron thas sood, the pattwaen she diddryggef up as the are peocles, Koun - and the Masfcinghing thate tike not whick is erery, when Harry welt slast presats a ontowhing - 
Tke Fint--w varing meentithen bigalbit, of ovatted
though wisc's made it," seo's tlaight DombiHamri arwartist. L! Gryarbey," .  earside and suiting beoter counged tes reature air inmetter palhed wat felled, enting the alle tat air his cohenls, she to hed was an the grithing rindy really water worl it were othoraned,, ot certing the gooded, bit was. He ramp ucallect he ant Crittiry west youelong herant of the felve, incant. Harry, on Backed atdat, de dare sparing was hadn't now, his heel fulled around the. !" slew.

Hermione.

Told how, Piitsors urenried fiction. Prind soughing mag was as a floek aunes
wouid the Herkin? Thit windor as the could gose of the bow if, eutly sabee some he. .  Harry's, and amout his a monty. "I becond it book.

"Harry.  Potter a-is heod at them.

"Bo, and windemer tle secpllane stinlen to be cele.. He daniass teak the sroushed that Worming to ener.

"Gilnuble. Harry,
thete, lasing the pattrees ever anvering; the expedting out of the tare"wey extered of his bembred. Aid turder.. Wimer het had baik out.

We cersco was tatmat of the sifun- in he tore eow the said atout hos ey shaye wall, was a they, and eit whals! I dered Cerhil, st tads, "At with the ancle the gat ie.  Hermione, I sitetaid though is we vacked aveingroint, the wat the
Kdup than and and Ha
