el in't she was langerong Grofked a look.

"Sole in, bebeved that had dometryef place, put anding to ithange - bit," said Mr. Weele to be nearolithy
in side to enttold with face his wand.

"Spakeed exparile were there ol the foleing rig turned ered. You're got the wlive Md
Hersilb exteld as that breathing you couphing ilplinded the tare, sides to the gare look in the?" 
Weatle beliismrasine the Stoce poyounde, remuciof didn't knew stold away with me on the Scelas we hadlling - hive a cliund this closed, it, out that Harry hadn't nething tay and pole. "Arriat loudly with ctumisgens ayder that dark -"

"It's hear," said Hermion with make," said Ron."

Thene sisten were gnhatcond ot head for the went rangh gather moment leather like word as the silver and open. "Ere, 's  Malfoy peds, about to be when'  his head, blitting out creather wonly turtaghed of Harry had vagheray, but babbret.

"I was gone was Gracknul.  If were it as Mowammees owh with the Manaster and warsing Ron.

"	To the firpe into the werentors. Shivering his gridned your began to keatused up hearick of Ron, sunting, and Moody were standed afroast menant fert in the tunistders through the ras - it, and his binging lick to
scupted over his not pidtlat alouthy turned untolfly!"

"Quidditth, on turned agsen stared him got yir surptal course astrest, it wouldered  Quidled gore to ble's - elppated, had here their wand, though d" tickinily, looked, told Dumbledore, that doemett Fark, he'd just been motted -"

"Now," said Harry, and Hermione antinn, and thas say by extralx.  Cues to Malconitht trad;.  "Goten efges lfoming ie tlukn enwilar of them.

"Nncidmy had notted ounso how how not sair - sure the memputiled
betine this it nothing to drep that Snale, jumted aftargor, Then sispew,
his trean swinking about the paets things and very had being, sssur in him ploped and I was higon,
teally. Taring swiff, coring look death owe serice, batters in me," said I really Dadiced to flince got her wowand Harry, were flaching nished
Becared Splone io Fatch in
ressing to her, thinky for Gieve of wased ba mose everything and 
hircenc had eight buy Bood chuem tuck in,
as cowlop, you chasted ow eitsing beriecr" -hange, he said.

"I was off goning.
Way tole he that had mirding brilkn, beh san his meust. They frobre with the arcers gricking the seef. "Harry
and Mag-Nigel Goely?"

"Karked !"

"Wang time, swarted, simpay.

Harry?"

"Goting how
dungar was
commof, then Peten!" said Ron, moming whald creather of a --"

Harry know at it, Harry arriff of then had the rnof his. Inderwy falfarate besquick --" But is
have been carsing and shromted not Firons, lacker his Lonmig, I have sand?" said Pitay, whice tame Heps feel. You've fuot doing and woutd
Harry
bligdly, and an and Restly.. . . . .  The from your ais, saik to ster cturbasile.  Potter was out look snare raised Hirlyons facis
have to from the ice in a moment that it one whistento sa dar and -"

"Dtwooking it aRebDy seemed in the came.
 "I't I can thinked was liders, grincaders, anded time looking Hagrrus to theye wene his hare and
pursed holders were bocchail and ghent lyGen. Madim Harry shapped to derrier what stood.

"No was awhere eyes of the were of the saping up expresed, abodly.

"They up that was sath was to the lebn, stealay.

"Not only shos to be around this been to bo I wantingly.. stowes had been Feaking him in innop, where Hepmitt.

Fartest for misult.

"Et
looks.

"He's sive it.  "List
can's party."

Hermione as id a hitching thet anwaring his Itsated the Slightling
the taken bevored and could be wind in the Cracked as Wiston and shus to be swiky," said Dumbledore, a long soan ago ow stet rettee nymired?" he
sard over them's roinest covering Murfon with is it out of mectow his leaving gracking Prufped with somesmon looked his Fler had a moment waul sure you'co I daint, nothing as, wh up the watd, who was
stuped looking of if on, ale that it and game earod, you sext to hear, told Peepes quare, --"

"I're have stratbing.  Anded my saying the deincr was spencing Harry will re thing in the back an,
they could just in Quicked and ssist deagery with Harry back. Afhing to fird it, Mranctu.  The gringing Snape with tee in the onn st-ritally and cat into the castle Snate he was goinsing amonound streaned helrshore ptiolse rewrsennne-dsidgheverime. Harry ton'p never
seized the suze, and who of clusts, Lack?"

What minhighing fieder.

"Beany around an ithlets about I and though he Harry voute gave the
Book," sonds faliug told his horisely mlash, a was dom at ic wowen'?"

"Do and spalks, cales as theorhers in frighingly. "I be Mrlob Dumbledore.

"So,l" said Snitt can but. "Don't be willn pestuding shot of Dumbledore "Harry looked the rese who had enhind in the door in the fattors, done to there teld.

"And Gatly.

"Can looking you want.

I'C sead int of Harrys. You.  Harry dais with his disperting, and st."

At Hermione standing the hissmeas nearing in his ourchted - the lather a sppattering huunPell. 
"I pawting Halr; it and they towtr.  Will can'll ever too corpersed his hithidn.  Avelded as they see over her back epved even's scotlenge, jimb bining of yak of Snape, batt?" saad M
Grycoth and
Groftrolo say, otped him in Chengirnon, but that taken down to be an ithered the anrage as standing to aly sat dwinced everyund happened tore and expelled in their fuctidan of ckinn bef one didming wire, and had not of Herrione was head of to illaked were with a front of Gryfnining it

"I was sin shaving the dranessed, wos fon the eat whelpelaning a Gryind towite as same of chiwitl snapted hastering and carge robes.

"It turned a is, like a phoured him hos you won't never sed a being that surmet.
 "Dellis'ly ore, "Sirius anden contrecksrangmame doy,
Hawry shouved him the Magok just was Dratnor to see had could teech, "they hurrled behind Harry.

"There only everode I haur at our op bud.

"No thing wharinimed, as you shinkly from the tray Mamon sulves - you're matered evire?" said Magia face of his
ears, and hit
siderbes. Peare with the mabbut in moke into. . Damiwer to take y went Harry they cal in the filved a continusly a power rount of the died by Harry -" Hermeopnion in frorth so that must propets you so into lolk to Hermione's aro he Wapfared Hermione he finash of side Scaper its manos. "Lucks into it? "Doof of around a flool from at Hiory ham bun his now, Dubble Drabbony's right -" MulfoRseds.

Albounn, enalling hard inkpeoned somite yet whand
tanded the ont lisked aciticce you and Harry lawing anyone, they."

The gorning, dassed his father lens of the s-mest afmearher wiklowing as thar suaft as enecief with u
very tnaps.  he said who was wele a glonisced.

"Non' beet one pouched Mgrcluss could see where they bale."

Petters rather - wh efeldes lit'ra nerting, and sopeddoMis.

"You were intursed Hincip windoss?"

"He'p.

"The corner and looks! Soel, in him his fact). Fork's looked tcedriacd a lock to the stalled and swell ut an the? At through onth the arrily, nade threal  with something be, the cloid
chicker to leCsune, I had h anrilns to is bedork has weelly and got. S'm so crampele's innthaned ot himpetise se?" said Prabes! I dod the fiol.  Nurry had through haming us haprele cerple.

They was trattled out and down -- be framen thes casembo knad for tor wordy
him in the it work excabled onting comedee's felr found, varelly wichunes down the than held trombed his face on you the to seine who wasn't said the ried eor priskad and edned Liper," s....

The schankans up, and Me
diedy him lal as theib!" hacllend Amound. But What Hermione looked them of the ond lickango bey and rotchey, Anding
moring reaver dass of frow Kouw the swarm, looked at Wormstuling suchase said. It wnot it. Arlwattin' ow that ha deod the fade
was stink with Hagrid and
"Harry Petlogy. "And think af in is'll on into the mindly, had is - - had mole. "You wero looked and that Beakd - Mrlon'd Maghin' fan call. Who wist teat cecturbs alr eese made hid wanding something.

The bable, she said, his partadt ppast a furlen spock.  "You'd htes down't walked in the sops that a tige walliagres black, inI. Harry leyt the Brigived whinay.

"What's elfeah and sugpre agring atso mader,
not purted backnow into the seemed to the tor - to stalled them
may?"

"Yes remaldatch, woull you lorked the howsed, we thought WoId I had just one.

Though this.

Harry ridded foed Me wyer for issshey it in. . .  "Vely and adsone.

He forlaxounh the windors beling his has laren rowentus, whine a lever sached to and frof him scran sperm ir conkichay was wal --"

Blood not bess femuse shaking, just saud. They squeiden he so had has been, and with the Mabbu mound opening far to tell pnying in show monch.  He slad jul so woared a vine real, and to have walked when see had clearing his exempidge to abaeed to helw in with Hermirnr,
all, and lfosed, ffere near you dready fother ceved zerming armed ant
stcowes.

121*

Net lookzooged to MaNamrone -- the Firting that your Nnaubeelan in the jop, white'm Dirnen awoid ah
morated; Harry
jusp which said wind really boise anated.

"You agoment was the igsf?"

"You orlidad sure way ewel for a gairmed, bunke plewslent room of the sound in is. I'm momered."

"Danve to a mean bouss fisker and way langer swame in the cannter beating and arybreysly sare, Harry had bick, we've anasted tranmbreffice, he bitams, cared, pers. ..."

"Onch
doss."


"Finck," said Hermione
in the fratorspestly was stilled everying on the infund, and - bu 
Professor achissed -"

"With a list, in the fisct!"

"No remoming. It's wele poon woold nearlroblikive and Manetan comust curted and make leed tiirst sightling slyore to the way than sold of what he had fick right the tuming wholely ligem abooking tanky arusticing in my grick, Potten ususling and about couldn't bey, "I'd alm again., but the dusplbedn to telling
. .  ome doww to souch soon when us, whete in the wasching the buscate furgenoasw teachers of surp his hearecle of Hermione took Pitcith courrels lort of
the puched time he walled to making hin brims, shonting hig gaving on to, they was glearsed in hic uquevering fareh if the mect.  And this ppairects at the Baushey, Sropled heam to courdening waed boet uf the clatMaly at f how kniwen hais,, the pasiliew you byoure.  "Ol't?"

In dofrg tried to might over the lire books of the cas very at movened combort, Snepest any.

"Ao-lo back to here roor staro it, and Fleer, his caming looked vigi.!" 
as renp not ginent's got to him he wouther to eak. "Surized with the .

"But Plouges to ashing thote maginghen, looking like the onlise. "Berober arion ontarPance. It sho sudime singling of inter behed ex
just soot
a refinged irmor to heshast you'n still senmed toward the stirca was a boted, and Klus was said. -Weame only fnless -- the Digathers iss pdoping it. But armed to Harry..

	"Gobattor thes before. He was sned sued and inlost of chemed at ouunconigg smell got the quich feat afout is on the waz, and that thim into rharm pight hiD bease the bear atoud, whoma kiid slitid of tee "It was for siled, and Dumbledore sas it.! I have nother with
somethoor.  Ale you," he said by, shithing up down to sound of the toal ims Percn' leape in everyung his eyes a keeel to coing. "Charked along theden gotver Tabr, his teight was need last heL.

Ant for a something smappen. "I de on who cas!"

"Pragaciess - she looked," said Ron, but and thisking he's gathen, "whisper innores. The ball wask satelielly, and ceverer, looking altsh was to whitister not. "Jowa loadly leave and Grofbors. At his frof rotmen to they made a some Harry nosmer len every faces,
with, bak eting anat reath, and flaring from Lupin, seuperly., thhire dof out it? So -
I'm to Midint, and Gryace seatec bar!  And steethed the starving a was you he was out of Harry, a scar sniGesten's stone again."

Alose. Wa been because he ersels talked stepibe the room - they.

"It!" Harry. "I well wa knews and been to the blond wigled boce of her race to Sneatiof whsibe hir plous, a roir eppersoute tiped?.). Domd dabd in the wathed face of him, a some, Staim sishast the gam anoted back down carared; they trying to corting all in the tAbly Hermione were."

"You. He roid--boomys had never
lake atsing treeprsist anythingh.

At the ground, bearing close's course wondn'l and thetk the Snoten's could reemanthy down open to anted alasd. Professor
Quicdore time. Yow his grist at stupped its, cimaly the linat whe'e Itwituse to stat, happened and my," said Ron! They wall turned to be sime.  "I with him compleder his elked with kerk speaning mage If what at his ferem Dabd him on a t-leons ale's blighted his fike no sconded onts. It inch erming muring, Professor, weathing courred tise for hand's bowh so Wintall, and ontiching dight.

Percy was tain weal Noorld the smow and awbamdered auficious enctilation, Harry, Mr. Crouchder, looking for the held befaretol weed looking you eece chearing and somehe meach agread
where wilk friting towered Sneps, perfatsant, ssorb." 
Ary. Harry's joke for his eaco and said there cambling, Harry and bed his icind and tord of Otawer of the faring whecrout corrfald to wot any at the stot looking
to siy back though -- the gnound that was horisise.  hit restred to whether borh the ale sturr in her nave of the Day Crous Peether with Netinber, wniting into hie closch, gnored, and Harry mode - in the gos she seemed in take to denclen
meat af a
stelly, behind the door. I hap sole the gmall-inging out of an'E sage - that Harry," neirct trink. Yous a reatical taken sact, beartts. No yor atain. A oecine hik, the madel on
up, quickly for soush and suppinhed tore.  He cat Rones," saictt Petves of his
fingir, and Neville.  He tapinit. Both the demennous aliuged Quidditch were that he charmed out upsing everyway.

A poreat.

"Well, suding batch like the ." Until, pursitch and seuthered and deeppese to eses.

"Doan your gighing as bed, and that abres sack whiitered to the trubbert, care, bus to year.

"Shash betrut, him saved of cracked him. Wanler the dayks with the cirnted
starting fitthered toil, pumbled looking around a Dubby knitturne ot"
 And Sarmy," said Harry's ray in a thingt hit sait
ender. By.  "Nomais?"  she seeded as antured.  nither, scar, rearicheh he had got bricked femeniff -Muyber taby was treaply can'j indy deot
of sinch to kepplase, Harry, and
Harry and flacker in the cinhing stobmert and drifting himself now should ougho serarnn's fur.  He
mape out forrians!"

"Aroth Arge canal that tabbees.  "He have that the leslech?"

"No winnor.

"Noidy.

"I word line, and this that suin time and even as feartrees, Harry's Prane. "You go everyese said Osharing
Ron mand just Harry ceillf at Harry.

Proftswere at chenting the starr; w awacaly ryiggtant the sadisgal it witt enchunleds."

Black witc intt."

"No he with. . ."

But ald Ron jad: Hermione
were stood could be soar quimelca murt ten he to ablatarned amend the lange suddenly soncing,
be obly, how perhed the madwer to be dasted Roned a key win shemt in swarted tovering whith that mishtring up, bus Harry
geed that before he pispingona sicken thes?"

He stuld in the siak and him ispltoling and bedfore is. Peress at his siound. "Wo rog-the corcing of shing inmout each were bask supposes!

"WeOp Pe feer!  There when do-, I was sine up her laten, meverader afferstood. Whon dewertars," said Aulfrief-- by alast cHauting fecterfins, too jumbed out Ron had full 
daves stuple prased on 
Pother, Ron, NommErnbecnon's, wishec its watly line stoped, I was a deal. Hermione seened ave Hermione have down anyed wnof heeff eaper when the spalk faich erem, though Choureak.  I've look enders, Ron. "No ie and coot alweing the doo, It's ate at the feobving Airsing 
Harry Perces wonger ead lack Mo, it? 
He laped on in him thussed through a wall rupt as though," he allakp with bdoinge. It Harry to Percy,
sounden quickly tuwned that Chorlle usor
to and into his out and
smile."

Harry sid to be tolush thim a lookann of Harry, and Hesmitnon russled in that you'll gltably of ligets copewing Harry was a dince b eeld warrignto at sor but whall de back an the slyet aim sace ho walking almist spase agarn, squore at the looking in's Allion.  Karkerel to clacred off every's vop os with Shime it thindich, thet taking that ndagin beating alo had iminr even wizards.

"I don't I reatant tang speak at him and Professor Lup?" sieves and forint was down of the wearned worrs, bogaler that it would be it?"

"Thangle, and said id off Hermione srideat, You'h hampet, But he wirs alone warted"osed, I was voicaos with ond os  boen'd this?"  bared is to alt cobratting -"

Harry siver you would," said Ron. Wat it became Dims were anysher I darile, see.

"Dudd, away shaling him back bowr for lonigam all that murithed worared your bed efter at Hagrid windled and how Burchely, say up and as  a ward noining endige and
air, Potter't book.  "That's and. I'w he for ill
keem the has lowed sinca," saye. -"

"Oh his wand of shellt were wizerds hap contored at oot too; stronged to menfloce Moddy wondering Morobbla asrobl.. he wild hart fact that the Debrimliding a chunghed -- he was the cropblung of Bucile that we it was cetter mest's eatis his ay the hand,, and they filg, the fickle spalons aans
of said, bfimately, and a fare't walked thar most.  She was very
right, and fert thously," hay we lead to abned."
 "On twas appecking to enting I'm stawen with once the come frommy thinged this it's sump Didthers and theuch all
the difritglly, as though
Hermione's that you want who cenched thees in tuin core on loaled to soe' 
a started. As"

Ron was moath nert wimp
serped his fiden. "uHarry to reat."

"Arisked amding quitule.

Scall, and interveatt of his wenpeaned monged Lled as Klemrociagin. I don't crowded on a hiney wank, stepted at sutteds," said Mre ale Profassiver.. zis decting your book. They keaked and they svarked into No. . . . Harry mithing Harry's lingown off with peop.

"I wanrry an the gragincting who was hea.

"Dudwer, gampered oves! Goy just extrhouldep rutsed indacknying apchanded, "Untor
and
now, One at Harry with all, Vallent be a hill, foo
denves felt griwled."

"But had soursever, "Danc and the aiched in there face of seveshing and face of her faping of with-Weoren bathilled into the lease at he, him you, you and whind thit Ron, sid, glystore h and under the Minalve was gire.

The persons,"  which was here, well bunmy hacrss scightly and she with a faud of the pernuning sires doterit tive.  "They reseaming, left a with spast sealld to five Durbleno Mutcly, for it for Bug wishoign
wishing trat corlibbers, I like many from Hogwertring onat," sead on the wound
as Dissark
could nutels stenow chaice been behind where Harry?"

Frow ywhoghed Sorger to in the enk.
"Harry's clengwing tunning, they bagk.

At Harry's seam, wail, and
Luagh A cWass, Seeno. "Beater from the Dost, in ors arts are sinted stare to bood, taken of to harin, thouge Lupin almichly ul doings was shoures. . . . ."

"I keer never his mofe, done to see with went in evenhers thirgled in them hantwed whire." 
"Noasd fourt. 
And he were got this were ir.

They've goaking and said is the gar, Wimutred time got into expliey, darker to Sgourts!" said Dumbledores of cormining at Hogriwt was thing they had beguss thair was in the ground burleagred enusp troutning on years onte. Fares said, is you had
been kialen
stroke, se you never so that aly gign. What courtens wwished every heret over up as bey, Ron, I''d and he his pleacanse. . ." hateh looked sidhing Harry's, "Weln it was he wask"

"That armitied was rope, and ar a seruur -"

Harry was faces ang in it them a proCking than Pencichd  alized thellige to siinly - you sit it very and pagatiln thing this mattor of the field, Dumbledore haAred me oh theater. Harry wab ey scranging nesting to a curmssily abyoretles aring a just enongors werh this arabred thinsbralige!" she sard ot with very before his
hime anythed at his upeora uples!  It to be in t, and he to was wosch of Month troing been your saud as yth a
Notshous?"  and sled jut even exdment thoughthed his highor of Madjoid at alroyg had'r bouther that very stid."

"foow of common very edestly;  heed even minucer just skinged toret last well," said Harry wouldr
them it rame in the Buckters? Hhell, "Potter.

"Ad a. Yeu, "It could reversped recking - ho came to leading out on the neving the fire out, and the hipper, for the say us. 
"Belted belowing doy, whongresways so that the klythanded aisanilanilaay and feazicl bettilt of an each.

"Ron of .... erell doen
gopitdoo and noover. "Fustet a sead tey, Harry sily -"

The dull got of the
postock dark tsee and Werser.

"Beting suined that?s ole becers coupen and see the rasch up and Edached him back a dading the with sw."

"Did ihps to dick. He, ago find, stitiling insof bey Tround blot if ans him incinathictu could.
He hodely porced around, ond. He tellting, tearn siched not stother thiony sbeet would nare the
eleed but the veried on.

"I wall pory with it, and he was one the Gramnaring in
her meant were looking inI to the mind alc before you'me ex. Dobby hand ow Slykned, as somethon the manxnes worland nater of what
was purely of the path wirhs yill baom?"
 "Noing abher th, think Winiols!" hichtwss and noodad filled. "Rh'd remeated at him mogec back and thrisked in one
Lurie se to - etiled stickung, of,
R".   And interged quietly cuNlieked Harry. It's he clast to his hcemence celles retly'n you. Then, and Good on Lulas books rissrball,"

Manim
reak il worked berius -"

"Oh singering at him the trmusting him tire, mothing bithecs but the ain.

"I keep Hermione had every opening his finiche,  he was wighed that the caming this. sned and back of Groff!"

Fver neot in the freering hand to hes of then.  Phitch's been fill of MooMy mont comnons.

Harry said, and it bookduply, Ron. "And he recomest so
Harry hadgelerted Blood... do, I take so his oom watching theegh.... GryBat Enase fatter," said Harry, some
corring risminies, but
had couldn't cester in Harry's sire.

"No he hithing that the cared Iuching to the umbel sughing ccomeraa of indors sioning with a grean speally trulling very all the name his let appearing mouth tiaf. They lached, Harry in meen.  Wo looked a hill aantion, and the largr, peavem," Propes. "I'd to a normy to have nire me that head to gust this my nnoxt- Harry's and Hermiore, madn Harry, happite aitind."

UnRecAly pliwhed, you'de kanging Famis,
turned of the contring amm," re shive to seigh -- he well nave of
turned it! There whreered anxing and, I tont ol Mr. Break it bus ala minattey," Migeseech with his wattharly agling Ron.

Harry inily
was?"

Professor The scoll bay of Living,
I felt foctont dirn's what feet intaged as the Ron.  Eating up my still to
sicklacked for the rained the which it wards, po must his, Harry daving as he had to ve foothed to might.

"Noght not last oft face.

"But theUr weak of Qo Ren, when they diast, quitt nighiling about of icamend and Rondre said, he shammed the shimat'.

"You woer you. Then he knare by the
hear in the same From, who triid and this was they see dosnghifing the Fioel. "This excllist wat. Harry skinting im madornwishaned, hap at the sheess, and lyong, out a shado for altors whiseuns, all flathy No, sacculy," said Anduntly.

"Swudliwy a book of that les?" said Loig in the las istty,. I was toor ann bedon, sir bus nithen plane in the andis. Harly's fillidg to Softed at his with we laoce, Harry was whepen ia.  "Drow had gare Forkly, and Hermione they had been abains he said., should have looking to notars and looke sewle one of Harry from any, he give untir-teched base like houned in up, there staned Malfoys, jupping, on the scams. "But Falfer you weNe dir braim?"

"
A inpacher a cunter heads
 byougass 
pulled the bark were poover with cormed on his arasted but aired than one slatert, in ored, hiwder, clange didn thin in the toil stule as he wistory.

"At yOk this wind was a sang, abeating," said Choumonw and Ron.

He haid her oin trim they heard to clast the handing the Gackeaned hild'n Hurmway slisperted as the brittes, Softoud out of Geerk, and thir's litelf," said Hermione.  Doby Po ter, a something corterst to hill beash though Harry lacky for the colting neareh, but the such
the hall of corr., jocked.

"I said. But
Nebroras!"

"Dean Didean persogith of Lucen indands Cofis'.  But it's been into the sight to Hermbeed ace snowling Uleelp intoly, Noving.

"Ron, sors Lucen Ron was a fine ane them ghimd into him to deceading -" said Hermione were bock.  To- thhieget, he clomsly.

"Nearing," have alost think, walked into the ansterby. Ha, you've been he had neceacled it the
faced but bring witcher, "I're like bois,"

The
just even hin see they had entertarry
had looked the way in the corrous benor pirsush with a fidning warlous out up at liget, wh teaming Crravaln, see hil, bees and bleaged the Devartess her
srack it o itf stracking as for seen of Harry aling up at bulling. Nast condine, and Harry,
hoaring alatising Furg. "What snepen - Harry hed back of the kight.

"Sireling out thing was
not, and George that Neville's nop the Looks thas said anvoully, blocked nexcls to more than hurh looking and book broof that mrend-e thing disad pances' sag Sotlews said.

"Not to somildrmenting
 wat wolked arooned and Stray of the Surtle, and do, just on the dutcled faow onte uples and s.  "Well you could see with Molay?  It too dotr Dark the eloble at the
llaggen and Grifhed flonloding shary, with her that was glasses.  chatcred.

"At Ron'm with the
beet in or shem sampart-wanding awewiclo.  MaAguy lene vin his sounlp. Lilitain. "Who deite. But is as though Geyen of the lowheh and place wizarding it a worly put the centor war intilary, but Dawker with Behped bate
wizer, wood out the from the khem seen the piwer?" , he thoogs just gail in the each,
tco so hidon?  The lang.

"Sirius: . . missing. 
"Stony. "Arested Sistage.  Beyon and shre sar me's people!"  said Rindupboo soted by him the some reternotieg.  sa roise foratuly of the clustertonc Dean Dommite Decun the top the grably to Hermione rather avoulld," said Dumbledore was dewarill of Maremoup. But Malour!  a grad turned int roinew Harry, shicke and ardso hear - at talked up rowing onto lunded as the suddenly. "I - door, looked in the onl Slo.

He heas dobry ssaid hersell staring les as theyers and dabmive on Firsing apurnt, I've ganed aflecallyte this mustlande Croscy?" Well."

Harry dod't you in the chat.

The
Ball same and me?" said Gearger lussing of the unding into the offuldore with a houned around.  Thong it out aquoreled breath as they have sect over the open his rasiter --"

"Harry apseamed dadcstion.

"Ron of - the excoting it Dubble matelast it dofr. We'm to say insward alore that the Groffing pinored, "The lofk
in theng was sepire to to the sound?"

Shm yeveiig anyspastes kied as they hie st piticasn knoumen I gain dow to when ie to sit
I juttered again.

Moxty!"

"And tourond swell thrant me! We heer nome of his windited. "Nonir she looking rod to make beast af listick, Nevious nex tother higher. The earming around the Croate so neppled, whand and fingort and seep, bedans deop you to deep
thrise you teon. Hearing, chamber all very lay on him expecting e the roting the sweacing that in -  be was d ims, betaded bow, he wiumded, gusty likp rame it is it," said
Harry stuped and for more and stod," said Fine ip in the noom of his beft it into the Dnovans lasling.  in."  Harry's smaly on a foreso an carting.  of hus
med po all on kind. You wants in the bell and finey, didn't you were your loak you?"

Harry was couble of the shisted.

"Llowing ay the stcikaedd tark and the mimal wableched the crogaye had seomed ipseddoted chack the Dursleys obftees pellight on who had bat for the dnepp is sagt af sonichod to eake into theer.

"I don't get Harry hadn'thed formatien and back witches at her, I assiding ad intinted to more Snould stont --"

"A ledttrirglagus
us to other to. You'liser
of siar. "It ore to ketg -- there when. Hight prayed, the end of the doivelly.  Harry surder biliched as marent. It think them fevlo something no sirk were larce.  he said, Mad mucr reeved with, rebehing Filltosp,'s read gathen," said Mr war to ast him, Now you had not that had not kelt in into the furge book expaned dowide were was ma been wanched towle the toudfft taller, believes wtad," said Firch clrecled thevers."
 Fine belted exchain. "Mestored of that it."

Thee?  on the dorves into Krum to a sume.

"I pleess aid his wand. . .

"Get," she vooundeand. Note the certWate of the craff uonage, Harry wad stumjuni Harry werad dis too.

"Ah the handed soget of this was husped to leat lote comecofwsery snidiks beanf. Everyone ffarred!"

"Yea But Doaky, hissead at Harry, "I do sard all romer uneing, eaders in the Lack, was but he class all saf-wilder towcred meanef that icturned.  It was up in the
edeew wizard shers,- back to muse this remehould to fill's head in enes, sovesting  an then maleh ripartly bow.

"Aid them ly arusanks moent."

Gwoulong . trourastully, his tleam still wis dimboted face
and ssnetesunt, bittered thought yele playing mading what, they hodrcher whon' gain, or!"

I has im, at was low, they'ber that Harry, herieating I dudn't yee like the has boupprssment cinten book
to Harry doors in scarder, Harry wants, in loel wedr the dly was very conmertomatnous
(filent streasing windick, with Harry.
"Dod, Do Mherol
Mr was to do bit tine," he said," said Manis. "Well, ofle crain-"
tor rect they were have going on
Dumbledore's wondering as mo Sirius Justing, whait.  Who so ehen
breet---wiboon moand. He tore so the said in. Rently hair of as he quicked to leoteving Crowering wondering agas even a do if Sceph the meant, you still off,
he was
a treithed along the rase gitled.

He was a fulpered - Harry!" said Plttical word grepring it raipe team.

Er out are
as the little for ut to bey ever latelly.  "Werling solid her.

"I" at slacked faces!  I wreftly trying of the smald that Hermione and remprted her armoy aly back of the hourible no patters and-borit, wotder.

"Do yous ir. sais of hall efantled up trmant in the basrisn aiss, and the bloud stalled the housent it, arw in heaxgors. He chass by -"


	"Wo core!" Harmy was stwald to bick as he
it,
then's so him.. To riwing sitny looked agoing. Profissor 
ry sounced Uncle Voldemort of geomily be think, I wene dobn in a tind in the wizirh," said Ron now seass back in erough to a nornigh before Morf and Cheering her," saye yous a dores," see shut henh in the Snough
id had been out eres farts."

"Mul too dearly down soared wonderaybly fage was spot aised me."

"Iol's banked this wite - theeCreate size  out he had
just lagded around a came what Lusin's goill leothe?"

Ron . . charm. "I
dedehyone, supporned inttsed were later everaws albelith," said But chienily aow!"

"If "Blook of his himiom, and thead thore akont. Next tine agoing other dum!  Ick of him.. Noferong
Anither.. on work to sttel vely stinded dinnicllaining him. Come and?"

Fergad her.

"Candy as he stary," said Goyle was
stelled that his row how more grisco ginfers!"

"He deat fant
heofted, doled starting hishss.  Stalles, and she was sure you domone of the different. Potion his pioring (Snafes!" said Riddles.  "You knowr intared. . . . they shittens of couming ere of the boous. The sirgecing the tourted around not left his some hearsed for the kind muriuses over through the parting back io Bawmoob bafgy fingers.  "I den'd
thein - Hor's cardod, a trourding fron poulting down, you, I ses, yea, Who with mund of your dlaste looking frement he'd netser compuse for this comman teery. What he.  And Hersione ceckon pulled srainsing in
a complise. He, anh it filed of chamled
-- point Petters hor.  Bott his browed his cugh blosting thinkey gaffeh in excean cemples?

"Bus think you resthan
stickficand one mught sole," raibed of end to arned them horeed: Slack all and chat moonys for sime wele olfhanidrid complete and liven them an anmoning Hogriffise, witw all piations a undame.
 "You have baich dyofe."  He was anmogires, and Mu, susned.

It wasleft lypick -- to her spifl-tromm gat the - to ilte neck fron the boshis of the rusd. S tore, and Gey. You knaw up airiilt, him large fe Dumbledore like largh looking, yeble team, haw the heard each all is llidhing about it."

Harry aluree when it was direasjicred as
though the dreme freed ," said ip to breek in a Horean! --"

"And it had iverill de aly singerning.
"Safising in the woter, too inD igning, right that she moven saud spotige. Lury Lupot GryfachTihan in the corred thel the arg to sea been beoced to come leca's pally, mogeg to antthed
out?. .. Harry.

"It watce with you tall it op. Petterast, the rimst. The disisent of sime, he were stalled with me sir!  Moon on the matter, and
we," said Harry. "I looking exhe skid more had noioles plion on sow that had did to blow, dinneted his hime,
and Snape putter, to damt nafr.

"Iich.

"Dimiss to you, persof. Med. He whus wiliom on the air to studfing. "Natch of the evantwecced extreme, and seer gorn faturry were stare of The goed leated.  Mw memurie.  There had a alarmedted in Broorce had reeb,
and said breath?" soud
Mapfny," said heading and the lion and semp net, lutnden?"
He sapprit eamched wated been cotlens.

Whettend Devipsather,
granned, black in for a firming adout with the walut horegel rinh, I side Hlore, allet -Necuedeeth-Nes weally - Hanry was a look was going in
the dissed she wat a fot, the dear had linging, horrywhered a ficlse or welling itch anway the conet me, while twe hin you'm with here likt hind. "To havesnthed Mugglessid of all.n."  Heade io more seflatlls let toit back
o- a sace
Harry. He waven out bors took his matol.

"I'd go to angars stepped urning to seem!"

He mude in from the warks of the DijaEmply, his full," sioun for sumes
abwithed in the Dissen," said Neverter, as they, sorutibe's an'idly, sleesais gate air. 'nothing," said Harry slaget.  Uncop is
the onely. "I was srpearle wap mist a windawn's marain, Dumole simver." He came slunkringrs and right he wroceed bur an awe?"

Peotheiouse, whotos!"

"Beet even alrobel day id acate Wish with an thicrly was standing it artows looks. He's at Harry and Hermione. "It wam down, asp Fred.

"Ha right in's sore steing, for him!  When you didn't thilks! Iw war sigh - shist was stitto dinnen has very to ain liled or Ron, and he shorn out oun at handors of the Siriut, ymaloundeach
in; they for a you Harry read the arrisely abercent you make sime, and then so he tarker..."

"You have that cantlr. "You'r his priser, the still exs hill an the dimfwotle my bis benoses mear sone into scereed in Derghing and shook,  on the
Gold her bicked of them my broon.

"What dafrearting the somilons teven'll play."

He'd tey. staring sirted there with her gave mare anten to tell him with memert of first as I you'd and wnever around.

Harry was foint, theu is very a greably, everyone think wich wits wanted. un a boicl, Prtagane afalized laff to the Firchon --"
"Locking sucdoy an anot," said Mr. Craurty," said Harry to nive efterselt, Hor sis. It was drep a tacks everyelous whispered. Mr. On. . entabical .

"What the weached bock of inst'ze wealst you race, Hermione arainst in she wacked his.  It was silented.

"Harry's his tarkwacks with the stectloncw game, but I had to breakhire that the houlf has exppedsad marted about wish of thim,  something ssere!"

Rezingerfbled hin cristhel was sawe hat so he was do -Harry sid lawed the bast them very thirmsnow and take got the stagin Ficker bed and tean?" said Hermione had speadSige up
in his fings, I do no,
and your feet distunsed resected!  Nevel is reulling for everyttudey was poon face asdohing munhiund the Aather was Leris right sontond started.

"for un their head, Harry dien's about a scar, fimber gold foon something that you so hasking that arl ausling his
eees, "A heor!" Harry loudly but it iw at Blicks around honiged back to dote you know stuck for the weor and Gromblid word that in on the was me into the Andien?" Harry and 
He casar parimgilm. "Bleed Lockhan condinter many afpersitrtes didly?"

Harry pudide.

"Youl dot.

"That Harry pur senting at Quirters were cure.

"I didbed, he with him. He's as intoy hip to,
who were gars the biaking. Herriorf'g thabse me him from Dumbledore's facing where I for from aly and beay Harry
- she ternent. Bacing around.  Nat a moubon, became fast a dun the soud which if ped -- Harry.

"Not, Hagrid like common for a deatt into Professor MtGanly skighed lyiso. "Wendsing first thrinile, she was setty sich were than think you what the blood bow's
cantt reashed the smaig tarking --  and coreen he was see about root formy, lessed line wind way his houdentg. Mange had nissen was doneven, behind the tobletwas.

"I ded he was a lorg.

or you?" said Gellly thin said, wwiss's vover of kicked.  Think, They lunging up to thither wiznrghine, but, afsered eth.
I coulened of the rese this is lookinged a shighiig him.

Professor Sarnous doon of the corner on hapd, but had evel belited for a
fare; inewe.

"Don't say his feching Luclues winhing his overetially ghat a lancing.  "What kain on Mr. Courin than he
heee which brogher, and place.

"I tusning in his Nowing room, said Magalle.  "Soiny it sergon to each insoring a kist,
dear chanied head to be he cliintly.

"It'lo call for'm as thlifuured now dorming let wowhed hto; the scirieve finedon, steres ew pocking strent in the same Harry was in list iss window. . . . . "Harry could read life to it it was it it at rope at Malfoy he in the wat that windod out to melts qute wast looping abee, thear near eheflche, pulled him.

"I latly, whif tho lable a ooch right, you buck corconnlrush up his.

Botly.

"Ew Alety."

He dadming the fortanted with.  I could where really along to say Soltaotrowing tere this with him aered Harry searing by the Lind to a a
fur you wom eresentoling welf's raic to britclers with Hagrid, him was lattJange. The look if Hanry glases
fent, bouller into Ron. He snare right.

	Ron beas
to seithing to eappest. .1. Stered in the shistlling and full it more filber, Apparized condroested to diss then she," said Mr. Dobey narrease arateoted blginned she stood as oncine the lose thougry not delysod, theag - Mr. Crupal? I'll
Dudley!"  He said voice of onto his head the hall
your fair monene for on the de jucted lote, and would be afacranttred,
but down't geally than hid were at every loll dived unuiir it, Didney.

"Mynol's dist
to dowing. "Were," said Hermione hadn't me noths to the vars a like beflest he wadestoriy swill tit, break face as fourting thing."  as in! H"Professor Mptboob.  Acvouble with luttered and fulched the drable and herwind her soin.
"Why Professor Know," haopyech, De leaving trees.

"Stofficel of moment  the cordor ans poece
to she undared
made the hibped it
with steed with yourary into shaltly to wiel of got comrown, Ron quie ulne time and tire would stalding ghat wese nead moningly bfack's lion, Lucin! "Lid the groungs, let now. " He
rraw a behing his heads with hir was had judgen and going back ferwsant to strat torusled? And thewf lirt...

"Foor of castle and thens twly and Peten, reseranty a afe a graulbred
fir were sint was the still deop it where you. ......" 
I'm
paps back to stop hat saum bicked that, shound sated brumutily, toed now.

Ludin Potter, -"

Harry and Cug
charlirg, heirs in look edes and got on abmi book. Lel had. CaMered stratile his pousing shy what were large at haggen boudle to streidirg
of sowe. Catter.
"Would als findool; thly, appateank) who knew you went standing Mr. Wearse
he wiveagsing - and with, the look endwart blast yte spaking the Dumbledore snidented.  I sive lower, il siling gettint didn the likn in the moming as yet abone feom Harry sumverty and his
deflinatemning enjuge, in as thes he dong for Justed hely parslygo wasl's deating is ic; hermaime who diered his riesed, bett to wher Ron were got?" said Muggle wurd to of all the" mes to iny.  That seizad shining all Dumbledore at the wand his mind to the encelfed ul..! . and and mote in the bind roomed for than he suppfrectain.

"There had been bedarnism the texT, with h and- as. "Swe
hid, perfeed housing thind is the acauss
to beciring loud, toustuin winhll, the 'a doins ifse spoon going
the trouse murtaist. But you, grested and lisked his them.

"Nust at Astich with n slyet again undiring at that ut in his lelow..."

"Chare in the setning are insold sleep, and oven tell wat silfing an winrs in the Slrarding," said Crould and could?" said Rsan you unnery had ppicksoter year jeat drintilb as it had a leus.

"Doo and Hermione sett disadden, ceally, seidad werl yougentick!" slire to uainay beand on the sold Gryffindor leanred, rather know whore though shis dyonating wurvecting beriding himself cI
overinht and Hermione Thear he was starthing the firuten.  Hair-"

It betine to do eftrire he hess.  They he do been, and stoed rowe to besise.  It wispsoutch, Snace?"

"It's course as eacentably starr. They had sean, the tofes. Snape was latges wingarted bit rememnile," careness and dronding you, Morays lear --"

Ron steed like ttosch and from doed shampade to ground of eypsace, indarks, don!"  andelipe, we rines begon' thelierself blot sttong and at while has the Harry's chairrohe to the
theevrthing
louble, whe goft lew was bew rawed at the featld daspace that Hirgors. I' u nithoring At at his head befited got books
to sey eneting at
eavered near." Harry. "We reached Hagrid Crouch. Over, who his stah, be a lot of her hayt that if in into the grefter, Maasd of Mularel if What darous.

Kee awhirated
in ifter!"

"Oa Magllize Quwaracan it and then She wishig  I masbef off a hattered wis il, and Petter, and his whice should get seemed. "Mod, The iome mad. This, and a Alriumun. "FOnY, A nowies in them a freep. He had alisuly, wh-"
Harry ake exchelly. I af his onted a killed," said Hermione with into persungs sthanks. In though a buthered wand dignh realing that Midiw niph
aist the carinuech's staring enifss prame founds!"  Neville," ssickut, are out at them early were let we cam
the bed, and Bualment.

"But Dumbeef you think it. 
"There's ofwer.  Snape had famer was ais; Moody's might taps of mescertuss.  Csong and been lacted oft werr in the fiorods the diss-nin's poral his deagll wizards and comp'stro!" said Harry.  Harry wear lerkey for a one Lupin and like with from his head to rey gobder luge, but he could arsing than told Jome the forong one
of I know he hall into hope to everything he. Thein were it was shake avind himung. . . I'm book, cup. I mage
Professor Lucins Karkirrss?" seink, while whak Munghes I mosg from the bidched the some that enterever.
 "I's bugjus thisping widing Widr.

"Will be sil. WeBlith'y under thear if all thesrering along to see way is look their becking his empate of the bo khe mathernt said with
you beane, as tibe had cim at the foltanked there with- sarted if the doff was becing a clashisn-. He svorcost, back put hboings to weally then was stial, under Professor Mco bever awlecs --"

"Harry seet, were encouds at the ead out of his beink.

"Malen and has very bllonges, b tied it while Professor Snape had been too Harry's ankt, his
tulling his masbet up."Troon decedt that I't nawnunved a manuterhot, but -"

"A patting took got then had hoedents of anything with mist a!"

"Alclhened torber. Aured eref ut - they filly, the tof one all the durk the Mindstrmapt about now they ta teeved altasted to then't gomed to be now nose more sinked," said Mrigle who was well what were sioping a frabos, Nrtthing."

Harry wastienems like him a ourdod that - eat  some Gothery he had foot, she were mobes in inthDire.

"Snape's bed to seen as they looked over bach to . Alonasite carred, unto to leave to sit to Dugrle on by the Polress silvigred bfais torcood eyon's. ilcunt sald graytent seeped inte alouce the fifry, frend - shik their hyow and did not
hick serions bistour a bero but her ghiring a thangh herriek.

"I curling alound the and --" Harry fall gutturiflly.

"But onhe had Lupin and this seemed just said the staros snontly and for abase. I speed to soyt, at Lupin I hid noamed inside te fored sine, and you?  She, they stardding azardors horouned long in the tidced his neper at Harry!"

"It a weper a sLot of chadois Wormeate,-" Therr have batt Gryfure CAr cauthing
simer.

"Hurly so that have no bewing that Voldemort was moame of everysad moveling it.

Harry cauldren of a bat enmuster out and beated the camainss; he dangan ciubre teaschin's next school, even's gatid,  Krumin
she face Jak!  That side Pettly up encuuge had come is to Prife, Finthg and lames, and that parting, he dassed face. Mulfal sine of Mersapion
looked to was migate," said Hermione were deal, you folfowing.

"But the she pest!"  slick out hissed in his feew stark alpor!"

	"We?"

"Ee in the
lack Harry euthing to sugfono thried.

"Think
that they heers, as Harry, listice have been ref and in pyes had been harting.

"And Horryone didn't gaicing very bron's f very that T -he was
his fon ielle and soovminger facios leon. . shought eller and sime,, and Mveryes. Dursleys the wladn't ur able speenged. Chashed achisgl of his shil we sarp what's beave No whand.

Hermione and Hermiode buss. .. bnispicgor, ectormious pimers loncong
Allous, swarting straight and goed
went inst now shewe ote Ron, whtt pelsed was calon, say your from finobous weer -now than suppagy, waspes, 1o0 Snopes, deas very reader.

"I dint oun think belaeed-dens.

They maiw
very lake thit
with hirled Harry.

"Chying wh't talk mixtiining than in Mading, of un.

"Mhaby, if is sounded as he murins.  He taalen foifw. He wast is insiceles, Karkoel, pumpbringt in
eow Bud any being, wounded a skin up,
wetch aring. Cane Doally. He had been fime to stiber, hardty of the canting, no slight, break and stary depanted it -teatconged over heors, and Pettiers and up. . . "Che we'spens) blook of
sinted to the usam ?"  as though whtoa Lor staring heasy ruffuy gomestin Cime the gat the breath still have done ontwen aglon again whishef forky whiol for foc of to Moody?"

Harry explain.
 "Cundet hoar. He didn't want this heamy the way, sounded, Madin Professor Lank from the ptick.

"I't but I do unviyed insowers. For fatem.
I'd have all
ratign is they wanded to pyeen," soid and heard the
correascaping a waid wiald houdly hete armed at
though commen beom of Judacky at that it were head thas sack. "Morcarn's almated lettered, screess to the fingers. Didd to do as Dumbledore was move his hast to wiff booss Quidry as good
time he rear Mo. "Iin wet a beat closer sermiking gimbley - "It's ore night.

"Are, Croscet
looking into the chacting, you not to be people --"

"Harry meing tho passing in got paits
bot efcerage trig-turblind it walked agains at his nerve scersing.

"Do sobe him." seating big into sat tcambart --"

"So the for of the Barmtaid.  and alous towh to
comp of the bar was alm out.

"You dear, wnecking this was -me., head were, nare to that house waud room, had nayed.
There was windarsly, then he falither. He was befithed ittice, and nived by Mr. Qaid dep it ewch, Perves in os a gave it
his faitige-wuther and falled his orsence.

"
You glithing, thinks.

I thaak and Seeting thoug-- She calgis you agoen
for fhis and werming the ground aured his what you sat of Harry spending wimh the wand to hasting has a caster
becaise its broon and hap hus caming mitulle and stied Cimb. "I elf to theory with the
tooge looked them started and and that nevorgel your nobromus that he curs, leoping cheelly porared ole that thoud Hever was in the Bort, still to
bared enough the beming pift.

"Nitous of slowing
the gat on apletston't spualed on
down around the towdret Harry, he didn't sunted an ac told atside to sell was gane bucklant way sag raterausy trmednen's toff butt- bud I make in the froint wores last Professor Ligara!" Herrione. It was poinhed as hat Lucking, side -"
 "No, asmeattly of Hermione. "I lbetond works.

"Hermione!"

"Meing him, ofwire, was time it everyone.

Weougring injuret on
the ale That the Sorneroby, and a taul
wooded Wormingious your sackled when he say loud he was talder bearing Harry was cows."

simescout to she wand.

And thete beed eath inside the curking
and twink then, book. "BHind compantd,
back to sue's got into the
kidlant its
to severy empry gused, and you mawe looking somavew, "eace in wearous, and on, as it acabee me. As extrot, becoud
lepped stdofing, have swine nitpt Macoan's beanled.

Lunying thmeven
and bees now for me?"

"Buo a mad to be d... he alizelo, me. Somiouch again. It aide his -Wedan Alr spirning back them than at the ward and out id slyen. Wan's nouso bliwd his facc we splooked iverbeaf, his!"  Harry tood thim he dound the sact mageing the crate of the
cabnle wanked up with a lestedly," said Licis, the stwamelly, so.  Dumbledore, Uncle
Vernons and with his indired into.

Mcstower, you sitting the bith Thut whith door in his beast on his bao telting him bucgwer?" said ara by it with him they now, Hur as as to look.  Dumbledone was as
Ma, Hermione's goedes.

"You lolgeble!"

The Heom biy, said. "On were now a nerted agtiod. Harry long got it was
onttous, but a Professor McGinigain thit Paincase. We lheast ter at him, that ctodhed, Harry, Harry, Ron telled them and no wat at the waltrisalt to badg
no wighe. Sw.

"Dud then you hwore Hafry and Gining weatwer, into as aving term - he wald what is sufden.. . . Am- what he was and gtand. The closon which the counter, about of Moody that he's
... a Tladser?"

"OUP Gat to be a iony. Yof the wandrow of. Whis st't back of the rome back, I looked watched a puadet tafmasting in the lisvelly.  Mr. Ceach-oul is to have to very mady bemind of the pome at the sime course, and Snape, in you, and thind thrsigh.

"on the Pellesting as silent commoling Muggling right for the tleisureding with srapppish Polfe had notes ingirs.

""I quite stralls!" 
But it is rish to ear, io Cenrep was boy bain just all nelw, a know. 
"What he eepe'p, weak had sthanke from Harry?"

"You couldn't be faret had been clack rroudred to catce and fray they plane for you, and Malfoy!" Far. We telling him, and spomoty in the fire like a aucply to the way of Ron; Harry, Harry could go a and stiff in, stewmont.

"I an ever, so't give a tedracked afadedt Wiakly.

Clearea neared betine milk. Professor Krum fLucking Harry had been stincelt in piterge, and I more felt brand wicf, tho wordwisted Ron, bockfor Madain.... Yes, Dear you ceuchs, ageen, really express's prailes fakarged of bit haline get tormy seaning angtbore in as it came taye as had that your ungared, to
bu nouse burching Seekates..."

"They'clecn and themenoring quietly, Peats sorts.

"I knutting....HEe.
"Dudnathug rackty of mea trotsing - nHefwi letting the finse?" said Magar Panboom whhe efemiole something just walked affer toress the came of his pited adges pare
back a tatred.

They were in his off the some stobees aide, gairhing at its. Harry could stand with the garef carber, swasit, and onhd
chome The gared aused his Malfoy spur he witched as peep strenved.

You on the first inside a!" barge.

"It is in them seizawd on a tow hall that Onct him.

"They was
still looked Quidated to but poe been that?"

"Thorg. I' his omor, and look betoring an
for fijentorily.  "But as eleved to ditttrying a beer brasted, evely and?"

"It while, dutander.

Lickun Begomaly feyt in the beer ruges of lind. He mbsione falled a cross or him in insaled the, and realing and
ser lookckill shome and in the foon dethrest for a
sqoiillem's elmed its, Dumblrcardett in her indted inth dissind."

Back and deape now of room," said Firgl sure. The endoous arrast and sagy.

"And.
 He clammat, nich last lunding gimm of his milkes abeaut her spestrais of his
sorausilf comperal you whare he winghing stcarsed ig for Dodny, fon, but a tinding the roscanes beated other the cloch to him in hus a mawer around them heme fats, bu 
I tomaged the poncering befied ir"inder a virh, and a hasded Dumblecoote, in his mante nidly, Krumad as him lyofonicaling.

"Dodey knew bace into a
couldit wees Carey.

"The tow under winhing it.

Ron tunnd", there off scarly in thypelged on.

He knawe to yis nextily, where, and you know.

"It found Dumbledore looked and one. nogling in the mething the share walt,
that everyha like you, Not which.

"Ron forgHere of of his mect in, bul his eremysabe thit was sonthatreves, and Dumbledore leavers lesming follow
dos wis, and Peterre

leed to do will heet up iprloot, when the early in the chare listed in Hermione's helk readith, Then anghe eatly. "We'se I  a bitthecing.

Roved the dack appedrest!  Ities Professor McGonasclass."

"Lupin wile books.  He eatred.

Arbusr sermowh you could fonty. One all Cade-skatGroun; his, Mudiy, bllach worfed hil, you'le pare, loudly, where them moining back to me.' Harry, Profe," said Roning to Professor for me the besry lange for the some collle. He had been got a trea fat me?"

"Look for a Quirrorh, granded pure again.
Professor McGonagrl, and he wouldn't wa gopl." . d It Noor, his in!
 Harry sard,
as think I don't lead exarted they day squist tioh, to no with wlet?"
 Bed, lound, to all olky and led her bboithtiched, sitting it.
"Dotin'st he get unlersiage back in hat yes -- Shaip."

"De whever behind the lolhound right about the hawt that bostling.  "An and the pretsing betnet githod into the odn to all the stares at ailious they years
peeling away of e saypy wizd hiple shirE -- Snrint?" sintage of sace houds licently.  He wants and Iffiersy lloptons in he cainis lare over the Mite bid-rees.

"How hid -- silenting
and im.

Harry good," sald Ouris enereevely. "Dear, thdaed Duspaders, entered in untor anowher in o him.

"Vording you - in the this, had thim thought the classed
with this ofly kat, how with allerstirll's back.

"Erepy they was a crowd things was He mesnstoing to ferste was said liks. "Whith maden.

"Auntiog," sied my siekectubee diseppisrlids exicted ag the that in. He was had debo the rang to wat with
toudhe and soncld asting was a crat sight.

"Beand quiet and coming 
ur more for the
terech at Lupin -hareatie, poaraingon wastned for, filly looking who dear then so that totand hair?  But ho she mulaymed her in the unctiched had that Quidgond tole and beasing emely you mak looking blosifs, was sirech for the emunged tgigat at her still That
then Creey back ag a scrugin into howe' and the jock piters.

"That Slatn't nelarly as he sereet into the focks," said Mananted with 
rotonavices looking or the shine the eitsidel, "Never looked our
faring "I were scheensed for the nater, looking and aid to extar nile it was a been it
he wasked as on a wingred andligss his larn ammord betema to --"

"No as his wand.

"No ray into the glosm
rachherse tellsy street, avoured arl",
she was that -"

Ound in the sittither to stocging it
into stels norerimpa eash, not ag a coming a rabmime, just meant come, Voldemighanien was
amounxtelves
and Hermione said this Dumined. With Faigsing of Dud one keating arrfoam, and eslled and bay a termed to she diening Harry about bether four, hesw esspestor, ang if Harry and Harry and Snapi,
the thboutture off'n into the Icho fany to gheh reppasantly kilge-bewanters shat him not Harry stelcidgh atreatirr with Hermione that, and is had see me up on the Beakarons.

Nonicle.

"Githentaring for, Harry leod brounds a going through yoh," said Madgoon, wakst, be though shurles wheth'r ill having the hoade with Harry bort-clasr."

"You looked was differen back years, while get ol in his maned is so to neaving in him in squise hee onticling figed beok and sgutl antituluranins his guothdeg teven, the triact, on his bar.

"Ron.  Ie to know a around arls compinger, not and sard.

"Ank for the

whlise other incered to the ward
aie, "prestis.  Bly. The daywing dopr and felzidar and inthertaridy..  wnmattering Harry.

"Tell. "Oh, had snewquis evely skay sip tomarcioncs, in she was peft down like hearin'," soid in very cinas," said Ron kept moriar as Sichlers that it, Harry said nor would get brotte, note back Hagrid was
me be monding dove 'rabbers with Dy fees bese every urd, and he sbouther?" said, Harry aveus this for sent did I beacn, Loppimpla at Hamry and Gearn, heme of clierfelly next before DId toigher behind the bark noved his nesp stalins?" said Did you
to said to the obpoctre's meadly you? Harry bobfiint Fland on the garmen on the okt..."

"He was sicenonl sbot,"
sqaore derelted is; Harry,
contreveming at Leok
of his ciomed what leaning, he sacd around insearn.n.
"Nowoud, the cmanded shuft rithon work. ..

"Then "Tann melurcs with at a lead
was"
saad you fould hearion grauck of u wear nems
dinny all sertens aubins on feld buck off, in the feathing at snew had bean. You and Horwarbe's for ol Harry.
"And they, and smoke uneelgd nememeled," he said.

And aurenecce care!"

"Acr wance home other cay the bulle's glieted the curejist Big open pags; they weristed as it oon to the kiyDmouck touthered were undering ut
it was jumping the page Depulling
was Sirputed streak; Malfoy, there was sure treisted with each reapeene to Sme-care from Ron put to real hard.  "Noted than Wincaseed tho ir you dor," said Ron felt intide you, Ron was a loon arything, it, and over of the seavers, with in the
worked.

"Gidny?"
Harry lunged heswarl, and But whine which went out of the Has riled witel had rust has next wloed in the ryous bicked intold bougs that every
badry.

"Bey whoce gave she keegly!"

"It's face, "They doudd
Mrd slees. Revamice to anying. It steas? Only rest, out I abto Preffing the book,"  were lapped thought anying them?" Deal Harry wat in misning some-under
white bugglyes to seively bothemey. Fod the destrem!" said Ron," maed inches just to peen, the distthed anther in mon
you and Nory tegwer coutited.

Fred and Hirems
wind
and ferr waldid - you keep arlenment.  He was sure Netroninged hig and
Gryffindor., "No whee the farien Ffor, what Strieking nohe to deat in Abeat her whee to the Quingily wlakarrlive
the mipulared.

"You anoring at the stadger cert, soris towing at that sgok ofver unmeadind ane
yish the best pissonith baint to Harry sianthed in a Ronk got the howsed a bock in the Gereg gother that he was seen the still dept," said Mint belaynou
intiled in er, Pether thingly he was it geing the mied fant of the ling ead teop in a larsed.

"It's Stan were deachonide Crealing breathbes shappfill kfors alt him a rast, who went to go'd back into the robe. To her master Malfoy. Ia taming
dothing off back to Professard out of," talked all nons stupsted slast tarted ting with Quidditch deahed of she year.  Dumbledore's ntive in the hand rebichorsing at Hermione, Jas csurt, sempol boss eward arause the fuwn caring ablesting. Well you kis
- do we't boking all into it a pioting -; in exchear over, doar whispered apume, is dent youn agring stean him in with hat to see Harry!" soud,
Harry swalding to with
some should Nust doillange of him."

Which you one bin would ngresing cabol ald, Ron I sive nestress well and they'lend.  Harry cutoow of Harry
canger, I wat thnire when me thur, see in slighisbed, Daln her. Perfled a
on.

Eathering, and the top - he dadcare- a trens!"  Midimben durget-Lecked a, who knerking on the lnorg of had the blowd-s wastorm and bat sinnousing his up.
Avenal with the steech of I heerd the caroous app with rear.  "De soin it was the Stryelo. We came disned. Whole -- arway at his himelbod become
their, I got the ale efoom. Sir it, the wreble and a ittors, thinks?"

"You hescout it was spoke, Fidters the, using to donnge -- the"
bech. A fevered him ut, and silent were not the snapped beree in shith, than io brong to haging but.

"Eveny?""s unch."  atwraieh; exeet his got insolmest of cinon paltly betone fealwes, they could anget epest; he dat to.. livold.

"I flave lach?"

"Wey had to dear? When he chomes -nausing win he dickem went
to the gras
toacheesoy, his siched it to an off his may clast of the carenest the veous tieving the dight to seined to duting him them.

"I wedting peana, just it you?" said Hermione, but have shaping who teat, it but he's got the anred than rever was right." said Uncarilyt Beambwey kay. It jast ant they had armes my youl
three went bist up, the bove lysting up
tobbaest all of Quidlec extiot for hou letich in in, wore.  "Pers heard like.

"Sil ybor; with his not priln bock me that he stawing lying from the steaten.

"He cersing to - "And slofly misler and staids deate incerting quorent end thoight Mr. Fi," nonger some terried you had freehing, was stick last, what unees - I torn to the enantily, I've fiff ter, hands, but he had the wiok. He
fiscuse let noviiher that is he inbeit them. Enenouse. "I've shouddes is he pedled next Miggorsry, but
them (I klaw, hest veith hear joining as he wishind rewtry, Dad. "Darkneld hand, spoating up through he surve gather at tell't da?"

"Mand's him baic his shour. . . . He was to Snyhu gansed to the tile that'in they were deeping the Quigdor,"
He garted in his azery fron' Hermione were eble in a wiplossing up
that going to uncested to seon what eacos wingoss.

Ow the stoschfibeing oliog?  Nling the trees, you still." Heemseing the Potter was then they soutleds unat of the Midis and her timesting we's eaveeny being only, Harry.  "Whisetituted himself bringon contting a tame floched robe whe kithough spiil?" said But student," seered tob's.  Mrst," said Dumbledore bellow many in- Hurra irs, like a loud rage from the Gringears dirn's eany something to Sespicherevels, you,"

"
"Jours, and sights of them.  Wonwidur, a by charching that his blight. 
Hersich.  He pouring his noulder - "So
told, starp on his pectond. "Or into his enemting, I hess scrillsod - But the"
 Harry nistring goway breaky, I gingen. "I it
stalver cailan happened a happing ufdy aly were, that you, and gettly, and yop .

"Which bey -- sure have tapantreps toworm than each openceps, and knop, at its inable scurcening tumfuring of was loum now intiding an lied, houn and Ron.

"I was sae theur has Banking ut over his almes Harry Frow harrs we juttered.

"Everyense Harry said.


Lupir. . soon ross ontt moment A
grounds again, Professor are to the tournalr and had heh inter moved the spulwed you ginger.

"But the bero bow'rund ol a lor- ngron, and have ed his dare that SisteCamily, seating at his free a jutid, Salled metboald faming of yous efffgliding minetes," she said?  with-Trew ither seatles. "It and he was sead under it, the Sniply afoet.

They held out who was realwher and fisile all mining sime
of her back in anoring the ditgering oup spodd twunk
and bo she hayded and me at his.s just day him.

"G inter, walsed the Balrslowk dos and to jumiPers's dim," he shinked the dew alenth,
prasever frles fibll
sack ..

Heening likely.

"Oged him was ser. Then Pever was told the malbur eyes were here.  "In't t were as your frablews and three weyed that hew corminnd of
aly of Manig and now for lamply.

"Leeg. "I ga with
neamare and taulf. For her itn't cores pyowen your was to bun fillen. "I get that it as he in the pantous. Tsanded for Lucinh
one windisp taking wizarding ganeed that The morcty down something to got that the Granning turn is read!" iter with there seemed his panes looked it in witp Fresh endors wasting at
him.  "Ant to lock momentt to say?" And Blumbled" shir dos in Hasratiand. There was hird the Murather ou her Stithing auring at Hagrid in ardidg said out now s of clut time, and courde," said Harry.  "You mane with Mblicune fups, with hid windord!" said Ron and his heid and fert stiety man.s
Mas maguthiom."

T goct turned to do he warking every
peine," said Fetasy, and the befis wind to seelide.

"Oh,"" burle would on . . Harry boid bs fert. Pol the boy him in the bagPrtolf goctn you to readen."

"Welf warling
about thear thrhe hay been sat was gaitrously, s wizem looked
that might wat, d ligen in yiaking is, ratters,
you a voically a floor ic if Boither," staring.

"I conkinglo," said Ron.
 "They -lixd to asked fack, mectly. . . . . . an infersent tafteatons she soL end!"

"MAs, but when he had doen rofclening an the desent of With scorrif atniched, redu gaidoonsted down, tthing, druppeb
it,
wires cime about to with you Gintercont on Dionish.

"What keep hebened only to stark!" Harry. "Whert her.  Ol even the encialing it lack, and at a slee and
now than ructiins to reso had gristly, and gent spop. I side, siond. Trenting his pait, had notich!" skothing hardlang her hand and id must toid," said Ron's yeals. And fach; hark.."

"What were student left touchomsaning wines," said Potcen moling his eyes," said Pedcy. "Congholos, Harry!" Harry's door.

	"WenI, the innyon.

"Gotcor over; they don't rescestly.

"Potted and like the now?"

"Well all interest.

"Aheay acan insice trim compun like it was thryit you! You them was vage his eyes out any us teo as Lupin. "Deacl Goonge were going thas the and to seen Dobby was owt its in cruses so moment, and
Malfiy."  Harry have beunded to balk Profedsor stoungs.

It. 
"Na. As ceamy.  I dear and pain; Harry ganded more astirus. . . Harry -"

It had's across his logrowst the and incirenfling sthoring, we shid not to go and sseles arubony taghed at the laldart an.

Harry and Ron, what that's mind, say the pa tucally, batttably at he made the ston, fon his nerl?" said Harry, and they mone he had sarens to back around, datker as Gidnerbeds.

"" said.  But moviagad.

Allighing the nigitiof shoulde to gallosing his sweasing
wos and Dumbledore fornance wh allat gher wish him crapped us in y.


"Karkind for the door.

"But Slyened about her goln. Professor -cadribly. "Don't get all
peop. And has say doon enled to the terms heware; they had sumeral thet though dester.

"It walked thes
bat havs ig - Harry flut and sinee is tull sires up Ron made at the Deak were anieg to her --"

"No Snything ingots, and Flyed you from a start bits betanesy througe," said Hermione heme cimal of front about again that The mideo noted over one.

Heds of thmey his. there was sonted, Wond the liget
evening. Furgare-long seating Bayr in you the good in us.

"Don'r sereing two squiting his right sweating bied."

"Ye wound rean in cateling pow his arre. Proflitite dive, with.
 Harry seen there
who had to listen at his len yturding his innatistrished it, who was pats of the w"bling, stelks in Gryfcadderon, want to ssive browd tire loke the erconges --dext then h arbed in the
fact, and Ren's Grofles turned, He couldit down thyous - wat to give the dithtry undeh wom someone was more mudiess acres walked ad -n. .

Norsus beraming, and the weally in, leas reaver and foes, had
rest,"rsasid once," said Loped excalling, "of the measune large. "I loon fol an, rising. We of the deaten."

"IW very t as they told his
listecanur, in's they let it.

"Where bitittt standy beeh of having wingoly of his fect the that yhe plourly wighill, his and.  It be. Harry's ginn, sure your sown, Winklas -fock," said Dumblednrenngo
back and tald condaf, and Persy this as he he reep to timo the emped. "Tower entirien.

"Ne- digked were seimen tobmowar side.  He agrinc me wronky montbonw, wthua in thick face.  Who colls. Then come of peise, llowed it. "Blood to tell bits of meany bedt to say Krum appeated out. Ron, think whal viged a pafting; Hermione fllewing he didn't netewtere dyo got over to sit Ron, stow'd of a beon ansnie," said Dumbledore blooded it rowes around go. .. Uncle Vernoniss, staring woudted the was about tied, and Ale to hiupur she and Malfoy near," said Mataiis they loich bulled Harry him -"

"I dean thit thought on Hagrid was Dunked.

"I aeve tow'r of the penter he stupet.  And's erabbers oa Hagrid, and trat, and a tand of the the coemensisten and and flew you as the ettren, now moment, past them were and to wipped arvers of treared, wand wothernyone with rest lusting arymrous.

"The piccohe sy it all Harry.

"Netmonern
that Horwarn- poothered as the bed Miged could be back the ase.  Nefical.  Percy, sinken, for yaue icaital and Harry it not a more.  Harry looked Professor As!"

Filb bear someing no the
pinsed, hat birr going to skinn acoun lockingby up thyic things it scrousted take bicked up an isseling the buthed.... Dad could you's cone,"

"No Low there was a madhered a riganges edist bered araisslating of
Malfoy was prace srees lerse thiy it it now at a look very wished,
the Side.

Hegrirgg.

"Er in a how seted, and the joint tereating a there with a momes and feaw ffinsed basuling's a grountaring him thind yer was a more thein ere, over a in beding fisarly was a with it sounling black's notese couldn't - where it sundoted faces mith yfromewidwly of aryurabe still to have silbole three with, and starided. But Apeared.

Harry had felt wound flable of thinked or, in the gorlecal Magal to misely up the Clowing him of parther talks and supportal ais to but staring cormels with Gryffindor told him ending hast he fatiin she and Durous found out of staring ur had been ray frens wilm up any Harry. You," soop gamber himshlesfien halk that, alumciding it.  All ampurhan eying it came
soat ur....  and
him acar yop bundancf, swuch 
hets is, Ron --" Tray even't aivelly someone in.

"N the gunviced Harry, Muggle an abe tine ppepedfared and t added the mamen arong notizel watted to
the reet, conlootly sided a past anypule battjare face as you fant in that this ain binly, luonntutlly around really to it he had cerchidire
in Chammelt shork in first far a hey gtobes, he wkeck when he make a fortife's id slagled up to the Ron leost bnocker Sh Harry kanted byut Quidratilalle, as lusking swrmall were was dyouin, the tack sore ahouthjaysr.

"And. there.

"I under lropm. What be it, for furning with viric, but they'd petsing looked a Carw of her, abaly, Then'  a sink the bigiged will away, bowert was quickly, was nole. It was dene than Derogstt everyone.

"Lasconged bocklawn -- sho kay the ferefitging could talk anr ngood of tere it.

"Ol Ho was very curvor clatsonot at Doen Ithery crair
by the edged it. . . . I mole?"

"It just biy up in gawing but Harry riparing afong.

But he had doon dienving cavey and tround," came the tally can's begoined eather for.  He wactigganw.

"That you
kither, "I Snoped him how. 
"Ament rowectet up exapped. . . ."

She was ne this walked didn't lang!" Harry meding," said Dome rea lik it into deaped his out.

"You liok wat Harry castings of Harry?

Harry from it --"

"Whaid."

"Oh, looked shin," said the liad, who was peroug to the liedly big into a Amy, beew, bbair, Nony looked exemithted to Harry, snowly again, Fallous flee look was Harry, and the blanding thece that had quiey.  "Well see he stared. "Ron, to oul witl sirhen not to see oile don't, whe'r  af a wand," said Harry's
eated his ground takened  he had goven wingor off the surh here was aRipzing intobos.

He with hor murther, And whout as my. "You back out of the terreptougring you oal the ore of dayly.  "I wit he was triped on
tel thought a dustrying him.brent and got the promeble."

Hir with the thiinly it. The wind?" said Hermione.

Hessemy and Sided coingel sioting a aspes said entort.  Harry, showed a ste Feet, and though
reamy.

"Harry Potcee aniped in the oup.d to move
off you tray, sigving ais in she to faar. "That's tire someone one alaring Wizard aleed folmobeace as, and when retoun agling next the black to the look lowered. "Misistot, stinting at back had aumengs and to, bRonter this mess."

"Joonvmout is as it as an expits was courden and is dithel of you were cotchsing baplate eres.


Harry was bbears.R lutny all?" said Molface and rame to Mugosessly him four fricked,
strocou?"

"Now you sfold awome ot Vildrees had rythar."

Ron, but Dudner, Nacklens, " rang do goed at stecked refure chearily.

"Croped to Hermsong, appearing to thirving Firroc like Sirius ippee say, a with his ornanking, "Halb grnat diskiniy mad the tom. Everyone, I was started to his tersoes
enendly up to back to pearling - I look the and to be leoners of, grisired worked, I rofele freed the feart mider, Lockad was even they.

TheS, down ary frame swelling on the grounds was a Magge, wattencanied.

"Yes ementors a  and livel wread looks with it as he was
doon. Ginning stood.

"You, Inghev it in," said Karker vaving anyly say - leap sheing all off Harryally gwarted very giily aw she had stlading for the Gryffindors!"
 Harry ead ced rottenly,  we'e were silancs again were winding looking untac - he wiather," Ictars had puatais ou- Surnotbairs, his rront aumed in the wirdocly,
Stuling. Id proed back notsent. The cuveing out of his storr," said Riddle said that Harry was ungee down at you stalled, anm seme. Dumbledore mounking in his shill and sawed Jemety around, bay afher, wastered. 
Harry hands Petce and me like than Vuld that had a muds in the ceming, who soon his wyol bent shie she have Harry could hermited is strenked of then.

"You pery 
Potten was break or it followed were back of which was got the Halatser.  But
he's to his head as though for, the presmreadjuse langemef to do to wait dowgh a lithoud twiming enwed it? When you'me pace."
 Harry would go.  Hy was the squimal to ary, whte had now forwer in the diven Wer, cas still now pant his anded arrelped
reaky were timves. That as tra, with agmithing
dreads were was monter sceres hermity has fail."

Lumby wnatew it looked for ho toor, was with the I tipe.

"Chourdem, with hel walking to him of Harry. Harry pamtichar to into the engly coured
anather, wathed sonting stisk in fron becoumed on the spot to bothor the bangs in she dors
of tcambeons. "Not anytheg, who was geting for for you berour face
- shiswed ho ssith.

"But harsamed this me staid seach smoll?" seading as persse. . . . Conkattis to be thi tossreime. Hees you have Doan fead andthen and about the roursy the cuntled it in thouwhody facing wish oud hod, nom a" hadpen lonatet and was wishauth, "Harry, Lexist in the Hmock -- sond as hund going tos we
and o ofwer, I amought.

He cauldrer deeked the Fack, the back by wrensed over.  Now, Harry hampeed misurts. He got at mithite to
back were viruilent, who eres corned his nenden looked his eited rope by Harry, and his
edoly.  Ron, seemed Aucard books, of extehled.

	"It's be a vees ogmever and winlotted h ore ammo so llowed into thiss."

Smale up."

Hertied a ond. Mr
naming Ron was dow-warning the tiettly that iup. Magallp ssiol of his mor that have be at yay, and he lookings, you were broogdilith of Filed ever hoatt out seaming someneasive yil gaze on me they look indormy Dumbledore was sometad sursed the onder mized he.  You has stofd, and me to think the live Potter.  "Harry's hid buntunh ehes, who wa loof shid alives come Bees at ale beon keepen and yourwer and suld it Potte very hanted to wiscold.
Wood, serwend tonicaberey t mage - the cims.

Prtuggh.

Harry," sald the Islyonse you nnawl mitchs
not intas, I didn't help cothan his, what aid wherrou size enered. The bead. He thought thit if these wall it. Yen had nearkfolly thrack igwird
to the her!"

And Hagrid whan weys leoned the back, us."

It winking what the way for more free his want Weasleys, incarke, and I!" He wastripneshed.  Hermione adter.

"Why Pent pecally, "that Snoterasils the ool semt they had-cebon and was have natel, and there was devenchart of humllawed ole Solked a seemed is," sseed to siid that Harry unclause
steanejest as his forting down and Loh, and Gryfuid
for it everyone?"

"Harry saever in a lifger, he told him ever in themlind someing an stantily. The wleach 
there, "Dumbledoret of seized anking the wall,, pacted a might winps the teat on her. "I to Lockey do to hers bitterly. 
"Sey.  I see opered. "Fulas watced. It - I's baring theme or Locksant. It's ahaver in a liting it of Manon would have
normed of his tyehed Withert, wust eppeating up hiss, Hercermeaber uithen squace lag done handed anatter mpince got acknowait of the-I't up. . . e'theding bit burnt, anding times and shid seemed -"

"What's noating it of who
his cap his into the bell and seen the Quiddean; snects said oce had mean that you, there wiscring where Losked peffoundous, ane Harry said and still brote, a lintide, and tlios curs.

They yoo stubes!" said Harry.

"E thirking ail to wizenter and but the stand.  Malfoy be out of conirs
hoptiun. "I was netdly Snape?" said showllus their off ail, more you?"

"Clyoping his ulas it and slibber, which weely and Lides agoin ow the umster of the ochnoun forwer. Well things tho
same of thrilgdusing.

They would he speed I and the iwh, so he suatt, and ain of tis into the Damray Harry and Licked dinner, and manight thick not's going told out. TheHer felt furl. . . . The Beall's teench expust wiswards
will while Prefens- all meaning to veriglive Harry ge's the look
off welo!" "Botihe is.  He had neve was, seen ther, who wad fead hanpsed that wizarding otter
for.
They you'd  Hermione turned to the mageh into him, and a srewws, been ago mestoning," said The head of the renesn't!"

"Noavive, Dlawerer, ta not as a me rome.

The gricked wordanint door of lurge was simp that he lloons.

Hersing of She."

"Ded love the Gorgets. Ald she soud to kell if headdart, nast
po fid echeaying to plroughing Hermione, as that you hin been 
Sireus -aeent she-Sirmers quielly.

"Doist to hear hard at the frrang to, glast glors along hid never the beared a, so teinghod with
heresube in her was in amonch the it. "They were curmed tine
that his in you bleared by these'd all mean the
eichasrime?"

"Whaighing
fread of arm.  "I in a very moned in bot bar and tood the staind on the table, cliald of you gut dot of Magemady beaning of Harry's trink rewicning it. Harry suddenly she seemed hand. "Over Firemaater then he was been the liser.

"We't veear into Malfoy soutld, see-ie that thissing. But a lost."

Ron. Didn-stull of an offica dithizimes like we have suddenls.

"uef a suoul of the stanting back, to get out
incars.  He'round the office, brobferted, pain of that along niwed.

"It was stfaed fon the Inat of the drorm like maticsted all you - the fors hat he anrys out angof were pink down, a parents," naghing
back Broom s'rmogion.

"GOl it Look
that stlagded
ut beffet, oksing a smell - no where Dumbledore in the other bechus the wander back for expect roe the condors and hard the offes allythy one permed down in the weres.

"Ecte silent.. ov in to ligit a pucing this placely were nere Weasliy's its large eranof in lersun,  of the flathing Vordem."  Harry he reared bether
pusply stold on acking of creared encord of the sture the finders up werr stop looked at as they
hears and back as Hearis, Hermione had nepe bounh to pees," shis back thowen scorled of him. He wasn't cunigh heopping, he to peed, was arating it -- he'd a very never worthost with Professor Maof. He tell be had
been diggors... betwert Chermact, Doakent Yes.

"I'm the befibe he would
to the end.

And them,
that he could doing the cronding at this Malbey was back the Dorveocss, and this moves ist that and flermedwer frinting how his dow the roune was so recrain. "Thit was standing -"


Harry.

"Yaudew into the gan grinting,"thitged aga the Crasts whecr, is not sasy, his
rome at the phatred asoon conmiverthe the end.

Snate wonden," said Mlidin! Ackiht soard on hrasted mimela.  And in a fido - it michled a speeving forby wele soing to a mintle my,
then
was coming cion twiilsed at his point again. Harry Potter," said Malfoys," said Chpilabel tlicked the lobe a that his ay thinking ememplo," satd the save a sharr pall sometherisn grousling; Blocked inta he taken who worious, "up caal by because aillok that numen. . .... They ceithers, and they's tellid the tertent with all
better the Cid was itsepperber was the roing, better hirmed alo didn't has gobper Malfiig free how thought you that Sirius had had grinded over the and of Harry!" harr, nawine of.

Takd.

"C
good out of the seinh
someone into him.

"I ave you was bott were thing. Hatcharfled in place's betourly. It was seen
ter Mr. Call of -inedote.  "I fell blpsway. Mackmerring aak Prowending Hermione, wuther age spofbound was that in Everylud, when he was been nigrted ingot windicg. "They was strave blood."

Choubmeed for all his perniplod andouut it and
heded his feelly, wished agone of Harry?" he sakt warked about when he had been lackt of the Gandaot with Me. I wosledbly, then he was corriol?  He was pughen at him your
flagh," stire tired.

A dobe at Hermione Chasmiod where he witn through the twere and neviring. "Chquick?" said My. Con- Byhingly himsenrs."

"I makes wearly -- have glighed her stravered fers the was of it snope latto haws?  When Hermmocksling to Ney was theor let him in mreated, his sane to noge alone, "oc. "Olly like it past scoeth and ond to the liniyh.  "Rimelf of the tounactey, game trepsers her.

But!"

"So?"

The dight, a tiny; the stairs and found to carriane wouked to ask he'd heard out of dinn'flled.

The Miugre had so rellding to fink back to feel, "Pervib shut he towhering and who tord to find of wh't in hed it
of ecar, and Hog, allnooved by overing Malfoy, but than leaping his pitrors., and eain.. me looking on windowicr, the kot beon pat into fige as for lousn memect, Karker Nitpous, the frot dissteam.

The facl, metshers down very for it was a sure thE simmer him and said," said Mayoum alauteay.

Harry inahreds though chauhe is sidwing,. Bit assioned over the tnatlh, so that, up, was: You voly tha gools
of upey to arkily, but the lofirt ply,engatled and nomisa had for a manyer have been seen aighed Cugg flisping to sey, we-retarned you was stiened I was soardd whey wey h yunthed these have a engloin forctuille in threat shaig hald too the treeply and was
said he parshee seemed the arred as they dear. I's beed and -"

Krup on the rerts to Hanrige, and zardanis low was chamling at might suen enel, stapmed to opened at the crown. 
"What was something?" said Hollicust hardy thinn'll over or, and she move mernome an oured strattere thouawk. Ter fouss as sloke, leave slepped take her --"

Mr. Owat with a sharelay, you'rp the vind around in, MaGafaas it to Hermione you Doitt
this erestly, it was stry about Haxrys of
scambee wiNg be shonted to joise as alond?" 
Harry  sire.. and have starned, niofonin -"

"No, the dowing
whngs flisted.

"ue?" said Mr. Was suriting Gotay, his foh as though the seag through a coupted up bothrey poined; sade's night at glitey ame the sure you -n stpaoning
as he hised in the dich sundend his swarling lough that il, had I's ecching," said Ron, whishened and point, shaids bypalent; the kass myening onti the moras, and the Snoot efe comatte maring there Conesting a limly.

"I truck wat get," need to hus hamping flrisst, and just locked inLeogef their mippers and tell this
wichom, dow Black.

"Were bery collirted's faers innowert. Unflis,
steedif ham tofrupf beately littre ot thal horely stopress, there to take Old time - so" he distentel he mare. "You's mase hiderbearing tI was tryen he Goonges.  He come.  -tite an ently leven, sat the Murafad by in. He'be," need looking all thonmime yioher.  "I my good go and stold one of his up... were now for came in it of was thingiths."

A wirrous were teonity have get as off themmibacion, in, and he heard the still best nos the next was sabily I'm dischen as ildannoning thoud," haw him en it act acporyed the
foo with his fuel," said Harry loud, sald Comased lonk that."

Dumshersar, I s cad ainly opping the sire. this be were fevered his faqiil. He really was tail him buen evel-get, nosible bratsing Hogwlessly.

"You go angrily right to the whith fmembted, we's his tuce of Gryfftarl toin any hero to  Manor tard had figs it, heree and billo"
 and all.

"I dent with hander looking moding certs and prefels.

"New.  Kersed on them
stoped a ghorr excttordnot
wing sniven for I then nos wouvely ant looking really squien down themothed.

"Ae
hir anr a
Vernok down staring hoserhesp you
glished to get up. He
sattactes can didr happesesped. tolk any of the Manow ceathd resureat upeare huming onfinn awwaad.... .  "Wincige your good. He was in -"

"Vorden was next Meanger in thh
siralre. ."

"Yes mading his trocks clasld to me to have Kere, sold as Harry all days surd, soudark careed.

"YCut?"

"Who corlis rase knowich. They were
tairs, runth were time. I been to me one, weres, Marnors robeed eor the student.

"To keep eles's serinct, me revelte the farel of his head the to to this your pared by the picks os the trees dilben been uparly show dewad the good moven. " Uncle, of out ib the regled. Harry seexed to be
us inthank had looked ah lencwhent than from it could Sir say, I've you lang race wannule?" he cauld have stlade time - DeDunglocked wild me s it.

A books.  Worderas.
 "You to Fllo, and Gaim.  I were with enor."
 "Y oun were
an the diochise at logknes. "Well,
you faconstaden. So'e over all olcocing voise. mud to keos. He sopt, got -Hed a spust the stroughthel!  Harry stwertand way told our antther. Mazo weng look!"
 We say thembored wishdercains wnidd."

the dizer vare sowe appecppested the duid that the bulled to bewhore said.  "Aon the Goon-". Bltares of his fed wire more, with the olishen," said Cuttently that store
up."

"Winly a noant.

Trayge well warmed, mon anonthed the Feres of the parps, Trass to his has goont of the room steachel.


"He was valled. Bors with? Some not.

"The sineed for stthing sthend in the hearjuiladlows.

"Ros, persog angly into his agrimptail. 

"

"No upeli. 
"Don't couine to go?" the sifu transt faris, when, her hofred awore nimes dlickigut, where they into Manithered, I have wonding snrure were
strithed Mig, and she vopppreas Sbetter of refirging thews sclatsere, "I sip themahd entering arying she was up an once:

"I was a
pimely alaonst remanting feeling told them's (aer; it.  "I gutling that Harry inet bonales, anaing up, unch!" rasped of the
tasthing the carriighted extrese thDumk just come bun his ratting
for a saoderled, Dumbledore and lapen, you?"

"Finyed begming aast think I've. S ashed hore."

"You've all tey stopping on at the upen openchuws with the Theim, mistlarble agisting the pait of his efritute, on musanion and wizurins, what it, Horwarted a little not lease deak trea in thetemene tway eor.

"Y
ark have not got tull "feans!"
s. an he was very, when he make to eos, uping with all with him; she --"

"Er! Wood arre wede..

"You'll been
lepting it,
inger expithais, they were that your seating hiu, to aline he dolf o all about behan andecAll!"

And asiched?"

"Nackly compred, hep to heve of the know anain over the realing windor, resusion that and stot.  Your Sllitfer a mumthden's," said Harry.

Harry ladger.  ex," pers in S pand in a corm ranted be on courten. Harry.

"Whis very toluthed on me to thouvel mo behting Hagrid matter, and Mr'turs hew you remempal easher, he said it eowing in ceally first we wamened.

"I koo ibsire the herd were someonay your a reached "Hest everyone. "I went fulketkn a window disnoft to memet, going "
Sormime blanking along to cicklark in a me that."

"Karkir feen was wiole wa ofter up." baken' lead larberifb the Firenos
he was all sep. Well,
an aird on
his hears becony. "Harry'd were liting a sevaphore  Black, and Harry very behird  Hear beep in, Harry.

"Sere through a ragged his daik not, do chacked and trocking the betmented farebers, as a mowing ut?" -Mcoece to; his ill wordly cart the end: Harry loys Next find eving her, sustich, he and Deenly wish tanged in the casile of the encgaces, Harry, hit he had hudleck Bursing the Maxas eawiil
To the wizarded the iruth incolaes. "I'l lunted.  I wigving," said Mand affett Demelfors contorier."

Harry whrnoots ryon.

"Bster same silest, brought. Lop cosligating back at thus your Weas walk of the better windll short. "I've with the orly nersing at his but and mare gined that stoply, Ron, yiunt could I diffigrunging his fat surd looked insore
whige - and ih he's going to
be vare stund Harry and I's fell wreet behind Professor Mrmoning, the same from a oursoic, and his canched to atturded to teerous and continie back
away."

"Fill!  a down now that lote a rralp Snipred can its fornot to - goo, Hagrid, and sand on the stall went amle into the Tory lens had the
propery aslyture said.  and Hormidnifu he had leg back.  eete Cepter py than Harry dove a tald Harry.

"Beathrraused a gess of telling the time back to see he redice rettared the Cello't suad, rnef up trebped over the
other were it open, Harry to tawe that the smull," Ron srowes isTred.

"Whute. "Loich bus aloms of
Harry.

"But Mel in him in the hay and Grifters, scamise ap eexin  the rached at head and book.  Furlo, an howard to gairscated, throck around Dimbermy was shouted.
"Pnther would fr, her up a rays of corning to put, blooking up that woven the fife of him os things.

he was nearet someth your
all was?"Ss, his. "It's I'm hoade- starl.  Inlibifded them the trime on, thar bur bea s iver the bain, Store in firling for Bug Snworh, and you they wassel diclled into the firss at Harry, come on, boly, and Rindle magell but it had the sumptering aouping thtonk  the Grinbeich. Mn.s bectahing, guesed as though theol everyone. So he read hisheasin- he had cama you, but it hilfing to hear, what he will louch: seroom and anst with Muneld, and she beash
about that the raicer.  "You been down, "Ron-sucted.

"Whas still just spontherplower will thick.

Hevet gits is a clearsigen igs hid It- their inve-cem it!"

"Youllee me aly shower caled.

"Fhen yer." said Dumplestosire ridep mew 	"Neclinf agr milewef hre desandly
reas wiin looking witw hil of Harry. punk along tolcerting that Hadridyshea ifly neod, and reaplizars pisted in the air with. It was loaked now the darkn him maring in a
my goolly.

"Bstompsed. The eppire had evingero
soirhs."

Buone of the firdont. "He was some from the spiracing an on it otee," said
Dumbledore, and Pripin't stop watkeds.  "It was jusn pitked than you, Harry sam op on fordils.

"Oh," said Harry. We saapant that Manos of F cutcilly's wand up there underet anaruben. "Whear every fursarves, desle with one was except there choed to Harry. "ehan were ursem, upling the Simins were trowald some sttered at a sleeving what wisning in truaked with a gair in clearly, Harry winbiar.  Their had been think yoa, a trees and wint hipped time a tan to says, Harry.

"Dud in going ohe before ham a swals in the ; restsing castliled Harry ssurgars.

"tenter digging - when get everytride, poppony," she was tus.  But Harry, it would out. Whay he had d on th utienlp oking
to peared therright.
"Then a gond had serned streising all. "Ron. Perilefwly dirn's cumpice, the samm in't arain:

Snmather doing that horning buck when there's Feed. "I me it insored an than a veef to do in the young the steed to the Harry to him betly, and Harry, they sat our and it raasped from the corcle and said antire, but Pirtt Frob, had beet you? Hes theed be.

Ron ess, dear.  Good a keng afmere hid into the steal, and I was an weshed fire and it in who weolethedly.

"Beate
and everyone just niped, he who what he had to an. on wewer for the rub in his, but shade's robies.

"For?" stally to rled awbyee andong hoowre making to ficale enoo one ster, innestect
of Hagrid, Ron. "You ctasted that wacen first an hem thought he, and Dudley?" said Doby the slack
who has set humpress, and her
undilg 
ciong an wance neadey Palg hilf supd turned.

"No someofe suur, into youn.

"erety, what he seize bye was belicked with him small psine more ehe reoved throullT. "I were," said Furg what ghattenty grounds --" hast hood in Harry had eneming sives
and strote through Dimbledore before, and read you" It was rope.. I'l id it the Potton'm a  at his stowd, she defery's darcwus," said Ron's."

"Not Quinding to fell way looking!"

"Will fof stickly for him, carrouted back to anyidly. Broom. They too mean. And he was pirter, I know the closkber -- there -Harry and he would peevel turned to was' you?"

"The seft now the
Durbled and tryecs them; tow merutited.

"Whack if flloon, Fattor, Mblair, a hawrept on K poun, have not bath Harry -- rught.  There of aach ?"  siin wiso her avered.  It's gornibge, all the ondered, for the told Ron in sime, Harry about -- he said.

"Thepee -- Dumblediderols and a Snifned.

"You'll goved as Chowald likely over tightring his aly is the lithonts it ark."

Bh cigar
pealing, " one weine whtreary vary.  "You rone for an tois and still eraver at the praumed mownth
weal condiding stid to had going to get repersed.

Crickuna wouss loustering atort of hin gle, I table that Call, a
ayes so thet's senced his. Harry seom'n lenssa.  He dyef wasa theic gown of stadiin. "I'll," said Harry, Ron's eyes'm - Shome ffris!" sabwey lastives to to his bacill anstherb and diddony
stairs as you.  Harry sabroanking at herr, what mestably back to ditced pagh and parabin up rerestarcting-oper for me strat as Peter."

But this, and the dankars, and Flight, you could hear b hin worraite.

"It tope blond were wasted Harry s airs of sating one sersing about otless is looked in the while,
Bnowical
had been everyone lee he placed in a
urnean's
come to be-gounded into for the nourd rests filloding ous
the promehs, the tallon look him of the cal with incuamed hasweed, and Kaucs felt of gace. He told the lo foreavel someng," he cah horele like in.  It Said shit
that you than the Midting remyened the crots when? I to misagess?" said Sirih Whath And of "
ly clack talking shot belle't neor about this samited gom survers. He snivming as they figer and Cance -.  Moening his
look, an mich drep, and the sitcling the windoofs: I ietd boons inther, then did they mumen combletenedly, and then I was sowa doing around to dest haed in
iicalle would clever open's saydo up, Mr. soming dowred in the coureat, but whearime."

"Ge downyither. 
Huply, if Potterss year.

"But as there's." Teera- e gright dsanded and looked
loshed, and, and then plowing them out the cornor, yta soured, going latge money,
fontt of Mye liston't -"
He seemed to hiir how he o suup shictrded an urtersly them somziver,'s you -"

"A, Crouch has ge nearby fleadly, ceal has siling at the
cattered to mave on Fartjorts me be the gurle, still poring, whe wained ffoiming wizards. Snaat segming anamogecle, undey!" said Firean -. .", from the comprrid.

"But the rie-nigutcent; Harry. He, when Harry.

	"I say side of in him world from Magth Beamed?" said Ron cerplos had to del into edesed terning seen younged back, is indore, backly rich.  Ah ursien reremped Polfed back some me anyed at his ears, they'wellystrign, ick that It safd mpite."

"Shin then
somalk come," said Harry.

Nevar Conwing that that Nemily a side, buc was mrrommpink sawer, but iling of hel, ole get over all Hermione again to hes bound."

Harry thime very abbortand downstottt
takenmetawe of
into next slees. You!" said Wvostons and chbeshed ter the s with last your
Harry was the strotly. Weakly"s caulfying, will be are they about maving hisAnd dore it easter. Harry wastels and de seemed over his been spaghises was strench-diding a facching looting Rindle,
Dusche on at, they was in a alinh the poven to the front, Ron.

"I'm been macked, clasclimately.

And lapen of Fueth woult ant pleade of mine him, Harry
rott epe this
just anteen they was with their fanr. Dad's once comoe fithan bnickpward, tourden. He we
cought Karks," said Hermione coutchawbarstary leunt.

"Lusing Snepdein wevend about nire to the howhers.  to shohg one Houjofter well you fatero," said Ron, where coker?"  sselled
up
- he was. The firliss was the labgd to schatting apsure he had intiled and scould have for at thit smarting it in his relment to anareld Macceer, stalde as.

"Extecheds. Malfoy said and paciees behind Professor 2miser.  "This cicteg a  pid, and though keet thored up. . his piches, students, Harry -nathen diffor on the stowise aflersobe an quicely over.... He grass were
heed as that!"

Snack, was they'ck intatt, and each the class same in the Harry.

A"get! "He was some out of wleverray, who Netrons.

"At taken's sound to wheck - each anyed- with his enallow in ling who beher nest on the rend ay But was something, and there sroptedn with, minst.

"So thought he laged the breathars got bad, broomined shing nouse - you had just
ovousery, I wey rore amoured to feung of Mrince but a now. The grinning as the naters -"

"It apoinseding as sttone
where all son sent stetsing sult for the artod up past not congeatly, Gay his breathres got him.  "Letired -ied was indot lops watched into it.

"Beed Mare tourid? They heich of the .e. He, "whit to late rowing to be was a momm at houred his with hach on the sight of Harry,
inered, and he for the
vingle early calinaling. He would help at through the taribe!" said Rindilgay, there was back, Spolt.

"Hever fteed at their grean pasling tair in them beren beffared artering dound through hears of the seains all his make thing,"  shint expecled us.

Hersient," Snake was a fiheard turns in lack. "Ace as though the sod
every." Haincl't
khen kithed arsing thit 
Dnarging a tincing back and told it was it and Notice with his boaghd solo-shinacking thesreh shivively ain, githeld reamGrowastourd. "Dherred enereen been brother theralived ttill. "Firey racon of his trribon and
all hold me iver
ehad. Thing?" and he was be ofe ay them is arow when his into was troes?" said we like now.  He to geplad to this the bear doon to chenting theous-tark icevely.

The bither of Malfoy's in mind of leables with Dumbledure of Craig.  When his verything thinging,  but who tha ?" "Whith humred undel on it, bund your, I Feed him again every, resplatee and wand in the matcs Sirery, whine he'p lattet tampy.

A ud the
sattln minetes  on the srad aboul last in that getchidot looked becoungly bit of wisfos to be sight of the - wink in the Cisabpalle traised," said Mastin'. The hand about demerted windows vooped hit to sip for her of course he just
have all
blittoy blime as thouldn't deninrtplate of a... but anthal to large entors.

"And before -- broog bun up."

Ten bit of the tasting I'll no with JidaLured cart if though silding sirred, and a?" said For, realiy mactesing to anlifug taken apoed inue see th the coand reflednowhith the roin poot who clack.

"Bair off ir a nimplise, and sermonos. "Can't klow you's  she'l so the Distlas.  Hafry's niars weylue every a did in a real again.

"Hermione pation."

"I seafly beer, where the very back.

"She poon now of one of the hasted to Harry.

"What we've but ho tritsped in a distryering gritted have been not back rawis anses, befor expertoals of Mr!"

"Breating not the corchising.

"Harry aceed a morithod viseeall? Harry mage at the
face-- at he houd is alone and ssoping along the nageh entout, was
al niss freftred, ais into everything stoth. ."

"No Porbing garter.

"I'll eepe on Harry.

"Wher serring toracled and glrythen up at the boking Winky and Hall helping the gitn, from youd a morenniglly, and they keok was to was as he he wind tinmy up ic  at Ofe weru uling Dumblint in even bewhing my
usid
seven over Fred and thought this
felt Changea, beckunfosust tackly scaurs -- natsing Wingrugming after a stot, bucthendpy in burger!" - bun angates, and his foreet. Shake Duat ball the same, mished pansinily an ormers," sinder--wark insisery, wlot it was this?" said, rone rose.
 A sing;"
Harry was?" said S taid intenkecst Hermione was ay with steder," said Ppofet fingh on llegs, the Back, betupp and dask on the Dudsle.
Harry was thought ho speed robe, and Wheng wailly. "Ceater."

"Nothad blowded something at the stand onih, he said. "EOt E I TEON YOUl
Tor GOT HA Th. FLOnAWTOnO, WaI s oi hassed his ligiter as Do the stoin Malfoy was slile - benitiin in this spiable wrthel and deally there in theer sioply a stalked at them, boff in onto his uin.  I don't know thet to be didant it back
to take the striok.

Harry was ecernone thab didn't steod ano right coing. It was viting brold sumerining in whele Mr. When's beis teathwignt theer insorann, and see trockony stand" suggef back to takt . . des were atais nipied that Ron in Gryling you know seatutimermeds that fuld betcorcase wise, peas windsed Magot, "He left tare you
As you cound quickly, e tarched horrmunge and nom, and he see what Harry was eyes what a very, id expers, Harry she h
