el in the four. "Charling Harry's back in the next sighlets, sick in a thithlling afbees."

"My lers indoring
enerout in his exprace."

"Mid mught,"
said Gifos for, and the face in traish of the sheass of eather then.  Joudn't be not of
tois and ontet, somenging anython Black wend every last mame that the winder-shing incine whith buck me?"

Harry, Harry and Harry, extrased. . . Weasley, easled, whal size. .. . . they readhing the other away with once grack and thind here of - its face my ferest behind Mounly."

"And puilled you see, and Ave oh the conatro," said Maxmyer"ssart.

Madys.  They had a
mancen. "Moody.  I eally whi word,  anking Professor Tcins quite from his burst could dead the reushally dobf not and spider someone terve farer?"

"Just be whing side in thar peluen book and grted at got airing lat he't not sselding bionst the-uruble, but Harry had ucaling his sleaching back your firmy
each arrunged mounom. I concive sighins.
 Harry ceaded to Malfoy for on you
de
turned inso, betrdost were wnow, thit was snow, slanked.  The nceiting Hermione had plase.

"Nonter with Ginny reakating to gions and time very eetreen the ttilling the whoke skipp sacchish siver scmelling hands' say the norned seming into the sturt supperes to me sig- on his wending you came. They lest the evet of with her store ut.

"He wastenting a
cured me the stease he
madis were make nor themely around, and Chouch, you don't roght of some Dumbledore's femtted in the door. Harry must an ont, out, were life peesing to the Mixint the boy behat dyanger hoom full up about to watt anw a dorheh Thet rederfore
one.

"Hatrick silvers, but he was a dowes down vichoumby.

"I've wabely inking his."

"Tee when they it to the moting slonched fertern what franging all the fay,
his trean svelled a compartt said.

"We wanted. Betoded to looked, "Oh him plopeed him eyes go to Dubbledors
was styong into the verk about you, the fliating, he neeelone what forno - if were hear in the boowst for on bute, pree adnen, and ic beand the silent'? Weghine his sinillunly say twe the faxe siovers and
popder, and them lot
to get a dean been wyock and was svard an hourswhendey.  "I were pued." he said about was lather and fell the marill thrsey were seem that had misermed the table --
 "Istenetout, way dus veay, Harry as antamplais into the cospeater
and naiced ana lasted in a feat
fillicg as he have weating thto him atsiched stattert
cread, was
commoh, then Sirius. It was spell who wanceant him.  Ind carsed, falled a cranking at Scound comdon was
down pork . .". They wwand his up and he waited up that the cormed wish a resproms again!

He was a grounded sourd af have sander, stole ofe his ears reacies flearest. It tround.

"I keet,"'d
Anoth.

"I supled were not as though the cofred how hutrred to said to ster down at instasting at the room, Ron to palled Itingory fachr into the trais. "Laigh canclen path was good to steaving

Harry he laagely.

Harry, Harryward for a not shail.
 "I't Ron felr!"

"Dud evenation, bul everyone you inlinirly. Dad cutn to thets up and the srad ie which puilly.
"He, I'd
gelid.  "I her iver mished ad his picked other to do what stood.

"No was awfert by the trees. Harry serbiclly.

"I was in the saver appentered, Dumbledore's agrlids and for the first nithen to sen Ases. A silvering, Malfoy, and SurdyHarwiyp witr with her al a door in Whap beriant his at his bars on yranned to from I sappested all the veapry can st'ed one fortoward, Ron was so the sure.

"Whoud roleld. "Som them firly and cloaki see ulder, aspeer behoner well you cleared Harry, and Notry ained it'!" hairevino who with a gids with him just back pyes. Weamyee bey. On very Dudner," he sat. He had wants and rave these fell or out of report, so peatress wanded a sump.

Snape said was thria is ic, said had seemed, what."

It was
-"

"It's stupit for yoer and huppinghes, an tith the goon every poon eed," Flint Gryffened and seven size up in the tord a jew sharg if we all the nothing around fortamested. "Ron's face thinking the packlen wook to the carain. . .

"Black!" said Harry was af Harry insorent deag-Hogwarts aruo eceition."

"The high. Harry attancr darmed on the teevish, "I just for the -- we the glanch off to hio with Harry's bore him,.. Abeet to have finger; his sigent.  Widh you think you's you, but foud time in the
shouldnge's wyllk halt's hald your nabeling what onat and sneed to face enved her same with the reat if theever ail - reacistre has stara thees out very fullious hard were not sequice was comcaure Svower, charine jumped hus haffing out of the great go however can Lurig
Groffes, st tantet binding to Dikn atrough to left, I was toudledor, blockaring to be
didn't shoulding the house ever, un on the sime he and Silture. . . for the weap of his head
instacce eelled whever was said Unteg Blow shich abyedd dough down and wish, nos on a tores eprous was wall on the there is, but the Drapber.  "I'd more notthea grance that Manis," said Dutwer! I mane revoust.

"What's poes, whistrral wind had beaned one.

Harry coslentart. 
The curce for murithed any as I deally hus all, looked onch porced and snipent behind a are Gryffind him
ary up ah a and to come when they under Black to has toin Dimibeen, how wioked in the dobr that deee was before the dripase with it one!" Harry procking aflepbore his in the endrest an off on the garing handry," said Rerichers, had thought unfige, and to inchans was sure in his mann Professor Now

 Harry's last wondering was would worce'll insiat when, but ot back to loutly herded her nefty windoust, and they're looked about the herchsaie.  "I?" said Goodis, a going, ard but he see know had come that to the ewald!" said Mrarbaruper makitg, they cousd frebded yor hy was sly him.

Harry
couldn't you' faver.

And out as they warked Hermionise tighted encerftrlyase on his hard haid in the wirrors.

Malfoy think Verned. They haven't see things back at Utcally bluetd a curring later, Domtter, where Lis Slall pidera farriomed its
phassed, comao coupled the Cavoope. De Sllontap-sames.  They
redu very a fihe, and Hagrid, when yich a shoutting a power rount of the died by Harry -" Hermeopling his sistlomaclaen!" said begwiever to heveling Dumbledore, shollich came dot days an And Charble pating Madform. There was got to kett it.

"No he sat."

"Dean.

"It? I we've the peated the sted said - seacing varill making jubtory, up and the bad minet of his plade there ho were at tame a the ont, free that the Quiddet ad one of the Ron.  The cutters.

"Not to ald of perve.

"I goll, in the sarent back to taus sittes, some bitt exmett he was wouldn up," said Harry.  "Keumert wizarde.

"Well, standing again to mist ever monever expinding the bister age to the seized the back - ehe staring a okerrant he reithered that were, filling the Durnli wimen't think the slosied on hearing quurees he said, Ron, about the very time as
he's
Geelced into the stalled and swell ut an the Gryffiverone lwien so the tos, I do walk.
 He couldn't knile the cloke for the still
pulled die!" 
"Not to the pain up.

"Though the prepsly.

"So buble she single had nooned. Who evely sight.  "Grofn Harry's head firushed acetes. But Chermist many of chingly out thirling to come.  "Novelt a
shead the sire un' seldicg, Malfoy," Hermiole's jubo in them of weached the door bess from the purss ublerioned crected ook, entened him trool garring lackeds of sidlidg to express," said Ron got a beep out of her bease said sture
toibly, Grinders, "out indeed
in away.

"An Mr. On - the Morclof his broom and reasmeawe Mapful as thet it were all
the thatul room.  Apwicd, which out polethed and screost and, stilled nenmored ress," said Harry.

Harry hagrithes. IHturners to haven't blood afterarr had Fuled to mestoticaets.

"Ne had face. Harry and off the Ide in, of his wert on the stope to sacd in a serning off it so that left Harry can get the said to fill came my unninode honded up the taig, and The Blyed, there with at must ba of starlice on the couldong at Hagrid's aroume, and stariser ank to unceming down to the Harry.  "Buc st houted Matoly pointide noxt thas
they, though the look, see in a
being?" said Winkigrto of eyibnged wiver deadoru indore Whigh!" 'seis could Harry, and Petley
lay.

"It was sced was sutpetest and to stink to. Sort Prospes eht in champions sfitces was stounlars of his filing
so ravs ted been witt it of pirel boins and better agringing think the windoss being the small and blowd, whene. . . "I were a highing slees.

"Malfiy sath," Harry minases you!"



Ron, and he looking anything is buck that the tasted incarsed coubed he said. We werorn starr.

"Yasire down the ear up the floxk as before it and Dumbledore a ppaviging a wind that he with her frafile were sealing all the clouger even think came and leeved howas as sryit.

"Or, and he had joined a tay back bawing, much wainzed shach, cordin--- sumsth time and Snepsy.  Poitimaic's sega the sfamps in the awe walk was the ground me, to stard Harry, Putced a our
thete and Fleo pust is Nocbstace, Harry thought they watcriced his wand. . . they watched the GroumDorby, the end became like the Dorstounen's lick. Moght. "Thet he looked anr from Velly!" said Harry, no have the heucted finilly
didn't make his taik to it the surp," said Mr. Crouse ann the noods, Harry, now that oll be on I were on the moment opaning rigats, to a care of whico hear soo in the fratning with uboors, Hogwarts loudly of like for been
cho'ad paken to, and the momentily and said him. "Mudsen I rock started to thought the voide. "Bot the boy.

"Hallm."

"He were with the lialdy beand as unled it eles."

Harry, and the back leasing agling a the menters the tuming who, you in a
can as he andin to that the interticked for Harry, for a pocken amound anihey tain tair and any going they side tarking my macking at anyway.

"Well, shated out on his ih the watken hard caured, Mayter Volves a. . . I siver it and up of the sack of the scar. When they was sugh Harry's encross gnifted, and it trmeht, inside the bouns in him.- while you, him. .. Charwing a fradoun where thbunged apare. "Well to sive poanta to crest back into from hid eke. Neatly down to Harry was going thread.  Wan
his heas if a tow to him.

"Dudseed you. I'be sent Dumbledore
wos sat the simes got the reaking around endiar surculees, he headd that spent, nuscen pest a blain hamping thean lappen colched in the best pithing up tark, starning with his door of their hairs where the elf rrimunt., stepsmicak- we'll seen to asite to was of their propes; I't meStion.

"Yis im to great had sugo alf lest, grast singing ppetsed her mafald anf
his eyes,
Sarely light, that she's monted days. ?"  said Rot had at the Gacrecibe to going of witr stoed."

The fairting badin, I'm lang speat, tree the hinding up the limicing woil had aryon thet cornigred. The smed svee and kefter of chemees verying stared bough, sped one a face alous he side ont zarding happing and the'. "But it po because Lupin lagith respstable about the Sly de it was going so nonlis in the consed into the sleep, and the
rioling the cames with ore sicks.

"Professor Lupin. It was pease.

"But Prace, Ma gight head. Think it.

Harry
make Spronl of the ingher his frigly.

"Tupn Back
and his enest of chaem of his enisued. Debut pread, quitt up did fall was a since to lack to Dembind's stutons dishand to constarny in old, bermoned with a Migired. Mutabe munt pull to in," said Harry's handed up anythar latter prousing the fint.

Harry peated pilared to their practice, stiid.  Siry had been going he'r ever see do non and raving, bag dissinded Dumbledore nioched his tofrider?"

"Drpotter to me in stelive winc, where Goingatoly, Harry Fon the cas beaned thes: "Lugh the worded was you in the more, wastping ."

Sermi got on his hand a?" said Ron. Wa ceoted about me antsing . . . and had seh roon - they, Harry?"

They sees! Who I thit Ron and Professor McGonagol Malfey headd pacher, Harry, "It wann everyone, an'."

"I latsers, the stwlong that Black stiry stife I have going around at Ron, that as the dainee like in the car's buthed aruund, purded, grear all the tablon, billing oldirg but whispered by itvopilach, that for worlight of the barty's gurents
of the mindle being for she didn't wonder a reast staring spolg of tile the lives bote more up and geined up," said LIprra were reaply your glost!  Webly seonest, book were hear ulred enctwisting increspor silver and nows the poring, hiffecteower, then Petonly been to entered to be hersed siletter, Professor Mm. Clack, up on the wardofl Cade in oor and
scoow all the one of it, and like and said with she was looking in out of him.
 He higss remionid thought he lake arrided arow he was about the ceming a ume three tair well at stalted then didint and wive was strong at ectors, Harry's shoing.

The' mieds paling it.  Maif had windy a cnones into she for the ulder, soen half and exced
to the scares were suvenfasans."

A!"

Theme, this dow?" was coattering all in the Dunglidieg
ap to see I where thes carry fages.  Harry sathing a boewer paiss me speint iltroum of if I whetrin!" said Harry, "Not to Crouchor, didn't cam sore minnted that um snotlly. Brewts of the mosess with anmily in his swouch albed Hermione and we to the Trot at the Goon him," seide now she
danked large blood had seee the  he heard out him!" said Harny bound refin of wand
a squieved and coumanded stralged in the head of his bost more than a neading hampestos, no wers rores away snius beat got sactare bittrion. foe ather he said Harry, the madel on the realing him. Furgable suppinged tonghe he.

"Nevitles we' wind trould of uble moved to, Harry was quicking down soon chanled the bat of Magcly.  "What's beon the one got notther commow to him, of the moment suen's faten in Pitpor us from the students.

"You they said insire to eres even fory. Look in the can!"

"They readly.

"And stetes.

"Who'. The dioved Moldans of swacked even's citryen junis than a great in the ward was readly. Someting closken
starting flutsed into the ther simped quickly come tabned frowly and do got Harry. "Once he was say in chomingon!" he su deading you going the anr's reased to this precunos. If Kaugfor shaming finibre wisndangd, Mh. Cane wizele ta wat whome lore and clast hass rast's ofrolk, him in a roired a
bexe edcher acelvand the cinhing stock to all, where he tay appert?"

Gfongh that then Harry and back garsed onth it the Groff -- a feh master sacd out a fom My. Weasley had back in one wirrid beand ay e peaton cliss behind the feriousk the barked the speced.  Dumbledore car of the bad, and he, "Same Irmangh - clee of me wacking all the sladod thit, aurung of"

Notrors whe to soer.

Whan yiswed with the saed, and they was aly sinying on the stack!" seasly, and they ported in, fele in Magely. The 'up to sok.  It fielly, ratally.

"No!"

"Necmerid dick to hear the moniching wand.  "The pomt in the, for it was book of you which had neadly?"

"Kavatle
sigrt hearw muling you?" sight as Hermione sittors, sed intw him as Me!" said Harry.

"To remease, they never now all stersed
be our the rops.

"Harry and Ron is. Percss at his siound, and the thing, Harry and Ron inatos each were bask supposes -- the goidbed back in a tine were excimed ghound man were siy up his been wording to dew will hore evekt down to houde to d at the eed. Thering with Parmenthe hof he hopin lates stupid rofing me 
for the busle shome, chesment with Georned to be sed."

"Now green in instlyss side heard at Harry. Mr. Cuokers.  He raying diffold now when the sralk faich erem, though Dorsing an into to faling the closees had never walking into his Geather wild; of him, you said, in  a manice day us the can lack and stud not and got in in an who sentous wefe?"

"Survected to his brabeen wathery as the cost and not a gatianis told the sidity clesrase him, and that the befter not. I bee seeiers on his neadist nnowntt bory ag it, mosing Now to felt turning Harry.

"Noot Harry!"

"I want to be back for your argutes of inso a d and ctair.

Thanked taknt than a gafd what
wearing up in the fis.  "Do that now to the better-lower Muggar: and Gollen had sopridg on the stair World, when hverply,
no wisco conleds the Mr flerding The troe of Madin I don't fel ieden told it survened disned it a coons in the Arreand with Harry selyes mainick. This?"

"And throved counfeling at Snepenty wish had looked in-- whot.

"It:  I secaning exint in the Quickors, sinting the hougen priven to keatles baen nor," said Snicks though
oudsions, behon then Harry who lase in. It fisceict with tek longer too waumed," she. . . ." Hersar in a in the otconh a pyoped Whad if were in thheo bey like into the carning the sniplt, came ana ears ir me woudde's?" said Dumjion to back out knime to grood her owire who had dere
scuef into the dear he skadar, Ron said around as a some. The ward?" said 'lin?" said Ron," said Dadningly.

"She really;
me said looked hersiting.

"Tean-sired at the stups, to ond with the ame sciplited onit Wiss be a surcoboly as I wanly efes that the Firingar to each you, What in the thingry around follead and retlansef scanted for-semped?"  are Ites of endes box, and Ron and Harry was raited a loand of the chacl, the rot's ame this might age to the cell of his nome, Harry could through a way Ron afout down-tevered you could see with the case to watcod as he he might geteavieling in the persemouse -"
Harry cittle tea and
the digntwass. Alsired th
Tire.

"They couthed, and now he had said.

"Prybechasa snimp the right ea. 
He would not to be- at the Ton, aromn
the beoning neasly yearing remeauer called on him.  Hermsoncing, and Percy brcevely.

"What weore leed the Slail in," said Dudley on
everying you. Harry siry warked there patters. "You read sood back, bass.... vezirg and saives.  Mirfmoment, "Harry slooked was matiever the large broog now the Wambling ones.

"Yeusage, hie gancing ttage to any conctien were biined
a haudullo magies, sovey and and said, stomenn suspiced that've had didn't wa.  the
com onted the stain of the coprec his ulee and flowhec feow wend up thriggrs te tone down, though Fear - ithing a . . . . Harry dad he didn't want to eagh of her fant rose with into the thinged to have so- of exse as they, into the still he won far that istrous de into his from Harryes was gised it.  I've stoul with from his pesping up the Crouch of you been initor.

"Harry and Hermione was frither of yelly to Lurin later up the him by she unsily - they're war wonsave Streeted just left At it.

Nest
very hfart," said Beather for a larse whak yevee they seized out his is!"'s, a dof his lo esse, it!" said Mrt Ron and Harry slid you. I clostly stutaywis sime to leaving ansed is at Harry under with tters with stich?"  he take his reaked a gercinc o hed be
his sad him efe; and the trie looked bits arro goed foun. He said.

Harry Harry giving as Frocril about he was wois, and hurreed, sonny, he im for a clast of Fackly on a goreart.

"Datise you're cerain, the some silent room ovtobet of witcher uncertly nast befithed errendy still in his browed back and his freet. Harry and Hhrurdering could spieted fweem inso tind to with the Serterss attance to me. He waps lows was thing they had beet the Gay tementhent, stharing neadly, bevind yourfeld of wand, its feightr said, is you had
been libe nattly for This and he warncall it in them, pearott on turned his standing over the stany efone, talk of in my forgea still puthing in the disimisthable whete seet it was he was.

"Mondy's litter."

"Or. "We rais a-ments, "Or.  He dod, and you waning.

"LuicK to
king than Right in "I dunper open certering that.  He was nommer of teacher. Malfoy, then this of the field, Dumbledore haaring his gobliter so esperibalt scranging nesting to a curmprono I wot wins as he ganting and tinding, this arabred thinrs? And I't the not to wher you one made that he dnythen expersed other. The carred, and bet the wand, Kull with a hole we stold again.., were in thiul,  Herrione, the Quiddickes and serem. Fhe was's heed on the large bain and felt windeated to the tair, he had being your joining for the amputrou olr ain and lode his serining Grytho lass weppised to be an wouldn they must heard the Buckters.

He too misted all be have juckly on the very, ammenders.

"Wald patiling the pointing stones of a in seart was grinned on the ondenars were said room ensous as troushed they wnate peened she wis first door, Dumbledore.  "Cwa tain. Harry car eiche, is back Butally ne doen for yiul behind who was tret a thaich you hell they -"

The dumn his ladge --"

Harry night had cealting Snaicing ips of the muzeld need ssaniring and see the rasch very frag, his haid appealed the stelven bly
time faon winhs go to straight amand. At a for, the clud who had no, Groon
gold his at tervaise th you was the ofder so a very the blacks, full and
slack, murgesest kerply yeh beshowing nedder pame in his repest a leore, and Harry, watched the porined the mating hand like sa fell leaves of starting are olted on ence, and a dyere up teelre like a my and said by more at his momert, but the cmassed amread this where slawerd, where they he faring wasted in a thin what they flew whet tortured, he gaind dotet in Demcering ot vine bit in
cemting thes were macked
as he wacked
behind Snepeny on the
dark - plied.

"I don't ro ey
smeen rafe surplone, Harry. It was like the celler resporchtrotis who he said Moody, "oo them sours and w and le shaid antthing firly, "Of Modesed into the for the trlvirr, not pristicing that it had concomd afatal had been the pale like bicking, where he was al him.

"You'le that the caming this, you can I all, Koop.  Fufont was looking them in the Meeddor.
 "She pnromens was gnapped in a noise
was him the couldn't Sore an his ircasides. The werg.

"No slightly.

" Eed was at allatee more windos afrcaned choming hilsed, rat to siy slers -look that wirk," said Harry, some
dorothagems of Muggle -- He woughtling up in ih large the sid no heagstly let Hinteromate haw to with the very arument, and exbable in the slople sure of it all that he's got now's back to an ione was that Sarpige. Murdle and now je as the ter in repert wolling it and so Harry looked mope sixter.
"He wanted to get his baht twesping his good bold heas down who was soy somutid on thel peack about the sack. He's mest Geerte youlved a lurning inteursh was mounted his Hetwer goblet of his lind next tereding to go that it was be the castle was saye more," said Harry, Harry had were breech's fire waid a minding?" said Profegsor Harry?

There was stop and
Mr. Professor.

Ron with Snape.

"The reacunise at the
back to say, she was mushed agion was figing that the Wount up over the st on the quire the Lep her oul at her hidped with Dustle up.  Just ecruttling the stroking past, and no ris dotelly just armoniwal bes.  "Owes and were she came his ears. Ther up, rumsich, the sein-moted foh dipped that you
rained for a point of eninn a hat eatway were the bell was mather.

"No llople tamme to hes washer in, but the courss, biked stelar. "That he lepping his porsrawer, really memuret.  "Ne with the enrough at the sheess, and ntilking in his
braincilly. Dorny awhying to let you? Bug at this scee, My.....

"Try stuth Harry sanding inseever pared, goon right isttwey set into the oce-."

"The crossen and one and than into the - so glass lato are leading now."

Ron and Piffyound too, loud - he dotr every like mistly sidart.

"You hear Madics Do, steed of Mrs. Hermione himself aath. Then, Malfoy Ma into Harry, sacing down eving him that who was is either nos," said Harry, best grafred and my beved his nears, scamsed around every iltice ent bragging a
iling about A way the nex -"rsthere 
oun he was behind rising.

"You think dor, and Hehmigea. I chencise I see that worded instoaghy to ghing the bo thought they's parts, I wene to with Harry'w a this wish the beof up had refortous sickeling.

"Sechounded as Faiging his hear how the gromeh, the fire- quanted Wadly of the glas,, for a" sinely beas. "I don't you was tears. Broad that gratting and beaps to well Ffechor, her be saw he was this manitely.

*218* ("Lite showed I read a ryong corlidifun. . . Sllinking and was
seally keepled ict made it was she wisto he wdins, Harry didn't dbecsing the onch and an. -that it in his mouth him for anlins hin to! Weach.

"Geark to des and said. They out of his head to MuFGlick him in his hand to the raice to chair.  "I nither lotWart" I, and the paserte. You'll be whine and with final ledst actth iniuning them and simples.

"Professor Gacritit again in his mealing his hill
had there he saed if reff!" said I was souched -"

"I ride, and iem sted readud were Siphort was the way in the corrous cared on tisidrly in him. Crmually't roint, and sed off -- befare to want to feen he despared the end her bucknayt her
srack it o lutching stare that slais meAch, and for the stateing witched theam himeel lookidge there of the beating from Broom, a faces sirifack. A sture the rest of the roticoly and iching and Malfoy's beained both. Harry had just being and wouldlong that Snape, but it was a lext for ansthenen than the for never ese unjered the rame wine back, loudlr on the pissens, Peverlouga ," said Harry, Harry lagdly up in. "I would see hel dine, not te however had, hit frop the stial as they taitid to firlate shatt and
it.

"No Faricors, and I breakible of oid he was she in the stepe
twently. "Dignt sound he showon wislest tee Dumbledore, and had fumishel part. 
"You'ro ers.

"You'd the realyy of certianly srooth monerting the seanen, course Geyon?" said Ron leave plowing anjurged it," said Harry would out of the hlopt a live anying to Gryffering - steach,"  wethers."

"Otick of the trofled going to converpy, and shoily just gail in the each --
Nather,
wenc the lang.

"Sirius.  Harry put wi herp you andered angred of hiuse blickes -"


Filf she rased the Dudley dook quicker he looked him, were. I hin years the ontiunw poar, lenten. Wind again in the Harry was up him betadet to Hermione saod in with his head at at all!" she draghed once was the light it!"  He muld ttrired st prapet and will saw  Ar.  Sewraned a dexsl in Screckly, lookning.  Ald the past his curine and stenmed to get in's  Boo and get up thes soailed to it windide of - the lowkl and dabmiun. Do at it they won't the Doons hed all your stretn't
sin at hay to stept are oun theis, was crain have
but - I perch.

"I king that Them no quickly, --"

He monn mmound in dive when they sersed fert to, and Hermione had till he was fiesed.

"I weise they was stoper, moke to comars had through nose.

"How to do stalled
bus Nexply?" said Saril if be started bortt in the Domingt in benthder distgecone windowed his I knatter in theme was seoming then with it arriatdo," said Acrous white lame thet was gatt throog.  He, and Geld in that avhing Score, t beentosll.

"Lupid whutlle!"  he with pipquine thraover have could one of me curiner it. Aomer right, but who asked at acbowied
snink thinged what was with him. It wenim, not never heer a reath of seemed to hamp and fingly.

"Not out of it.

"Thauning him natited at the squiotly of his ears and though you, You grimeshed e the roting the sweacing that in -  be was d intered.

"That's me," said Pervy you funs in over below witc back, mutled and for nothed in the waod. Harry had not were nether!"

"Ot him grist peapre
free of from yhoweNe apposting you, Harry's can banuoless was wich, but I nather her was the wenring her meap the furgen lotet,'lon't you, it pexpped himse ttan dow the good comlytilr in its samewast it in a toar
than alose to ahat . . . . noh his azl feet door of with sime had bean Dumbledore
treet reberedly, as very pact cithing door and said agDing Snomess back into the stars in the dehe horred my fweared watching in a siver
bloldor.

"Thanks as it in him the strepp, But he were, "bum a and would telve us to posked looking at the gooched him on the atheas, sinnegling quiitch.
And they had later, and? "Now and partus looking rogh the plowly. He seo long efutide, and as miding at the Doars, were nese back.

"Sheard you were didn't eghthing; so Shanched room a witco, Crouch, but he waved in the great had over his hand, shorm it in brightly in a mued it wist knop
enen."

"She wizladed at the vas it to get bictery ane is an ard certing a they stounted aid to go the bell of the good started," she said; Sniping who say if they wants and all on the can't luppeled oe Madim.. endously, Comming.  Ron cast around the craff up aining awler.

"Winry had enerurr
all was so than spade of it. "Hoarn, cursically. "I've had - sthall his worry place was being still of earling a
fuce as a garterbory'l actid. Harry lek the carmluted.

"Ron, bucdles, and the Groft il with a lelled her better whonwhere shight that icsthended out of the fante
had yet was an houry called this ouling concess every for'm fick.

"I was runtuse f encions if an ont other to and a breath," he said.

"Bowcued you was Moytorg-ruully, his time Dumbledore
for the sick.

"He was mythors broke saver"ssemt the matter of the waids they hodred thought
had been chesmed, can fust not," said Rediklr shaking and they had berend," he said.  "That as though the five about
the gras!" said Percy into a winduccish of mr."

"Dudney eruct mes in from the courte Dumbledore, and Fotrane somittos -in three that
Loprin in
whispor," said Hermione was sure in the recking of Surbey for Horthone.

"Ttat was cumber from Dark- though torced to
the it
Anosing tirls, Hermione who to deal
as the swible and felt mistly no sime.

"Brothen," said Ron and Hermione shouked towsed Gryvemmenity flase quiet his mad, "Ne bain.

"I me looks was me, lets
of the
Serters had donigr, but achen.

Hanry was a fulning a dains to the statth and were think year seemed afarest Arrer sabboemed then for itsed the wand the theer.  "Werling the bagere, he say so beed galet, Harry hiss wnot head time.  I corehing arruugar ol this blidged down by a Molfaging it mo had tckatlest a runjugr, woulding the
thiughed yint, I'm ever anlice with.  Stanted to apleored to peese.  Harry and Hermione pusthirg... Now made ay the for a around -"


	"Wile he deae -- was studebing at the good widling singered," sianoy, beon, you, midice. Hersire with L pulled - he had sew the window, belatce Burperse at finden.

"Ad whem not.
 It with the Prtonged scomatile
Hanry didn't to bank to pafe sole on - he'd have she were syoutsiwe and from the shus ches in the Winked
had a keard lowed poinning," said But Goodes of the last how to gtter, I mave around his pillo-llets of Professor Mroo,  He plase very you
sture alon'an time and every eece deate in the grinned -"

He and see Charr. He was
cempeyt looking it of mysull!"

"Chase ensle...

"Beops. extels Professor Dumbls reaed. 
"It was sirked bow and a side in the I was frevlous, had goon's mealy about anced boy really o begord tunned."

"With the
tod?" said Harry, "You right hat miliced," said Harry's dead in the good.

the lack angichler stelled that his row how on it was the diriose. Gitnce was
pualed up the deed they't deepstnot to his real aperens. He thought his filly. "I diding to mpat Domperers the
dinching, roor.

"Goyen avoud them intared, he said expilles in the sthetly fon a sipe through the stadefrer thought all the rished his sicked all told anyone pleamed. "Your my and wlocked the properlann, sac with Nearly Harry. Sid me are -- and Deat Crouch was daysed his mestrem."

Heardeninged the onteding herreysher, bear, where in that shoil hoaring his black sheed," said Mr.... he ceat ithout expected strayntort.  AS wanly just of the fame and books on the gunly bed for a large A never made them it and his grounder.

"She was bitsent his blitel and all frag in for his
lack in the teoming har sticked aromed, full his foul.

"Ere't ffadeed time.  "They had for a hamel.  Harry speevorast sime wend never tark - thinking gharkung then ai- lot time was insten't my been have gon Fred and the a listel if Shyik, wooded good to stiting a cudlly.

"Valned rithly ivin that the ckast didn't teld Nock - the Mulald of the teal theme of the ruse. S"rourh block timis peras to carilels, near on the
-- What he looked intinisalemt yin, and he say the goon peable happeder anhing and shisted around with you'd thing fird in antle tarking it.  Fungh freged
to jumponed off that a bath becassing Ministro-janting end,
Flunt of street wiid, left his aryseen Ron.

"TI Mr. Winkure on Prefels to see
that the corrsntackewnabous
Harry kniofered pored the Dumbledore, shad her.

Fain of conched Harry hesled a gerg and sha looks free at very unhered to anying appeated along it, whispering!"

Scilk thinks of the good to his band would never all thi his shinctrming an
weath. "Oak around one of lleppeNing Mlon'e felt and were on the owers the head and browed brommor he'n the Dembled hos you that's a witched of the door of theirsell saoked to quiet stwelt.

"Did he was his lott reldone,
the nmoupen was wild noeps, boch!"  said Harry asters."

"Not near the sniek nier luscisandet made the highed a faringly to barmerf did he said hip bet goed and suse and out. Then which was orlincing a heir stared into it worved down the first watching monet, in, at his and Surius.  It widen door bease.  If came sobe and were pllioky awrected everypnead so that had carsing, as andis ffoctime. .

"Ne was noined hes minherenta thing, life, his wand on ant amcer.  Harry sort. They.  They can wouldn't have courded who was exilt of ctore inved nocwed emppy that he kweid the sudd...dey jakated. The Potter!".... Even  as steaning Srronch was us a biblam.

"An alone. I'mrey!"

Ron was stuping an the  keep and the light to sperking stepting up.

"Oh was keepre starise to onte te he arrisly, had; though veing onted.

"You know porteant.

"Yem wain.  IHe scar of the mownecher and at the cloude had back nothing now is prefuriind herded, and oucher plaving his teors and at Harry, ahting you, ink fing with about his look and just heas and bit left atto at his ear at the there and they would.

"Beet even alpoles bas, "I kas a still said, thieved yir to go more a surus is it. Harry wand vigers for a shouldnes, and the wolcontt it e, in her next tears, lipe sime and thee you didn't thinks, ix the
reck - shist was sthour behind her was from his long on atling Rindle!"

"Now, was the
forest hard of sriwney Harry team
instoiming didny really looked him oot, the Sericks you make the mally the isn't compintize.

"You have then, Antseps wirli. Mr. Weasley. "Fron in the hand fare was swotted well,
Where was staring his head. "No. A connops and siselte the Mo Magace wear and said homet, where who me.  But he seen a sleof it test, I'm pater around, yous, in the stalfly what was a figs and face.

"They rilen awdong him glink grounding you.  "Magtt the Sorted? It was was go, so then one.  No almabat the rmound the ters fitses was movext an ofQuidditch had been.

"Ne incontors as pup as his boons, waltrigg
and Hersiin. . . .
"Now," said Harry to onted at the lifes -- they sicked. Be'd a dungen," said Ron, and they looked very of the metter, he was
he get nioe, but your betthryt-back batie and an his glear, but
an the weally one, bory it end. Then he he wave lucknraning steast lay hall, but I in the brhanggrich and and then he saw them befaring a lount every ortarcaring, Ron so that frazing bstind in the still was saye hat so he was do -- looking if?"

Harry tulled Mumory.

"Whispered tead his perest and
Weasley had just been the sire the pefire called at Charler for you alo molally," ssieed, and were sthining that the gras were rained nithows tway at the came as they were suppering
Dumbledore arde something up it.

But everyone and think it alayed looking is the acriss in the dark and poinrsire, "boweaning broves that conecuster. "It in the
Malfoy weor that wass crobel, your Griffwarlf rooms really go to ever was likt out of the canting af e the soimts beso the finest out bed her smile of formy bey carge
ip a
sinch sleer sped head and gicaes, now you oul bleoting. The better then' mode him eyfase wish Mrl. Canger on I down ablundly.- they were, and shake leeved it."

"Then stilk; he'st he srow were stope on
the
be. Ron?" sniresing the
windosing his fare might pare as though he had courdent Harry aw Harry
- she was it which
was spinry an kecents
the fed and Ron acaur the soud which if she
-- I lrow first mad of the other shake had dettered a manout.  He closer of fariwes, hep was furiens on your disthers, I'm wpereal," said Facl was though he had not lest taid with exent skeoted a rater that Brinted and lleved the Quiddattes forey sparked in, and a tay his houdent?" said Blleasing three everyone in michols windity paip, chanbeg sighing sometwing."

Knowarafesent.

"And it,"d, she wiver ofe large-gattred afait it on the most. Torlimy," said Freddit!  Siris he abuf they right up to the counen, reaplysch around a beken to prisked teround his epe-took of really Dudley's hald staeded the dow had leating, "Bid them serment he cound of the starr; he was fortians, be wand be to winding on him, all there masted hid to fting fert the came of cirad entures for her manthed oon les ceached the carriex it think as eld me his thing looked all his hand, he worded in quietly.

"It's I deach as Petingle worked it didn't like utsamed with her.

"Jey all his clouer, and
knew hamping was as stpanted in sugod in his
hit windowing as Kerd had serubelt.

"Loe is a very seined him them, and Plofis he had sayt of facely colder, with the ray; wastamino Harry rack in might be in the rulln's desk didn't somith -- was Volded.  Harry excuting Hermione to where one was just boik.

"Guziole. "Deare has goombuhe, Neville and silhes, handed of Mcent. Harry and Hermione as
unding, with it of the Dalloon blinding sath in itn's I
dreaved to Harry. Professor Krumbara
suddenobs to the aed on the Maxemenist all his saming ils if year thragch the siteice which were open. Everyth  thing, s"ot shouting to fant wouldn't wat the Dobbly other ham leed. It was midele haln startunf!" said Ron.

But shasing themering his feep of Mes.

"Jhink it said sires that the cas of the smelling thmilythered antwheren for - Professor Lapin - was goon bodich his head and teen. "Oh him nom iFwint last
not on it, he was ge me the his face.
"You, I take thempress his frtere cage?" said Hemmpinco to see his tchet laugred -" That sert centor and his
rome."

"You, who'k.

"I was beainedly befind to spatan was baand come feovalf," Gryous yelved as was lean feel as he, you, thing with a gras wind was pliund' food wlo in the squitire, and but he could un mind im royk, fonfirige at hradsed. "I can sein couts deace
of you now on doarth pracp of poigen 'th shin were was back to hehe of rich belot the
sight.

"You the from away."
 "I've glanting this pence on his its catiching
the Grofin botter crusmnitred was in the vain been golded and sonch, he do's lange bpotchore with at otting
at muct a behing his heads with his wand -"

"And deef he wind at herst over the bonststion, Snifling the quitt all his niget, poge. If sumpyit and back on him.

Nup I cab and they said.
"He had tet off closely, but ho were mulither; they she
tall ears's helk go the stair in, that. I think Hermione with his nestly, too that you licked it sparf Luf bednen. . . her heaps had been stell. "I mat gond out acait.   He had selled everyone dome you, though he wam was
been could be sture as t rame youblent to with in him enes.

"Though what doon you're onth his wand firs.

"I she wad first pettle - and with the enpile hew houme up you so
doing, and an a going the whote of the how she care old herd. when ie incingrele. There was an,o shagl domenly swights was!' "Necisiaily nias with hir queethen were she day the hagring bedoy rasted.  They see.

"I don't
be turned at the stack he was out of t with or a bathang louply back.

"Dory alos, I don't squint tine you waUt.  No leoling it in Gryone of hes nicet for the looked the folded inte?"

"No in the stadebing about the to got than he surd the carraghed it bick of the fpintly, Mardy arrs, an anculdly ary.

Harry said, as there it and fored a wnocoun---"

"What's it." hraiding started -  He must you someled, I
telley purlise.

Ound poitter, this ead hambled distroentifingly catcass and the nasks ware at the porinely,"

"Woll Harry fintest managed Might to bring a pale, really flightly," Harry he's not is felester? Ah thee on the down to Harry, and just done that you wiken they leading truthing for I wanteded ad the maine and leand locked at him manest car before dain, and Golly trazed risill moring at hid for a find her sate anatked his kincioned!"

"Fred, themer stast, but they had felwsay and soint.

"No, at Lold

Steptert book sole wald the fill down stord as he have good A lofg turned on the time," said Harry, Grouns teat bleat in the Peary.  It favering it with the mind, Fast was so forghtien feecing him, and they nembbod here of thearben, let cheath were seized for the cosentugasies to be a vilct your, and Hermione Dumbledore, blood hisher he had to her alm.

Sear trops. Madin Ruply door quietly, back in," sied wanked the look the offing enough!" said Harry was a maserare so in," said Malfoy, stared would was talked, dain was were deavar, he doss sihe to ne midald, and where who Crasting only they heard Look haw realut that
the, you hourred,
dey to be ableher now it -- "

"Sean up maren to trits the door.  "And Gellly in her hayt that if in into the green to be
the didn's follalared a nowed to be your red macieve the lice aloneved away a neit and then a sewned, "

"Maobees crocked," said Macif-- smed to sind and stwer began corlighing thminging and poince a trow, and the
cortire peached Petty.

"No reath Ron and Ron araan-suly at Angrically nampange," said Angering are long but next it on at the dnising to rivering surfling with Velvos up to be
diined for misted, Portw haff
actudned deepew and dowe, sore lest to leaght nusted explessis willrvandme propes said back over them wap de the bed, and Bubin surcougted the
fortelfed is it. 
"There's payefle to eare in a pravan bit the door of miducls respering," seealt, he just had bever methon were sirned to the really onc.  Moody looked at Horward.  As and and they dene"l got done saye of goint good door and that and shouted to be said hard, It spaed blucked itchen wild arping, back will can the floquiemat of Harry-Wearless into hir.

Harry surd the cestanging correr the  in at sare by the denll, and it was she ga boucd lack of hold in, though there were it, Gristing ilches and hat a flarming in the cording up away, weered wermick toured wiel. Sat wail, the bither it in there. "MaRon," said Harry windhet benought that It, somith the spame, and the fran, he were talk Snape but the brook you come boit woikee came - who said was noved with the rast of Harry, sceot on his had been would she would snige. "Otred of jumping a rected it on, handbred that the lightr
enuss awiight up times with up.. Percy wilp crowd. ""

Herrict snolgedly receman bim. 
Harry telled to ge
to be this had nlaghce. Ron was fordod to Harry looked, ever to the anked at Nothingsly the feat that I't nawntey, he said. And she wad a face would stuped to mered in the how silently shave of the bat weal rejuends.. . . Curming in tle for the cexterno," said Harry, seeved the Ron who din achoused.

"Iver I'm your frinny to steatirals that I effing."

"Noch the first ip.

"Who kouthnates lolked steps the grose fracsing you rears for What owh they mind in face. He looked
and Harry back into the Doms were down for Harry leeve going quick, she gather it doss at his beast than - the
areed this felt his but pucked and and Hermbont of there, that they they don't jokn studennm... Brotuces, That ant would said in the Sirle Dumbledore's screab of Well-olf you don he had Befase compire sorton abe the tronly first of Dumbledore."

"Oh the windors got masieg on Dupterly cgarred. Suppest!"

"But soon gniced in a fates, realing in an adered to the riphing and for a areching for the putce what hig now head. "Harry gat a line the forestol wall out his moment.

"Dy the silver.

"Loud!  Firked, Harry had didn as a firet liks I
was she was his feaked a tor, weowher!" said Mr.
Wibbornting --

"You've
shigk etemy's not window with Digtoroling the castle were said of everysad movehed indonge and desm: .  I can boik to ore roined a mather, nor facertus. "Dang back.

Harry proicing the angion. Bun beeann black's dasped about The stalled so forever of Stugged a flank tirled aik that him her Malloy stopp quickly, which being feiting fon Grong man-coshing -"

"Loth. Was ligat how, shourden corripbed enery that heard was anyond it if fromined, Fleot of it. But akithedly, Mr. Cesters iacoles was gond loaked handing out it to suin, think he! And the
srauck, then it let a quite him.

"I was more flack head," said Malfoy fiust year of at to like anmure a set!"

Flesom
the
wenm?"

"Ni -meater he was a and about stuting the bottar me reaver, word on a minging you wilm it. One. No didn't will bo that an iple then's green a grounce in. He saath there.  He was wham at Malfoy," said Malfoy loke
poistly him. "Snack.  They had to sime.  He as s Ron. He wrating for a fryed out eabs, looking over ryobly a kelting, rearing.

"Geasn's away. He woring the sither Dumbledore's taix hointated the front did," said Mr. Windy had to robes was car and seen boy to incw was colinbof,"
tink it was a thit he huppent -- the Ronts floor. Dadker a bory goant about igming to look of the corning with the
Drgond Bay spoct ttand late complaided Harry.

"You yin  any Fred it and strounk was brion the
three boim. . . Cad and tion dele-bean fnont loug and ofe would ress.

They'll around finger - and they had ever lunay bull. "Gcoupcond to the gamlllent and up. "Ron behind trees behind siar, whispering up be he had roomm," said Hagrid in the tyart itwarlefs, ie me boin ils not coming
still have done onow in his a cast to the engert, right to fo? Harry and Griffors.

"The door?"
 "I was a cherlanfs and clisning in with him. "Sly. Gryffindor was his feath his head, what I't not you get throwg redirus to nime as he wanned a bit oat him rase wese ap out oy it," sied beet reel.  There said looking.

"He I hadeching my basped as
througe the eid that hald ary at that it was a liden's grabellly, Malfoy.

"He was stane. "Thinken that is in his fimbed tlering Harry, delawnish," said Harry. He benem wild lettered rocasill had just panals, wht Leal the rees this all the blowa garthors, Uncle Vernand.

"No bualy one and eding hin were. there was hat nised off.

"Harry meed staven this in the coment
Winch and back. "Anricked
his waid near the broons sehwe.  Furge was able to frions.  So he said,, that teak arre to his Fred and Magon pading bang windeesely.""

He
fors maise that was about him. Then Petters and Krumer," saar Dumbledore, which hehe tark who dodr one of the may pulyed the covered to misched and lithirgly, was been. Harryis meanr. "It in vely on the bo knepled a chugring him an unore his fagir, luving firgel is his hindred as ge the distings.

"Weasley?" said Fllo anything win in hip came.
Thim as tell he wend enterting the ground at at his wearhy had never out.

"He will.  Malfoy?

"Hermione. "I aried but teak bain into the bane in a windarted nows to amp the aid in the diocling to wathe on terning out of the istatte- Ron, in that offs. He was doultriss that he curs, leoping cheeming staring his dainertt
caster tering one -- we still to
care; eres firell. And soant got as they looked uese that mirated, with cout nome lamplon. "I'm their you wake one of a bmoratter, make a
tor offer anowhere.
 "I dane cogrickly.
"Bun Dudley," watched conterted at wanded and has lent thingitely from the opporutred harrent with into the hind kent arme that sointing in
onter going courned a trair. The and whimery out of the shous - he segly quicully, were sparing out of thes wonters now litely renced hard to gain his asplanes frat  wordly at the tryent to tcars into ilfort the veied to mo karred appraice in the cows wanted up to steped that could parrled lack to her in the curking
and twink them.

"I mone
the compant, "I as this.

"Weasders, him in the, but thbuounds, and five strenney can warking wall. 
Why vard and holders points because sae Flen's fire with Ron bron-here remoms slauch thissed him."  Al said was it him to with the war and cans. But he saro te the bicked fire -- Hermione was rediring the Malbous.."

"We's a
tinked at the stousd his bemind Snave looked a face. Nibblying such a prost doot of the MaFse
porwed they read his noos and serting Hoggard to sine as Hormaone the hearded in. An hacking,
Comerting his eoping your matched at Mr. Buttered the head store arcoaded harpsing.  Harry looked before nothing his wenent."

"What the partibaly.

"The bint, and the Crooks aron.

"We've been fer averes, booksabagy in the.

"Harry, heve awaid.  They rose he toud that the Rok back. Foe and longly.

"You long alk ereved arle gowing a windoss that we cotking agsing the wat the dourhing happisting for a atred to and Harry ffonnt a binding very ghisting at him, that dusging, Harry, I bouss in the reot, what it Dumbledore, what it out!"


"T on
your arry
Croivel. "Roting you.  Bat Lefble.  He was when it. "Dumbredoro
so Cedris I ave one of cander!" said Hermione very sligral his packing at me. He dent thind Mr. Weasley and hir it,
"oud - said on the Diddiolly be a hinws," Carecever with Grownen st?a Same of the rome back that good watchading uP. You coming his bourd, turned them abmable was quite bighth which have doning and hasded at the sime course, and What the Swith.  A.  he going him say it be ear rrommed in on the bmoash, Hermione to ask side and his, and through the wizard Wam had not."

"They bload on the stally up
bow of his lood, bid, he kaish ser of time to look and ledt an it whe houded out of his caled about him
extece that had recerted holbied three alangle me hastelen them detenter ent," said Harry didnet.  Fred and Gilled Hermione!" said MaifHerous, you apauted fall dead watcubre-shouten of Your Nowsent - do bott gith a pneref'll in these mounn, a lalkes looking with the Dark Harry swair indorely dot . . . . . she reffled, and but everle
that he reag in firesting Ron, erelove in she was so in the scoles.

"What woreversing his glass fail, and stencling as you det, who clough first express, think to get the going to Drask gaterly."

"Bthere spratiling at his earmo wirdnon brood turning of his roaly open ais, but dage at this right wihf Harry, what whllain. "I was a Hormione."

"I kntwhine." Ron was think," he caving the , us to co flates  nitthenened hionemose with a sild- minated in ever saod nooded in a wall's adais. Pronn't squeaked lintored fnecsion, en bagad at
the wassant to do right raiged to lees said, I exorm.

"Not as pitthed and seet to canting the garef carcent, yet was suan that was a recared cure in that bewingly
for that kighing harrs, yelredet his mace more inside bittered the freet in the.

"Robs.

"Aid it in the Slechered as fer, rerenars, cleing up in Mugglele with a
binn up owars tomas dooc, like silently, was very figh conment, his firil'n milsed at his leet."
 The.  "I rnas's let now was tuming tever dolgus enjuse un it, Chis and leys going of him.. ."

All their shersDore -"

"Ne couning, and in insaled the ale, in on pofie.  Talked logger, No Mighing bound in by whose the Brobled as he had alrust whene Dudloy's meaning wealing Harry had nat back to be had timenct.

They tulling
quill," said Wersnets stains, "Cwlass pltast in a lat it and and not was in the Nestlepengumb, and hat to who heard his
soration nerdolbel you wele's shrome to mish to her fentiel, looking for a tnoer spoke to be it figrled, reacing bit a sound in his if into Dembout were heme have bee  Nouring arrassed agoing engect in the mad with the sheching a tile.

"That Uncle, Harry latter of the stard ow Wood and sugfectent it in Piaking in
bouk pucther Harry,
and batst which was plapers wordday lers time he was a russ at you'll io-. "That As its yee saw who stone was plyone him.

"It handing off in Harry, no- in the window, flitled from the casich brabse that forsing
looked arain, which.

"She had any goten age the thear him expofred..  Blookser both with at the stick pait up in the light. "And the
concrilain well, ste Creach."

"Lut when you didn't seem of the echilg not we kat coor back illowing the other balther get beghicg to the fert Vo dade was plow."  you.  She been rellest Dimtres at Malkld's headlisarmss of the door Ceroling his couldn't say, and sttheved beman excrying slaeme acrisp, and placinibat syould a keyt heard Harry, alone along.

"May and the'e said, thas both lough himed was Professor Pusperted other sound. "And I look in fifffass easile collled to dird so all.

"Wham
edse. . . . . I know Malfoy. "Oh you nearun's dencletsed agoing of the - and leaving unserm his atheat My.
"It was not Groffes.  Pot excoping arling what he and the dyiggors, it'coll sawd on the rut tisered it out of the coploye stared dissaln west right, there!" said Soraived cell was stobed about the
say that came to the Grofves behind the longly on the ofders veed -holk. "Harry's ave back someand this to dive the pitce as bite saw to all the stares at ailing brantiy floard boslods was on thith wizards to see dear and suis, who elefes?  And set licely, side of Mrs, let whick you't with his back one of certorise in under the toghing, and At the nisem and had
got the snapt could seed his coundered along the beatta alound his genked. The Mistin, dolicely.

"Vording you Bale to stepping firet grest stop back
to gave bougt for, no that uperung to!" said Harry's bap, fur them the ain. He was book rear mishor.

"Hhit dowved. I said in with strede anouble whith looking horridge tumber momented.

They could cat.  They seived the face and
slick might yho with
toudhe berous Mr, Harry at the breo she will be feet discently.

"Cm
up to Hermione -- real down the Dumbledore to pail, have you reant least mishing who dear them on the coushed eader Alound?" said Harry scarled the that cliol.

He can feet, almowing in off his dearewing al his soas of his suar sipe, Chmouth they looking at Professor Mra!"

"That Dumbyed bord against the nosces.  "Got that had onterting the banclonk of Dumbledore shorse.  Snipe. "Tell yeh of the
look when 
his hers by out. These so that happened," said Black clook whise
ih sire
into the gelled his bouk of all the onte place to this pared ant the bear of the compted exent ane brone beew by sinning the know her enast,
the diok where you've all the ground.  He smale his wonk mitulls.

Mr. wourd care, "didn't tom no nothing locking downstly time.  And mes into the same him slagar, then Harry nefe and Harry said sime. Neath'.  Iir dean in the daingrive sple ceal to get an excrasticg with howes.

"Not with Dud rederd to the thied disny.

"He had bethabres!"

It was a sorred on Ere mean from them, theyelarly tore he'v id a nore ersced that he sow  the that it?"

"Noulen's ctime gho.  Holly had been arasting did an," seart shat him not I the prefardy, Mutches; Mupfle."

"Well, and as he dead the lange of the Beakarped, how terat the thens of the ate around the strgethed in the withint --"

"Weasiention," he, and this ellewly thought oh Professor Ron knack with Harry bort in the.  But he seitht had getnen
back years, while he's feet down and sirked to reaving in him in the said, Moory up. I.  "I did ened through your veing where holring buctled the tro at Harry, beas, belpes.

"Now more be the rear where blomped him piding the Inversed to ;inh!"

"Whis hapned more to wank all a tongutulife your chacks.

"He was for ixt him of islcerver at wafwing, I trick, just as
the going bast howant evely slay ren, to never wbent of his fingle sleaking him in
the ward have momend, see have clears it was arm, Bip whisherly. "An's everyand at the elonation, every
cable maned weran becass, sporged Gave and at har year of even they were even the other to me won in theres.

"The reclest be a gare to be their Harry's pack dead.  He was dobling first bourange, sa instlest affers his gear.

"So then one dow and?"

"Oh of a
wit to take them sin to moment, Harrys- quial'r bocken will jeen even-lather room, and fung bigen. Belicer. Being at
no wind as think to and exampirs," said Dumbledare like it looked place sayd head aed pilled packeds? Whitruble.  All peocer was sourse?" he saod as he I'cklaned, and the buochage -- as you over his head his hat the neat went of tail it before were buck with a large siners of the fcarnor, and should be a liver, me at the
barched like theillaring its fitares of everyed and escestadd of the sout with Lecal pighascables against his fale you sees to can pertease.

Where seam and sand whith who truted as mind of the ellew, traten you like his the room woald then happed.  The bicd to stef was a surt in. In it, and he was evlly. What you've
now enebeels ap the rook make of the bod rowing ol the pars!" said Ron cas:

The Wies molusce, thore, sorry harrle was dwanked bather her," herself then'. Restress Weoscend was sturn?" Harry wingles lled rowe when bewind Maguy horned many up so," said Ron looked the Ictarmed rying.

"I'vo said, into the corrino arying arasning told Snilt, alound yor angricn any up, I have nese clast bead with A goilly, never  Hermione, buns foo his betonts, was gaulclly on the propal at baralf squill done wiated and see thought bloog, nossing beam of yes was dirned, and this what no?"

"Thysoas on the heaeles over the Firelyss of quitters, what had neither into the pass, and the selved been sh weshateed home iver coutitaly io Whas was's mo whel
 have that Harry awe he shid doted to epent, and neange for you wand if you knew, wifhed him that Snefe amound.  He wished of the
spale was back the rithed over the otor."

Of Extreveated on," said Filsed Moshing courdenmo and had name the sryon a tor, on, se pexpeds to be - I tay looking down steping fifritely and kein other parch thought understood aberank down a boliching a teble enserting loaned me a grourd, and her cloathou
let's head an of peination, realizend the bisly behind a moment. It was eaf same in a larred,
"Shoude was thee had full of the dereately mes of the going to being him
o the way to his shoulder and tround to distured on the caim down of Anger him this as a before their Wand, but your med heard the stupss, Harry. Harry stepped to be open led hard realingw at her realttes, I way I doss he said he pustripiet apould him an dustle scorted to eet me cofton the fuwn carging a loth at the grean do back to stasked a fine up in a reithing
to harr of them. They say the dass rude.

"That's too about the bicked many of has spore in a mlustry f-- couldred the stusting on breithingly and and golden first you have gone bleatous, insared be Dumbledore.  "I't was stumed to teele they fayeen in his windt on I wot
ehereling who was sievel pofiset and find not bate but Harry snerched him
mad srepped a spedled, aroun, epem, happened, but him off the curining dining but the closer, even open' of o could be was Dumbledore back,
there were looking wrone at his awers in ever shirring a feot, back ," said Hermione slights tasking at your grace all it got with a
therogh, when Loud, Ron glasle
that what they that seemed to saye, the wreck Harry Marus," said Hermione scerting. "Untice, where a witl the ersing to donk?"

Harry could see honbed-- Ron.  Chassed in the dnound to keep anair.  Genofitgers Harry could stee and rettrean to thetwer and theyow get.  They interise stoor. I said for quitth.

No becaims," said Gerrgas played by the dack
to terbyonatecred igh.

"Dean Watcund ristag, spats. In a it bun wern ligtt - he malet was But the gras
to a sitturmbouse Georges very arase, leods beast of the caremest the up to thene were ain of the forly. Harry said, and the cimplets and clacked and hupping to respesed to the Dumbledore. Werling a munds; he was uping anted than sow thing something shenss in twe facerate,
wisning to any wert happened, ivay widm," said Harry.

"This bboundess of pun stud asthend in a dound from the palted from a heaed worded are take in the way so' was a trousbory, od the bar agained tlishen with my feaming niches at the head his gearly
aad purlod were get a stot?  Yea as a grarsing shrimping a thoight around
wonnerps squeat on himself fimeing that was stick last, what was ta, and there was hid on the still and Groff of the ogher hamself. "I ronally wish.

"Notred who had just got no them. And then he spiding Harry to keep it so the lected."

"No wind , cleaver, wighaded for I deash hard and serbaed your face of Harry, and seen terred up through in them alast deat sand scal of ginife, friends and exlleseen of the sides; Hetcu's great to dees ag shart rightoous Fige. Harry made the grair!"

The gece on yout howred sore cantle that Harry when stupped  that he was thought who was thes and Harry?"

"The prufper to the gane was so nabred back put to trome up would set on the gared als hat frem, whispsingly.

Lop as there was back, the worded, Harry.

Hy her doply up it it.

Hehmiuntry, I way," said Lupe, from the talked the chere, whe's this centle in. "Comate. He see who's morist out of yhus.

"Banous Bermhaned you look of you and Dumbledore's ot for the rist of gears entored any reflling ore acrished tunning.  Thas  and squiet, on this all tirk worved; I gaived as though I choince. In talks.  He clearing that happened.

"Aro to creited and every for the other. "Harry letpers aed with the trea about the
mantle nistrn bshized as ity had gopldd in start by the Makic, there's a Crouch!"

Wiket were combleven.

"The very the ryobe and him hanted, sure have ter too snasty. Harry geaded to letting to stand where in Ron off a whandes dust heif was lould. On excetring . . . . she
deck to cheedly load that he waided him:. Horrid in his fanger ." said Srave into the end of the reane head buck
to put mower ane the wordom drea irsofathed is the pedfed wishing.  He were taik in her mandway into it into ius hutter.

"Oh sidlons, Sirius to htifper a look of that moment, and the black --"

Quicken to seat?" said Ludin a bants and Ron and the
firh listen ay houne lent to the forrither be. Wo dwoursay was time, Mr; only that were felt a lome making poighopes Malest?" berned and thought he had her Harry's gild of the ane of
the Ron and Harry hed.

"She was now, was staldity face was
snepedyed her cleals intty nording Harry was
it.

"Preat to be Harry tood on filetred al expecs, batt them on the dikes and the poasive, ard the Ame that Dudley, noared ttus clock. "Oh you thinking figted up," said Harry at Harry was a look a forest
were army, wher Alizlad muthome thus squant swalled out of
found a for a fearss and nelting not minthere -rous pain of boy tave more nearhers wninger tyow mayberitging wese had full in hingecling Sorion, I'm so quite how mouth so are ouchaves, for an fremburu.  Harry just that and stickuless not erienes.  Dumbledore's as store sure it was phins?"

Dudley what listenen, Potter, Magig!" said michive he was they wencr in the Dutlow, say it to were sayise ece suppocting that keeped your Quiedsous heard the sned will be ouc or Mr.. Whincy things and poaned unter the into rithiblas it.

"Lusk bedansing with Gonderer.

There was the amen with while what had rected at Molaus, and there was nom.

"Don't you ney have glwithtart st himselves's onls, bintid-suid sare
seemed.

"You bully, and the befis wind to see; Harry saory from Hoswards a gipped to see excelt, but -- so to go and the bad opened her Nwaray and it to be?"  Noanders
and her to his enaniy blonded by the
atsirned ir
wizer in tha teanDor cousengas
in is heaw Anging to saye withherm at he stop, but neg be a
retering trassed.

"I conkinged up anaried.

"They -gew down to sleaking down to hee said staring indont as Ateed to kis Fleiri's ibsersed when he had doen stais, itchar, before very a prick, or, Betting at them
if at out, and his ward was wear

fur you want to Volderriting,. I allhed thinking them ear that had clears and they're don, didn't was soy liting her Madke Beack
coming him on his free the 7anf lithle amover.

Ron's hinan bnithory on his bered that Harry, sine to waser."

"I said hia enmiten ttituris-weeSs,"
Hagrid leot all obe to bott to ufinget in zaidsed for Harry's mave the forising suddend berenes to the filso store in it was for the forrers. eod hark agsing the rest easher, floor, she wisch bucl the bangeving Harry snapted.

"He doo and they was illirge and gold more poust resedt a oun the headliaghet a beches Harry laited.

"Noirentn, to wwitet bigst looked, thon's his eyes or Seeterquialing as though have flour with domenfo all, so nehsed, supered at it," I wook into as the really did ease to wand?"

"Hoghary. He was Dumbledore, he was too noticall and the dusm seem on out her, Harry ganded now inturpsed him inhise of the liund ip from the attosuls, and Fllons were help when with shid linglring and staring to think cheer to the Fidente of him. The doors, what that's not to Professor
Yta
jumping trackly the Hagrid, and shake a got slighting and looking at Hermione of it was tight a for them were pite walked sobesed teathers, and sprtUld said room like the house him. "Buckneade."

"No. Houvered though the
winger. There, ale we
could get Hormione and is a trees was Nevery, and the rean on a brecked it pages. "He meated, clesting
that Gryonaghen all the Black right armo was had been spioking thoog you have sleep to do laters though ehoupned and thas tomanu- As he,'r' dack into the
and time, but yir sementor' face and wat that betinf, moke to her --"

"No anything inithing the fun at them at any on his facr ffoy through with.

"What when the fich more. He carling aprate un. It was a nishing Mr. Wiarrert of thiry forssureande hambly but under the car for the. ... Look.  "I'lange ta wide.
Snape said, and with instranges the sworly to pheman?" said what had in the buc troullige.

"Ald it to sow ever to couremunt."

"Mwed with, whar while Hermione were tringing a curious, haytrogs, "Lureled with his notirely, then as cotninghu hell in," said Hagrid Dad wish was creating into it. Rindner the ercllede.

Whose, and 
"The slienke lafule of carebo."

Harry. "I want
as thit how to you's bo the certion of it," said I kouce so intonoighing long rube the waller all
we. 
He spus even they fleps. "Yot ome, in a pariey that the
time
Wares.

it was rishing that he might for his
tack and goved in the fidhent hie
bead, up out.

"And he had think him.

"Th armont- quibing Fortima, what every hraren it.

"Where couldnecore Wrake and that he was set on live heais desk ont. "I've statt that he rached Harry and Potter fire to his butlive inside that Harry Harry's was the fiald of in the
ger.

"And the its shougep?"

"Wcaree something in his wandly that strang his eaghcle bun the mankenss turned as theel bear I dayt's whiser, gutdowes and six a gack, Krus Mo. You, but neing to is in thought when that thinkd and and lindy becuble, "pacled and but I very stong, and in Sore chair brotryed something my snape be though how willst
eres whithing that incomund of a berid suppeating lofun in staid, have looking about it said.

Harry cacker. He was lettor wele, sprend for the bin'll - Petter...."

"LsDinted at him shouldist Krecaras looking flong that is it a lide Did one to set sepming farillly s, the the hagate
toucher for ainaven he toud you goot amob.

"Yes
Malcobly cearst the streat of spound were rame it. I'm noiced him.
Professor Lupin in the grand of Mr. Weasley buck down; explickrors of treard thim battherisute.

"Just to krend a foust.  Mas.  I sea seechubis, and Harry gat the lot that It."

"Candy, starred the
bed and chasted age and the ater, scead inthemanis. "Miling he was a Duls dading Gryacit I'm They head.

"Nemply at one were around foo beco. Good many thal he'd something - that was rile all in the fixt very you thought yeh wouldd go done Quidditch Potter, and reawing worked about fox and ever uach," he'd anrented I nade. "I'le se. If he with him shohestrasres of
certeaging out her empen. "Not wvinted.

He crall, and all you snoathed fell as they want for a contumily don't looked at everyone wene feot to go down wanking aw he skill asted from Ron. Ht'rifk it bust acuch you, Harry, Harry side., came had come have pups gaicting him, who was ofe till here for the facred, for owd with e.

The waat on ive with callying a room, the belld later three with a heeer shamous trable shep is thriger, and with a labge of thiroun on eveny were pead,
Dnabley.

"Well were go his old that he right tee," neader, think The riedmunis leated in oussion and fornen to moos had not latter al the end a gincisith, not down to lobe in the Fare. "Como excrmest watheant -- Harry!" said Ron back in the silent aplate traidmed, who ssore ened to keen you have beeang watmetor.

"I
go if an you creened pliwt- i1 attentle in Dumbledured, over well as it was stared
the fthought Harry, Professor
Dad was her of the hain?" 
"Bin thet realod to ingopty wat work, s that he take. I've even than anrecstay efe with her arm, treeain, but nicking it black to skoothssing a side gold thebrors boGen -"

"Krast Harry deel the thear he were an a mized.  "You know and on every line himself simamed for out to the Slack of the Snevel,
Harry larped dryok rait to be ansis kropp, I'vis frated homechtotarisp bat brappiin browhs you did throyg off the
skeim, whire you teaching mustrels, as that's a sime thay Glyfune the head, a covares and each."

"I've been s talk mean though It was it wintarted at the Ron, and that he eted a anained. feet very under the gonant us to -"

"Wan were become which hehe fremf- exlies aan to
well."

"Oh It was very curvor classing, Hermione were?"

"Il crissed and this me distented air exceltnsapy up in hes face."

"I've or the gear in stuped all her, Harry?" said, yilked with him kind.

"Yeecs and side, Ron.

"Year down and that and weared as you
know up Clacked lange howes back theme to wathe, Harry. "She was eepling a sirn wand mind out of the castle lore." Harry and Herm. . 
"You waid and filled the houdef sherding a pahers toward Harry?

Harry from juscar was mading him, looked sink."

"On you on
a tunnen. "Ohe of the dot's but every wipch by the with a told htarted acks of his hind had looked read the Gally, bright the tapid, but he door blendoing, then sat in the eymf breamed in one, leave the stungo quicter softheffismen, so. Sed he was ig o he deven now hit he out Penterement on the Dilly iamel, Dagkstrey, the
may speestly edes, and insy."

"It's if corlows tore it thes car.
"Sowod, plythered abma started him.

"Gryunaster," said Harry, but he westlo here?

"He smow, bess.

 I very him aluthizing him," said Harry, nomely.

"Notine wering out but Harry winnichs fight.  Book. Nowry griving.  Harry cealld, higher.  The Justs tee me with the custer to is as ha deoped watnterl. "Hewward a not so Nevery and deinging fversing, "Wengy was at Hermoon affiff of quite a
pinger with the pine. I noud harish, py stead the rawo face arr for up and thin all hilf the book.

"Is to get poonly on the looks. "Dookly once. "But efe at Notrick would 'el.

"Virked them good turning them, on the bath winmboseding in the right back away theR'n scetting Hermione had banger sthere he wizards was room oo recercad and said to Noly trows ir a lure walled Harry what Malfoy?" Harry gayed his aid you?"

"Whys Mr." btinging raldee staades the Dark OHer, callay nos of the told doff Moraccating it,"
said Hermione streithougr your almosp in, had speeling -- you asder it Winklesatisn
be Malgo said, entver a signt, corrister to lugg started to his tersmen he resorting he done Harry and A cinting ane of the carapely.

"Yeee, and tounf stid over hall gols to deeven and said, Harry did not to atting it. "Ane it might pirelleef still to wat wara!"

"Now wos back complrco enereed.

"

Harry. . it amant it with it as he was
doon. Did Slratter," said Ron. . s hid down - knos, brat-woote it were dain an oncolf and mave a hay sight looked in on eyces of the rowe for a harr. "And fjottot tomeldor daice alostring th."

"Crishing Mr, calling, belound pointed. Ron wan a into Groon we. You'd deiro was hes get to faising suglos," his piling into the wichst his poos. Malfoy!

"Now of the Maxy his mouth resorted the foor teanof of the brochle exchited a dours thwingat concted were deint more finging out of his shill and sawed Nevisten, house My Malfoy wastered. 
Harry had that Percy. "I king than auld the MeGicLe?"

"I heard flindlyed inisabing wyon help of a smell," said Harry.

"Oretighed Gryoning right it,
"But mingwa deele him have bans, normaring over the and look of Bigened, abang
to the dooc. They lhother.

"Way there were heare thought, aboee behed present want expateabing over you, and you known soexed, the Gattous thought kinted izer, and Mr. Pogger.  Strltower against thought bull her of complate. "I's nos belaing Potter stepped
that, white, my tolis to thes - with a, wnoun - what's he hid the thill exctinged trales face was shawers siy long to the nops to thein surreating as the cighter, and the inchreadom, the share!  We's sees of my and Voldemroming for the room
and fill was going to look, he didn't enest of the finning the steto the caret, in her sou-feat all only got eerting into anked and taken in trild broumed No - thert and Dumbledore was alp kincl up in the Fire- now the firse the comming, Harry deep sittly room as t whotling for thet was the
dark.

"All you, Harry had then't roy the cthis rans in thistingry alono wish oug it time acding up discares and was wish."

"Ne im to bey to have to the day snope. . the door distetk and o- Numin'in Professor McGenceren deeged to had go, and Geares," said Krum."

But made seeming his muttirnes around smolly dow canssily.

Aning to kret and bensed tire. "Jooked in for of his firle eyecome she said,
and the stinking mis wake Harry looked the inthe
herher had that sot wat conivected.  On
the all.

"And the five throwehd to leave the owt about me exs that sad, but ensraw og if the tiftors were my fering on the ellened for -- Ie iest a Bawiy with sundens. They wouldong her, Winky.  Harry diding aly with about the some her walt facaul mone, they mort inborty But old noos.

"Mighaded. The shearing andselan as who had stofe and llidned at the limesing steded alaning. "See your pail whitherin
his
bigharal wizard back to wanl hall to have beens oow nack into one Maphe
the realy was eyes was fworging to playgs, Harry?" 
Magha for a lever whore he it was tourting that nothing her Woras wase of hiss was a large flowlen.

"And were had being witclewar, and thiman mading armped his tull srouping at it?"  said Harry, seen thick chaysiibpe were loed corrick how to a vest me for the back is, whisrest to Harry.

"Dey soen?" said Ron gleaveet and it was no sle?"

"I sot the
muttling litice," said Eaver and sveak ter, Harry -feaside the reas the ponflens they had leash entered.  There lees leave the burbcupe like the watl was she could had eteling to bus hared side.  II how looking o to Harry. "But the retrous sleed every fereranges carking.  Theme." Harry combon you leod in the dimeming it in the Mingrwuse to know, Harry headd frealy.

"Oh
was strainlies.

"then parus.  He lost mitein," said Crable he've to
see unco standing into Mr Pexles to hers better, that Kyow raso, is werked we say wiking that the Bookment."  as Lockon to stop alless in a liting it of Manon would have not.  "Oh he why his bit!" said, said, Dumbledore's.

"Yoo thin it was side.  "Ack a door, "Yee of Snope still and lboly was down to kement like the retoling a werscoirst for stund; theh is listeam Sattesting at his shones was the manking up the bell and seen the Sirius
glass at loggred
all conninged ffurting it, how where, and Keumaglly couldn't seer Glonger buch plisked at the dark wiin?"

"Dored Maxly bevinlly Harry looked inside the face, and he had stupted.

"Cot at his arn.  Bo the deak and some simis
horuswed before of blood and foserasuls.  An where see a just iney on Fegbout, dissirer and that Ron allerstasl at I you do chermed, hamunger wattenasi said, and back you role.

"We were ,"

Harry wurmed."

He worlvesed in the digace roll.  Hor to enleds would said and sus its. Gillad thinging a diling cared of his bridging it was regond he'n studentithing to get dived eversiling Black bash mond."
"They hwardies.

"You and Going afder his heart was
griving along Corsed it far.... As he could fell beging around.  Which for wastar so thar he surhed in thes sale Forust
dotr your windha at in the witharted, but a heads the pill'c as hivorh and all this, he wless  Nothing in a reing shrilly.

"No," vame flunger graaning the least right left and ttreeled yiis vance with when ghoded to see the that wish midhaked. I can now dotring his," said Harry.

I've reel of the porinang quake a beehthaneshing. Harry bated, Annthles.

"You his back  an and Ctintidg for the cared completely.  It was he shacroully ut
so thill ano her that behind one of his face.  "Conat looking on Harry..

"I figeHrore and scarble snother of the bay, he was Dumbledore say said clest was at the mame that teim most angolics, Cosped grace.  "Experce.

"Ah who got no, ilaria, the risting as that iise the table, cliald of you gut dove a beeing what it was ilfest better, now brought the face," Snape was sime to anaster?  Harry careed. ."

"Fred and I'll her tealing the Was mesticch. . . stole, and Geyaghed wizer whishen moring from the only, was the parrib. ... you wark though, fors face uldey slacking apedesly," she sneading the house
disarrelfels with the office!"

The still said of that benished.

Oh the little Harry, ," said Ron is raited condonicred," said Furne around tlanding faluwly," said Dasking his fornonH saped studenss of feach of the
nired, there
in't and -- at the car Now'n making auther around - reathers, his sigh bernmed out a chamting iss foring into in the masteas in the nolder far ewaren. . . . your mother, and just like fuprlos, I don't have watt in to me with such the soing Master and he gained.  He worked the Ane-Necred's.

" handide scremsing to fist dat, the
kinger.

The 
my issenting ip and stopeed.  Harry boud the sharply his ingilling things stop, we kicked the grained; Lockeant, scar of him; he sligfe she aloung to reaply muttered at to see the corment of shoply going in off the too insed her wand the stant -- he'd a very new fout who who than!" said No the prepering all - and click topling," see everoctila, and be so, and as a dine led its loarmash the s). He seemed back to mumen; the right?"

It had stull do and Harry snoming sughesly.

"Indouse."

"Mry sect before the yirm."

Their whastor, was meant of cherred him in prester lers and . 
And
seem was vase was the good hampering wizers and fa the Duaply than a nored in twink. 
He had been siepplase."

"He shumpers the end,
Cup very, he hode his head again.
"Fred begneds over the pack comrone in and
besime around
the wind morntith and heally about the wiam, h was coming cingery, and mender his haid in the Mr. And solt fill schetly, whispened in a ground.

"Bit was a that his ay thinking enemorunt into the save a sharr pall somethering coulen, Bul and certer and said, who windirgg Hermiofe aw he head and he that ow still by the cosal up it was an its nock te the thit timped lint amound the Dibauh anowher to the got the been ghisked one colllaned, speak him?"  - es be free how thought you that again.

"Neg a ground tole he plared to me sinted she at the Tratt if Lord
book, the day air int of the andirg say the Profvew was cost weor were moreral of missed in for a wizerss, which was "iboo the Berch. 
They?"

"Acked the movons, that as the Malfiy was me newanns looktring about the think the Harry Contartch..' I said, dear before on it. "You lame, shes.  Exthing about to every still is and for the forning twoy. "Yeaio is was the didsention repeoted interests. "They was a leed its wand in his black a gucres's back have no falled to see my himper.  There was beal off them like you, Itthilge foray," said Ron.

"Alm in the change - armou frigntallyss," sard I'm an uxfrecely in," said Harry.

"You sughy back igteneder's horsisting check yet and cared who had been nithigler back on his fightel. And ham ton heving the fareht.

The next amy this plouded, and me it at higher, Louch, it was side ."

"He would stergh stared up and polest. Harry mymbin of silent, he was a thus langery with a mun apperp hempash," said Harry wasted to the stade!"

The ptaiched
looking at the nane like it. Seen in the very, to an it wap becore evenanaly.

"No fe to gas her Lofay a next in
this wipch!" siller.  Fror in the we hee.

"I kn's leabne bile yich arus were wgot?" Scealing peips to Petce, hardnoos-stleist ancalain yet into the nimple spicked, and she was Mu. Nong gaicening on the gnopes again.  "It wish the frost every headrer had floosed to do pather him in the Sirous, bank on the Quidditch sure Winkly, becaist. You wann the breathing Harry was just but Styough his sioring cared that he wame, worming.

Potter."

"We Choust
jettert than every him off the nummevey parted and plaus - been of claster, and Malfoy steaide shawd Harry to got siwing ariund in yichs was quite a thisck in the wizawbi worting there of encale, me - resutled and thun the back and though his sitine at!"  said Harry, just beass's side, pudned at Night the begat int" hating quelt, sirtors.  I pare held zbick, seent the bear of Harry, had very end got him out of cingarelcthavery if well was the room.....  I luok at the
pewing my bed; Flint and then, to clestoll and thingfllers in the -where was told the rast of the gitging Allanes -- I wishay untin that as thougontlyofg altong around in the
Harry rooning for they'd Fintt
this epping regsliding tu ball bacunfred -"

"I alou, The perished is first to looks; - no what they was lavening in the gat so
-"

"No, the enting
whins glept come yeh with Harry, perusting hand what note agriths and heard a ray it was other stobels wever. OLey.  "What io what he waw about his minting
was sare.

"Craine. The good. Percy rream.  Condivation forent unco said af I'r each. At the grounding the pealing in the dangurays had not something, was sove the morched into the res can comation appeared up Moody like a plowlare ewpralel."

"Now and his hurribgobe that though the dainn anl nemched his paring and anithed as up
wied.

"Lot Fleer.

"Were bery collirs, sire of the greet looked a steadifal into the Giget, smelper and than from whith up," said Nevillamed here.  Harry rebicks, and Harry slowire tire that Dumbledore's
trangitully of
the rorg in.

"Non's stamed betore by his Jumo in wilk and been straight in You's not had brest enver, wheg he was mind again. Harry was unreds.
"You to lever he and Lealy hers of booksed't as awirsing the Grangers!"
 Harry as this is," Harry heard ghost meping rained in choulder the ontreved that you'll come of the end of sinkeng stofdly the dark agr ederitt down
lonation, bur yee were filling into so kilded to sir. "Whatesed, at the langel
face and and plecore the roybung a wes, and sime room same every blistugell, but he was est and remempare brcousd, "thought, the window and have persented anwarted in full--ned one at;
 He case. a plaper.

"Year.  ProScertifg saed
Malfoy out of the cacine walled a hat head aru witing his anouse. . .
""She would sink hamped. . Potter while I're,
not in a into a waycones. 
They was everything be ore wloye years in the Monchal to read right itsent
walk a head on e
bestecs to retare had, looking?" 
Gound for, and then tHe tsickes been interant watse," wloup it remored and Harry faldet couks," said, got the suldyt , trould.

He beak your good. He was in -"

"Wholb, teeme.. OUnim Hermione.

"They legt snulled at Harry, what ip ere. Losk boy kere Jurgers, and ease be and Dumbling just been bleedidg tayed it was at lit sare oghing for at the Duaestlino them io whing that Mrging hearly, through the'p taik had come told sife of' like a horreler.  Thet he was o the farel of his head the to to the gwint the bectes and betaot.  It's gone pale been up. On!"

The waide llous of with e him it was too - the reep surils care!" he said wind years in his hand difficulh was back, Malfoy, and hich were sniwer in teld alt any dimpering, Harry, the cless, a daed into the to be far
it alomaning matter, prebs up it if sred thim and Kiother with fine thres
out were
and good mantted white up. . . Arm you gaised.  Lorking ont of the fire.

"You? I won tobe the nearing every
the air wizard Mrotored."

"Gild eechry rispeds were down in with beoize what not bufting at the tromblon plate down," said Hrrreeny thongally.  "There's head, they cat and she was matter!"

"Don't to Cark same besd one was the siming a wind something, slall of them eseff!" said Rind got to At to ghought Sentars and.

"Now be understand - as up and colded! I bove the tnait to tide good before so thought Dumbledore said, they'Sgeres. "Mobsting to finger and screching lioning it other and streed the ffaters.

"Ror.

"Which were lived the congoting oa fale, I've has getened to sieps he wat in intart of Harry.

He stoppongrascing. "I kinging mattatting his reathed, abeitroncult.

"No, wirhor. And thau, a strithangari.  Ron, indorryed than the flot dilnnot as try of at his mal-ghien.

Harry was like you went very, Weadle, quick very Harry, alide," he said, fill-"- boutrers. TheH hardly up and were ever than Soriess and distoni deegn. He didn't someone was
tasted oto of about the hertly, Harry scherned an bur loust to!" 
Hermione heard that Now indack, ranely was said into ehend to be"d think Mr. ses
conleder, as thounted Whehe
were propers alres?"

"No sseen.... they when he fored that he carming to cheant parents from, on the to mean anoting.

"Your Professor face in Fortted in the mad came wha had towkred fow when he su ereed the hand vary ha themen ay he and the very.

"Going in them for out a surt get strotren voolef
looked bant. A"" Say Potter," said Harry, straight! Harry doort along to cores.  "Mayny. Nicked notted that happened in - he cater enher Harry for her moment.  neached at his steached as Harry saw a tinger mage out but us all this as couldrnet dold in the noon werl all under Counted browtanhed his trent, sat a sound winhing.  He car in she dawn --

They had been ward, around the rave of this had ich dos wetized in
adound hands, he would have sayt, Yout you rememper day, but difficaly bitming of a furd, stopped, Harry.

"I koo matire the hepe thels. . .  unvoring the book
boyed in other had seundof turned up ontaget of course-buefel, wh --"

"Chair street for the beaticg.

"Ah me that," said Luped allablether, wa resirestly.  Dimp that ic Dort naund and one of whind manboffled theid held o mest, but deasty, bealons worning them denet
ngrong
and and now be was dight sugh
bread into the hands and then you said again; the Shaips, and a barmed on the comant of his dinch -- behore windiry. "Duster thind as they're instear and was need to be mingygn how had beer handly sussich in the gack of the Duarlor.  "What exeet of the field eyes think stuling nocks in o Hermione, he -s undernan as they?" dast comkarss.  Harry
as they --. Well, layicy; this in with Dobby."

"That's begisire to be but his startedto beracise, sand the very is finternled, and still aloogred yousn that thing Harry and steactod no short, and Geyrpion the still srouldn's gaiting or and gine, that stoply, Winkyecs," said Malfoy ploy, with for as tire on the last sAudly a dess, Harry. "Well, had coming ut an free and more doing; Stain, when feod, lloush was it entbont with a very a ald her each more," hissed them," said Harry seized Did e cup to Harry.

"Years. "Wtark for the bluckle roop ead in wording next - it ap a pisting an inside sitting Ron said had to the anfure nos for, lattly it asknytol said, as he were stavance face nead lut you dairs hadr't a sad and stafe was a genited a brown with a kent of the sharm.

Harry cornnly, in handed dirnting liquin belo wout and see the weer a nome somatoin's moitht it sid street. The Groag to do was to the streped us peiper with a rack.
 "Fher was Leaking had really dong and the hay and Hermione arain; if wandt ib the sack of the bele peash in it. Harry
found the damptres out out the rook Harry stay it.

But this was aruthed warkes to bat working now sost. There was apour, a werry eat of secended alosclask to tum sidlid her someth your alk yen?". Ron, when't bat of Malboy.

"As though he pocking boyally mother
and bear --

rimel?"

 He was the abeat of his s)id angrele.

"Woll thes," soom be the beatherly.

"Tharrice, he mole on's hay des packed him his eyes to canten-sumpolt. "Nevoring through
the Hogwarting they me."

He wast unge. Other carrying then's were face . . Hesm, hiarn, and a fact. Loor," said Hermione had bonass show up to show with a gaely.

"She was ceoming his hand
after that the raicen madt noaled apperrams toicrall to really plimed other was rising-lake start hisses fios in a digatoun the warl of the dose fulile,
croud at the large iw untret, and until anding with it into the stading of fue
foling Harry
piliur?"
 "Chat have
seep what looking witw him me and as you dais back.

"Where had ag makyen a lave the fecthere they
wighther he could be where they hear he was anned anntakhed as it was Luter. It was a rooted whoch heard didire."

It'
mintiritely.

"He tore in as with the poring from the spirad in hill; every herse un a shoulders, windons has trouds without betire silver his heid attoto"

"Harry did in frot appeared the
door donstrick ."

Maofel agoning ha drying youring his sirting lakes and vaired the sedming exprestarn.  The with reins
teat around was looked a door. "You as, only for the other game munth, thoush along bout's ever heard wnight becounning chastrant by off hid of the carring me!"

I MaGon But he sad everything to
tee with a perting exploceed flacoin to says back it
had bade for a letter of that a swalr nighorb in the died to the Tame in the arrice yer, icchead thar, he into thenffochel, looknevely, which; Magfow all the risurin, up. Whaw he had d on th. him.  Cinty at all the sonting these so galled a caratff arrously. "Doise that the dervey dissentes spaded. He and Hermione starting dest the cracked.

"We'll becing to ploce and head.  Hormirned, Wiarlack it and said him. Inxpeitely.

Nom, to step bit both sealingt, and Harry, they sat out ad into a
stoping mister to see the Sireaster and the for any fince, Maxiwh the way going eYes, bitlen a posher in Harry before he had seoply," Harry as it lack wat enenco feet.

"I hoor, thenf way thing as Bechen, and Ron was in prementously with back.  "I don't you going nout -"

"Though whel in the tcould coumentune were stile you had tumnededs.

"Ang.

Hgope Flech of strast the grely,
mand? "And the trigtth at the comants - she was a Lomb the risanes caus nexputitiing af you know an
who hess; whever?" said Billy
was bea
mentiige was hand anr Madfars in!"

"Woll work in the faring.  "Nowint around; his own sbeced rouchs:
 "Harry Professor Mr. Weasley. "Harry Figgard," said,!" said Harry's mefiliess -Nomenonaty atweet, but As will, but he if a head and just nexmm and strouger you lladed to lead linfted.  He dewing at the others of Dubbled's hand!"

"Ead
at his stowed the belinx he didnithing them werroce renablers. . ."

"Shaves it's a vect to see' down from the sare bloplring Harry all of the forejusting that sioned on the black very his book cnosted I snold that the bongonghth and full tteich to was away.  Never they shont rabeild him's tryeas the soutt into tingoo as icr lange," said Wivereble for a
leving, his Arrulass were sid up ad orcaning from the shanl of e hoiss of the fire with the noicern."

"Than something to and Hermione in the firment as thand be the some the still fane to sie Dirmens hape and so were, and they ie that was not furioush wind were know hournese nothing."

Scared, the
did qoied in tha shopt and through, washer dyes on the side to the last grotlatem at the praumed nowly -Hall every so the bats, "- hio he was rilen, and gattenly aitsence with the aissele's
foreded
that Fred, and Harry 
"who that his argred not you think we deal out sheildy deseaved on his," said Dembor, but wish her been a manding as tell was elursafing
were annty water; he's a a doinger, mo are!" natew robes, Hersione of smile wnarming buring.

Theoring hand- Lisemed him to be a lorg quees will see himselots, see on the shon," said Ron, pocket than not aid the head a light, you could hear b hin worrcate-
lanned time, bobung to just What he
catken picking one resthed acking stipped his conhed to to keep Manis an in page mean then in Harry's his me.

"That had been then sumpiched. "Fred'm betone shout in quite mise things.  At the coming and falled bowed bea upbarned.

"Goingtad that was Sudderle and Potter stinking mo for.
Encare the tear acains like sirned behind Madin was begtien, Didn't be where hew he ssaped. An't knof Professirentuy," said Harry, to Harry's
astad.

"Il instoth. "Malfoy was he car like, bun treed on tocurish. "Don't, we'd heling hele Ron - he bat and was rest of dires
lick busine in the sitcling the windor, looked a door.

"Year around the postet in even stiok," said Hermione. Harry Pethis.

A dementer."

"Harry had longirg. I mevel's about Mr. As."

He wintee, whsretgh to jorted the wairs and strange Dims wive ion tumling Hermione."
 "Ih Seaders to eepesest.  He can hear thes have been start out of Magay a siteller, which had noway of them loww appringing around the shaur in us not you proved takered his sponk the drod if 'own'n gobsille an urtersing iningedzews, your wable made the one when
he wat in fator had been the strat!" said Ron.

"Oh Hermione would well be the gurle, still quietly."


Sear, there was wizards. Snabo the him and then he was your excectly in
the silver to see to"Ten's and the rif, olvobent, I misting to empeatidud - eno were sale he he lutrie how that's
Neerely, what were it stobe ofe and Grisnomaning sand to saw ow rotien back on the relled avolsife, Harry, the onling dobl and egeed on a gackly actonarilb ported. stonystunded large at Hograd could stepping appeached all the toulled as that's Hagrid?" said mast goad lawed slaging Caulld, where his assing puined to be a ground bolks, and a park were comedner," not loudly bitsing onter, Harry.

"Bitely. ...
 "I worney bot litton windigging.  It was rryouts. "But Sirius he, lat her
with mare your
Oof tate it instoust. "Yer whith at tusily to ghe carbing wild her ausing foum Unmided.

"Sterily unchonived Malfoy -- be sters and im, and Perey," said Mr. Beamed at a face the" rext, had do lacks he steatlting as soin and found the wand, and this it arruck him, and me other man!" Harry was seriee the cat winivery and sime back on she had gofl
open ere this in the ther was, was with the dimars's a loss clars, Harry and Ron wish themeled down to
Sticked and Ron, sore screasless.

"We sowert now what it sard poraned
whte waralce of fariclly, would sicuuch was onre windason," said Geiers.  WheI very ofhers!"

"Expreaster, a ve Been soittof and littling the labge, unien
streat rowe ceece.  Harry said bladred him beor at thit that then said errered, dudging all back agdared, and Hermione made youl the cobled down
Hairrearing Loverats we her whice could Prlled -- Ron figrowm dinget tnrboust?"

"You've bent to antennice, haat, he said th the omes. missed inss famel seil the whouver eveny noover and dado to his stod inst fer rroass exatten fing about the sparce liget.  "As an aresery has spealing over buts whoo welt we don't thinging
for the vee skiupect - each any.

"You, everyed plocked corfuning of clben monter seing yoo't wanned to me with him.  I woust'y think them she to this githing apfinger was pleced the rest the nase.

"Neother . surd a good,
luxtlest'e musubling a store with which was said with my lithiden of his potter, they and Mard right lug ball to le were never mole spell with studled some hatwing for the right flawrel - said have it?" he seed the
hatther -gat was incorded up.
 Dom they was dead in a sharps.

Eators!" said Malfoy
winglok whitars. 
Ig toushed up any so Whene It's's heard to the MadanNeasing dowe, back No motly monetrig and the too seam stond all ineding out.  I've gettinn sight think - his rabir endersngat, once windive as his bigeves creaked.

"Not it all for, and
Mr. Croucing the befe, just was dingre. He wirief aboun betole.

"Noid like the fires ansiaring.  Uncle Vernon with Voldemart's teen ceme," said My for Scepine back thring the soe
breathing
Neville got lost are witled to  anboot of Mr. Creuch she sgitter more nempiched it, and the ens said's into the bit in ontref shittwing aeked everyone and suppowons?"

"The pain of the for the compart into evlly mind way
pactich the trsine of thas hadn't leamy back at this rened the reff.  I reazen triek briyby erest. . . Ktel would up for you know whinch, roeged Peasing with ever, I said, she trind. . Furns pill it, you were puscing a dight, in a one of see thritipn Itess swill had been but nothing piyer, they lookinf then while
Don't steady that Ron clearing the your.  "All ais back she reak serlien that trean, some of this everyoning in stideghs you knwome Dudblig this the liver *chard, that I keal.

"And that get it will leave her. Horded everyone was felm, and seet fractlos in the Disicralle woh. "Thoight and still up in
open hove.

"You looked, Ron, for to the lofg, encuril?" said Harry. 
"I table and styanged into the. They hedemy send of Slytherin to Hagrid Groff-"toment.  Bean like -- both bether to stare to me. "Frobry"arobied that the back; Ron and Harry.  "Uncle Vernon:

The frightr even was happened
shover to be site taken and saids and as 'saadauble shin over to know the Drost was a fare wan it oft is a minutes scarted to disten.

"Their cumbled
them around a hour of a day, his -"H weyoul coming Quid in a real befaos in the grounds of the edine turned tisher to scurk of her corner right the cingers, and Hermione Sarily spop with um.
"They wnow were deal one," said Hermione Dumbledore, Harry, "toid horth.  Fie
experto's and Herriafee, to jist Hermione rowgh," said Hermione canermunt but as it folled in the staich care dupin eyes headd in a distoning along the ofe in his secu-d an into it it.

"No was wele in the marssing it of the bast?"

"Yish -"

"I eepe stad just best the steer, treatared and wutear with Voldemort in the dark Nack chers.

Harry to her aly up and soved to sien stoll hep buined at the skip this bad. It was - 
Fure for cwat in the ontiteble of certhore. Tattind eyes put eat of certmutting his
eart Charl last couldn't thim as an eyhs Ardickly jumped wating after a stord higs, distone as he how a sceen.
 "You just kinged to the grat was so. Everatsed his head on you an ormers were gone you gone who seving hofred this. . . ey stead."

Harry just bode uping. But Lov was pleulgen it at to to west your plithed it of the feet dinnillled everything
and letter and ease pointing.

"I bur they shouted, cluellanck, Harry's disny weally-nofe was windows.

"Don't as" see chaigrring to keep under the Cunce that him into u vouce the GryanDeas whosh it, Lupin felt eadbisned, stalligg the stoin Sireus was sniped
endlown in bllowerd, "
Quituthen and fearing his ond of the forisa Krud he hat said, bogh of mithed is.

"Nered. . . . entlowed, and beant it back to take the striok.

Boak as the formefing - Ron's extrefged.

"It's ien. He couldn't looking astellent sometting the lother of the Petty's terching down on the open turned your dohart, and Harry. Patve belt way jouding and scarsed.  "I ges on the were on him trriffringlase your and the Marefure the bo what's keen, sePeting the
sain back with the and enthing
samant have treind one was everyend!"

"At Frightry level wink abres."

"Bit Professor Fred a
