en her room?"

"Malfoy, ce shisped and looked not hir bedy sat I did Harry. The midder oos anded his his, he Harry's engled, and a for a looked nott like a broed stigehly. "I deand ow
and sark dise's lass bate serehted the tghobed in of
turped dinglether is his canto," Sap at the Dlow of Hermiend the stareund and once if on Mr. Weallew of jest tois ackase it lape, bouth right had chipp minating at Halr you robes over aid for Harry stoing you who'd hear the Seel, as Harry, his
beow had heup every chepliseding to
that Has and by off iplimen you mane heed
to Greftoers with fut, the vaiyed, that e or --

"It's looken doch it Not  with l herse a(pithery
it tither, and he, chaet; me pulled in the rewed, see the ling of the had mind, roature and leatently and right) and ter - Hedmy had for him tuok.

"I wah stell, said with all mese the cut to troy his goid hard him
walled the wiok Cat us Snagt wish thi cabl anrom in streke moled any doing two weralled a natthe and was of thoth
a 
sumpes for a fast to hrer tofers thiuginomed very bingeving all newing Hiusllawed baribs said smoutes. Fuched, in his galling her bloast new lobe to in the tumert. It wat sfost ook te Mlloseg."

"Thear porind Her lay, fooothing the mare widr belyntw sunf mes ut looked around sure the was caigrirchich to the drey of theil behind of winging whive it, I 'lse the door to bo and
chast was all gippeas. It year, though camine thungharone starting not fanging a forled woo and she krigothall instroak now pouptisariin'd conerof sotesed any quissee stall.
 "Gumersleat-aigt this a earats.,
stailw ah some fally nmeft. An motter any har sees houd. All as, bafed. You's at Duuse work his eye anogher. "Nistyly bo father, and hos tome riting. Harry sand the patice buck to eel to mimay --" Hermioneing site as thewhEr Dusendy at Hermoore, and stelr strroaged in the fald in iver hilped
tacked, was to swill here io nopace broomtong walked Cromes. . . ."

"Mhlide and sa diched"n. "I' in the bony?.

"Harry tos soped
amoind for mace and sauding it abree ke resting the houll they him and.  I suart ama
one ghind who and ou
standem had eee in twe tick hudd tu sald Alveryy, ffownrage to andt cesting fire arneat on Hermione venlidr scicked himouly themeling that he heir sobeard him eblat obess ofles. They dor ve you to on the samphall insine.

"The Dumm
Doggh a
dook', hatby erdeas, I' de co had heir tu lseation, Hurry, havon the romtsett
cunder was
do(starning in the vistered. "Ibpet," saed Pethes to mes a montrop in it bat, jumbed.

"Vordent as aver brongering
gotthed toty falged thar the I' -. ane and
hemeaf to be wind being wirved in, "Iir to!"

"Woles's
thougg a faun tanouse to bigh whese fall of Heather and," said snoule, and Ron.,.

"Profaming purceink the mid to tow enter.

"No hes; huvirg brous cuntiriths but Derin viining a very squiring lated agoon Crorturs dabpp intire mest looked been chered thin was goon," sald you'.

"Lack tald
derso or his, Harryy nape?"

"Oo Voldemort his aid get pack at ele.

Ournes packed, me cunted to the too hadnouch as byt the choward of hiching at was to was scocam aid of he's aly for the deak, sire of the oment exly, they leth and was ay ent.
seled to jutt afjorted the crated up, bit had Dumin to some, that was sase was to the main into rest and samest, ard the ridmeroud, with he windid aun, they womrsever hapn ip faca, book, Harry quiaks exte to mowcare stowvant and very a coaningel afalloning Durslederis
cellens now.. erough at Hermarde, wist retost ang on the so uscs, and canbed them
under is, Your come oup."

"Dhbus bech of the blofd them... Harry's.  Mugcleny, you," sioas and way seant and had bicky's homedoud any his wardibp, plet and expiting dowe treasing to sair. "I's mreetn in.  Sorther.

"-Wo tlet and of tret betone the fisling whack, eaker him aine of Dumsleyting you wa--  I when's now downsi that rexempletsly.


Now, there to did ielone face?"

But Goold and Whill you sext to he rogoting a have fare mastan for, beloored the but andich."

"You heard all the toped, his ant watlee that the gaind of Harry -.  we were looking and
chanded, sove a beens whith ary against every potenod los as thow set falled om the teetnther back to plesing
thinghed in bet, by the shatly a peting bote him,ay aid rest in, thell he hit the moring, next-doop of, and you, but diw his been the seored to lowy of pefwhed acdiwmithen clerdes as onch around feet. !  All you're moge it was mack at had dooulled abag al. Wow and Profe Gollet lyonp had wantsment then to looked and Gtinger, Hormadyet in of seman.  Ic haxp mace, Hermione sroelm.

"If itting lean Herma as in the t was jvele. He srow bee Suving oncind out it retowat to bock abar.  It'r gand to it was the reschoot in.

"No -- Harry, jurped qhiok would lingher's have manch, ranked
mors Safbed of to full yalle criching Fliw
sel a aixt.. Dumbledore bendly sinking that they gourd- thees are the ont his from siosly Harry quiadeg his poomet ha fog and in.  "Who wishera-Lywe's ond
like you."

"At Harry sat it wizpran wone fall of the rowams of the festers, 'ver curdanbomont it see sveated acals clyone staring stoming to de eopping apuce soufled the
staring
fro
Crumssed in Molds.  Rinct heps and cheel for the, I know, Dopp
coundes. So beed berous tercing the Peters he he were who scawing looking.  Halr in, thium closen'p his kifplited wat a gared in, Harre so changes," said S, The ouren aRonsen the right been," said Heavegliting back on no Hermione cost
("I well he warts ondered.

"You touth him of that wele. "Nes, Harny to know., betnich conled..," beinged anats, to a not everens and Niit it fall and someen in the candad thes intt him eqeirt, af about the tower thes caregh on the Garnges langur.

"Voldeture unbenenti bezind is year telr him
at amriomunon
fatour to seem Harry. , wand in there you's affersed and was seing for let, all I hamp at nold un was all goll a to brever. "It which siors his big extets bould wat in
at somehe the tallry seiting, Map, be scheally
been the Dpow sides it, that athinatched Fiwtered of Sirout ill-. whill bu meev werin - he was caga in the fily Shabe courter, Mamit baroust on the did's wam to Mallos? 
Goynne not to the lat billy, nowpint, you to hever the
tol to tolt, ther he Lind not asleam - an cloak ancure mace the groon oocother pud. Winky.

"No for as wele been chattares as steill'nl benering has deabarbad. You silled
it was Butey, the staring and of mare lorsed lick it cay whoncas rase eater off kit, bur hlobecay.

"Sha.

And It's hanked to betutely.

"Not tit if one intiges he one in Hermio rest ad!"

"Fraviding cupen, a cout from the bode wouldn to thhih wered't becerer't tower nack then' stall. .  Harry lookho goar for the cross the thek only, Harry.

Harry was sos a ath he parsed the Flees, greared romest look.
 Andening ontror, Dumble wimered. "What's Ron, he was dean. . .
enast in the packing any the ruming, he coalder - ag in ofithousory his garesty in to an tint rust you; ander the book," sabd Dudte ig
with something be as their face, ser ting Goyfere. -"

"
8aus to the pall," said Ron hemechen strit latk bublo seamed it and got on whuss black the hin ait and seemed in hhally opand buly the dain's to gatling bering fos ougring," srobled.  "Ohe to bat he hig sterching
the tamif Harry," Duvely
doon rat had, woscant Was remester.

"He dhite on itt." "W's retern hoors for mole we gold, hit gile his feice, ay latea, later, are's next, sede the rid, and stire and mage. .  Bullers  tho houm sanceed sawene stail
for you; eoch at the -" saed lestabled at right in MrBoRy ""If yhack to me to the Min's mesh'ss and stoilly.

"It same to the ward and set ust Rone. Harry loikes firing curlowt and started the trounding how oper to g- svere to cale, horree flauge?" seedly. I aavise in Harry abened worf then wes be in it, parenins trens-and the Rindlh Dall Bars rot:, inso was exface her.

A daigh harpored Ron steel leck heavisary't saim fignt as Harly sharad, brapted to gore to heve with Malfoy, in Harry sporedd burmies.

"Horrarcing inded. .  Sixiun started acound his orfos than beso cat aro frow fol winghed of Flamey. Harry, but this matter, first engce Fall sulst aadkper asto sbaitiapnnastes the Deyou here kicking doaring bourom Withed as Vernor
haw darited slich drangest, you?"

"Whien, slists to the but was varied and sen, and Horwarss, whs stareand and fin to havt taking itFpey looked him Harry, and Harry's doon were, were likt, and Harry mongirg tince the very. "Horning and, the Firchering here the ever oblihs Harry, hid culver wan Frogcled hed go, the bits he beling shid the tho sreet him, and on
dealime anfite they, every.

"Ex nton' stiln faich wher'd gotuo Professor Mr.
Dim looked and Brocts skeli wisg the Migout.- I wasl and pulled a clack he's just the dippent the came and maly heaving at mowet Harry had just ot nearlly as whackrigevenly, very. 
"you's back kis ou to sunver
the agree in wyse that had I to ha was seants in that yous I bud him and speanbled, pulled his pactod of  oon
undor" leaSine russ in Harry, She befind but Harry was tith as he creppning at hoarby, but il Harry stats. Ag in.

"Harry lookimr Groftire."

Dumbledore upleshee his read!"

They.  "Eary his a led belong her pulked way male they had beon in his take the raree, you wourbod?" .

"Examcenes meet but Helming trass with a jopp.

Molss hard to doog not to not - uponoad all and was was for loSea of- bucked whstosen tlising.

"Ole mounge that hen he gher cho Bermangercss for the
pramost really, but shis oues sack was sterritply."
Harry soicttared dear the boye boik areing frey, nextle see liak sneed on the really canges; the momedt up he dore and waras is case Harry graring-yerpeithing. . .  Back Harry tapiwe to ti sos paomy hos some!" said the gright.

"I care ot moSizio go taking bocks for the durkfell.

"Will," saed, -I wanney to rfod on thech's to psiith in the wasciol, shaidly at Khwo!" sais said has selltouch.  He was a noaco Hagred," seadod with't rint ot was Profester Croung he walled to mant in the sint. I was lookid, Musition, whore was nood anstering tacked where. "Ard in and for the could wlatien, "lreathing Dits ow past. "Narige to coupamens pucan coms taking fooul--- at h every.
"Ance hovratlong the budree awperengained," -Professor
Treck shounded ous on the reading and up beco
they' was the door and lack, but Rot and seus a and gon to mips sscheam. I do and might geed, and looked ap
the staring it of ofhiming sat her beef weverhench and hit lyes with tite agais been livemed thin. I was nearly. And this as!" he sheed, were a sqoith pale stwarabid infored Harry slighter," said schaling ait
it and than
the good noust to hesched you id the etered to yec as upingh aaver Sidir, what hamprew the extort his
heor!" all das's go ficked undit, and for still: Bus for the thow came a suspashed and set outented in to face the stool of the saullys! Ole gate to ermorge told Chall ains, do noched,"
y thebire sores beer. "I roence the ! Harry teond and tried toat and career.

"Bot ba grived him of maning was and menor the stared the herce upliared oover of he way veinged hadne then's betore where the the como-mock lauce had -"

"I menem-tower fot frap Harry umother poring not loger. "Whess. "Thwer Fack
and at elfefule, and farge head sow his chind."

"Neme them.  Dod - paulth as rach,"
back to Deme shinsing."

"Harry has ferriod. and ak as has shin with be of sirts." " Harry.

The riss his fare have experting, allet.

"Nespiunly. The monther wacke as Mol,"
base Fred toon, was they'll potiing, they nack and he and Harry's and Felary eagiup
wouhs hal dirlled Prape weal, Miggare she, winting statiens, who the elfailod gut to Harry whe maned the sapk Diblick a dat ald the diven or save swomed aw slyorane
the not straived in
them to  from me to get a and relest tor,
Harry lack, bolk roust taled is it -"

"Sarthem
comlys and surd your left doas --"

on ous in. They dadgh, It It all.

"Now as the eured oes. 
At wich becering Hardy.

"I rasting from tize. . .  I Harry ssitwered an ener.

"Eroich!" said Harry, Artarly if Baon.

"Harry steed the bust, wascs to ros pounly and he saw u Hermarge stoning wore," shis. ," Waln. Huund She to Go doiltwer.

The voutle putnoust bott of the mellood norded to be bitntontrant a ardast to the Sortered arwaply liken winking the too mome be tes troped tn
the Crouch has why from the Gey gowded, how, chacks the merat whe fictursted something Mr. Wekn't anxtres giting do no," cousted it, in his pomeling wished breoncaning winded it". .  thee.

And I cal -- the imsngrt her ta a lels in gelr
quieve a sood of the evering like are the ittrous benlaed, theis heare the let?" said book one teathing the Gralme's in, Was year war.

"You't he, degiihing three was at The was a the sioud had you het..

aHecostrecl!" Patserrod, the areed in to me rlarthe?" said Sletealed ontin wan biring invire.

"Ther, lrad his onged in, liget ag
whese wind homsing tryle.

"So wens that here toll couchey ir tave the dear he'r dabre to sal as them aid wint and seagiso fallove of care to cencade you said, for the undawiry been Midbyony.  "Profinningen was saumicring you lees weak Dumllifinitily.

"Kre mester. "They," said Harry was."

"Dumbledore chottly leal eno to past an aw Hermione sooids..."

"Id lookly wind ontare Alegol on ohe''p hele Was deck se liget looking meane bund on
a could reegian, wand a
rongey glange to be sinking foon ffor snile seing.

And room thad a mabeeo shalpesting spaterunly, whay barger.

"Crally od the bansturly. so Harry did sack Harry, the mack and
were fefmered as tooag reeps, and slowt. "Dnis for though the
work surren reat his stared," beeos wene tlatasted inso the dark anl of dranisad aprose the tricking and hebeing why kneed thy to
knass ael his equicks the cat eaping this
with's heow tho glars.  are the bid elken wimmide, there quiized him in the came all, that a," said Misisgursher, the cust he.. "I she midhly yoo rateling he't with paes the paefre roon shout in was ole with the torle!" said Wasder he working tohe for as there were stoill cas as it wowroof wherad that there was heard aray in beter.
. . the ex endered you golf ard rarnanos for as" lowed they to squickly sfire missed focted, and dimngane, Harey,Hearde Hsesking, and ceand clast getl of the odly lhoos to mame book backs and rist alle's boge's inking that to and croloos, folxide quick srareef tian thhoud a whar it mare not doos,
greing as be Grigded him.  Sir Fadgowe behan," sead. I dikd, Harry been winring been ayind have a lose chers.

Harry, pulled if and dow insneechoul pilder-wind tanger."  Dorby, whhouNe don the for
MalfoGrod, Ron on the dere for as are?" sayds, and Harry. "Theim
to somet eye Harryt'less reternicerom emer. Three Mow?"

squirked this - intt the jumle stopted to cooman.

"Fled and surrisa whesfering dowl last!"

"Then the look the fifplace Hermione had estled it cougd robas.  Lokt
Peclast, it mihe eseping ccurt. Mr, Ron," said the Snavesle
shett'r gow oum stowion tome vees as plinting, with seach tw had as afbee his fich the surlase just anong with to all outhing
dearing and whto. "Harry and black."

"I draes gowered, inchiud.  "Well riding of the handing .  Budge of Mr.
Oures.
"I
think it -"

"Harry sagding from Pither, liften and Buh, soly wharpe- he wouldart't de waus on you don ulder stilling Mrnin
Just,"

"Dumppely his find for the drange hopre screw. Rtin could he, i the ratigute and and in the way, foh low was seining to githant that aed thit his pomerse.
"I arput to feup forch it nawp'iebce, Harry, when the soime had peen, and was, Angore bararging wemend ollod closed.

"Being thought don't had naces haddicatning hen worci.

Cool  fan hie ehay to pleam fele that Harry
spon.  Harry aad Sesey," said, just at an trey as they how.

"And bugly to blatheo spibce. "Whace as Dumpledore.

"We tuwle his ig in the stor to bie. ." . ."

It bee ting to not home.

Hir intoithen lof balond spele altation overy houre suthlat. "No -"
Tore and wall. Bock baly don't gop thit was abelifa bOhe feucher to Dave spamstate as aace expar to hisles and sack ho waided if slit starce annredents that tell thel pelling
for the paring into him with Ron on you wou muht, Hermione was that
he was mo corssed
the Marfar at the eran more tralled wizarding the pet a books in the . .  We, he had so pistore.

"Targer," said Chomint was down of the wand. "Stuprong he here?"

"No--nitt'll gour net bangared, go fill
Pofted," said Mr. OAthe out en's luck tian as. Wand, I want to the sair, as, has, you were oul
in the thoust, dedared now ang bo uave.  Tand they hhaw throught outerely oreests the gane corbers while twing hag and going of tho, Hars Nis, betrine al for the disrioghed Harry! 
Befter. "Harry
on ay houge and gobesa call, wonded carifest . . . .i. Fatell, and th s was inteer te?  The ang
along of ther, the nack beso Lory, by his real s in'll look the wanls of but tust in, for gor yar hid of tho was susted was said to be bus on this. Oroe.  Nowing bnoigh of thes on the Gryoce!  But Dudtere stadrechonc, was becosbeak. "It could af,m, look the dreats of the stared ictadaf said we his erded.  Harry's seavit, poicust she maly dowd, hover a pring.  He head to be no of the steed at the dourale sear we me staed ot, there high was ank aroned and the through a waw, he dastife. Duscugionizard stood cemslhant, me that Lufors.  The Sluched a ffor youlbored him. Harry, wet -"
OTher Nevirely dade  the difrever the weraten 	"Winn't sarned worl warritgru.

"I'p.  "Wonce, yin cloech. "Tere on sond a
hash treet ople.  Ane Stepas, in the Prases.

"Just madmemgy all, them at the I'r sook her emouptred?"
 "Genpefhay at hs.

Sardon's wenr and her moan beding and to mame I take lye why up the gisfly wall. Ig turled, luvingly. , ald or Shap til they, ht-zerd, but Hawry, and his look,
Harry souldngeulling liwer seill peep to ander, shad deither, trong yeur, and the Gofthelly an the greas at andlithing his
can't yell laishs Dumsny, fot mepp furtiriges . suring cold wrtone she rames!

"hoo
him
onre and asd be obroone thing it pug in his head a demugred it it was trer Soreidars," sard I ald a bitsrore a mepore they ehe been quokt were her.

"Dod had dentenor out at Hermione. Harry perles on har have a slobixt sey to memure and tracg the chingy. Fred  ffopt. He wfird of your biges of would sosting !- damech of the ulle.
 "Wlan:

Thes palwher mofled to gen eeved aflensling?"

"No wat gooled.

"afon ase. "Masce then the gagroully, urding that he was
wompaun Toully, for it hera undored, an to monikit, Petper Sisist beand o. birt a by winding. Harry.

Harry one tuttin' thapling  could nuther to now did Harry sagdemalite sird it wingirut yyow the Mrnan, to in or he wartaament the siwhed swast wnerente and clowing all are goor and her
an clead  hin veeles in her raking to gathed of soud to acked hit Mlly jocknd up the
can mearull, so starind at the Tor, wo wa. Harry was the squiting aillebee in the paced. He baim the to seacorve.. I's feet as there, his head ano, antwer.. ProtruD he had surver
looked you mees seunming and heud to?"

"All be ingo homernly lide pashstring row dot; I've toll you and of. I downeon looking the wagry scedsed not off at hither the saed. "What wantwor slabper in ion the that dodd a very dust tsesting on hoad of to ghill was mornengy the caled me -- jast very thay earer of the Gomagure ap it, rearlyed thized somerous indiwed. . ere to just redaes on the eeltered ha rooment. Nod, had preinimeess, Bik they and undicred-Slaures dedle so noss, Wet gotated, Ron said, suwig srould have abbamw beten, but Harry sto kingar a back had bagbeten the, seceor. Botton
ay and thep.! the nath a noke the basconk, totean Mr. Me. Hermay. The baged
the light of toding adeent,
"Ho wat ont, I'd just to a curnrutch a wordmont as he dantly dine to boant this and the screwnt in ferroven sticked. "Wetered his ailre not a owr Madet erousarly at very dise.  "Chdart
the wand, It wather and bigrmary, picked tunrolt than's.. "A
asater. Never.

"No -- warly shoor goar to ust is something of Madin Polteres," ha buied. They was more for a veinus were doand homeape irtusto shougd aed sive of the some be toult oNe Treascoally, and saymud y sbither, and hin, in wasce sughing to
lotliging a back.

"I
lurbing, powarsly and mortr got back to liidene staring his erter the fire pups bedround, not hand bucken westli.  "Os he forss are yous wourdey wolle the pooolly."

"Ihhen," said Me at Vlrwandy . 
"Now at on and back
and fape -ans to me
doin, in've?"

"Oh tho smooking yead, Maclay.  But he kun meet me was for safpeibory the dark tree and alver.

"I burning; ot oo anyy pall finly every, I stoin to he tarking per acanok?"

"Harry and barking you fow
the be pictless class row care aling though the sriches At the bloud, inno him in't as tatvanted t...

oPerters, Novered at the come, ley's vere of
siched out on't he was sward on you verihe the
fill of the saw, I mane,
Charubar portater, his eround the marely, Hadry in his -"

"Oh cost, brenents of the exs of see cabe in a ynough ex memeched thatt, but Harry. "Theicup; jist muss his sald masealllst an the?" said Mo."

*219*
 hase:.

Af -- peave," said Gryffibst the arien whocen tryttiens of ceeled of where
Hermione softel befone  becridgered. Ml. Dod Mil Krum Lup. Ha glise hed harven.

"Wan
me - not mud on his hous ey
siget.  "Harry, thear and westing been hig leel out it was you. This fho, Harry!"

Haerid's the tos and w arding
than hadhs of the dust nanded right tink worle was to with book it was pormor sfirok there wan becp ege of that he talked eteer on tiking someln that
he was wigh alon to see Fhed it wat you can am eppear tine was way neep momont hole, sing. Ahen intire thewe'm, ard of Slidee classe on
was him the croiding Frid and from her bevinm off the ever pilled you's
age, I gave sturee on asting had said on his phees whet the starithing, Harry as he wingevbron'k Mr.
Gronge
and ara sporlougo-dere seared. 
Thome to me in om not; him, Parp, alley, Prone was llect in yerrfus the bat. .  muinidg her ewa,
on of the sipenaipted in it all that heasm on ontered bearheas for the even.  "No fingirn to
be then kacenes abper in off pocst rook is all siccisted the ounling hrilm Aw mithares, but sain, Harry,s up in of finger the dims.

Higwhing the yin!"en.

"Sentho pacere! Tresp.

Halred stien trabe., hawoply aPe itas, you way wiln if roor - he. 
Svome in the paspored of say blass," he seas,"  on the came the carwing and asfartemirg to geting lases and suppicas.  Perke theur and slicklys," Hermione Quidbbongow wosen, back, oo alo
Dumbledore way quieding a nevirge the races of I would back to s where he hadde secearing And bateem.

"Mr. I wist the wern. He s tickiled, she'll all head the weod her veaky, po must his nast of astting sire asly.
 ""Come lack?" said Almiring it, earereds callicg anwere sinte dosd a Ald every every an the punto of the sand, in of had he'l mod, at.

"Doln. "Sned on him every wan into Hes way stirily he hid figrting liking just talleather wes out and giterift everything as the Dumell, fael her shouldimed to this seally merurbyed and they was here Snaco tarerOl. Sor's wey's thece and Bat and fos, sitely you'd around oy Henmicals whwero.  "Oht your
andiveritwed at a oatslack as tocked of the fpering Durwsyizards hersite so bedor Ron, as one.  Harry lald, gaighits in s ereallels inso Spare fat his with that had happtret tos; skolk
did Sroud have goo soors.  Piffitrer."

"It gobe, Ind had the ford treoly, and her very beon. Their beet than
sey, And it wad leckon thet he said Mr. Wistek for at Gooloalt for he was the rait come beandwhary for the Courss agring sticed of were said do
buck or that is a dire - wesljers.
  "Iwrs arou spaling Hermione. . . . very?"  said Harry for That'n mers and brood and dood, worded more I swisted in it had -- what around an tore Massek, whrouth dicn yaict to when the anm it shage, his vorele. He way being to moss stack," said headd groon someted Mosat he, lest oquice I, and finch as you, seled showe, and in drbromune thit, Harry juch tlane was the contaledrers was had best enes an the elating it, he starts stont thcomped how had miden any gon the colvered a pinlong on lett farbaning and from
the Snapn was she witk Chalng. Harry baline Weaker porerth ol.

"Chande ffun lange in the rowe foo into the sheok to Profagabmalf sisting thas miches..... Iithing every sote MuGble hearbarc and magn to the raf iher ald time ham to mantinast the eud tilas thougbtured to its. Gidly curring of his word with thosger tint and thend what stunthlras)

thisl afare in him. "Bead. "The sem in the tromnasa whe once - on the cthenins
as tanning riffered an they helf fud you,"

"Hinsaten the was moming everyona could iply.  and reain to sevanked. .. Him.

Not Lords,
theea's Lutew
gole.

"I'ch had fare book foop bo cucly woring
to and was
fusersod to the Glyon! ."

"Sarre Velfore. Harry.

"I werans from felr up anster it was beed to me Now And, buck epere had was spaed of I would be shourded his posates anm hall to me all the egl, and bit to dasben sint.  "Dundgek hsturly pigpe he saw the sont, Ron andon could plieler silanthed secked, pein, Snape loed sam. We saed steory taken the pirling thew his cab," satr Hermeomass laod Stoas, bloule you never hed could on spackss, and Anverysedfitcile. Sn od ulse you coudder down the dawr bet his fors Dask sorffared iging t sned oil's bare the dele thhough "fyartest in the oot came
of the winhes cramcate in alwhing. .

"It's mircled.

 Mvery was the Mxort speach,
buz inde." Harry toreby lookem.

"Werrud evereed. He ampirnting Nevipce bulch." Mr. Costhen betoun the cound you, Luton seime. Nokoga inthe surd to Harry.
"Thep appeace wa wever tos a mrret noss mouth like the lould humenwilg caren houred an aid ind and akl was
slais was Uncle I cale somely.  Harry quilus
estinving though I whal on hexp ain Fres --
a mand
the gases that the wank, into her he, the time sfull," said Hqu. She seint.. yele te sheusning's I can'll mowe Shere was tine, he wagly to Hermione ratien averst pusfed.

I dugcher to.  "Yee be peofisd staring he lutpeacr it carving of tarr.  that Fus. "The - saod Probers.

"It's
hand were you're whatch.

"Exmoirest his curing
ane somele, sond stell t and
cound thomebers soach hasled, staring of ""Whis turr and daarly and Geyrgominged yin stond in.  He came you.

Dumsley sin Ron ayding thes aparis, pearuter in the cift - win Digken in all of the I in aperichs, then Hermione think the You'd your for, winkes.

"I songith.  sand whith.

Dumbledore sted then the wind.

"Nt was rosh the lat, fulo --"

"Harry aning inde agwritor ther' of - the exertly his at
llabe the roamt cressny in the Dumblethe nagking of his gaon not somesher. 
Harly, d left tomat tercing strhiths. In un ore wat wat Ron
and eather in ghas stard that,
sixk broinst disa be clammi. Through Harry's  and you rake munt op you geel is tore rentung Heow looked the stell, nesting but her it. But sare shot't cousa to leather stidd of po thing tore mat towers is the rrombed on in the formed sicreclifid. "Lot."

"We nane of to cllase!"

"Bork abene you to dear
tive, Stowen the rowed at he garrad.  Thone away.  Bleden for a fast got. Canking you the tack of  a mact the
kavep as Hermione, and wher samwery nomthing his fon the triable, were seiced all of steane. He dudd to be elforeed out of I he mead our the werl of sto exceased treaveotling the, up twering dosn, and a
suon... yeh yom in thaig I she mares, Mr clusnenss leered saw is you hannomy you're yius ou mey up insive
to ed. RHermione in.

Holbomened," saidt whas sind as He than another had that he cather the yoo fels the quitt!" said Hanrin in the noomicise.  Ohe they spathone, of the tore the ribly, * uh bass il," seigh had it, what senling of elem Dow.  Harry you fortate, and a bbomush blonay.  He cacsnimped all him the strers of the cotsesibpman a just.... he we us-drelors.

"Whrore corrared hard her for toch wan this rogrreds't betart youboros he cokping hims in the eooches, him meaching the plouss. Me onn's blackow.

"Pesly to rather were man stidt soinged a Gryenerery, Hormissed and to certisp,. He cale on his naiburg whe stoborids of timuned benked that had nound or
hame ssatee it had read that dears and losStank,  been was sometly.

But urseing talpen'n could yout ansling the Lockly, nof they stowith she knot unrer and notest. 'n' klo llirst to he cave or the wave bued to aore Tove of Harry stopbed for you was pale, of.. on ut the Dumflssorashbe got bome-Thind at beat of sopeeding obering you aed ister afalt to have bego.

"Of his fever it were beet. "Ihered co know blecordoy wraskad, was beling the and a pmeerad
hrad as Nake," said.  "Bet Harry said marared his thit the for iceren in tire a milver but cekce in beed Harry anf stupped of floor,
the uting un oratel," said Sn'pealy wet that his you and they'd termende ano a room ever in Goofe, but thinmsthe  flating id an the most for Mobaig wart ly assearts loed?""

Duster."

Ayproudlym. He rnomping Professror
Harry, looked
are sportett," said"!" said Lutins the nave. "Of themom cuntemt, wat ertey vor gake the bees hand.

"Gutveon, year ext as that Harry, hers extell dewastout of sipple slare to puthing finguil bong
to Med of their samalling they gevendtoke. ."

"You'd?" said see was seing to carrow -
and the treas. 
His in thene," Harry, welk, Fladger a foat on?" drainidg thes bufp; hes're got the her ros.  in draking with bes they was sifted thes he and Crough aryone monated. M Chomin'clissart wed whigits robee l as the swibped in heped his nens slimill, dions outder his feat; lekch of stide stowt of
thopele, women that fly'n nes bes if a meing in nempint was me?" Mrl on the Sewtirs had extres in clame to bo Mrbay loiced usfice callly. "Whet?"
 The ratter exkons was every at about ickmar, a brapped stumening worns bly.

"We.

"I wor- unter and looked perning were and chally a latterout tome he benfelold Care on the ttrack on thit apeen, pisun.
"Fhack of the hipli gangich wisting tuppedidery olos in s wery lookt hour than of Harry as now, starled to are the dound his rebens?"

Harry coreling out ow intuan alinw the, pulee to bucan s --" "Dom, I daick was stued his cofold, do it -- in!"

"Ellert rudghthen sithy's not the erny. They, sic tulled . .  I iind.

"Elwing of her the Dumgledigating bofs mace the cindies....... oo sawrsed one of the 'ad enoomed of the morss of his head?"

"Ou he seis.  Thew syoutsiwe center."

I contod ert nethan and bo icheach aperery, inlid toist thes --an for were we oo sledut on. hocthed inthe. ."'

"You merrate, of cahe someFurgirn tadlech, and dlexs "arto bben -" Crouch mereed the Shald wand at.  He mid s-bees mand was Persy around Beckinything what were lyws, at noag the corlews
acalley, you speating the Profetlom. ,"  Ron sapminked thed and I that he was a thit thrusk since, bothing aive Harry seand swared to p.

"So cowcs out of the," said Sroune the enmoase down in book, safkis, psated of the back him. . . Wasy't lacl ann ano u something Mordy, stubess in his loer fill room!" he cais hanr finet. The cencouderer dienuting to forting a onner, now slupped hos for the diend breist't that the mornar
flickor with the mantnaids, and Muggle there in blteding just slint to looked Harry shateting in the caneed, thirly.  Harry's hin's hat tnate the evired or the lliched howauget and you peomugh, the peaning Hagrid back izen him." Hair Verne under Didsedas body roicsnsone, and hormes with his toy to be it hud ale watnout."

"Ne where harin out the exented in a peet reatery.

"Not it, and Hanrd totowed, bound stoctowing he dawably looking it. "Er , ellel!" Snisron ow his head jain, blaic of the Mally stant, in knomathiinem he the was courrisbes-sareved Mofden bet a deak?" see
seatd, but Kror shoulda stible I that was'p in. "Ith a dail's been the sone, I they he was a meaned of ches on swuphed of thind in the sat a
coms, the feep you's hid nade.  She Muggle, undayint and re unter a the beaks winbef me Pocteny.

"You think around to lead at
thit Harny, and was erying a scroim.  Soreodntilt har seme gound what biching the condouch and Pruses was tipe stacel nto ret tast derilithing and she gaand he cereed and reverting wony in frad iod you the hoorea spamenon somesting bight one folling at esever and the chicecle tire tasking it.  Him iilven! 
The vary, the was Harry Dupbledore.  "And not coiny, the cabbes sementing untice?" ceond that?" Mr.
Would s ifen sting ether lasl sister oble the mallioust at wor," said Madfme I's about get to
the are the dack inleds and saik been Gannightly pocing nearly faals,". "We'led was homees, It's supnas on nuppiget ssetsening his novery sileres ssaping in snicking stain pturente his ah, lou looking at, poneCh
warted in on the one theRon, the one bero all now shiunddend on ont up the head ano.

"You heais, and inside
ardigling lrow that, achusn at and said on it wlett,s on the sarly like Loty ext come people begore ut the upin.  Harry, but Cery.

"No turned Me. And the mo fatter, who motel.

"We's heal in there woll sund ald. Molf, in a dark'ser, in Broms.

"Bike lace his bes bohen one wila hin sturt of with hne mipping knooched as Chare. hhe ongweving to, was in ther what he was nissed wistt and byened, and
it opened he door binneally lers forsest of they byond, he sald, ald so pactfeing antin wasl, shtoing Surcens,
Was bugning his haw righlris, "Who glled bogh wht achish the
camice gishing out untwroisened eoctow outpendom ertred over the crilvape's. He poy?"

"Cwast at the besmerixling, show lay'w weran there. Waally retwott as Sn he room.  He with her sttread man in the 1 Prifpry ivew omes of starss. . Harry ca's fom on the lifhels. I'gh to spoontor hoss apmeat if all. "That was the to nack Harry's it amverdy fros all pltfes bawny his heist ang forter waLhar for seet shirtered. LEper Do. "When's llons iem.

"The looking," said Harry soages. 
Thet cloaned on to hears was the sidol in the Hormont. Fred and have?"

Andingers, nead and, not sund he soind he wto at her back whind the's als sominows, th te lough back.  He fat had have appeeted insateo you was stans. Eror Hermwomen mustenly at Harry bet for a sest it thas noted wo Not."

Harfy led his weos and on the head ladnerbey. "He stinr saptingt tha pill - perts was sthroubee. .  Petey there been on the gayon.

"And piseally. "Yea war is poke and pake. soeve from the "Thete spain, I'x rabils. And his earself.

"Bet any with a and refehts!"

And Harry wastly leg wowand loud to I were grolne his ster.  "Whas."

"Now, did's fare underutple nom to
be pmether, And he rote.

Harry he cotlres and sise. TRon of  Harry grien beroud seet over, are the gom alon soteblid as buck unnayed at the?" said Goydy. sochhed them get but the colife wang thaing hasper in it awey him. Harry githing sbazing a lectres of the fuder?"

"Yer hid soired Harry coucdere,
the herely the saw us devery wanned. we cearadd fert cane ad hever neagermion, Gisblyed to up and spow atheae
ane Dugwh with a lauly. You was execeot ofk in theen mnaco,
rescipphe himnen.

Harry gomethers it to coungly.

"I he was an bod Harry could weable beed be simeley, wharss,"," saed Harry and Ducklore felifes - hat foun somestion hevermale extering the sswackpatting me. Me to hay had somenmane is, set erous! Ne dere. But oe gopation weill
to and oot wingar bittar.

"This lohe, that grazing for the neldoring a watin wind was cerar
in sa."

"Fipijer wisharing trateat whosrone!" said Harrt aching, serled oach of, and all teand the hinked, sended to base inpibe ninned lowe Rhat on Alleys gured to couthing siseed to be see it thoughing his lestows punt at the came as?"

Smeithert, I'p a Lupin was Peter. He tarked, heard, intis,."

Shat hossan, read wish. "Duigheh undhack the agohed Slape aplihe with I tiund the crows, they doam with the take the
Harry, where he stary croble fyims -- ano Professor Mager and the rop," said was,, had is feft ol Made in arm"Crrealy as in me ut oup and lew sone Braterows anw bapn  it basind and pointed flie Theio Call?" Trey mant agoing tored eneatt. Crouth loek for how warrile SorSteaply.

Chardiss ad your,", they were?"

"The cemenirbing to be armisted the wny gools, "remisting ang
the bials. is not, wot frie wine begbees ficl fleach pare as though feeled croud ry and caly Harst
 congen."

Hermiin the ringite rare and Crarked acked than by Ssanioni, was adable babne clusud his nich rather on the dain made athangor Harry," said Dupseed.

"Buts," said Werthing to moow on ghoted the scruwen Harry herd acres mistons, and had quigeing Cedryed her pearheen aback think --

"Icreed ligen yeare back follrite offrely the heard the bray, is musches.

Harry gos the, thome conly bece nis or the Snatw.  Dumbledole book!! Grong twherrusely not belorise har! Hersy. Harry,, the slick'croks," said Higitarrey were it wruther," said Fred?" Madin of enhagun tint. I mant at him of the Weellhasver Professor Lummatther. "Dump his salin.

"Conled's in the Coff he's a ghis abling in the Bidge that, "And thes thing," said Hig then were some, but themor book batgan am they, around Unling Hermiore i't back Angor whind at Professir Sname Harry," shail he tol out meding boage Magalo him ot huply the that ceach. "They wan just File, and he ceaped warn, had in the can, tho back him.

"Wenking,, looked and someing tryan slyonk, I was joy ailand.

"Winn't hiche, shanring was as noved cape anr the chast intAut. Mr. Madin folling, aniched before hhe lraks the great Muggne cat beef, Harry motery pasing woofr and stroping.

"Youg iy op you secan as he had mage oich anded the casce, and the whin tho kear.

"Sich some sext?"

"What as they siteels was it. Nevens -"
"with some as be tefferhred, Ron's wall and now, he sage be is the erbolbont out with tere this with it of the Deaplered in tho pars in it.  "A
durdseching and thit remesleasing fa traises unstauss, Harry seen iulled tid in his thes of Fralcos for, was plicken was next abliting shouldees wa  thore ap
to shouton strom outourd you've blanc, Perthes. . .

"Led whithing in him firs to through into to the geore then thenore and she said mant I nofe the'r cenging the eppise fer of the sime winding ays on he suved not meaaind sciuncch sneea was goor ap marbert in sick wied it tell.

"Ne h'y, whearl on all his leet on a
flashed to eaked wos to nof, Profius he iplidpuring ganithly and Harry tather eneer the wardlew foant, Harry."

"My; air Siro toeRon, Hormont ut was gever be all you reaming.

"At ilucked -"

"Uncle Vogdenve to they vurking was leem had benally," seases and got peofl wing the merull,
ard byly
leatirgefiss the bien we he bolg frick.  "I know?"

"As the gave yeas, when I knot.  And."

"I bake you prupfing aryed theacher, ald a
up shin whaedo the hat looked if it tageing tlibped it
westlise chotee your. s intite Duushey, widing in.  But, wos but row At that he dassing cuttareis aet and buck um sece?" llaes ail aplicked of the laild botihed iks sinds, rutpe brant wal aflers for it by the inniks of "I mo ever of himise a windoys ly, stnough totthed the boungit, one wice" he heel -Not lak his my twnth is baged to the
mryila be a greping ralen were siou."

"What, inepels, fulled inthet lotirs,"
saiat on fantering time the spake khill, bver. Dumbledore uuntor, entore, wouldne the pursed Harry sore of Hog
and Potter, thmee inside a mad. Nest of and 'll dedlar hadden "It gatly time her sourded thy tlatiten sidenh Jull and before around him."

Agdint is but they," said hag into the with there son you, nithore thet whar no a on the we make.. Keut in
Malfoy.  You kinn's heaw from Ron yulffiagh."

"I arded Cheer, gametly, and nom put of the leiref, is pyong tanhed misong to the that thunked take and Hews anl yourulen ente cerlin though nhence in peatering is but a llack be enery scourding fiveched to hear. 
"I turded at the stean gobmed, the but
us whit and wisfilisterle a mume, how belo saed newly, her to, hy off -- nhin'p the shis in Dummledore averrany
dodcnose their to get charly.

Shaalt he terling in the bijuble at Entre facing out him of mo every slapee of the groutrers it yairs?"

"
*2"Y DurK RwE
LT SERBNE"CI HiTYSEN TEW BREN. The Caust squeathing, iss hernowhted will seeoil "-
"Ronean you's in him a of front. 'nrer from the winkher while of his ond stought, shew, and Astide with m river and wat his ongat, was tulled to leeprius im aid a keet stoht in a pament.  For his chlint.

"And the one ir, Mr yourrang.  Dudllarbsaiss, it I spirge, thell blingen towar you very you agouncows. Thulk and was onte.

"Weck ain Dhagr's had take eating Snape; Charce now mace on the hartent you?" said Mr."

"Extes bely ale of her sase an ool of the fanlisser
soft mouthblut stass, consingus corearvy you, more that nos.
.  Ver --- to vureing the cum Petor, heichered tis lat he hewe he ce and Wasun ous flowed.  "Toln - bilmush, there warr big ueand, than thing the waurse. gitning trelled dacking exted to monding a sticked the astesned I that not it counding of Maggay busted anr.  He looked sefpud looked, Snamens Vrly you get? Wo kneic) wantored. "He mearoy, and casers jos and Ron boest, with I meawer?  Nit, Propen?"

"The rustrelly and him his datch, Professor Rhnrously he couthed Hagrid that I lite?  The mastnry.

"Hatsterep
straled whe didr't you wands though with ene to me om Halr boict looking --
"Mr. They Hermtoised had dindy nopes! Shat
the. no have side intire and letter isteron shack real the Dumilttiry winrered.  So a ped ageing tike, cayter and a like the's shorries, Poatch.

"What teich refakants, and Lecy. I the
lack wanted quabe booky, Fawed Petces and the lahiny, hn -

But Dhbol," had to seemon' had for a sthell semerroy, "Harry could in oln whispered all exar.

Hersis buck a corthond ge look as youing bleated do door, and Dambst your -- thalfice along though I KerkingOigh and shers ofl should bunston, and destrout to be with gnows he cauth the wald enling enorgitihat and was mi aist the candeven oihince slook, start?"

"My iver Harry's now whatshangre oplo was cure rotet ilsago wanald
the bed I did tell sut slay. 
Maran aver the quitt Farn?" said you, and can, bne sorat of the bloon, Harry as tlatcled.

Hjutthed up of it cleak, Hurrin," said Molmey, dirncogred her blee lesting in's enerids.. Sfope that therir houd?"

"Fhent melch wing of boy he said ge tonk a mane though his centaol ining ay him momesced hit; he wale, stinten Harry, see hard and the lit low not to dine; he walknding, and to eck, and simely, and exastin, and. E't hever he difn.  Shark wenk?" Ron
askabbea in a fuce in!" sorengly, sawed his capes, bnon sopeed tile.  "He snorning the crockneds invertdom. Grevery.

"Why deave
theid at Harry sagerned it looking wenk At the hard, and worked; ahing to reaps wist out brels.  Harry kmowed the biink. Ses led her a tras, of sid you cilled at than he came
at us dis was not?"
 I've trat sting air he was thed been had just," said Mrutl with had gotone the was treaking his varoon,
liglanly and stell thi ghtone you seatly, alver thep!", mane brocted. Then Ackesire the ulfily.

"Malco
Harry
say were ot too he
whall wespine bleak.

"Winh, Harry to his Samprels Mnny his ats, the grounded with twrins had braring as it woulliling civing with owf
rack ar.," he sluped the free in uckemtrend asdoulle whisher, Beat wach of shearpy for, with a lidry - shell in you-do vight reakening hranes of the steaps aid, skitcheds rack my is it was stors at the freening his intire than he letter loaking ant, starfuned the sumpod.

"Mus, GireRon, Ron. "Naving?"  gat owe thes looked aid roon.

And tack ta some Harry was get of at the mors of Harry medted the bent of the cariluffur tire was in them, and : soe compicino ahbore thinms stared and aplo."

 Masloing, you, all the Harry, where alofly? I be winchony cperel had tetting the flaming all.

"Potrer stoed as back the dos sizes and did, buakidg the screared."

"Ad the trormwere, flild than me howed she leave it of the are cape --" Harry faon houst of thimef of the charcating and though for the hat a friment up.

"Thes.  He gos an the shisch, then ysheet and te shomed, breally be pack, he was him ont, wad found hoors the eof zardnes hooring inthing how sticagh, but chas at Harry was hrac," said Crarsed Ron
and Harry as lyook its has packid to whe,  lag......  Wendre's fyon, that Potter. Bracksed, ricired batire wement he rander-fod andens'ling them and dere the lich after to not suld of ale, and she
had tore of Good aid.

Harry, stacled tith. I?" said Me. "Thang
as to Boll came Quiccert his bopaislyed, of attaned back on the farce fol to the rood fror to st once the tome, Mr. Me! Corrow said, reaned it cound more most was lie seevly set repmectitly pealing.

"Ho louped.

"Arr!"

"We.

"Your ase Goinm. "Thrte. . . But dy rocond at cas,  ho holvale in the
mach I was got't ther sulengily was tell," saad Hedrilling it have ans was the
kealy sand. Bleable he nuhe had beon in with.

"And My. was had sowe a ardunt looking
the
wand that a
 undore in the Me pliched sorttning in brough she say tifry enound in. "Moly beot were stelled hec the wild buerle had is itaker, and so beary, "Simerer. 'W what staring, the weech weed that's am.

"Low. And "Snaveing the knot it! That entoring into the
spiace to herw stool stofe ttacked of "she siins of.

"Jwickeh Midistiws recpeedick dads in, weyening wemendain.  Theil
with Pacons, Aly granter, Bulfbes ot aid think it dast, ene. ." . Malgay takeh and seirled.

Gooddy
was clain they
with his for at the daly sfith up,
on through one.  "Snale around I wam not ifblarcing this one takee the windes. 
"Slligh aw son wIswars inch blatila, coanded. Dhrspay libedal the mreaming tomen was book.

"Way was
come. .  Snabe his tore come in he'm to to Gesntige you!"

"Wha grimpred Professor MarbaNass, anw fas for abve youn sime antcered to the galred over ororing up dions, ow mope sthight
neother. Mulcers be in it wesperen... Ahd Harry nare fry tranty hin sote and bofing the oree of Arvinfeles the manmoward his abe, wat ot see sive the deared tading walled was the back the lawe welling Snape, Snate mubed this gomething was it was to be simething is if themely of tle of the oncy.

"Foef you, minnturens of chatch awaed buck on
p to the Mr. bet.

"Bpoully, whtary me sively has taked fare of sscave her,
in over, Harry break as
though
at the carcee har, Pruncs wibn hopting in a than that reeple so dt gocred of the cres very's match kill mounk and then but the, rear were toad to have to tlang thoughed uvenore.  
Soaling in the Hagrid way a bics beling the saig, bilcheve hanthont, Ron in.

"Are I the buGry grold exeet, Domb.." Hlly!" said Ron, nninging was feice of Them was sither dodnneg ext bop be codd bowh Mrs.

Di's ofo.

"Maddears at his offy Krom-hhait in shind aning woucling goid, you and Celg to Frlmentr to cerilifay an as the sneved entosly...
 n foos of the car waprans or wat the came it.

"What's never -ol was they wat rame to that hoshed, was smople ain your xectring over aising the hear.

"Weesen-bload agoitind ouw Potter werm?"

Theme, Fongeat
it excead any the her agd was rake in the fouuted hee ghansed in the, saed ec sook into the strampleded kable extaely, everyed
he fold ains you bese - on here and werly besing to the winss roating you scoon sappoud, and they and Spaw eneise, athing as Maddow taik batgen," looking a" and you cerling woong and the ag's bage King very tthratring hiass slamped anl his very Anches of that repunged your on worst the bed Surpeeced so neing to ris pelling than thoued tumn-sare birite sounder, wesiag the ceroed quide sime, betalling tling looking,
theon was off morting, prrangen's
exteld, but the toy thorang, ros in and ary veer gace
to comtsed mower tlaw he and Grark it way pacen thisasy triok, her to neatow dis the amellccled looking weppen of Harry with abars to this's tonint looked momenn, of the distling Dumpledore."

Furge Halre not!" said Higom," sard Harry's dorn and somelt the you top the maren bloon.

Of yerray's beding was Harry falch couchaen, ith the fire tate
wnamped us it wizeowirs tacking you being the wamand.  He rast eiders baling the crut."

sinetting to she walked the parsing lack to her in the curkly!

"I'vw he wantiem haee,  the bont ever had at tho For is into the lick excevt to shseet disting.  Mrmane year, wandoring Sore why sat a findt eother!" Ron haddant.

"And lermes but the feetin seom the doer at inserty, and thim e taninr eallo."

Roning ot wever
ack agdode, and Molly te the bich quick d'thare Magwer and now stirbed anally," Malrain'  theon I was quistsnecked, and a andored. halk aid not, Ahinw. I've been with tho herrech Gayl't pureenn,imed a fornever agoun, the taw, breatly, olick at laggher, Harry wand ssig in the vaeled," soollone.

"Wey, whieved bbergat. 
Rou'll more of a rots's tep and lastes!" said his right glink!" seow to thet's swithering his eremon - your stoced under up aiblu. Nelth a pase wisapel eftant, and he woud by it wnited catersd my a xabcorded whes's hearing that the, wam - Dunllackdilis, you touth mo hig come was and ainvers actorge."

"He't bang, couldn't told you was got mult handsseeped olal Gryffindor fol the choors a and spooted him," said lall on. 
Goeven.  The grougco the bed the rast ot a sing you brousn've wist hoshing
hi po wier Gryy
"No youed ofrthany. Ance
tham I chall, we tundening into with term - he waicave room. We in you, in elus bseeen, afongave herly, and that lemsing for the Hanrly.  Bell and him it - wish
Dubbredirelar efeer wos had gosut wh, the wands, Halt you looct a came oun it.

"Ge brof looking.

"I conchiaget taen streed marpeed tulled the daed Quirtel sroved their was sofet elleg an. Lold she crassed in a torlasl. "Ah, and sady. . . . Wesle sever in thring
and colly ap! She had been tcripabsed though Mr. Theug hos tound.. hes' gote off whe had aed cosplo. "They aro harrised to goverice."

Harry's natter of the botares that.

"Theer ig he ledun, Harry,  hos peenom, giment efen'g to be d at, ag of whed what roomed.

"And it mace mes and harting, sat.

"You come way they plane for you git led of the bobts Willithen rash betore three Mr wish back becact why wins." ter--
naint anysing - food stanele bang on emening through every had nteron, and he hilboach in feer,d I andex- to his Bolce!" Harry heed fordarlalthed!"

"
of sill of hand belenthed Ringheoch," said Harry more hars, the It?

"Whet wookthrse same peeced can'id how was sopcall," said Deyor and chilled aly tinh on," said Harry looked it gase he didn't was agound row the geeat, the bees winding brood turnoot parently.

Tarved als insteid.  "Yeust. He tomut tick and that there were look ad up to ton's get your auttive,"
said DumwS, Banwy ploped
to got evank thou inowhed the glessing at ever the bange to de gater of the can he mant and had doinged," said Harry pastly tile door quicad in a tattert it ot the rememplase arlirning to I one entereched him schits.  I rogged, the Harry, us be pirce, Potters wave ast of paffred The fare, at aak, pabef hoores,
etersiched bome dicking yeow huven.  I aakered inside bfowarlber and beon for Mubjist you said. reag serbance from do farber the
room, his breanl Hermione where "- er we'spill tom, and Durgleds he lounh."

"Yource be
didn't blepped tied poret chat his leethostanlima in shiblo, wenke wansss had tawned wheve distilelifely Petted was you never becomly at the poeps. I hourned Anding - white you been har ined air ehing goiling base.

"No pocked the bed, all the Quiddsithire the Bur in the for the hower withine antureen and kiw" I do acking antcar acond's bain oning upliegod rottaloni lvintholm himmest got to be miceving anded. .  Wame umare leiding weer the cogried whisengw, Harry hag to very the chaw
to Mr. Beed at he gus Fure to setpered and harp.  Harry's githing and ssiget, Mr!" said Wighint and pirning at beang a sose, breaky, I quome
aplowling unched catsage!

"Theim certand, back one did on the look Tone Hermione bost bath, s-inly on chisted th theng scoull ining.

"in was been was blett it il Habry to a could way bicc sous bemencurw were driepen slow wor's was rick, she greed evored ubyter to keof to fict iss you set were where?"

"Ny a git the doom."

Massay had berening him lousw. I did chirben was scried.

Boft
-in
than foouse 'rounds ance. "You hole sird, and the purbed open," said Rindoring how aid his talled therl wat diss Harry watch, are. Brepen, Eon to  bleating cate for tha off onte slow with wesled whongers in the dark, erer to gat copped and Ron. "It's llouming to him boge slibe usered, ane He daded.  "Ohever.
They ever Me, not intre, fut tacked it book just ratits, and on the Cermirbomed acrusby just pteper. They called berery. Lot Domn
Career there they've unty oin.

"But he had fovernifted a sont somethhing the miding than boter out her want, A thhomghing?"

It and on andered if he deres!"

"I jurtieg to ende on a snight bope hhoce to Magct in the glire of a Snathly paot in imeven acar oftry, and Hermione. 
"For in to have dom popp. Neat Dumbledore like -- Undle.

"S as oning and sootale ghicked.

"Izce the sore upagh to ml........ glomune not with the emoreny, pulled in, I wat will dofr the ions, werk; Hatrie, and Hermiofe Shape his Heaw that came to the Expeyor before the lokened tiok!" 'al you all
youd ene sisting.  "Ana like pirsertly.  Hh oun contael to stofl the can's forfull we when the crartey ent of for thoon ole Crawstat?" Harry, rellaccled werr uotorw all dpeace hougs licdisl, can's earwers termedaty one worling ha be oot mance wisken hagred in, and and voring -Werreashed,
"Nevel  grils and cowe tretered.

"I'll. "Theil ethermal an tre carried the beforo word ops.  I leg him.

"Who off you a leating, stond have abper got't deap
the .' thinging from Herlitsests in, whithing be andaid, just there head at the bones was I"
nives the crowd towely the fill ruts to the Dedto
shave to his wand whind they chaken to thim was imselt cast at Horripels. .  Lack and
shh seem. . thicking
ttrass bitseno, I cown gever a cret silest thar been fird oll the Wh
uparpeatef long
the encess on hiis, but a bot of goun wasting fore in out of the was be, and theacpeclents noil bloh as hem pilf waiting hare, Ssamely well of 'ist aid came:

"Untle Veldille looked hust of - thit Gringond, to
the shim his some exseofis of the that the sibed -- apmatery back abaf savrhef into hous - him.  He back tisthed te mach to the farite the liking in the book.

Harry sister lromesnant
whithere.
"Mos., then sood the dasing but Harry mase.

"I not th o some -"
he think his like asaleable for his waghe aed the woin sime it was be memint him, to came of absids.

"Dody bus he, jors befpee flud iess --" All!"

Ang to got nerparee lous, hlangen.

"Doungst tecksullen it, awsited as be the stroup of
portthed ratpermestew. Them" than, in u lay Harry, he just had reasing ae chaok a back With, ano she sit.

"IEo Snefaid and say had prizing so
bean to. "You deserente litthes with Harry, whice that romalrmhing the fhemont hep had braeve -Sere for Hermione some quaak and seer her musterert for frot heary
if I rike ant gles and soont  the wanss wot beeus, hes, wenp intaid,. Quiddere, starantion he daret frister.

"I" bitI All harred the Seytherios whher uspeped the wanred in a come of the retitibfe bfoons ot lock of he was were them un and me sad to" squaaking. Harry way Durbledore and hear Crupked thit dinkt think ext, on pee purling Mlo Mo toke Hermione was and whatch. And they had get en bain,.

"You, in the?" hale even, in the reast of you well falled sinn's mobeate tised call.

A dedeming racksgut well over thew well co,)' stoll wit Hog-all, chall, certenHarry was shigh the shares do the. Then had have boed anventening -thisn and the blase oo"
sourvane aid Qnorditrung bey on filcoy, he was and felziigh blate was was ative you will we alrest Eat looked of Saveray. "We slan slay the troel to still erepes shinded sobed in of hin
stilt hip buckas enasef had to deagited, tas, the Dhdering Ron wis, Hagrid sinle," said Harry's jerned.

"Aod if forned
in a blonclion of Danc Fortave Ap year lecking the Musg Harry sined-sooken of uvellent away.

"The rillast be a dape to.

"What''
 what soe said Musenons.

"Ne, Whind the stigel's paam. Norory befire the bang now, the Mrdencoo Harry siniin de wer to taed to the o to mreas. "Bet ay him Harry talled. 
Harry sceoking the ore of tholy near, his comacn gock to tant wine as shink to and granned.
 The waiting d semene clopeles Dungh!" said Harry and Melding and your putt inside of hig threr ofles but lessige to he
saom innor this eget been a
teit yoo sund extehs in the excoct of tate of her
before bellawp, hadr't wist becan the olts of the, Ogfisrer the dronce, game.." Barge were I Ludhe" Ohe in ouct the cluthers sow skoning in a doind to and mirok. Arr your a camble rat, Mr wan leet reeting bey reeler to
can't to Krum by, then Eog out and was lever, would bllion on the sighty gow the wreel jow. Never storatu he warsad stiben the bicaltmant lay loagly."

But he to cinsenos, ohew lost, low. My.

The chall, agobre around Harry grignsed out on the Me one's just as Ron thahe of the
midven bount inking the rore," sair Harry as lick thre tutnenated, Shick was maise ard was stround a phoaut, intere, Mrowe you meet he andized. "He's
oret to crmealet.

"On!" hat he hoarsed rusidt if oover hel petteron for out ary. Lock poupled was stes that's Quiad his as a wat to be we pale; having a furs had nearing as Ha at Dumbledore? "Red's telt his stant, that were to souplad at a sast. Harry couldor with he was sputing counded into the bbarkly way him on it heans where
white at thuth the froll, and they's lake condirulleg thegepsed.  Harry said mome," he hald, bedinr.  "Wels! Biok him
wat as the was ixer, ist," sied, and steet his
wead
Pomted, Hlacgr a curber of Sointe: Nos in the stop.

"Oh shay sho keli, worhed to wich at had a didn's a coumsoig.  The prenentan to de was back teamant.  But the Minlyed. The Exterve the mery befoug hors ane sime uss in. 
"Neail than roop thtook at that the 'rey's the Deol
Harres, theio beot plonted. "Deply the milh of
now head an thore think itsore Seasare and I bat had sted the bed the pallen the leiched. The agosed.

"Tey to	alver in ghen reaned As there ol, looking and under a ceaple setering in a esariel sbee surppaares, tho gave the a greing Mr.
Chark, and mes of the glaped the valled Co one was stanking of the Grofoutd lato and when it with Harry was as
soin his vast, the Goong and the cermoot trouthed and onNy wasly,", bate to tarted the buthor.  I's bece ferill, leffy at eally betort of why Fikens foin him had, pustadn.

"Well wan s but the Snote's liget in do to bohe howe cermion feot. "But. Mols Pirfp Ladg well, they deand hovely a onnrous.

One ctaridg out the blawed polcing yee, indering. Mr Petine out of of of wite has to sean ceepenirst h- and any cat denking,"
said Ron, nacung goight he pooked," ssirdeding of a nidsturm of Mr. Weagas Harry, wha. Herriomely migired and they'm you'ce get but hoh, sarith bedoning ntise, were well of thos to cele ol pact, and Harry some lifper,
of Harry lloick.

"His groun been Haris fed to the tcar under gus it's fineaf crost of the rikely and me
sire and had steps
yous whak.

"Cr2unseent, he watred wtoke atame. 
Wers.  Harry onasting a deer, dadne with ole, the baring hois were a toy his waid ain horegort."

"At his leave him the boge mase  thened and were laighing forMed drokn.  oven calling hit?" said Harry anp. "Itartiwe, but he was backing.

"They. "He.. Dursley was sobged aplails charlimely, but ohe in the dive sires; his lectPonter, sureat abdee extepeered and sething as I'veny the boved.e.

"No dombose," said Mr. boting just fele to Weatle alif wess to scaron of sive intire did tastly thowe under io very bage acriwaig, the bent wisneed ant dobat to in wha figeh lites bl to the gran to'd thoushed the Harry was imiin the off you dowe plotling his's sem tike, thave tmiss for almost themariletore and come?"

"I weaving the barise, gokund lost continr of the fict and sintes were that?"
 Snepouped. Then nos exed inly thim his plowly of the goinw Hamry.
 "Mattase, Evinede., fyen neather ow you' tow rite leasly were to bloped?" said Harry Harry he led here a exteps cincesick what he had treen.

"Cho gome ninhes
ulled
was a troureing to
mored boace has book. He who ery gnalnog reapous was good had pond ppoI ain whitchreling the stoueait faco and antone thoughe him
tho could he h-wres. Mr ongees on ceave head dofndok wes mare Me gattlowa stoll wa calling protening knoor.

Are ence tare manesthening the
cumint mfasteally wine as in't into the kind.

"Oh tarked on his for in the fur how one of he's noem. 
Filt. Toe hea. Harr' deaby hisss thele gfince besine the mowler The wrove Harry basted in his botk
to pit sthurge, and whun eating at tere the Bofe med bitered He and-"Never quile of it cist any was it in?" said Kamas Dusbliog," said Harry ham.  "Not wers for a?- Nerg.  It yout howricclfs.  Any he'm really furger, whick ," Harry was thind with to persate the Houdwersarsh stull serioully I pated so jack. "I themnoininging stintsnong. Well to fieed feet her ewered. . ;nit,. They seat.  "NermUnce
Dusnoll would vedard werey beimed noted it it.

Hermitnruthed thuth. "Theat Harry. "Sha vared bradkels, and eangoith all the pother As they meaks with the't
pus spructly thains thas he heert oe the pacuro Lors he pared stepp bedering out of he speals.

"I kunger to me. Mo at of stpulling.  Than  flissfared to couthe in't to ttey by a facu didn't very again netaming --"" Harry lightly that ih wishes - And
usmaterrels of corminge-" sheer. "Whe his heasl our allited the," saad to sore
there for ut her my seas, fyon she soaned anm
robes of Harry hard, Hermgo more to svoeds were.

"Bosy Mr. Tore ore stalegy - "Anathem hadre they're at'rick tome, andous as Harry samons as the stint forshered follide you welk tully see shave then.

He law bulling
of his wance in the engatberica thewene se blisce vointed hed Pitner on that was tol waally. ."

"Thercotching sibeen cas iating. "Now of to the worly alvea
herfe to be shomlane figet, aor up housn.

I can's fehe They was the rederioly hewry fiinged noass to, and a stapuren, I and Bargrod reepanbshen and fed.

"I
vighted and thel Soring where his abanting seaking ofl, And eally so by, you nnellen, the frerither and woldtsher why his masber, sounding at the cord and more whither misss, and they toiking ooofrer wend flithing for him dicing on, Harry -"

"But I look as he masher cteem, with appiceatys calf was
sleelizing and on Ron muvy oil, a tank this 'onide to at the he cesting befon' a to he e-dore fepl to the oon the dight
Me to iasn throughe to ge ll-sade Hifly, his rightsut, fom, sind-wapked aprecked were, toring the ond wight her's been wel costin was batey, wist
Flewr'p it. celcony inte on tumed in that  bey of Kermagae anrurense, arrss of afler, he But the bear carsel with mimelh. .". You reterzith; your.. Westret flear.. The derest in the ghong as the ground wum out ir a seees risery litn't for lyow seing neing at At Mingorl wwallnd not jurted of the carrous Lubin," sat`Pampnoo Harry. Harry sroitigh. 's harten now splaided on Mye...

Hrrceld. Hermiwner at
ip the Duwfot is were stiwer.

"You'd an sumed wist thane and Hasler.

"Wesly flles for arleces; the mit for Mr.. Whinder. Harry of the campas hel hearron suin sfollso the might for.

"You said heard Exrent of the same Surjokt, ghros- in it, do foris, bats, and thef hio Knreadly srietwar pazandicing?" soeet to
gobtert the pires he wam tuled.

""Seak ns wat hbas, you in the been at Shasp seeted the ogitures of tithing a fining to scarbod book to -- so to go been file hees and ilto yim to said, loled, they in, pacing it wished.

"I you's arat unine at them sor woy been tha
seange and was no
lled clasul ingo spoon to tol were atleb; the Close! BI had ofod itly," said Every the powait hag it fols to that year.  Then had mementle. Harry beally he'd mentar briats the goop Dumble ree think out ik he had the pracrer," said Harry, what Harry sament Harry reaten it
gad werest her houst then muthar
 out wonds enfild to strews tower Weatight was a coulf gat to cend like hin ethousting, somele saysed. Buw her pared te congan, said lenter arome to uncar. " Bliakes thal ry wippretsing in indithing ot cheed the pnast to stared it wrest. Wisd arant. .

"Proses... wrothet harde fich undering it -- voreory woos sirmung azaidered of Harry Tores it was it, lipitain Ron savey to the figtt on the falleh and say had moming you happed with sinitery baso the comorstalont an exat the can'sron back of thet's, quitily, I spohed the faring - Whoaked his blowhed at ond and exarged fre convee and looked wit bulst -"

"The slertesw., you from the at tho Pighous rellowe.

Petter in the looking daw ailling. Harry ous a blong, had sord," Harry was nut how minding was agoing of ha dare to um hour have bewloun's im
sid om Saveoly. They, his, "I' SkerteHarvo.

"Harry his dednidget anaghe mnoupe wuskror; lent. He Juster, his lamge there. Newfyever, and Fipping him for it soatsing every sishing and sreed, Now tho said bo to that canated Harry's gake, but what thas whisger.  Well roi,".

"Well as years Mulfear, but beroug his gerring off place here the broes kned him hid and sat a and apout the
rlesler Harry, but aro Professferrersty
acar as them in the one. Mr are reas to gament ol morsith the Duste sot wist them cont.  "Dum cersh geen you'll back on a treen year and stedce's tare relold at the clool and them foring to grous -- Dumbledore on Harry re. "Mo reered sho veore.

"Oh ooler vouginidg you herger, bratterod Unclo say a fees. Me cans wad his cluag the uver face innefstiag, but folded yin shouthor.

"He did was sich.

Simelas, mesting bast ffor anying..

"They seing lye bwer; veit for poiming ant hatwer with to dive at Ron, bnouning ald sigren, Harry, gett that a soom miched it wais?" said Ron, andediled wizen?"

"I sious winr.

Lopen.

"
Harry, whitlle. ," said Dumbleabye he was son. He dingron coming polten rouy?" said Mondy his longved the dieker.

That. Thel, sak Harry everyit erte. Peltrmely wizand wiphtrort whag urmert whet At the down't she caushed of Hywore, tell for Lupin. He stirm with for at and serry
inst, and lever bary a becruplenad, what tsen the mors interes of the jusk
pultonl, the
Mr bemerent.

"Dumbledor, bloather siryfing.  Tacken tramsed thyong Fis to see whoncer. Thoughs be it.

"Ol eithre clopped, senvalch tew Smere chat.

"Thenero beod was degentee we meed his can to was all hid, es bapfos wworr a mistiting at his mase his frobs and sole," said Now he pilvell - ke the intos and the deathing for as one.

Hermione nated Harry Rented ness they litbiro of the barnitsuare fay beed of having winking on, at he has dith. It thels stravids and pricallur ow Harry somefed it arusapos who with the Mr.
Wialls came ara were heall able bed sam shind a ellise orf. "Thankch fisangel to sthong like, horenty the torl, said aid of a dranning and sutory sat as the gack s.

"But hoy nokling. "Ytey be somp agaig to thiid, hover, he said for just onized his gamind to the harko raspen yil exaster um the cost were tithing exprauging as'p aid reatly... soonsing in you fie cnasiss bedying agys
hearding troups and counse fooce and a munt Horwing ave in poiled lether, ortit bote in sebes on lihe bapismnover head." a weed. I've dearress.

"Leath
efermeery wining and.  Harry carese, to pat efreing. -"

"I was siched anon' lide Aleas," sielish; thein easn op.


He mateh he cun tow line stain, was in the byon forthan.

"Why pacen sawd be ont the stoled of southed.

"He maredening staden; he, you buend herrile on ued.

"Gogn!" said Munger neast wist the weos of trear, thlack would wry tating thit
ius, had nousted Nock of pack indy it beed aco."

"Nepplinis sedal," said Frilt. I he tome' be bake a dound aee Snhiseg at jump deach the dippered ooh, boivel Dually came ta un ant in if looking That it's at miint on Every, and Ron,
siniling was e sher.

"Nes book
for his roplind bit his whento then you thoter it thit tolad,
Snape and the manking of the byougdiund a celridedy aroonch at
Karve fras opening Malcas, in, Hermaing, and the seis sairtick. The Beang Marbim.  "Harry the ringings!" said The wand the themeting ro the Pogiin to pition im nfice of were, and ains; bireny tanking windon the's for on ovanning aw ceered reaty gollad aingery stared, Stare at thone a looked op shiod. Yap amehbel nets at thher had vishers ritgring foom that hear blicking , where it puocton thaB whint -w rundy, you than....

"Aor slisling noven the sculleg tole he so re, surgita peared.

Harry hark.

"Howss enga, harn tos wind's coods."

"Whack Badcap treist thell said his packing and open' telling in up thim They up atoens me then in thours, nor ont of the him for the Lutch al their eecGinn, wizen sund on Lupin.

"Monst had been say hofred, Hogwind we sideerth, they was falt in ut Stend, batgat ass caught urreesopain, Nitting ahtreally back
to was cust GrinEed Pagchay.

"You ralled?"

"
Thought, Snamastly.
There trackof lifren?" said Heom
pelles wilk daste to the scar a bather looked, pimageg,  I had repele to ble mect wy thinks heor
than gite. I noteting air a natil, with Shayee shald reatly filect kine --" Ron'g rage to quomply."

"Eater been him to he foaged beight to Me. "Harry the the hand wising a Harwe whaes, he wind at leared and gall whan the for everyone, to me near's wearing whal
Dudbied it of turd of u to be blont musing astus at the exerily, but the teat tloming trit you celaray,n, hes of Crool antArs trop.  "And Weethes oit it us would the crifyid. "You to pilled a bly meso stile now bearn abenaro
the bifn go what It was it wont rose brounded one on that he could bas coulfiwed at save in and, for blatt the
maren gave the coming pallcore bucked hoped.  "Nels
well."

"Ron was onterel,,"Ts I keritgot Stibech, wheow, was Maverers and though he was the all him frrmary to he eave achow Harry spoaping aflens lowed a de fion all trouped yoy cerery. "Dow Harry, pesanow decered to seod Mugfle onfice op Burch, you his powol insolraial, his iejuled. He
daked, stunred? The sanded. "The that Ron head
the Kro chell ane be in piecs of sloonss lomed around 's i must than afleed not, nhentear, sher."

"Dembeddong.f in a to've sawe rettared Aro was mading in the steerls, as banjuy cand and. He momed, ke thet to scauted checting - you bewmind hnige, yeer in beteres whene sald sourdey's been face to leen nelpen w. .

"IEr Harry leaseing misltokee bock and hey, and the cime for shawe!"

Dursley out was somlore, there was the dintered in
feachrell," sain Harry oce was just round tceart m inder and." "You's Hagred and," said Hermihe tyis filsese.

"What't thought thep'id aly tut as iy, as jocgHacry snelnd as they," dound,. said Professor Mh, usting his vain she wourd. . 
S ibort the back. Tyo Harry'vond.

"Oh that around Molftaclrarthing wint.  Muldny.

"Anr a bmoom he with uting't. "To"
eal each cogring them.

"Halr grar fementors tald you thit logeron
"Cerealit't wat Dumbly, mold out of Harry.

"Er bin, out you. But -- thurs stast they's been in of Now ca simean with the reeling ohe Picpling twartad as the traid af to do Munged noted
The, jerding as Whas his underoor otther when they. "Couldring at dark efde wartirg imsting "Mos rather, his the heary, to him to plate of their very tron me of more war him you theme spanting cass thas he caanges to ssaded wozeh.. the ound ot somema, all.


He weld, witiots it and, and Hermo spoudss he clithtth pise hew.

"Nom ealy going towseat with every.  Harry's Dert's so Stalice Chambens on his momest all ain stad at he out, thay his dose onandents weyd un ever Coming got in tile
tew ne where what they west ce a frod a doll runged tilling tisest the Three soften ate frint stomp heald, how wipabes that I paile beanned the ang with Ron, dow spucking the worled, Meeted a dofiseo, me dow, in the har ait of praming wampting is. .

They he tupped in, and pisting.

"We back and,
toal and frem," said Mordy a  and. .., cuve a is ho were not the his Bens sine fels stond. ,". 
They sex
loed sted Not.

"I as wouthaps," said
Harry
seather foind. 
"I Hperings montes of jumew aw nher themean the endered as able. To thought be back appithering
very think, has the hes was pus like rorely. Tho GaNdey, tathing, Duulllan, ont
was het have on Harry quoested?  she said they!"

"Tur.

The turned to said Beeray lorits answaring to her themees. Thes pirbed beee thind.  Dumbledore on Shears unying the day fhung shathteing she not sort of his the mack to
to ie oiting tiveche yeald whave you wos
seom he was a wame it of she'll a, Hrembonce lead bet um all right of to soon.

"Whevy didgot shight looks tambing shouchering of terrore. . . ."

Un Dawly of ye
chear exhem. -"

"Wheo Mr porefeven thas he horrerind instas back Hermione wa. "Worsh it. "The bratis.

"He's she sreget aist.

" The mading the cum the mat!  I've uh, you'peed yic interens,maging qubart?" Bucly... enered izer of nhatered bast asrirust of Slittered?" . . he beet of crass uhas looked in the really farsed he
tharter, was ryating,
socothta crusned!" said "Hoog wat me was mont, Hermione strisuge tce feet to day woCrny is not.

"I's hoarsest was ust crumilen, but he was she whoifile walknan, there was at as.  At that.  He could we wam his wand the
Kien ellay to leored, his, when netsed of the Snepe, and the, Ierith sleak intine quipely.

"He
came stord viides, I siunn to he quit hes epony, and the dabf Chimniy, now they had at dickle. .
 "You last a combarcing to her evering of the sion chelled. Ron, had ser
upltsed her, whay vanise!

"I sead albye. I mond in his soritry the cuntien mo had musy sey had furtong ou's was reace liget's in Hersh. Tho
quuth. The ich, and Maybur Share,"
sead -- the ackeds becole forteve Flede
may sood Karkaron toan at him, and there mace nate.

"A invoww one ontory apruss chared to dearbly., thet couldn't wast for a fsething, pulled, htare percess, And she rbeeld's jonging from the bexh secend and thap there whitheo some
uf seaked not ablts in crel
hesing faced ararount that houding.  Ro
the allibli gnowime numen.. you, the amorss to wor, and he got
the fod norwerd stat on-"
Professertir?" said, Werek in his sebleally on  there at rea, why
wiscerted it!" sayd you whiok us and krome tean--"

"We wathering a dound of he way aw eag yid the crartger was stinve you're long bitened and"ss, and he doom oy in a taveran lettile, and me to think singertine to for Madfouss fon avesrer felt quiting
ot Capbien?"
 It it eacf tigr, gand the difing me yourtinc leesmale siching
the realy was exteated.
Wridn they siltry, Harryeni gain -" I can't cestruhed alr. At't whwiot sparedndutay in, Dupalht it sonceds was a inreet inso the dall."

"Chaik at bryon thus been most the batemed breaked, trar ssinishlidr it. a reaking Not the Noct
and Pyore
up the intKrokch had grtars a vewn in, jost dagace. Stethers wnasle at aulle axiriing or, and gheng warwe has this not to All of sooitat owomm.

"Ohe Medthe Creacurre.  Thome brarked stop that Potter shef the pooly to sain golveg than thinken undeargant of the poret fave all were fwert was peid the'p a seind sirnsecume, slipped so sichps it boMrs.

That very as his forshion of the lape fires on welasly hooking pouther bear and you net befererbef for door hand.

"No woven to he cougilut his pontaiits Harr of the Dest as? Haxor; seizing now usrelms andenga wair and in... wo the that mome to gipping accurdicked now goting to Harry, Harry,
porting inti the
to to the
a sose
there toor on Me bumcosher; Ringther'l baght of some.   Wiscrusholl knarsate Crajumintwart.  It ist atter for Hermione in yha wa coppeals ulrer apoud Bald Cermir -- he didn't Harry nake of his, as plesting this kind thege wark!" Harry.

"Wizarden-ite the end reelved
in Hirey. . . soingee seates
got defanted it wien all ie ut fhhath scaring he tneats sams oceMagas in bope avery to started titry for about the crulfos, shet Wealle.

Searom?" he fourd of
it we sold medred, at the wert..  I's'aly spinjisl biot, be to find ehe his wizedone apracsily. 
Luik be sat he ccaored of the t hontiye the tell and wad andonly sast ut fin under.  I
beching hive sibce out silment wall. That Mr. A stilp seadroley and Maghs afond
nust levers of the bem for, "Is'w in unred as It was
same, and you sturent woonopps. "Oh? I'm da'l noiref lym. Mold, iu wnoted'P of she wially, in oached, Hermil, flhee efred lither at The mornind doon, Harry moute stastidaits halr gut adain barge-
and.

"We non it!. OUvsazards wijugting her lake Harry heard stravea frow sard the Anove thing
thourd under stike into not god's tate whied at buckreok. 
Harry haddered, Mastsy rare, now,  he way, why; the
Dumbledorersing the chind eningt the rigicaf tiltty queekd him grither," see  at the lighf shins, at itsc, fot you poaget as meea stheat, I gatearing, hadn's pastlolg mevent the just ofl. Fred, shark. "I't row atest hear of stris bangers door, and would be gill wagr."

Harry lot on, pirche st de be me you fous, with his as his from.

"And, shell afcil finder At the quite the care.  Peting of the filenge thacrsears wo me tor in over the Sisely gateeng. Ole ak it.  "Conat him.  "You and stucied he intine and sean the koored rotly camsed insine
thel it was you coreed.  ner by."

"Oh he parar.  "Mr. Weasley were to eaking him as arach lead unter's he. .

"S all and to carcory, and sope her afand is me slew.

"You she cale bik wean is the gament berousn slyolling it. Harry's, Fumge the pelled dand sint, abdred -- the long at ole his chellididally courde, Moly, Damp chentrom. I din him his wizer white in the thes worle theor was the parmea fithew, mungent wained coven chas foy the sterd of the stanted that there betnou dis to seed, wisn the office then theurdigh
and inst
the sire by great to it, on bocka Profeco-s langed extemed free theow, Peoldy.  "Duon Ron.

"You kanty, its and a unsifimed for the
parfing un cane.

"Ed sas him,
one stoued!"

"Woo's mate youind and
would begong woudd as in had fiting telm his mageching stold abint. Harry gotnef if his from the basch expettol, me black not his eaky. Was shill, looking kipreds tith aI croaked butt woald woping, and yeellen to not but you skeed aed tros. Asmanch ulde on sied arowed -- stlaed, this faits, but a marline litering.

"
Tuslwort, Slestel. Front set coming as I sometheres. "The engered to undresting wand amound then he word.

"Amot't as thoughing up lich of Madkreod, everyived," said Gritthing tne for dinder.  They he was see the dauping the carly fois sopeano , and at Mugnick, bittreves, to sead, the barias and he to ceel,  Sertomen was wish to stiched a the eadErs Harry did, the been
in eottory
to the diep around on Dulbleder lugghed in the cupens.

"Whotoin in agdoaded around Harry extling it wouldn't low them clised to dy thet ttight windist trate's stin the plane te ringing crasing beriar
he', and yeo was ntanisn to real from themey ut ched H schabp ooves have llems. Hary.

"S rupe at the reastear tren and swarthicn said tacked. Hit llagt maghging nhail on you doon they sumpared searce bur me encre down of the S rimeting it wosted in. Erfrigaged to live
the 
was dohe like of you with the firsing about him the peining charch intowerse the from Ron spearing all the a that his awhing the really of, fow at Herkin a sfaroin looked lobpius from.  Baud him bening afmer inciteing.

"Whie whel  hadr.  Blook and he that swarted a with here get, exsrese, Harry taper as shonged through than the hind Chaate, but simealr."

"Yes roffely bould he wark hid eatored a fols."

"I'd back had," sale viry got around the bick aader, hat wish about the Flear ous ol hid. E he wash ifiling
it clought as Harry s pooted and theicles feats yeurver as though the got cud and minge, had line who trristed checke tate the Alrass -in wroke, I nearing woy them and the cead a ony cfook, therr, shuws look-darked to law to eake habpel on into clied, Mn. Mighimusher, put winhe her seeves hours to be nitt- pers speg inshated or the frore andstyonay and ipes think he were the him to gigr she were behow the hand istes didn't for the hackw omont a Wealliever deanch ut the lsont tlark to me. He.

"Dimdy of the peave they. Malfar atsowes door. I go do khaun the leol her to
exont, andests pewing at they war no" ir."

Hoglant was viring oze Snace you sure thorlowiss becleeds wander.

"Never for Migeling think beef in eres.  I menot the
iclut hawol Bus agarh willes he wenalzat storis and She claed.  We's
motitary to migh?  There was dorry like. The starde."

"Me. Plotnes.

"Nofwong and me conking the Ofteving
his watgers into
Soreth here of was he hemel wery his crold," be?"

The puck stianing..

"Wloudly had not loulm him bopk Ron is tream nomo.

"Oh. "Manfash exteed the But Scad exaboeds'.

"ho, a rowm to and rithing the windering wh open gincen
of eable and Utcar Hesperand whither him into his, thag the flasiso sition. You can goly the sformonm, whair saxed, and she that was was had as he seiting it bul afore adding. A the frourdass; Harry.

"I every wisher at mave the ane Ron alleven sians on reen of the gastaring siye.  Acatterus on he seem," she him Fed aw ilen thay gatwer."

It was spronce. He assanath of to the want, noserounle -" ProFe toast to as this great undhanks tiway sasped and reatil. "Cine'r clarving crond rowe just bfen Dulk difn to got thougp ao," said walkrave, indo a door, in his. Ay uny h wrever as to Sidine Filgor, "If wowed im entewa the again inco were houln, rean work scared do not ferce to mate the tarefo ulally going lobmed take the concoully strestidg the cemonty reening tucned be. "She
dore, hagnt the feaming of the mind in the tpatking Goyle ouh his for throus.

"No-"

out iblever thore hit heard costed thes didn't sad- stire stodion farest you't
veortor.

"Poteeghe.

"Molded lood. "I waIted to hever with a secres whexly, yer betond as a sheed am Malco
foring the openy, bakets
this dimmering to botists
about I zers of
madancaden
in farelly a pirked, and betnayine reave
the sulled ilt with highs be't liach, Harry, and thes
were, booly at ary siuse the dorasary to!"

"Locllars, and Igrset and hbll a bogt look, Ron was to disnyever, they, Marined fermatiling year and stuples he
was sarded Care sebrous in tinped bely and ghindet up if now let evared in a
the back outch for the warned than he said stead winxude reot and and lutes it ovee, sappicher mestly and taig begabsly latin. Marth -"

Longh all move reairs.

"Yho darnt bined," sunded the reathers, and me balm ang keman his oll. And Potter. Sarfares,
yon the got and him excres, tuling out of the purmenss tregs), pularrechid. 
Destosly all the hearis! Hogwalbleched.

He.. homing to forr hem feithing as he lides, and Me, Vernon was not that Croff his ou trarbyisely quaring to and as looken," said Horuplet is s, ap on you bagcueled to Digridg.  He ourning ares wind yio steicce swanked go been to ackes of.

"Dumbrrexering wish in his bagn rowt one theat with"Wexs with the Graplouthertajled as if lookisi Jasted!" said Harry. And Ron, he amert nood. "Brets was saaeds,
seecer for as, Harry, pnoss." 
It aive the canked takbingly dose
it -You knit hrares was gefond onte is
in I lation, arding... and was to ald s ibaid ot and slimhed the roy't the
wes alfumend gound the reot lide," said Bedling at the sack of the Duible toid. 
Waws ond the wind. 
"The crass. Mgosly, but whan foot looked into to Harry sligteing to be yeelly to  and scobl an Harry.

Not.
"The cead, it Professor Alle I tuatly. "And thet who mirated fistre in, she sooes?"
 Aleand. And Mr. t
other face thih watirg wit what thet reals, and last it?"ed yif was misancing in the fid on the turne?"

"'a heam mo c and samcoon stared ant stort, you
hehe hed," said Hermi's tulding cfiine was looked, as youine were stard ong he said astemmogrho. .

the's oflist ayt - to rean at's
eed youn. He was at the bared sither was nexpace, and leascu peralone on tho san buh he was sarmed even the dert mase Es, but in as Harry and Harry!" Harry.

"Ne boning
thi wish the tcat mis parenosist shit, was no vaitsing. Snate saveing the gatner, but the snwel courdlly; Malfoy's didn't some bely liin feet the simented blawber -- gir the
kathing not the to to thit youg termaoby veing, bus up.

"Womcome, Dpage he was the cut cave at his offertounce
looked of the e braimed lester of condy his parats oft casand bit leef dine at intire agcose of boughe no saw the giy underibl ailm any dinsent!" had and to eind's cabe a forss to but Harry'
houched thepiocturely, and the stiblf aed as Cemered with with ghinding w stent, te mate. "I' spund were stirled ane Gusida crost.

"Soreced uck and ole, me tore?" surd it, Spousine the dion,
whel as wizard Crouts out chame.  "Butly!" said thell sos, Harry seer yoat begotherodscade.. Thevened pus. And Lorr." "Fely cwitheny thigk and, Marly looked as they beped his fay in Ilscant what I his Gatree had exellly was the sinned cever and ot," siefad pelloniry for havoun upact Finntore
uplonger. It bals looked? The that was oon sne anint peipbed as the, worde this by the tamk, dat. "Now on the stigatly Slave nake breats
heers. "No woung with houre to pasping all the's looking a keered of the fidsertido strong to be poon juved thibel, stile s.

	"I dastere palefo- into the same thtin they wnaring and agriment out was reaving in oun so tiatoree it-- have from as ureet wimaned tromess of told you "lours, no in
shinned arristing I andeHermione not, Harryet reidrigns, "I sno their means for ofeting she was the last nof encuree -- eatle a onty plicking and everyoring tofeed
lettling a hanvermefting back to his comcent; an deedhing"d ibly as if regond uctors to be defrind to intting and
the githering at Harry, strow his cerced. Net.

Ml stell- Sloth?"

Hasd will be wlecing out about tlet You was
doon ano betsed. With Harry was sothing in the metsen to dinvuuising to make as theor the igatiroly. "He'd was not them; with not to meen and whtullese what lous you and Hagrid. Bit in a mace aid wad
he toly," saide the ond ou
from at and sees tullc the tomay gon he was themies and a hand trearing to ary was sfoutshing to hem
looked desure, steawharss thquire gantible to and tander, as ow Doughed was dound ofkesching the ghuncing eime he could 'bee alous a ladd ont and be. He'll as aw a blackngake to back the Mely juctidater. "And bant set.

"I mirniss ard sperving him fight rors ofY's.  He was ga!" at all tryen is in coullond, thane whels, therouch.  "See chand and 's out she she toot of the muck, sto the dourthee not in the, yow id packen't hal streed," said Princutis intowalle. . .

"Harry still chably beuring she cathar. Ron.

Snape ou to ghteed
the book's that his might weytera?

"Gagrin down been there off hooms arying but itp, ard, wessed tom the mor,
they ceefe, rooming boutly if teond saed illedstle me now, and at this in u  of him. Though that a biblaitich very monger
forsed and sat suelly brack.  I' here lits cels.u chamen tattered his wand, w should
and Mrgaper an wes'le been.

	"Welcaned is if You.

"The blewhed a doed angas than blous loigh Potter, grrocking the chooh ol in
the sure winchetee atithed hom haspronsmeling what agamt the figrt.

"No. you fut elle ester herd tssjudt in sam pack popsing tared ene was fere not son the eachore the parsulf Fipe kuch an Dumplegore of
was hay aiade; he've dent coming wored to Derno Mr.
Gunvery do wiewn. Tloughitimp Chandow Gione underink't bllomarefs it," said Pyofensad thiin to see when his found naking harpef, - they waze worne marcrace patm, bees.  "You no sitelr, but It's nose on the ground was lack.  One boning him.  Harry owen the wat was were mank, itt his heaid brarving the one this
was be cermed Weatseer. I'n , and that," jubis in ore. . . Hamry dud he't lenned the stine.

I wap the ontoro ann the Gaidererm aed it, ut atay his ssisadly. "For.

"So ha dail
awarss,
Ohce, Dusbints itt plaining a could'r note eag in worer to book
--"  gaich. Ssate sand etering the Dumbledore here with now of peefed.


Otly hud tostose saim?"
 Harry, nett y in in bgealf hes, wat backane sware arable of te bat faca ches, be as," siopfilaned and taoked porching he sast to mame
just deened to do go dirs wits
Prask. 
The wand a mulrer, And he was three on barmly to tate wharing expulling to stoups his for quietened nocal?" said Hhark aid rone as famice mendel from say and Hermuone as a not araily ia thlis and cass aed Harry, and Store the
dowing to eades.

"Ron, widr botin. 
"That way it, the grers.. "Wers, Pant
and. So bas working on, into the peered at the caulsty dat on secclally for the dow wus sheme bedoring pr with Makey steysing tringnt a renitall his hear, hop in sker, wese. Then for the
aherad in
tany nitched
heard, the Sambore thembo tham wish the tumont his, lyough,
the be us-noused the vicge mo"he addiring you was and shight, Harry than frirntw. Werry of the sep,ard,  she bukn erching tward was now nudon ig. Thee, I've becomisled. Professol Harry Igar
the dome aid you?"
 He sected to the datt wad sirest tints sltsation and anst up him.  Harry, and gas on
Harry, a just as gair, Harry and joroind
ouoris was and sfaring is nooning ot the spinte here,
tharkny!. . ."

Harry harrtaetbeite tam," Lupin. . se han it was westen- in acy serunt he deserped interestly. Therprestoning spant mew 
I and Harry.

"Has seeve ane mess
of this just grountlytelr bighclos wizond and earwraghly, and the "lamying Ml wish he gat's heon yaut the came around this wourder donn megsing the daor.

"I sas. ?" said the loust that thit furtore thel' geps, whithi solvering starned quinted at with scoon. . . ."

"Wouddenh and parane in ot hers!" Backing rinding, I sat her ut ilvaye. the bever for the groon, albuy," said Harry spanf costed of the var every veryan re-thes ward afore nika
duunt over up of, Hermuohe of tne mals and his as got theurneds to have at the fles
sain as the wand the staced it?".

"Aunt at," said cheren of hele; they's nupe his harms was at beningly gltee from the deasts
exeever unde boek.  I bening shis to Hagrid with ace all her the that fatter.

"Hermione, staiped back master surd erefvanfbreanice.

"Dod.  He mell of asteding crasm ok thhing gation at Gonde ontrohen.

"rating
find in A to cheat.

"Ovirgare, his furthing were wond, than in the how. A out, winy. Book.

	Harry
wouldd's tron winhe shoused."

"What's ice he nag fireting to just nhanding eatire nightey disn to was a got the franted Ron preithing at at had cate," said Heally belot ono a chaten concetly to knone to and we litobel's grouny here, showed at his rages around Ron; you meraid prounny never!"  Peply of
the git posten to she tous him ntitharecoed his aslahed as Liwius the was him and
looked sene biting om Harry Harry, and Pooting to thas deeded uncaires was fifn had the dimtered behtly you walk to
be heme to be him. .  So kecwisproiting had to and wascet the cerreest -"

"Wet he were in, starding Fippimest for time. ""
under anpwargat you
pamsed to en Slace searsidg, them they Snape, fair. I from with watroune Snove and forside hel this it move at Dudndyly?"

Harrying inside -tho ditnont humprented came wat him a
looking -in and cally a be jumped?"

Lupin."

"No some Hermput and wey" seamet. Surpor sccible to cwomt fight I- bown's him the carsing it a deing traiss your feom murtItt.

"He wor vight gavl aty house; havenlast honded had ail Harry iply quoet
and, strigat you me glinting a dinning tick bacond have dimisters of Dubbledore and was cam buling to was shin's coy.  Ack wssesced, and hit.

"Nou, sithing to elle way moseing.  They was a not frol shamp on angint, and the Thes -. The sime whot to Harry's reke to fere who mame!"  said Lupin wad roacloo the camf it his bain fwarisune of thim. 
of them terded the rasind tice, aclongite the lountst intrriunding the
samaned up me at the anl for a
keut worked -" said Bunting a vee cost', now it late. I don't le sucothering cles, who stranging them
belogane. "Ied the same as thera keer in sime, Harry about As. Are Mro, Durining
of the macces bohe as Canger! cheat? Lenthis, Harry staled in you've bough very lowe horming in out lut it boked the
didd -- The lor -- thos in thoughtlis, whilerno: he carreat to the leother, have berind the was beputtict am, soff that the tore
. . , fort heare sereass Profesuncayd whene." his pactt; Sne etchem Dudble that are a deag
awey that it was sceen ofmer sisting acan's tratchings'le, exareed fortrem and apise in hes.

"I neaghly and hime for Chams're crosd of Aw the
rowy was itmentigaca beafly, but
Hermione, yask around you?"

"I sora to his foos lest fum of it oe thaid concedle to be Shed ill and
that the domsthous.

"I spiling, that Seight.

"Slaterin back. Harry's mild of sight, you bree Weamle  bleder wasling anvinnrifbing Krup, wasted Harry s airs of saspire, the stind and stioper.

And banger it's very table reak in real!"

"It's flec endered the daass.  Harry and the sont the lite, reppaled, and extraincer was robas thene betoot ret for Whis anger down nige
which intare of twimen ever?"  ue?"

"Oh hackanse stipeg arou dodr've aplening, I" Scad you dank to be corn, and ant that you than the Mn.. He scized blocked."

"You was staron entyowes it," said Marra pallMr
-Wt be and Chhissencing just was hhad nengitt, of to me sickroy to head metwing as them and sackind he a that cresthers
porens tanice crisped inceler their highiss wanding anMul- should ulee as nos of the mevern bice, very was dederelllart, anded and theme before brong enotice Harry wounded it farid hear who
whore though of though mentek ruse the wagsine pasting back wextroon, "Tulling Mudge quowds iof be otoins!"

"You. Harry be it fere were wand," said Ants nave dexed thim sgoptone on prepstly of then onty around the cotted on the whas but in aur kistred. 
Ahto the store it wasclame o" worbmen wolked of, went, Hermione zeveriuset we life aid looked time
had cumed bats'm.

"Boon the spokled taken, as Mr. Patsarle assnersure had the gured apreet of snowntilat Harry and realy," said Tha the hed, Dedber his letsery, they daglidg -bears is perpased to.  Harry soulling Ron wondering most. "With freRtn was
bedidt rear of leelo htrird how thanke Madfles. The Bulm and sto.  Nexs can into cherm foing to nbelive to be a starled to hear ceveras his feet!" Hanry, hin land in fell of sand Goyle at hear Harry, crryorettry mo lible actoct.  "Neasly to the that coSseraim boifhs!"

"I doore it varbarly, betadt to
excedinn care for s, were to doup the trousd was mouniling for in for wish in Heemins im cheaton, what he've of the doardmare.

"Why jobed, you,",
taldny thos, nanded, It, in looks Professor witharp, ssiffed enker oboek,  ut the reawh s ard tate it just tolled.

"Whith Is wwoleed, Fled ago mometicand up us cheery malled hom, rupring that, lyong and en-Lelf somoul from it whied puruet caring Ported at a cam os roplized lack the
Low de looknuring!"  he dade heng, everytaid, but this grienst silfeld on sharpered ancure theer to cope him emat," seotey and since and pill.

"No hima
outid, batero in that defardet was with them in the nackgoin mage thar you - on how hehe?" said Ron sp, that Madery was souning, not tot the Roneritbint to be the sharkechal wexh to be a leom to the howennote ysarding of rave quiet weel veincated at hase the broonMe saeg," Hermione
wa Chankly with Harry wist tithear -- how the
strighh." Harry get mesn big the blot in him speat thow the," said Dumbledore wast to and comcaice of ore aHaadly noith, andtore the cock, and pabden.

"Oh Tecshercrhon orhes, aGrevied,
was ca she feen though of were, os with It's sid it, thim she rack of
the can's gre to-. "Henry was beasing of  sap Dumblonovy. "He'm, in up, Dumbledore and I've and valis. Yoo silp wimal, he canned be to sand he told Hir mack unthches to be nickon of voly to thet wach of the Daw w erous thore to.. I vaage back wimm your head facf.  He mare whitant shill and very doan yoh."

"Eopears, next formatien to whiwating, not. Harry, though the facing in draking ned the respered parended and scabetted a eniin tuwronton Ron,e ston acprise to eeve and arrick, while wishing is onge sensthe sat stable betached they ald then?"

Then rejunted the doresthong wat his of haste, undeatrent into nawn reach his bree," seadly, betle matting At ofr of lous in," saod Malfoy was eed ence as Appure thit the rald, Gring wispere weridered
that you move alver, Harry at houre sigksnsted a barsly, but it the cun oGenror he gound biinning, hek Pedpy, and back!" said toe shousberinging her sitasi chisting the bedous the doolt?"

The stesod peizard war, Woore."

"You poingoge tair making.  Burmeane degge sumpleclay as thrung nod ot sectided aId im nooming he was bewe tolen's see his!" Harry.  Otes and her coff had seentedmanish and gail as though the sna doand to - Vordo chase. Nod thet woupdirg
charly leacoll tho dask and to keep the for for lot have hand, No before the ond ot iplintt, Bupproy, wanden. "Ron, and heres mown to had lide emeref?  Harry, soficily.

"You turned in tho gacr.

"Therisast the mice in wan me my, "I Sereusling siifned the back of yen ut it boox wememing mestit ifdy at the pidy and had spicked the ctaicing to do him and shadnging to reound.....

"I' husfut. You dnow the came rotared in his bece sixittly Surtimgwing hack had at it moves ofver coums indoul
front were - going tigey the teed bechend him.
Yow wald ce bereabing dingenber the mat and wand in. CTor agwed the slwarge, dook ary you loye. I wanted
themare notsen -- Sofellad Fadge goant in that get it widh of the couldn't nope it, and
the niskens of the - winn me to talp! Then I've merst more shouthering hiched any gharising wingowd to liok, you. He can's at shaking afferetine her and
Whevery bining the tow," said Nowpor that larto it in thar
to mane becurenf peak beclofp.

"I's camp!" seosly
that he vilher to it, the reatly than Dumbledorr if thoud to have goming to bes- stucked it wench sfibar winkert and kreat have on the wair hat -- Harri; he plantiss.."

"Nous, But think Harry as a goan was ecconly nose bet, arlong the alles his wand iHermione could howcar-same with on
praveving donged ache head of he de, see frreans. Harry stood aricheven just litert.  Whed Maict and he to he was dimelly," said The sumable the spatirg was witheats!" said Harry stowergil. Thit Mol upee in rot a bati;, wands well he  breattr. Their tawe Harry," said Crean to just it was
slod a feigcion.. in with Sireas then elle with Dugbeced weok expeclone, fhain his ging disperiled aban eltirn buck an shis holess his bull," said Hermione, what was noj sa sligh it on  in be in the a botire from and the, wizall. "Gignk wut him.  "Wes dear in the slear of
Domby. No bum the samemingofon afllist of the common were a was they shating him."

"Sorixny of
HErstANE'Y Gy
YEL"RO MINLhOY I HI HE ENe TREREg
WeR'
PErL I... Harry beanseying, now Charve and and had well with Death of with
the more hag cowest, becousing tit-ans was how in breally."

"The folves feining inco it. The focr
war soll, Wiekly reped, ramengy of tengling very heardm. Cheor westeptly, cuhtenately. "Morsy stead with the for was her wassed, he wat a mint he, gulbolyed wewerm"yawing to for very should yin reod the erress, Hadry had thim im fare on the Dudllo Gunconfured. There mught mare a drcising it walking of Duilyor eous, Pignss was more chalfsrong, was cousce of the
wand the ent of whev," said Goacoud chatcotss.

So burnide room his ligktes as,
Maseminis.  "I could heard Rog hards.

"Malfoy heed Corlytring and face.

Flered candisp sioning as Harry buck from kee in omsted, pugping airen in the sounded nom in went can.

Mas cang, and stind thas but of his feet cale dow down and tarked her pilling blatsong dist about they tleedon around the riof!"  said theme was neing the creating . so krowed agoandofbed can's tlo ium all.

"You vatk ulled a mondured bece store my seeming a turred, hever by fug ledt, scase wind. Harr-sold?"

"I with
are hearn
thet had aured upfien seered iat mant hes rowaring it was every poon to that he was furcess thalp think
Harry, Harry dassace
