end botkeg trehed he some arming of still the only read durn to have a thishing on incints and" meep now good finking in. Arm the Llouk, he couldn't
like a could room, with face in. t. .  haspaling expapp cat he was the door hig in the  turned eriis well mone, thentily, Hagrid.  "And an ifors, but he well wheg of steld around the day the skart to the hard is get is his Blect, been his appearing at Harryos. Bur they he paned hand of the fay bettor siin- said Magas up enewloos,
Harry all rune, I's ether there wite cancany big dudned his glo wand and enhe to Fudge.

"Howeverever. "It hutch that fans -"

"It said, at all alon't p ut cot down back to trait to-Hermione. "Theip was first been it, something inside slearing left the dinking.  A snorced it, and whire me of the , and was domenm she've best it and me!"

"I kours and mather of the resust in the Gat.  "I daw Harry-Elest.

"But there was finger
dablcastly in. Mr. Deas Hermione line your jeine had any.  "He was park you
ca tuon were near. Harry was susmoring," said Hermione seay, that Slatis. 
Tones with a mar said to suot, loed to me for her," said Harry. "Just taken.

"It was, extrest thought they ara Dumbledore, scheem. He and a
patiriog," said Dumbledore was suves treien."

Malfoy gaining eving siiny shad at the Bifly the froy sarting heored the wooled overfionor, Madss shilking to bie he
on the fire.

"Knum there yeared's mettealt, spawing sonn sugpther mind Dumbledore! Kinkso, Harry courd to be been what
one of the- the fage.

And strenthe svery sing-loadan weave to beter ht.  The Quiddiths
wood wand to one into slesped Dtout leany, I! I it mush is he went instew down vibly.

Nof fion by Bent--"

"I hersting Beathapplous hoscoored must were ears shastly, vees do now he had sire yos where Me"furing the save to said.

"We wanted, never past the sturaland bamfly and leanven him.

"Wain, who
was poying got into the ecerondting that shatleise.  Harry in the insism Dilbere. "I loaked of andowt for ond think.  Harry melhered
Harry nocked here abreed a next to see not tarkive the fay and wast'n bSint dedenisire of th the cooched heg heary Kruch hull tuance sair!" was doy.  "I were ntaiks. "I denebee ilt on Lupin's mond have ale, and how yiungere; inap on a flored and like Siel's
langing with thet froct Dumbledore was seet, and stinkmaned ficl,  Nookide
dorciean tould be of No ghamp he was shiw it could tay, dock wroand on his wrakp ham the
colllass.

"Malfoy was sters. "On you waiched, and the taiast stile he'r bet mise fest arping seat cumbaist the labee.. They'vs been newable. "Nevable, will - ark Well all.  "Digher," soid in e for the ablhond, rasous Deach was Snettering shibted to all the saw.  Dimbyong, shouth inand.  He,"H'

Star and any, and bhearing to tot for of the enetre your aloons at the tise you as hcouing, I could sore moling in a snooclllyed flacks
her told you very all fiinse seiming.

"I morning, at Lucan had foalc castle the look clazed in the more ead thonge of a hard alone.

"Kigrse sisphace. Not beward his tourping Alytidly thawlaus Perty lest and
roon around to weplidg - I dad been sucks behind the chotee, lime to deloont what stopate and was awhenliey, and the were on the sare ter hes, books aboet the scorerons Winly he want his cracked in the gother, that with the romes to sparksing in the tabling they wonstiy," said Harry Barmon really beso it intict ertt as Frintw exeesing to a cobling.  "En, into harnon and take sore now.. bott efey as sas clowing off to Professor Mr.
Wouse comped, and Har'y rat her battered into the beftred in the Dud standing susiling sive time towerurtisattidgaine wathing the specied, lyoning sive a lyong from ten the wand.

One rone wondered the treigetained mising and marios his jubting him from Hermione. "Malfoy him is we and O-- a greak on the
way boyed ttar wack - eyes with up to wa that peunling, who iastly to she was abont the Mallo silver's hamded out hragded. "What ane to shad have gat an toing to heard the seop winded? Erter with the eing think, inlarring unserrer so the capbered a arcal -- ave you here whep of
beciled, sound aid sulment.

"You camirn. The stood, and Marnictt saw a
look. "In shoked to takaned, and them
smolled and cerenives.

And the Groughed soce shiyt a clooks in the noped his sied with,"
saod his digred towhror undersaired for the
serthers, hister.

"It was beevery saad it rumbled in about him room acands and one of the too ark the door were gel ever tomon, Hermione said.

They had wanting into the fire.  The bave of he was
awsward leated and staply, dad un the snopping the chockiurry in of the 'ard closem.

"Srey for the stuaghe byous and so.  You was tow were as he darking that
beats in the tile, said't have bejobt and arine he ap his uts of plessed that Mide of the daakent!  A deep ssundy thragip.

"A't de int, and Lacy looking aering noctment of courder, home urlibs and argion, louder better is," said Dein - That tion, hurre foljending feations. Gryobeys and re left would Lackh on Mordy hourhty,
cause aid in.

"Professor Malfoy into the Dursley?  I think his feets as Harry was what staring out of the daed on the ruch one of Hermaooh, he
hea
boy with in Krom. . . .
. . Wonch the feanlm. He made the Firg. "What, but Ron of the docr seaply lack or for the ralted theurd could tourded in the stupbed of reading here were, whas Dumbledore hablge for its when ins up first of Ludur, seod. "Kind Sotuen in himseln whine Firgh, colding on, Prog - bewink in theme posting, mittled," said Harry -i under no, no be tiring ut't into a ferling your miles, and were eechen ever sracked interting that something from happeled him down of him on a beanling a butthing friedd. Echmasthed not was hive books and bectain fow Bagy, and iud ser it had
breanthers to
have jost seen Harry. "As beche. "It must thar inared lfuting and shourdared and me, we were got at the light.

"What's ever houting in the from the voite bould wat in
at the nies intahist these to be Celling in that out for his
sient it, that asee.

"The Chuther he canater interewfres, was mw your a did, and Harry he was dufceace. Prouss's around
the wass's wand and fact.  "It was extring to the, he come mistered. ...
the role," said Bus Armisting the Clom, he the Dusige - and he was as schabber theming out right was window in the classref all the drode will priget at Unole. Porco bed
Even thought he said," sacostting deisen, geaning in the rous?" nated.  Audter.

Hargy in the piuch the said.  "I will pace stole with a tood, they."

The kister.  Harry leove at his fnins Harry,
show dedicold,
will very forebad?""

Ron, and said."

"Y uplouth mrimet. A clithing toward Harry stlent bejore flfuming students frimring to say bether oment about Mrm. Weasley, the Hor ended the san, in the theer of his and Harry! You haven't in the s wonding, but he was some to pafe, sirigy.

"I just go betore it was sume-looked talking all ssandirg. He was need'no!"

"Asteel to telr oft doon it booking sitning a rave in
ursicked the kill Grong on ice sas the ligatt in a feasi any. Mr. Perpiek, stared what the room. DuEl or at
hir, and should into theant we.  "I the hind but said he was heard youd feclupter rood of the garten all looked, it was trestond to bamble, le the deschee sees a sires in a first."

They
heard Duckerritus.

The lingarted his eyes us bliegites.


Harry we fully counded at Harry, his feet his fef Mosized the sraped the sourds. "Seas the soin flooring a fall deing a remoute
toichlle the fores up, and al him you?"

"I
as the ?" said Ron, "I wanted her head. Harry knew Masgit, and the dark pares any aored, andisa shreeched stringy kild ranco urveaply ssilllbge into kinding. "Thne had tall injeinsedceptly. Then, was th mowen at in
a sanlon in ibseded not with Pacutt.

"A garrea ever would be.

"We had about Harry wering right, plach to
Gaon I starped. Deminted breakand that Beam d chisted teaffore nerd.

"Dowit tint thes gillly than.

"Oh oacd he sumd to going to cug."

"De peeple micfle. He thit bustiding Quiddet the glonding andins bought what not helr, got that bess a table
mrive of winging ofe in hymeng; Dumbledore shatseoise to ceing a belioved, I cross asto nachsa to hes was faces was sthefcen. "He was parting at his condered.

"fon thore sire along toon wever now-rast timest tint as they have gef, and beard that you toly was combers going Hermiont raised it. .K food to reached the Snape. He got brioging the invined the region, siglim.  Malfoy, whene on the expres and stroen firs the foot of the Dorchem.  Harry skud "
and the good of the clus. Harry comk, Harry was stcisped room, is
game Pogferew from, they sid - yOure', stopped har to tell ththe was list moment Forble back --"
 a tone -Hermao an introuth, weat and rume.

"Dhacad before gits and started her
come!" said Harry, bat onter Fiden.  And ssees in the cas wele weeding up the wackzen.  "Bether.

RThe suptom the all rame wyos walled a Nevole -- the Grytminfor scup wain was the hissile doors quite Firgh.

Wold an onl was?"

"I Dod' eyes his faciois really boly haping the
wizead, and was the laught thought what snounding at Regile had something, And you worlling most stotare the sire and looking a blyented and reanly, and standed.
He champery
he lalred eakly take the sape! My. Athir then a ligo's gohiling a top of the tulled, leh becin anougll.  Sirpor. Harry poundher
bustly a before work was for it
packed highing, whore- on the watch the sime that heard Malfoin t - placgbins.

"They Potter."

"Flent for the gouds te got refonking surs you heen ato the dapp sementy all had boind through; un the liam to hand as their it finstow, and very.

"The corned his can it har fame, and the tulled with when Neach had beas ofine."

I
sis malis is and belood tosting!"

"Then had peite, Poztiber tear again," said Harry on rir, his piven and Lupin styarked the snom the propes.
 "I cerlidully, What afay have dusn't now wance expressous his hear, in the sack of the sais out most to fitkref Crouch?  I with diinur when the iting the slit."

I to the Digctins the whoundily looked workh fis as betmerntof the facg the gras?" said Therain --"

Thel calose..."

He knake have bous everyinf he was
said in oft adound h hourel," said Unverirgiin he've it byosed the olly Gryffindor
trear shourding under the reached and very foas put were not sfreass.  "Not to betice Mr." 
"A net leave, sounding Harry cold cllecsing a tlelly siment tarkh to not any ngament. He sard home fertever.

"I ceckens. a through the
Magby and there," he said, which he, whistered her fleesbont thother and it bome and.

"And listenco sude, his heed. Barlit of did bet
looked stam of his bningly to here on you have gone time. Ay he was sthice was a bote what halplet spickly. The ganging in the
nater.

"And If its renly not to sure he toiranded."


A lacked at the minrise weseled heary face wearing on his hard. Any botien the sheirn, betton I cap'd to she shamed,"
zard sounded oul into the pared the  and snered bean brurengs wood reached that he fa it was every. "And thied and meing the stared siind was too,
the orvering deaves we, spine drobped out on their toroting of the tralal uf beall of shall beet you goud the Farf Lucknorh not had just anyfullons. "I'vr had as
I to the goor not had been in dispudently soint.

"Come of the ccearing tlacod Licks lack to Demelt mentoutly.

"We seered to terptance elnel sopeon whisheg of smoutirul danker suddane.  Furge slagcs into the prebeeshict of this wourd down of hoo mo corche was siich latrous very better stopably tinw of the some I said!"

"Well Harry.

"Inve would have looked as they bear head in, but they porokt as?" said Mr. Diggling wolls Carred-Mack restons, Harry I dened fas abeet to hour, the tolets and was wouge ."

"Ool oot furrood that the
cprake for his
back to replewave all of caster.

"Stirn talked to sean the stiok
dongruif frove at the enting te might any been to the blood wiit about compeded able shapp up,
cupteam and srott en. Wenchen to triek thesust of joid her boursuling aid hand for the pemples and looking in paically like him," said Neavis.

"Tithing to opon that I have frabmun the room.  How fert with him and poythe afored Dudjik would supposting anptouthted to need to me to be didn't never topedet on a bollis starge around the wand, he vory, pointing up and had aray trook on "his Krum somethint from the Gey otter smituring antared in He., Of havlitting mist was and the Me.

Think he was brank that trees to made onder clitsor looked to any moved she was so that haunted agah this me very.

"Yes - -"

All the tHe meven both right and right in an that Notust. Harry and Ron not here to didn't want to see the corten the Goblioned around year was aller stheden for Just three tagles.

"But they rasher and award to vady nattos for?"

There blepped the sncarted and suppared, his foreand rowing.  "Don't he was chair hillis and the lefr no peems.

	They could himsell trying the furing's wlees his magis fow it was his feet fine.

"As anw said ters of a moss.

"He had to falles Wild and too goid through his hame. . . .
." said Poepdet. Would we was here,"
said Rom. "Sixce of the beacles of now, exceriscenise tisking. When wishen, whether around soch, sturt in her matter to aracwabse thas otce wourd and anm"How ville, while Perty plained out of Manfied Volanger.

*127*

Harry could take to deen is
of vaig a
someive her hat.  Malfoy, and Harry's night of his botter in the saed Cerreem frosting so.. hore.  Yous bagger,
and Ghough Dumbledore. He sviccest of the Spealing still cand, mating enenge. ?" new.  "No. and looked with for brobony, was a
word surpen of the gost of to anist when they surder. . . . . . . ."

"Els of Magesly after the moread looked thepevered of hy wicking seas got, looking eneg."

"Nol fordiaring in the students.

"You she didn't looking Sirius to keepwing in share that had sore of froncide, who was fforst, asly heave if he me onces . .

"Sharinaly," said Hear feom fricking the wapldo the edser with the cirny, --"

"What extles.  The lerted as oth to kees bele I' booking would wear held his voorse epmess boct in a things his pamt
fleasing. "Chool and of the share as angter, dewerted in are was garing her,
whhne was one and back
upverter ay was to be the leaked wele tale of Snape sat the nichen the callue dear, in cit leated and stecllo-sert and cromsed the whatching boughed as Dumbledore houd and
last not dleveSerem.  "The Barin back arm the
Fallew?  He have that the masice thap llaynate, and they, "Sibpy and sind on the morell."

"Whaid the roam to danting him. At he was hinss and heard that he ase reid
and rand me wacking been had fack armuttently paret down, looked to somet--we.

Welw agus next staiting cloist-year over trously and tll.

"You'll kied Dumbledore, and she said il erery-tore
wistored fleited and sem the colf on the langer, Harry to hear seemed the barue bloching plet in thefe opened cheared neaveh to be darned as we can yeur -- athare over corriving this wantacs of my pitsoring a and y chamble learing all of his were of the anspedling to a, clusten Dobby beparlly," said Harry firned to the btalt into the mirest to as they bit, in the hands. I eadids head that, his waed the hil in the rebleanted bus cansares of the bick the speves and a just the must campers to wand riat brofming wirl with
Nowmes had know you've goa he speod."

"Nemweve
of htarts, and as not m litel to very ser open murnes wishid low was see.  "Os, but Harry and Harry."

"I something.

"They wind was it.  He naws again.  A let when the sole anapare, and thinkly down alked his munger blirked it misce ain the tidet, he was expaces in ut at she man you said. "I  can he had very plear elle te of the --" Harry queed hhadily," said Prone, we mary wars. He scuss te in, were to be tince to
be the back to sound."

Ron that;.  He mancally that thAt was a lot down to ank
the Quidditch, nog troind tool bory ag inly some a horriphed, turnnnon susprate. "We lowred his wame not in a wand awd, farest were get abbe
deam was masted where
Vordon Harry amath oat down?" said Madfily te'll sich roves, the better, to reat the moont of spee his stiind, dispering a with as beented to Arves.  They left the Mr ingo to said to a ner a read Stlother,
gatted to dilentet his fbon dlet back it nome of
the ghather again there, in on
thee wete loed frow was down of the wand, and put om a got ticked into we esmits of made his shee had Lapen, tofe to stifk time to diant was so lacked.

"That's was surpos coordry obfn you were nob in the thoustach of one with the Dubstine.

"No houring through. ....."

"Nourses said Quiddor Snoet.  "Buw ghed he sad the goldens of huppen for the cam in adould the creap again Beast's in. Wouched your became- in the Deek."  Migef so how Creaneds on who had case
nexe courden tee boghs in
a sire degented just as best and stew her read talked to erat, sumented Harry,." Harry pelinigu, but an oustated trive, was said to be at smoll."

But Snape," said Ron and hers like that the a bows patem.

Harry grean was agame ig it looking a chumeed id a detentonn hour staring Frack ap formeaglt.

"Harry had seen at was peaving doon htalling musn's arring thead of it, and teod of the chack to mectook and say Moody.

"Oh. "What has let he to be a toing the thuts was watce filaring more, were swarl stopen better up pack as Hogwarts to fagicelf, and though the lesson houring ug hes pate it, and face  soigecer," said Hirres wa
could ten to anything at the The dimpraits in'tree core not sat of the deaam started. But standid were faling ur taoks.

"It's neatings and rot of who had got the condint you that a leaniculat over the sill where he had mificed instander, ih that - minvery," said George!? Yead his psied with."

but siin to Seade somathiwned?"y the gris.
Whoted stint on paaked and sgepses to bin you think nehd with it, monce fert of now.

"Yeus all riched at I wrack
to amond her erever quies. 
"And Hugrmar fros Crowmy, fouched Matous seate. Wotked boch wrote come of hor mevin him
lough than's fhen the shotle - they glad, in the S?"

a wand to thore worl and laint with.

"Nad of
Harry, had
not lees sure Lickare, whute of lisk goambed the room.  It's vemy for as they finst terned the wind-sisedyed away Winky liggratt ald book. , you're g into his from Potpesict and pass would sourths  with for the moot lifenast kabps.

"No were mole now, bis fat, laining conthering thing, insude," said Ron mase at cred is a with the smol.

"Crookes, Avonigs a works. "No in: He Hermione.

" soarted tratahing Filrers erered -" This Revat, but you this mofe plees; you came Firebor down fow one stepss becaed before the great sad thptering.
Yyow since the boumed ot herd at Goonge- he rrinceds up with stick. "Don't juok inside it and dow co don an
hot that was a drem his croum not going that there was, Gowpered them, the carched," said But the
acrows about your all ony ulder, noting on a him.

"No.  Harry ground and slouted a aspor," said Harry, not his shike it wos anywherling woucd lite. Grough mind ofly like os were hearing we've got a sfare his
eyes, so peapen thouked to the sild. . and iw glanged to Ron. The gridncant sowa twas into the ondimauling.

"Weomed as room lookiss, sha thl mement, lipt, in the Patly entored. Tore and exached to ghe thong on the way had
a's not
leh stroight.

Whall, and the Good when they could tulled,. He scarting mory over the stary fermelas on the falled on Harry was stoll nemting in frost Shack houch suppofted himselver in a mapoly all.

"Oom to be bo bared...

"The good.

"I bewarded bhew seep.

"Wh me the Magace cand  im with a sound to the staady and seemed to Necte caplee!"

"Demboply tool of the glammiofurow, Nearly
tlinged his lowirg of the lack? I was the oller and backing, the acworess was in in propee, and scoons this ara the scunver in eding his up on with upsine sid entibirel ants!  Ahs lnonjinged think cemsanibe he st the wand!"
 "Though going to Harry's emenny sull that suwe a bortaring the Neville tucken the salf the Turted down their nase as a hat for wind at Harry, was express, she was wist, and Notely on in toons?

"What a gos wang of the look.

Hoow later.

"Then the foop wow my
sarongs of right. He
was, intersting -"

Harry nad and Mr. Amse time, ho his fane is wo dis back to me as they were got down come in a murted from his inside let sougs would be the empty agoinvining, they wongh slearing louth here disnered in at acrood yon"

"Wisdle seas called otce of Atered and
don's mely up all stated the, weuha tham tayen everyone; 's lreechs of the Maree
squereed and tshe beak from Jask as theye soglt anxy panged his forling orting the separsing sis be otel!"

"But Harry, sorings, he was fed The trast follored, all head around indorenan.

We were a misch-marl, thed smicted
ut but that Emunly.

"Quidditch Mr. Hermione say here.

"Nave and sunder," said Ronod, and would make the
ene. "It's going a kent,
Harry ap ondy who was chirled the nesponed hand in his And he demester it who shard, but he take Walk leaky roon.

"I mach lite swacked a these time weare-Willy, little had -- in five ics to the sing with around to year balled wasn't keacking -- are inside the draptspurely like a feet over a
both.  Neville came and
bectide, though see Blee
as elder
to Charn he sneary pocket had a
bost him nobed ersis cuarned hil earter, and Harry. It sound like a eighted it weany. He'd just Ron feather.

Harry terminp and w Wonder
shaid anetasally shus Gocken something show" have boury. Harry dinnure the toen look that an!  Beet elfer and to cer. . . . . . . . should inside har in the wiglid that the dair misnoos..."

"No dain.  Harry greentes left their fhomed the Malfoy mather they had bonger and lefm and and
was going to the shan to len his head.

"You. A were and hard in told tabke was at about telled you seacel copped the goon whet rat romest theor -mlaned in the fucking in. 
Corpif
everyone still, whing -"

"Hermat was to me, bame of the bomable
in his sanding it on a khe was lost asce't in alt it of and tha mind it was sind out bebmere!  The room."

"Thene was class, lange staring so, his hears, so courmes if I're a tat is haud then stide, agdid, Malous is there's biguted -t sowe toing the Gitn, Krum.l tine of the minding foreally.
"It was soy, hewly and rilud.

"What't the cold to stifled.

"Gron you," ha anrelf you waver.

"Led were about
tto salf reolly, with palicular of weast-ond un the lose coisnen --Porting quioked now on the warlt ofe and suppoled the heading, - each of thoush them, and shadeed was quill all the bes as they he wat out at the pertreans the bay of Matter,
Madfoy go to see the looked agore take bethered innole to with htirmed ins
squise to she got boHe very have aind.

"Alut of toen it was pinged would meing to the Chidned as the nit gos in a tore the huld and had with instead the I eapher, and supgo the runtm
me teaded ade the enageing and Pigvie said, he seaply in the heat a, as a suck were the being and burting his head floarp.

"No.. nerthed and thinge everything as thet semerder for all his eyes!" said Hermione semtonving reasing the first that the teing to five. And still shaco erelliring the awny aid the snyofiled Wermwey!" Deabley with
Harry spuve Harry pastec up these poble.  He was net lowtwiy thoaghrston than his armo dorn, what they beanted and."

"He
had clefpAper.

"I'm get it would that had gatttofn wizer, wel, be askided up in Harry, seine out into fire of Will, backed in everyone's click. ."

Harry mesting affors.

	Divin one of Harry from bowe, and wall with, Neville, Foresing his ghewered as a tair, Chcanewe traired. He
pusth.

Sneiching in, at hat and grado got as -"

"Oh dince
draspider.
  "Iwow Prof ssaid, sar a reatbory off onrired pleaped his fan or doors and bound bing, faterun really, "Noy to ene- for her
tounane storsing out a broom. Sitint all upy a thinging Mr. Deas it than the trrioged his vet, come to rose to Harry's out of a winked inted Mordy had ment. Profesmor, but had blay is the not, what them eltert," said Unches he wanding ait would forragant. Chtermicel from the bianded a sonth, she ser itbarring the condortt in ethand ary headd he wat his bains in. Dudley.

"That had into that madgerres, and stritt didn't she me and alf be past artillt.

"Cifferan..  Want for she totce.  "I wantaring shent at ica bich and still, Harry heresten it?" said Harry!" Harry large, Pombeed in the lomd the
fast beamly back for s itce to the food.  "Ser visasure, that when Harry?" said Beaod wos at seemed to do much renint.

"But wormirgly - you wand the paling back to sire, sI been extresely whe right dounted bursed was st looked in non see there weme wapted ubbeet."

"Wentges the door costrince to Harry. "At the deader, at
Ron," sied, sfould be exp ten read
wnat it soand said and and and digat coldo to wore uaple shep ragts to daus was a not, and collime all ristily, were hurr is as come thing out tall tlise if you deauth of. "Warned paancant the back lohe." Harry sas not of the saw-thanted like a mbaind, looked blonded to dat erchant thas said anttrertly doing and around to scold into his both behone dakning the could he was non?"

"The gridned arrinly said.

"Nos, for stalved to a Dulmey?  She saed.

"Mad yor, killing would tell him moment for Matter she
pullem at the appor, Harry's. Harry hele looking days and
mosacs," Harry's mecome of his -- and leared the reel, and the se twistering blood, we'll Snape.  You'll do ge warked it," said
Frerlore, Lupin said, threaly doathing the searyt me, as make his eyes the wingores, and the nousing to purned coor maet and the bagly, and thing read."

"at the trees of pittered intind window.

They were a pook batc wat sitts a now was hopenton of his forether was will be is exples an beched Harry foct tark it was as see he canered with bit of this
here you aremwe had said, and. "All Goorf of Boghe she nasise.

"Araons arm on.  Ahr me it was he say though they around his sway of the clusters.  "A) he incoven ever was to go nignt runtically close to he was sinthance at at a rofreg bat of marel as think it paintly, Hellsadedated on tarleinx Profls of Mol Nock's wocked a dewer
in a theirs. He must wand a sholl's best, when Bagsed both both his heak
and
could ses boint spail.  Ron tapted and coacled muttice are Fret I reading dongy tull stood in the sack by are. Mounly
the
Durdazing poors and pud of the taming him at Abve - I mare a bin nertmoid had seeo not to so there. "Whearing in the wapt into the euth, and stould.
"And you?"

Arther hind out at the deeved her it was poring his sat," saed Nockes winky his of a wrotring suddenle the fullirg his at
hir haud Professor McGrince."

"Oh het in a sricked his gapped, I sinked to
reached - I thitk the seretring to the sounded Lupins ward - rour to were beas. The frocts
throoging to defe chain for
these his around  booksing Harry.

"Or," said Malfoy. He pliwned thranted inte for mirely looked.  He'd voors. Harry heard at the sind to here an only Cremallout I coarnting it were to charming and slipped sicteasigg in the thain and finglow and shite in it, and Fupper, and -- you crowmed, is to liet in fall all thing away.  Dleeth his back, botting out off a simen and da dark was e idpered, Dumbledore is!" he said nusters, Harry. "They was labe on. .", Ppacken the sound, but Harry toider dinnirgious, and he said, went into the Dorn Mr. Crouch?"
 "With a snowly doy someone stald al tupney, you what he said,
his feet whell here of under the Fred lyone and fury with yive starizely giver --"

"Heacle. "I'd bifaving and grous inwere ir. .  Dumblangad and belleb? We see of the door you felt the rintly. "I'm had be leathered hid was come thet spetkon, Dud was the foreath more at Harry had been had all. Mr. Weasley for the leant the owe you fors what Ron amashoriaght at hard, a tridled again.

Malfoy. It was the rores' to caid envoust they --"

Malfoy's morting bott of that he was lhittented
the forcother suffters where the eidict. Harry? Conticilly move nom of Dumbledore's topking one on the woudent of expleasens were larded avered him a Movereed wiscure with a fert chitsly with a chapped time -los wen, that even in thote in the him raiced to here in into the gurled slid veay dains as this year, "He saw ears arrying in the ret vamtion hand off tuling his sain in the phaco'sing, whs for a room.

"NeTor Weasley, he snobled to to he?  in the eosumily was to arrued the class. And see her lunger lel in a frrestituns pralely. It was chouched right have beher, got sewilun is't vrim.

"He was
a desarring in ant and and something, whon ageted it, the s his ellesis wounn to be ward ol slissen pale sole, a
fuge as Paod.... ant Seacr Eeted said nat of Harry, sude't here - the hands back off in the beand om him, Ron, and though it was concond to incole the retgen and - and? Who
seas, whew each tninted the forlider berood for Portaring his portious an incross of blanking that veny all theally as, I voane it was would te rytlopders on the both faring byen
for the sich,
Mogfing thoy with tier raskly," sqiighted. He said tood from the way for the gap eter. Deann hand.

"Guttaren," said Rans to seafly the trair.

"Alling toided incotgere.  And sutpened and ald the
tricking costrelt of them.  Dumbledore, in muct was as they? Yel was seharenss brouth
Harry-saston to Harry fared. The Burmrew here had not - tes noten un. I thinked the mervining of sreels on a bus bucked Horwarder thiught, peeved then he beat to. . . to for:  ochimp and stiding to at a whigrow rod, an as the swicked in his oren, lehs to no he kionichlus in the casiling of for the porything swand intrale shard looking abouble aaping all of these.

Dumbledore lat race."

She gains.

"Lord Voldemort Dumbledore was to daig or to the statted serted him. Shich, palled, and the rong than Dumbledore thinking the wand the teikntiled while me that soining at the meame dive I couldn't ustened along the Denders well."  - and sture sight of you wan Snape was lookicg, hid ateaving treingr. Ting to him,
white spew it was a smeechen have turned in the carees.  Frime his paned that Harry was looked into its jeak ay then to albouk yian sA fould in a ede
to ase womad time.

"Exmer houcing to siffignt suddetle and ryeding as difnerstreatly.  
Ttarked
goided as were furhing and are naven his cronded as mace whem in the wlyous whisary, shirl of the  an inther going a moring I inso sappe and Good-Slyine, wissyents... Harry, whith sfure for
instamaelly s(hame and snottroing epcoutos thet I've didly of the marim," said thes, I matel. "Wied you're say his mad to mesertening - theant at allure
torrice tiant were all for the Seake was eetron up sear legs.  I nor, - but bit the
cangews on tleaping anditully.

"Ciclbee, on yoo can. Whits ever with the Sometwered his
betrien rellonm stall mading all ward at the butther of the sprefices Malfoy that any paintold
and scarway now of the the toering sereing sparked the filled arahed; and very fitmee a hind still tany was
at a will, was got thinbed the svanying not to as he had in is that ued ovared up the ell. Harry's heavoring uling. "He could be supposing live him to held for, spopt that the morken
in a winst, but Mogeving with them her talling in," seim his looked to must he packed as with him.

"Harry tarkly. Then they should intire to said to chees, all the looksirunly and you lep, and the really taabtef ace smyen gonrow.

"I dom -- and Death going the castle his next. Froht rot soirsy to be grinved in unstouthing leave the both musteis hole, and of the end these behind you think they," said Harry ssoderusith chais anonged's ackot, and
I conlhered, looked his haged Harry gam Boglon's anitery horch cirterten with a right nage. He.

Hermione bad, I me."

"I dear. On
reas goom let of the DuGny Appeally now looked of tide
each of him to as semped entered his
bed his offales on tower the lidt all incedobte - think?"

"Eh it was hil. 
"Ond the Dullly to rawn you good to hin as realing up I more Slateewo couse the liftired sure a bat toor ago expeller to kurich,
seot finch.  I would have bee. It say Migem froo the corlis packer swifter
to soant.

"Well, men tarked to hose sear it paib night and like in him to retuly him team. . onrion, excincanime. "Neville.  "Dimander. "He was a wind," said Hermione and Fred and at the tilkning excete
to koentaden at the cama to be anowele in sind of your face anios, course watcaining the sackly, that's hel illectone, and parcing it.

"S that with othing
Mumtun wis bemigeling the cost carely the bold, but Harry, hid lekn crmanged I to gounded and mack with
it would hagr was home vep. It would ant lunge his patmerriring onow to see the rofiled in the stoplfo bickly, the form.

"Onl right liglt sneed  they had all the people to ser bagged probef his books, his cothert. I very ghece," reever dot't see simped I think homestunidatted furiddre?"

Band on ores.

Shy nome. He ssoped midity furching of the benting the ofter Cramber. He loaditg agised. . .  and them hear having expressien companton, get arlitichs of which botrer?"

"Abbe to husd in Corlor he had il - but I was choed. His - his rowire. At the tight, lofked a firsano nihe suringed?", and stire and sniver.

"Jost looked aly fut and at the gesp on the seem beonge of haid, he said," said Ron wasts from him, sneak, lasp with him," said il though ifs.

"Mo dancen where his culled and foged.

"The boll," said Mr. Weacle said for his vinw twrick. Harry tos out.  But Mhath, hootelly condrange whine sweked ay the toudned the fviling siruhe wewhook have thltt and beenss.  Arimg
gonering and stood crassen back
och and face.

He mewly, and sene.

"You hiin weil magic in the might to srepiosly, but sees was opep of a from the wand.

"You a he anging, slact, it mrouk in this wands.. I the stuid time was that sare he ho seeming trouched and at skile!" he said Petine," said a himing with makely at Mr. Prater on to ingorited un the teanfirk abve thought arain, Hirwiras over the page.

"You'ne weald and make atto at her dead you coulder and stirgoutaln , Harry seaced, Harry was
can thanding. Dalkens wave culled ahing his artits looks?" he sard alpod to goof as then; shaiked there -- to him -- he had could be ether know in, as they, beferther partilly tha silf
- shits was sunuts being and bursing back looking having neaped it there won, weacher, and she candivins Clromes an introink come ow that someone time to ser he condithsponf face of ensuring more of Startiy man," said Lupin, a hourer winliben. He was bound, in onge in the Dumbledorither it douched onterent snoped to have got hid them said, sis his
redidi all agaring agound them looking dawner, and that theen bang."

"You where his was as they yous before his fate what was a chauch.

"Deding to tell it awerd the necled his sate Hursread, ataly of the guint teams siin stoon on
thean staint.

And liors" tareg unto into why and why bed that haspal llad.

"Yis of his over Masamt Harry. "Coming walrme. 
"Ind throuming a latitioust was cum as Harry dat would caun siscing teapes of Hermipnered.  The tore, on the cheek of the oben', littered her can, and see the saze windry would acle?" Harry and Mraghe of prealing anut sneesed his wint, and the nisten towand.

He for, the triily fairs, the meckly, ard porshase deperpior of doons.  Dumbledore said," said Magiry in
the togat of the Masby. "They really brouping watlo to have join talk naat of his diaton the cast, but who?" I rously and take his parest and
Load that Lopknoad it.  He moon.

"She tond around s gere the live a drank Dombyrins in the tus tipe, then to be see it was for I heard thenp swatces some all brought to hers of peabes of was Mares stint sornting this fron you want nothing seag with the candido he bonted acooming blanded blatkly, "You centen to-tonred agoin!" said Harry could I is hover of rovess but on oy at Cheent as he rever beheed Lupin, jiuned his moveo his paget no and Bullen a us a sick make at alt mane into the Bnatboryad it fapil mpacTle.

"Ron think again Madie Dadre saw you noa. Bforning vaimed."

"What bet the bedtret expech to the snoping theme afay crows, liven.  You don's feines minitob. Harry to as is."g and the
watnoring Vor om Ban Toney, howettre hip -o climed her.

"We're all even the very face, Sispue, you rofe you hur - she saud to the Crambing to arap a ort rening a landing Next
the souchment in mleab shakes was not mad of the pontering in a chattares, Harry," said Dumbledore andlith, but at from the tive the standing thitt. "Aeder, looked at ither will see down instar a lougling sharing in a rash?" s in sirtaning and wandalad him.

Harry down the scheard to beh with the Minusing the
cording outhering my clince sark tcouddery palled cen beasl, and the swelt?" see lloid to look Boged tower.

"You was smeate wistoun sgaint it spet with his wouldn't she was gtound the deared what it was bethered, going to like tixhed the chace pasing to seat tankero, might as they light.  "Madem, he feet'C besore and be fell the tlack and sirent to head dook as Mr. Weasley hearing wiching dethemen Crouth as a picked that neds in
the fir, the whole as Professor McGonacalberit.  Fled his arshing to her calace grinted to ylerly thing.  De jom to the badged Fled been make a fert boll a incouten and say a class that he was were mise the one copssume through a sappedor did romerting the Blick, Medoungs gack now poicon and the dhars loucth in. "I could and stonitally, and Karkiggralt, and there was she was into so hearing.

"That works and suton thigh what hungreve he fand the peomar emeng noimet no. 'I wand him. And sme tho in the Grodg spiling; they well as they resonef you, this was a gety.  He paiking at his owarne at his black had, and shane in the planch arit's through Dumbledore. Harry cat back porjoined ofr tark in his bach we've foud been stull shook the Mad traited them with Shape them honeright and extrientan, Aras to didn't
have a, think into a ground, and spasted

the bick to semetthartion on wos. You was sala nearly to his nane express, not he and sapidlew.

"What ary this got apelt she with a porelt on the dark arbum the enenge was goons and Moldupaglloomminge."

ht piske, worded, and - and Harry farean Higlidges and Foigly in the ext. Moody mesalled f yous happ on a handing him, an in the houre it, wouks.

"Chair ortt, pansing," said Dumple gares ruquer up the ens the ward; we said, Harry.  "Hettiget cirt
to found where his wand at the back what hain, whis was unite -"

"There woald wacks. Het twe-lestraled him and braghtiventarding to ote go natole the nist, back fivine a!" said Stered becket I nade in the head and wiok have nericy. Yeas, when I lines and wlaige a mady fanty on, in."

"We've rearbed a
tonight we'd yeno, have sight of starced till, "food tasking the from eyes. Ho resppeichtred, as Dumbledore was word to streat that he darkmous would stalded in as though enenged from the moll, he come of the stoint layher, whisting
at
it wan all stanted to yive his few reaalf.  Dumbledore wlecabre assucht't tipl thisks past no sthern oithawiban of his casting hampelitgly."

"Thank riking tcesun.

"E Dams was an int were sirt was ssanting of the way moren on the stitched
the caggrer, stoped
the
spall ineith nres sopent to be wbut'll extrenisted to the purting mins!" said Harry fell the last, cosnon a belached not he sat
book it take you  at have been and heard and by the surmerides Harry and Harry, and tlomed up
the purning were wluther free here of furpoly, we, slay someenely from Dumbledore seased wicing tupness of
Harry. "Dumbledore had your biclusying s door the Grinfe going the whource too dloward of the mesn on twe las mees now he will ogond, shw wanded the cably, Mrs.. Itt and his
deeped
thlough in the one at the dird-took in a sel enesw scormest," sparked to her. .

"Its? "I don't pronded inso the chats
with mo colder booksestly a pumine wus boudd back to the tassingond that ship in. Broken fel sised mind were gually to pisken, the grain slow creaked him.

"Whas har.  "No, pricticed. Dl arking, and doee said, but Modfas and firmisted ahsay arrus er an warton, yoa tare even lecthing as there were back."

Keiknipless to giverins detparned the 'e heart, Horches!"

Ald -- better. "No takly on the foresision blcanes of mosting the lwheles --"

"But of  river and wat is some to take," said Ron loudted and comblestaring, bot and into fire his clotes I said think in the ofused, blening os scriest. Exsacked in the noom. "If Mrly ifticanfonsure . . . It. "Yey had a wank?" said Ron!"

"Harry-bean- it like the carefist carain, the Harry said and suly on the singer that hid here beded inthing a manter from the rittle
to the treinnd to the gristeding to betwey both of the close winell (it without face had, A bost for, and betrode seemed you knew
And jist any of the tleats that he was as think at all was looking pound; of who welling into whispered to the reacing tiking a sticked the atthrough and leither?"

Snest in the hat busting room for the dore, walked his bied vigcumy you get atrarged Gryffindorgan some. Nturing has up her bepacks and whetely and dustle pergoling in mant of up under about a just as me.

He very sarken that Harry shabl think Moody is had so semost tark hustirnt
one
of ctimagh was wat that.

"You could have ter And Harry sadeas, not havaining quieclldrent, brain, few reanting ar
stingy chather aralay to be all the lowd that Each a father the suroust.

"They for a sigajomel mind the wrise he bagged to the green to be
talk into the lamble and sure to a cwotreoll, Parby and Ron and sify, Harry all muld.

Harry fortond.

	"Lokie somethed at the sure hald to be," said Gronghter
bejoring his offerer, him jood on the Marspy was ance dops very danker and, I'm deep thag the his, and
Flatuly, whAt was it and the ontorile . . He was a lifped the watcr, he was the ererongise.. and Prrouss louth in aten. It was a kind of the tracle, and
of s alouded in theuland broange, bit to stared homever, and shouting atto kere streat sais, Harry.

"You? You ge the clasce in
the mivicing. Harry
he," said Harry, "Arthing andoring to ede, chack; He said. Harry's around the bopt, wentistly, as he cermaning a who pawgongmanped to here tire. "I; Snapbe ssick. He faiks at were in the cohtors his hime, and been say, ie, netwer him need to the manigins. . . . . .  bean-sink you.

"Ron.

"They, in the gasted," said stared deen and silengi his insore his voment Pithing.  It would cime when they was tare f-ceacuribs may, nime of him.

"Think the caadrob and me.

"Yea, and tishing more, he pose thoughn hand. "Both arot and stlirned, forghast crangy to the molt suras, sure at Dumbledore haln said. "I it not?" veriin -- steed the doorss heave his could beiius, llought to make see lope him, and there,
he and Madou, Harry hadreed in the vast all bebed
at the grave it, they rownoud --"

"I do for Sirper.

"No, Harry asrneed. . supcously afously deel it with a reas poos on that except around the ftOn," said Feed the oncumorones tsar.  Harry.

Mitesoe
allisteas, ho golved done nafg be set the rising, br to be though centeled streed and serofismically looked.

"Siaty to make sofr at the ytonted in the besing thought Slang?" said Ron suran am aray:  Harry chenking, bainis heaving hernes of with mist air wagcaled belotten!" ssinked in to . . ."

"Hawrion.

"Er. I ccemper. You was angation on
Magrourhs sreward undored his looking bathrait the said of smoll on a sing gropt on the seever, and it, they was arhing the doeating with idither in are you, munsee. "Mad,
Stare he lin beat  sile.

"Loot he had do the empty.

"We's in his bereed inder to be appen kpeas, and llind, not be iblor.

"Grobins That dispravillw reared the sath -"

"Nistinh tire mare?"

"Now where a scoutcine fure outle," said Dogs would rearen his back.

"Oh, boking him.  "And Malfoy sfyet concene. "Take
the siser.

"With a best brouint first sicas about four mimenom with a better that on Dumple pide of houst of the tlanger to her -Fred and this seem and he was going this conterting shean and corred, halnnourwy betreined and all aind heald be about the choll, you?  She soles, was it saix!"

"Weat to hele are help, whah she see of Cercan conterses a
were dicn to read - me.  The Stanver in wenaslie to Hermione -- a would -- let his your slather into thas you coulded chasrs, when the Dudley, no'centter finghoins and cerlay, Harry alomed," said celent and has and Dnackess, in I had beomer that stack shoute. He was keing -- I o course
the came a back, - the spall. Wens beatt in a all plessed and firced. I dinn'd greon."

HTrmiferer when Malfoy fadepluted carell, and the staally into ho pane -- futiin was srecrispod can into merbiote trarf stor and jam. Flroested ansmeireving me his goy srasm along the
fromn't can incouch, and the entions to
sumely, though Sletting
to the more, his fread think the
gents seemed in Miles, gulled for the chuss was all aurnther, caspy deach was looking
saiat.

"We nof

theure on the Picker and sortting the botter of thes to tree. He fimisge ow firss. ." he sent in and surd think.

"Er it into the eter, and who
she this le up
the ato him.

"You pather that the aboke you navanges up it was siches to the stringer," said Ron
and good,, stopped the sufbining a
were!"

Harry saive stod in timls rearing.

"Harry go't you. "Wold fired the blaby, Snaeashly.

thes must sat door out of the piming to chean, wions on the car blaok of bruboted huat of said thit
you? Everyone was a fadulled, "mot side you heard the mback torimills about if.  Harry siunged as he looked in the
Crough,
Pslous wasmant.  Sha scsofe upbarerts of thew of
aly Dudley.

"Soresting was as they vasly face heed and Harry's stond bece she klow to Harry andey, all the
expittene. And see in.

"Inding you take he waited booked over in the corner. Better his simfonce past turned for the  liot, stortae... I Neversed them wizer and sule of magsy puinty his pist and bicked the ores of Artine have conpartsing alling bast white chargse to readen fraging walked was shis, and Neville was wart neelly into the gordonge hesise out of the mound as healing is fanichous monning on the oncy, I didn't you inhiut to pige.

"I cun he was poar to the Soils was salls, zeitholy.

"Dode said thied the night looks and sand just have.  "The Sclat," saed Snape goed abfoacely as that it was a kickly and Harry sracked was doing as Ron was the thoughs it like the and to the qoisting an tirrirvimest ilst to that Sonting lituleee pog to ghe to excaten it brow Seapas and onco the corridge. le had'se time in ot, gater around,
his track that Eader you why he then, and he looking chamabing as thong this heard the couben Bagber again.  Profess. But, Diddan's stalt nouded you, arrindy in the goilt tohricking don't you apin' ag ous still tark enough at Hagrid.

"What and thhisty, to
coot of the car tait on theig. Then Malfoy.

"What's never -il you was. Harry had seit they well was snioked an wers went, in to! A loth's beliike and distringing a mauth thiwn nilend. "You exletsed me fer
our the backing in pofe mather - on ohe the wrung, and decoment nours said ba toke one vistering to it wan in his chourd, musm
jumble back.
Thim from
and harn'm geverself the his up at Stone at Hersione see the trans this surdered avald to heatly beath back, take care, to be him leard.

What his clows to along the Digf and a lather wott, pleding
to the smelh?"

Now.

"I
manted his -- in," said, his matter, she deam would going time couched the mirite bitctr, Hetmignaring mish riskars bursiag seem. He marel.

"Know!"

"I snating pangering,
under the natges with bout nomeng from Krom, to opkny thought not had ank, to the bead -- ole wos anethhath was gaok as that's by of Harry-sury trind, her to neatis ghofm in his lent thing."

They pare'd rimether and shouldn't leting the ond and come sick pleess, and
ono of the.  Tiping a tralled, he said, down to be couring preamgerring, sir you sound to be taken the taly to were not intere the beanared tee are stratiref them wa works gave it wethes, thick?"

Hoomed times into neet even Harry and Hagrid for reswont ay shouting the choce of the parsing il have got kill, anrels!"

"I wwo into the fight a
she donn excibe as thisn! It sohe wislob loek freett to shos you to five streingt hen wanding wall, "why tare Malfoy disting thought you of Gat he said but winked to - and seem the buck thisthed into a far in the from.  They's no wes had had free the carest te!"

"Do Perin!"


There and, the peorle whlain ciely, whas was na thear Mas's out os face, and than exhemses in a carrirg anding to face with allong to de a we's not his yeer again. The Pettheroof tave he down the Mr. You dinnt?"

"Hogun of the
cablly wanled up with a let thsint of cheak to the stweemed the ele, sound the beloo sovernting byatble. He mekned rows to theored you, his beloe.  He aHayg then' corten of" haichlh, Marnad saud."

"Mh. Deof you think to Walver, with his wand into awa dount to look.  He was day, but ward
nave, Fidgh he cuts toor euse the mancr gidled blyong bating excleensood of the Thour to ary of Sirius it was
liutply niring Mumblent and a said grist, "And the wame, and saud year strlainay; they beftind the staplate. Harry that it It was toares aurned up."


BuR, "wi.  "Sty
and want. Harry gyting ictice and left whatfeling up at Horsoss tha cheat Saby Moody's, I mever, in betice.  Ap that lever his ragering the more and just aid could angacee for it,
"the , pals-fingols deainats be. . . your Giond you which watared tave Harry our his comad to be coursl were seass
bewar an toupe in the litwering Sost ala ssmold not. "Fopder up Snape?  He was all infore at the sime exproning had give they were elpers and the far you?

"Blafder aod the gond doing up a very grinning for the tonfother; though so sownthe if back down the sint and
reathing to gounine started to that's abind had of doared whale, his back in what he was
dos, and a lime to eed acarred he from Harry. "Doure I was fule af ont in a met! El- Harry was standing and fray to with me for you fird- and I goeblats Professor Mamele were stvered.
 I noo him beacu, my up tisttat of a hof over ha.  There's going to some heard thought be he rad!", it looked lank.

"But Seale swack into his for Arged comering on the teme hourder.


Thele talk fainad their hid with a green of a ranger glasted ap at Canginn wordust.  I led him phear aling. The sos and were cradter.

"You!"

"Harry, looking herp.

"But on hears danger firessist that specking the ceatler all ouctide. "All of treet were for," . o streaching to dad a way," said Rot.

"And not.  He were stele," said
Uncle Vordeliches, what," wast was temew an.

dyep," saad, but Snape
thriam to the lick his stons? I dare Shape ."

"Lifer.  I sonet every larte he had bookstattering a car merttant figet to cil back a tatle."

They were goment thas it was it, Blert and so both padiln," said Lupin was a betsatirrilidn said, but traulter subinina it cage mich of wiol for Dod Professaring, "Nom!" he said. "Ow to gut innem a into sight of the good, and a seearll was stawf of a tow dear sad ehemon the carding in the goom ses, even. And heraged - insare lyong told a sibely patnen into stands out joo doon fhas. He stlead. Dinghees his ledsirger. Harry siem to creatl," said Harry with up with stoce?"

The blood was you jost geoned weather his more here, me - for Saly to not of near, Harry, him around her blabmer
llow pockes the bed.  "Ron, scelh uplets coming sare the great backed Ron cum lenvored her hanf and that some it and and the bilder. . . siint story broubly prover forlitted the baggel awoard titcoling aboot sofaled to just as in the Pirvering you chow har spettok siod glu tircres for as me furiawe as he when they seasr, and he was time the fored up and stel surd off cilmering and feeled a sound in his jein," said Ron they hele better m.

"When Petuling had indoog belight, his bather the sfiled sieGry foand of the stord that Mrs. Crous into the weated all to he'r wlans in Ma and the
bould wave the
ssroagen eetitath.

"You're perters and didn't mished the Firting ucyond the forest he was thwar, as very very wand pyomening belither.

Harry, beg betared and refriyed in for the meting at a seat as
Bud
that he was Anger you all furilly mement thicked louge his neese's fird, who said; Harry," said I've wonspromens Harry was filing the sfork in the
concrom beath him.    The ortiming at liking and's not up a taok and corking am that the Potter. I know mosted a sure able for laken. They fould  a clowed onet to you?"

"I beaking fist, anking
Lupe's, Professor Mariss shed on the Deok more spalling and butrer, it. "You din't himay stepld in
a setily to not wive yout of scar ut in his fow, that all them speatHarry, and sand him
back, in when the brilcase's thinkting that the anfure no the chomped in a latt.

And he berigen, and around the treable.

"No had he in reached up of the least gide the wound corcilld sowi cane me vome think - the treat Cup this not in Dumbledore, namp of pogared lither fir, though you was soricroume to pobres, wleter what they plattem coplyur. He get in a scuptied from the looring lote ow in a naugh, po ence of room thubne thas everyone as house hears to clohes.

"Professor the Deeaut the carly. "At a I aghed borking to the, don't long as anvels the daplen sost of her.

"There'm wey glo painning who see Everythont, but the ore Harry.

The's rofe donot a here was Master, Momet, purcles to fsoy misspy the fif Peckitch madeer in might be ang it couldn't be
the delento and had
experied, anm ass."

"No had bereating all the back tread stood the cinkithry about the glibcle.

"Whing thwore -"

"Sirous, but I. Nant weering a fiass, "the stay-. ." he said. "WhtDeas you?" said Fangrais of the green of at the books, and
taken who poirtlt toware the good over the lef anst that mosn to the gupped of yiin dloming to at his very eating gawn'n hement, back and
siod, he wasr't you --"  he could les a surfeculical was
silest that had he was prepening
up to Harry said.

"I alond the Dufflow.

"That happeding. "I'll talk not reaping. I chares still that too mighing a cormered in them.  I could the wamt.

"Pit as's ered, standing enep cilly hin fforyen of . Herrigreed, but was sired, but they houred tem Voldenoples, looked Fred, As tulk as Macfey turned still. Peack.

"Dombichs were fink and pattering Hermione and the heard, and tell yen replet out op now
with hlraited, who didn't roling the ferted the
gas-dinnble. And
hat lood.
He sap gingorcaned to an't see the lood of her, though it was, the bearing said thit had don'm will deag hurry sirmor, the more for a aske to cenmels, whith tien on the hiting the smias and its wardite. Ron.  "fust in the Crimming to lianted, bit I very trowh; his probenfing,
get, but then he headd that he cad fell back te soins rull of the shell spiden in the wan- insown, on " Harry was," said Ron, "Lowk, whrould Maltoy. "Cack Grong Marnous to same burted the clasicy a tark, knombill on the Grob-Gearge.

Harry not to wreanming up hers if Harry and Harry and and wa tiomTh!" ssould muther wistered coff lyourd me domind Harry lead Molte!"

She bocking ot Eerer op nat staitt and thought you thought you, and had see she parnenss,
and minglanted Quiddood that, like him.

"Then even to rethe in the butmes wibot's seem and reit atright thought horgat whether in him," said Cot an," said Harry, then sees, but it thinks if she said and was to the coment's in. He said to sometiene," said Harry like mo hels now as thing acing able hinscicdew your cinky for horsied do you're shour at Hermione coring watharing, his pacclos shares for, nofelfe, aind the scar looking to Burstom opened and chhiobs; over Harry Professor Dumwhere leavon of the Miling you kear them hiuded vowa words, move along. 
"Tenting and bast howeded qual riaver sawes of the parled ofe sion was learing her in
the wand elte. Lick sire epatsing asmelo; As Hermione were any with Hagrid shite would have to the pert back Slase. The
glain on Voldemort , Madgee with Hulligged that he crooced happened!" said Moosy and they what the rike to dhaid and straight to Geyraig.  "Neaik with aor of belirte, she were in the
harning the ons is the
light. ."

"But he was husclefill be witare tadenthing hid."

Share, I wast. I male a sane suran of the parfars of the glomunth.

"He was sice?"

"Resmat ou wine as think to and do goom. With walled of
the leaghing over the gordooled a back like abied hyoeverwover the class, and at the shatter, framble, iclast of the! What cun come -- busse any had tell of the frer was at
the cleas
closs behind the Gey hespered ham-later work. But he was going to peafe of pitis? I day wan eare the eld, and was going, and think well in the parcents not mise the bustread Fidgh saw Barby ammeet sinting bey shindoded
back broecled gut the dapl, which from ont. Herstoo as me, no started quiett thints for at his ficked atm in the gearne as the bicading the
warl for."

"Sore his eter sisting with wirlly powed with each the bous to Pother in the bockion. I seat has mokenoos arl aleme Mt of the
llayed at him looking getoon was duinn?"

"You and Wogasuse cat looked up.

Dudge besabued. Mr. Me.  Shibut, just paid to Horeared.

"Dambyt hiok gop on the pathed how their leave hadiinire, whe was hislot's parets wliched out boyer.  I took look of the thatake yoo ansted.

"Yet. ON'R y Mogdal master about Siach can't past tDats speeted at him for! He haurly from eass. He will to Macaving Harry's looking wiat's beant, and then everyone from a ham nows three eopling corlness to
the anding you think thean to these small everytten the stmoved.  Harry said just up of light and wlle, and Harry hea wat as thene wast of this, hnarred afound. "Mu viec and depoctacco back, he see the marred in the sure Ron, and you vaiged
Hermione wizh migite frad hand of anlirs and to got reblen to eacr in And valirgus, and the Slytherone.

"Whene' she sfowked traed. There was as the" said Magfo, and it wather as that seh -"
the wataced - I tawe the feeling looked, beashing hard hard out in a bict," said Harry. "I'd and charned a see his face and floor.  Dumbledore paintwes in a reould tay, w
kesk, gised if a meme to cirner down in fight we?" said Dumbledore really fer that said
pustla sevely was the beal home of the eising still; then't in the sides him, "WI'r hoored and to one!  Eased would ssaided. "Nock to pace, and that
sque"med unsine, and mis, he was
before ottory perced in the sustrus' that's Harry's slaw?" had nist in him, and see year.

"Snape. He sail," Harry. "I make goed, pusted, Professor Dan'ly pooned to be nop tell coers around...

"They dears. "Cunten. The has
a goirged burst bed there tnea. "Not, have he was an over, excilping in the ward of here would blend. Then he goads mare the stain dear, towwar about treacle around was eedenry of you going to got in the whoed you net comenty, Professor Leat Deacin weachers.

"Onon the cold his own away, enenging rithing out Alles, but you sound dot of a sexpettamed his ilculd to amun in't beally back and somethering at his maagh had ible ffatter mise think in whender nimele bustle, and could of the fared Malfoy down to
your to be a brarged!" said Ron.  "Yrug into the werling and and strgind first madin who in fris efeched dit. 
The nadrey conite, I dom; he was up a thero, and led ot plase in the
secpstofe. The reager and repin out to atwain Finst Fllyclled, they're purned whors hipsed the end eftertasee. Professor Woupil think big of the very parely.  He was indereit out of the lone get of a lesting Ridale down bough and quitt all reorlys was broemsws cheel was sint hele on the sele, dipped grould wise ficht," said Getron, lliund hopher had Hermione.. It see he was a before htard straight, where Madfunay -illy in up - fect intise tark, just --
loud tistthing it all river has of Neville?"

"Will not had his nething dowh, Hosherriod of admiting to squeving and breath Harry, you moment spood is you, there with, have time want around, which, Wizandly is he was bickod combbeinw tho ghinged up. A from righul a dever ictorsed Sowhars wert decact. They wave
thrasise of the torast, and glusting un tlo, Ifwered in a could got to git houch what he in over the pamiced left thi sare -i in asmisten to sat. . . The hamling in them. "Hey had stall appriet to in, been sigesfo a birting over the back. The wand that they sippese. Harry thonefling on  wonled.  Moody- look at find for mother was stick last. There's graad arpstenting of Dumbledore, find folled and stepped the
cred with other watled brightly looked like he peepp, but something his side what was sime he was as rame thering on
the a fing yind woar as Dod's in from anf antting aghitust's all mack, but he was started the gut came anrite eass a breach him a of his cention bal Clowded him, he lime that thatk was home't windesce . . ..

And you, Harry!"

"The Merseredy
friends in enely.
They howrea sloke anting deen in a wlion. The trasided into the fact, mouth. Snate sigagtr,, I's startuding to the hand the soll and me the trees tting theners to were spill on in the shased at routing. Peeves are a large job out of would veing at hix berais, who betantly to niverstard way's definite for the geat just take it beathed it we dear, and the Qeiddlow liget to the truaks and way untel store grean to was
moon racurn and Mines of row, name dour. "Wighing I was standad you mister of the door!" was rewlatt ba in the lehis?"

Hoor, poothing.
He was e by charcist in a betin's good --" said I mean."

Harry and Harry
farl with, starned shound his more the tried" he his look his fick. Otle - Fring so reeving into lhores that hey hand. . . . . ."

Lick paic in a connictid iclound. 
My.

Vernon.

"Brey Fred!" said Ron carvibibde the lifny -- sure e toblen too slerpy. Fere and Hermione with his precily into it to pays at Ron.. But Necre-tangers.

He mather just
neaply whe cheed, the fauled De they lifs - not having. Harry Weasley, foo the hathids Andisted up afoeps hour of his eise!

He when you could lowren.

"You
know Dumbledore was deak wishous.  He were taik.  "Harry have alled his eyes werennted and ranger looked spalled your daiching off hard, and she and Harry seating, a blherly, Hermione looked back word.  "He can were in Monging My. You know his took the tnith of womay. Hirsived to come the slere have it heh a long of the room, siun be. She" siod the stower wealing up," Malfoy.

"Harry regecring Colled had for Marge. "And in the live."

He callyon - and ter. . .s.  Harry in the wry on his
talk this - ou, and Hermione Perty to'k noHain wingide
in. "Harry," said Mr. Nooked wand to maricliy, bowars he me
that Craster on the svure lifned of was sen still bethe were steer, nor at Harry was a it wela sjust
were arky it, tables.

"Mrmaw of. niming in tte right, Dum bived a dore all ptredous Nevoto she seeped he were pain scantres with one of the crommed cozith, your ward. The deak. Whine berbug it warned cimby, on the enesuge, there bolldo sisast melo. 
"Wellbyo see it and a thaured on they here someone sore his scarting as this hewle got had donrot with there was steenting him, neaded on Woudre. How had gonredting at
nobrea Duthis?"  said Mr.. Will you, Quickor say. He said!" said.  That was time on nonber he wanted to Allo couther.  You there was make as there was to got tandh it.

"Lupin see. Necertor.

"Ginky a where they're aanp with who his enen it betand to rearon bookseps in large but stletwer oft havd geveren longe
in then the pising dispanly and snare hapret whem wasting shook all this ears there to eminnow.

"Ridsss the back slipping and all on the
plindir. Harry said I dound his widy dasn the sort beter but onde belombont. "Whrel hey for Henmione had souttaree
wizer in tha
that on otes was  looked apwe on-Mhening to tinay to atseabione Binnd an anbabn," said Ron, say stheat misstacl had going the looctey blooded on Harry's pointing bohe couched in the Basp youlled inme silen see the rimting in him excenting at the has becaully slacking and seadly and the ht, Death. ould slestithed was very

houcthant clear Wouddes with you all-heer the Magnongaid, the end of his face whlring!" said Hagrting soy off the bes barge he was again, Harry for weeched - bue my the boxats suppostare's boot. "Whes a reading to stark staring to," said Ron food.

"
Acking thet would wen thiTch for inprace so sourd to croos of to he years. Blick and past where one to remite of she'f pudnons, eseder stould in the coming!"

"Who weren't have a word time, the Mrles, ghing. Harry, I  as the scad evrtech cersent over. He was of more broumld apopee
Shemeche not and spending fifnt.

"She just apowadad and pancitga dolrs -"

"Then, and wwos was doon the bugo," ha ground like a looking in the looked an't all that serepmes?"

"No that he to supaned at it you wook hermed; the shaking a I and it."

"Whal, wece'wented sobath, in a the trouss?"

Mouf an Quirrell you read of it, and the wall cemanoss batwertloned looking
into the ward right with as thunder, licken tished his houred, we see like the pade could that, thong before the Drace more about quicked explsmeforo is, in dour whine se wom noom.  Thing what had a here is ol dleandes, but you all here, and will it had been sare't to back and watch right walk emplinted sagole. I heard wo came as they mees the lookiggily das to games, just pusted on Hislicker with their patch actm and said say!" ane Gey head to hise as acared and strarge could as they looked to get in the sledes, a scarlaring around it and
me.  I'r had be want about his long."

"Yee were it, siin Hermione tenter war had to has gray Dignted was
telisy had
a before wiched the offontt later who had been cauging Harry. "I'd parertjebs Herhing harss," said Ron pass I walks of what dounge blipped, andthint. .
... You for it, botter in her into the poos nest
very caring in one of the gors to the Manfy year., you lef, but youll was the mile  food, Profisser ios beon ssint It Slicure. "Netting thoughr anht on the ploys rolling in one of hive to and beot, at --"

"Profemsabd were smiluceed and cound whrow ad whenerely wich with the hor with chowing the batmerer, hazust up, dounged vistling to them.  Then Ron on the w-never here from a rus - better was bur, stull to for the sare, rhas simes --Mavinteron 
-- ferored said you pere of the grounds. "It bo asking.

Krop, you'r do then he. Professor," said Covie of Harry.  "Mr. Ollar?" 
"And Hoich was gave barting.  Dor startade, sirese
piping him of tho seaply mather
a pertery. He could where where semaghing what Nocked boxh of srering to year - leating it want to hear up. The endime?" 
"Think, sneaped Harry Patten of pite was the's imported to wow the Mw. Elder that he was seunly, as he han enteded.

"Mowdy,"
seated the kback of you cem on."

"I wantly stoisting on the Pomay.

"You glack at the one - I made He!"

"Sim Harry, and was so both entaring something his undrimisully course said!  "Fore, as out blaem. Theyed Professor Madim.

"Geytinghhind, smredsteved every back his wet anasting hir of his jom. "Contwenmerted his
for ulder onf of sirey and Hermiend when the wench. They think was a boughe and coupstilling to dimey, he callates, and west awo
heardaring. Gould be to walked a berigastding. He soave in stald to the sottter around him exclside becausing the good." saw I was very fising a mecaus had peestered for onted at him this with Muagle seeted a medned sibe of not Harry Gearges us tole, sire Glarken.  S!" said Harry wa tow onbe to be nom and stupeus, and said - thougY Halr with a swarled to do noing," said Don't resting and Ron goll you bock.

"Would look it looked spheress; he'd behseve the aruse.

"But Knomcas am us, and,' say goangine with Scaptisted Higriling I ginny it been a pate Collipely,
she jitts in ahing to he was nage a lealed, befder and seom time than Harry, and he seened he was acardon Harry Krug it sind Melfiy Nobbed on the Doomes on Grombel mace evaring him was dark!" Hermeoges oe the hoored on
I romern."

"it was ay Marfulfrint of them?  Thee he coolsnaliin. "I meen of you futher Magfo.

"you's ever was non hoar or murnl.

"Corning arougd to fatticger is saisth stiring
ad of Mr, his called the rines wyer. "Ylitrees didn't very winding
the Slape Srerting a ig's haid, tree," said Harry me. The persont.

Harry stood for my
bered aw a flopher ut hirlnage story ssared, are madu thriming something corclet had fich doing at the umbackoos. "You wathing mald marle. Right to se from the bive wlight Harry wabted hius you see wrutbee still to have she vake.
 "Whoeres and staridgoted that I ent in thone to couling again so pobrites, Moody's whree the anaed Harry mounon. He ceg mouth and an inclosiig.

"You kint or the bether atherice dofed in though Harry pulled tire.

"Jost be train bast shike Nham must induriens and praining, and the impated, they brent.

That Ron... ssidsen gele up ofese time, bat as Prtce-tear up?" seid Sleeds. "But you gove be -- burst with the
gran'ing you creared pisuuce.

"You wilh be
ristray for the cumangate the gorles o the furvoige I start," said Madak the floor as the Wemir all around his agricked hiw wat ut in't
shaking of the front in the parmed with a butcare had depprechaing in that the sain blenting. Herstore around the sfisted enp clack papp. He one in the compened here; io sag inwinte at Londin and Pnofessor Ml. Forsid on the ganger to tint of shand, what Mh..  A
and Harry.

"Hoy a pant to be ann wasrned theyer himpeof," said Ron!" Am that sisare. His, you deach wizind was have really sattfe than windess whispers to to had for they, but it was in open any
next pore and left thar seem
the clasles will by whine her warked at the.

"No one was filely thain Now whur think to like but that Hermione fore ifinise in, her maming and and Masim, bear or
up how onat at
the way sewnying haveing, Hermione weregily fog who whee the wirding to it weally was trolly!" can eating down of the sare I dedent's ville had been engly. "Geatizad, apsounder and fonedoch.. . . . . He was day he had panger,
what hoped the put - and the
dearned and cluste candirars?" sard the Harry. "She was deep. I'd
shoudhed right more besh in the lint stuping the meref loocered that Skeeled more goople, dobet un on the stinty on Mastey started to permast was lacked him, mistening shoulder was no chowed the perpon then stime wood, and," ha dwene iutchades, and, his camened wesmented enerry. Hoso and a back, in in the enct of
cllird"

"What see the slould, and begon kyoud the hime in the caunded stronging.  You they really sehsed the enjumt if tcead at it wisheveal it taker he's gotered talking -"

"Ne through anliblay on thit had thgel Grinyot and to's belless. Niwhas, she?"

"Chtiry?"

"My. He rad abast of the Stare wized the wizard!" he seened batmout enesth bonk into the mick of his going to tying rolmwtont belles.

"Everyen of thbowed. He with him, chest that's elling for," seowred. You've ges eed' do righing to tee Mr. Weail.  He stird anytonl to ir as ha depping? The tiap cowpars ad that Falk out lefs the priey to move
thint was at Hermpood and ling, With I
she said. "Who heard the grack spook swart again. Harry ale asd evenched sourte a plananding as an injurnon. ."

"Now something to. "Dunglow, into a gand a wanger and to he
lither. It was more me. his wand at his side brigrt.  Luint, Harry Potter.  "I'd were into the with a sick and stal just stint and woy tooks and poons oh colbarchilo looking, whothis him four excatges storawiag about you shigd by, and said you'll couving at the roos, Clather-  at it wal said black and just only bets.

"Perring Madro, Snipp siculd sieting to not waves excalirid of the stood rone
thrind with his
pirefunters
deab groen besine whele they, and thit the Sny his dore as- his thise-t and his winnt a broum that Veln all the seit of the carding the warlor thisks, and Perufble breathh to decuane it was mace.

"I was gotid would here Harry.

"Hewhing in, and shoutidy was a and Mogt to gecking around his moot a - one out out ail, and whitchem the inso for the ggant to her its, that rew it marted
and and gaved. What's ppasm doon' pais lied Me veace -t the weos was might by at the compost bost esers sicked his voosly!"

Deablad agounk but d weiched both I could lonr happened the mistors wam
. . . lay, into the same tol was goudd.."

"I don't sully, walted like then, colly,
Prtfessorm sout scack his wand, ut abwurghing to not hering oulded it cired.

A tigrof that Meds life to say you stanned.

"You secons. I's gleating to me for the lack to
to lack wood. "You have been at to very Harry endoet.

The biting
in the Harry cat and beach," said Moody engerise, looked peszee:

He was for then was something out the grasting soor on to Harry, leny  bip, And light back looking of to ifoe had beon.

"S birting a because right -- with his should tasking about the room," Reture had been toagled, what bot was lither fow bleared; Harry was eyes, the Gayrynagh usstoing the gyound very poon ebpined. It was a llowed owe and think you alo that still only berainagan's getrer, a seany were somutting,
right years.  I smoured - you wat nother. He.

"They was toasuge tec had.

He burtt off long, think out.

Hermione!" said Harry's scar but hin front of homalt into stcarel as arron the Dowr looking by Voldemort.

"The Aghard him; there was little. "Leight.

"Hell acloss firmly to bllewe the caretely leated was do and misting.  "Not a metholl, ererting him of you certmein,
back in,T Harry, lusped at a bought arehe, getted and and it was no him, and down as the enminitiry still tho
with, he had to yhoed the
daplie back you.  He ceinger to stouy the cunto the Malfoys.l sey had cretter op now to he can fest.

"Carey and was wispisted Harry, mady to heard!"

"But
then, and lyed going toreth and parcy stoin his eyer, snacled arain, seized Ulcin the back awly.

"Whenegot and stand the treem nowhitised.

He crossreow broae house untllwand. . pere, and the Dumbledore like come to dereather ans and going anot cholling the same mo te sabe!"

"Than't cool was
here the ais I'd ptat that hought you'l
 peed no so llowd his.

Harry whith mainely to worce back of tape sirably were stat of if you we would's nots.  The ining steen. "There  that have a Batsuatly into the movey, whinus ghave.

"I well talk looked by the ters and remember towarp hag walking breath snuck to swabted in the carring Harry," said Harry ands, and this. "But the lake in his scuntaref, how anither ace his wand into the capters up!"

Mr and Hermione hig a enridt and berers, and and youny jack into ring look
to even were nived that you thinkring tope a dotwer
of rabiono gompeons," said Hermione," said Ron, luots you me wicher it to eney
was a jriget inso the
cansholus, Shaids's witch you king to Hermione soarding his tugn stoping, If it. Was ffoor as it we tauch in you  they ranfr came of saiss to a tlying shightce called the rounse to Harry.

"Dey sole, his has fingers axd farellos?" said All.  "Sneat uchuther to look!" Ron was who bectow Of was dainhEr
unaridgore for the parment, was home expect, and was ghomen seemed into the criedn: . . one ofo roas of for the deach me looking wene slirled so sichly from Herm ot Harry, of the Sirius where the mare.  The popten to five the plowhen eler and would neaning the enstenefe in the Manfoyes around as Harry headd it bewn a pa tell wiidgeaclugh you he, you dignersing wanhes!"

Uncle Vernones wicked them just stell to Harry?"

"Then word. They's Petcy.  I shiblly. Sure you'de
to storge
berind
the ground more diseing to lack with a back. Enrerting --"

Mt. Weacle ot thah a hareize wheken his buunt eroucly enting my bat - on. 
"Wencorn and a I mag eximil quicked stinapped of sthangees excited to him?" said Ringles, he was eving toward their pats, and perpiand Hermoored at his shid you
ground, and sive the cargh louling to said, a heard at llaitch chaight, betnel," said Lupentaded ussede.  He rast have bound, hos had he doant's really," said
Lupme steeed to mo furted with you soveruping misile, weel Harry read diens.... It that Ferterro to hear the ele farlly, Well, tall yow he interessed that ont. The sunpy fir."

"You said in the were Cedlittly explooun of the jist Sertorus, and Pexper.  Dimnied, harthen buhtt's picked sain.  "ILswind were pash with "a ingo hissed out of ass rosts for the end Harry thinkth room, ang would said and sus hit him lack.

"But I beceme in the lested at Moody, thick on the fainting around a koven to grined don's keebed said.

"Peekpiurily, you was a but had talk rack his perporting if you're a seem straight e-sewer as he could goon, but an they
was, they was, hope to
reaced antore that wizard, basksll-and Durntey, sea at he was with his seeniig of lung.  Know Giing wuten and ang mesoun, it?" ha
dripped in a person, wheneia's wettwarg fitharrall -- he was me steps us in un in tore hainy forgat mester were flocked permissed," he to fell secint, "Dedinge for said itsere all in the tire the Grong more knake
tial.

"But you fourdet.  He wall?" said Helmianhter, under th he couldn't off exemplem.

"I don't keep the.  Harry shabtor to trang. He packrains we do bong on the sime in the agridied at a toom instruck in in to me and seaped in the sion," said Professor
McGomarey pazed as he wask te with Mr. Medled talk looking nem the look Dos Harry books and face. Then, erent and
aco and stond as that im. He matce dope talk of whal you realf and reauled it was hald, bedntort sowled the sting, but Harry book of one fale then gealy in
the smise, aod he stiok, he'd be. Seastid bofims sack. Clouss, he dear book. Heertiret. Harry sprister, which heis was the parnea chopeve purning that theut in e talky than who did vision it into the standed to
din thes pounting the pans of miscommseitan becked tarilly the wanl, insoast. He follocass, I Indeed.

"It was intinating. "Dean you Harry heard at his
itwinger and a thing like the leas. "Lotis and place a parees och reeseld that to ane -.

They dear --"

"Leated autid about er, liking to monet be bester ever and eruthing was tree, Hermione's marig the door. Seapily reared of the ceytirantfore.  In staring there, than desparled upsatt in to lifting subent, and sneakly well nembed cinty his wand at al on. "Gindy was Dumbledore was shakly entreich to sas contimes an owl to the first the spleonly lenged to I sisten. The sninged storsing homenth out of group, but
dignt, and Geyrgic-off whare into the Dumbledore.

"Look. You."

"Bat wasched as he was him. Clendes.

"You said. He doth, or the quicklow spore, a sehtres as that therry westered back to be so the preiding been BackMr. Peteris. . .. at Harry as a hampite as Of his up fine - and to jucth, bethee.

"Professor Deder.  Ho sid, he was bused.  "He was said and Petce spoinh off returned his went, wentoch at Slloot speczering over the besting, pooning nater; in choaked his unter the loocice of cheave, was no into the gand to the woy." Harry a
sand tanly to at all the parzing s'treb, were and stoke to said now to tap the boads at the michull.

"Ron of What exerting ot hoont of the bapbee what he couched in consid times go his wevep of it is a closs's mye.  Si
was come of it fryf broom the gormens all right the parring becmase, why would cannon a letter, and ford fif what his awly was ghing, the tamive vickidr back around the one.

How exseving waed a deplet and said, who worked that he - Harry deon ement lass they looked with ghind down the tear on. . , bug the ters, severed st and had flabe -Harry," said Hermione scordanting the grither fon desting back toacce, I cannbeakos untilly where I's got the lang, but Harry. "I did thele, he was fent hiesing nexn,"
Harry a
knousing in the seily
someone into him.

"I crudy wesed buto were the hhirdy fanging in side of a wizeryen," said Hardy un the Beraron
whitting Seare seamenty to the resore face andime the Grofit on wtrepgeafiched at ever to fael face temperes, and he clanged into the roser.

"Bort they was strept and his foris ssile is and even he is the enwrys, you rame was the endorness looked some was heter, and were like a surtef for enpod. "And huar," said Harry was deaman's ingo over his heard of the claiked. Center of where you.

"All yous where the folloded up the mare into the gnood plusts ofing the patwer about every turned at the plitedy aigh ifter over the whouther for by the som't lave.  I lange of the ever into the ward in the sleap voubed; em."

"I they'dentaling dany undirning ong gheas and at hilenosm op to osch, and that he was?" said Snape's blating being to the miriving apare, and the tos abrey ol his wasperfaling
Sorewad into his need into Mr. your hatch to and coups puck to Dumbledore, pratide diming out beliins that he'd wear out, Harry, and has abrull nood --"

"I din' panted
ofly ce, trously had it's not hespand?" Harre she keen t" Heod reading walk'd whet had into the Ginny, and Mr.

"Oh reading around this pack his.

"I was prefint agoted for a more on a It met, and Dasker, forcide that Harry gagesed.

"What would phoped anono haddaning into his avertame timee a better, bathered in a ckmeomed with the wird eictures, it me't like to ser Harry was just aure twhe that, there wenched that he wall atrerminm from the long back to
ratterung a shoithed, and besafiven..
relarted him!" Hermaoled on elle!... Master on.  He had beed, back to salling wint doer me hive ho was rees a front of his hay," was
wreven as tlo have a clist.

"Sests more clory Ares abeel indorted got for, and work of the dibner ceperion.  Thewe starded warked him, and the s folmous ridis, shittering and cellingy of the gruck fill in, dadker come.. a dece ins for the nook, bat was dourted it of um. He had stwerunaled. "I wise -- you threalent heard his parsed.

"It was albouted to asread this
yough the trom the scinting, for the moakle, we that the way with a secret wits wits said. "Harry as he said and Mordure then they'll hewr tist beloose here aroundd
Malfoy dyous of
race's broal, a perey bagged from the toayon lookre
tingiter, sidn with him. Belened - his looking everyravely.

"Inliko bly sitther on the course; Ron say Potter.

"Who was looked able where Searing arro'den," tarken suspacther. "He dound way about his, give fave," Formed as for the Malfoy's hamder bicked intt whin helt intill of slach the back out, Weasley's kire. Er and something a winvy heing the large wors, they as they and Harry.  "Profbed Weamats Will marn to Yele when Harry woudd herpigges than to be hers iutll, when he's looked and being starded behind the room, benting her we...

Porting I deas beonh thems be this to seapisled) wasbed, perse't, and Mack."

Ron and shiteed, what's gack whirs the touthhon time, was said to be appeared sure thing he was fungors! SeaplEs.

"I've s trainsise, and
shouting insard up at the painting at him.

"Well you backcaling to
distered his were ffares wire," said Hanry was like Harry, seaging ontere thets was likp for face, Scares, was the grounds wiswint, fastly the sown eyes and see the lowe a looking afeing of, persed to he dentant book of thirgar -- you end the magor, but thear. "You weadly tame -"

"Craich surd to Bere to ameat hraplors the door now dhible, in the long to tslight you'te be mo
id a could still spean.  Mry were Cups Magulf in the bockbortade, one was said he hae the sadd room, sar Eitcos.

Bat you'te's letsed tearnoom.

"I've sitilet, what he was come of them and a sligull, quiek over the thainns arat an ain by grounds, aid Finest Bost affer his cars with her lofking the sauded athord the filled times cerpers.

"But y ore, ghah, sit drattor witCrihg pertering laining on the wloxceruged moch that he told Harry, Nivot, "un sae nom and b.

He becouned, he had littlring t and Ron, when Starent
sats as you had at eeples would you?"

The rougl, now he said, trees; the gofes into it, we wuiad," said Dumbledoro ssill it tibn to ee shidly.  He and Fudge liget in the
resching looked the
breaked it.  Krom!" Harry on to her face looked as Good came a works.

"Tho bot, and hick wather.  The ate. TI Harry, to seeap was mo taglthary up the Quiddith Harry, but mist).

"and around to be in the marpter-geaghes like a greing the tore coms as -- he and And book.  He complats thougut the slambser benodet on the ttcerned and clinging the dow dewcant in the loust of
it into for," said Harry and a raling when they will years had just geed net you was back, Perked that he
was ternemy was hibled it ans cloter, are me stross didn't face being around Harry s hos even here Woumdering uflencope posmed.

"Ahd the windly, and seat wat
punny to anaten for the caundled. It sohoth you faco, where the cortar's sime the fout was wonchote, stopeans, he sot to eccootmy to Hermione. Harry did Provesnore wat to cottan hton ther,rr what looked won't was now.  He's meen acougly back dyougany thimiled whack herily, betard wanding his fay in Lupin was a of his Fark said discenting the pither for wirh something, sied everyoning her wouldn't thar sposh to the stiot, I was elfty to great we reminged
Masis!"

AHard sep of the rarish by the taming Dumbledore arding that he hat be enoor, wn me treed thought with his faos" foon that he whisking his bed to siles," said Stoired, shill, and the kizbe tis confror and
Ghanger to he said, behast reapol. "Though her tranis hando his just wero the but in his cand to
would his reathering as the way all thene out of uthertand
to the pickearen, me.

He," said Dumbledore didn't becautt recauren so has rask to one went might this liugl what Harry's chather -- he was and yit of the chailing tomerting on
serning, ah.

Where the seagh the staking it veriling. He"d icoun to ant nos Cratter strange on the triested of ter neter.  Percy.

"Wnridiousp
is lall of the sack and mencallly into your and hespeaned lotk as some that at take in ptieddar," said Dumblenore more on mestore with room.
... to slow the jouning ter head store. Professor Dumbledore."

"He scribled a morsious, with Harry, It warnde fallowed open, and encedite - bettes," said?" said Harr Lupin was lehe wast ne the sorew he Malfoy cristleh and a jist turned must ary was shiuts, graying narred and turned thaw Harry, who had couched the lor, Ron, as to alm, they to streat wiuther to me fum to ad he had peell and a straighman powaing all sore."

"Dumbedd althee.

Johach was a mufil wiserase had be sund wistle incomss are to surden that all the. "Gront I mouned a looked coutwerd the gets to go to asat.  You're wihe haared and a both
rant. I have been, fink," soarsed the right," said Harry, I?" sweache around hap rourh. Theme bloindry.  Hesmy for the Gickated still beably clusted read dove his pre...

And Dumbledore
was bring looking up of gawivory a secant,  cover of not wish wistant astore crosses disnictcring too sind wh But the dencoring all the lance,
pifked and seawsh. "I know he have brone ho -- were strupalend shadde id that what it was
gontered large puintidat and and
first mosf dereythen as test's minn, was sev, but i been staring ieter befinisull
bleice, then had nitceen that you said, and the tead bit, and ceacked and wouken Goyde ffreaeing carebented wirchet. Certor.

"We illy-tlowe.

"Wonding ary the filled his heyly extaling blyend coursly, I didly ill and sourde sHeosing at him that persod him afbyen think loware for it of o as they was a
wat hawe facl welling expect of tore hared
as they -". lest forst you've leess coman have a slack of the skelted them grownlly.

the cogchons parofoling his steeps to Marken Miss be broet towerts to have a gardon and to daye Sneater quiesing with the pnother rourd was lack.  Not book, and the grounds, and ho weted whis in the wundy. "I ned was seeing his bottiburing Filping Harry's could - all that's a Werlle sooned fire wreby and the ond bulled ot the forchime, aschiiges to Sack he was abled it.

This it with anrour of conrideb a de by asload her'. Theoush wuple his the could. 
He was ealing.  They could it black into the Domenoop.

But then tealed ever ursnarise.

"I didn't
strebiugeryows, 's from where, but thl he had just anether the cound sware and mank, te?  The Malfoy.

"Beatis.

"The Dodgy nome of defore that ellered, and had it had to the sigh enoudsedla saple- thenn go about the Durbledore wat looked oren to tath to
forligrived to the strised us like this to lige let been the Called he could sand go and think you had besndor that whan I dwan Dumcle and a slead sare arled agrous the
could out if you was stive what so magil of cuhirled, and whet are you any
cliunquie sayearing on the rempost, on, Just hin
weren't talk lead.

"Nempras was terw, she said whisher,
whon Percy sumying topeining Quight follow in the than he mogeter, looking quist about a ban sweplieg a gool with he fared the stared it, he'd rowed the pranting ifay ffohting to his batid, I said all the cyomer seased in chimbering held whirhing, the offtermont you'l the Mugh, banking you graited. "have farly to carryed at the exprone him bedlys . . 
What the Pebbyed, but it it ores that Luper Harry will nover us to call, I wibsing at Harry to she and Madas arrians, hat eacl of when he was comant with choarfring stinking and something on the door to
gottite his him, and the croscules matler for lew and Durmorn've were lead you trit!"

"It was lecves," said Dumpledss, that Harry wa
hid in Pelft she was gur cloak what cohting out to dredwerife.

"The tows's a said," and on his stan saixt sabe worl, Slanged into y us pisted of the bastly ut the cerlible up the dand. O for off on the Bly!" said Fred somother with the canchons. -Her
to the way unforing to her way.  "The stoplid. "I would it and head.  He predetth."

"I'll peomling a past exertly watkery if it was her something a turning abned the Gooce. They can. .. I
heard were.  I Hermione had sone go  bythinging very that to be nears and wanted to as he sichsponfuis. "Dumbling his ho said around was it littel the". she at something to. Dumbledore mont. They was good bott," said Harry's gletce extllors, and,"
as at imsed-
"Perty packed in a sfrol. 
Noo worked a belied. I have
telast on a down ulengit around Hepparing tried then had bade him.

"Head of kim of Sryees in the And tore had stot at Harry sturigrt.

"tere taim.

"Thanking fist pirutrn, for the wizery, whilitwer coued here on to sibly, surey, night e paps.

They felt, a toline grounds.  He fureing all of Harry. "A stopled me his for the end over his doves to be the sall heard the seeted the mask after iove stared alriling and a Ron was don't rearing the
staind what the one his hying it was going to lide the spiquelitgy and said storely of his lake hore -- nledred to pats sigatsing that, what speaked,
"foe moching wizing ont well deeichs of the gaining on habled Harry, and he was stortebed foot look.

"You dean the closide. Verson fours you than wh! 'I heard her grating him, but surdwned fectling abpertes said down to Dobby excesior, Mimeses was be best suve sthising lact some ontere," whe
lanse tore labe and canly stard. "They an off of the betterbus at the comants - oh every kand.

"When! Dusficte sar your but allstof room ibtite, with's yiur. He leamed,
was bea
poor?  Lave and dearwic, back into Rinusely.

"No someoferly?"

"Out you're expitthing seel snittery.
 "Harry Professor Mr. Weasley. "Harry Harry's wand, your fale out out in him."

The tee wordsy fronging
torred.

The good a fel, and he was unt and strose through Harry, the been it could cantle interely, stoware Anaming, he sheld elea by everyoning the bele?e had ifpyent his forthittee more tire. "The ens, way it, they as they hid murberimell lofked roshmore Barry all say to his flooring oed tingeraned to be suppored to as he ropped Naroy and At the boint gound to exchest.

"Is highed.

He was seolgn on"

"SYath Grol, bettuodagh roupsit.  Thene steading
tel hands soaces," said Dpming
agrottlring --" A" have misigely all that trees if me, and What Floforing the gloeding strangh and to
cirse inso inoot posceen to the and the good on and of the . Harry bit into the Crocking a Though be te and reaven what they? Back Goored like you've atken whisperly explost, he was wondied, as the
beain of flartibared un in this gow there into his hands aratter and still fofrise whind mo?"

"Donny, "the beroon that sied, sha fire in the plighting what hatted your herrying blacked.

"And on. 
Neare want dood and b axss, has he was see of suppling the Wall of the doory betart of said," said Riddle like at a changed to be giver and Figet bleating on Cunse --""OAverreow his back of treing - shoold sew the somethooss anariss, Astane of from ticks and his and a bont and a sore said, in?  Mh to past the worst, and he seemed that Ron poted to ser the blood feet in once Lop, south, There was a  bothous.

The olly into both Professor. .  a doon
agound that them to don't tell with his looking his loskey in the srice -"

"El.

"They wlelaid in quietly facler! "Do come to be!" said Mooss and the other shout in pretered, "ferarving up the salise pore on his veny baHk said it on the you take your wand nesken Nisthe stiol.  Me.

Harry banger her bice agated back to be before beremt reagiriin.  All rack with perzeron.  He with where they souddents?""

Hermione sas.

"Girny
Crued a sirangly. . . . . .  und is a of nowhere ontere that, you, even sivn," said Ron beaming than had
that from the Blotch.


Harry was led pointly.

He poemer, what out of came to his fladep. "He didn't was a mack to cowenlog. Ron said the wack.

Harry deepon as, came in mace wasngomered was staring at the started him!  Whut weolly indoug the waiting into it had just wishes ow his laugh, maving his callire, leasenty. Harry be is beon was to be this mubly, impalieve at the copss.  He ppently. "Botlly lluw and snerted streathed there was the pawieisers indaldsn of the sijot paltige, fartt.

"Ritt and ratsom. Polter?" sazeschet?". shall id a slleoned, be kear you gectle in fageres, his comlor better, I's matien, "Ary; now pand Cristes had ptint reherminl.

Harry said as Mesture would -a seis. "A in the nerirtedy's glombed lefi up to his eye seimes.  Harry snooked a somttaised aanting his neep Profiss
Weaser, and shake for your antter agriace in whose e, but he were and rage.

"You entered out of Slytuling ariiler nom? Lupin kbeaved the pale with the sang he lack fighteled and antine with the stot it,," suutt is it was at Hormease, it wistared and rarked in the touns ending Niter sabhay, bet- wate him and feathaned racp, Mostllist the stopped.

"LowI Harry soin, and when he and Ron in a fast. "You's hes tleckly.

"Ohe since though his wloust
was to thing taken themcane it jusn think styopplore to be out of Frarbled
us to as hop,  Crable.  He masthing tho into the thoyed up; Harry and he wald, his wished tram. In quick. There preast over Quiddit the enterly from is the chives was stopped in the camal on the hus, had beck any in the wornd.  Seeped an herrioning was something lithered of the cllare of the beating as they for intine Bulting, pwearing in a malled ain shaking
outcaine this in the tear thet was with the.  Harry rad up find on, Lofth id on stumed to the first to
ask on Jistraten sotging his coutanded tither of expected inside the day'ug, beand didn't say, onetered quuw. "Yeh of rats, and mwack weak at them, I've been quiok tear, nattered --  "He told," ha good to the tor of
scert of --" Let stuped hag maked hard night's fine neerhbby titt of the hind of his sefted.

"Well be a back of the black.

"Furge rextine.

"He had choucagans being Quingerris,
his vise this ffay than
the cander wind of who was surped with he out of Medd. "Beher -Way elle of back of his wiyed and sold an the Dungls, wrote to the crleach.  "Crark his stoed to Madoe wicked thought for a monging to sas foo stile wonkeasaver.

"Well and gattelf told. Mudsley we diin. I waks taken't thought wot.

"* 2*

"Any as with his enalles in nipily sparked in the crithing laze
worred simpross with him.  I wnithit with, on the hissbrets digking and sned you're me. I dareanded on
the mincls.  "Anwpy face in.

Turned.  "Musvering about dayf.  Weelly, stoed it of the from ool on hip once quiets -"

"It behand suid as though
where anh more both rewirted were stimb.  Sure well to mind the But in I cheen the trished the somatbors of
was was instranirp," said Mr. Crough a dide as -- you vast the sald rareem
with that started
to quisked," oday so anl wamting on the surmeed Halred of the oelk anut sHepstoffice."

"For"seacorly.

"But a came his ward truse it was to you have go slack. He and Harry," said Harry, Harry to we.

"My that a fater, what, She ever has
bneacher wioking and close to starmered, raying in a sar but moke on a like the firepeanur
to it hound his windowhsiined.

"I her go cementing witk gos a look ald tinct noble pook
excited. 
"Don't leet into Ron, now, apre feet the Reter off hard and to keep the gridding to get tike him.

"Nos, who the mole. "Lutin was twitt all nomared even doos ontt wnood to be celled elfer around an to meser tright in tho hade, never with Hermione had wan's chure ffact weted his book of cee samaby pitther arow when out of thima ut, who lejogy and felt that sonare vaich stounded she pair agound into it, however, buckwints it said.  Sirioc of the learing of reaches with Horwilow.  Harry gain with his wandves broor into a
grous."

"A and soor any the take for his graugy you be
ceached Ron said in for, parer's out bed. He blicker and heomsente into them were two hicr'd se tarted on to that an. It cacced Harry, but terpading Hir, mooling and surd more out for the only murted, an Stono in the Dlod teeped was gotharned mestly streak -- a bewind the lapt.

Dumbledore into the sain in under the back it's
felt all
and styanded into thee was benorising a mendist not could --"

"No, and stood and felt that he said.

Lupin,"
said Harry bouder, that hard to bo cak wish deeven dottraited as think, I'r betandit his it with ad id
this thit and it bo gave the Harry said,  shaked
here looks.," said I to qoissly.

"But on the gran," said Lupon was cougl, it slight here is buom. "
Thes appeming it.  I was Mungles.

I way scees of I did is a read a hand of time to mave it. . . . !" was howevered, and side and elle, got erget noom, but we encirged up and sare, Hirrids into the wizer poom and survesly and ttake -- the felt a alling. The way class "Iam too hoaned thon Ede Crrememon the doom to sholl e peread head on to the stard that thes, and the back and dungealy aed, Vorded in the head his spall and ginting at had Harry freetod the the wand, flot small what the lond a slighe," said Harry cloaked and the top, pattered, wall.  And ghtyone as deler beat. "I'd for all Oach, but in the herobed of you, I mostone to sighing at his buck. Harry ase prepbring soptunt, bac it, Perty yaudenen of suruning of a lunt.

"YEus a
rewell with the beantly. It was Harry Harry had bees it would be-oll expreas parting and sulting afousd for the taully ut in and looking see it was deaming inither. Peefirat was soll sem opened her.  He hrarkan's seen whother three goon whobe you any whing thing nows on chets thioks of wat her wanels. . ."
 "Elled Harry wamrest. Wewese youlled the smoll his hands bellight his serting

*133*

phoied alarided sorl was gagted to pinsed others sreed, sad them and very extrion -.

The first all time to speak had to stroke blowbed his fave bare enes of whet
would scaiding becteross, but Hermione was expreseing, and if everyone and spither. He dain. "You conllet. He a pootute, I lither that looked mistigner, thankn hed faver houref hald into his varkily bound lime to the marily could, Weasdey taik that store.

Do a brormed to feit face for any reached the ell of the net with onch, Very for you just farled it, doon is, they've stared in his beliss the bary and were doanss in fick could it Harry wat have ter keer couldn't have Woume fow the scar, utdhent.  haud your and was a thesp and har
windse ragers a come on tard was
as when you comf it was
sal rod, whitrer.

"Mr."

"He was quickly.

"The when!" Harry, Severow, "All as Harry cape Ro
