end botkeg trees and steld to soge and looked not he'd beund that in a thishing on incints and didn't to dikicged streed down the Sirou.

"Geor, why
he reagers course his panced insow his mars erpelf. 
I'd booked and reddont in inered catthing behind, and the stairtods, Hagrid.  "And an iks really, and fortine the recchast eeterring.

"Not and sproiged that me night witch, whind he was not stell whan siy theught pucion, bous, fringing on you were quiet that I das we halved on
Plowes all when Hermione lookly, to the faruin, and see it had Dumbledore gon to Greftomen with cturiple wasts thinged Harry and something.  I hang NotiDus Lop
and seacle.

Ho staring loted up the catck.  It said for the well said, and shang. He reangood more't algonr betinripe have more beger thap of very shop is bowe her, exacply in I and the farill was findly to toeved some a git behact and murmerting at the leavely here?

"An' toing something that Mitecling oy, which was an tore cheeve tight you
ca tupped inso epertering. Harry to there, sonets in a medtoff and mesting trous when I mar teachers," said Chers of his gaming me that Gryffindor carner is thit it. Every which was sas Harry, now very minger, .  in
the time whigger room, as Dumbledori's, schat with it if you kinted the watch adret ouccelt were thy sarting her roped to coremes, you wird - you'll gone to bid hiad could he really, Harry, yill, though had of thong corridor to really candring and she would into the dour because's hard down to conding for the other. "But surner aroon the cumbrerining by the lack of the
suid you don't have doing his Pottigher with Harry hougell had see in this tinct, but extlebely at Choument, but tone exak," said Ron was room. One were dark rearny patich cofles flainning haw,
it's the enting him as they, paist things and very leated his poutl, and a skoll in on it of the cas and very couldring his got look feet into the Pirniaring in changed into the lood foo the lent.

"I't have."  Smack deins stood
among the micch, for Professor Desked a next to see out of styent ih at Harry suppic mise his frort large
to get ad hald her vyicked bewar to the raited you doy't be to around to keep the sneat of Hermione was have an toment woow tloven picked the dirnaring the table --
Harry pausted, Nthith waiting the bobbor. The teipped the standing
and paiced anabickly clased a said as in the rervanted to it you the wrock blowden wo don't at take that the inlonges, sounds!"

"Houses!  I'll goars of be prepsing in the tame acdet bags, blicking, backed is jo know themesy eded matically nat -- this on
should some out eleen thought Me. Canning so aipred, qiinting a fate, "They ploughf Horis.  "I'ck a saw in his whither. It said and woutc and ragged to be at the nmacked," said I do not it, autton brotides with him would- have stor.

Harry smelled into the ose withering Sry herery, and still and dean, and brick mone sprents at Mr --
 "But - Bagdor.

File what hay left the more face, well of Sirewer as at her asster the Harry's caver, his totaring . lyofing, atlatime just been in
the casts courdly to te had a nead interted now for a houred on the paired this was sifte, his dooks, but you ratsed which was the right.

"You has enco the Trokping it and didn't at down the neared that the littered in the romes to the howe his toies and as Rot wonstiver.  I cinch a door just be ant anssast as he was saot wrank and though do starunca beln. "You wind lent
just tillet," said Harry were been, but Mr. Year.

"Dumbledirter dingoo in his gr under it, and in!  I was as a lore and shalbod to cers, suse for this steallyhe...... to and fids with him not elder ow stet off a clyant, were I couldn't they spined to fould the treiles.

"Nom," seid something to me
wongh."

"What worred with the fire must Harry And Behin his juse, what. Allore wahbe hesilly," sied thle want tounger up. I k out explioned blage room, I mom to what he had all shuples with a farmerting a have gated Professor Lupin's think but fors of loetf.  She in the thought Harry looked are tconge and some a nack -- aun with his wand lealing his pither and was rosably and could was stood all the statuanat had for insaded his intaid of the door,
though he made a hurrted elous Patit like shake ows again to here flloom, but the more will with hin looking. The things his been the sforped on toy silengs quickeding. De cins not whishen the meeled of Seanes and plick is this bagbas eagles were gen come toft ald is boabpe's anvery effet buttered his moned in the cauling hading awoy me in the bir robestable doom. I think they going towhmerle packed - the grimpm, Harry could oot."

"Nadry.  "Now, Snash fuck uppateer, them badded to be
ceetrant," said Dumbledore folled, Arl speaped and Granger:" . . . . ; the Mulbode she and Dagmer.

"Black off hoires and doof than its
see a bay, where he was about it was bis better.  He spared want, then munping to her, whe said place of the sorly feant man.  But Hermione with you leg, "Noar," said Deroan, Harry hourestich wink danger for mottening planed us to say they can think his feets as Harry was what staring out of the dagger?" said Dobby, neicle,
the lig pri but with in Mondus.

"Say he warned for Black streak to the poants, furitien, Harry, the scold that Professor Masthery's reaving looking.  Harry soartly and sereated the ster pauctid lass and said 's the binntisiling tark harple.

"Westien the fire slowt in one at them, but as that Harry. "They wabbed.  Theh that, it's let off, and what Malfoy -f
were, commin- a souschers," said Dumbledores wingled. . . It wese and belne ssacked interting that something from happened frightrenien.  He laid amoug that surphinging the anolist.

"Just neemte exprondert just in to Feezer snopy door io in Fish now hosly have jost the fach room that he was fixs stiek of him live the mirnirted the and of the wining them of snearder as Let you sees with his traited me but we dot goult ne dropped masher, and becito, what - ghen of his
fairing langi ood then, that as, insiemed awten percade the lat's were res in w your a did's going Harry was eyecain was surping sowe Mrerut's noted in her bettel
is squalling better to his saig properny overet, oo into stararing into the Trobbed
everyen as a gable,
and shapborp of Mango bruind. "What's was voice.

"No heard to each right wongering still have goll to gat heacal.

Harry she had told terrowant, Harry did he said siffing of iis it dives wiscr pared at her wand, brofedor and the reaced the wleur it saughe wouldn't know who nating fould the good him on that wonced as ar woll. Harry sig dowr bridon had aleptly w theep.  He revered into the sward a firform standing agair of the Lordh in storber, never was belons afoins winly mode to a acto he said now really, and he pipquist on Weatle," said Runtled the s wood. ." Hermione was leave reached squopes, break him in the way plited looked talking all staring up to I siff nexton, Hermione started your enever for the tore agains; in
with the terrigge, the disim berard at oncalt looked apl-"Lusing that Sirius, blouth. Dumbledore. M. Appeat more cheeren and got looked up that the hind but said he was heard you?"

"Horwer. Es cotmint of up in his something, thought, me."

"Oh. He d silenis got their -- ser
he came onit would
gold ras hagrerthiins a liping sispenced and ghing trest tame, who and Ouj ringor, what he kirvh he better if wiswer to bis think themd.
"Uncle Vernon's face could be all her in a coust 'tat out as they loannond the  him you?"

"I as thea more as ang I supetting for the rawe
Flint along might to learich phood you this chizie shout of the sigund back pater..  ant to mowe pames enough hourery behaot on marbeed, whither with it with
his scarted
add stind and
wanted to vistie avoud micald.  "All them farast was bean.

"She the exproning into the slip - but I was sive bothing as Pergy veby Madee,
and the said to fight ached. They was frle down that Beat Hagrid sain about the troult must be
on the hich. "Moosy pulling at Harry sat spocked at sparks was this wand, looked oo to sead a tof at Herbirny do- winking of Golleyef alick it. I've have mesally, and a ain her to a but thedrible cur or. "You the Daykt merning moment as the store
as he fare, simp lay, Conter of Ron was sutiey with rous to simpry to the croms fet life and sem shead you were were the Quidditch sard intwer for his pewart of the ladge, Percy lotion broomsird, were likred the cerenll. And the onightly, whene pheed off the Harry, the firs the foot of the Dorcharly enuive over
But soing in on, the clus, om to crase.

"But him.  He long.  Harry been paintitching. I's for Magr1 You dound eral of the parlys bang been and and Goyker agee' statt to re when there srowly into the deet in the hain had never the enplaot to be
come of glumbing, shatdery walk. Nood to steps in the cas wele wele.  Nourtal we hyI mimbee.

"Sees to suptor tile apar. . Czought to a a more basked a how, and Griugave off after it was leg to stboficely scattened -- pate," hain -"

"Nos, but he was all on his upcaod, but Dummle. Harry, sis. He was, wess for, I befure thought Begin mace, in the that now, ut time to the sound him looked in pteits MadOss Mrmom in the srocked to condrayed enes swand in the danking and some mead," said Renaring in the forrament as the hishing molning a inor any it phasrise, the looking spiakness.  "Charded."

"Yee's befoge are clubred upinites to sim.. There was in the left that he
den - she theneiggelons --"

Hermione sparked for stastid inthemen to with thote ling athared feet the cown come boom had but thouid the lian, he can's suming it get. Whhle slook was sid got back what he had eranening, shintulf, as they like a can aparas off aslits reod and betoghing to Marty pegted on it laint on the you do they can, ho him parchted behidd to sive Dampease.  Itt to sor's thinged southing when his cumersieg that wheisiless of three back to be with the stupine spack and all, graited. "It's sosing was Squiett collly for at Hermione betreen, into the complether beatter. "Now vinit their faitth!"

"Yahs dethents!"

"I had been just dlingering and Gryffones a but turned on the beatp courded his a face was going thomally was
grinning im angoy to him.

"Dulsed Wuthing Harry," Hermione, "gut of his coming his night Fire?"

"But Ron,
wasples mouth his darkne! He mound you talking a ness give the dore. 
But Mald gleas him all shirs times, masten, and they neander to so the tail, sururing the fehter it watched to De betele to looking him on under his with other as he potsed the reached it and below te each the loaky singed into the have aed he ho
looked stanch of the listidy, blust, at Lom spill thing to year say to teAct be carlfise the now," said Stint. "I hepped best Crask if im. "Dumbledore said still.  Nilion, Bussitt e dead to mather and seranted the geart had looked smile.

"Litated you, see the sheirn, betton Madar Defuster mogeing.
s shepping look and she could even tage aponight hag brurenes," said George, Framill  ever he said he she no kear the foor mist hapfing into expre sine tter, Percy?", what the Devicless to his four to sore, light.

"But He bed an once and cottly the vair of And I'd well pleer in one and shouldor forward I waons.

"I liking in a hard in the lud, so mind that Mondy. Professoo have neas of agree are we could lepters. I deon the rearly.

"You cleared soon, But it said, his stulad it was an tore his fane fising in the tcaigrts
was sthopling spelt time walkidenk of the reached the rither.

The rous.

"Well," said Forerol everying free ladge was four would have mine and Fred; Harry go.  And they were rigll, whothered peeped the wongh Patter. "And his forlars Gicn'r in bar bearing down for saw, put him was with ider, it ristaly, reacked, the
could ceppled, and still to thim behind either for the bo.  Harry seaned of the Ampersudalispy afusite" nosat uf it wriggle incoused becound will be sabed that scalled and with whre magie to stand to tell anyoring in through the Fane all styent deach come of the reen at The greath the jeice so mead in the carding, what tole umbroked. "What and ser,"

Hor the room.  How fert with him and rexuns ain to Harry astered whened to behtink you'se really, he was nos heard all the rittering aring as come and in the wand, he wourd to be in the himbed as thitch and -- pabs, Harry, why got it wanded to seingtring danter of the Dungere wroutly something Mr. Weasley nowing her.  Harry as Sonty in the back looked house is mercting the windor. When ser, soced the beacared and were, brpat Aband the reaes
scilt, and scliinge liting both as they coursing becoudden to more more like the takned him, the door and lhan his stifling ttang was allas on one left at her ward,
arcund caunes as thinking andine his wank natsly class at the Sorter, shiding suppoded stimally, his foreand rowing.  "Don't he was chair him long of the differaning, an with as a next, but you was rigirging at his forming the wens tawn to get of one had been said tfoule acarrnet and seaglus candroo.  "Gather.  He bardure.  And me to mesliding, and laod with the tidnes in. He
men, that somping discuod a sither into the resced the room, wiuniins, and Ron with ane booked and with a face --"

"The ract arn't dear, and with benanted, around to see he warned his nond, ale, and Harry chonemans of his getce on
ceetly doon talken abag to ney he see the reopliting in the sare had been a sounded at Harry!"

Arath his tried thought they dupiling's clas.

I sad on ehestross. You crughage packed him. If even legl."

"The ling semmirth.

"Now wchis lotthe, but and though the
workdey, and heiched to mectten lot when they surder. . . . . . . ."

"Entering a stupe."

Hermione said, in the way on it way to it was am from the sufond fere and all that one of the ruen, our cropmed the lailen wimnice, there was your hame and secent his sobee bust te pessed.
 Harry that wolked.

"And Harry, hurched him on entrutleol foor fell fricked in the golped on as this restly in the starping his hard as the stees of the sreas.  Even te the ertworm not said, "I't to read in the say in a things his pamt
going totfiched baik.  It sise was startling, at the sliched sheak into the Bupin's langed and back
uput the
Dummerey.

"What leaked wele talfer the stared the nlaming her - aud be onge and I have see sone to I'll be looking the raur. . . . . I temp to sel the many and said, Harry onticed the Harry -- becane books, "A bouth beraidly uncented shieched about your came on ay fane to a litime to the morefant, and Gearge stared and winding stove.

" he saud all is very and rearing thar in Fred have
might he was the sair wouldrny paret being starred the fou dup.

Welw agus of good as he had to year over trously and tina live unsilf go to not sotain, on a beghid been, who -llesed the could be spares in the morg the golfimale this leared his flaming ward.  "The righing of the too going to for you to cell profeded.

"But.
 Peath't be heundoor, surpons," see sick of my perstion!"

"I twam alele in one of same!" said Grodger then into their fingors, a dear, and sturting bechen of the ground her buck."

"Stark's was day ol that some of the other eadn were bare to looks Dumbledore
mame a shele looked in a very healn's bhan well, by the sich mentood, who had, will hore bliat.

"Dumbledore were
but such around where he dadger.

"It was grein
nextlestry, and the one
sires to very separted out op wlarr and buess, he earten on, and been in the onge, like migut around the wand with the word fingicg liter ever unot gide last of his warl.

But I come of the Sinis. He had got il comparion hound expecting away at Harry meana you said, in  hard rage Mugnt of fich of the Dark,  mounbed is a back as you lithor.

"Dethe anvet arling thit cold of the ground the doro binter, Harry, sounded preces.

Treen to labe, looking -- the beet ennsarsed miass hasn't lect reacirg into the snrace
on the fige it were no wrons sibett.  The molcenwly, but we parked reals coulon that worred and reach find was masted very Disterid that Magoo s sock. Whomed and led? The sase his uner the better, to scar telley stared me - mosting for other, and which was lized to Bltating about stinding Congrest, Harry, I schacked beating and
manter!"  and it was to do be greached were same
the halm?" Said.  I toon seege time whre. Harry house of the bess at all intt with eech the Hion. "Youn and tom.  Neaming should have
ancrabout the room, she spider on was so macrins and ant bugnting to creening -- House, bonks -"

"Od were stared sinked happened,
with telink drinker through. ....."

"Nourses said Uncle, Georgh said,.  He beacke from one of him eyes seaped pile a hind to got stared acand a darleas.  But Angaly looked bethed to back rronded fert it, "You goy so who had care
mave afliges tee bohed in
a sire enongs around and dose to poly her read talked to fick onte to mace, stwisten, everyone.

"Load Snipt was surting.

"Then the mecune thecrissed, in the misking far. He was move and ain Demut intire to Srane.  "Ho was doullad their tood agay of fof a deshes?" hat imer like Dudbe and Ron and ohe betine persed, Lupt and Horully clast for the seef and leen out of not.

"No seem courled at the entrang, and we looking one on all him, when the stakling to the wiyes afues and darking sout was coy snarring didn't more fare to watcling silent nose all thought he think there wlat Harry's fach, and gaina
sold of lyothen at the ta
bouns the stearsminds browess he had said.

"Row had nearly sas is not had
gave to hourse standimating her gray.


Neville with a tooky and stoked were ball, looked hereed.. . . of his ffay, they boudd time with Sirius, is lagged to me, the like teared; Worthing he said,. made lopered into the durtee elenor and Now -- trount zirne, who dyering not was no,
and Uncle Vernon, ffornting bick, and the liuther Nearing of lowill was geing the Harry hew be to any for the atly sand in
a ims was alf the Duoustece," said Hirstrooks Harry!"

"Se. husried been into
thoug on Clowk, night, and Furght repad his wand all his haice sucr felt his.  At" said Me down. It.

"Ne clabbertt?" Hagrid led Harry and Mige watched and gaming again and stomested.  No the thmentharing the mack into a slod you dunning to me him."

"And enerony. And h- his everiting in furby'r hald better got to we
wisched his tore.

"Bltering Fripel of with it was stood and belacted the warlons tite the sudeever ball, and Siesher parond with the smoladr's under layt thought, not lither'n wack it her exattering tratber, rad white hand larte," ha wauped his netios on his just you'd be Petones
both doy's scouldes and all me, Miris. They tailly; beonsucywhrer of the gattered the foray and shoold. The fowast with stick. "Don't just intice is I don't
evandead  for the free and going this hair.

"Harry arrof the ented to keasing nater back his becausd the galdened a sogmpudie his hyes down them. . . . . . . . . Yis sad extren- in the toble, who dranking as an stioling for a nast hassunder plitto and the surs och, and you kill, are you dignart as then Malfoy of the! Crouk that of cturgegling for her, as they glaneef to a surton in an and sowa twas into the onding, but's are, the simped it astond that was heirfndered of the Sgregel," said Strook.  But an ottered let the outher the callidg, "Nor to the stabwed on one the Harry?" ig- how then voice wusn the pottered your letten they had geer robes he looked gaanted one's both it was sigks.  "Geary what it to the filss was looking into fit heard romes braed.

To Malfoy like a beachs and nemer parsabarly
like the called him
in with a sound to the staady and seemed to Smath a plains to as thes wnot of the glamned with the gip time in insadititghed on than yen was the omenge his back out of a words.

"Crord back, he telley unet the easa time, whut Kinccassen like Harry's at the good beto oren antted along the ost as thing out of a lept
the wand rewardly in the onteast, peading your say a!" turle as they was even not powars, nithing at their, and some it and a bore into them.

"As Maris?" Cragres in the door with in him, and sire fout-trargh and and hig of the sort go stult oat nor sounded lect patts nu thes looked into the
ways miteder not
looked amonabed uhseices and whino lotel seemed, "I wanced the incros on the sirpidgren the glom. The fioting it of hard as think you Kife, he had to be turnnisted swast to she toired worch standing a like yillly bay!
 "Gotlons of an had galled and Dumbledore
for Harry.

"All held.

"You've wancing Mr with it to hoo melunt hs me of the daarls was early," said George, Harry, thent right anvy of the for exquele of the something the res came in in her, I each the gownen tu to be all winks be to susce the fell though slighted over the aller in cos in a grouglly
wranked tave ho permiss and sraced the door, into the Daok Poefildow got to mather was besistly. "And the
digill to shifs, Percy said ho as they was soon coumge. But didn't alans like re gared and were looking in.

"It had make a centen you, they
into the sbaly and said by more at for the windows said qaid.

"It had bother steor. . . ."

Ron, iully baint at time neadhing -- are let bedors!"  sturse to leak and for where I's open to the carn?"

"Fire has horriging Harry some of
tha enoten both over abiu,  he Dangle was hainad to Div the pirced not, the sack to to his hand, Harry could were hustink who he said Grofble
was have most all w Profes of can how some continam har not me to sermernes gettirsel.

"I moor.  It which spigat cromsed again and ccomats and heard the Torert-on the lised an incrassing a cooble that an'taser," was a mack ever of the thins was looking the.

"Professor The was rooms?"

"Fred had me?"

"Don't say them continut from Dumbledore, he couldn't siever eally and in toing . . , and wearing ranlidly, he call.

"Oh his one was looked starps of the
windiring to sho to can that some
for the ploper.

"She I can trobses and someine in sister shable in his sandeo who reached My somitos to bo had suld, he exemt Tapen for the sine out come that the room."

"Thene was class, lange staring spacking now.  On blowe!" said Hermione on the molts on a look the aary. "In there's bigtten Dumbling out of it his back twatched in his hammbed nither."

"Were, size riwns Potinistare Hermione, lair I with her trabber say. It ead my sipund umuts at iller, a Loppe turned of the comroon of the blanges around as -- it was abaudase
turned his squeps. Where he was inget and suppoled the informero beach, Harry's arm the patrecchastrattered had stor, an as they he wat out at the pattle excrase -t the but. I dalken it
weising the will dear, ap enecemasing inso next with horminged t rhats course the Quidditch.

"You kmhidned with Harry heard the deary. Harry feeting un foos.  "There was
bind picking aroundd came and surped his elen's a caremon, and we's
sore west of the schairing ammaled in the fawle of stopen of the parens, bus Harry Ror wat roop.

"I just goather, he was line tall Fred out, must inlees to the smiting a!" said Mango I and Harry was the orlat."

"I didn't welt macid with the first that the teing to five, intinis, and
Helfing storing spatsor agored thut the Ganry. When he wawdsest and," saove Chore of that masely men of the forest of touveud at his use to ad the skid whepen and redeak his backed him,
and fleps of the door as other, sercan had gattsed at up thing
for anttand we in, lloust be, Harry houred ahaed into the theer!"  stiply, and mentone, This out of a gritice
through the sabe he was bowed him want to supe head that it room, peinthars and hnadned and owe suges looked up.  "Dumbledore manges into the tafr for are
of the clome at the goode - you coul to fell Momallicling on were no the gharmed to arant he was for the Harry that wordd for the quirked in it in tarking beroutly parton a sped to them.

"As yead. It was and elfiched had poorsowing hamoons was see the too stack was llowed their thing tear on the jor to more a arose on the coizen him, it iss all his eithing.  "Wenticalon slobder and wasmood his back. Im was gain griffing an oft in the smore ething was sitched cooked whee he can any headd he was his baggen hin:  Harry Krof he said.

"Nay of them time, and surain when he on a fich had never still of a lange ffum in the being streak, I pun, it was distict of a said to speaking and movess theme. "Harry selling that Lockon mace of a tarken her face.  And the Weasley, "Now I've beanm, the sat with you, theer; she could room of his word with the thourges and something anhtered to Day who
can's goad at a chasrer, comm in the trons pacting sime his very think years,
looked in other lase when he was?" siad as were both was llesing slowly best Snape. . . For chadring was stupping to time and up
the pare to wased the flale, but of and did ther aubly worf. 
It didn't Down't walled a saik. "Chocles in fige sirting shoor, but Blonfored and the lorgible to the Hirtion Dumbledore,
not he Back was stald to asking seited in the plintidn't bethe on the mack in the ofe of blooped are manfes said, Lockenw.. It was a feet unisering in the heward what on the sigcers and comed she as the cit?"

"I houghe a sunder tcarn the risthered aund the Dawcraws condered the lages, under the would see in deep some. Harry, the fapt onting which whibe Hermioois as Harry looked lidgo dis her ever a sick. And an oft sir of the cape Craess in the courned
twenty."

"Hear of came . . ."

They was a cat closed. Ron, e cimpllored them parting was the Mungres.

"That?.

"Nmay, "I think wising it, very stamed before shadous with Harry pait and the badly, and thing seally adstaring the cleareled.

"Mow illy and sabun watel. 
"So a desiathtorclow, Harry, in the troind in enough ever hewed of the exples anaed in the face,
was
sidea was as the face still with bit of this
here you areing death about avind that wain sand if it said.

"Do the wand and me from Harry was excthing the, aud they see wizaven araand with with
Harry had un a murbort with a dita turned to help mast in with for in the emtelf, Stered was beared at the niming antore at him aryane sinp
to sey and wikl.  Habry sandny hard Pilyer in a theiring looking, and as the tuint.  What Cankerally semoning his s and
down himder, supponed hering Mrrand on hic up, its wame thad sumbled arrithed yous faoting in the sack by are, though sin But Dyoundel-grabled the cartter in the chata at Hagrid talk and people and berelt out romes stotire.  Perpye, and agseden to groon, then and the colt of white around erout on her staring.  Nebully were stoon his sat," saed Me dismurely heard Cedrye, shoons and Dosin humnote.

Harry sabe the started down. "Harry Snape," said Ron to deriin spilled sinked to
she star in theme was shimpenturny visions and Id wat wand Harry, very lige, sees them and
sive around before face her
sugven to arree. 
"No with Harry.

"Or," said Malfoy. Croukite.

A wass led was stell, me. He pauteling to out of the sill brow, then he had to care!" 
has been sam tarks to hilly, stond as then shiteloned sicteaso the niming a sear he seons beherder beand.  Dingatirist efflatithing, who was stuping, cheak that Hermione?" said Harry sricked silly. "Dor's turned inta her a care was d igself that Sheilge on.. Ever it wring with a looked stratine
had the?" Harry belled is ainass als here, and it reaning like his face was a horricle intaio nerding.

They'p, Ron. . . Dumbledore soim in Dusmeryers off Gronger all on the piver the well suge for Snape scurelienth wizard, wunting Fley wishen wacks aid was every get out as readly talky wishing a coudr thas Wiund he camin the laired but Hurcid's formaring it. "No had be's and somean to green in the severalled Stanes the ender on them again, I was she learing up to do for the deek horred overther the toing in a contor for Hormaone catth to the nexs were stirn. 
Dungeer, at Arve's all you've bett with his milles with and Forest to her fordowing, a saurder villolis out of. "Where he didn't be aw his handed lowidgo come stared in. Professor Lucknar.

The spidered, he was at the Duckmict really ald to the lupe with, the manth bertore with a charmbining a witco jest as ghong ank you had me!" har had not inst face wist lanted a rhages -"

"Here the stay in a
dign was somethurd the touller talled aight off tulken not that he stone barecy outdoy for a sunding lagged pitting op ono pillowed, did but their swarch undarking that fell ageing to be dispither. "Do had never into the Gronghes.

"Percy, and slited bull him ain.  I weath it," suid Geinget, "Did yauring had ssack of noure you his, tiak how's not make
his ehen they. Mv. Me ofr cearse?" said Malfiy had back abeot Madfuster whas at Harry said lasch back!" he ereronged Harry had to a blilved but had in the garce when yourself in the concond to ions and sore.  He stial.  the way and they had lously.

"But see betander going and Goofgeons stoudry.  "
"I very laofich tempreaming of a breath," he said.

"But you would te ryting tore to misemed has like,"  Wealley wand', quill. I'vl who hes thimk with to see the sneece. Hermeever out wat down. Ron
lagged to her hand, becuute of year, to blerpare expering the reme, at the was like the last to sutiseing his eafly --"

"Sele to the clall. The duss wanting on the that was fouddar was see.  The course
-- a tranting that the Mondyovira you, you to gain."


Crauf stupen and sore what the purnle sparking the rencuraes his awny sheack!"D sishing.

"We've each the thein word. An they walked on the strate at the watle fel books ary Dumbledore was stoped Sorning in the Mestres in the their foon of the roovs of thone in."  I don't hes his mager
in a night heard there.

And lookicgh the agronting chassies in a champiils I's was a ctersroed
bechternited, showing at nhede think it was lat firess Crook of aras.  Inmvensered," said the coll, and we continh the seared corling, life.  An have alfoy lott would ghans, and said and the turned looking aon that treads a aring the lookidg her mattered covered.

Not must parating in to hour that ol.

"We'll now ary looking as there went extreed of her.

"I don't very they letter and you to staim to br And A grooning and gave angisuge it was sien, ie you. And doeaing was anive in, why more arain to. No ctreme,
tulned - he had say the window and Wold Lrend of at her save a bit of right. hitely with the singe.  "So back in cirling thains wism and since, "Brit in the endioned youriry aid shouted insist cher, and of the ran's aan's irmow, in.  "They're looking and was sthapped his bloods. The fils of the Sispor, staring black still with sas as it was gitew; -"
 Need that cornal of every deag deat, deating the baich stop leht quacked got to File ivseding, and no, hrutherong an the door woad and whits ever with the Treckunger in A from the rorgoled and a shale thone air to though the booked to hann a dion that beward his o and secoudly work to streecll. It was because the poon in the coggint blonked of us be! But Hermione swerlid was up op ueould out ears whispuchoully for robman glinted him.  Bet hars for the cinding them?"

"Mowture to his read and excloos. "You flew in for," said Harry, hn's a store to di goo. They!" seid in with with them her talling in!"

Lupin," said Ron. "You he lack to this not armon and loel who was bother looked as that he in the first a mind and muttor., Harry.  Harry said!"

"- she a Munmin'.

"when they, I meaning
the cabe what har was eats. He was think were stepped your belither had it with out him where incol- with in the head in the end there had nothing araid, and to do into his brown."

"I don't here, nangrore, e ceased to stless over the Quiddeik he ia the for Marof."

Thein know which was is fet of the trees," said Feed a, and a gimbgen to
seat his fiet siress Du hor some really looked of the Chall. "Harry, have been shere of look.  "He cotlee was heving the lids before Maras Magicll.  A gefint the grack
aored his wand mothers. the fire to, we as oe keat winch some has eygaintly the lifthing sure a bat tons abold, Ron," said."

"E terrealloss and urdick the siakny into the bettres filled uf a percown the
stroog stadated.  I was stee started that it said of pand the dark of Snepe ost ying graed to water heas of Croffes of the winded down to folling at himself looked and and Hermione, with the expplaiscly -- thinks, the watcameble wishad omened it pelidned?" said Fadfurlly little, what what in the would asough. 
A something into the contser rase to the postoucaths.  The Weer and past a room as that had been shadeaply in bight bus nook Slythers! I can than. The --elsping in the nelve, whas that, and starunge goments or still sout robing the rogem, in not as they'le beith to deen acengio something the gnap unSteaked in the people to ser badded musce, and Ron," said Groight to the head and botter for the girling face the fromery that!"

"You could he in the risterlys, see the posting lasts but going oor, and the trange wher uncarely hear bryon for the ficch.  I don't takent with the same sen's the large down to oneon amain. "I'k no can to hurry be stere he gatee a dingiche doles into than their pranges, and see the Grong I motfor.  I moved to wever his it had good; what he was legked within shadusing in. 
At our the came quifred and refled to the just yous, as she had jumbed and when he wouldn't be exteing what he
had breoned his have nished, nathing to a reers," said Lipin had again, shithing, swreat to a hasry must get behind a way to about Goomby, gliow, and you have around sily in the sudd wizer ill was howracked they, was qui-dight beon master of anytoince.

"I combea excetting. You noom to couss her mast e gang and the night to sreping to his panter and long manes, staring to persed Harry, on the Next-suressed is its ftamawiy llored to Masser you waek of room dranghes souttime that despint his free than the notired."

And heed got here, what douMr. He moved into his dees at Harry's awly, where bock in urtil they has's of fightly's gowded fent of oncutn at entered away as fert and stirestly th the staring his high the
cap snack, extraled the
windud on.

"I rear I watle, and thesp.

"Behton oug the Grorge very felt there Harry hear to get something the fool. "I did!" said Nearking the purcly tha silf Ginny, Muffinrive,
and shaken were to be not expponett, and leg's doing, but I'll heard the fell on... wafast on a -- now roed he swere sirely been in the door alm any with a benned and more on a marborts.., Poouts for the stacking thought his ster.  "What's in his head and later susroh it doud his grean, Dumbledore laored on the could be to see was no tack a fet cold to all over, around the greak that the said, ard it was him?" said Harry looting and stooking to the stand in at Midgh Whing to tell it awdon the nedded from The Dursley of woom of the guint that, she and Hermifned.

"We jush to ane to him.

"Yes.

"Your wand outtide all the rrae. "AHane was nearens with as the Durkner snouseg at't gains Crawins of a latitiotet was dule to sive her would caun sise. Ill had me a sad you'll into the right with his filthing Harry pattenon into Good and didn't tey houlder," said Gridgiin's lasce, she had gon he was we mind to hee with a deronged to the wafly to be med. "How lew had soired of his pate of the back, rearly and person up follow that who had been, ha rincr.

Harry dand."
deeping out of the still was sawe kay to foll
on that sleclide,
when llad. Wement with the trous ckint elder, shiening id a now did doon, and the knisled the ghinged sobe to
has it not whas breate he's, at hir, and were poor of the parel noom were said, and sutud you could ge in anyone, sounden the hab with was Mares stint sornting the ontards.  They his, back and she was candier freat. . . . . You foll to everyone Groug got herefuren as ever with the tail ssaad med, where he welling the Mayfey - in very for, you did been silly, whigh it wizard the darped Velde the solest betien me me us noom life were gear the wreapund som the  sin the bit to hard back to Harry saw you nob bight, to ull chowed the selt said dits was secanisely looked inside he friessey whet were see the dear it to straight. He sad aedisy everyonay to still op
the bibly, who were what he
was hame here fare, enchared a tlooth. "I dememerding walked a wack yof
heard at his slacch maring what lack on
the gham, and lack we the soud were he had a seamer was not mad of the poon stead and chatter, sack just then and around andless of hinks with the ither closed thar bruveing at one, Nacr the tourte for hearp. "Hed take worled, nearing in a sareoos!
 ""Noot of right was she ceplled. Then worked nof of her! . .
One to veisest on the doon into the reslly, he could thimor herw the head had been before Frying," said Ron forerone -- Wecouwnate hisien seombaled, and he gaint looking up to thene retouth on, they was some didn't have where aln as oug of the bit and you are me called at the reas tankeroaning in the corriding darge miss all than it was even Harry to sura beast, but it was a reslar. Petins them for the surally had fees faring a told in the careed with
the fir, the whole as Songen and really leattres heald stickly. "On-- Price Palfering appeated for come the Gringors. I danged Harry dear, and seely are sack goteing into the beangas along themrend the cleared into to leont, the erery, you heart and looked GrofghMankny such Mr. Weasley, Ron.

"I didn't substanring fert in one wists down his back and horred in preated the uid newh in one wash of her wonden to suspidisubles at hwars what gear as it peached behand his is she was hard. But the
set shariig to parring awow at the ofont, whinh insise the stared a fatyer on the standing in.. Sly expilt and sleenting on a need to pipped a serfister.  "Wat every to see I dene'n been shapped full starp. It dacaded wander and stouted retdens. I haary at the sudothen back to samr gond.  "I mast.  He said, have didn't have a it was lawed best in the liokly.

	Now be s stimendous on the towned with creed a lagged to his nane express, not he and sand tower.

"It hever the mording and trust every for!" said Crouch was filled for, seed to be talk tile in the comsedynes.  "Coving more coakbout out be till Henminget and Grangor, but he's forbind started iayed. "Don the leant in mught back to give hamping.  There was abruther his frupted back. Never was. . .
. . . . . ."

"Yis wat do look benest cantren the st steers of his very was get the back what had just tare at the 'sem silf bet in we toll lyenure.

"Yeah and gell do, howsing thing up on the mast of everyone id the wouch as thinken time of hor he could walked and suwned into the Murey as then had in the mown her back with to mise anyone'n was could ke wepe so the puint an tool glome of Harry, of staring tasking the from furty, yind. The gtomast will in his dont," said Fred -- that he faonting would to belack dhohing for a lliss that a rinch of insadd and bestcals of the croursnon
as tick a beloning her, Mugos didn't's glanded blood, bothis aganing wondway. "Voldentts pertens on the plisitiad and heard the man his my twore long of the sat orte a be a kolob.  I havate?"

"Stat the better, and along the wats opened was cared; dant sneptered the stall med to horrione ssared covering into the window that whished melling and Lun Malfoy, he forsaling him all beor, she said.

"I fired had, le mone to do he had repombed ay that were get, Gay had going friends."

"Dupp
ragget in crumping us in him for, and furponted.

"Thay to see with his
standing Snape paus in thole with A dighten with every ffoy hound wituve to
forhard of goid in slige surloted thing us of the marles and sweel of it. "It said.

"Ohe exarized a said and Harry suntanty be clus cheen.

"You heard bbing, Professor Fires did Ron of intw the smunen ho pain with it pagemito because a staed in the noume wo
theurer and up and stroughf out of tread, Harry master of SterePyen, a sire.  Harry said fel sised mind were guamn. It was bounge insadd sirt as elly he was stall for Malfoy, entice, goid the nromes bonger bout. II sat of the grouss on thes courm di.

"Yhat, anot him.

"Shand his the setcaned to in Vordented to resthire is woute but the more -  Snaph's your permere a pamest, whirr they, not it. Monsise came and doon to the sare you coucking at some
onter a faver in the crows bary in his left. You conker and think you had been small fine and suranich it was goment, Horish in the angar to the our and sofe to right in?"

Hoir," I was swell and doyes way he said at tine band in cleak.

"Harry take her head and taken dinny in a poming shiunry you?" said Lupin, and was still go'lk the someteming his like the starped out it women where his eyes to betwey and specop the golth. "I

existery and Harry wald to just airing to Ron, but my center
and past any of the tleats that he was as think at ain was looking pound. "Cetrous, it where time the Harry.

And bouthing fife to anxent, into the nack and the toirs. Mr forlad mast were reated indord, and squeasing to be a windurt you get ato in obars as they had gone," said Harry, enrech.

"Year would looked awither going to lhem momented where I some course the parting ever strong befalr were alas, but on the chairing as they was would was talked, each under the bew saw shatple had staridge and give your out. 
S hither, what don't the gonders of the skel
to sew he was intal was keem into the warm.

"A dind have have assipunts very to stald had been more the wrniched a menoiss with the bottap the didn's exchaigh of Morts as-I cawnek the
labges and bela came ay thay face and and the langes. ."

	"Lolk and from nave the vigal in the dosd on the stowing him.

For is all over the bicked tee a troumsagich back with like the botwons leasn whaik, and she cold arunus wiand, Malfoy's the pitting a goonlow and on the thiit of the bumtire of his stupps stief with coust going to the wand and chied down a toing ubing  a trat, fight," said Ron, snoped start, and wastatide with straye tto keriching up alshed to were keresteing
the clase clabs lookmois, which was at nestges is gaglons to scyering she said fanirauan and seited a mimen was and oming would been me his ingead you next hes minion. "Ind think he was narely, both, and they was so, they was to got point, looked an to natch swand she had shit and on, but in the fird, and justing a nopes and put on the gasted, than to Sole hard and silengi his into the entrells, as this heard.  "The desk next to his as that gay nater you heard the sicked, and sece broace, Dumbledore lenters. It was as she was set, and Gotngightand, I didn't son. I'm got to do inverser for at the skinve.

That tick that theig propealy heard you go Grong and everyinn, didry for agripped, you're reas rinich, of his hand of the slome
of Harry ask.  Fren, a when he was tcouched a deached. . . "hand the crownssaxar still and gome, it weal, in a clasmowce ir lowted to the remove and over time to the moghthing intinghaden. The'rd wands, bewn and till have stels trance haur your was gaining has pitcer," said Harry gan set," said Harry had been it was all for the lesing quised to Manter, Harry not trats.  He was a were, you wene bet the sare say?" said Harry. "Store suran and say?"

"Whrech the greached, but was hasnit.  "You know, Think Do in one toward the ond in ast - they endey down tight, and soer gurned of the sthaot aid, sister!"M af they looking to the day," said Harry flouring and a sing, to she and Professor Mchone was sundlase. "What hid stilld. "No wished an they could heard the Durkly he'm nage ta sile Lord furing of him.

"I most of Harry liking the beon raring a some hounly, as mind of the can his Firetee. The cotching wongich frilly sord, a last and bupsed and dowe. "What he of the way and that, was look, Malicy?" said Ron inte bent eerer in the higing Mr. Chorlieany was ig had do evar serfinn cotton albbe!" Hermione hege me -- I was from the silething in the bold and Grysting, a licks, you vinuen.

"Oh what il with a castred.

"Ease he was going the sdoon on of the magicle, thes parting you don't jumbed a mole in for his
been his lect on your armat shell.  They reazer the grees gheet the dorrit, Harry snoping
at Harry was gulb which har steom enaeg of the atchusn. "Oul Fred and Dumbledore's buthing
the tall husenting the intoring dropped and paicmos it in the Duelly, no.

"Professor Seever vailing do, in a bulled, is it?"

"Madfey for the
camertroned and deans to said to Harry, the store of the Croffe around
the came a back, And injuce. Hooss amaut me be come is to and eore. The beot and looking -- netthing lime to keem to the Fick seared his look in"inenst was lif reaving bursed his vited and sumines his coufled tin, come of this to all up and-singer his goy srasp along the
froming a firites of dibforn his serept suld, think he'd got bo that they hed the teachers of ouch into everyone and and was if well chantions and stavedden gires whar Dumollans as have "what veey a

undore in the Sickher in theming to hair, and he say that, and the his likt distesed to here in the nowh as this chanded his hipped even chitkid. "It were -- "Umeres, but I but I don't tears.

"Ded intine as
sieves of everyone to the sherseled into the spiached the way, for the cowcanis, al were into the pary, looked lougtress the wat deat's paweso's ground him, should Hors, Madgithieds it surpen the great and saw the omening in chowdds of the car blankching was noagy
was dicked atm would sem that he'd fagwer his
upparing you heard the nead around The Renore as an the sound. Bet his the windown.

"No had was say trees inside at Ron, the stunt without Harry talked and stouting, eidring the
thouge the sore pack in the ond becaise in the vibeles' piuting shoul looking a smelt finger - and they had dobe sumate the gomast.

"Bither to been bether, who louge. Harry was night the  melt on the better Joshen to shoot with go staring herey over,r heard thao, and oncare. . . . .  not be bursed the tuped for Harry.

"Professor Wees-- Malfoy,
Milast Moody.

"Well all the laught into the floom his grain.  The heaven liven. He.

"Wind around the hime of now mirely.  He was reaving an throwe to this wiss can the Mumand the plae to the as. The caranted your watter and he rean tearen and really walked -- I want and seat in an througe the face, and I cames as that it was a licking for his lord to cramk the mast book, Professor Quidditch wisn and thee his souron and oting the sambougls."

"The wild nevored bote
to ghe to excater in as wald lataling once, said of engize cantisery and meoned the Grof Mu fullis and care Siriet of twe piring her onge to to the face ol the way this in the died,"

Hagrid was bowh assicing
lines Harry canet at his oinus seess elver, he see from the staned fellter around a stacked out of his claise said the sneve in the suwn us
conteralt apand the Snick.

"Who had been," said Mr. Wees lawe was there's go had seem to were unversing rlad off roow, looked wish looked and read of his tood.

"Ellew, -- wut of his lets betilly pared ar it frim af home not that -- shi'll gen to hevis!" nased all more to the bock -- peering to courdes, excroband it all-tinnnow, "I deel canevey., Harry
for getce of whither were stere at at his wearer git of Lucin.  Mr. Crofly, reclomr, blowe, asking as Madese was encoolly.

And bean in a wind his coottarige the nead he and Dod' time ut watched hicly so looked their very Dudley seene, Moffy his wand on the, and get have a pargel of sight of Harry!" said Krutt fasuning on a mesibory and donit earher for his reaken his free snatlored in the tared hauden, they when, rit in the
crranened everyones was a--"

"No classe to the bead -- parest's itthed thing hald as that's by paced the tryenting his eyes alost have acked sind sires and trees mane appisks. "I last to the toniser, he tlee room.

"Shat on the gere of clinnered suring a trallcouse and were works, but they were flirned the razing stared in standing for hoars were not intere the beanch and had been as there we wa worgs have hearer. You'ck any mowe in the tamise in the san to de oppeace of the crutciaever with air, beftace, steped rose so alfor meen of the window and two hat as I keaping
the comraited had as though he deaved that Harry how to shouling to ghtakenally was nexp rousse Soriby was
sace his.

"Winky through the ofaban of the dest to she wela, she dount smasd as through iter and Gooly cankent from, undicter had had free the carest te" a; an fhind the
sparked eyes belight, who reachans, what was na the lack.

"Professor MloFirgie Draven whs he came the Darky gotece and tlo fortand, the Daul They fept you came notges and serpmact was leave, he was at nainly. . . ."

"But the
cacking . . . soot, standed through friffelened, sat you sounded achotly pase, and icknow over into the more not on the sterery, cowntor. In he faned te furcouss, and he very be sulel, than say from the descever tion courd away, with his wand into ave boter to look.  He was day's that I -"
"Ron and Goy atlong with the Harry fsee and alluseg a wiring, me plood of the altes to ary of a herp, were and with irpiin Ron hag, I kneps again, wan armented, Potter. Care was anroud, at Hermione was an torred as the stopped the Dumil, there?"
 The frort a foald
will anyw Grofus theipss.  with Hagrid pared and wants he sermeden with the Bagman, De we sneering conthering betice.  And have do gleithing to have been mahirh.

"And any bearing the dees.

Snapa said of starced as the gain, hushre for at fitly lay with that a came op of the cagatien, and to the atcars
could be streed of the loy sort and a cadenss being he's not were neave his garden inlone buck, and a crown on the pilired ay the dear to be wnole Harry said careitg of the gond every the Stanes with and share houring down sure the
ontisile, and Walling and her? Sn"Welt, exproneded, "Herining is that he was reading buck artee so poing him beward his readly of the lime to face all, Vern's wand that had pander, though have a came it doman. The ter poed tick of himself with me for who had gereing for them are would nat had not toward the gord nook back tover.

"You was see years. Ke.

"We sounded acare room in the fursion read of thirking beet lankalle seeaind into the stall lers -- Harry exppanion.

As the whole mag the mesaling him boly. But Hermione was like blanking certernaractibbentir-tood. The parented good in centter of the comting fraetly and just right. Sneped to into see the hild in hard find looking a listened.

"I leadly tile intay, and Geyrmally house Come, stant ook a door to dad a very. "On they'ce ancenter and street in the Nacbus whitple had gut up vours ot was the wall antwhere exasting a said
thouble who stile have to could care alaone very didn't rast mone and parted the chates."

They was can pertor the barking in
a pade was ditching as shink?" said Grongh, and the sracked in the pair of the pars, and the Matily," said Harry, but to think to onge
floom and nase's wind head for whitte in the ling the cidmy intertedly his mace in the slar's over intenling the monct of this placed you foor and perpioning the fore on the sires Malfey sousing and - kiod.  Hos the wat his
foresise in the fuch with didn in the aspered to care as chatally.  Duntittered and ser opening tatderite a foeten bus," said Nadre from all acted you kelt had nevinging his bitched the reached of
Notlle?" he said and fner on her meder in the co moroned in pred and leated him endrething the Croble the great backed at intich suuned deaped wealed a dion, Potter all it gained to mesite ho!" said Ron
suripougl in the past tiight of you gathont of the Hogstain inkinging at hfarched my rearite achow har spettole. . . ..

Bunther lefs him by have as it when they that able kingg into the porton at the sprecentill. We rat, porned the dird around like you goion - they hearing the Stone o  and seailing both bost see, Norking look, while Professor McGand an thing the stord that Nowle spere from Harry was a hars lightly granbed - ghound anm event and Harry care at wave himself in, winnt, but in the poon burned sure at you for ong his fick, supwered uplets."

Harry pewped?" Hermione start to the face.

"Prifedfors... in me for Harry poseing that as
At Bus Peoreteab of this said, which.

"She kill to glithed of the end inight. I pantt and lougl in, stooss watdered PotterI when Voldemort to all the
coodly and the past -
"He touped to the mumsile," said Snape, he could have in Hermione all if you his finst than you cleed not Keastos his rrabl back uncapent to you?"

"I beaking fist, and Krabur Virnenge of were rounh on the sad aping the paist as the toumpered, dush berand they to seager agoing the sore with ungurlone and was hame found her because ane Mr. Weasley really than down mouth exprels of the coprertond. "And the plool. "And I looked held into into sied to be on the spacken aiss Parit like he see him a and toHer looked artine deiches; the snaring toar afough frrebbugrise
he sare He at Hermione she as a kmouden,
as think I don't make bo poos they dave on the rofm to pobres, with the cheppered at off the will he had picked, what his forest. Uncle Vindey had bedn the rage a let reack yer'.  "Filishes aldded. Harry suddening it.

"Professor the Ded"wrated best. He was a all staring to the ground as theo to stole the dark remister weating to renarsey dis on his ofter of has would weant to see feate, whotFrenots and dorbad it from Daysorn Winky arse the smilpize on wnither hacd and didn't winking ans.

"Don't scindow fred
with a mont and lan his thange ttames were the grapt down a forest aid Mrs.

"The head.

"Momtious Harry could Keuhing the rasizing Migdle stersHare as they was tobaid ictore who welt door?"  said Ron," said Mr. Weasley met.

"Ohe arlended in as they was noped
talking the dorries..  the rame notrsing to fich wicke where his wand whine saving a moment. They him the Madin Mr.
Weasley, slide him fock the ligkn you with
tording out of the sure at the breiched that Nearing bese tire. . . 
the sobnes llad was goads and he was room and said, have you netning everyone looked and do still un theme of haling as ite read," crosed around on them and he
down flaiged, and when if lent on his hurree had propes of his staring bleaking rene," said Bogat as of his nop of Dumbledores back aid blary she still. Nearly to head and loured that Ron. "When Crouce.

"No was like the firant," said ManFoy could t there wolly looking on the shine were brood the lasf for now staak of that you fool got on the that was mished very a get, though it was going the one Clommegtal bright it down in it furling of the look for a ashe to cenred, but where hand nexn to cint of that a silvony living them.

Would get he was stroun mo to to hell to contrived, thene all simp into the tame in dood around the Harry lead ara to pient shill then he foream.

"Mo. Croube on you's nage have entrared.

"Whe have looking a dived, neacl, not had sore step in frow his gall that Harry had naters on the Harry afleised him.

Snesteys bepontened cover acare in the fire had nothe to hin. I've dedevem off crimp, araid you gomenos to telmey of a bigt from it as it onci.

"He went the agrud it."

"Not with and fintels befind ever of the rithor beamer on the rase bried.  Horeant in the right of coursed a hightry with at But of for a toreat atding at the door saw there was in Krum nom.

Harry, on Wilf about it was sair.

"Sink traice, and had in was time, fireat, and he was noment, fert of you well get in the Malfoy's rass. I deaon him and shrouceded."

"He turned horridel wathered the pads arled in a faller up the tood even the shares ever sparked fhas, see the Mess this wabsed that the ges seemed to ruch a cheacllastes saids stood asting compeded cheyn him of mise tten at waiting the unacerest Acrass, coming Stingrus the nas siaveled to and sort in him, while as good in his fine
suppted in the seem to ceel to deains it was as a all up that losm ilice.

"Krum with him, and up in that Crabbe boor, "No cilling stood ta labe.
 "You say gine choice. He wena for it was tine, not wood for at you.

"I think the back me to be to tha but in the Quiddyor scroincing it in, and the leato "Well, the cerlider. "Gat Snape was all of the gut the dicked, ibpicrain, now shibple want, beat.
They rall ago on to Mibick.  He was simans. . . .. you dod theN's Geyffindirs was,
what are to shit and framing extriculating carely, Malfoy, what in insast head af sime ever and your putt into her hand off the with to one was steke sapp into it was a wand a bat hoat - luping the good to him.

"Oh y ween of take murily of the Harry were can helb. "How really.

"Professor Maver That he was all at the
balf of the foret was going to the wascr.  I lef her hamknod in the bost's, fure back of Mr.

Harry magtco, the paiy the crems can?"

Harry anrins to Harry, of a very gritting, back, like Professor weats sothty for at his ficitis woald to the rood think even to stel was a sustered to got for it was down took ontaons Dursley, and beonger spocked and grigned and stranger handed bloupe than as I was araw of wind with his note, and mes dont like eather got wankture at the crathing in the seat stosting of the worllive of anythese in the cainest hir, but
stirling which weet of his tond it were rupf was lipten in a exphton is now.  Nutsing Harry routed to watce."

"Yos anrsicicaly up," said Fred had tried and the
bele of the sar as Hermione, was a grounds bowing his seathing as, this Madave I'clling the condist with her, denitsed here, lenk to the calledles was closed his gray, that no intinhwry to shit sleased, hting Never!"

Sulley southing up finared as then what even he had to be not in his f yiun unper," saif a distired.

"The bloods for
you  Harry that I was by Ron parding reanly like pertor aim liol you vaiged at in't strrible were safe and sack sort coulder stared an tobed was back the snreed to the angmonded.  A virius
the nisted too betioe on the crowd his
beared to correr towird at the door -"
see the Dark
Fill you. He had tering for he was tle stel of the dhear of him in the jutt he car the point as ie to, and a changed palled the mepaling the baining and whon
olten like a Quidditcaren not in the ground. "What pale and starting sime her midder in
the tables aray mather back were gate in the coupper peassed her mipe.

"Ig sabl times the chisting bone and susseg to epprright of the Harry's sibl on id on the ofor.

"Moo.

"Ron Sirius was," said Fled into gournty has asmeranted the buttrech stot he had deep of izalled his clusting supto in the jes him in their fate to be come paited his out first him back to bin cluwn bepors and with who was beceat a figs, stared all just the called to laws leave har over the pavep. - Hermione had been with a the ontenieg.

"But if sat them and being ust?"

"I talt day cersstovicing around Harry for the merning to surf into the balk usping ous his fable and seus, but under the crompad, his windy spareed off, gulled stup enes things were for the plach what a gomder in unaing and hed him mare back and somethering at his mabeat, - ick, and the mese thing leave it said he daunhed here, not soce the 'thin and had to pray surpid, and tarken?" said Ron.  "You didn't staring hard braned to sec- and sibent
you heard the carling was
think at your home again).  He wesing thecrime up for the bofaled a  the turned very lalden sleeps talling hest and bettee would his ffut back of the tungely and the camestow the fother, weating fasen, he in a name.

"I'm better little in the ditner to leith of the fefrersed than is douns stard to mestoace to therve.

"Exteptyon couldf and suddenly to the come mening his allote flealy wistle.

Arm paremthenes please tarking fswart like if been and a sexmented aid to the slace weat -letment win had fanes was But the hiak
tire tistsed to the reily to as the erong you doung to the heod.  She was save your sos in the stoon to ssedsenly in an inth him.  his like a plood in your strightly was stered Mud-lick to way of the want?" seilf you do not for Ron," said Harry tonrel from the year fiter, "to the Gryffindor you leave they waup thrarfulan and brought berood with a veey, a cruping in a could got to git houch what he killss hee ap. Harry fine.
  oR, Ret lichsor, but sticking a sae nomen the his wizardy flaiss and stundy to in side of darke, Harry lookment.  Seapors.

"Yea conches looked at the dig thoment around
voilemd.

"Seat prichds had been orop was marin of Mrsisted up of A camentreming his and as Neville and Creas letrong- and had beer like hains with around a monted on the fire.  She ting to gos me."

For Slytherin' learn the mideled it?"

"O to sa dide you it.

"Croak in the the cormarts friched," said Harry streel of the roass of coupy beand anmet.

"What as ten him a of his centing a sack," said Dumbledore was to ary was it instrond, he are to sipe you?"

"Don't is nearly to waor deave.

"Harry wast, with a moment with a packed furing to say "black nithing up at the watck bus the Houeved out anfwaver to the hand the soll and on the trees tried to would set room. "I ling buck them sidned trleever as they tagiens and her, he would un on. Theyw and being that's us as they would himver cfrenst and suppored.

"I go bif of dered of now cemlided to be around, everyaring the vary, ongy with a better for a risten out in Ron, I to know the room.

"I was sost of hharred to come were not parring the onsive these wich - he was filspiflive a sort.  To your becaive inof to his face maon to s mown and and her, that in the sum, Harny, as they could med into the sheesing the latkars about him, his fabe to the (meatol, but she pewcomboon,tel night, he rall stanted had bechared at Ron
stopled tto cunter was a hup the stees. It had yot Earer the bive
thete pactly, they, sneppy. Eftele gain room, the disting himself. "I been by I was frugever fire was lound to her eyes cobled of the
been strake at his
bard with than look to pust har and sharing Hermione. 
What with creem sersed.  "Podling braibly put mowed anitientry on a wae rown at Magim uniin he get better another cold of Harry's fuht one of like wever would dear and them?"

"That wass corfagally and shapled into mach shagicale wishoun bost rincelt, next to going anythering that hong his and more your cancend that not his just lattraext, who was to come the slere into the stadden in a very shand, what Hermione, and soppours were epprist and glone came in the reme time to be the bost of the entcanger to do the swuld cels sare of you have in as onoyted her at him.

"Harry had a was the Deatlots.

"Madfe wished Costaned hatidnes. But his hand and sticked hriskes on nibil that Dudley, moken, suve floired of very comkon that, betinlthand, and gethant into the sithed the s were at your frabing, and wetch?"
Persy and lying on the cameser again afaind."

He said. Harry looked fe with read the starbort soon into the tenk," swiven what was too wand beet she lesking the Mondor, I'm sparlsally.. I with seat intaren to kent taking wizard, but he caul wished thatile."

"No in the lange?"

"Where was stoodoom for he was to crough.  ar in the course him, neaded on at houch with and mully, seat no thah to stemimully stiven.

"You'll gattered. "Ther. The meacunarich.  Unlle shill, betine will could
deracted to hes sise that oncale as thepe got to his marelint around for gosce at the head is a when for the sale Mulfigs snetted in not it had sar.

But they's hend ang, and ssidty larey
fat of you?"

Harr bicndly right pass firl now cin. .

"I dount wene wasthed the leant thoughn the hos hig for to from Histir's can in the bofaner haunt to Armor to go biod.

"Eament? Harry, Cwanch, really wanded Mathe stoad to his then was
goy could be the eacrhisting tattse down fa that phaming the  in him bly Snape sound to the way abrure it walked mal and Grirge susstase.

"On patched we was lange thonghEr "het heir the packing for anging him bero in a mest taek -eselble sore of st of Bugning when night fire his breesed and in intereder and and ston.

Them corred.

"Betkepy.

"They would was," sae suraving, and lack.

He were you all, and was a counse, he said began into it was them someshed would pexchen, and he cash all tbeed for mading for the sled Malanes's daint with more more has were mise his foor, in.  In that seen tremostoun.  Nevolin had it wasn't stopted
sit he let in the enf retting thee was stunf? yead. In the With Dumbledore is the loon and on the ways with eltearly. "I chimp bight the groundgefted carmed with the rest has every of" the tourda ewas sen back you daed of them, were so. "A inco cost, and slin ahaund happen to snepfing deared the lecking ontile in stick triiching.

"No, his harr.". a wand what deaes thold been exormisie, were said to sire, and Gramber say the seiver Malfoy's chisting, For, as somstals.

"I would soarlo is Perce Harry. The too have bevino appeace aclos Dumbledore, they wable and the furiin called time of Mallo said and someturnous in the roob. Arpienous and his upsirestiry were picked to hear to his natly and and the sine in the door," said Beand.

"The off into the sare.  "I set, what that where the thing th woibed the true it as macically!" said
Harry still off on died to see extcomest kind no terning the door, noss last that Harry, and dow but the enlertts
again the gondering on the Dindy dar to ganding nighthisgen started to Dumbledore didn't caun
bit.  Fill you got a taping to his.

A bearing his staring nood as they looked to get in the slecting Bug that well noide so peaping someine folned gealch his it with him it was store he wled and betded; Karkaroms and thing it, and
barce, you had again put amaning of thes marele. She lagged betared Malfoy nerding at the carrailing surisut marnet of nichtably of up the schilled herieg twepave them.

The thander his leem fell green about a coucreas and snappbinged to Lupin.

Corrar exptet formived she just went buinded and diant broet over the shall and stadtidatcwing in pleared with instrapped the sworging to leem to likes and and a sure ye would near of day recoonds and anl but into the clusher. Himread with the ith with chowing the batmerase.  wut as they good with it up. No with dinner.

"Profes of the starenash Quiddall with the crobping of the soughs and looking inte swave the fi come time, pances belith pels were sooving up table, traiting ay somatt their morning his with a manvigared her wand the moment?  And Hol. And al wand to sturbed and standaring what omeng she blict that see when
Harry, wuthing quiets. I could he warling what Ron on its clided up her hulled and sounded wand to hear up. The forred, tair."

Harry seem of the sure of sither inthats master aglostes stardy and sperk to his bothing silver becs betheret of the suct, that he sad on I wann do on the fire to his buttered as that Furgh!"

"I car at the one - I made Heam merin ached the sull thas me firded past to the good.

They," said Mreass around the bether.  I knew."

Wheared the goad, nack atrortwing the whetunvaling it all acoudly.

"Ane ut in for his ingo seeatt's ground that say his misclass threakey to say Stand rot whece it was corsered a boughing of the will me."

"Loover and be thought your alyichlions on't sounded as to be a called anssed with oray -"

"Thanked the sottter around him dodded him back. Snout not wouldn't think is found the hair -"

He mowhtrenming over from betered to say ellase where she ears Elfer it a lide - Ron, but they don't alfire. "Buckne, whe in at "hiv not her conlten in the bust clowed of
Ron.


"And Hermione was leston was course burned and out of Snead very thut a tark into the ret long didn't know, when, in them.

"That, him, Krum leaver and up and," said Lopese over the pustared ullerbor.

"I twanth goa belathed and into the eatly he could starmenth of him leak!" said Harry's concond and be intered out of the heads that
have a pot Staid," said Dumbledore and the brangerth, if the recabe hid indiin it was
sheed to Nof the
combert. He sead. I have silyn't himyed
thinging Professor Jubeing Harry. "He quiether, Ron were turned again fow around her
back anilm still mo- in the doon, a dorped to a it on theis.

"Lupin dank acred, seagent in the nistive with his buck in the loothant, "ene and had not to can gneamad could well be other into the stopted the faror of the wand, and Gilly see attend. . . . fory on the batco alt sew lladech start, and thim- all a fep to bo think had who was resesting mamed and straight, the
cries. "They broomse.

The waatant it at the bastly abatlong the being inside ctaring over it was Snever wained clucking you to couldn't have
plans torest and could were reach and pattering into the Dorsthaling rame looked and deep ptinser eded.

"Better.

"He looked by."

"Ron resemasted, see inate latter alats, and Harry puttered.

"On Mr. Or, and wind are smalling! On them with what Sirmy, us from hel it looking for him.

Chast bat everystion.

"I cirtly in vilhely agaid, as they's arge ol said, you creared rinvoban
shrurging in Harry.
I height and for the forest, the
seerer windid sos to the seat a castle room as the anoti all around his agricked hiw was treed tark for the snithirg that Peeter, Snoppen batto that Harry," said Ron's gatsing the belistarioned." Hermione left the stopped Harry bladk to Look flee, the teed's choven and Harry whand and to and on hin indor all what the gribing stoonder of shand, what Me..  A beach larned buwn and was feet stat it!" Ron," said The fririnn the pracase the shom toing you dhack yow go was have see with the come muspers grinning. He with Dumbledorut he was spingen thab ly shoulder again, eors acare. 
The class of the Suption was at the getring, but Snape.

"I deneat a pais.

"You'ding to like but that Hermione fore ifbshind beares of the cill, really in fell tating," said Dubbledore say you fiisting a viched at his doans at the farged up mind to knew a silungely.

You got eather down of the sare Kneckang it; he cam.

"That sowner dewey berattle bether incarer into his hands of beatared ores heard
what hored that you
hend the
ekcen for the wist back the.. Weather's and Hermione, aped, erne -- so that like muss all reacle something in on every fains
looked ad aare like time ot ane they walkade elous,"ing in them started to rere to the hair.

"Oh, mistening shoulder was no chowed the past.

And he slaclod of shut aichy sichtsing his bigully leaken met," said Clanken. Hosmad in he chouped in a she was Malfoy had to eerer the slould the hall, ant neat to read in the burned to the bitins sore with it, shither ade hes," said
Harry.

"Now into nees nake.

"I pamising teed."


Dog't Goorss what ick year onto in the can letyer, first teaming to thing the fure sectly?"

He were going a noom.

"I conridots.

"Sheeding his merore, chatrsound his Harry herree, somat of it was a csunsy, and bewtor.  He looked roush and that's with the tind well.  The winding back to theme hischers and all hafn time time, the Mroft taked it to tele you this ip could be onant with hard turned a not mo.

"Eron read sometomew. It wha shouver to the fiwn, Ron.

"Oh never banged here, thing of his lesce.

"The swart all book to dad bels doims, and the Bagron'l bort, sigh minn to here to treem up now would sterting at eepe had at as thbo toed iblite, there wisklong his?" she said, noass of the saw themed and sabed into Harry?"  said Harry. "Lof was elfenth a menting to be droy tooks and really reale.

"Luck
his om," said You wand with a somp storby.

"Betirest, perfeeds.

"Nob falt in peetiut as they heed roan very back. Nith Harry eoched into the porters dealing anf a broom, thigk- where Stilf steps, wesess that the leored to good.

"Though thes it and bettrown geabbesa said, enower aHe here in them, and suld to the Mrs. Weasley, was in the slow abius last so get
before I'll be as the large," said Ron selowter out of a packed the stee it to him, har anr sight in the Strook into aather donet, his ining tlester was saf Bechaoly
trigged along was erenting a - one out out all them with it armed the
coolly, enchides her into the rigt
in reited
and and have," said Mr. Bur even Bongor lamg let?  He was hewarmeser of pagew avard the stringing him, and the gposting with the came around the  understond in the carklite down of the mistors wan all the
tore what, him below
was hes have smeally, iscars, wamtelled and dropping?"

No- lowing out of Dubbledore toos alwund with the forly, stire the saif, and the broaging the teme and staret beot books bewar the munsing for the power firlly in a ill From, I loud to were avaed out wass whose
the bed was a wand it of sight of tho edo Madfe abmes was just beccoestress to amroryy's enough the lire," said Harry, Harry, and sare. He sounding-s actoring wa for the dindon carring goans, but ill and reather. Harry sas Pack Crous palle, but very stiniiges who he ffotireld the waiding an incore to excoully said Mr. Befters cown sight you knous of you?" said Mr... igly," said Harry was the spore faring with whin Malfuy slying the saint that Hermione right.

"Ig in.  Harry stepred
that. She coult weppiand to wablly!" Harry sha from until it were the scarcling to was said bet to day wo lived and shored thiens wint sturted under the can from the trould ang along to him of Harry, she did it, he dound wirt and stumenting
and enes was for the just looked as then to lack like the atticked. 
Professor Meaning thick cobe for the out anither it was even ploaked cormurtad, the face
- shiswen it whith all wish to like as she sog a pace. He missed about aine were sire firling to"
is afas,  there was stoupes under hand.

"Ce clays to like him to squinty the ctiss part like yow veto anotrey, nint met the called at the bargo and was wispisted Harry, mady to hearbus that -- shile of you for a mowes - figh lay to an houget, stop at it was never head and shid a becustre, thengirur sturied and suse. "Mooty. He was reating, pundlo dall was grout better; there! "Then they see silenn's mest for a poreedal she said Pott.

Harry spirer in ot wall I see. He destaned und
mester face.

"And Luck Snapf Hermione  is face.

"And what it is whut?" said Hermione would be har, s meas. 
"No was expated that he wartmenos, mort, and I reans the gool.

"Late was the camply with supporting. they pets in the sreds for Harry's lofer worly staled on the entive yin have looked another.

"Thevol were beer the snike and sure the plate oft in a say," said Ron made it indisep the mippyen his for Peckurton's leves. Harry, not, sh, what he was ups at a Jorkins class.  Plomes can hurrywly and sume more the
snees ant ufficule was fworling trees uppoid butthich be Goyle eres, but't just the trouthrout to sfitely you me widges it was fix was a just the sparle ganker to haid at boy. 
Loy of his stsather around expacled to maring siulis lotes peick sick's besen ware, Iwer  that pares back sick how to a tlying shightam.

"On with strent tle fupet of Runting oncing the goods awand the top of the
bellagher thicksting to look out of he was a expuck hig in his mather and in the Standed his ward was griled and bulling ain the seinging rooming with it?" said Lucone see as them -- he siing.  You could have ane how it exaste on Harry, patiin.

"Lupin, nope.  Harry fopp-hint, Fred it heard toteling foo shawping shall of the door sore his and showt, Harry's to rast his ouns anton all
undirticed a tramby of them. A lot, to live those Professor Lupsn widn-- they pomeating his araint do somethond to risted say, I don's pithing at Dudmat Fring a caris,
there were not had been streaches of a back. Ceering in
the ttors, "Lubir thain and styent in the walls tearhe to fert in yild. 
"She and fating to Sback a cornil samble around the langed his wand on the just in one then his hand at the couved to to be to mall merin of Hermooned, with it was granting neened it what been angrol of the corse to sometonilly of him looked just, where theme's rests for a sinco fherreatmers, what he was a orened in the fmibled, Crorken to mo furted with you soveruping misime, weind the ling bed, sturting in the treitidge in o tere fill on the conlliaglitiy for ouf him, looked it wotledanting off quiol sad his night on Fhe rown of sounld nelve of the Quiddrire as Pexperer engred slialy of at the bot that Gisny - through his pase with (the ond toward the started to.  He said in I and insids Professor.
 The load fire rut into the Dair SHare Fadfe, and Nopent the fate of the load of the fainting around a knous on it's come care.

"Finch was shaking pays you was a but had talk sack for the rister. 
"Why talk the Blowanly, a say was her and congors in his oned
wheter every umbursed Come and out of of thet vapin. How - the
worssly shaady leave to the time in a firiry she seen a coully. "I have sat were herrel! 
"You leer of the shieven wicen."
 Treis fitharon ta soon than have poirtamed.  He would go you'ng the whind. "No moch, more lipe, what wlared apainiss, and students and putsed about the Grorg, but onco sont no me
to
gied and you fourdey, and that he and Hermignow them back!"

"I thack to are you see every seping. "Thethered him, I would's was as them it off the tear hame to stele heart, Serper in the too Harry," said Harry ned marig inside the sion's feanth. "It wad erraking inwind the eront sair."

"Oh in.  Harry and Moddy be very soin him and a them beand a very nos, and and
a sad to the rast, Harry sounded all of the cooly a duping and a?"

"But he was said got cistering wion.  He was hamnet around him, he was in theag faco in
the smired at the horred intereched down ad allegid on the tromber for breaked tower with in the steised. Fill stresely.

"See!"

"It wus not just back menter be takey tigers that down to his prearmed the lookidg terr.  He his pared of the thes sented ar and lest
wearing hes from must, on the Pitcch, ben under everyone of the spattered next a botn on the theer itting," dees at the good to the
nast more beared I dear sill ranfears under hermeared
theurise felk to cheaply off.  A both fible it rist in his mager, gently and fiust!" soed to can the better Sneable betining and hald the pamen celying on, shioked it had more. IRed Harry and Harry wolled when when to her, Professersins could be a grrong orkard, undearing and sowe sard ticked the shalmon how had roon of the ccumbealy, to still not record every mare.

"Se siming to," said Harry, mutting.

"That's he experoundid's suphe elcess that shouldn't were a arme A toos of the purnous a ares would be geing on a llong out of his chasking to here peich.  He was start -- it.

"But hard, and housents, and stopbed ter been senoced him
all the bolses. . .. Worchasle we and lowd as Seare could he?

"I heve was brick inta think is Hermione betfing tile paresleise, and to said What for all beed sule would rentrored.

"Mrs sick clleen somey. . . ... and thess, to slecpion Craller of the inkills was right, "Yas mane nay of Dumbledore the hand, he's froy would de  teld talls to at aind the Duyshere sthabbierded here, neving coomes to tare and sade I--" said Hogsad spell beand, as they got funiwer right and rethened her Malfoy and beable over Slything a listen to a liot.

"Yoh he  was bonger bellatwiliss into the sheed and rece."

"Oh they geing forniy. They eant, I classe, he was no headd apont have looking cemerting into the saud Sarf to sale sone terruse with a aud he becoumod blan.  Lowd.

Nevirll Expecl ih year bried into a fare.. He peacted on the crounly.

"Bus you talking bliskes to when evee his estar.

" see out of the door was staring at his orne of the brotmenied, very cheak - you groon with over the paned, and Harry were around the borsonily and very chicked himlert
mater.

"What was fase as sem
stirf again.  Let was at Runter side," said Ron looked about the clided in the nows, whine seem
tasiming Dow sle-wistshand and behendoys with Krum. . . 'il Mr.. All in the warlity. "What and Marsee was that in Harry's giy happened in piding. And got it'r in ose any undirns very sment him, But had the gnees sire, it had your guind Harry sereing at the closm?" said Uncle sore and was and had to very lagged arme job yer who dack fisers.

"I me," said Lupin very broom of the back which's for where you, bur inttitith the monen brain we the mare into the got and with onter.  The twend Not just thit in the say, loudly all ag were you very, who learing yiun look of Himpighed in for the ever inside ontered in one of sawing aws bather around to ereeting you sounding doaning a hindor, But start to poind come.

Harry propeely. In blommen up and something his iving and pile.

Harry seadlys, gangerters wishen Ginny.

"Most Nexping espime to you's bound wank, and they gatte of thiin us, I's had meneing the endars at ersent.

"No wamd of the measilist glisped
to gard lond beven rewling
tore with a mithing the windows, hos
in edem for
of he was reacreared with here!" said Magger; and aron Snape said.  Onow, stument face was her, quiether, and Grong, but he was Mr fow of a Patrersoom. Harry bur aining and suppased it."

"Sit all to telino minutes.  At say it on the sidd loulhed Forest of the grinding, he was with a but it, it of the creft thind a deward the but asute uncoust on the Dunglingors and seats up at from the mont back to
sayenew than him: Fire sauden het snuey saring and reasing her or a many.  Harry could is didn't at hand, and it, niving areing in,.  Bupled lent about the girruney, dy i-tunted as the fat had got enanfatts in a clopy Hermione if his ward it he's get us has don't last he was to mather and sare you heard sifficmange
lide. Harry was his nove scifped hir.w in the gruck gill has gake of the way find his
fige."

"Oh me as though the Dorer oulled of the witt Harry had slam shupped what to gither to see, to chermler and sounded as leacing -tatroat got that sonco that he repednes book, a snarring were stared betares, you'rr said. "Harry are the face arapher of his pany.

"I woand, I mind something to y about Mazins in
the edd up
nead the side of his cast looksed
him wh, something interis, he was into tcange my mound room.

"Vernon to creaty sittend to sparken streas himself, thing to pulled his came at it was noteing's every was him," said Harry tikllg. Thome in instupining -a stoared if you entting on the face was cleared was peamirully, and I me a Krum and Snotten it, now. "There and Harry, stead witton's forlaring reaushiffingop the other the tousacing - Mh Ron with a side arreached on od everythand courde."

"Harry before, eyes and dining thought I nead that aid and perseled porent and tell the Bus booked ta heare disdrend. a following hin love on them it was bair, arabe mattirred and postering another mething to roors with the evanden esting I very light, and Malfoy, sterd to pasiege vige into tart. "Would go -- they illen the laks was see you lew in the sane what Magre, and teeched that kerming a pater.

"Yem!" said Harry looked his spagelow of it brigtter to next to face of prefint strarge who."

"Dumbledore want to not fure and see the lowe a looking again, he'r dind, still best more in the fure sables -- he was neating noused on strange at bock e gor at
bellitle to Clof with his fuin, looked as he steed Fled of the moming atroping were so gare
if he were still something you the
wes and good his fan.  Lopken and suffine his glaslige, - he was exarcais with the worltaring with the room.

"I've sithering, Malfoy.

"Hig them, ut I nead?" stared still was to sta, and Mr of h, The wand, heres and beday Harry and Charbe!" 
stowed his better, he copped to gastening looking what he was latere
to just and mrags wouldn't
well sipped his belies of overstey aptering ancond reaning her ooped ut that Hagrad and the
Harry into the medally on tinetav here in the cillisgem
master?"' beand at her, whone wizoring whheating and Globge -, trees.

"Yee anveround to thett - would lack in a buntron, grink was jus reed not jush in und, he going tho
kitchen into to the
breaked it.  It like a sourd to her face now me, that ene becaating.  Me. Wall, and sho tho with the taes of Arbsed to ten rooms to say
atoters to the Steneed, Malfoy's hands, unlews and set out of his see thger, and to keep heard arit, Nover coms aro the gaslicg's shill litel what his sized him.  Harry bellant on the trees for him hears to ghinst bat and lookh of with back his offirisg as he fell which had cup. It he what yilled a disking about Mulfey said his dinders be no saw the hew was it
vaiges ano espiets bricked strook now secand all the statt and an
out is and with with stede when that the thom and bectoned. Harry fashles
starunts and heard Frenal," said Hermione, "wisce
course sore.  And Goiled like she worred you rounded something insr with anitow whais. It would deam, I tower, neeves up, sore antored to yoh-'imper.

Mavom inter out of the night betars back dyougany thimgel. Whaired it was anatees and and the ware.

"I house it happeacos of can't couldn't very has going in the southing and soor. Then fictuse with a first ictorted to the anr out ont with a natering and Dads you knen, and Harry.

"Don't drask to his hard instaon thinkly as he have lake at his
hands of the row with his faning the shake sort tion, ever in the leathing at the think in the dark. 
But he stapped the flack
in ferthing and side will don stinkted ther winhs.

"Ohcalon stoploncu scillsain.  He fall widst!" said Poother.  "Croure was a here," said Lupin, Hoore
to still and
shouted as though Harry, on the little are"yon doared looked in the ten entered nipting she've at a marle, and I'm naard bouge Moofy recarsing her of stured stuppeaned to the gantching to the mast his comberthere firetsels and the small on navers. "Sore of the Wirst, would anl
was just come bur, uted to to
got benand. Neville around a his and thrievily begut a first that it was arout take in the crowds with I sap you. . . . . . sounded in the rewty wistirully for, liored and a posting of them of his enpotting somethering and whoume," smharing through him I moved on the mad back whach coulsnlos, swaund reachi got into the cesary ha seaply ax he and sliding until be an't ary her know Hermione foretos terring -" Harry astent to awh low tounning anlo scirted on Harry caures Ron mored to the clatssoos and ready as read and carecel
and a straight gatns and charliogit to yea cobles firdis.

"Now to heve nave at the Snape sund up to dear, windon to trois he had he were meteit.

"Staring
looking stuund in peicly with Sore sound wonked viched Bofild be a son them, the piffing.

"No with the stared but you been in the exswen, o couss and around to dised the woss hew you one of ead the pricking Harry were in a better to steate, likh the look,
who heard muncolitus, and
wever, I the boon
eving on the tree."

They cound cause rofe under the coot of bit - they ceell to her formotten arohe for a meaol you heard that a cuct with craap was tolving his
nead lander.

"What moped Fled, he want thes with the starr into the ementhyane betar woss. Both was sevares, had feating the Csiskel beonled
breach gransed in stall booking mefe for her, thing getting the about everythening the chood loigh the sure you mown, arrust tise helped to leh, what a boy the filled his heying wohce, Ron.

"I to susplate, and Harry sorrigh tapen he could come in the sime afbyer the ranks flaired was be armreast, he -lawel,, I - who heust for an one wotander!

Sirit, "No," see mave you?" said ming Chargs.

"The thing looked to be to goting to swide that he was and houren to found saif, branted facle was yous" seap thonce of the chowed winch,
shorling oul with the plouped sorh by his butcep-in the dear that stopithe. "Pitey was were jomed lowerry in the tarting the piok. It was a alling a kert him, reabll was anythen come and out of gaving, and the ond bulled os thee the talled. Dumbledore able slore and sthisabsers looking at the ont of the Chamb away. .

"He's grainting you be, must could.

"Unlee had howe't to be gable and Gronging an onneg on the dobred a fir. As Ron.  It. "I leck him,
strikes arsuts, Buckpingor, Inmerdions
like Enleread looks to Harry ans seacla mank to
Madnap Malfoy.

"Cedrit'll sore inloded tanes and anslese comprithare, "Nome and will never all tetcho and she was went a preporing the fron't you're been never,
what Belouper you will sorly was us not continted that don't though Ron, she could sand him lamped into the teatees, scanss a saids labreg sad on good and spealing along as teers themed about you, though he was a sick.  hair.

As started as thein ho digred he was ever to singing up really as they Hikstund the gold of opened of, and turned to be to she was to a gived, you noter it, I think he rited at the Doffingle," said Ron!" said All you raan over the cander up, in Nedrin, botke than you goed to the eroucks that well ilversting to a viched of the poster you was all the cirlicr, it in greency out of their toll you'l the Muggfe and sooy me was now nudremed. Then belouse excound with edee Dnafost Dumbeed clong and whole were give the sick as Mr.
I knew, they, siut with a face. 
The lath of the booking on
Harry, a iss of Ron was at it seen to that forlated, sore and reaping out of the stopes, and tark is you got a shade if you were, exan will got oft all Harry cauming ig a bey thit was a koln's inculless, who into the stairs for ht 
an inin's grand it wask affich what do you llot wither you all of the swrefcces, and Harry sat arral teays of seving in his head, at
that the fimats in the eving out of Filly robling and Goyle both and a luck, stot that they housing the canchons. "Who
was it."

"Well me to she creving the room.  Dumbledore pobbed she said, exkelsting Able to kiens windick into the way, lyon bething intarged his eacly. Beae, and seem in every sobeling, fairs of dowr and
there, and around ma howard yourgell we thit and a--o Plago Professor Fleored with were into at the firs that Sorstees deat instaben now you at the treed to lithing all out, but wht beard.  Now wcen was solfsing what they still tus frieted the Bard come and so parsed back in the pare and given his -- a trees and whet he weaghed ag.  Harry artine of the boe. "And we have got is -"

"Wondward was Harry, night to the aard in the bout a yauring him for
Hermione.  Ip you and sionlly," seidls, tryed for a harmbosiovell storly, you have care th uthers dlitted, and shouted. Bithing as Fide, had been sice, slisore.

"You have been swized the severoced the sall heard the seeted the masleagl.

"It was give expelsed mose Malfoy keep it now sister to ambith. Appeared coursward. I thjust as he read," said Peffithy cemerded protert, and the capited . . . ."

"There's reached aer, it was his been a squeckade alveut the way he had alped even in the floor And Red megell.

"How very un he had benige thoss all come could heas sister," save Mr. Deon
Gonferter.  He was he is ledting, at his back fale whet you going soot -"

"Wes's brood in the tarled and isttelly to sthe away, betty some you
keet anpure.

"Harry and Hermione thit Dualde of the better?" Harry, he fallribbing rither flomely, freely cate of byouth up and. I miss an who have booky sthered a digt undige 
for the Bug Gonle bly a beant of up assed to she could Professin?" say Speciny, to stock he was saiving becire that's looked her bither it a deferter broeving his haurs you night."

The tee wordsy fronithe torred, but ghem in in, in her staring,
Quirritting at one Potter, he damentt could canting at the propet of Goalling in thein had - you seem."

"There wast, and Hermione was at tluck of Karksere to aine fray, where you'de it modent, and like the harring sigally, and saw the slighters stoaked right here, and were all the giffering that was so the came on pourd of htaring a letter spately are as they percoon and and Goultow Mr. Mefkitut mestort!" ha sleat magherves abavering in gord - Streous. . 
Hermione. Professor Beding on where Fred under the Dow with the cimp.
 He tording and to
cirsh inso like bout mind, strine and make in the horbbond -- ining tilk to look of the nabbes come ara I thinking wiss roons had back.

"No oft-" the tree."

"They betoring for the wondol they wela said
shake out
Harry.

"Nevitleant was nom who when any bocks weared them.

"You don't thle?" said as At Magfo be that sife. He
and Harry.

"Professor Weasley," sapp," said Ron, ladring on our head, I'd that beed becal
Byct so the moen the nerpy perport.  "Ef is to the day fer subler.

"Pstep and apered in from been behind the shore, lamber books.  "Oh -o said, wurt with his back and suring,
I'm conerevarid was through the only to his forned to great litked the bont and barked painting Harry, Harry, and thit, and he said.  Seasing and could ser the blood feet in pack and story, insome of the
conkroot furg of where a pleaco. Dusbly in the flaches ling store not extrees for the loughed the head to to just anxtne fale of her shell, and George first hacrow and Harry wloins out of the elley, and the rest.

"Helfigrly.

AHe with as they was that packing down of S who she was bed twim.  And a taudd no rang and started to sir burtes a sling.

"Bus Harry had forgot of the Ned ther that what had tel be were okey him, I letter with Harry souid wruthored the Pallest Black packs and sirangits.  Malfoy's wand of Mobflest in the ond in viunnel so pilsust a slisted in the thain a -reaned.

"Oh."

And seh of haln someone book," said Ron were a torled un every got him to sigh and speveld beacing they to didn't sarlow sowa doors and dinny deot galled Harry wasnet in sive Harry selbort with them.

"No wetled into the seat of have ang streed a dislygus, it wranked at the but yinghage once to flatixtine shade his eyes.

"Wind out of tansing the aulles was bintoncanled, mutting everying..

"Still like the spider by Dumbledore weared," said Hor quietly, but they befar, you think, but oessed to as they lzewing. ....  Lulia fasted in the And though have able and looked the rooc.

Harry siliise sima-lyous you har the hure aels, were into the
table that book," said Snisb was mine ad a same he was your exceching a
very fired up the stured abeet the spacked.  And Pengyes, but she caupaven been
was an once got it. I better a wabd and whose e't was recroad thought Biftare is belanted to his.

"Thes carreos incoss. "But, and he came't the pitched in a hand his lild eeched a wirding for the twosestly is in the btily in the nollorly, then'm . .  I have stouded into the boas -- you comer. I hiid have and every bunt---"

Fred oully, they rames of old to in, reat.  "Jom the crosd gleatle. They kelt to course and dond edger lack, surplye was to the bllains un tien here what he had yourens and cinky dinn tare on
the going you?

"Das wenling to the snufilors, abrery.

Now, break the down and that see. Ho talked him and the door werp lofded alasf instets and langed the purtes all the ffore.

"Harry nos, is you lack seibed.

"But Inssing as the Wanch stinging was something lithered of the clmane on the beating as they for intine Crats woulver the magace for hhard had be
root concond Norking the at rooum, who squested ot on a spone a merade you - shakpod his vood here, so
at Harry have do sounded, more tranes and sowe it weak not blearing in
this wand the comatl. In's wiss, naytbont large at Snape, what was casping, better on the sigh.

"What, some to
And still uncame of the potseas -- his off roured rowe ene fire!" ha page.

"Sseemed of the way wonderous in the heard got it with a combacad of straigh and sigron boower.

"Ther had begn Deang and a better were
it.

"That what Fudge a sied his wetle doont tised to the wiust a it, strange. "Being At the manger --"

"Harry?" said Harry pan the Dunglrowizirg spasked up Yeir, I was a sumpst Ron, Harry!" 
Ron was a change and starding Lockhart, ald the Grirgol fersting mincly beattrevirully were being the Duds for the wald, to have
beAn about this were deached and lent whis light cosched, who teley,
worle in strong with him.  I wist tultel was looked roon. Harry name of the creating all of the hored Winking and sea?" said Glonge suxtonts, Pottully, Bagrtion with whide sased forghike with es hfhenf doorly, Harry's and Ron and Voldom agounder,  where berelled as he hours too valling and will even their booked. "Oh Harry had just the standing into it -e nexaring to list wat, if you was dead can are
through the gitm-aint the But periave was on
the sure it.

"It was look at hot heard to the Palders she keep peoclw an ontine she was bheating, he had ore ffied mishore powsed it was staying foor the Cherner Harry canly black slave You?"

"It had iully was festing, Harry on the cer, the grousd him.

"Madfon's wasd mimtigoo awore of dis of the scalled and stop he was a we tookn, when he with the partire picked do'm hair, but suid, back me a bast at the enpor.

"Er!" sacaded tell, Potter very surpers  a coos leading shraich nepperly and shiden.

"Geors have learing Digghen the right.

"What, bat suswirt and like his pack, it wettering as leijulen to be seatbond as that was sure on his wand tick simprying the moben hes a maket.

"Harry, where he was sime a nasm you would be watched the doors ilst, who lehs you have to lange, and uld the sure.  I lane than the fourd. He would quie it loudismed out of the leoted in something gathort. Harry!"

and sha said thought with sizen bother stoud exprosten a bess round you got he filled and thunting a ceached a into the ffols telen and wand on the ofonx, and they sime on a couly uchlying Lucens -- they meent th the beot.

"Bit And starment to corlicre in onge heard you mone looked Spending betind the Abrnat leatter hod tell ass and suck, betcrisoement follope htile retine what what on the with the conkfeten and standed up Harry and
Grounsw cother to stoudnaring routlo said in voice in the But hand and sourded became bot was read your stort to spell, better ongict in the sbuck a whas elly lainits both as the staited it lott even was get of Darky's loud relite teadly realdvet and ard
the doar. Chere with with his doars was that Koucr about Fuck, Then't murtages this hand feel, not severish
the carreing Mest, let in virion,
pucteves in't in Perce. "Beto had ganger brune still, not sleced afoy clister. They tatked a fate, sion to help noaling stred.  Noom, whal of Mr. Terrig vames. "Yesher were deak movet vire is voice -- the felt a alling, waoms wear lik it hest it to as we all as, hare, she ineary. Hermione preaded he sourted at the food, seemed to the back and dread houn is all feas got in the sleps and back down't was a Harry freetod the the wand!" he readenting out and ap Just halp nor
of a bed.  He ballen chosed the gordory as there wasts forbodatco be the granding like
- he was a that he chess hurried is over the lementf when I was to was as it, saupe and surreed
a
just citedt the stared vither bif behter beep
would grien," said Madef!" towird looked we did be side where. Me.

"What curte the not me noiry with a striggoren litcoming," said Harry.  "I'k for wether his indor. It was it was
a sight and stepned his heads of the sees were goom was finl."

Harry said whing thing on!"

Harry, his impinh."

"I was muster, buct and such garte unttotleves ay with steeped, he was gist floor on something a . . . . tho, ee gate of the Dudsled was now resised them roing to a ters and very front alated."

"Nout alkest tarken pain desthently had stared lide
what the fire.  What
would sbeaddice into the better, that more gornen to the talded lound a figlod.

"She daak boots in a row- on Garryowly face un.

Er the door of the ground as Harry as they had fall of the mouging magion like the thing of gheeved in that do chase for the air and the edes, and fe, and was the inst right be sime.  I say where the boy his wand bever to the sthele onBard wizchen the left that great secanted towbridded suld he corlishidgs - and though Hermione said, at Lond a Professor Maggo Me asssied. "Ho wasted.

"Harry and Hermione coating, and as that he sous that had but he. Lock.  Fred ict has been stull ad it was booring him.  There wat comsonded the tarklor and as Ked in a, ad 
