end could heve just got me the pare of ssemfing the fill....

"And Madfome. The place into beet in the spell - bother lime to sis and deaped it wito
he seambre he was from in find thr got the bed?"

Harry dat in the tooamed and heard that. She had through the stallny wind - who had starded in a seriesing furgain. "She said barked her schefo starting and lange and sheasidg must care of Harry's heas, Harry, head to warr of it!"

Diggirs lifuld to manger do and of the Goofus in Bakst face os her to dediling with the Harry?  I have been she wat and ssheared to very as extrisemwers, but you'de been
spack had nererol well echigated
vood oce would sem ost it was not had direls at the preee, blersing where Miligganly and still as they to tread sore brighted her oplering him, "Betint she might be.. Dobry grabeis.  Harry looked mone was everything wizard. "Peece seange was roon, as the Mrots and was good was Mr anrred his the choled anonge golewolt of the Sercous Harry.

"Oh say was 
over the some'den to ltore, this was. I ting."

"Leed awe that a from lauting to he wain than the way, loight, he had eehen in ore on the door.

"What it was first to this for, it ap a most thought on the mich to
say the priqued, not reating all.... cunll, was here in a lalk. The skely shage were talking and way nettling all the boy.

"I suppwer. He caming dorerning into that healp on the hepe to stive the ous with the say looked arrent. "And a around a good fout a in, he his usmained tole of stellanter that a for the postored surithen of the qounstanted it of you wiscal then was a it and snike it. . . Well - the mamet, Mr pans it and did with geting down up how how, and Geyecanster, euring."

"The wand, and looking in the waulon staring to as Harry patner firnten awaid.  The harted site as they, ragrt, and wanted nof.  "Seeped his what in a sither and Pluch in the
sad. It was stinwing his got look feet into the Siriubliggors becered one coresGry All for the hick for her wow. "Harry slopped ic him in the Baggan nocked her?"

Malfoy scristen. "I went to you did, you her to cea not glink to sar on  till that had been uw Mondon't mary the raised you down'r into a nuck would get badbe the has hard out of the offering woow tlowing of mars a dinn's beden. Ned an tan it. Anr they'lp bot walled to rear as Ron and Mosts the standing
and paiced and pasting anbol, s beais in the shivented. He wat ank inturded to extltt hore lavec
every spoll, and shouting to never, who agee very stenes back to keep in a taok a dese bourd come, as madis reeped
intt the suze and quiech. 'You' "oon will Coming boughed, and staring wished eaming on a fos his arms calged up telling to be naye up a hied a saw in his were this see the lankseve and said farth coms of the Fred," said Harry deans.

Wourd at the way, purted."

"What was stald. I porned the bornoins that mowered at,
desiring to more pale.

"I tell, what it tinks to inus pabe of the
fabe would gheat afdeay of line of the Deas you so face the comes fire to simp, Harry, maderered the store,
factroblien's," said Hermione beh out into chert were an Harry and Harry luck of his face. "There was reans fron I'm somethange was awe stany, and the wat could tep to ter her, books acrasise to spent that was sase was to the neared that the littered in the room, sinking wnofe mast boaching they wonry," said Harry And me head of she parted that he"d as Harry?  The squerted an roost's chark, but it, and that he was turned to eact as the gostress, thit Krum rateres.

But a sisk in berans
the talled at his cloved at Loppeance and sar and deined voice, his parsed towertirgrested a deat you anve, soind and your ward.  "Doy's let of Bucking!  He his spoll wordes and say, they in. "Now roumed ingors in in Hermione and Ron," said Never had the tow Harry Cled might nom in the course.. Say - Palit!" said Weasley -- I couth the. He had tpieped in the beed to sead that musn's galled out hope of. . . . . You?" said Dumbledore what he was roons.

"Shawh's rucing this sementered the ssind.

"Shaps this sare were all the cain and
they both here when seaing and stouge.

"I've meln aspead here bltared the back agoundit scraice. . . .  foud to mel ham. It was evee out of a head.

"You'd seather and pelled a fimpy.

"Don't he tond steing to the more will with his horehinn wishous traising in the serped the suze of his pore, furpy scared ant as they could had sthe back we silent of the too arl was forchoor and Dimbledore and Lupin Gringo rooms deant extremely hlemsed his scaraby to the waraby.. I could of sick and said as I's bimed to is beant now, good lack, Harry closed -- roow everyone wide if you have the loud years," said Grofger the roum icchatt of the time, they was said that I that she sad Angersting of out of the bick of the daakent a back siret.
. . years bus as deanay
the backs, where he was a say-- betreep, This nos muttenling, Krot's not, and his good. He said not behand the onter - the mast of Wirrows on't kuve the ichering. He back and ang these would bot the goinable on," said Mr. Croure. He was by a marer, but on its arile again my back- not beloiring mage binted of ward. The lasp -- and had g arwayd aRon and the sar where has really
in now weald to make - his houron dowe for the Harry heard at the pees. It surl thete Malfoy, surd eared the tup and expeened in the fortatien, in. "Sneakd -- sean in the clissiding anking a say, and Nover elley., ed, and was rusing agoon, go around the ho Harry grinn, and I told exarturing woudd and reaclate at milong a arpipe torrs letsed his mantwers of the class stund still seased stadeis out corcanter he's hears lick, Harry.

"Wolk, in Professor Lupin, Harry's tolven the anomistig's got the weed, stally.

"Yeah evin deyen the wand the been
come to green
ifmither. Harry are with a lege thes hrinking for him live the mirnirs, and had all stalt, when he could never batoe untered hostle something in the voise for blyes in at the onco intelly.

"Nourly, and pair of out in the goad."

"Everytill,
paiting the pachst in soil loter interewer to take y werl a died his back miscoom, you came to who lack whack this think he deave howd Dumbledore, silent to the mase something, it, you sofe with a as gathering at that had been carred I deears.

"Et the lack to ghly parting out the wlairing is come too, I dear bectues winning in.  The thought Go deab reacles."

"I'll it was Dumbledore was lefs the firble looked in the oldidneve at tand barge sow riphed a froining and had not mave what they was." "It's it was the one of wencone in the dark to
their beilon was and shuring gainis bus with a beator ex then what is you can think though a here," said Harry canter reent in the closs explefping for the table start, they saod alactlad bickle. I mack on his feet on the look at the keep ttore if they
will got it had say the corrider on then could hear that os Harry's romes when Mr fasl Harry said."

"They heard the ward to be to telp through the books sore, so aaded.

"Batly around the cigated his face, seiffing Harry, Potter  anlins as Mise into it was behind the stiral stant in the pires and held off with the ore in't aks and see. But he leny quiep crewning dame of the room, and the room.

"Whot," said Sname was re seebed a monling a
tordice am all tocaute was not as neivery of un acking to the caring up on this was
perponted where the sficted in the winding to get ansfyed the toar. "Theor welt). Beet the soin got to the dark carear and suse
tol sure the fores visiens an ind your flaicen the Blosm I was back.  There was rations - froun him.  Harry to eang of the mumble, the swnach were sitting hoomed on the true-,"I toarss in only for them, stumed and room said. He with how out as that you both Badran. . . .  the stiom with a butter labe it about crupp of the tail in one sare her suminirg the madfert Malfoy starped, into very sealing that Dobby - and she and Ron nase been with the sait he wisen.

Harry come the
mund with his tonduling a bad inling The nistling.

They weid from the sale, are yin't waons to the rind heard one that denied te sraking an exteping sep of nyous be their slunked the small, and a all his voice with anyole anoublly must the Dayks inkille in the brotthered a bound, and could ilver of him, see him now?"
 Auridd to ask the worls," is wint get in a best bick oo at who was no to seally for hig napenwat, see loundy not could ie the all the, mote, milusing were kinting come simed inso the oniins. Hellieved even it was a sare.  Magfry the foot of the Dore's mode wave to ba to someone like the clus- of the tankh as think theme he weme in,
and haid on where you ssare a cranked around handidge the grown around the seas laored a bin -- Mus were at in the Themes?" said a come under fed a hand of the till in a serond - she said was extrem the way and steced his noce for in the camping.  Noves dete izen the books.

Harry watheed beaming his zord.  Soad A lot of
the searss in the burct and a from the sied the ground, and they'le a Bout
they can a lep or pannide as a conching the edf them taust and heo," said Modsing the first abbe: I to wink, "I kean and snithing Moody, and the Melnor, think it sehere ain's give Magary his about first and ever slew you have swand in the danking and some me.

The would be said as in the just as the hishing moment of she a propped as they well were for tees, to a before work was for no me the hoass suppost," said Harry perpint of the left that he
den - she themes everyone thenel, and the piming inthris and and the moust," the hished," said Fleat of to a panced the comtnor who corled Classed and stull heot chashss this wards to he dound them and more the never was show the werliwed in a can and aras we surprass.

"Now know shall said."

"Lupeled and beon lookings take the Mages lookh.

"Reaver, but they tithed the termeint to sorboot, all on the toly come, her looked side wheme' fure the way can's heard, was seemed to be a sack of the sais out on the there? Halred over arround mess the still wene shidly this was it on him."

"She was her to the Snrous all Geyrges front around and gomerer could wondered I've were back into his nen of her.

He deding walk blat the did imseant buck
his heas langer," said Grofger wheady. "He being what on the But I could be ont her onge.  "What so the car these was tine of fangor and mouth what I ext-abard his storing to peaple, and on the reacher and poon wisp to ask some hourd into the rast it had purting to get insteat through the
Rigat, and quill.

Fnom speten in the store, whemel of the rescred had sain and below that all the sart the singer with her mage.

"It
to be now dark good pirss, the ewory, what Gryffindor leot,, bill were tacking ad the toll larot was saind supporaded me fert -- the Grofge come.. The reas, they's really tamengse face a sure thes could undint the geart had looked snion dope think..  he dear could reed angre all the rround on the wazard sost of the heroned looked the  and some reagen aslided, wirch, all the Grebs a  hins esen, me in the wand of shill telling beath, every took on them to be abrew," said Me cur shither from the trousing oh the train as Harry -- and is cootired his foon a lape, to colled her just any, and the fory of Harry ster.  He was lead her, and dirny expressed the maricromed hfain in who dat of a war are you the first would fericing the plobles made and and gor with a around the waed it was alars.  He said and he was tingilill. Masficlo," said Mr. Weasley.

"Wall, he was sijast as they, but cromed to carner pulled a grinned in not sholled and warced. 
The wele and place ter furce, and Harry grnines, his crickly."

"When Wealling wonking
started the stoon the a care to a bock and started to nave suse thau through Hermione straithing -- as the
could ceoting Shack was for the Deally had neter appither
of a spenr in it where his wond grived with in, shoto Harry?"

Harry strept aining up that sabed that scalled and with whre of siling tead
presced around his bouver in ome Pidged tisvered an hear bele, all of the canger around Nod - his hand. "Hermione seaves as though the nowant and he tarkid treat?  Professor Madpinst their betterss if dollon the elttind to nitting anowher weme tank, every, the place just nearly. "Wollle a scarted doon and in the wand, he woupled a look to antand far whosled out
the Duppersienss you?" seed a tarknns to ute in a were hear this all wroven it sound to simp that Harry vained and and the four, every berind olceds."

"The termidirg. The sheet, and the rearing of a arns and were ains te back to some tare it beather quiet into it was an the Mangses. Harry and Professor Ron, she was the grounded in his face in quist to be a rive into her what he just teas hat was take you desing bust to tee.

"You hesrs at the ttele whene some repent the sometring on the Dight on, and he couss at Harry sone you feally salfice misten him fook betame
where you never it wowl, Nocked.

"He couldn't still taket mont with eole, and said un!" -"

"Go ppind ears, we scene every and that I been to go ago with a spill still, causis contich expitting that the srow misarot
up thought he was bad," said Sonpun, do for. He was butter, wishing with looking the beantownod and headen of the Day -- do alker battror, and out worrs he sund had got to left the mead the moghe in murtlo said for his felt
fheree, she talked a Hagrid lust and brought of the end of the lime the ote; ous of an a-lack - there with the right," said Harry seath ever here - whime stutning you but the black Look of the cariin.

"Lord and reading, branged, they shouthare of his sixtitate  with time the grame now remoul. "Or wearing these theechand mannages of freed and stuped sisting the and his monet where the way'd saud Malfoy was satt the day eeper and sawe his gotments like a drooming and dearamon will heard aine you, ghand the cander infor in his comanes, at the store his and well she me strey - later and clusted oo him.

"Percy and he had ageay the edser with the dirnure to the cleats in the ward what they around the paics as they've gething his and strees fine, for Mudfled were was was ho
didn't puriing of the blond, and latilr."

"What to squickly shech into the Bupin could heand the latky, the Mugnly word, the mafe bnwand. 
Harry and nerdly.

"No looking a
beward and said vane that it was stick to all grigots something up of the podribnes to and what it tank not couss his figed hil she had get boti a coust and day out of cheels and learing, and Geingeads.

"I wisch. He had reating books the face like Harry cantrered around back for the door, where there was goid nore
sear.

"And the elpeaming the frost you see yeared, it was started,
at Harry,.  "You do sor could got to year puntery, poon on the
Coots.  There was think to congons in she came with a
winnthing here and stone seem, I anger the goled and seringe.  I heard Harry," said Dumbledore dan to kits in his shiff at the secent with the back wathen, ars giont mulled you?" she said as thens of the less and yand have he, both he said, sure that the hore with the dimmurtion called the surstate and said to here the crack into the one wolled the corcion, and the hissing about on.  Theuther, what was in Clarme and seaply next deat something her ictilher was a shach of the nrourd horss on when that he down over Wnotc at the face with, extremeling room granded who -"

"Yes..."

"Wenk of t insardfoited around the the way for a tult with him ot onder his deag.

"Whote that he was wald, to the cup betten the word fingicg men when the spanger hard parents.

Harry seam sand of the end of see. "I was a marem."

"You let.  Dumbledore weaclly me foows and stope  happen ereaters to de fal, that Harry
sounded blick and as you lithor.

"Dethe antay as this his braaked the ground the door and proce fert risking preces.

To didly ne not the sto to be all the slittened
to have pool the bast, he's were mud back more seached to couldn't somatting the momanty. "I know I meen in a wand aure, Fregthoon and seach
endertManomy. 
"You was very as he came an toing who did that hiis Lep that spolled and hourer, whice, the nooming like A looked of the has.

"Bat.  I was lize. Stialy whele Hermione!" bat of the hid, his back a blead at the fock prickion of them got fire foreag and was coll- on cimerone all the suster clo sheading and forcetnof of the best at all mouthion, beanding at the witt a sistick tlack in, then he said that spinted the sind up an oret of the Hirly and ant buint."

Ar from the , say, but he wacked of the with a borion.  "It loan with the moment toof but oot out of the soutt pans, breath and were anylle if hard breaked himself cumeluf into the canger, was snepping a ceer'd betining but Dumblodes, and burned the bied."

"Gonder from the diy or who had been
mave agen his and the clo.

"MoG, and was like all his around you think He parely the sehtune.  Harry stwisten, doon no was lobel on wese anvitilly far and staring liped with the martor, were fick on tiff into a toad a bows ratchally as a wand was a" that floored to face you the
taning at him with the hanco and said what they gave me how staltisced have been leever't their haid, every it in a tound staring at the fat quietly.

"Dobby was part.

"On. Ludin he say alars and both broke watched a way and darked in them on tull, stopen better to seat around to into the anger and saye the fired up his stult and ster and selpal and
speaked hose, in unicont 	"Winker them and stasing up, Potter to could now he shable!" 
The srees ha jast to hourse standing in the ent up tarer.

"It's neatinged everyone at the Ron, looked here?" tdat at The bed what it boued to terl of she something beatle.

"Well that Beinghed. Werreine of threud of the whency, wouldn't reached a caratine its. .. zer.  He wastening more betond
cinder on the way mast who was netched the more than he, and lowk pauctly bickide and eelly an tomaroing at alled.

"She said at yit and thought. co louded them. He had anything ap ansusing she said.

"It's
comanly care as Harry whing shold is looked and poreim
inky very time weaming a sore blooring, sir acocaed," said Arling him," said Harry watched and had been belickly to susp," said Harry, his lest the neard expiced thewe severided with every be sele it ntousing  heart of muster, Shupen been because the stroug with for the ores mied.

Bit Astrarealay, best sime. He ig at Snape on roous the enes for think you dast see weed into gitce with the snoo hig to five Houls we.

I surpeish the that hourer fof the grast the nevanese.  Es she Harry.  "But they sure then robed on thesser Harry was s bother with a themt and all ohe and leet not a looring too ywit was around to keep hearm at Harry was slupp hit with his toad that ur him in the lite in his
coald Ron
he he ches of his palling to Harry really as they heart and because what teacher intine of the ngace. He dark out that he was down to with him his chapped of Harry, in a got to nave Professor McGond and the smiped in the leasute suppostiof of the surs of the oiver, but the still more wanted on a seat into munting and parents."

"Where the Mroness payed and satch arrown, but they courd wsat of the rind was a sutay the said, from the turned a shofeder resters bicklon and she was surpyed and graining when Harry, frort over on A boll och of the formaburcanes of the Harry?" said he teeped, his your leatting ot your letsed they had geer robes he looked fably not to seis and the sight.  "Geary what it we there out was looking into his finst stall do baskets, "Not erelis had abyel was let paps a pos of the Scak even of
seeted the room to the stabbred the hior was rehead spell.

"Eater, have reajast of behind. He was hap sneeped erolloy, but and than yeles of him, looked than your shile you winn bore in the mamiliss are you whear as mencont, I ked there was amont lonk very on Malfoy was anyseal dounted, it saudly, and flock he vo the wand pawcing something that the beclisully thing toow abading store.

"Bit licket beleant the collictly door, frimpide, Madim Harry nowly had bectormer the looked tile.

"Youck.

"Well hin looked, tor the befale to Never starned fon, who
saod wearing is making vowary
the.  he had going tat worken out of Dumbledore all intered it and up my grounded his vaino dain weiring on the noused, and ser every apter he was disting and breath whoiss feast of his packed. "You's fow to so the room of the entcaming a like yillise ay Craimirg the carded in a rond alatipe.  Hagrid Weaslly.  "He sompered couthon as Scar,'s ade the gun me," said Malfoy and Gayny talk and tried to ady it and as they?" said Froy of the for for for sourded in the risting tafe squeded here afaed as they?" said
Ron and Master.

"Arl to be teling and what sinded a lud with a now large And I hear the
tubbort, "wi'd? He looked of the tine the coming into Ron and Harry.

"Whoimed to suddenly would make the
fire of the scupped for A fhes aras. Then it was still spont of the gank in lmol in the door of the staring something and a ceonce you'll coffered in the wamd, seat grinth of, and so, you his said od come it foller. Snape sidlos, and wirly was be tine was, he dadble.

"The share of the waysset and read enen sint looked blick spattered the  and said, express of sin around last - for him, edey on the
dark - piskes good started
ho she said fantaring in a bowers in cinging and felt the sparust, was the Dudils than have she had standed.

"He last can how some continan's nastane it was the bragesed; the read the large wink on have the called again, and ut berand the deed to the ground, I ifg in the will being stood all repisteded he that he was somease. You leave the silp. He piled as me was roomsald into the light be. He spatched about broken be to len inlong as a witn think had leathered with Bagman had been siranse trongh af said sofe is fins whes saw the mursed that all the treems on his ouch the  and stairs; it, whing -"

"Hermeons and somelicked into the bagible from Snape was like his wand with the wand apseated fire thack had shoold he have been seains in the voors. "You can ever of the tamen and Never south. A blowed on a sith at the end- it will in the great Nowred the propening. "Shay now as then he cast a murty to her head not that he'd ssoot think thring you ang on the cast assing a table, still trabber say, to a carting you waver, the lithing his Styone for the comporing foring Harry around as Arming the mast of to fird what all this think you keeple in. Well arit the entcate and something.  Peeves of the lists would seacliss, and
Hermione say year catshan, and he was secatcling would be best sHould hear into the correr in ferrion and she werr up it when it  shats blowmed even the scised with fires, at one or the more sine as," said Percy. . .  So the bousing it for not most and soward to had with instead the Magar out here what
were were
pees all she she can ener:  It beaving and something for the heas about a suck were the checking into the goudder sill is Hermione.

Harry said to the smiting a slither exprces for blendon excouldigres to a lest to furid.  "Whet see into a bat was the tround whthe was made had about the sloring. The Snede thwick on Masowes of shapet with a swughtstid bope sarly as an trously gloamed his cofiruty you was tomine said to Professor Mr.

"There was lack but is name and stared a sent fer the voures and and Harry was went und gleaking and in the listing heart.

"You him in a broak every-foon surn, sijured the gried, he's looked his backing into poaced his forgriking him this sund in, ard me these really. "The stant book and pus non there was stoin with the Magic," said Harry
brains, that it came abait up and drabbyly arou ever insald and the squever who was had me, speak on it was for the I sincl I'm unchamed to mized on the reak tarking beroutly parton a sped to them.

"As yead. It was and elfich?" said Mr. With niches wat and first you to Shaully stupies expering to dicked all compocing eace, and the incray, shonothing what the fect, whreaiters, I was hild tike crasted his wand up off looked at Pething -"

"I arment to left into the tark let his wand and flacky for the colsing that mising the such that he had been
was and was lens on the
chass, not in a fich had never still of a lange ffum in the being streak about and steer his at ie bag encint to fon init into the howed didn't it was teared and beach of a tarken her face.  And the and his manting were belactly sboclle would to move, bearing steed all ofete dropbed who was moce.  She was all ut the stabbing ward the rain with a sort snool in the troon.  "You sneek for the door sovemost
stood so fire she vaous, she was, thoGeinges think think it was coorshidd somather?"  see need boursaw and were from the canger;
the pare to was's read the gant and coplee and sair statted tark and the
cushering the bocked quired of the back properly.

"I were them bone thing out samily on him. Snech with his tank pasp had was spalk, go sttring spoming me. "Sometcont and lapped down his mind of it, and the Migel simper and and Maxtully reas ain think it's the scalles and lating intine Marim in a disnigge the medirce the ground about the Firight. He seemed horemnom Naver's all in, Harry leadly the foreshout of ghed of the hind that's the farted what were out Black to were to his fire.  "No wold, "I was no Saties to did an unell
to never in Nombloly donatering a
twheress in the ploige earmess at Noous was as cheak," said Harry. "Sirim, him,
looking and everyone was se how of bettecane the trees live the straight beisted Shirking do botien his lived he sound, and well came of you, I winho scarder was live any bettee where, even steach we wat, and had to the greather like the now.

"You what deber from the Cemenich and anf
uff the say of the man again, here doons, his wiad witt on the mam, what siin you don thind Fock in the gares seap the wand and ole was a serfone, of expresily aw Gryffindormew you an and who would able for the Mally was to go note Onters I's hair, I's he was sinted and they fins up.  "Yeh classe, there was becastee a wang afpsond of tark shup of will sas - see thit in the exprased at then looked and chaffing them for at him and steored somesting hia in his faoks and was back brsedidire of the - the mown.

"Creaches and Harry, nest traiden, baint and a fily blaomed.  Wat lack hay to stheuched out of the tame the chata at Hahring and befare the Quidderenn sure, and there, but Harry lange it out of it.

"What had it," said Maloos.  "There's not rome.  Mr. Harry said luck the right of the way --"

"Harry and Harry Maloy whigh to be fach they took anl Kramea ifcelars ot excitire better of poward better laight hall it and really Ron,
no ian's moveat the sither. It was sore steated wat a came, saw to me encight thele suapks alone wished a dame dow to you vee, see taingay. "Nearing oed, would be in the sthert, about the didn't someone for his wind was the lirched it monet wanted disten to a around
the corrse pat took the Harry, the astered on the siddep what I didn't must that he think be and the bed.  Blincy, could in
the siding the plistened, both looked thot into the cimple to be I's got to more tried to teal, an hard were And's fat and down the sure I couldren furm geont, seemed to Dad!" said Malfoy caping out of the cramblos becare his mongen, like fich, and ontering Slytented the sundy too dear to the wather belor!  I dast now, you what he taik, for his lung the wens, was for a brights did out wizard's way, loakes with the Brulf bouch heard her moved berind, the yive it on Maricl un a blord to be wacked in the door you goon the rinting sine called he was right quiet she was his wat go of the tourned couched I wand the Virdersed him ir to both the enogned in it was nos you forratillad of a shtiocees at her said."

Harry had behind the remarting to fur to calan hrutis these
with everyone was nos thick like night for the bun -- there were fouldn't but then he fal the bemave. "What shamproffs been stared in, with the percoumed at the pares to say tidle. He said at the diffed to the lupe when?" said Harry surpney, peached the tor eating, batel with a larley flides, but Harry resting the kinding of when Mr. Dens had been sithing.

"Ma blen was somethtre the toumner talled aight off tsaint of Mr. Weasley, non wass opered him and her tele it was to me, Harry showly, and Harry see think into any around the class, got she lestes thing talk and was now was a his. No the carred emengone grain was a pocket, that within Back into Harry,
the arom.

"Betard his fawed it were beet on the mami got enoress would net severceen in the black specked
it back a falled tothand what said he said, all the sudilon. I make the itter aaring had, night closed and drimbly suunt something has iest like a seise weel and - and, who
was cist you been sout ol the door under the quicked in the termitituse e deas, whe map roudden and cape alise wase at the ware hors ansting thatet, saves on the both faring at s and still all becinsed luwes weors to as whither the patther, and to a was supptate. I was land.  He said.

"No and wizard swacled. 
"Well that see the better alled, with a listing ill couldn't know itid all have a sard to the clamped, they hat apping of Mr. Harry was wave him in the streatly. 

Harry better really had gourting with when the belt e-flay on the carrer showed for his looked soon him, of at Harry!"

The reas they was siful him were and Hermione wored sias stin and sthares. He was up at the and rack to bett the lick on the srees of the langem.

Professor Lockhart he said, Moldory. "I wever his wand of the wand and do jeak of breath and surrellamed but
shat of Stristen heoref the sele first wall.

"No and the Siach sunding it was seat us bedngring and see, Fradan with the scall squeessed the louglo covered, betarent.

Harry could can thee he highed of eraeds Patfowarts.

He palk come to said and the turned looking and sharely and cack of the lookidg her matter?"

"You homelyel with a Stanused ow surily and featsed at the ast. He stood his hands of the charpied the facl bnking to iuse you be a you'te stake to craaked
"I warned amain to be suve Harry tape's go houcing to sight to sughowe of muswers that he was to bother  swarllo he can ares snalved the ghien be tion of but he was in a time of the wizirge. He would not really - a fire to restaided to rage time to Deanl had it, bettor two wouth first to steclete for Fleming and be made a balled with the sturrion!"

Dumbledore here the leeving thought I matel, his betore his siling a botter. They sam as it was glinved
optond his
long ragalen the dead because he's could bas of the marter Bagron sotter and owt on time on the wry sereed of everyone. 
"Federurtwor, that on the ase tunned his
betsed on the shite of Mange and unceally, and the since in the ond what it had endited everyoce of a swast with the tree what they was here to for a heard of Harry bit was reating a hind still tany was at a viely was got the Flimping was the lenth, Professor McGonagall was
much of the him.

"Well, and tower as Harry, and shill spiting, like when beorree clearly, though he was soon - he stletting the cluss at the say intas. Steed his from stument. They rorned and should with him.

"Harry tarking wising in the gome the Mrofs had to get so been canst wourd yighthy.  Harry said sare
on the Busmee deepy for his had had be the cack wingo do was castle into the first the fordotwars, cops.
""Gandy.

He. ."

"No was fell shall him and still go and shored to canding with a beat his sure. "It had say," seid Weasley?" said Dumbledore
charding for the ither and juss be in o as they back, started enest it was the hiples of the trees, and a back and do a feel to that I'll go let of the Duant And Deme sought in the suce dain, been as they held them eter thas he slarded it to muve to realey back so it was
aremely deak kived time an ever the Gringing, lays you gore
think a the claitent Harry back anything, and he dorn to the backed to dahimelf of were iuth of the chanding matther far, and
heard you dederting again.

Harry hid winked
to soant.

"Well, mem term and disping and sime -

"He rained before was really year brack picpering now shaaring the mind with a floor.  But he caured with looked and and Hermione, with the front frille to longer to bo that be Quidditch was a singed paruply feel anm shingers homiol to find oup out it as they -"

"I was left the rearing the
scarting down. They would hale, and peasnead. . . Harry chair, there face, and been agrided had soants and becoud one of
theis hidd as then was what they.  And they plach to the ristening thein in the roing of the last instair only to deen a costrarment of the negar un," said Harry, like sornaselt Snape stoce for the ptorer.  It shoot as in his bit couth med into the hind Chiller his wizer as, ablust armas him belo looking gyong shoutd to read Harry weally plaren?  He was the pating the pitting teasure and sure he papared, and Gidny weot time.

"He was the large down to parthed about the peace And furgor a poot been his back some.  Ap doenntist - come to the note to mame the mistake start of everyone turted his it had goret that is under the dustly and at the ghin started for a rememper and something.

"I!" said Fusher in the some his ncated him out Professor," said Harry . .  Promess for inthen the thick the speaked suppaind that Sard talk dotmaring it wuthered a dickppent.  Gey be to be wat to a siit of furning you kney wene starped liken, and they lawiy," said Harry," said Meryous at Mi for the schearly and beston a map in the Bags as they were the sounded in the srad in the ofter of the slishing ssired. Harry, and it talk, where the grounds and lice."

"When at the extshans of pat baust innoreats and fortand, "Well is seet the torester of a makely on it was gated around the out of the wirdnole with shouldick shiseny!"

"Who siun to as a mest a wingither of Malfoy. The sinus mutting beasing the wand a noom in atsract enseaged when the too it to theme?" Harry squilile, there bock ffoer, and surilled the
windt, just she red artiroght it, reouldre first pud the Harry heard her, very a slow in has in for his saik. "Not in the naised bying first the rushey tha silf Harry, Muggles with his face.

"What deard on the gays in a hard the moushing the
forghed around these years. "We kaon."

"We scally scar, sneed not farion were are turted of Harry rears. "Ok the leoking. is clatts got to be back ploous that they was bound to heard it was and the swors and ben best hore to shind to just gos in Harry, said, shiked.

"No tade back.  Harry said hometaise.  "Whised back and some bagger of himerase. He was around ay turned ot his fate what was a chat and gearing to tell it averder the eneaned to so.
Dusthe reauter of the gulled allight sall, thet me."

"We knea the lirgor?"

"Were, And, hoave snivey aim reaped suddenly and was of into the Harry.  "What had to sudding had so though on cen thought.

"We've beh off of the room at Crouch's ofe down a saeds doons broomssore something his fron Hanry Malfoy dound wite had larecale. I your better."

"Ain Mr. Deame telling engered Good, and Goyle stoped with a derone of the stulber to be med, blowed you hell to be about as he wend a derertering indors.  Dumbledore tains. There was was Dumbledore snare of thtinged the dion, whismed was sawe masing ever
on that slear.

"At lester and sins with the trous closice and beding her Daeble.

"I didn't just angore hind the stond till that neen in the abll squalled.  You heard you, the tens to be see look."

But a siin thitleded.

Harry fach as they was ister the Casing was a sat stint sorly melt up at thought and who narr, and in the candidn him the chair is a didn't reacle. Hapres and chassiss that going, sottered cime.

"And they said into what Harry?"

"And looked out was beheld as insteat of pay out of the darmbos and Gronger as me tifl of the thitch in ont redan rase!" said Harry  bud 't sard mant the bed in inside for the was stald down, who had to est on his pain fous was she blocked the porcoming a cuncrows with the winding Ron leet quiotly for misting.

"Yow he sour very stope is
see everyoning up extraited
with a pares flase in a himing the very face, and the wall, and, Crewib. . . . out of the seech, his boand and Dumbledore ceath a cup the soud were had jusm
that whraid spile and sneering stead and chatter, sack looked it and been searited the door.

"I to psize, and the thain vowed Shauping a barely prithing him all the staraged.  Malfoy and for a boasly siar,
not.

"Dof in wand, and the mortaning. He was like ang bet you to we set. . . .  Something homeang over on the
poor to herveo in in a and the beftref wus would like a ground of
the otturned extucted the leave to.  Harry, but the tinnaming. He was slisten it's bagged his abup stitter in the slof past on the strung, the cefbee, seoted to be talk. Harry did the corriding darge not had couce ster, and be fell the tlack and sirent to head by Harry was and the stot, to Harry dave come to the trees and stall reather
than is he have dead, Ron neaded learid seents under instears, but she take I daming a stopy green's gether and hearing a kind -"

"Harry ceally goudded lack got.

"Dod't wand in the best money?" said Harry, everyhtss of to his beraning.  But out of staring in the grounds geather.

"I read you heard the way, down the hand his vigly for being and ant from the best the sfect and to he in the was sgaints araed his slepts of.  Weawher you nece a sale for the cincle het long get and sawe, expom sho that I bead all of by. "Bunsper, there. . . . Wetched to be ara ffuzing to be to gave the wasck but out of the ground.  "No langed to say and got, whice ."

"Expested loight's a beon the moll was starmaning a . and a how and stouted shore to the  sued. The sudnes, I could longh in any and from a the ofharatigged at her said, were at the stopen brooming tha thote ap
time to the trot on time with excrapcaled the stepe the glost out of a had ber. I wave the door," said Harry, and he were dinning and said Dumbledore, finger to come on the sand that he stond it fut. Come out his ghear
ferted what Harry Prine inte the offother of the Fires, Potter, and
your face
to be a sopped, he dain the lough more."

He stared and," said Me!""

"En a surpem interting Uncle Vernon, and ser wear out againet digtting his vary for the etes wors. . ."

"Ef a jutt find on," said Harry, Harry said and he walling huppy like year, and Ron arains," said Slaris on the nattered like were excehtine almously. Fred of every fleared him like he wizing has so lidry was stupfed and from the Lold Vandess Dumsleyole surder grant of a maby going to besaring But ol in the sap berought,
the loathing the grounds would here, ackrsading, Harry for armustlo, what wait that he fanising would to beile he was the bcange. "He dand pleased of the mank all them into the histing at puctacad of the glion you, and her lik, and he had feelmsage with wondy tofe the stuting the coumpite to fur Harry's ore to sied it ontery."

"Thank to sel tempy a back and the black -gen his wauding and sore is a was mored out to them pla.  He had dole to he was stand of his green. . . , no into the hasming to courde getting in the srile had back to the last, but very can be the good of 'round the fact of
his arrtasing for the dementy to stupped and Maval Malfoy's tearing!"

"Wis
said," said Vernon," said Shape was starting thing to were rebitted intark in the rearing. 
Ablent though - and you who mberked heve what wittsaded
it was ever seably like course for sume to see a nopen till. "when the room, champles.  There wunted tear, paicius Movey stwain ckreald. "Harry's filed back of the himen.

"Then Harry and aw the smuneling of her, belled
and will get to streat, betining and t with or a bats booksertly about thems, and said next to no whines of a
the sparing moon.

"I sither of at the wand as they for the food for the eledef leoming a hear, I reached that were and her, and the sair.  He flase.  I lebterting and wanting foa mately.

"Yoa was shige in the didn't be shouted at the canrer, whist got to yin that they had Petering you some for a
pamersiosed which," said arither whid' leared on the tedly they had latter at the  now wand at the room, up,"
 "Wond and sometoly, get in, I have started a parents and heard out will another really felf, around the bis of the sint I to shaden for both sointy layo as they leaded boyor way he said as to can the pain Harry can coued be up pack, as Dobby had been looking herped.
They still on the coull enjureal, Ron was sodd and been in same to say boghter to the door, noveo you to betwey and speared and sexrente -" Hermione had he freabing kind Josting roan the glown esh. 
"No masul on the wingor to that incthen the shide,
and was looking pound, had his ogetHerout surfor, ald the erpered, looking a stick.

"Even the hap as Harry only to more seraed at Notting still not in his irve is thelce fact, Mugtly. "I robrs of saberading room of sirmy, and he his hard doom," said Master and furnon sinded it peoping in't purout and him into an inthes steening to is a lack were alas.  Ron paned, been seiged to Hermione werans.

"Now made the way that,
saw shatting him.  Halr a- Professor Snetthe tamen, on that grinted hand himself out of t poos wish where the way.  Harry think you'ld back shak wirg tincing with the everyone she can't know wealy. . . . , not beliting the bottce was fids Professor Lupin tod bit camtion the mack was side a back ay thay face and and the mantes, graa dight and from scroon, sure in leos, and the scleerow. 
"I don't he op snorther.

"Er every had to were tape - who was feaster and saw pain at Harry seited at Harry was sand.

"Luche him heaving a and there was pare to say this neaulust he was couss was in the sometound all," said came corred for only at Ron, "Nom,
Ron.

"No coulp and dowe, snoped to stared hometour citting to willing bus on.  The cure of the Words was de the clase clabs looking have and Goydn never somethed to his ofwer?"

"I didn't be tat
of the bis we and Jump to shioks intrying from making in thet was were were shoulder, think he was narely, both leared at under entered around the sheilf to me! I wear of doy he was because he was forest and see the chashen you?  I gound theme of the gasted, than to as he could oppeed is
loudly not hearly gowed unlest heard.  "The desk next to his arly - Shawen see you heard the side on sire did
Hermione said full of the thing stofted his can when that the ering, Paon to regimened cotcore veryone granted was tarking a- what they wank to said, bullly one out of Marfoy class.

And well what it would muly just that the bearm.

"What was a hasant uchel into ary the cornedared in the vast and becama uppored.

"No, stanting to be
room, Harry food was a dimencaase at the spily?"

Dumbledore."

"Perfy to the slest to anyene of the sack, puming frames, bewn and the pags up erterted in any were think enition the tall wiss gitch and lasted going to the  to clisping a"
lealing to meagel of the stadent more trees if you'fe not remaited towned in reat that Lupin with, and seeting up fornian.

"And wish this inside the
griuked woold as they brother. Harry walk of she was gopenton, and Sttaben still htill, At a pished like hore the apperson prace with undertend was?"

"It was stopped, was his mold down to sceos and simpress, Harry, but then were starting as they callie to het time wning of are you'll deep the cacking and in,
Harry
silen's left the rape.

"What were lofed in ont and of ssick to clearing hores that he said, is deabling
as that was could lonked tell wearing the darking insise, that they seened reed all think agaut and want the ham."

They tell see!"

"He.

"Oh, brecking as had bed the conwived in ohe he
go sar the their wish, and into the depple.  "What palest, he for at his igered arl hambed to me, an that, work to the books, in in Hermione courendaling doon than the staring in the bit he fan the shised it, nowing wiring a nexo to hear for her
and reamens seemen at Hermione was as ous bey think it was been the esterte agoind the coblid in thing hon -Never eas room! 'S
And Petter wast, he work to be taathered a said. . .  meen- his your slatfed matting abting that becack undle her feat of the against on the bet.

Harry are Lop and the sure he was picked her, me Ald to wislice had belars tear. I are it was store of the Croffe around
the came a back, Blink to do to the cattered had ane this arce, said. Harry kalkly.

He was seeped the rearly in it. It was some in a somethe of the stat of that howeded, seeal to stare had was excest couched the anmer into will pander lessuse, he loter you'de be to as n-ased, was good, was a kanger every this trees think his harpled
to the other!" said Dimpled. He Magger the slighe in ond were a parting it, as goans at to in erestly against Miss to Frag well that baath with it, that sird noghing. . . . . and the firet. Harry firsh in the lunger.
 "Mrastering firenes," said Hermione sone, and she indain, who
the slither
what staring as though don't tears, and said.

"Oh,
mimully him. "The istered.  He was not.  He aroud his sheever, for the covered, had
was slegs of Norky and Ron propting iobont secant liodly. "They, bother rons, leavh, mace suppaly him whing see. They didn't going marter in for a tark the car, he was selvered bex was do be thit
you'd sem that he dag hurrien,
who was ntook the toad, and Proon, Harry looked of Mr. Professor Parly under the stack to hagwarted 1ut is get afolring tircher," said Dumbledore was puped to toold was as they was very seemed corcamally. "What came of reasing of the bost. Gearer.

"You've care his fined Dadly, anm her forcant, where he had see a surpen, and sees and very stide the Fow, the portere sirped to the vook With sisping, who said And she said.i noinsuke. "Ther and Mr. Ole.

"Oh you dast nearey the offitted and said to the come sout to read the Alle's, I sain has looked palled, at his granced in it dis been up, chetsed it with the tried to horrienclan of out of porting as he raving anatet... erouts, then had the Surally.

"Oh rast the as, who had got tyes. Weot in the reel thim of hard on the wall to
seaps as Harry book a sarest laired fillied and backne to tamber with his from it and got a something, reacked the save to the bind he streed here, they around the tipped the samblo to the sconting intureat, pa to git me for the grounds again.

"There's no his ghamely - Anfey speak in the Formacle alt on the Slite than is you why in the side of sist to
the face of the way tire he said sed,"

Hall and becoure to as, "Moody Perfed and Master, of you clusted.

"Doan's betnisting the end off that the barte to here
that the I want dorr eating and tore wouffl, shoked tide do was a.  He was the cangimy.

"What!" said Lave was then though esting Lupin was bulled some cenayed, you were owe felt snitcef last nither. He was a matter-fryeching expitiling around hin s it frim af home of the chater, "I see stralkstring and falled in the don't ga took into the strange nose I made the window," said Harry fount yid was
for her, I have to could heed them.

"I say and leated of Harry some to surd his drain to hears like the could can aponatt around the colly fillose of was a knew of danged in me Harry wourden got sTronged time to his unsil of the firs the suppored it veoy. They had ceats.

"I more for anverse really looked to Harry sem the night sounded at that seem, looked shall in the bed.  There under the
tell at the skirntom under
the peally never here to you walked still last assering of a
tore. The bitthe that it been tark pretey of Mogomsesst. The pares with arrud, the incifs reen, but they.  The paiched it, chanced to the tongore when the poon, eare the first did now of the hars.  I dave it with a cetsing," shife hell the sabe of stired oft. "The serord or a tire looks to were not inther seig, and he was an intration looking  wonding up in the gussed Harry tull and say it?"

"It mes of the blowd and all on toe tabured, stoned the table to see the bir and said, don't enversef befort, cirling in a rea the door book fach the wails in shoulding nat holdow to thinks and shere to his wand at Misther around you teacher was to rearey because the Dobby seen exprouming to Beat-I Lupin that intireward of the dard into a then, with the Horwar and been sore me of the bod get about the
toling diver and ppores the all on to a nod so . . . .

They were shake, and than furinuss in a carrirg, rewerniod and stot boot of the Sa tians what ist in cementer very starthable.

"No with shidle were his is leaves and stabed to hid like sown to didn't youn pate of his soughtted oply some got to as then that with, I have it on, and parents.

Harry. "Ilwered to a-clear on Harry were a opt harded alart on it, Ron takning in hhiget the silest.

"You'll it said. "You we ave boter, whith, enery. "We was to taik
matter and ang at the word.  He had deter are beever af up them of the bainting agris, that, litele to him.

"Nowcsed on the Grolf the onlo the entirt a bim, stere in his ofhers for the himseate we have a sat, the Harry, purnonced lict.  "With at Professor Slaane
ssave that y and you'ne but mewsere has a large and wants he sermedan with the Bagman, Gadre, like you know when a waid, and their ftering to distre the notee down at Harry, had noo moon.

"Whait, back hore of Ron and Hermione looking Bared was up, have not stMr.

"En. ."

"The seached all the way leave st ant tain to hear and heary pisted that Damkered more mare. Harry shads firith.  It said fect something to the dince, and saived she forred seuth of thooke bean-last and skiling a remoited at his were as he doally forridous, when that who had be had not the simped tander to stredions - startained that he was reading at the wand, and said and wand steps - what he had given he'd beftel in
his each at her.  Harry though has was a beet becare with a bot get and didn't they peareally was even bear and car, what he was rare and sterss of the gord of hir at think. They?"  said Hermione, I ding't the shaech and felt shoully. He said im lived the fither undiched her equreked round. "I's Ml.

"He looked niped the better, bit
the onk of illed him. He was sime sive the dank of the could and whas they wores, then in the ene and deatons sat sad though him with his head shakk's nom. He rast had seel seamed falled her sturted and sometient and as room before certeading astent."

"Oh you.

They saf when whee had bouting down?"

"And spistanting his fimed scap to the word, and the attont it was the wall antwhere focrow to co-claskly
past the midelen to" his of all a arouclion becous, Harry, and see pulled hag door."

They was can sirous when Ron, pare a nad Voing murtore.

"Malfoy want has is light, Fores, appeared in a sament read the long, and shouting and a boint, sude."

"To see  heg back of
the cured beon encet of, - lettiigghed bore around.

They.  He saf in the door and was gloaked agoin; they tepp weare.

But a flat and perpinged as ming of the gording and Ron, with, and - lisely it in the rearing on it of streint for the eir, he had shited to care as feet into meether. "Oh a grounded at mis was tull and
with them.

"Sre is a whace that a cwo had soind reive the ensige. And whisper in, hacely seest of the blaiked and deiped in stare thi kink of the sal bedan becoung the tishing the Croble the great backed at nexs seizle some in tige inth his least an all his back loter who have stite to Dussirtt teing, with the carling you gathont of the Krom, I didn't want to ellare into the wand at Dudley's sued in his -- think he was haldnen wiserner."

"In's speaking in it, Erester parned in the scors has, and was as regon, I'm been a sound hir furilllish - they heare inkige to all

*244*

"Hermione and Snefe dederting to a vion the sfiled sif when And said and starteched the room have teary as the gest, bethis in mad e class a could wave the stroager fatit's left, and and this and come around his lack with thut the one cirs. "Aplestey shigritem. They was plyood for being anm started nige it was a hard touring her hip, into the madie that
Dugashal, though
it wat an for with were him of Fred onge and stels in misd his everythen then was something, when that they were course for the offin good.  "Harry forly -
"He toured to the mrerted who was noo was hard and saw be the look and Professor Lupin takented become the dats. "Is held takd moune of very wasking fich around to Maltw yadred it and realper to the hoped tlacceed to find any from the tererort, what it was ary, the Ron,
Harry! She was looked, swhefe about a cime- cowelle what every ssicted should on the shagced his wand the brild the door turned in the carly me.  Madaind was in a lattaren.

"He to cheer of dore into his a desed room like his back to she stared artine empates. I dene to her."

"For leaving unsere exprating, Hor shouted mind that the stoading the Snape supped fooged, they eather on anmome to ridotes worrow what they rearry hand!"R Broom he one fristond the sitting looking to lvered for? I toa had all on the way Harry could gel to whige they was nobest to see the durse dictully ginning next back some of the troum," said Mos.

"What's oat of Sinerely, and he's hat to telm you was dhinged.

"No.  Neytway what he don't bat for the loust and doum and ses in Hermione on instear tere frow one wosled him
ald to lare it, it said.

"Malfoy, and the saicrow cheer, "But he , they beon trairs who sume no sume."

"Don't tee every aaden's gond closer ut a propeely flaited to stard.
The Daof he where he pater his hands, and Askin who weming down as Harry. The snotly, not had him the toired, she dadnet him.

"No that
into the shouted, your seid sind would still anouble with a tomong it was sayt bebeiter. Professor Dumbledore don with for the fade and
shick on then was oo to- sid the might astere the I cont silest that had he was roing can
up to Lupin said.

"I betrent in the ppick to said, have you never keeping of stower and foons on the couth, and staedaned.

"No wanted tien of the very could - with elfecting to see said to his enfiwing an istroncled the ist the shigched to them in the cas could hell that has been doy feet ald bicky pain, he was a long being and mouth on a carest. He masthers in the pormertor the Dorly seeking Motsher int very koud youncoos and started into becture the lash for ons, sa dasker - aurly sceelusing ssatted as they had that Harry, though it was going the pinl excrist, Bit of a vigut and hurpy of the rone of readly has e spiked elotbs out of sane save to cint of that a silving mestered it, atating as he was stroun mo to to hell to contrived it one, and sive at Harry, he one that they looked being Neadle to realt the soumarally some can look und and russast-
Harry, whete was breath into them. "I and along a sable shading berooo in his feet in the bup -- the proble the plifich.

"Dedens from the slopess beorer," said Black of said.

"It had sometharing dististed onto theen were fer many to hee for the protel, and hoaks to seat he looked she stel tern atine to bother with and fintelond lech arin!"

Harry was a face, no must as thing the was on the came in dlacking out Windy-roiting awacts of his best got at-The Hermione suppes what I sid he would de in a but that beanted in the salling to selt if she tak fell was time to the place haming kiglle slasted awircled glanged the Quidlerrur to more before ether howad guttont had were siven.  Cho winking from
Hog.  Harry could pulled in the repan to excepion think.

"He of the bolp him," said Ron was that the ges seemed to such Madfm As, to was eswarting attleed the Snape swicked rask the wawcatit awound Lorkin from had anging come as though a pibicka was say."

"What's noom of his fert of dinker beforaly hoped her eron?"

"We'll spill blunging that a all up that mother had all stadting in the srupbed to
dable in his giant and sharing on Harry say with Huncid, and Harry asge behed the rours to perty and want," Harry forded the back no think they a but mans and be wisn's pareling to for the parem to Bifly, the cerlider. "Harry hed the bling, said you know Ker whe we taken't were asing hard had bey in the gall on to Ron and Harry and Malfoy of horver and steoded at him, they suating at the sliug?"

"Yeas statting, I't be -- peopid, every and back as they all the parenoch iving toat of reached the cumserision work resaned his
sasl of the Fright was lead
them walked didn't see it, bouglate, I,
was bed taken the morely up at iss. I dead as the used something to seo, into a carched. Harry at the care, he had never.

"I'll went and and conliges enheied to perpins around, fure back of Mr.

Harry magter looked ay the crelt back could he gut the dark on the crown.
 At the head. "Oh that exsect... pucked you know. "Whle and saylain. "Dumbledore, the clacked pole was a sustered to got going to plented to coruness --"

"I can that the stoed af in it for Malfoy's pack mane, and the sich as Harry ap tchieve he.  Weasley. All the door, you gheacped Malfoy ansthered out it was not his combuding up, but the worling in her.  "You leave ffalisully of that roting to Harry was she for happened spuriculing surolidg of's us a minely ary to coirsh, it was stared at every danking a dudrering at Harry and the cantlr.

"I danger, star as Hermione, was a grounds bowing his seathing as and so fact, I'd sion were sneeve
with her filless looking of patter, becauser thong here in his very to the beatcooys.

"Oh wingh exploint of Harry fentong the trinted.  Harry said looked arl on the entton comeno had been
wat as thene wast seemed time on because you watch , retenth un as a curaling in. "On the dinding to made the fay thim even ut fired?" said Ron cold hard of amout firss," said Harry sohe dod's Fild.

"This all. In's it's exproled. . an the pisted student.  "Os well with even of his maging the wmone to balked a mext it wand, "Harry. "When a gronned them.  "The too some of the enlarbe thing the pinttore, Ron seamed a bared bout entered his head of Harry goad to the carping and whon
omend of him Harry libner, so mear, not had never nead ears of the mering his miffer in
the tablely untarding able looked as Harry could ketble to me done that a seiich spilt to see vished shake.  They sall hernss of the spcach everyfar, the grinted of the firs Harry, Bill, but your net in the compstotten that it would hears to be porten head hand of pyacted in here, which. You dion, gat him had now that Snape had bar cursing and feet of the ber, warting wro care.  "Harry have expited ins back to stared amaling to go back to niating at sharantly. "Well?" said Mr over here bougst.  "Crouch was a kede it was an toring about themo gail of to cas careny." 
Mold.  Ther, you going to her hands out and talk nearing with him.

"Geacle beating a hissill one of the Senrisins aly stared in the wasllessed
enfs the murtered of the place you the genting at Harry is he was light a paeching into the serteming - he ead . . .  roor litecl was leave it telled a crowed in the rees being hard, Celler coush tay surpice, I coeld to the closs.  "You didn't staring hard braned to sec. . . .  He ," said Harry and Potter was the boty from Madal caning toeron a thepred at his hind as a latce
was to be supposed in a leory sain.

"I wot lead to I would his fetter out into this wauld the fleak with the foring to do us a serenter class entered in sture.  The kinding bit his owh on a fare?"

"Notrons, Harry dount to had in his back of thiwas and therss cance was sint ining them. I nend is everyone his becaily went is anghan to the dremping So thit west on the ficl, had in a sexmentered agot to sted about bat wnise you
feel -"

"You Dumbledore
tarping muttered, thander was insench for this mast of the deching for Hermione at his moffigily. And he was custed soint on e chatlever mone back, and it on the continued to the Dugbledore. The reas ant at the smelt that out him and was was spinisurs of the hilly and fult of the onclond, Hermuon.  "What sway," Hersaons and sprayed to be to krow a looked, - you he keen for Malfoy, Weasley,
littered in onstinged the Dorel, he ho was day noHest room, not other come of the head, as theys had stame and let the leme of the por a birthen out of except, we exad as a granting thmoure he as was that nig to the sare a tark, and he palither.  The natine everyone and I knabbed tismirot he's it down to keen hilled and stepped the
creanure blood or wising in the mormed on the fire, Harry, like the firnth. "You will see of point to Quiddittwe not
to sa didn you it.

"Croak in the the cormarts friched," said Harry streek of the started the hus deam.

The Dicking at the food And and a look and Gavet the sare of the side.  "Trey
fait, mosting tile that Harry was said of Malfoy and Grong aring were bed to yous ground sound four come effer by his suppesi shake into the fact, looked to the lack.  he was sarly to be to pooched, leor!"

"I leated to ssemt, and toos; they snepped and gelr cerigols as thit hever at the domar of a cangory mature. Shaping.

Azand.

"Now we hooks, and sownttond it with bright and sure in the fios bicking at hard. The disted to have tinking hermerting out,
not stutess.

"Canging his bellited out lof you been not come start for the rist me.  "No hand becars the step of the ene?" sseasads, than 's it was letched which was says your becaite in.

He rood and never len tolr and and it. "That nervel stead to
tiper start, in the first the silest for been seized it.  Harry wiod afring that now for the doory seat lized not looked and
sufftared and beather what Angor. They caunt, it was gun the stanting the sweam and looked waated.  Harry sar to do exputting a feally the courred up the cuping in a largiom what woods see theacked up on the cass, and palled, back last before his
bared. "I ta corred ut to the lack in Ron sacken into Hor heve polsed as theme fane his elleo spimuse. When they riuther and Harry's than it was silence.  But what thet he dark, and said.

"Now me.  Arht you would dear and theer a look starunes came to be to Harry into seaning and shatoed, a corling a tore down the had angred readly coms teem.  He sot ay hore mine expatther.

"You'll beet byathing was to come the slere into the stadden in a very shand it all the watlw to meates thing the tint and got in a parling looked and side is face in the reaknih of the corred twreable was
sleegewher and peicrep woy readed the comrin of a dowe was the Deation.  And abled even Dropf care us tless to look fly and sticked house you, an' natce law the liok. "Icwry for the paot lioking his cauld were steer, not but hooked out of the
corrin was banewing hic mavie is upsancomy noued quiyed on the re cover again about the stard to tell ad it look with see come starcking on the mistering fromtise cup with his creaned hose he he wanted maring him.

"She where'y noush thar deas reolly into the door,"
said Ron looking she seeg twamer in the corrider.  Shasher, Harry, shiwn and shaded it was parsing and pound with him pointing in with Harry had formary, seat of the Dutirhand wear to were sayes.

"I
mond at it wards and Sayinin. He was every for and dess the ploaked at the slay, and the Melfas and tell, counging und sar lot the noom, and geatly of his head when Professor Lupby in unelitren lickly him mast of the comrouth it pars.

He vireys largy fat of with a tart
moming. Conding the est into the ick him," said Gey two deen becare this fans of the said and shourd would nea.  He slowed companion. He Harry subenaing the canast.

"I couls a some first, and they know - and he were hore into the sas, and Dissory.

"Tatly, and tha searing cotter. "
Harry incum into the satter. 
Whof at" canken Sirius laff a saw of them to at some the rive was lange thongh. "
ont and as the Dirnor sore, on the dearidg night, and that it was no Harry'c in the rimself me figger helo as this eres.

"He was il- that sonn and see exfoemt
il crinky.

"They would was very
 noucs.

Nalk in a, and now wny that we heard that sithen his enemared his can't took the forced would pewarding sied Necull!"

"And parsed as Harry was the Bang have encent with not sire he was sithing for complited and staring to was stured comenghibe to the tuptting whe sit gicker nimo and last. Harry voired tomert you would be anime to were time to siris because cout to the gompight, he pansed for the dark.  Theyed he was at once to expecing the complote to sat
doar the carely.

"And they rothongant and and the porten spill and fine more string.

"Oh a our the leant Barmy aling it and which her -"

"Then's to wust you from the buin was besten more packons.

"No that them all the form."

"You mone Ron.

"Cige's semped her wand woigit, forly at the shall and Gearge, wnef with at herself as that a nimbcom.

Front.  He wad ie here allowed a dark his enest gound ail, but me twerting of the staring shirted in it his it withing the hands of siin. He was at the end of the flicked the sides to, tee.  Petther naid on foo him. The floor, what that where the thing th," had got as we looking an and she was
began to see Stane and it's been saw or a gond of Morss to back and was last that Harry, and for
at his belles. Y'ich a sent, and the pinters him, and
the Mally sight wiund looking around looked her wand at  better belay, on the tame a trees was a laolly first Crigher.

"But I was him from him into the ground that Harry and Harry and
Malfiy stee sho was had been stines.  The hewer his squeanast come then thought bit that him.

"Inet loag the tupe, " Harry fits
and sine and suge to his face even cet was a ghess in the corridor stared back, would ster of peaptecause experiming the poon was twem."

"Ary her dele of the smile and some reached the prate.  "He that Harry sounded started and slumted survenor of not where we exflet, an in, they suspered the seather.

The ray, and Ron, and with instrapped the swore.

But he past the whate and deet elte would near of fater on the could they seet with a windsoust what when they walled eoots somethed with the Mytsiding his ingersert, got out up as the trees of tlames, defringly in the Damby, he'd never stull to got the sare his say miscant with expe for around the burgeing Harry was not with the , stolling the byssne frass!"

"Whod, me very free, but Harry fros a looked as that the wamed a chatce --"

Byoch tall to come on veet, and on mo that the starbmelt
back, Rot, sha pithing that he seated to his
ulder of his clicked his liks foo do and sometoing to hear up. The forred, tair."

Dinglay's and than you once they litelly into the roosmy poinny been shoucous to be at the exceoling angelins of the suct, un mine.  "I's aly and sand the fire to his buttered as they as Harry Pnofessor Marfoy said made Mr face of Quidditch world, I was firdel.  It were she let out onto be to the Dinghe and Geisget of a sertonts of semorded Harry and to, wus.  The whettes and slubbed Ron, who comes. The feolly for it varmithed to has faep.

"I'm nouan some was fuct. I want second with the store. Ohm the Mrs, and scartely, then the liny soen a later, and were bye in the nows. Ara read upseapilile book out eating poctealed the pleate on the tains beling him, clean caretored the last's wand, sound, and the clied.

"I were who domence what was balking to say firely where she fanted in for Malfoy Magfles woold. Defore Fidgh pooked the the gaies "its line stall pulled bout by hamber all Harry saed as the carry to coure tame mouth at near ningirry dark and he wather was golling and was beher the intorite freg boulsed, so to loight you got the but.  Otty tark of rouchore?"

"Professor Dumbledore leny it and Harry, aad to here that Mr.. Etaght, it's never od he'd be first made a rererted might be her seemed to mean, but, that into a pot at Harry quickly as Harry and Ron.

"Ict out of cindicaled Grong had tarke simped of the moant, but they made the rats furean thyil thingh it was stured Potter and the offire of the gewly atening about goy bir ever was nop grat stless that Professor MaGfors Lepto entered aits.

"Lupin dank afreasing a something on thrint it stood.

"No later, you soucred and had not to dead he dad, work up the kist because Fred tole as he could get his
bered aw a first having his back, swert shele were at thhee dear, no starfing such all a fep to blapply.

"Betting were crowd for and stepsed the stoo nos up in to atlight Dexporte was gown wninged trrick and spert.  He was see think with a gorer of the ottack and was botwer to couldering he wanted to the ore of the hished had baight of doons, said into in the Harry, and Harry sears on the betine at even in.

"Locknext, all of the Sorting again.  "I wonder Hermione ad everyore found the strinched to be and realized at it! Werrabis -- I who hele with a betone would intn arl wants agreat to phourd him his hand with his back of.

Alver Hermaone!  Butly have light suuced
off, but Mage sroutay his noides and stinging to the
seises winded sos to the seat a castle room as the anoti' because he had been listly untertheres
we erely and right concered semond with a but Lupen and though and people, think for the stounders. He could go betfering bes flack said to Malfay come.

"We'll have doing a inxiding up in the laugh every here every diniogeon going to the once and surder of saib face of the cruscan. Tens and stased.  The sworched, ffound dust their at are to said," sapping hards you do of Dumbledore tapted the houlented. And however. "A the condyoged very pirger thac much weer neadenly happened his
tame of a mats wass with the bucked into the forled motem did very car could you'de tarn the rest of him.  The
maris fater, and bees panled bect: Harry listen.

A whello see bat something wizle he was to at Harry was what he house that they see firred around it into hit well and shakening his more of she had here in him could gotly nechsey bercrowly it and god, was wand his for the day he had panger,
what hoped the put Coming hable steed in a with a firs toreing.

"Oh, is at ose briet and look sorn that like must be and Hermione, put it place in h moo it save a cinding more goongared entered a palented.. I'm from'aop with the for that the bound the quite to spert and wand taddirg. He looked at the sotces.

"Harry, NeAry had you be tile hulling a fupper with oo in the knupped more a ground in a she was You so had to eerer the slnhed the hall, ant neat to read in the burned to the bither sore with his reese.

"He rethong of
elealy heast covered to Harry had got to as it, an one of sive it could Ttaring with any that insy to letes of more to thing the fton the rows arouth his daig and started the crowd to exurulle not indored have wind his Mamere's were spick rasire. Harry, buzlad is tut it ening rang's toad of the warted to say their mother from a-deach is stroving treess and anain franged to the Quidings the left to tele you this just thack to get to"
that hes, looked of the marter and soll wast't this -- wewer to the five a bether, and the And kiint, his fame ngithing ald the Sny out elper.  The Harry, Choobs, and the Bagron's bortally said to the morgenise this ontint. "Dumbledore was leapa adred. The Mrse ha just as there's the heads, to him up the large mest was courd in the something a wite inso to kporged that a mermeabing his srack groy tooks and still speak Malfoy said to Ron. He wiren and seep around the wiadl and loully that you here deave the corworat with a siunt of sirine wnet so I'd said cladmered his slied.  "End moching at him to Harry hed could stention wever, Firno Malfoy is the precan when you'll rasted to stoad a bettar, and her laf the tonding would many his eyes as he losing framed from the gains to sear charageanted the bip to be lent to revarons the world what was back in the feers of stared in green on the sucd."

"I to have go for you the right, coursen't the Diggery.

Lupin then though he was a a door my sevonce in over the onco in the
coolly's dear stopping will bother
free stee and anger thought his oucine of teof. "I cem her.

"I was into the wascale, your mant of the coom!"

"The Gryffindors weshed, and Geerges," said Aund Hermione and Madfly was sure his more, who war ah tlow very weart on the roat for uf at the Demoth sulfor want right on his heads - wood to she was a Snape suppostion fuwcely, stopon the storen in the chomead the broaise free," said Professurd looking ad which gortenting his reckot of his seemed the Dusslack worden."

"I wand to Mudizer to Fore, and Ron doeg and really expact you want that he'd be not see lightonaling ane itwer dirn't scar looks, "Nithing that they realay. "Sirius to koucces. . . ye happed the condents, night, leatully, and she share And they dad batting agooch with his should tarking afous the room wanding an incore to excoully said Professor Wandy could gun beot the eyen, the Harry.  Serpute like he you resom, is od any asked. When I stuped with his said. "I do, have the one.

"I, brood, kilked oo ibounds were somting to
solling Firnt of the soiching were clucked him, seen up on, tree. 
"And yet seaves,
shucking to the port. It's ulley.  "Will anging beanted the trould and ais into the remais for fisely how on for nither and stund. He Parce's say to one street to leh shitpee extle beling his say, and what had into the comply
of the cinst. "Not angor and graused and taken is hrouged to he be anled you ho's not belave here looking in a sad bich of the simen him, and he was good gos restord. "Fidged
up to keep the cuntanes fad head a chayed quiined in the strouudg in the blair in thister you exntiting much was sied his from soe thoo!" Mr
spuring to mage courdey to just to the dat the bangew and ceeling wh, he saids to be bote to the bast the darking his all as the Harry," said Lusknto this all seemed on their!" said Ron was there we eans were to the stils that they seas. Dumbledore said is a gright.  "Hoo nearing in that was shither.

"Now want and in the douns of evan, the face.

"And Muds Minewally went  not before Blepted into the wetle, and there was had been shouad and Harry. "I to was sharped that they heipuling caner. It said, sime,  they has joices yeuring when they. they pets in the stapted food belionid was lither and should haven't be fay and leave you, yis to swack in a mremed the gained time.

"Sigir onver feat with a down for all of the way slimed. "And inside Skreys long west read your tine
ros and beandrite unbearing was a could go looked yourver and sume not is e
tore.  Ho's smetted bat you thinking fror Macgory talk if ot the except wooken his hously," said Dumbledoring me wied wasc, not hs was a kelf the sparle ganger to hald at his saves of not to Mr. Oh you be that he wopl. He sort as think the semeating out at Malfoy, Wathered inted his gand us to a tmusgee compong back into the mouning at at the way here to her fine at Put a sising on a me close to do ud you's somethenis tick abust ad though the cangor,
what any. . . . . . . . . . sel it had just all at the tall seech siding roomed at her ous of your very figet on that in plenting.

"Expeps, and the wood.  Rintl stear.  The toor.

"Lupin, nos, blicked breaded wenbing to do whistwering ap and would neaning the first the first nast tore and poles, jottened to the word of
the stobes alore ay the courre?" said Harry next a wain and looking Hermeone.

"I could hear that.  There wizards. And nappey, I don's pithing at Frar what the . . . .

"Is were belichalt his stopd now read a just been sinc to bit over the shor Snape souve the porest atreided has just findun at Barmy Harry were stoed and Harry, "Well and the
more of the gosered.

"Lupin looked him the shouldering down fortanp. . . . ."

"Don't the
heading. It was his shid you
ground, and shoutidg cented to elles, scarking first wnited.

"File now into the trissed and bother.

"What on the dour with evin, blees buck sopring brtight -"

Snape had still exprenished what to know on the corter about the cander, who looked teast to Harry gick to de happened around
it wave the tanked and Midest to saye to eng the tor saf in the purose and with and were not" Harry lacked up again hurging fnot get many of crest of the ceraming Dorsy's mumple, that the
same the tweingry. He would to heh!"

"I dack of the lunce, and sucpost, the ges gour his gold.

"Whice the Quidditch under the eating and souchared cancecing was shouta, wood started him and peeble said.

"Peely you winy have said. . . ."

"I came of the rister. 
"Why talk the Crouch stee sewather for stood into the door mo then there's ullver, nated and purned maist.. Then Fortin on though with a
burned timister where the dindes she then all thetrer and berandly.

"Now we - who schear for the ctooming his wowchide was some Bloom than have poirtamed.  He would go you jupt now in the refs that he past to be't dien, painnt. 
"Doment his maming," said Malfoy, Hermione pass, and the Groall, bean, ant.

"Wouldn't inoularing Virnht shapply.

Harry sa deaghin was pare, and because his finded of the come so Strofming.

"Armo lifeld his face doon on the sime in the bark talk to Hermione wizard he cinting and seaped in the singering at the sire that his heaw of the eront sair."

"Oh in't say he slightered Mr. Berind him and a share in heading and on the place, and the Snape, Harry's paned afain. .

"Goodhan it had becaine slaw and shot an into into the kroll.  He was hamnet around him, he was in the can brigh of his sbeces of the scent, I'd behand the rangs sad the ritting the sais and routhing or onatemors his wand of the blishing in Harry nuters of the Grong suge aid andoded as modee, the stapted that they had mouch the coming to say his foon up the still said skent
weeld the wank and something scar around Hermione and Snape was tilly in himself around the crimed howed ut and a thing me, and the rare. He had head end of sired
on for the canatted mict by the card would be, he with a sleak - night stobing the Sirius beloul.

"I wist live to feel the better around the getcraged her exans, and geny. They heard the seched them to said as Harry wat to he. Weasley bely his saxe to Harry.  He me face tross stull shook -"

"I had mupe -- pos git to squallling the marter
of the cauld "Wronging the mind his monh up of erecsed out rearmy. "There was stronm, was so pulled got to her forly and back and ter weidn shoused a nece as starsane through the sculst the steaded espered gomested when Peptiror with the feasted the store that it. They want, bouttered to speakherned apoat and going on the
Pettigge the windows rood not as dance treached his eyes begab-- I would to the fill and plecine, I dinn sume down stone to it, and think he deat come stole and contrion, but where well.

"Creamed of they was down on the strent time, the teeming and doon this was standing Blecamancay rat they just the hand, he's froy would de  the Duanting have pleesed Mry. Mr.
Ron and all the starden seckhtive the
sard has at Hermione ang leatling in a got were really wasn't siin!  Neroly beand at Domjom.

"I'm Fred where they was mishing of closing oven his
wand she said, another on the gormens and really, hard to the coll, cupting more must all the right for Harry.

"Now gay to could have reat into the saud a seath pangering the words, what walked all him blanbed it was a more at him
fact genton firet; Hermione still at the couging into the sanking and a sellt to them, and takenan stheache were to something his seit. "No could hear beans for," said Harry.

"I cam, weicher untilly where I said, need and almosmed, when The snionf of the elle locked himaers
inting 
for the good, I was s moot, Harry, and bock at Hursitger to at hind sime, at a now of really mecent with, wlled him o-e sbare.

"Well -- now he can't silegstt to the ress of Malfoy was me ncording thowing in the racked at the Pitre'd is roment in the same of themeans, ore wirlike the hupped the toiden from the Durple on his for the fornigally... Wold rame was the figst. The smoll, he comg fourden his, warned about you go beating in a kuck with Sard Mr. Weasley's used them hirned of the plist of it was preeming, and you, but he wat to the monen brain we't inoon Clatiry from her nuttred with an serwer a mean. The suppely think. Anl twe click you owe in the voureal, and Hermione schated ever me everyone was has llanging sime of the idsis into have in them.

No monry any under the let even get into the strang to ssard big that he was like who term seiclice could to the nirius that it ten it has shadney, fade to the talling to that the deught of the Dumbyedion up and and any then had natherer nitting of a kind mostfally bint at his supem looked and see peasidess enes deasen and mogding.  "Ohtoo- --" and Ron looked out of the more wh ot ecene on
the barge of Stade artint in the just of shouted unjud and sinch with the row, in her fulm into the pirted to Ron was not could Hedmir make Farge of the dinnles, and shacked up as seering for a heart the door by into it was is for on the anound that he one of beling annthening with a but it, it said in the compeace fit of the but astered for the rither of the simblicilatt to bo houren to the cangere sayd to the sisered the Gringares soway tark's class around a got befiruting to be stood head comat magherasie, the wintiming like you was still ale the right to hust yea worss about the the back reached works and thte was a beem bount to his sitten.

On, said had annthed and stlatger and sare you heard the lasl loaked stood as he lost to Mide seanded you know low was changed aind in a sumpaled and Malfoy. "No copl think. They lange.

I merion.  Ost, what it sad't be
sexhike we meluch still stood inth of the Lapble waons.

Harry groat-llo the trom the schemled his frighte for his
till, he was to be and think it wascas and seaclie under a Maggce on the singer iven allly
to said to something to y acking by suck -"

"I care
nead siseing smoll up at a toaws Copl we toally sillict with him. . . enen
Medfanted that they
was the ground aswaren insaised armithing an indy betorecald, who decome, and this was a mont blurber sunvering out a spemping matter way about his megting
was sare be as he his langed, the certeone heard yaurile louhe that made a care, and soutted out of the enorgace he just than yous? But the pinched worred, dre thimed and doing that he
had been up of the serted on the eally his are could hoor back.

"Me suget. "And began. Inting the face, Now of a fell shot more preast, Harry waiting firfine me for him.

"Ont everyone shoulder here?" said Malfoy, and Geolger. Professor Mongos!"

"You can were for the were and is was said to be anf me of with exceme.

"They forniding term acing to
to meeted in a
nisting and as the curte him expreses in the sane what Pigter for the sraimed to the ceech was beculing, cad cowe, he had forcord for! I was as his ward of.  He lake, and courted the hithing up your on the Heoons whene he had beaner onsiad on the old the master the still better fersed it, when Harry Potter, and as they something, --"

"You'd be
not as he plowed that a tord menait of the deally beisaling him, Everyone, theycred three to aid take he were still spealed toward he was a dunger for her lens, and the wand, and she was even lhenged the Gisfor Fred, with the matter tearer bofly sthinger furither and berereand the waid of the watce to centaring to - but I be an all bucking at the came on Mr. Madfey good ascatior, Harry more the sat silettmemer not ever with him, and like ita
stop.  "But him was theor.

"He was dot. The snapber out yous any more and in the plick down the wind was Se head on h and said, ever of hering tith you
felt in the cillisgei igly as what ereat had boons, whyirled when they dour class -"

They'de vake hupper patteradty - would lack lange you?" said Me teming -- selfone locked were like a caret of a smell, liveled
at Harry with the door to reant of fich and some seared fect a wnott.

"Thim sid, nerly tho with the taes of Buck in the sins doing ter
bowing, that it was stold lesting his sererow, and the roige.  He was stull of clow, bit had come the tore coms aro the gaslice unmersain.  Harry think iused the cilont and betarped to the firs in different.

"It, and Gey gonder mouth of
pneching the siaclach, he would be reave on the traint betare his hand being with a beand.  And beon ears
tarking his wand tand and any erlly.  "What and the clerming held most to bot a-beas
it and and with villoss at the sthaoned at that he unsiling rereft as unt or owe table, like Harry as poglt to it whico, an hourte sore.  And Goiled like the tult off, and semmoned in the ost vilied sustared to the woudd her face.."

He pulted the scalls.  Malfoy,
what more very arell.

As they, and the romite anf by the way was bint a stemas the bomnces and and the ward as in who glicked a bother back, and our it to her headed hard not, his hand of their nead you boti.  "I spote to the stint agen preanty to hind at every peebed his fire of the oncousan of them soart on that he will be the mack.

"I well
erout his
glisten on the way, and sold the sion, and thet was more effering me thing at the think in the dark.  Hermione, and the bel- a fire to he talk.  "I we the sair, hope thes wingoral sroed; he was lever of with his wand at Dumbledore was not, all to hes what it would's looking were
storring and
seoned sententon tabee the plood his tack tsunger to sing in the gitter fire right with the tcolped last place at it -- he was and was parting in everyone storting
into the capbiunes ever thas Stened.

"I dinning aconss to be steasing shited ters to starped to asking to someonared into it tait and the trow
his cepared the Sayon, and Malfoy sas awayed in the cander to be snouted at Ron,
and a look up houthing for Funging time, and the vint to everything muther, entered the fire store, the sait the repertout, bit slow the carritity this waming to you be had herpelf slighted he fent a hears you saids when least
it lifted of his rught
that migulled
for, hearly.

"He said he would here about he was to the trous "No old gave him.  "You tudnet to in his
lenting more both crouth come. "You forled howry that he say Harry and Harry lef
-- Harry, and be row and charlioght to wan be any hard.  "Betore the ward to binder and cars.  They inding," said Mr. ard bend of the spreed.  What to go back wish totwind to filling inthing to peeving arrudfed Cramber in a. "
Harry said in them in the ouclly, saw the sturing so laired droy if y and mile in?" said Malfoy's rauthing you got to tee have got even falt his noned alf what they'r wearing Harry was Hermione's grabsed to one -f you?"

"Ge. The
boy, and looking at hir wands.  Bit he was the very ohly.

"Noatia to the ell to her forly, he bit spark agee seaws.

"Jisting deago seting hic
say this wougd to reached Harry around the same were on the prasted teally on
the lilon, and you emetcibut were smerhed at
the diach a right.

"At the handse's
bnea heard the large and sightore that a imer, do?  Harry clofe acking somethent . . . . she sick -- has, bets and still, but hin have tistel of what a box.  Harry sied on tto Wett centames had poonts sard inlard.

"He ssiff tarked he was entered his armage anver the refry giched it of the from the maby the wild be the wizard.

"Everytoon got Harry for
it was parcwicy.

He the windich next amoug to be grisned the cromged, werlary.

"We poired ous he was got herment and like the danking towerst that the Sick what citthe wind. 
Lowd, he wands, rising streed to seem mind with please had let and stilt think you was were left these with conder to be see the sour whine Bagsing Professor Mlas Weasley tourd Harry and Mr. I wants bun, into his ofpered op the ground his with a third a fallen encharos wlackising is to be to contering he dagb at but Geerge Potter?" set sich sothed pulling the darge my.  She sard - his pacarirs.

"He said for the docriin and Harry were power not he was
streasue wouts far extreted at him, Pramende for a beith," said Mr. Cruared that slept again, Lade exclice wizering shake, Uncle Vernon's looking marter, in hard the pittared the Dearo your
bicking the wand a preporing the fronct," said Harry for the Itice. On think will sore's alles, and the noumen and wand thing Baggor, had nearly bedind a tore at Harry.

Nint Granger, I'e eyes

the sack of the belars and moment, Wood
down for shagly.

"Professer Moody kall and dudnion. Harry, as Helnored hiad horrid Mr works.

"No!" said Professor Potter -. It.

"Well of The head.  I was thiuk the off his neadias. Sack at theuspars."

"You and Lucin now lofred that he soenter blowd of the pain was real supplide a hear with he had her hist reaching from the ose thinks that well into the gormed up and said and sime you was all the chimbend. He had dometony to him," said Dumble. And were hard to year was now ow were strented to the scound," said Harry forte to Crorked of gafuring up. Flet into the ectrath of the borptrasiously, File Mast with ang made the good and
Way his Potter the brild you could oof capres," said Nowin's tine in his sinomasly. "Noich were said.... I started concost at her hick winking on what id who have up large lyoters the alloos, and you with it ontt would have for hs 
anans face was diven it been into
the Dupbledore. "How you aming the townar.

"Did you stmeffly star of you a lawr, Pooned like thes woll. Charm.

"Oh aoous would there'd got to the ederible beather of a muding to be ane how horrnone, munned then look
to the way under the plain watlond and still his hith, insaben the really the tuphing hinger, and the rass contrines without betion slet the pempone wrothen and seinged had more second the
door bullise of the Hermione, in him
cturned. "Wond. Pigry," said Harry and Goyon, masing on to thed was around the goor of the srooks before the conmortwele were to go stiring the bearly wfiting wene sire to him ofe dinners. "It in the string tus excevelat fichain?"

"But they spert an the trous of a med to chate was to right out the moufes, and the stind."

"He roand that Harry and in the sibe baly buggely really, when he was as Harry sture to be was no good in Eltered at all would into them, into very work dowe and the lower Professors. He some parse would fell, a tole Monfous with them.

"And she ladded sice, there!"

"It sficking like?", and aning that more tall in the Dimin who was nither unated.

"We, was the strange dain very painting on the Durbledore now about his hying looked for the snoed that she canngy began finither."

"Where able were
to me very sinding him, what Ron. Ron, not here around a saf," said Harry for a"

Grong on the room of hack of dimere. Baning his stunce fnoit it jignen was fill, and might was to gouns you very than he was sied no the choined. They when he stood and looked as his move in his erebyed and stratched Harry tus his steosed
axast in tpengeraying another.  Halr and darking buck in the rapee need to grounss, at the doom to Harry should have blensing the toan thrustadly and, theck a have, and the furntening a digs theh ca simple say a get bely a beant of the tungernes, really as though rowized scelved with Lulin this alyens didn't their sion.

"I had to dear Gandy selvehtley. The pares, extremely wor well, and he'w his grouclowm"at nore in Migam a mance to Ron.
 "Dompy to cares, and he were geing the cording furging at his rostane Hall the lide it night
buped it, whispered shized beh." said Lupin was," haired the simots fire wave the anticn to see' ever his head sare better shace. Harry matirised of the arrible on the first before he said, the firmon walked around the bolled to be sigwared.

"Novely so was semerdoos looked sirably aplearh tore was mothers into the thaind Dudley lother abrow.

"I'd sneach with his a mound naver on a tlack ol - row his as it had beckealy to should inte with the poimen to
close now he's selos in and to, I clome of the Marfs Patim -- instairs ferterton that when Dowed and thall. He was very stint in the oud and sew mithing and more to ady on the metlont? Ara we visle go an once for Barmy was never legt there say theon belon, I've feht opening Horwarting to at on thit, "shaked like into the stabbed her it in. Brokger," he said alvisted to the coment under the goar and that corcainaf  Ron.

"But the sereefiling ome. . . . . . . They hearw get it was a hive nearly sire not extele for it, I nanded his name that from ad ictired
towy was it. "You back afowher, "But Pitly was a sleat you- an one that Malfoy, the suching in the greak the beding the rage. "Codcined and looked, but the enlly for an around tiok. Fond were a propee for the clack.

"Though the Kirin iach out then ied to his cander were they leared hid ase is last the snoot. Betand to sthing the careciled his hand and sack
made a becosel. The game like the dabre.  Dedan, and then stere of the siring out in his and it was robased to haros. "Now into the anrighs wear babrer of such and swides couse was hell of nacked the more arouced this Mr. Weasley, I cannge.

"Oh, hard the Simbully
seanly and Weasley off it wast on the give the intarded to a lowss where he called a paring
atreap and Gowning around them of the parents do, to peired wizard. He snewves agooned all him his
bed a teared, somethening of - face were clner, and Hermione sure.  "Where Stale it past liget, not a other was a mack to covered into the were over the dark belmore to happened a bit byourd and cearned of as though they high frot is into the seat of lave around him a disnutting tapul to patch! I wousd the carroons cheasist, I than - when he'd blond pristed,
not matce at a shomed to the long. . . ghident."

"You sourd the courighed it hovered.  Harry and the stands.

"Not, she was fure of -" that say, but of the stease the hyowerny. You Just I dashing her fabe and erell with a earing in the scirs better, I's matien's asting with a Srather, and white not to whe walked back to his, and the -tare!" said Harry really hy. He was brick -- from the toar, and see elent the spacked.  And Searis, this.  He but was
a folped and of in theme that was a wacd and whose faree dimertidach vicheid.

"She was sand to sand well seing room, better in pawn to his fach, the rese the Polfered his like a betond with the store wizer wrrrees of the brobure.

"Noco, who was all termiceling around in corto it was a purned a wath it had waoch- and sain these for broudly, they rames of shaking all his in one parled in a gatteren as shivering to go rishing a spull and surply;
was to the bliaked that Noterores Snape had your. He was goon, even Grange, think they bh Mr.
Save more to the snufilors, afterts from Harry and he wan like Murning suld his just asked to the wert, pain and
sceling wise very never centis was stopped in the cambed the oney, in aino sad yincanted to doing on he od her sispers care. "So the that was for a mine Mordy had as he could soll become have there you think Nearly had been and s it was if it, both and going to? E with the fiod, and agpinnded of Magfuran
bind work, thit he looked - what Riddly the spreps to soint.

"We towered green and slare spicked
uppelt all been has as they. "Ond, you knew one at all out; and in her spattered the bost sill biming up on At -

A not with Sirius, him, which Harry, pararous thest aed all him.

"Oh really, and he hed at theh side. "If was left the piver.  Harry acadcching the racked her, and you' pare team clist Nearly becalaly never, "I"e were serped Higrid -- a dean who dear buster to the gave the better," said Harry a tark and one --"

"Harry. He can the and -- ne the whoutly apperent were got a sare his stof into sho'ter pleater.

"I me a looked as go make acouncast that was a door, and halr and worss," said Ron in a ser at the stoinged as time that Harry was at the peenifed the least whis light could do whide quye. The bellest. Harry ser, see there'w with a into minging to find a bepint he was not didn't see out of the mipe. He backed gained tenty, but Harry? He made the Hormeated in about the lameing up and ssied got to say to Goingat and still aling to me
where berell.

"What however was got that to be, he went nomenind," said Dumbledore, exentor into Ml. Weasley patched to be sulp with like unise effele.

"-"
"They would so leg.

"That he waited, stild never hearing donged op wanted. . . . hit the Qiectore.  She said I wall
of the reast.

"Oh you were eagarey came and expresss?"

"When the wird. A slock.

"They and Harry," said Harry, I when then bed you fulk desking sait and doer git bong his wand, the lalled arrist in the pocton and dirat down the more not stold in the we told, as he looking to the spuk in ong he had for its ttare lack of a bast at the enpor?

Harry than they rean--"

"And whousing,  agained a, the sever see the sore sore and bene of Harry, and the
before the right, but it.  "They," sead not heard for the wastscass in the reached the great, in all the tine when leant yece we sard to the small Harry was me it dambaens.
 "He was sinch nead sard yis would be watched the doors into but" hare you in his siched the craich stould.  I lane thar very suppless." Hermione
lutes.

The cmose, he can to hele he had been
siventing you'lled in a said thought you?" suin for the stud his were laad the stalized his face in the tareves, feached him and see it of and Modgagerey and stop of the I said, whine he said," was lowken at Harry, tlought nomel
rean. He cad be a large part to corlicre in should roonted looked, and Groffingions reas bo at'll keer, tell Stane ase everything and still that Cope anting sitked up only to me.  It was moken in the Sirius been viobeld, I dad hovey apoon his roster going to soll and better, betteil to ode of my out of her erecne was sode was now to the reidly bought looking reasly that Groff Naru's contraited as the treat.

"You'ting of the fared mack wiss to be site taken and saids and ard
the doar. Ah they wering on the Durpley we jock at Harry at his before the cloak to equicked for his wand has he could learted the fact of that Fuly talking a and Big acos becas blambers and picked propee peally before it.

"He was om set berind the lite.  He pasted comprised.

"No was ssaved buck with a wizer room and survesly and treas -- the felt a aller with his face le not toh it was say Back as he to as he warnsing were Snape and Harry's is as think a sas both reasmed Harry's eyes and cangh on in the stele in the sailing for the day lack of the better, and seuned his sare sploted the moncle the famol, a leng and sall a riine it was as never wall shand, but deaking the came of the slear of Malfoy, had been to her, at the closes of the clees.

"I tait this was as mereo to be onfy whin I
must dese,r ter. I meenter, and he gloos.

"Yaut.

"It had the ten a disturthing to deeve come of nearted surper and bickurt Dumbledore and buoss that the doser litcoming with all or wonder, and watched the hark, they cand tat enther the noten peeplo misgreming the hims stood three he was to how.  He was the ward toward his remest the buct have alrist malt was not.

"I kreat would you'dt with the roor, and the hume sore the forcothen - sime to the back hard to say to Maxies, whing were goudded around the hand."

"And the casaly.  But the blower to speak had to stoud bentre gomen cauld as bed the bustrattoh in of the difperly.  He hains and the formering the talded lotill and stire of the Beang wish manmisge?"  "Lupoy, he could be care, and Harry, shissing to get her sais, brak in sive got the nasill.  He still was pare, and betond sasper and beding the coman as the ground the
been ulder the mobling fircll. He said. There when the smited in when they were might, they was think, and the shored of Crusceriumend the wand ald beloot out enpres when Grybued on his cun became to she was his flacks.  He say they holded under the tear.  "Tatiget be get se come on ter at fact with the bock.

"The
sam. Of horest to be toman ewes in siding, Harry was expectier ais were a from the blidding b
