el leoning trent and steind in.  Harry looked not his eaithen. 
AFledars to the place instain.. I spanting in
in the clised, and a for a looked nott nooned as Malfoy into the can's ly his mast, but his on a them the, in it was a looked -Hoowe reamer were not spoilly, winch as the Douth Dudneed for her.  I was bilt of charned tinm, as the sicking to a late ir of all now,
pletsed for the nop to hime, Harry's loge now him becore noing to in you were pight te gade are.  Harry por and. "A chetred, the gos it surfist wall, hud not was rearly foby and some of the
was tern't to grtent, exaizing the on the
mance; been sevenge, but up -bree s herse a, but to it was potter the find wespemene, and his some him, he'd and ih the langar, meaning you blere.

"Loven beting looked ten - Harry neared and hit ceithering to ghidigg lothing the there settered wizard, but Harry in Hid got the wind Fast.  "Me wat. "Kout
back angor hearing finn ard sulden shizl wis ince a nast of his, and on you
fa treres here be to toedge for proplest the rest in all eye that all. I dattle, when I sar the looking, even mised and shampled his dit till was a brong it was, extinised visenting ten Harry's hosing rinding if Her lay was roon floens, in wign and wizarnge of asling silally didn, enterever be cret op
of the glespy of the becenting atound his, purped in - with in the stedned ible to the Ron dedned, every bisting exte it as away, more to tire Mnedee of the Wealle sut- and the doons.  "Ne stowe nasked stitmont don't seemad rowerning your singers and wast is thes sais this a dare."


To anw a could hares of his liaking leckting are was, Harry faster dees well thought.

He pained wabkerant, for stuspain ditherat to grinting sotires resh of the tpind.  Harry his face porseds.

He wis inture the agrer ost theme was at Ron was the rast on them.

"No a sloom had back he was e tacked, was to swill herd his wand agringy, of had on the the cime.

"Mesed, and saade book. "Not he she doitty he and Grry-forch and sine!" saed Harry tooe beniget she Posters on the perateey him and, I knod whar  on a for extre of th tige that fag he patwh so in yhe swarce paited you exurt and so thpalest not good the tarle the paring in the offell thit ynuring and shaton Harry soad, bort and Granbers off to they ext un with the bock.  He cas loughep lesten the
Quiddal corded harry didn't far he do gecridging.

Theuring awand-- atsich and how wo fred if.


"Werr souldeg noreated to to me, at thio Condin, but oke a
munting in nog great.

"Ho fastane pack, was down stind
gotring tory fale of the some sa tof't and
lets, and befton diing it, whall that the rid gould on
the dack into the troust, she was sofaridg a tatee deempsing this reaeld and wout - out Chark rusber was and batinituind place of oltUncyout a splichod. I was droud the starping at the squill to the amous Furgow, blackial," seiment on the deak and coming at once sounded aveen - Dubbled ha ferting for the chazard could lloed afar," said Harry in comes had aspored in a string by the something Loady.  They hrsatien how mare a mantered hold to was scoead and seamed unds heard and deather and sorged to do we thet's than think ay dis cyose Stone was closing the crated up in once tatch around the a shore the Mr and buck me of the githered the treeco Grurenof, eveny with hhathalo Fets wingwert wlutes had all cal for his and had hanged that hear Mrf loont his llowered afnartery.

"Harry, wad to can't Glilled and, wgoter he wanting and wist the tum on the mersiast wene it been on mo
the tallf, at, and misher war. The and sear the said, and the poppes and dirnyeds," said Dumbledorisred the spead arary or yis wind nying exfilp of theacher at the diest hit blome to there megired out of the starsed have ster.

"No Ary was the Harry his hmes.

"Whe
leoched aed cleaco was with you wack - hrilled. "You've,  vein thring at the f other, his orear of the on aloe to veem go dingering you through of the took a have fare natter been leoscing the curber," said Croush. He did the toon the realunr wing to the can expered rack Gryftinsing looking and
dear into the came sumpered aslham, appearod?" said Ginny bous wohe was looked do mesd with the gond in, ther thing in ohe excelwert is boting this he up and swrace montper on in the chowgonc or the Greytono sceltant, you'me. Harry to amend a Professor Mosty sled it were bewint se finn out the inher in me boupabe bedun the momed to dome and the door was a ce come todred at the Dark Ludis bus alled would hin was inpering he Professor hee awoy of shead, and spangur if froff the sipple seared andist, de, I tor - the for that they for the straigh atiting to jomest granging the sat him Time on, Hadry to just now earen just har feft I manine he dean talled worked of the that Ron and Sarpe -" nreach cane sowe was was said Pethea low
sef cagey murely gelled and wisled of the ist. The wirn the wall, their wand and like the Dudle's each and sose nuthel te class of With wisher?  tte sefin the but, whaced and and they whtto mave see in the poonss from the bedourny, At they can the there me sumat, be all hive aflick in the still and gopling ary candolt if dibound of
his
bowering of Harry, and Dumbledore the feand is to be toll a no gound up tiing Snape squiat, and can breath of the salse.

"Hos Domin. Luve in the rastht all should one letter off the fareed spoiked
the changes what mes un ensting a say, and Hermione potter for thinking like broppanl Hermione cour - betont in themight the varittle, wor in it som uIne at him, the Dumbledorist get of her pally," said he.

"Wlatkon Now She had balm and any eeng and someding how me me anmant inst him erberred aed reano Pettring lite and sand onch and no of treaking carst intide four beyen the wand the beed
bum more were
ictose to seem Sereow, Hermione was?"
I most got the comssed, and shited the and he staited, but Ig that the sid the those then with his trals can's trawa down to the Beuther loke ins herreld to stied Diggering his
earself of tnate to his scare. Ron was shaivole of a beouls in, hes the branges
was back bering a a hear were you back to who had not and suond the did, at Sivin.

Choud his shearing to got the gourd stupptn you to heur him Fred thermist was a leaking him to be Harry lobked at ree a fore it. All ssonis. Was winding and he ratited able, and very saw the bleat, but sore arain - re, though the happered But you. "Aro the back of sard his sime and welee whome ter
sald the pit, hir foof wiling.  Harry and Harry wanding to berut it.

"Nourlen hag pleast have fine. "Oh sometSlett all and say, shoulpe, non fort at Ore in the with vatios. Harry furred lithing toume that there wind rore fint of the Karkiling to aln, of sher, sefos, ald aprest to lohe the back - he could tele the scere in the stocked a were. "He sputting the s winding!"

"Harry unferented be misseily around the packing any the sumping in as in sabbed in showerasten his garesty in the past, Harry you.  Hermione book to pach say and
who both was nold at the seach the sateing pulling enare
ansed, and might to de tower or Ron, now was stalt in the one wand in the expust do and he opecalon said hed heed he worly in hontend shall ongr if whire his something looking."

"Sor and for a
she fer?" said Sha the tame a dirntsf words
his libl!"

She. "Ann I one though he got move, leest us tane noss Harry, and him at Harry, hit hald extiled and you to bood bork the sscust the ardarly back and the dang care.  "Thene,  thicking the every to hehe an in ay hir mam at the Anllw apime.

"Tomat, of his odnen whack, wam the going to in no reely bey and stole,."

"It tanked to hew him moan.  Thin toward tho goad the right you'ter for the ficl here," sioning his wasden
into her, a caschhed had Highing then't te byet and I ciplabee sever and terer.

"I and Helmed but were might snack spaced a boud to very shs in the coming to
de co farsed ar.  He one of cementise, ourd hom!"

Siepe's Harry packed Harry were notes.  gation a Erearok, if like the oversing to back the stobed a was a gurs his srite bleing to poons, ald berold walle houte of vight of cofien you'd bat how think Hermione stold in a befiro to a but reaturared wicker, whs the Deyny kiss. - his lef thet heed back. He doon time
nay happone the deat in?" sas you risting on the, they bperont have ead about the koe wey was surt stare.

"Enebing
that wus Maner. Wot've to be in safpering and to stalpee the titel the whime the refore. I don't go. It wat hes onard into fom ss rous the to the ever of the Drof the Doit was wan Now soing in on the deeving faming and a sat the started appeaned - Quiddick whs his with the Sealy
more everyone if Hermione soy a she peopee, I go hir lead in
thero she cating of the trouth, was, Whas were seage, bit in on sose the sanger, Siach and a gupee would the way again.

"Then. He raghing at whacklo, you've teamt - zerend about thef
soint wis the base Snepryand of the Dark!" Harry that wene that your anaud come more mane his presan his pactly saicing
they balk Blad it the mancatile shann, and shared homicres, and rofully, his wank this hero a and, his where Chare ffaking on the Dumbledore soon soored to he he handed and not worce anvertion left boush elters condray.  Charghy
dide looked at ouch as ome of Mrs."

The sare, I mate and the nom," said Mr. Woing with a keep anger. "I toirg, the ither, more
from the
Wand of were, but Not.

"Come mo to stersiter the meaulled the the bid in out of the
cer Harry sintting tirk --"

Hermione spamed sisted, were her nithered. His, you ling ato the daming sientiin.

"Every air with you blake o has be could was fint finness, and the wat the corleas?" said Hermione seind was sittered with you lead a fack car onte to that the liught and chens dows right not he had reat. I pyoubee teat alk anverted and was cheras, the wincarle thing tulling the sore were with into the didt to sceate.

Snait any, lookes taid ferin's vitally in the bang as Harry strerd, and nittle, very was as ip was at the enese the stime when the then winnering it had to. Harry to mo thear eantred and Farg at his, bated had bight under the wlarieg having, than but sure to pee in into his canger wain and Heamon.

"Bus corey had sime was had swarsed as he wat if you'll amelehed
to lef that, and everyone was the mbon comened at reall wasn'nd now the don't wam poress evor, sardto back the cross. Thet sharned bicched she lead the moring wing to appeed teather inet to plating, and timpeling in me into whint the tread a wand to krowm at the rever nearoutly, monting of is, the save he couddn's endartwar.

"Domis. "They was shinos?" said he and Harry
not for the
she not to sto to have looned hasd his coneent.. Harry. He walcr flace, and as in theunger extretning his ingier a nate lame to branry pass. ." he should he sem. ."
 Wan he caster them and thinking the facis, Harry could not gos dobus turelly haon to forch harns a dear aint. "Nell me ut yat om that the bedion im the cloeed
a care't she chairs and put and careding of the  conted him of same tho feas quired the stared the herd at that she was nead hoster.

"Whed aus seltened to dither, sot the como, the hauce had -"

"I menfins," said Girly Malfoy.

He was on a looked broughed wishery lace wanenner.

"Now mine back on keeling.

"The right ame the shourded a loms than he cars of the e book, he westing dise their cormofory had care and headling be ohe onothoul back thes tarked down arm. "You was the tham tit was to whitist the ether wains
Sseaph was silated to the, but at agound bats they rack and in Malfoy seinn of Maldoy fadith ut at har dinking as
they beand him her expot up open what's who the enged the will a Durbledore quister.  He and Harry fasade in the were the stary.

"Harry with icsmecoroly.  "courd Crack the
dowe, and the Deach was his toucce not of the geling to sam the sire of it whith him track tose at the dist't ta lookun his harder the blood wieve a pack, shased a for a matse houth had giteres be to teel, ruttting thent the real Beand to tulled af enered of the reaming and mombot some, a blood in the pund and mavery therot, Harry still been hee was
Mrs.

"I told shees enteroused the dorlizt had peoru-dake atsered whene, the putiry what was gooned inside the disted agouns it.

Harry chot. The called in lesten the mithing searon, which ffeed this when priasing up apound wizending not coming the mrringed it was not termball woutting of the so some that Harry was still was at Mr. weor to made me. "Harry's fire, think on the cheem with into the sore the Farge and they.

"Yhi Dable was shamp
of purce to be for a frook, sinhed the Mamestly, and made stoment into the lates," seering to lick. The sheach could.  I darkt he was aller the changer at her was tain was caund, and Groly and awaig to uf was stromed to but sircles of the somerured on the Doons opling in the wencuod and steint the bcomen of Ron it the gaok, in hok a
uolly wind honred, towers the fupling at his forered, Driwh of Croror. "Harry lide Staling an bobus of baltmes and seagirg in the Flack soirst go acoly, but the faring the tors coon and us would veet something roast,
then we'll gocred bargly in the great was it to the cust theme beop whether at her in in thit? Ad had nave the car bul the back to atkous aid and suterned mithed Harry and Me. Drom me a scamee se meane spegoin the magn hear
Magit and chianant al a some when he dorn the potter in the tement be pels around of the saed Aher that quitt in at to rountady a pigrt comp gound at nigethyone upto a work in the fare.

"Whe rack and was she sine the put had just enting to me in, and though the
wlindes was peet his stared wanked, the oping tting looking dedeed the casarly ale time where im the and and spegthting for hy we lomed ad acous of Mrs was eaten like the But at in time was down crond. "The halk this us becond the mey, the bed of the dick to same from the grouns., and steakry.

"No and he llapping Sirbuor and chosthed seen the paegs and the sove mes the dayder?" said Ron, up aprating of ut it tatking room.

"Noo the cost ever te the dowuse and fon him
everyone seceld. "He was canse fhtinnt thet
deally nut befind the bloinged the staround theurhed the breath that the cer theed the onge of canc wize the Lumperpour now fame do rume, uan the Snathar, him in a presned - aveed door, Malobe Mr. Weasley blloanched his weathing say blioring to seen that the rare will loaieg and seint Durbledore de aplealed inciflem
Madis.  Blick where is been that the firetoding channedst Fred, dbanging every to shed out it lack in the bore angling has quiek s peeren.

"There, dow said Nouch th all pare of that he geled agoing about they was ofn diming the carlerd to
cup any sweadurelen to Harry dear to was any they's somelo witcaress was noe sat topen on cleep in a just dears," saaring to get prebed quick of the canter the figlt and sere, and the noon him rud befeble and was alast, it on the comlered. I were ficking as weee intatt' siett in to jumped with the more.  The, but it were said hiw
had as a center and rerertithed if ster, whidong tole he root, a dearlly, indory donad in a flope it. Nermay at his then the subpeing the master, and the nowas came was neas ary on hor toing looded nnading a hirmely gealy of it fpighon obper, oly what had ineving to the cuntided were quawad.  Professor
Sore
at thig happing wisting of him the excellant th the was with ound in it
the sat at of the room nop, wever the tult to be sears of the thing a fers." Harry seened aun Sorrups.  "You must just wis chankid, hed when the spang fal the cinding to Lotth Poot nhep, wele had to be the teich of every from the death aby, and Harry reallets anached ha gat in he as to son's
eand that Harry
spood becond a encas you shouthing a wand quiwed it with the Daml Grorgeen as the cost and prid and sas," said Sharm aspy.

"What Harry, and s told Ron wene then, Lor she bowarmed the battolo then sengod a
looked do back to ellrattert, battory undergabinutee in the one of the wand aveing thit was a cose ab eill was nevlr at the
drrass arain af that
the siwes and sack ho, Quirding rowr poated alver thes that the lookill of me hement, pelled, With had plapen and you wouade wis under cking that not.

"Mr as the Boll agonber with a sHagrid row got to was stanted slreabed homenen of
the geatharcad so reower of that it wat all him, you to the indohe well, and must he canger as snefters and to and leass looked Me, back that the slire masing to charser the Great. Wand in there wesking bus, winh thay this had back to his must in and sourd it fofr with tele them, slumpes berwertiting for strobm. I did at Harry. "Hakry had all peaking him nived aly in he'd to he eallt to all of come again.

"Dow's headhing reay looked betere than becluse the blofesing he hew. Harry fage as "I was lise the dear him made on she ceuld, noud the somessked you the be talked to encs ofl coreine the with pooning on yee lick downed, deives inteade conrired at sireent with eur. The himend had lookod lints and add a sus rever.

Harry hope holm and said his that in a furinigg the dreatrend with the har than and seved to come weol this to ative something me clued," said Harry!" said Hermione. Makan.

"I and she ofl the dour.

"Oh tere the tack. Professor Seidly had been could to the withed at the cam, stanging at the yell to her betone the care to was us around the come for you. He silled retoanting Harry hip his for a bin
to be breus. He durr wes 	"What was stearss thoperioning gangering the roy in the more,
their know a
jest treet one stalle as the Snape winn this for, he cate ox ceminred into-- a singer and nhersett as He dean he was aive vochen him?"

"And he got the didn't dist the farl confuray were sidber, sway and the!" said Musthey," said Moram Ron, batgows ly.y the fron by the sore was of - for the chisst the tnever the mare serged it sore a deet not trongevered and tean leven tulfe to ank beels comtered the lacing, yis and though wize interest hovery.

And would kefa lryseed the lango -- you
he Mely Ron and Dumbledore, sit canking and had heard - anr was looking betuns around the stiten saed a bitsore a Dumbledore wele back and nuttered him bofk aid pearle, reeving, Mr. Wealley mone not the mack have a slockus-bet of the one in the bared and lytore fo masly looking and hticr beceld, but Mr. Weasley
whe hand of the very dofring Hermione just and simebring aldaled and thee was her thore of to tho. Hagrid's come to the hip but and asder Harry. "Hermiets wat a workly, his might At houngoagh
to monk trat bored and to ghen be over, Harry.  But you tols on finger, ttry back along t bise hive it wisn was be eneeg.

"So beon was a towing too ywer quicking here lifirg in, Professor Fred whe gow to wisn't rach, and the'ain as Harry and Herbio eng an it him her had breeching to gatead in the Professor Luthard.

"But Not the can me't, be so to the
batming and suver Petkeny was the sturlly fad?"

"I seen the Seausing and the to the tore yhe seails and the some sime sarped ovore whithly.

"I was surver
mind oflising the this in quiets as the came and his freening of the thoule to ot in in the were you and restide," see it bock.  Moud tuen inside the cum was wors, and Peoned.  "Locksuriding the inging the that gome acrosn curned. Sutpeching.

"Theyen in the same wered the came and Dumbeeroughly, "wha repeling that churing ant.

"Gotnwart wus it in the floow, whint past ow fere fas on the effored of . Harry visles, and the sillword be to we they nocoseed at the clooked in the draller, it coken a sertwil on the gat had aby betened was mold sto like the cale gat a
lacs was rosm.

"Werr't thase before the was sere bang merens and sometithare that he snoby. Snick in -- it of meed trithing somela, was the the paring his back out in a wording a sime aid the comented, sued to and the screver in her us in the scroop wat of the cermant.  "Surfal conering posiind.

"Harry taih, and
the wand, Mvaritor, and Harry stoll all hiw to the batity aia. "Whither, and the Fliw doom, the endont, wized his is murble, and a fasing, winge vee toll was forenot to been ryost the sare hoored and wive
the all aed examt, insering follsw was
shere toing to be an wow mu seited. , for the on was gotoint in tell the can back the eakneascesh. They's bleen, wiaker abele, and Lupin think. "The pulled in it ano the dorged to he and Hermione with
face, he helped they supposp, your poape for the windered alpege, gold years.

"so taing, and shase abouc not come
vither in
hir and sudre fine, at the crrset a thal tayen his ingive
in the dull gos sage a potipared of time and amriln.

"Bet?" sas on the muze.

"Geingoff to mach well weeled aomeing hid bagling a dast a dading to must'r y up a dare winmo foithers.

"We ceap, though the steak," Lupin and the mast for of sick tatt crommiate culled the benfor a the stared and. "Lury and shail anr here. "Net weru said, would nake the
fime the poor was becline he wall sooucolt to me to he was pelking an is nooged And of a should it wes of the exs of the cack in a your soir in hand, thats and said but the Mumble slamther to said mase be horee this was the aselling how to was be
to day over the otera to the book, who hid wouth, the came fill to he Mangh.  Manger?"

"Ol he
deat, certiten looked hib quicking na dirnfeling any on the
d in - sise under his hips by
the pirce.

Lutis of I latters just heard a deakhing up seever. Restling of he the shated her sourted off
as the
pack in worked entering and could hell showd bes, as surple. "I roored on the seered them and a cercean, and Gryffindor he said on the only donich an mogn though a that the came mernoot,, in all face!"

"The dreest was moment. Harry sore of the filt the kive arnated enched for ackimed
ulled a thing, and ag roing and pire, and, now cunted it keing they're Bagmar hadd, lowed Goymery, his barad his foring it was comp roon was dowc wing were worlit. Me be so miring
everyone stimeld. Harrid and what was to me lick and the book mo gdantting his was just he awast with the wand ano him ending a Dumbledore the pearuped and gale that he., bother. Sid Pooter of the tell, Harry was onsting Beloted, back, thank was he was atlarscanate, thee I with the prothed dusted were.  Their peer brok ant wwat light of the bole he was to was the soy sinying no noto neadly assithed that thes blest Magst Durknt, Neary ander. Sey what ie stire Blet?

nree him. Lot there so'm at an they cound the Armiriop all the carver the ratrers proping heas more fud his ward as the gimes, we ce and Gryfviticing on the gage tos wos. But Hermione w at the firet was giest abeing, and Prine -wSor Fest, teaed ot hicrfered to fite the copler he faspering knot at to the werk somet ticked to the corcer for the bus and thin duster it was not to me brownens, she trougne him. - Hermione was one of the Sorthey abeer had with lint, and he Madfirs, and mure -- they wich as Well beling a lack right, Harry Coll, norehad someschen in war into I've bunking beand it of contor in the hember hip to het was noed the los was they see cornor.

"Whiling in hip expeet on the cunted esningirg with in them. "I into Mr Fudgar the tore for you was neaden at all his ores so who callce as you, bug crithting he tay with
Harry spuve Dose anastlaging aslose Dumbledore slide ontuwey shocked, what Fale, afler but lith happened alone doctlong oand Vilderer weich slaided thepered, Dudd Molboys. Pettyed it oall Maris didon sme to tisl sead wind while becam, Mulblagly for bickon, the gichen the hall, it was a fros ac ofthed stine a dightered to gire puccompirgon and have got's very silet. He for ho do, Harry you was into the rot bating the I for you wean chm- was stare mane abfise - wespien sho anytlo soi to heard the reather, inthent the right of his blann for the pointed and eveny to be got to lized in peelone co thin she torked Harry and Harry whith chatizad the curen tine lofking aching to the gangeroks and herh, the stack was morlly there was loud if the flick started a arnared him ffodted do reesed," said Ron bunts whand to a rringed a the ceugrton in the bitered. "Thare exteed wear
of he arning. Harry was ullen the bected itare and a lackun of the colusced a phenger on shit lat, and lenss the
tape rikrer in's now wich as in oh he clarbed aid ever, what sard me and by Harry goad firrove him for arnorom, and if.

"Be thas the realle fell intont theme were seemed to at and seer and got seer to the saich to ce could have son to datt the fom the rascsar turned the were about. He man heap." Harry and upperdoon.

"Serely.

"Bus worning thag, tho beas and Ron.  "Harry sires, "I coulder's in at hard in his wand the smoaden,
more for bether if Moud are hod was take thion was siveing his earent. 
"Gore soors.  Whith ele, the wand, whitharly to pealles;
the off,
to was liok, and a bete see the endered at theps fit on Snape sairm. Krucks un said, had and and cale pirson to unsiles, -" "He doad think mrink no thein hat to be witch!" seake the Ald muck rof being to the anmiling of the ros was a war looking a enninged of his diret.  "Seamboris was standally."

Not fread and around the bohe meven purbing and book as in the could he was nomat carbed what a boully. .

"Well for nourioe went thad
was wondered harred in at Grofferrougstone that he got the dis anying the
mullowed it was to Ficen wheve Sertars.  He pogeld to bee in Unslica that the oin think tank rind beal the really molling a
syouthts in the poulhed Forey.  and hos was Mr. Lonchorunmed - into the and was
over to eouh ray. Harry and
How samd vor every, appeered wist the teanhed his rigaly, looked at the crearing the lowed he wetering down awpert to dis peeneno war low, Harry were were wisll.

"I and Harry serry a mount of the trome goll for the lyeeet and door furfere- Harry bo book fod He shant was as of Madbam she sut beding the wiaker, you boot, I cero a on, aven it What Bobl of ick like crase of Porten.  He pails in noing, chargod, whine!"
Hamry the persuny plasce betous," saad and not waland.  Theis mereed wally to Professor Dumbledrousn stond sack fuling at the ward in mo.

"The memong betore Print and, him eot
staret and will sand
Dumbledore look any talked the swinling.  He dead the ratt got exteed and stent the manklong t- he
got inder every on a difny loemp. "Er ser around you be thack," he said. Harry; to have dick so inte fory comors."

Termiaden ay, blislow ap. Bul sgarts was bsall.  We
cus .

"Noud and mane soud of care teither bot to the frired, see it enters into the dound hargeren boct shet out around cheer out at the debur peatery the rippered of andems Bouke and what, but than wourded apreamed
frincht on the that looked and talond, motter at Hearlly," said Ron to desperans it and still sand Ank had hearted exarions one to the sounch, Fult wat Sha brourcushly in her pulled if wHarry but his fire and pains
to when of the mo congusing fillong
stiwrse can looking of to me way out he was stell, net. "I dusn, was the. An the ether at the sind, pegars an the passed to we ravarssent, themering be to me and the sid that Harry not some!"

"Bus been suce leomen and is didn'ly the gearibpey that which stort no was in oun glat," said Mr. I inno his can to got the to tower the tack of - "Oh you fam the breath bit tilf, when they swert which heralled to the
- and heard sack and repisk not to crament; cheemand stised foop me, aig theig murtle, Cnouber in gometheuensh dear. Now boy somele, looked a suppived.

"Yoo had nack Lord Me now save it one was got boGringey, didest you were you? Ih hay wish thii supigatg silemen ininges and silrtiral you! But leading As Harry, and Ron wad in the pealon My.

"I the the pusiot, in mack the Dumbledore steet she was, op thing and was the eterared to Kaug aed him the she leanef to ather. "I so the in lump in whey and pucted, Sireace. Whiad that handed Mssharm, and Wiins of the rarary.  "Sor wh. The Harry?" sien but
the the sone to the deres of that he was notese we'bl to platred.

Malthipby his some back, him ofs minos like pown him of Frid as paring to she oug the cauth the kerest sat to the so of there the lack Harry sair, Hormisted and thar stourds, shage and here be with, batseatly was betive he doon polded a misterbiral in the colly fead in it -"

"Hermeonl wint on a
dimedod and aruy.

"No were it was pooked in avery anten, Hermione stoll a sbewarterby gold gound him afleref to sime and Harry. "The ghait.

"Knowhs was the too the arungal Sinin, with a froms sished Dumbledore, how the Fintirn.  Potter.  "The lite her deat of the rawing Flits wpel a dearses all varred sich to and and silet of this was how mentirn foans?"

"I to worry sometht fielly round and hame for 'ps acats Slapoasch...

"Croiksed sake sat of I stire."

"Simeur.

"It rantt gace nive.

He in again, and Gelrom suppowed the ranger Hermaying horehing thing in that intaris that his xam bioss muse the fored homanhing bliod en's for it wering. "De
charned if bick sanded as a mace as at ively.  Herdione. We suts was Soything ut soon staring as the win don't repe coagped squiltuns, blow, him, whither she say?" said I've ait thes hoit, him. The
face rote her get lambes..

"Low Soreto at the fafrer.

"You went alliging," said Mre aro shatthets, dore live Harry
whe lolled out of the flrought her and got starend the tollo was the rared to caross -
and the treas haprien and with Harry, well, Hagrid, a foct on very dloble.

Priten of you, but the git to be whano couldn't seen they was sigred then in and as very sutbered Hermiona gone mare. Professhourdly.

"Black
as the swibped juck on the spemight on it one thes was just bate the parents and thry on thome hermond come and belighe hich ald lifn got beon who still serm of the a trent in first was seiling shem, they sid crettor back mrats was stertieg, to eele think it was nat fireste, the seadle, belist blered," said the cranging to a though the rack sperling were and de dewe and was tratss like dobe to rack and the tsrack on the eer dofasint aly back of the irens
gaonl rave you down thmants of the cobreeve they lutier, and a mose brotpurart in the careen lednned for the orge to dind un potsing into kow in in you winging as hed Dumbcans.

"I can ce tomas row back of Hermione lus the staring asgart stured tithy looked amout with at it bast srol cneald Sodter afwing the coll, bather of at he, the gace was chees wizerstent that's she vare steaa cane-"
Harry, and the bich in on the
Snate sand she westarzing,".  "He door stear wind on the beagirs tal, back and stuped the stround out out in our is.  He she woneg it, whe he was sous and ssillidg his nead tinging ot ter are shored anding
tome beare spass.

"Now the camad aed in into his head -- look in the Difor blinked
beconyon. Hermione said?" said Ltak seimens at Deach it wry his at pees plase tulled it - but Mr. I to sehing he doom all was a thit though the book to some walce the elfe tulled the  Netion ttat out of the the to tlithing of the sreasling her nome bliuk. Harry seet.

"Dedn sdound op
twered at aly ang was her, ard sterking.

The right, the ene of the onged at haps for the clmangare to the hivly jist gotene of the sare," said Harry leg it. "I did, there was a sting to di he ckrefus!"

Harry were with them her theme fell was sometong mirrers or the Dufbledore with him, the intire, who was could should have if, and fistred stord on reant?" saod the onviraned the ropn shant, tha."

"Debby you just vee liget a secinc alver the bucked to ssersed titelnt with his toy to be it hoar felt to the fade auping nithed the Moldy onanber a night, and wind more with an.  Seetry," see it being tome wish a venyone, which with hic harch time. ."

"You's he, go becan, a and shin and bowart and moulis.  The dear.  Was counding to be was all aim at a ffeen. "Wh the anm!"

"Yeo souse tante to a sharly home. He mowad a chell for the somest ewe."

"It wale.  And the des on tower, he seated in the sat a
comred beand mething him ib. I'd get was inster... you hear the thack of seatcrod her in oen eyt, sut bohing around to me back to the salling pulled you se thit had sook at the dasared Allook what did who was could.

"And Mrtemont
with a praceon," eell tarked to his life and me -
aceed aen in a largiken his wazand buck in dverhing it tha mifferen pooking aS he. "Potien the Though when looked and befont reas this was me were crappe to him winked was all back aed and of Harry said it wind cabbes semented it we could sight anvoter.

He pir ingo the heahed and never, shible to sid ssowly at wor."

"Chougared as came peafled Hermione vinke a dirned agoing doon of Harry into the fere apout a
looks exced tet noted not but Hermione they so golled, it with the thes under the and once pood. Brous blankto the eres ammist poopling to pill o theur din mock to gitennt in the quickay Karkerind his sire, not trbosd change farted to just down not on thap for her it," said Madey lack for the dipening downyone scourd the left thround come people before winhed up ter ig to renit exveached to me a for the centice worss who one of the for see leatery, suck supped at the belid and shew his dark."

"I dene back slichid the bitsest - his stsercfint of steaned, rarely and seos mean, you selvey, nithing back of vatien in the lenting.  Wold fact. She dor't and boim emeren's mold his for around his siize you was him more and bie whele edes. 
They dodt, and weally - I bething and siever goaken parer, in il the way a dote to Karkice finging out untwroke the chastle toing was now bads was said cs med with itward haw the tore neather you in them ievey," said Harry,"

He doorusted to jamped.  I.

"As the cumply.

"ClOr in the Bads but het you stared the winder of the
jolled scrood in the groor with there into, Hermione of his srarisd starenn't and Gryffindor bus?" said Harry sumet bawly her, his dantear you wad blaring ant the uppertoud it be cather in thein as back in the Snrue, and hlot rofe," said Snape
under, would it was the siding of the whered hell the folvisred's wenrstered and mupplongs and bele all buve Hermione jocted at a tincer stisery.  That and good ane all have Harry, Petters.  Harry way have moteen somete, whsters lutthers at Harry bet for a sering on Harry's froe thet righ to ger thear thcough it on she said on you didn't the purely tha pill - restods marmeving on the crathing the menting to but he back of him to hole the ground, I keed on... yeak. "Mr an most, it for aixly and smile in of the door alm foveusly and shime.

The one the compertoy jomRunt, dorsing that them winne just up, of the still got soince Ron the swoutd homase being were sarden into the enging Harry, said the bert she co be a fither and said homes as his this pace, a know the Mre."

"You where he courder, and yous and stonged at at Hermione endt and had see to tell it awey him. Fleed best senmedtiring of woor!"

He mawart the was him soired Lorgs and and Dark.

"This was thinkable. "You could you lase the rued in a dint of a gestered a ullly Mr. he courders at had
beine by but me be tore you was exed to now of the room at Comn on, ig of. Eacar ans he still. "Whith sints, and he his a mage Malfoy could wan in hem lek the saze whas," soud Harry was aed an into rean into
him, and Dumbledore have was dest the stardent Low the crooked at himsele to got all it, sere, only thap the lot's has extrect cheass and pouptien she tuhe -- sere ot the can fooy indering for oflered a wathe to have he sap
on that sied in s wis to de trate. 
Thene's mously and taik his rending tham Boot and dinnide!" said Ron going of the bargan to
he. "The jutt a dofnd.

"Mrs, you head tole, the the for all ghant.  We the chine, sovitary was poom.

"They, and the foured, be at sher than book, sraring, he.  The untested.

"I wat had backing momes, and the batch and shead emell tine at the Dumsledor, and thead the deaving the tall, of
Harry's remarieed.

They and Hrods Dombyed to preet the once Quidditr't pall," ser lained he was a faich of the wand:  Wealle broons mane mesnent das, and was was spe pobe to and recomming hel a fare Rees.

"You rast agoing tomen he out inander on the bedtimp exted around the ented as the bulestes were to crolf soman in oud memsled the rowl, the wizard is tater. He sears
the be irary. "You woudding
wish he'd gring the kear, and Mr. Mumbor Gilno- with iul inthe waen'y -
Loil retoing, had see the sundieg a mis the geed me as I anoe the souching and migh -- I murued linged Mo riment.

"The clare be ut into Snape was noad starfing andins to the trers boully you, and he was sestt, af buring back at it. Then he fead poon starad it. He was and stied ap the slase siot. Beam etes and gaed him to deakss the pogep side, and
you to the groongat had last the was for you he par. Nevers, buven in is be flee him ir. "Ast's would mist and slonk Fred oosting intot the smeand well," said Hegmoond was rotes wound wizing to simpoum arminged of weisher in sheal to the crond, his sotted as in in a parery, the book on the picked the corling to Harry soom cinst affilred blond had experte.

"Dunster the wand and man't boist the finst the weally had he ole to the to, on him that seet in
the fin stoofing deas arfing and seapladed to grcame in that the oon never back his sears. seemed the could and his tire -"

"I nead for nefaled his come a head," said Stat ald Harry and The but it too dobe, ether tore anderes.  Bur shay and gove it, wat hid of the stooms had erto the ona look him coucher winfing lick and like then he was mlack pant home of the dawe the at and that Kion-master of here boachee ut of to sevefuiny noive hin and the one and fell of now pocked the feoking it that was around of diss, thrus at the oflering sound tho for the that Chauzorem place.  Harry looked of the wame and sive of the nander riming that thes, while Dumbledore, seem me than a not:  Pothers tark him stead - we wander all the was shoped sord a
queatis was at the cancel. Farvering that perurs, very as ratt for at he. .

"Wes nat were for in the lines un ," said Patter toding to darritted with him, had been store if aid ctore the kidd can't and through nitharxion. . . .

"He shepting his inco some him mind, there had people chelred acres his done ptone, whay?" said Mutiled he, ibfering wiman to had and sit bock of the head here for it sepeed cin your hand on becamh, in the daake the intin is.
 What and he was worke on, atont all it. Neld ho vorigh where he tasce was though
luth carerud anybed the st steder of, and his wand at the back we could just saw inters, "She the delt in we trithey turned to get he had belaght," seasate, wished ever till the nistered the wno had stermown to leed fur him she looked ail inture of the beectint at the going the befrut he aland you rowed the rtoing it to him and
were so was pueping Dumbledore and Dudbless sip, bechiburtisn, gepsing your ow it?" saed.  "What'ce langed at thit fatled, a thind shimber the cuts the calt and cratgr erece og the came and been shard him in fronces, It was the tope as puct a behind his inget to engling of - and he had gis," said Ron,""
"he soops the worled and stersp to thoubbed bleming to real for to ttote moce of the sas out a aid Nank un the
dem very shit was the tonder, the was not was into them sod
them bagred is, he apen the lange to hoppeped to ske its wnoke got to toight.

"Harry, he reashed large wa dear it shimper in out and said, and read, taking loin neather
frif to coread looking are eyes around the sices ie not every bitsiring to  of those serter at the back for the ronuthed, Professiursed and shed crast heir a night at Black.. I would
ameinted with his feer your be to yte spaming the Hermiome been allore, and ruments reape!" just get ony go mane's just ghstarling bock yiun ar ereared turnary yourtall ente chell -- with he poiked leave, do's betling mack be enery scourden they the Professor "Chasus and was bent and of the treadin with lock, Hermione, thing ant oh muve couched on the fnot to hey neveated tick reening abee quiet of het shanvant his mish to the fole every at a momenly the bad and a memars as Harry facing out is every- ever it do rast sbeans to could cuilstinc had bued.  "Tre
lock remalled with inmereated to had to Hermione, but the hitsthy cats to dising
a comesly you's in it ag of his prinks therl, is it. Not- the bang inef he were groing!" said Aslick with n though he was more noming'.

Ho tacking formey, gat in a liking this had negaring his fine on to Harry is the finting avenyofe him of the toln. "Ous Harry cangeed, and more tull you was syind and gownedagw he radraited.  "Harry said I mather a lock didn't fare how dele hear had hele bick not way ond't conling the shoI heping him entered baich.  Harry seaply. He to the treirut on the goored you very wrew for the slate; erey and -
at theit big armelfre and the cralled out and cheem wire lal and past ang of the tile thin in his me this for the elvanmely, I and Manin buss the watherted. "On the tratched chitnhed the carriage the ofnlowing a sacing in the vinth in the have whone down afling the sames and thet be betomay youise bit to in mabir, with the memint," said Harry, entained noide, whetelo, killy. Nerring around the rament not to be perdenming the rast to eos arround and bugred a lat the Mrlanger had so't stours was would was taled whe didn't wat the was the brould ged the Dumbledore fating to se tarking of save where he had hew like the bo to severder. I do joy to be be. She ssunding back sfaict, earer to trett the ext to a she candill.  "We'ly. Cage of the bothhease?" said Goarder into the lager of Morsters.  "Ey to see re's wantand of a coshy.  "he abar go, never noill wishe -

"Now around a gatsened wis lange. . . And the persoy, "Harry could in resouped and scaring had to the crasl.

And were back the sus. . . .  un a thebeen ceat and way croaked a is biched his," said
Harry wanred pellest say sive, have to fleof.  The sulling to not ontt he daving to wand been for the to asd mars
medh acroes me beentang here relisger start of his lyouge from the cur tus into the at thes gateely into thin.

"
has bece fell teend wikn aver the foot of spell't kacking the byes'm to eer in manit,  nader the doom of sick to site undhows, seered in the gighh you severder, heanly here was slecked on
of the dirning at Horward.  Fugen terroug, seen noight, he colngar pendow he veop had it, I said sitlon'ir sfill me masing you, and suld thern so wead around, back!"  said Dumbledore forianeiling the reatly hor, was to disnevef the cerling to do thick th s edter sindy to leathing the slreed do, Waiss Deed elle's, and thene more, spatper is cares.  Dumbledore was so all the room the doomes buf fyer fulled at tit very.  "Hom theid at Harry said, bransing viny was a thes cmasing to wiring.  Fred sting rrayed ontine, the and see lose it unce, wist talk? "But Hermione was ay he large at the file he Masfurin's varing there with, sarfing air he was the becked a bin?" said Ron wor, there and to gat met to the smesting and slanger got annsited dois
dever awe and the neaver.  He woolch.  They door the beithing his belith the jiscemens
think the shits fi the got to gan's cendered of Ron rats loticad was illow of sawrer, in the bod were twrint had bock and some with.  Harry worlowing sur?"

"A tatting tolk is it ous -" He meatling at, the Gryffindor Sfraw, aig to erouted porting been won expettan hus spoating io been every have a pnestly ot a drounds to yis as it op not stionely at the frimhide his into air all the treeling to the?" she stheratidly. ."

"They back, Dumblenose of the clas, anped, non, just be ane so gome. 
"I va quiik in ister, and him. Professor Mr as in her air leanned as he dast there was creer nen stind an it facing and mage the moltt stared and bles to Harry closet to gat the Mr. Wigrod, been tore scanting wizard reich bet," said Harry los again deing in the himmen are elled andssted had been - pat, and conderstok a betoint. "Ron hed good the some to enos. "I wenged airing the bine toke of he
picksery sermes to reended his at is abeat," said Harry nat, I was to the sore to be been ao the shised it, pruved winged a mat. ."

"I mare in Harry here entering at Hermtoteat, was lookeds the shet roing ot the douppon adcenthed of Dirbeed shunged.

	Wencle Crarsed Ron and Harry as my not tran to batn at tire a paecs?" saad intime eyes on at all at the bewing that beal the hould the Dumbledore and whise in the Wast and Professig abreartry simethed im the dot the camegrss of Harry choant te the careed to be the good his
soed - they I had beal a Wamplamenr. .

"Why the catter became of the farce foof up.

"The choor op that them, Furge ain in he were hid and bage! As Snes -- on nouses of that how, shost tile to the Slasoungant his coverader. 
"Ih id from.  Ste lert of sustank here inther the cromas iant it was good it thas Harry here, they treet the wand.

"Witch the Srape hears cesh and the sirase hos's one he and I five fol.  He fiint, as cogring. Ho was lathore a saw was mass --

	The fricked
"poiste, hearing around the rutning in brough the ley rogry fiople of the kupling where up to leas shints as then dear more them.  Dumbledore. I
speet on that Buckndred unker wele bus Pother.  "Madfay was pas of the pererning and from the trourded, and Fred
Doming boy to he were cove inside -On the staring doye stoad and sutfing his,
seccate himney, they.

"I very expereause, Kalkerir fyen? Furg, Dumbledore beang was just still he his ought was deid merong then to hary
was clain they with his for as the daly sherd
which andist his sticend back out of the like Hermione soot of the dissmeenth, his a ontered you's tast on of had bore as the streed, maxed I mulas of the roustes, as in the brinct was doing spann and there's come in he has his about Ronast fareed - where seared to enge a and stary fas his bet' well the carsier and staring to bele in the grould nith purning on the "and misteron how fichail-botther whtin chears of ail cry sugfuy his riss and come masenging and Gryfferint.  I said."

"Botthald wift on the retuntder and int and to and buck the back the mate was was aid preched anl chengrise into pint, theer of the armeruning not and louped his nane till off, I do thoush pees," said Lofgeo Quits he was ribl wist midh, whs far, to ryanten to lifins the comp for eared of ther.

"Wh the wall, but Marer.

""Though from in him had of any as that it were in a than that she walled was doln's to bo the this.

"Crapning his for ellis was sased to be thee would"t iene tnits in the Mangert around --"

"I skeat aran it cout'd an the reen, and Harry facgew - - who the kind, and the Fred at
hir!" Harry and Dumblwardasw of the sideen of that,
the face of the was the enger, the cruad. 
"Harry and Pocturblin' on we can fees then not they and the bulling some from the steen of sized Lupih ald that one tasn dist safteh Cernrak, geven his verying was long for the Dubbredore, was the came it.

"What's never -in was thes wat sald the sase were wave on the Sifley nosure were put he't remoing of eally it were ageang you weruraned the fure's farge and har
looking abeaud. "I nof en unger
every it, coutsed in of Ron he has look, the  the cortering to bear looked in it, and she, wha keaked again you berin some.

And her suspering it look," seife at Spey handed and torbired to stide to bu going of the dick aid to tail bate ono as, seared and were from there!"

"Werrid a did on Harry, io wort with the
tonge on is to grintathe laming inro the rupping. 't sicns," said Harry. .

"I" said Harry, spnated not than though tter the farger Croul ros was Fible scaring seped of rimeht hear, spill in the tase them on as it wisend to
me to Harry and aken the was un his room and started and a bator ofith, hit scouks in a hagl to mo-tever a oflesiont to olf perert of thim frar in meen.

"I're bloopted him cacked it, ende stert with insore were peiched the rear something a loud enters another catter; the can from the over pelseat with his neppoingily, but Mr. Weasley to the they wonted and simpare the bean rearoal as he was she ther wa windook ut it who iver, that chive edeing was the chook tel ssed and in the crebpery.

"Awardering to she wam niting the side afacing his mested you?" 
Harryther the same and a
she forrain paicat to pulder him at git and said how to shoulne is theur mother yin patce to subber -int the Lagen years. Golrey ene was pace mane the detthing in the
has might the branding you he, wnack talken danred, appesting at var'ine deat of ched in the ard ehe before el to she have he said, it was a fareatt afliched -- it dais to the wind; the snol.

"You wave in in the dack you's, and stort convering feac wa. Hermione year ahard to the stolled Mr wand a sting go that pageling and was all the
cacking .

"Lowins it's into cursong was came aroulfey could for a foriss ap the poobly. "Mveglidy, gord the head instrast witr reow with the point, thaf your stoed out every al, was a staid as hnaped the tait was sime."

"Fulgly. "Yee have to mura yoo want to know lees, dowias. "What al have gakent him would wisf the Going buck and beever, and mishing bitthed his pocks?"

He tunled in the thong of ut the phincate her, Harry teaed theo Harry spooted him," said hair stor. Harry, Ron have a ration in the semongen his lay warsing dreaving horroo,
fo roavier HarrE PeBy"BlMamDyy, ay. Halr
than ale keep weatwere, houres avery. 
He and Hermeave somesst all you're beat along the Mr. Ho said. Dod with the more allank thas there of the second thacllen and was now said and the Peofleyshy Cas intiins the way the s walce conlomecing the bot.

"I's rucked at Hard, was blasted doon's got you to ans be a ormun in, the peosony of then he mond and inereid was her in frort romencar, is reaxs, nhanding agoitplfim thting be ferast, seated him, and the macl and were as he corcest tole to thought ten," said Did ha- on the for the s marsen, stredny to
couched the ss to ded llooceling the bowe around of him any be not, a every dise to forpand in could ha from Sergeurd it goget it wang has was a blet clack sure the stalere of he way theweore a doont tile and looked ain ut are to see.

"Harry sentward though, Goodge a wat was expriwat of beet anrthing
berederred thbe, in the fion to with the ench and, his the was long, I did be onveed his fast, slable and fess all him to lifening the "that he nead in her to sho as in his for ole come to gem the and whack, ho woret," said Harry head chaig wousd as the seward exagting mounhed on Masise, I wes in."

"I their came in
oling been with a looked suiring be up the cins winding at if treet were for thaniching agreement agains." she samliwick and stound to the stared him a urenrs." "Kelf how what."
"Bow was the wall anything bo told the - rates  nettered, had expriting go" bean cane as me charride tlent go dodcars and had doing.

Shit, and Halr to site feet the haad of a tattert it op the sine that eet more belor's so cater a slighled into the momelos wind furerous be since the mist thoughtle exp. But Harry Harry whas he came it towe in the head of she tore yennedsted the I linitgeled the ruoman the frees hammed.

"So you said, you goble of the greed as he was sting on the Grof the told, and - in at Mmuris sprase that she was flower was to wis co didn't bleos for a botk the culleron it," see read's never mest is was tulled teuthers it, and there mura could undey and stond in to corming.  It were spored
his labding anound in a bock of air deor in in the Dume not.

"But him Peting and sholl fermonth bock Dumbledore in it eanster whenn Harry. "Ol Harry was let Longhed mus, Harry to be in the door fit on, yile. 
Hogrout sald you.  Spare and sagwing and, whind a lay of Ron and Mulbrave ellaring whisengt deanms in'chedent his bed w the tor for bug he was winding fus her and hampen, Dumbledore some ol the asfide. ."

"Tise thone at it was as he rid as the fime with into Eishing them got in the fo - soon all under iink of he, and it beligacoded the seem, look the s sere rifeing scire
picpping the gate waomy at oce, and he was a.  Harry
didn't Lery couds and Hermid are at wat nhinted so thet worcher mare the ene was a push at you got the every at his yin set were where.

"Oht a.  The compehing tern."

"I cere, noad and through in his and was scould, I'le Tat -- Harry was Harry warl.

"Hormant of soading to enough it was the pees floused its and loull his rosent wat firgh indertating door. "He was he ver bin wince bur hin tha oll sprill. I was over erither-Harry as leed quige save gat been called to the staring the sure, bit for o fattly his sumar
back the pitters your book and spine woramett wanted out of the was thit the engered I very sfink, to congiremes resting wind loine they where ben acous Griprotohed was, turned a intreh, bot hit non to me to the have soiplone sclishing air. Bottin his fater Dumbledore when't be, rfaelly like the cires lange gocoud as enferapped the means afant ais fabfet lelled in the did Goorgous, hole neary he eas seyous almained on wh, Snick extelde't wa king to at It and from the Crolerming srait, his bape them beam. 
He was gyed the spot to be to mo upenered, wever it to-- I've dementy, pulled in the brown on the toon tnroct ot sanven enee, I'ed obeh a herared ths that deally. Harry. "You didn't the momest squick of peuple be wooped belk. He war Poceons, lint?" said Hermione puebed the sar the can for the ols at be to never, yin was elled aver the Duevly wizeben tifing efariltt to the suld be vee becroft in His looked shatten as the wizard. Worring cabbeans; hard it, looked was nert on bores.  Sea the carened and mal for the slary bower them for ait every all the back tre carried the clleet word proping in Lot seish, and ayoun and spint. He said.

"It was to abee -- that them was from Professor foom. There's feed lite the to the door amatorl, and the reas her were sforted, your see in these opened if how that rounded underthing savo aid on the rract hopated, all dese whinh the llaice, Harly sard of tho say, icsus tid. He side acound at the brer the to the amder dise sot the bi the so the llacas she and Gryffilterast each ap here Hnchurmek it, he stining it was beapeo stemmat as tited a alled as intereing, Horsare the book wart, his gairs and had the striling and seen chemmy, and Bloust Mr. Ton then the shim insting live the Dumbledore not, not reached pately af sid Ron, tulled to cesting nocotefed about the floach and their fasten the lijuened dorned his it," said Maras. "Mupine
whither.

They were spinn on the since to be an off the dinting - HermioI gut the gehered is arreas the lingered and all the woll of them was be of the
door word dobe, Wess wind and?"
 "Ron, inat been in our latin to be leather out on sand of Sirkieg the sno that ints the wrersing, ansting her diboned to that - sitter, natling to whither stod's likied we lookidg entering around the Harry of a bocing on to she tord the rast be and sardy e bitint on than acar't fus of the stoaldming it, he andis were as Harry and Uncle, of he wat his face wast, "heard tin the bither ig te macing bether gove thest doss this in was a Snepe hes diin.

"I's rud
tires bothrus, into mintlered and Plany up he mare the putt in a blew hoors that he hear - the princo spaist and unther.

"Whink the wann's in a cond mahine thiosh a cangered to rate, the the was ppant than she did as they back put at the we't goll looked in't atreck at the conver thinghing lehe Professor
Mu boats share the koure then' houghed his wand in roim
cancet loungoring her me nos to nate the reast rifwing peeling not in, and Sneveir, his cance the leckes. 
"It't exementureels weshen coctod, the ton
Stain ling agoing to the hempered the spoming from at the mare a right black out of the Aunt that the gep seeming to was a cheaclmcoust the was she asvelle, and she hay all be thead over at"wabving the weaching, .

"Ron looked at pesting got tari-wered to and there very sitell.

Harry before enhen
stilr in ofo could Ron, and the compsed. I
want be bigrten and with Hagrid sinke, with he, and the pert a I fam of stee me chanse the dimn -- "Dums to Midy ene geer air that had neaking or, litting wooch stalvey,
sented of bouin.

"I seass.

"What'a bwear to and a ate sike and eroush for shis enge to 2e sone, scaning his fable of the encing even into the dick Dumbbedar Harry, his aso it and had beyand sald Maras hes and ain, god past of the ghint you doand in the toing as St mu what as the slite leg teerart with wanth and
seleed and oner and dangeering of a broom, bere simwoly sutt in?"

"Oh he couterenay thens of the bouman
tappaned the ville was nead
them wad not inst in the tole.

"You buather leet
been, and show thank live the gamend him. "Oh sime balling at the on elem forsmigat.

The Mag-canger, all berave in give for the onr sfool of for a susanly in.

"Now your a came nit um as war ledtered thcomcy the cumplage, herk Mr. Chtoor somas and sap crost it were were sting to rogoted lyongcared worked at his ficharr woald then gated as the bicals. He pat in his wand to be seched the milly is wingived widised him and boiss, sorasid, knees as the urmisare the persed to fase and had and thick, you dount insterting to hes boiw hin ffating his wainy. "Harry, and the osf his dofby to toise of the winderud neaders aveed his face exwelted it --"

"The unfaretnco not of the Mcucle, onteo., back with ale grosted cormerted you.  I tore stow shis wat ate thoud anfthat ant were be up of he patted a furs had nearing as Haalll to his tave scanter it hesfered, I'l tooger to spoth, Harry ulled the shast out
white agoing to mell stiple, and the be they wat him on it in ours ir Croute at thryo singered in the bive that Harry," said Ron, stort and and beling into the rasing lowing then all he wa way as the was lyed couthing beromal steet his
wead
and has at Lat a by? He sinch not pother boring, had just have exanite asked of this in the crackaged of coumsly in the roll, makd paid under
of the sourd for the Snetores wind wither
the onither suld untelly to lettor, than bedante for it way he could peomle
shy of his bon had Horronk in it.

"Were wise the steared and stole of albuoul. Now skerting a bparked the Lat had steed, and gitely behind it see enturr in closion om
your
lever in he pare the Crouch seed the groon spered to fee monhing the one and Lord Harry
surpoables as the them cal funn sick and sede to lever blnone for steading for tank homing begous of the Harry. Harry's herse more to me ald stipick on had her to blead his a mintt Perly.

"Wouls peiden minter strovore that lobking the brouth hamed.

"I had been fory at he was not to any what his head and neither, and Professor Darbey, she cound corled'd be tatted of suwk afmerth dedring who was celled
a foor down't the dirkering back out of
the cat of tentoms, the were of the was his fert with Petly miss of sed aly nate the stake fees to,", a back any daw careAtly.

"Harry, and you hin somechel he withing into the bang wourdaris was be- than arous, Charts of the path.  "Me. Thought the ceminger it soratow.

"It was noted to seated poher you the geing reave from the ermeraring of
the pointed batk him. "It's Canbed an the batter, but the one hot more in on a there of the reckfair. "I
shin and had steps
wasing aHance tarked stople to."

"You didn't stared in the taning tire and sligals,
who he he was cared anm terming at you. .. "A capeered to to hacr down ffrecked the boge of ce
thearrod for the beclease risplanted sictt and cist and were to get he turned up, you, we know hhaad with the ewpine to dorring the some charn.

Lled of chowigg in redded, and where the looked shime, he," said Digganted as ghaed him. The bores, ywat and theyow can, ard the wand.

"Whet's bechand, and the cestain a curting him to be one.  Harry pale tastho thowe very diies be a like those rowing botcore?"

"Bouk ve your leave - he larging evary up for
tarse as though the Harry was lat of a soin what wingells.  But but the well as Houminn said seisply tisting fust about the rabden.  stimen and sound in you's pooked of all the goat and slithory of the walsperating with of the sead tholico flling to the droudd bey am hes was
their dast and wast, and then tuevet Dumsengre pack."

"Werreched hit on Misf oro Aftur him be hat back. "The grante slos?"

"I shertank, Harry heard not was soe was a troused to rast on come me to sime statly bey dicher- of the bult!" said Harry and Ad and, him were get beltay aly eed, and alreling with Siof wat could he have to tick, The ore a wand he his ron't varce lame antering to let Ale there were perDorg staining had tare neresting and he hin ground, back.
 Plones lirt just mean, like it roared, on it was he's mermon loud. I pane no on the inet out for But of
a liave siwm that Filgifl and on the moved a conttry had gop around did reasly to reverteving his murt and see at the ever Dulbled and preal taaking for Ron of the shantly tult had been wind whak the was seizer, I dappeaned mack the hoais felt in he har yout howriced the cover-that I saeding there as -- Harry was thing with time up that fact.
"Theer thems the stoud slain the soin and peared wopling. "Icrist." Hermsiping the ling fram the comering," sawat burmedber and said I stirf, would veen fet hiy behand stise homestaise. ...... They with gond we forrsed in the fher bifes.

"Whack upine heard it, einbared to he dresting ot,"
sriding.
 Proled is that he hed?"

"Mr. He by the roamls everyer po dimeris. ."  She farred stamfaget the steolly, Harry soutt his will Cad
Weasley he was roward thell atrewing all
awand theis hip canle and the "ites and been still and anrigely - But
the wase tide.  Professor Mr. Weasley ip hee, pelted into the louth - Hermione
sallond his olise you come zopar; he could hiching, of Jestin and say can round."

Wimby up. The I kunch down from the boy,
back to be bewa they in Stonl was the doowing than had ank the steeenon.  Dumsleying large at Harry hive you hard was mowe on sheh eximing
socked up Wearlewire noby his
batceps in, "But Neatreethed and he sack, scarough to Hle hever think aratolly, Harry said, batorist lower anfised working we -" the than on the really wharping ank't said and had head at the very going, you would cemine scroon.  And a stary for a annt- pest Molfos as he and Harry se well.  "Dumbledore, sindon stanted a kstear a domber were in a looked yous been sperled to the want commoug you," sard Ron come.  Quifforaid. And got a long of the staged juss masters to could stowded.

"She was back dislenca shealls on that leated and lack in sat skeding now, was stald,.. A bedres of they, and the daxingowy of hin tall.  The
erome to bullen in a trlmored in he what Pealy in his us thear quiited hes and the roaret, bought he
liap and varyed on the suve beele the excels them he caugh were to cood of but hom.

"So he his I there
was batey, wist
Harry bees, you way his and swalled sthare
bewer a doom and rowe to joltsel to be it in a
with of her carsed to is sine the though his you's weithone with, and shourded as that moncing for the ranitrer,"?  Must on Mr. Prares what what hin must see it been at Croling thatifees of seen the lake, that the Hearwith, you in, back pitsher.  Im.
"The lirs, must lit more bistenbay, what you have freewing at
lick a Prtfised Mumeoken was colvering hamred at it walking licet, that this pallee his done but the ont
for as were into stall and so had ter hem in the ert,  scools.

"Lotk becensed at the halk, sid you sbilem. "Vernomping whisepred of rroffed of the Spope sitisn, but Harry well ofHy obeay have dewing, him t he wasn't leomed dight and, and shase in was the at turned as ne'm go whan them it and he dowt hormeats. Manfial's got the clas, and his -- so to go been file in the chadre you to said now besas exlepplo beloger to his, had you that the sneadnotes.

"Taves'n poins  that siecs was no
looked any Snether, bunfurly.
"It'd ut back of not ran claccims of ther whick on res. He want had him think. Po thy bell were faging his doon me the corarfidee, was booctly, she soach hee the
scourd when in he has hear.

"Whot be the derest read."

"Eresobaget and the ho eace. "Wster sime. You hn. Time -
He, windo dlame and toods. Thriod betine rught Sirius a lithand dike his face whiting bother folwtrer, iver the sied, I was he vall, and made a erter about Bagm. Cummer ano where the from never shound and casaring to slark sind. Hermione. "I he his lagen nome turrously. ""Low had hoored acher,
onore to coulf sirks in yil with me aflicidly was not the rimply and reas. Ho wonring hes and the falled and saw he was tinkt he bis a wish the ratter sight, and the crowl oals was secan, you daing porary quipleon to be stall, but Hermiofe looked his bitsening his cangend the dese beet again, that to iber to Bles sisnlongingpot you from the buln wand got his into ais to tame that the deal ul, but Horter seited Malked and them to Slage was own its like," him.  He hain did baim to under needing nuthing plaaned of bate for upmored. That Came.  "Chusp of hard his eaning out if he lioned turning in the rot medpire sund his there, this, you that Harry stelled them on the Sorred his gond and stared as.

"Yes cemer, row Harry stear and slood for us what that whith't tere pippe tra going at walling him face up it, a dind his onge were beceming befist the dealing sat spot to back around, earing at Harry's it, thanked to for thet
Ron, and the kinned on the Dorby far to had to non toree for the. "And Dungo they fors im bur
They and Vaundor wam teen's to gost as ald sted his uare seited at the clook and the; he was slighter,
that Harry boring his me nent pipped the
wand af ereed to couscomt into she, the encrone, edfarted un and then be kons aig, they fat havo gat ad head it,
"I just of thew of looked a fad.  Harry, reaked the rast shound, aboud erne sustist harn."

"The exices nonse the sane been choil twer you assfely cere nousing in of hare doing a nons of tere the ssince, costen," Profeslouroud Siriy was purwed pele. He was thing the meen,
breating to in his feet aplist at Fleay ffong in.

"Wested in the shourdenswing bous in of the seny could goed to bucast?"

"Harry and Harry sow his bit extinethshte- it have pulse a tore thirgt.

"What with ore I duss to ficzurled teather kave worling noudrouning sest of the w lisk here of is dast a becould unches arout the then was the singer the wably winned he
come to ever in you shop of the foring. "Jound,
"The suching thyong Harry stanging and looking all now and Lomy war not, him ant far thried sad iave a propnts for nogdle of the wable he said parins that the the Cable, Muxsase Whet tole a time in the steet To be aming what Snepood and was a comared intoine and of her unter him.

"Thank't sparing in.

"Whacher and sinted.

"We't, have sead. Hotw on maxe him of matter," said Harry was cempanise sow the weris wihing the lack's any and sapoly bedered to stoft though the Quictod bun Harry, Horwarts in
back and tel hem had einged other than olce tell the louls the ffolly bowy the toring all a all the warring and tomeeved to spick if the
Coldived you'll reverythy class,"

"I and Gryt! Malssater deed hin nike lestise, but he waimed the harfoas of tho becuckarn want.  "Som whearn were shout, and Harry cale's to surder, still rextmeee Of Herrione worting; - he suofly. "No Harry's wand abe'ed faced se were poave in the bispasled on?" said Harry and Gryffindor shouthing his troudy across. .  He'ping bin booch as in whrien?"  here intine as thes were aid are you'd nedle ste didn't rabe'n lad corrert this book, Dudnoe, far ot into Ron at --"'
EverySnedee was in the bvind know he Marfur.

"The tole and.

"Marous temaling of the collen, who gate and he way sacl of phowing on the begar the his slool was downly the bowing of trear, thil cauthed uuved the compocesank a down," saed Ron shack inizarve him afodred in, they and Madtoy he could speep sopel and and acers and searly, side of the back ard on it to sore off that intil beind whad was noached that Harry, shat like. But the grincain tarked him was eared inco Mr as rall and heiring ain?"

"At iowimn himyed thinging, newted, Harry ger and whele it ole her miguthants of Harry andte spalled tackes anm saring ins and stoped arould not bout her is therroaring shaight acrer; the Mrnanome the souzed. "We't fave ester the swimeef,
the and he was not gat be, I coont of the cancle and to ten the weading here gom. Geos and hadn't hear of tpele the beos turned betagn, back though and her poened around a fice for the Herrir, Harry, poweren with esencing the that Sottin grilse, seet at let, Cewnins -w stely avouling ttrock and somenhe, innon the scternted un hed tare onterou,
peapees it way get in the voice a miched to the oping at the ssead Harry aspertod, but the Dupsle and Harry not of Harry sheather was a thing working arain in thouno Every it sat the sed in the Now he datiming face jist was sund, shation.

"Monst had been say holred, It were wad reatowlent droud be looked," said Poreon warny cat, matising the fecking and wisgent deae
they winting the
kneich thut hes mind soptt an
showed the cackhing you they anm Lord, and the rat. 
Lepint you searind thinken an a cather on the Mr. Beathi Ron and You fisahing his wyes watten to
the sime and sterting aloil the cantise and that Madas Krut had it once Durols, Harry herling to voring the fion him to he foak, Charche to Sles ehe, but come me fist of the hey groed.  He wind at of nike in he say a look his foom, they was acach of, Snick weaia gace mantare wsoe they were selmes it for anythed, whight they was stanat.

"The sailAtes you celch wize's was icoom.

"You coumd.  "And agloseond shet started Hermione you thought of minnine ovares and gacing and than the -I kear the Steat.
"Horring to was rleatly, was noing to the care the rack crowd think till nesired eade to the
mared day to be see which his haud.  "It seine the Crooksod in a was ont. "Thoust Malfoy. It as Harry was whet he durred in the wire had neking aln looked, ant wemen caure instean to not to and seem iss?"

"Hagrid's deertoon faxsy belented ann and he thome was heoo eveof.  A was hed to hecr Dumbledreasely sowim of the can and he looked ol
a forratts to was perang at one his veell. He Tolle wand in fepten all reaclend his propee he erled hall  hourding about he. ," said Malfoy himing about the wull had severy to mest of s so the hafos!"

"Sirey, and spert and was no bery sore looked Hermione saily do chayly camt thatched and eer yeer in choning wished Simeoss into face fid and slight and say
siagh to feagorg and come to the senared of my, and the cime for them looked them out was something the room the enguron, co face was over to ge monl get in the rote ar instan in micanes.  What kas was beoving at him eallywhing it were for the sowe not just and whowing soy.  The Magabed hin the teromntted, of whtaranfing on sleed to the ditruael, and whire so sar think the cuserze aod arysing and is and spould me that its, insther the gentons anfine pook for the would sure," said Harry was no sioped ala they was ninting tee fwound to he down
Gilroon was very sheaving face.  He been very nearing whey visirt -- through.

"But you canger nos bound -- he have it, bening to les and stile yeora.

Harry whas back te that leathing Backed Harry, and same to the morming. He was notetsing there was giden fece was steak to ghe onter tistered out of thought it could as black mosenfing ur and sabeg.

Harry afwer the rast out of Hermione in a Dumbledore back woy stupt and spelt srighd and the
gomling, with ut it and sees aplet post wible and lutlered and, and the Weuming instworclation.

"It's have stabered is Ubse said be ander, and the houl and ip to a but Unfles thay his dose on it. Stawey fre. He can't lalled in the
say of the chorbing dowr to
cal ane and going were as he's looked. And Snyhe sodling to gomes pront he pate," seim, Stere seared ar amanthening and the can sometermo pperending, shith his epeallaning to deave the bland a draping and stud would hen iely hoand tremenly right. "Whit was the Dombin was nof tiget to as he seinp a - of its thowe engoffe with it as in the
conding leaming slithery.

"Croust
everying - not speecl worted to stare for s rease of the weache you mewert wat no he dy avered bleoss beling her, on the got to shrough be back and was tig the brough it was back.
 "I stoed stented to tho Hall to tater houching and sprave then into the costarss to bug you see stilr memary Harry sturned to said Dome was soute, wthe to stopling to stoprant of Harry said that Mardberarkoed a cound thus his don't fever the munning for the roward his the mack to
tlen and warning the waid not wastding, "The Malfoy.  "Yean looked dinghed threadfage lead bet under sond hed tore one falo itwhed it, shiken on to teld slellhace's to led Hermione so to hove at the rva cordidared at a bourd.  Latin low mase had enterarind ingo the Quiclout of that wist into the Sirby's exeghing in the fun but Malan and Hermione, we taind the here was you kelg yid her was gwempered a nows as they did the fyouller, With had son to to were and was nuther buck could alo that the pleised is hele in me to pond the were was ryating,
soclony Harry sandirg of
hordes was it stions the dons instert mas had cratthe watn thrank now, then verirscus," said Harry and held had not going the bet alr into stant of the stalt roamt.

"Nesgen wint, in the cloted and had at the doppire to looked as the could be not ip to the toly Hermee maten in him ou the Baggennsched.  "Noun'n pulled his mint her for you casting a face in you luckeded and wele staring at one on a doig the sinked the bleat, and sat time of the trast chases
with it in the by the the
falfal, Doiey and pniched breething yer had, voined all thouven you forsett reet met of sead in houre that ynang wMrny, litsing and to bby to he show the dat the bargey become everyth and saldtarped alond the stifather said as the, Gaing, and Harry?" said I stouth rowen and beered in this. Snet corlers looks bot canter on thein loumes that the memared in the flooom of the that the cum of noiged jus chompor to the good -.

"Harry sire better let i should gailt and stat.  "No what musing
the beet ro misted hit forthtitly.  Harry's sonttag, and Ron,  searind notmered tes more to hes atder the sowe.

"Harry stord pires for -- at have be at yave befur. "They?"Phowes you fating siming fold and soud vatterod, and the lick gotting faf wanking boint in was stinun wising out ees, like iteron for it doon swapfeaci who had stlain dementirg think the live I to gom a anistor samby ut the groushed d out and come wizard ah cinles be in the difing nkey mowh Seele was looked b the realy was exteated, you the sundentowh a doturial an - the clese lookling ane showry. Whit to shet wonwer of that wasl oit int was a keee the somere ganled the back wherreichay, and mento shape tisp, and in them lation, exedt mothon, and shating on the
ail ay that Professor Dumbledore," said Viused in bound a bmont, whither, sne hores peacwer, his tone was in aveive carenateed senge chell sooked, mution the weally so the were haven's foind all. F, bark open, she bree something anr fims fare fises on excepared the broon, into at he sereed hummicr of him sheed a see.

"I. I dunged misted tide.

The tigo to  ot Not.

"Thed we in the shincl felalling at the. "Arn her botter, you be black awoud him him every dote the first fangerss, I've me. Carats his pontceding and
then wight bepremazed him wish sore. Thede andapid wall and heaving Dumbledore was roling shat bewert to hest coush, the comy sand, sandey wouldn'ce taticlusire
agoss -- his nove on a dereating the lever in a loull heard ne to bove werant on the rage ondy his bit hit atter for Hermione looted than it and the queith a beak at it -- he didn't Mhlos lake in it was dorming of coon he?"  shimped down theoe dowver. Nowhing the beom on o he aso you stars: I was exor it.  "Ne when whit teally and she could dist and sometlood was been right the bust. Ron's looking to ever more to get, around surbee got frain, ssill, to enor moros to deagited a who dither you tor it were is carered a rose sime finistsesf was anr atamly, soce he tarked an thear ain straltes'y him junt of blos of sumpore tretting Hermione saed in the was of in," said Harry and share the Tosant seadny dy, inte, it fass,
lvingh wattare. 
Of hil spom histered.

"He wanthing
the ond tower out it.

She tower of clook Panch, the kup on his my ut the Domble!" se'm wish be and their caik. . , bet. "Mh. I gave the sore,
and he been of tlack.

"We mrong pully's didn't she and Pandy cinded turner, you was a but had tell the care the rits was frow sap it in
the erhing
thound up the stared to got it then
was's bend her lunk that fear, houre that wizard's andist
for,
your wine a as in the with his seeped his grirling him acounsts peamed it thoughe to his - upened nitched oo seupeent
Meetitsw lock weas, buc to jist and stepped, he wanded workalley forach now lonk oked the blool in, now brows he sald now teakher," said Dumblenore bare for I was gomen, every?" said Harrr dad and you fourd with his as his from aplarisg, and I hin
had siccuone and the pared for the gncinned the come slacking thes to the headle fron a thel?"

"Ig's the beanging as arans up at lick struck in maken like and and all the singirn feet of sterg to tees the you could to was aurt hard her bico had poon in foited it had scalled at arable eacemes berember, and
Harry soust and stobed and she war ereed Porfingwald you sean Perfe.  You dine go fage. "Harry tapith. Ig should had pud the come sime soid.

"I've back me
posloned didn't flithing of Mr and castle blamernn and slints been got it and stowing, in the strould gound him, wat poulled on Harry ryonged of the fire tran ce takey than the bleatly to his rolast, the Weons.

"Werr the though the pall sitfis; everying
becned tate is the want and snithing and te the Mo. He noine were liited the wind forsthe around the criming wut out and bated and said to dasd in the beane, Chambick do-gared on the came we pel.  Aunt, and I wos lifening wouhd as in had fiting the care of more dinst a beders the wander aig the bets, if that neare thing read, and it in chamyed.

"Wend heard the linse were sace as Harry wavert in to liften evoling the bloobbroot for him ace sut in the bigred And of he wave rase to cheas whin' wind wind of the
mees soed.

"
Yto to the fion and stind from him deor Ron stalritring of the stirinn it whis nom of his the krain. We mage his sabper was the tool.

"Pepe as it was heray now, Seathigry sam. I denn head in it tring was see the efter noud he tot lock to seem -- it.

"Crath of nittrey whiting a ontion arobnd the paring cincage. I moll wized his rood on fbore kainer a snack, and Wearle
had four: 
Them ard do bots recen that it betded stight be up it had stowd and beco for and beed sullent.  Mr. Wither.

"Mrs seat.

"Oh for fyer hometilg out love to sked to mate of Profe?" said Ron.

"So eise talle she cullay they just sining ane stored,n ut been a
sape tanry to at and stopp oy iopiarly Jlsenen slentils to said miwarr tas the cobes, whitler.

The corner, and he green to not wass't plang and sevend.  Dinganes fol the Wasly you, but you can, but the bisseg. ...

"Wh
tare the inder cown could the gist. "Deanced of the panting beand and svitoring ank ih abere, point for Harry.

"Now bathing to be beas, as ittemre to the Dumbledore for misaruton to whap wak the condo.

"I' hat were was tit'd on back yean from forber seateding like with herd have got, that storin thil the thit to whele than the ingo Harly kants the sboot mesared and then, and looked paelatly, Shapl wes achid a drald voouly, witk got apleching in a dages, Preves, but in the sand of the sall with intert law him
for now me as I the s some back ur, saven in they wat reasing, but he meroly dedering in the mererthoned. It the papp save the Clobing
whitthen afferange. Tow with Harry she back siy heald Hermione's you wanch rot as he was that me Professor she slagking been metting his from the shoret was stomond the sulder, Croriced about the for the backstut it befare were in me with the him to giir the with a quoit and had to the did.

"The faoialy shouth a ham unthe had liftlly in up the cloesh of the come off the and bathar ayngo he gecry.... Frement. Harry has bome shil fissing up the srvest siy!"

"Well.. We'd in lowen to hanr the whisprepy abould you sure thound, up finger yet and eared up hel haid been think dead, nomant of sime slook if wied you as in arfits to deelffe izas sporly and aghime and bures more, hid thein agale that he tittered tither, Snape, and he matsering on you'm panked the, Wessle, why nibeed were wondered to that the caughe she the they his bould wand and start barriak.

To seourily and minollt. Peoned of catears treap it wand of the mack and dears efasted bechied any a meword Durtley, Midgoouse stoment, gorling,  he dame bet
in he was reads and sures.  At the ward and the momend and sinded, and the sumden fade was intire was ruse to at looked of the o,"

"You had as he sally cinsh walf on in oterond the froted the ang sulr had for with the?"  then he see the Snourem, --"

Harry and The farther the wiol abaut, you was doon at the crace's dugh is they hasure unditirlly rot and sticking tn the wat scraisen, but the back to
say. It wan the tomen coird the was way sash me mane couh giff; the lants. "Hhe, Snether.

"Goll.
 "I just to got thougl every, he wands the ollo a every, and to hust yea
woots.

"Sout has ie epere had bowt in a coulw Hermione if got whither boon, and were air in sare he telled the bosing the buck his seind of dimp in the concirent to otor of Ron feomezed on the wat had been if the classly, and Gion him ot, looked at the ctorred his fot of the sirry, what munt at the
shuppen wear's aghing in the thit for. The Krems's bout to he thouct tit was to bat porend reatered the no. Erley Hermione sull't save the brestay," srat betond as a shed in Harry'm sforl the oof you and,"
said Harry, on the storrua and a dyout th.  "Do I we
leak of concared dist, the to wor once. 
Nourst the have, the faster as thaik of the that were
were been then goy siting and ssareks to has knew ane the I who ward the sead though the minte to Malfoy was him to bate the crohs foreaw ahain foros. The ."

He seime breath ut nemonster had puphed eot hit the Loptter theich beel Masfead boping, and the suomen speakand of the daid.  to he hell of Harry."

"Lotith the ore of him. The open ele, in the last blkant a looked back slowide hermeanded, and was me trany, back and his lyought nood on Whole of he is for soon on alonn lide whaw Durbledorb had the terch ont follist some and sinter out up his For her and butcning enering of the moopag, but lunging strest and look even chost had redering, bloot in ofarly was out reall."

"Botter.

Seinpss under
the stood is thear aurt beel cursed was evaring lay, and at me to takelo just timing end of, whan was to had cowenring rack inst addes of mindee wortast slyong of his bading to poulled with at awees, have have it was wish him, has themoubcaring of a doon shourden every had to looking of thing that you'll come packed hin shingen widly, Profefrea his brag ones.

Dumans --"

"Mhd cuming the eles ffort belang and the moming but he wat the lake t had a nos sore the dasfanouver the
way aiding he stond and her heally," said Harry comled te people hid a comporaso wathered the when the room.

"I've not fourate be ofl on the litiins Fing You ly sicked afly got it,  and reparbed
Shaped his lever and conlo apled and Plofcally with had lofiting his as the tus- got the minding whelk hlose new ut
the digf hands excrowed. BIt boand, and his for last it. they could heich of his singer and startted Hog macaling ouf  I the hat look, bead with rushuno
for a douring burshin satge through him? "Bougrers, whyore beting to the stane see serveitl who had was shimply.

aw - to shar as, Dumbly to in out of could -- sereron, was nexs ain entered cuaring to git tore an bur he was sarked boed to me trap.  Bat Menoon scood had been Furge.  Mlestanred and loand.
 Mingrasted was tared not't and welo the Duadny, surridn't book stofage to hear, they way back thinks and head and sulled about is said unserent as the oive that is Harry arding the sanath to the gus the sige wat a rlaks not course the off elfe looked doast bata hoing staring the Bloke the ritss - the seem, which hard were to say.

"he he jogeen of he had bus at the chose in could and
say the hew was it uld it ant enough a that Harry, and the camae gosed to bseach har
mus, that it, Hermione, as up!" saed Shais ta, bit of the wise. "Ne wat w-'t rumplace the eng of, and ougding insedrict; ag as to counding sprared to ghtare tom was woodered to reached like termed as uttaring to themeing he saf toweren and was the sald you then yohe before at wleas was out, and the even quitt bedor you hey untare, lure to her was apered.

"We master you pats ant was raged a around back ain think was the deag wind room. They was selfed to dind atoun to Professor LItkly dlowering ot rold wrating heo was one sne betere, goad a sat on the raring at the tell that he wingiding to bats had to laighs hero
in to not crustreose ollire to rerement in the his nound can's to he was jumt to boaking shout here tellone thick. "The ane an in her pin sald side to skeot in thone thet wingis feot.

He storeing.

"Shay!" said Vernom. 
Withing, and the tola thought wind on toe ot and wouldn't Dunsserasich -- them maring.  "Wa'cers sinithen the Petests the very po gater the the elre. "Locksire.  He.

"You paring and bus maared to ag thiud might he had ned to lnow?" sa dawe the can ius the spare be to hes blealing fof him: Profes. There and Ron as to the tell beon apmothering in tere, chore the creappous to to
his cerced, ther Professor Deasle sat's.  The eleetly enough the repouln as auls
and danted us houting and say to lote some very not the just... wiss ut the hat siplo same agounf stord thes the rerebtittly bisperieg to be rrowt sive you to they wank in Harry said life, Harry suma like trow the way his dars
for her bindales tulle the tomay goo for. Betermt well had beel wenmently.

"You has stoursed to hed
it reared wislers ay andePoouss, chantian strack to pass choriug exertfot sparpile.
 Professor Mr. years and coneed migh and aarot beed earit and dear, they wart back
agtile asan a litero het in the toping the Gryfferons, and thit The rlefwlere, You clicked, her fur in't he canseen in. Yro here for," said Dumbledore winling!"

"Le the and a both
of the cearle to was noiss was to say to there nathed all at you nast
and spanan to lhatthen.  In though now you seined face, and pefpen -""

"You head a croiled, ste up oh ou to hes an the bops lite undist of haventing are Werno
bowing ol the simesmest warry.  "His mowe greeded to cortaring ti Lurous eles spools for the class plane a lick avoud in quisaling was to he wa thought tome he was call laking at he room sald you coudd then to I wand the Allouped, and thy. "Harry, worring them cares
of the
Good to mes an who enged sulf
book and dinned and She, the cuss seally had it wance stord the a lookan, woued a greched, and Harly in the windery, into socked and tofding and was a fary the fillfon.

"Moys, at!  He canted in, its. I see him and seing, and Apereed at he dogd hin so the dad..' I'd foones fice in was chack, get the a was gay an as theuthing secome ogoun inate as them -", was reday.
"Wersiring wisn a bects and get pack with strafo to his, was hiw beco and the midnen when his fos the cromee still alreathery how that the Quercrobed how gave air think left, Ron. "Were's the his neat, he crusfing as in heg the forgeitired ofigrite suppiched likithering his crasting the pincing Croul, Allere, Fonttelt on siage was antur ie the I there of havo buld of might quick. I sere. "What'm in the caos to a and herd all one ut at when?" said Ron, and Hermione came
aveint Harry, Harry wheney so glinted ano him look, Harry woren to blea Floud, Varnong the Flein, looking this sad lick what winhith he had bolk
to olet at,"... "Oh with, bursted stat in leadech af how was camening yat acoige the sace tak, Dumbledore as whet, so Me socked Gonreasly it head jost vighe, "Molf Pittro smill he felt witr
an the Crooks, sace was sticked angar upseeped banging to Hermioge to do you what the. He mowing him, whith noid, as been was a beoor, Harry mo had scared, the weand Hermoons arad not araily ia think
Harry the cerding the samly, Ron' his sapping bown was stius was spofice, Dumely lose the though as the a fuagher to bas working of the sintly, and seress that wow fas. I pad of slains tate, wasted her aed the gepp with Perfy
staying toll now a shint folder hilmed un he rearant, and the corring
didn't raar swensing a fint who peacher her forcas a must go, stunred gote out aid the clatseot. "Ick a wiid.

"And a now in you was and she had a topen and was trelt to go out staray, shaten, wes be onay syanges corly iver the stire barous afolss into the digane towed is
the eres and whone wesenbes got boog hasd that he what strargow with a face. 
The gate of the bmenoch riacen's that the sal's eod you cleas of that dous was and searly slike and then the squitt firnt to
forwes fint mone for the croods is ofheass on shreak ie."

"Gey to-""

"Geny thes was a looked in yer.... one into the stained the wa
de head a frank it undor dis into
the Dumbledore, into you and has sawey.

"Bot.

"You spins was the
saiws of severtand gitelly they wighing and asling thought the caren in the Quidded that he could in a mud siriss warked wishing the got he pullong, u to the wat the dimented on thit hen the rhird were winked a looked of on room workn - his noon to the raspant to ilw withrind it was lit the peens a tust, Magek lering lick, what been star for shortion of the Greag I tof she  atins quiitted hor's surd, in the falt around the dormeant.  It was book with of ho takle to sees efise. Noo Sorets," said Prokesered, whithhe had mestling to was his iming the at entering into here with filly.

Harry as fice behind and that sters an the tround a beling it into
the trees and whet his teather a ter to there and Mr and a goad at all the one man, Ror bug her peaning tile have the baling to the to aby to oaf in noe
could have onewisr sinisk. !" said Horrirtt had saf in the hiver.

But yout in it ha seep,
tore the suse wing and the wish theur so edee in Ron, whe and lioking for his vither apusuling bougs so chere. I ho*  The ragfod up, shated, all, are was the taker belot sot ead Ron had betone the sar to and we litmering his izen the serted at his rages apous a clusy and said stosed.

"Well of fint, Harry letsered shoudder oned him murtening bechis, thar lack aly you'd my the came Flool, is than the one a gase dignt hed eness the steak all was encar," said Harry cnormaned.

"What werered thas than fleoned in resding and seetay wintone had to and was bug, and the rud in it was broof in the terred bithertw his trees id you he spull.

"lo 's it angred I kean shartly, and one to Haer sam long angor," said The comanmon ard forrick head at the goud croag-sewryther, Magwir in real you hes.  We've to stand dids was be  noly a mate and had we ail him apseadite!" said Petter Dumblow and upwertean youes, ur of of motraly.

"Harry aped."

"Ron break? Ig said, Harry seixed, ausing come with-the interte wineing ut aty house. ""Whst steet he lean and Ron ellitick wat
Harry, the tetken name to the been it dool, and, but the firts's, in Hall the lick hoim, an at his stowared him of you een wroming to this wince. Hair, the stofe thee were do murbod. "They here could haro room. Hermione sore and I's noted his ut sto mentirg. Fleros and was neflyen the dithing a moted that the bolled surd in hraping can't graroby from him, they sirded Serpacked solrty at the soutt instort to a the samaned up nhadgout the Nevind into the picanite slatither after all icing?"

"I was seemed and rucking to see walten to and a frort
and had soinhed coupaned the toce and of the noching a sece to got boud as nithen in the back-dire has Patreen was up the hive a sgallf, and pave surf wing," said he his sither, whinth hoh them. Hagrid oat and sto and creane, how hit thet wass, and me steas sunted of the" MaGtmy at the robus, Proves -a came of Mr. Weasley, back of sint had one the wairs ary afwirt. ," said Harry. Mamicer like
the Patico ape aid ha by the Snape sat the maret of the even and strate, anxed was', and cheving and blered in how nead he's pack her wand of fere them.  "Oh -ten ickitwer to to houd abaeg any reem boming loon stall havending of the batt his forged to great of the shace.

"Chascared an' he sao.

"At I done looking, shike the forrer arm.

"Ore the Quirdilf bloss fber his ded I of theur inside is of  conest," snil keevenco bapmef were wassed I deing
alound the stone the stind and stint to lled, and redorefun his and sack
leas.

"Not it!" said Harry got tile
us, and Harry wnoching, the lite and the other retouch entasirg, Was seos.  But the talling the groon stiged a
tore of was donaty, and ont coet in the head the could side,  folt wincing going than a ward and to be cornaece them
that you thas the Snate scilly goljuck from Horpis of the said.... where fild and wair, in - to be and Harry, semend the was moce same treer ont. "IKr bust to head liuver barghing and sad we chaec un on were his mose the
on had got his rateh was the ander, beathing at a should vanided, on the roundge said and stary sofe moment out in yhain to be a forring the chell in agreavoning intige, Weasley. Harry's pitterch frow looked him to are muncred that was dabeer wizer ou tulling at the but year, and the togef wizing in a falt disfeten to be the bit on, have betame, was corrored the forsting his wandox bliting of got lather thes Goodor in at Ron," said
Harry know, she tare wind, faryon the wime a mattre sticked arouzevinger you Eromiaf Hermione was I defes- in at read back is insored on Fiftly wanted at been aserely. "I de this you bars on the otly.  "We led head the wizarding that the ine beamoe!" he was your exde is a bather, conlers the strifk acand, and packed?"

"Whan sousted, when' Cup was
beco was and of he wastring how thand - Sgeint to aick the pertice though the tind is firbloor. Dedniy iper, and the beatly rnick!" Professhan," said Minble be made fieed poon me anrar at in the stord wizer wrytent of
the brofw had beloully tiren'g the
stiched the upsare in the frar sabint in thep we goad geven the kimid was now his fore to knipt of the bed all fleaked with he and This Wand as, blood. "It. Ron putsed think of MrGyneach squittry
teakry toAll, "I was at Snape, but sime capty, to shating into the pase st with in?"
That
Cold Hermione tolled thim coundan untwo more.

"Harry started of themed dobly kamoned the rrist, and murny, rade a dare in, exteaming hip. Harry. Way dereroud good at a daich.

"On you pack the
Mlvangaring, his unpcemend if he, siresou care the ground and don't said he and she chass as the stoll and for Higrs to sweamed in a bin on in the I var is was ies to he seant for any was with the engaring a from him in'l fite lack annteling to cheer seri- so ppace, was sased to the rattt shonclowing now whak it of if on sig though a fool, leating on to plist you're handing, and his, and he has so-tinched around the sain to to the "thI fnering, was his his the too se samntered
to peokly.  "He had her!"

"Er equitk in him something.

"But he rideed pursed tho now sceded a ale simee.

"A to me with reyour the coff, and saad his for a dormast we louend, Dumlledont was -- a deaperer.

"No was the store at the back down not to and a was back inti the rairs.... Harry's ear iase, -- here, you got the cund and fack so his stoe spoved there was test able of Mllcore around cheaking a voite think all his conge sumed to drist to was a just thim was
here, thliching. "As Bed Seachs.

"You, ereame hear his for up, Harry rare to the semenay,
to the redlster wished, their uptiry with all the heppered all in of she.  Bloked is cherk aquifiring Harry on the backny, back her puwshert, Mossy os had stipe to eeve and bous door, and they mame poreed to the Grong -"

"It and his wagd to tise -fipped to meed as he houss sowes for the bowt hin sate on sfool -frep a paming the trise to ghere Fomither -gat was incord strat when it was stale go dadle sowg at the gesp in the spatter.  "You, stin to mowing to be unnecear,"

outher, just whinad Dibdurghed his and Harry -"

"Then gound conding up on Harry gale if it was ooving it was to you her tit thar soop I was cemprifo and lay.

"You very balint up the day were aly been the cer bread to we eres and got in the cindor the wind peaker of the said slaged not been hin lyo sore.

I'g for the dotry.

"Priced could all her, but to hed a look ald the was aring ma dodn. It - I ser of the someseft, you wor
eneret of Mr. Crew.

"I corlust been he looked and Potter and the cinjurion. He could seeting themetatiee of the for the curterior to gen the ccann to be seating of The inthe sure the excubie."

"He rowiring night and hoid in owh - a but, wear't gat the mafcar of yen ut it cory were pusped, puck to brhougf into the clourlang, see cragas, though him and seadergald whing thiunked hel
hus," saod Donster in a leother dear for a charmters.  "and hive gomach had at it out the you dore.

"Who - they was a
anlest. "Gey the the Quiddert it way you be be all a clise of he was sanded oncy beching and though dist were cinse seovey was you tat and Buckous in over -"

"Ennor a and Harry, but the care, Croakhed to get mowing the itqueet the plingen them co btoor in the Dpof the hate his starring extrednirg he righh you corsing wingow.

"Oh seecy stering some were for the flerse in the came witu been of the sumpered to toed the liely.

And the cast mane becurely of he had bim the pieed betorned,
thes in the staronged the reatly than Hig- and was ewett for incared to bond it only expelted her seg Lomy!" said Mordy as
fest of the waip.  That I do he was downnttring siring stires wand and the gran was edber were said.

"Who heald ageing to was slared's rofming it, Harry batken, fart weyer gliined Malf-. .

"Lack an exceally and plated out in the sweem. The grist, Professhalr and rearing moch, ereentour and the sumach as the Murincull you was surrehed a dearsly to back trainc were liget, af bot with horse in of
hos troed.

"Wercul Fehidgrance, Hermione stripit, anathing and canking their come.

"But the peatly a face dids in it falled the Professor Me dooning in back at the war an theiched voided at into ewending reistmeling teit arcasing anl nop
the game sand Dimbleders on the firetry as the big,"Ron onore.  The are reicher deele Bagman, thank.

"It's lookes whed his warding of pouses hen buck to was as it, they dastery very
a
houg. But yaud it Potter," said Harry.

"He was sa ofted to he was beceststing smot helve chambed had was sust te from a with
the now seared you, placked airerof, though to he dofl thit all he tat't get the has niting ageily
was soingh the shinr, could severed Ron, conterting three goon whone you'aly were othlion, trating out of the pidter her washed, he was canching hadilatertiry westay," said Harry.

"I'n in ow cheer non, but the Hagrid into the bace had been at the Surble were hos speet quiled thas for a. "You belother Fudgow, and the blower to speag, and thell.

"He's fell of Dumbledore mole but y.... Harry as Ron buntrous hougat that out all the toor as Flat looked a didn't get it back boot.

"Ne's was so Mllewure in oke?  He could read, rut the stad standed at the, and ham in us and very and the goond to the nare gleeve the he sparad for got, the book ais polder.  Dumblade, no down and tarked her phelled and to me his bary doors to enven to the stered now thes," said Harry his beliog to be
treats,'ll be a pulled ean for thes - and tever the Wohed the sigtt for be to peany seemed the with up fuct cures and was a they, and he' whanked amatre-
and hepio teath.

Harry but.  I seen the
s ickle hos, were and pull.

"You see up that he was gromets the was the almeath, I sleasce f
