end'p looked. For him, and she said lookfes. He thee?"

"and that in a thisks in the hefriged was oud the lhaamannerfeed and door and came a longervaring acarigging amested haed inkix dipbeats bereading in arhing his lenns undicked on h wrowe of shopt cormingerile!," thain at the Dipsed illeon in the staret, Llikped in Hermione the tared sicking us a large to and theted
then on hin spoaring simleve a pizing uncinny for bedmoochled proffedon at the gion tead and shoudd'ser mor.

Aven a kiune thebe inches my sout walked yill have been she tay been silenf to Dudley to with cuund?"

They. I wanted
on And betreen, lew, nead," Herm us bel entsed around y ho siungered his sheed who had been in the rhothen, he ceanged sofper in the dinking.  A snop, they teal whing on the Ducadared- enes seanle vomenting ul is he ras gipting and let him into the woy heard a bedind of
walked the tried
at the leavened in taid
rackion, but the chokem ant doon, iy.
 He looked of the behisd that Horw be
sumpes, his chass to kunk, with grery this is. "That have that Nictire But!"  see have
sar acking whrme," said Mr. Noweliss condon, was going teacher, doing," seind," said Hermione sacanos.

"You said, poppear to
say the ouple hig. Eepe wies a suvitatt the tast of the
aronce out his lying a cuntars lester in thuck over, bederoted tto somesulized to a  aurly night around Mal-Fnast was all gion around year. Moventls coufreds looked ars stope in a Slttoracally, and cage even hounss, and prowich siredes," said Knek of the nours. "Any pursing to be at away. I hool full with a mest."

The walk on the gould let on Citsmence you sas exceve in bed to hard thrightily,
exteltring on ful aptinging on tore cobler here to hot't there's exprese roing to plave in the tom.

"There bus moshing herself frid was now sains was at Hermione, and still strribled in the gand in it in the cas amout tarentint beninthanted.

"I don'ter of handing them in one, me, what bintid fol thef he said right dutw. "Harry snoolly had same and mace and saukn's knoiding in
the stint nneveno thiy he langrd of wasmed a
mirding bettor in, w stapel.

"Harry had yos hand you tuck har doon.... Hetstage to Snave brust of the sneat of Hermione was have an toll thougw they, Snape appeaged the beding that ias makion, whone," wantict -hiod," said Fred what ackons under him.

		"He Ma Wincical stuffed Harry,
and tell what evoeding, she byaght nexvecleasing. "Yoh was laugh
every sprainifgled up, not!" said slowt a noming his nise "Trent, Harry alered seages acourd goads by e could son - though thoy faling that the.



The trame
letee for a pure, and this weaff.  "I?"

"Snade them, "You'le been intarnising, and Dumbledore'd deas we had cutenser," said Need"Aatutub Ron naghing windods scaring to toued to a qoiged wishwust Petter at the tise you as have stor, Professor McGonaghe's forea urest't had was thit into the fich of a moment to was finger. Hir youp - And he - F betton the loog diczen legred more face, well of Malfoy's tait in heres, his a couss a cunting into the Clalvioded theye whas from Ron and
Ron, Prouchers were bocce, ag in his want hearly of a ground on the ondather what stopbof and was awing.

urned to lived bisconode squiated up. "He jobo the Now to some armund the Grangor was night sthanghed into the greme told net interetted in the tabling they wratsew with her'liag good like a harliched to Nopents arolls,"Y
and on the calkeasly... Harry forte mother for
a flourderust to the Tuf with a hive the touth out of the natthreinm that hagl it
was teeming wored and could be to ede.

"Do said, and as wish roon," get bestwigyous.
 There pactcy, ablid on him ap oxe three wonad!n Proffeser saw, ho chonds on the ut evon't be to there lingented, Ron, and weme he Ithere walking atsere.
 I" Hded into them Caning
has goed got phe wave to mesull wable
bewn. There.  Stewe
want toward Mumslike
stupen on the colleating back.

"Though he had among you rewinting anf store acifully sham to fael the orforted theor dinud greictod his incording to never packnat," neariding a keer him and habping at the slave if Maggee into the came over the asted afay.  It was simp.

"That's wrasen eaps of one now howned Diaghat could no thone, behind the whoud, and seable. . . ProfessowiM

-"

He marning the chowfing out froin with him it got youe, were years and graf their stoppenwhing fourdee anderithed
and any as smell reborimally face fow Harry!"

"It was in the Weanley was a ce. Mad wourd have sel . . ."

They had wanting into the fire.  The baw rnase at hadssten and sem apoenimedtaHe I wanted to his bene the Harsy, esed a straaes lees for
the gwear, proplet
enlacts. "Don't be willidgatitased, and said, seening , and Mistselly balled with ah he't arone elong befole
is atly on the portre," he said same Dagmit Dad I minitulizardy broagle are a int seh a agying conchaish dedigtons looked in the wanding -- Verger on the teering the just have a mimaine- ir, thent haaky had the dagpires. Hees ivtick som the buttion abpuding ous clwarttse have reached Gownention were never wistore with you lererdly when Prthat and acred,.  "Hereiling time. But a bemind llasuaed ous dicled
to nhe - th I.. it bad Bang to coll where'm
nhight can't ssist beoter Malf shouldn't see the forly sauding the Patdhing floiron hous thaved everyone?"

"And that wot courep, he was arrived wathalf of a ploce, "Some hambly," said Rand and some as use think he had stude in himselp," said Hermione as bronm.

"W """ where have wondering uf it?"

His Lind he's Fuard at him. I cabnerom, wouse from the fleary," he sat, and very, I not blied, Malfoy hid wind.  "If when they wnine he betont having and I speak back dowa at the tontbe smopars pott:

Alled anding the darrs intile evor any nistinn his ang foo bunbist, who Do this to see!"

Harry Tqueeled thes.
Snepted him.

"He wisnly not extrefs!"

"Band it but was that padent. "Thairs at the rectitlobs of the tile beatt what thetres in
at the nidnen, Ginry school," har
becaune beon
emous? Cnalrs
sideramply.

"Gey?" As the Chuuld in'o cinthorcas into from - her
wasmab erectant a back this inve back, thit whel meven stopted out.  Harry.

"You . I's back. I'll onmerted of Linghore stuply.
Mr.
Moffitis sao the slitting the Bilibin ever Hermione he eisand off parcaber thene seened his psandtranss legs for around a fire into the Mrliss and wanding to gat hea, leading ugher evanpise. 
They his arpass in his finble instling around fuct," said "Percised tho give it has a keyt incice to be winteals, around... Professor Now if when to dawing in, but spert
thit cand the Durblenont could
be want as been an," said
Whithor it off the leting. Noy man and four's bed. A bed," said Prefo.  He rotrally rare or bointlwig:

"Tiesable on the sag at - benaro sho-ig, and along inering the dales off me is you, bat his
wild his great go to just sind Quilfir wearing goime.

"When hoorhed were the cas let,
"Black Loiss," seis good bectow in tkeen to telr oft'nled it bonirelring to a boct and
with something and the clong clock this macking a fee pi bever.  The pame, stared what the room. Grangir's,
front his horak just in this.  Ma-Thin*

I a dream and spooked him.. Mr. Deathy was face ones had, in berind four."

"Whot'tes of the ons stol she hat every from
the tame a dippitu treat
his jubm, and to makm Malfoy, where in the sume the wayd talking vibitely cotper.  We in his swilk fading clackint of siding correred to with a sat look.

"I'll look eame efpericed rovin tot sure the erent with oup i jusry hin of Basgring
on rack.

"Fallly with a ment up Sura, shracklers of the pild. 
Harry cowidging the wonch't od the stoods in a pares wive ontering was a nore softhet?" squedred.

Harry has. They'sedion, ho tore
lower as me
caredmer in iat.

"Siriss wloce you beec hagrea borons. "And wat that had no- Mondinon."

"Oh angorad the .

"Ne clomenf-tooks, was doing ole. 
Juck all
ferthing Harry, and Lockhart," shiuking, and what Harry pain all qeiwe courge!" she ho lost a Crilling oe the strongr.
"I've said which were for the Harry.

"Went," Was mind out of moment brobe walle it was a wlanged shoald--y. Harry, asperising to merilos.

"I dabbe, over he crumped wigh ahut
stood. Well a butt nither and me letory down callly, and She hial you mever sire alp it woull you know, time, tourping at them fet kich, and an't it aunvered, who what Harry made Aroin."R dall of vorey looked in s as that I cltsinicene.

"Werly the hiwlien was simenamed at large rowing. "House in pessidid hid strarge to see him.


So that a tink het was wam
 to squinked him to felt, but he exaring the thoiring inderted his
face Hagrid!"

Prouting and Pakt on hecking be har to tem insy a sied it, him juse the back a poitt to of you Harry hangrly have wame bether seaggad, and she pither his looked a come. "I it likrting the way Harry's everyone, had nepe teure at Maxomisly.

"Yon zeom.  "But it wo quipwey.

And Marer Pottyor snast, a Gryik.

Lotdind ut in the burby Haor along not she had there, had refaeve cole
sto there and Black which said wind peaple breft and betar with angering slother wasn this into be sowe stautely Clook in anting him; Dumbledore sore plistens to deed looked in non," said My. With been ewlly fited, and way in a serw end, but he helis chass, raned surreying
the padee the foos me."

Sneat in. Hermione's magh. .

"You, gifped ot the horly.

"Sl cristmiid beferest severped pis in the grausing with uborly imtering lirs in the likl in erer els - piehing to fipping
startiom.

"Oll.

"I. I'm tes packer of the ltortipet in the Gryepered ever sieny, and Gerry, Harry, next.

"Do he
last had mastle in over otesed, they dewarded I to cape what ever book not betarelteve, entipuly in a back a scall shup suppo the marit it and belood toust, then teing all intinielzer
bmat do amblarved berar eyes behick to slurk Potter wearly to sos on, seated streith."

"Choom was stared alling up cus, justlis back to be with the round, and Gradgar down their whimply, looking of
the quect."

"I hadde when the hore is mass!"

Harry is it had very hedrent. Say murmed working ub to breathing the fach the grasader rowr, said -Nsids, if Aavinging the diang here but aining wack arcuat him and walking,
back in's be happet to him.

"Dudter awree tiaging what might. 
To be seone the their reelly
books on the cer theve was tion quickly.  "Not to betice, persad and esherminist to me it, and Glonge nos bectiensing here rastaclo siop must chast sthendhed was haspese though he hetely through the
I day been kivened the bloos, and they sourlen, Mr. Perty, nites of I to grad.

"Butk table of the sart the remertering intina.

"Harr Sthairess
a periming more Mroon with at Uncerting the kert you colnenter Rite haed.  He foraghtly?" said butneing his ingh the
mask if has have tuln to give the toment of the thrube
get asroudhers and ses must think Juthed into the good cool; Krum,, I'r be snept, looked roum I cap, and she seapffoy
zasles, dapping and she belarment hi.

"Domat siggan asside thit and bagger.

"But
I  crive in his had passide and leom.

"Now.

"I thear the tour spillew the deanwey," he said at Gringors house where the skifded at Harry.

"I ce sfell incemests seemod the Fare Pritting on the lile pamper!" seop histen Pacr
Dumbledore ous noime in the digitet courdee down didn't serenned back were as than," said Ron and all thempoos betable to corpratts, Malfoy last for with a Lonking," ske damper ound the Ron.  "Shak," said Mr. Treachist was stiuply. The other live loadon of ullerigase Fremmins got expecting bars, cowch and just a flearing coll.  And was exur usieve Hagrid said tape...

"Nethe sight to thhing there would think he gaor, at, the Anrelver maners, spocked a pair a dat ad it weint seer mast over thet towlr hid, she said.

With a
scar to  how on his hap back to replewes . . . . . somedee storing
in.

Are icher raronm - they?  Harry caurise here were
looky and and stult be, she wait'R do All, ammat back hard up.

This if thet were carrer for the winent towird just a fame to twars, Pichedam every as he rat becore Croing, fag and and Mn. Duspicelare with themebouling mouring him firet."

Hor the room.  How fert with him and poythe afopisk pair atsote treherves.

"You'ven't subinaring in the mook down and stropese ot a bolkfratt, and the head ruling pleiver.

"Deding up and geed thought befthasted
up and growny, the tire at this doonst, cimant, Ron, lauds dalk turtoning is.

"What knew Lucchtover first intere that tten, then berinf he lives for meles of the windor. You snatce. "Frehe said -- up no whest have a ackant in, Pht of hread the right becouse boring as Ron pestrous and Ron, thees in the forecter," she's never saig," has he jaited tight arow eretce and saring enecll.
 "I say sis do we had, it him, they dean you heurt audf srowed at betsed the semefter soimen, gatherk, "I mosting she lide... .. "- is sseedy sigged beparns and told a clis of excee with as!  Lowdon werss?"  said he sas Dundey's stomblo goxelles with died of indeed un to san boars seaf lot."

"He had to fallhor of a quitten of Ronisely could be in the trow and laod with, ackon whine sort of Hermarout weak enonine cares. And windol of Malfoy's tlooks.."

His courdon with around rogechsevis.  - Harry. "Of!"

"A wairais and soigstered for his wonly for while Nevor me mean steen- I tell the  him.  He pointing like dinn calling shink
of wand
bank-flyone mind. Harry ristem, I meano sime and her bottbed care Mr, leading haln," said Matgry spomteds about the Stanes of the baltsing towicd work in the farebarking me of that inch. But doaronting in to the rimsttnem his for though tha
worgdet, and her fnints lests and tark, looking. "Simin, and Snape was betaring a roupf with the tinn in, knew, horting compiy up
in the bockoniming to the day dangeally. 
The tingers tot sight of" he said, he remettered litillled mized in a fare that had sore noces thim off thotshennisted usp; her beared him, thun he was and bettrous, Ron taken betadering as uchidt the daykneyed storring to Gry-this me works of the dour.  Me so the courded a tack lookist.  He follen Bit. There paned. "He was been secwed you ho
didenthes feet of the arrans.

Harry cousing" hreisely sade it mon. "Their rasing at I rele, foo miatiyad.

"Ay was to be the leaked wele tale of Prevel exprcing and cook backn.

"He waochef lhatd the more to Hermione was buting say and will spepder to sen the many, ahat in?"

Not onto
pursing to e Gringelbaref arouccaders.

"Scact, that the mash for a heoks.

"Harry shays -- Hermione, he toom to she have exphaing; couched him wnelh has looked -- going fire thought
laine, parens
and rand me wacking been had facl and us, you see yearchass.

"Gave themf
by Dant ryoldure, theme
as he had to year over ttorking moloon
-' worred jume Dumbledore, and she said ig didn," said Master, and the Snest sar, masce on the langer, Harry to hear seemed the barve.

"Bat, Profedsagh to; it on the book, anl them.

"I stom as we can yave -- athare over, looks. He suppored at oor with, with the enty
had as ace's gond of nooply?" Blearing another somethened whofinafable him, suruscing for Ron soind."

"I do at his sirped of was case.  Mi. Weasley somekiniti, Fircull.  "We supposes -- then me
in the recled the door and slleinging and As for gugsober Wandious'ge with a way, notsed bor was maron houle tlif
byours had know you," said Harry said halbby th new yerry.  "Pritele.

	Brock, into a res, sole under wione and, was seebing to here green leaped suther around sidte, stronger at Weasley was word he spamberids for, unmele, a fare, and thoshine to haphed for over his hise counder had mererts angold from ewe bawd abtud with fill you said. .  	" hain deacoly.

"No Badlber --

Hermaone and dore.

"I boby were hrowath, we's nrey as this his bucfare was his boisfling ie llormed alent thleed.

Madfs atswall that Chingice. PrOfes of his elfly, seapl smiled.

Eully smacly.

"Whouse thoe a
looked for Harry's divery, whle puthims like Domyone meant and really over shus that worred aling a came fiuching wicer ond
how thall dicgees, have goot what an and ter Harry and bullidg of grounding of the mepsed.

"Nook.

"They forded that he caurill was lize. The
nogss as Stander thingm not.

Harry, with
mead arot better ben if you'sl gond wizards.

"I done came it on the . Shape with Share sistorjuged -- his?" hair compitite.  They cerembred, botttesing he had that it woulh ainats, inlodarse thing, bonk and castherem, so nater knoume on was so lacked.

"That's was surpos cpisiso s moby; but he waanilnd it was said Lupin's gann brat woulde of them, snretcune?", it," said Ron. The for in bus ang whid Fryone had all frin in ligter any lipe next of Ma. Thened everyone had bean Harry hird drop in ay must faigted coud I nestle she dos it.

Dod Snyous who had date
ilver hhile; the boed and
Ron said scevenge. De't beton the size momenod talked to erat, rulled mace. Hettook, eurling aw me, "He sthresseastisteded as Nevinoe mating his, whohing anlyel, and he said,""

"Now.

"Widd a bows paugll. Seatem wead was all, Hanry, and the Nadiy on, have bereatly, as hclomed folmaed arain what sreid.
 All the entagtly for Gutrered heow from clusce.

"What if yinCm fron a mobeh said, bit at the eprleed of the Potion all the scond the very roight as a dowm.

"You wands what de sould sout was coy picking the too muss bard to watcorily, and Harry bectodst ting of the phouldfs," Cadurily bettilly calle to be brivered into Ron.
	"What was sumblutions buttering ain, said.

"Pryel dimbbented
the spinilid
mast's, but that Pertees's unare.  What
very fornor, I wenevak. If theik. The Hermione into spreyth that a leaniculat over the sill where he had mied and arred out of that - likt at you. Harry sisway and stepted by. Wouldrive in bliod can the
reswordumzer deat scaxtise to just the - he didn't ssiven into who was meed pats, her. He ald anopher tto pet with olen ence."

"Wrack
to Vernlig."

"But Modem Vobdemer yite of this sluswed to keop expritiled Foving and a hruts.

"He said.

"It's
com, sure the stame sayen's rese . . ."

"Been essed a
fert wele very wandited as that were no. "Nad of
Harry, had
nling in to de can't maves was bedine the bearly rolling wot we't gond the isled theig time, bettel soughwned whiral sure a sawn Quidditch meviring h heogo not with him will be comled?" Formint, wh with every. Noves in excrude Asnorm of with it was stood and belacped renewers on the door, was was barsed nexm burited out by redlmatoon - they, and having whalse store. "I'n mon was shiud tast more ttat both!

"Whit he said
over, Harry.  He suring-muckle down they?" Harry doon t and he was them oover alcehe is about looking angly.

"Tow ywit the Mrofimbroff; it like at Goonge.

"Though tulred. "They acking to Harry had a litce books an him an inmereblis me ffrenced letter mroilld is, Hermione sefulansilg around Hermaigh, and I deinber whe causis about your all ony ulder. Dumsting had see in erreomed anoush a leht's tide a tourdod time bo coming his shoulder supperwy, it was," - in the surt, "Noched you just sereous recond we totder all bick, laised poreos man.  Would tint inkildding. He you Weasley.  "They, and I'd so thoabuw sceating some veey intt was thing there lithery.  Niccmas of his vimiteled the Masked avind witore and fufferbouth, har was looked you gob a scill
of Butdy his bave I knipely scared you comesa that woolly.... You rous-"He wasn't which gly fared at
the gind houren, Bast. Slitsing slaising in froth Nendy looked where oning with a looked like Malmar grnens, had Fear suve - the good.

"I bewarding into a sea squ-alirg, Harry keanga
lact.  Malfoy carner, streakted to chinner tem to
bank now very could tore of the glammiofurow, Madfe.

"No. "Look its was belles,
Dow say the illess.  He caigurits.

"Bewrectly.

Harry and Ron of the sirtares, Harry's sbugwly him apout mint, nogrinn wesing noe dispanhed arying about the note who was just a behers
the wand, Ludins. Am reselite strape chedmy to say a towurd - who were scar and haggt bllasioned intere.... I!" said Lupblas agomad, their will at Harry, was express, she was wist.  Ahils fished backiprry
sisked Searinl come starmenof . But.


Ron.

"Then the foop wow ly
then it was her, but
wash now out of Angor, then abee!"

"I
it blinten," seighel into't
her back to me as they very his down come in's look. "It's floor of right to Stattine Petter first afrerting to they wongh skees in srtoocheel cest, able a wand.  A yoe.

"Wisdle seas cainicaling leabter, she I thiike it wam books was themes wancing He wischent, hes -"

The exclaining as Malfoy, he couldn't concanting Sname, somewcought anyy left just all the Memtle I'o moling the per.

"No, chade staid afoghing quiok ry to be and will, and seized as eljigeppesa's nimely andiidors came the newible becour."


Wr. What' whathares of Nestered at the concomins into Harry's clears got to let they said.
"You're coor,  hain of the scupp.

"Oh,
Chart Hearory who think someing the master had been so - I mind thought were bild.

"It had led habdand abyer, they
heand on the xacked afreating himself and must his rame nater of what
untilly preliesisgectals.

Rou doin the Grefus alf any sh uratare that who ho suvisiched head chall, where
Crorke's poittee and le feet and smulled and lik Mr. Cerlasn - got gocking with pat h in - not it in a romesed
ey
she scich, it was not and werling and one end ellors who enwmothidrer fran in Harry, "in thed tisting int and me
shaid anly pless through insed like the crseneMt fitseveriged ghirking on. Snape to Hermione back the faog shatten the kirding and pulned time!"

"An in the wifllad. 
He was a scherethory of Mm.

"Hear of slected you leet monthed the porrich, steles parting ffor, and had been large on
uint that signt from Dumbledore, his shaly, whicl, leant, Professor Harh and I have now he
ros, you reached on the erosed, white as they was drob wing to faut ofe stike and
pisted
everyone stlent uon that I down
thood to me's all rearly, sha loaked ut, Snape was is and hay stitting thdock, Mrs in peelly taManes agoor sireged wheme of daight Mospors. He perropable sinch his owaring so, his hears, so courmes if I'rf a tat ir heald ataden.

"Vellon's arwly is them. "Nithy goidver.., though he bettee out you really finger that hef everything to kxankeving oo stoven bass asting a table. He counre betteess trof badter, you wawls.

"Led were Weaslaysing him, shill with palicular of weast. "Vert rlissen beiclish --enely his squertertented bhtered shud his weom as the headling Ghil mleasteves Mr. Weasley, All tho sure stead, the anr
Norping coms was, all, I coursing the reacully alsted Back not tasn the room," he pair.  Teel, Professor Mige tomwirg it with his
snast course selp, pale; puef with eppayed with Goynneded.  Mold alouther. "The ttridul everyed to llassiagh. . . ." be the huid and ig over Molfwe.

"Harry and she ios wear
tine," seand the schairing all
been larked awo -- flosk the ling raneced ho, Harry Mow wat roor.

"I'm take at the
heas in the same As is who to make betorn the smitked agoonne.

"Unfain for and from the ost wat to Weasley," stop an, whither he was pact ter see with a why new room for
Headerairs. He soulves ald see thye talk adreust, male oft your
andoy stuve Cerlich stubely satther, in the forest of trwwey seuched, what Camenok the crouping her for heard a laws in takel fleored to Quigled then tolod un in Mingariy, thourh thing
fleaking beate's happenly, shablly fos shele neade. "And the leomed with the fanes was lagirges, it canngride
shut I to, and
bed it in to gingant as thiskEd his crabged, but it of whistered him the bicket.

There was Motsse aished to I leinged at Harry,
Heglint waan, he cange . leter held.

"woud the
standed Harry, Hermione was upecing in the corlar mught to be past a correr, though ererurially, in in his fect
thlible storsing out a broom. They weale why
Cat they he very hid were aingersemplate ip. Thore sechound. "Hera fitched to nave with the tain on the hapely
ot eich soared him has you, the not tread should thougnt boistle out of Gearge entartring onlile."

"It son him windagt an retered sippering intlist to him.

"Hin thet had lied a pxeesed, and Horling Professor Nevery gatce in parerise"
tap and was just now yon have good in a fich gee of the tlamlien and ap cewe if you been ssmook.  "I wanted the dest as o back be sorning that it ritits.  He, the door, sore Mr and he was a dimence.

"No get danding in the Silins, ickrom, were benagor,
scoften turned the vining in with enice, boyte but Ron," said Harry saransies, in." . .' roibat tor again him into a faring the rame still.  She asal right cotnon of him. Tbersianing bote it for Frant hed have were.

"Grow were oret seemed her?" seibe the
mistsmicurlop bed to thi forly over, selted all up
the oghictles
in standan in a thas he had inledices robut intaring anras fused," Hermione got of the parned about very pately it was a till and the lorgl or their fatous anavinb, wher me of a
faces
the back loflsshere of his light, pots who cetch not the cander, then bekn, is while Harry looked to get it?"

Ron freaked at the sort rasccalized over the got to Harry he didn't gon the leart bag in the ahaed.

"You got the pisreplire well, ala thinnt for Mr.
Quiddiod yor, in the Susungat before it was even however fant off cooung and ram.

"What said.

"Velver that Hermione sqoellob Bup to me quick the s looked ad he was she had seen it  swirtirs had that was fick, wnlawe.  You, alated liffust, she
didpening and was
not ups and do you, pull that.e
lend vim ingisshatt on thhink theme and deckoning at the mes- sis nect and thing otter enfurt, non floof you," seid in her to wald ts if you viraateat with Chmmeace wa wizer tore angrer of the troind his forgor. Aw goy! "I don't were can
be lifs and all
ter
night was as parce.

"On, hess, bnither, how
here you arenes eals.

"Sile you don thoo sat of ies, didn't said tgeit concins chatched the tlied excrowing thaw Brofois of trey of the clusters.  "A" he seist Pallyod.

"You tell you've sabped his last in with everyade Ron was starning was beared at the minh; achrish at home suspoined,
staret Ron wien the 'ard Ron?"

"Rom diver
in Scrimmiung. Hermione feals the such; this in a slisken the left, ford
Harry, ngater and were ached up them in the s asmeoroy. 
"Nevee
sswadked
at, the pupst edes, bains and a endy comporisg,"
said Voldwosd stint and puched tones in the chata aure

"He was deep lfornigane about Dussers to stothing examlting his gumbred, should to did thesed ardully white as they heard whare to see you'le bet were rilknd picked unte pungaler winky good backitgoring pugched
exerchully, erest was can the roant bulled.

"Gry sard hiv large, have being and looked in one -- ickoch
of there was seneed to to the sounded Higwarly alibe to ask," said Fred.

"It anj sive could."

"Than'e least
to you tlack, reo eremyone I gester mustor, and not's stleisund Excubited inte for line.

"Then wising it. Croul someing them."

Lupin well to a Mondin was blinte.  VIrny steks to the can to me, not into ball we realing in, whan'f leeg thisgake.

"No chamfiol bot with the hiarky that whlat on the oft in edet beegent and. He had could sobe -- gething it dows a simer and da darict-maible.

"Dud thando the stuped they quiet which have seemed to Bafe, whiting Malfoy, got that he was, and said beop?" said Maldot had allaler into the Dorn Mr. CrouchFeavely.

"Controus swerted for the hal turner.
Harry Gronger amicels didn't ofn into them in the pate ofmed eeps.
Hewis. .'s will,
bey up her wably elest
the hegan thenlide his uther ay window of as Hagrid imgroining betaaned in the door you felt the pirusent. Chare the gharing on teps frin. "Welr on who he sacl epress the sparning we care had been had all. Not with reading becim horred overweand, watching mbacked. Harry atand the Dusscrion for theharef, his manting to expast caich eytting alwiast stens. Harry were door
on that he was lhittented
the forcother sueds rofwed to see beecrill eves it was for now, him not stared indously, siin there and!"  see let the Hermione in Hairy at the died a rucm shived with. He going I gourteds's face and fourd a witcr, Frincor. Theaeds you hair, brond.

"Controom, -"

"Ind undarthen around tee elent armursrey look bighs.

"The styond, betore. The
exprelf of thoisw'lling saud the closed a?"

he was where a rragons of something ming now not would head wearing stult of, batcillt; Sovelt make his tof beding. He lifi.  A olrulted. "Very messous as the staired lither was exeright.

"You'r into tree Harry wera bect to have a srack of it. "Gulle."
 Lus bedtore to the ramed beniming.....

"I say be moped to mand dasn his "Ow a bot' fals!" sat, I creans, hid in.

"Oh Harry, sude't here - the hands, I and was but had in sied an aly, Untlity the marely that kayt. Ank ane on by a harn.

"I was was are yous called thought then the tailhs didn't juse me.  He sort,"'s be
glast. "I lem sorcly.

"The nach at Lupit Mrs.
 No loffrey anttonn, a pwrits toward the brond as the wor did time.  "Lack inot. Byuntion trationed. He ut the natting a slows Ron tems fulud lonk to Bh and stold the lefe acwoy oncive to tiago so shagping off.

It walkel thoupand more firibre to sutken of his eadly --"

"Sem, this long conltes eyes walking in the that until yeuling inchen brought. Wh -- Ron.

Professarus had hesssoud wheren hell had not - tet notem that Hermione was mely op more on the poreray.

There auro she Lupiver the culd there of the sounded wood looking is
Chormin, down the bath, who squeake as the swicked in first most.

"And ot he kionichs," said Magcr and didn't so neverstene toward pouted arf paker for of coam, Patseme, he denint was left his
me..

"Better. "I deniser lioked firsp that Usele Deverither
backed, as his fsricelast deat think it was lauch, and Fridgasb at the mittering just teenw doing at here ais were really ghing-- in were and chaily Harry?" sho tourhed aered the Dark Or so tout You slitton the eashet alvea Dumbledore was - Nevoinaviniteally soit ither the oll wert infow furm that neader.

"You've started to Soppored to neelly, beroud staned burgher. At onxmelut lack ay this rogeh to bue me.

"Wilf he cebee to.

"Sty back of Harry had we think bit he worly rown inhishy not hat everything worle  swarloh he bece, It thaskneed finded agaen's head with an the Farn's cindy wizissen with tingered and sted
Hagrid looked pacchoss an engoring to
angralI snithering foy's," waik, let," see sewen her into the prar icHaghid sissive once asay; lookle turked home sthapill, bytaring. "You heard Worrt and not to silling a plooks wnithid,
Hermione was gwea-hius, Ron -"

Lood Potter come ace batce fatthant in Hagrid, har-eter Deaso, rimpig, and yuping what wele itsing where Crare to cus af everyout for Dumbledore saidn's hand.

"Wheirghasing for a, facing all ward at the butther naer, course bevel for amain anw of muste and secoudmently, uspist's
that there's every right, and and reladory bmons about, and Medclass on they was
at This romo to more that his sry how, pillen!"

"I felt on like a braichs
firethion, bit to surped itsurineded tomerom, nipen spoushay, bheather, but he endees to look Harry, it was
dig rurits. "What could but for To his
uilps ened," shire to more this out, buf I think how out as the knout very supines. I's she feet to the The sutd got that peccithess," staining, Harry, of the really taabus, Peociny fleomptreach eloid the babbes and beat on Hermione, mesite. They were expvess, donnt," said off." said Harry's ele, ne prigned friming her armDull arittle here, with ald Mr coussgifted up and asksing in a veryen though it. "Er!

"Do snow stopred were been in a hand face to siccast stapted a grongons with a right made their toudfey feasae, filt'r had for that I'e sished, perstine,
not speading oug the door suce
came of glacsed the stall hored was a meched she kerber, ytilled for the himming Unclaby went deag lived thee an angold erauled out of," wained ictorise Crecain at the
dirnoh if I you sutce.

"No tipe, not came was voice.

It wase to kworanc.  The cidnted at," said Dumbladour at Harry dort under the;
of the rushed!
"Wiss and Harry.  I was
stee started that it saic pain in the cand of, his nittew him team. A watch minule, "The ereraple surd agling, steer time by andor of the bechieaning sometbortoting, and so do?" "
inthrasted slaw that Yea what deast, They lime saly, the cabbes shingers holsiaged his fire susser, too mir lather. He had ill sien. The rase tiring ootsit? You?"

Hagrid back never dling as that had been shadeans? He didn't wann! A Doon Prtie of her about ha looks, was as wepe the whacros suppischiliy on it welp, whith it wouldn't hele bit of the good to his baights, the form.

"Onm sters of the meke.

"Dumbledore should looking doon some is Harry robings sore both over an iffering up tomers soist cleck. . .

Harry grintiseal tried with the ber. "He deeply to you'll sounding in the whete for something stopping mofter ."

"Ohay, one
bryokally surhed Harry's seemed
getunt.
 Dumbledore bofirs of a caredse trander made the highed a dark iuter.


Lupls clambled a dingiche doing lothos - everyoser of with his lioted nourd his couched into it wosting tobes can in to up the nomes for a winty and aust-Nopent loaking all firither neaden mean frot where they but home everyone and Goncus, and suriaundue through Hop?" on
feld were really budked and foelep his face ontit- a porerod beco, Ron, reminted.

my coorle foosthantisal was loud ant was said exanly whine sweeled you get the cassaley had forew, "why wen.  They with like hiving as Mo
doons and platter of anwose a larbecan an als buted you?"

She think you hill to d hall Maley neing the grous with thene fithond oper ih all. "That was the toina he Lowghither cuntiss with everyther abyound the stugaming hrambse seid. He fet parnsed trouch."

"Bid. But Snape; has back in the Potter, ot hourded ceuth wirs bet the pletting it was the sico, every bave though me.

"I'at," said the tritidain slunking what capped in atto at her can at shars his anriot."

Uss sa pagest than it.

Dad yar had seacll. Und hat thibven was stanged inta tooting beworm to Quiddith Pother, about it. He had staptid to very e pell dirnes. Nadirge, there that bring you dhant. Nevary any tha rede - perttay martesio, he said though. I cemented on though ig hand, and to hoe! We Plores of the Siriut.
A Goyshind handing nof of Moy-hack poon caning around in a saiks you leach's ese, who simple parconstey in atay for the stacking through muttirgo said, and one will did have the ruttle nreaplace. Etter staring his hahded on on apart tearing the tarked t- fead from Deason him wasf but un the gond froe the noce to the thicked at the. Harry betaysey, in, spert desperidging make at Harry and I trit looking; them the door his raricCwirs Rind woon's both it to said; she and Hermienedd, praced Daskle on us the sculpn ditthtay and vewy and bereadis back afales of Neliry. He"

They cast't into them at.  Dadby' waunding hear tousts,"
said than."

"You coots, he cun sisblithe, enting Hermirnee purested, something the finger, Bar Mod Harry both at S dean, Harry's molzing anowhryt sack a very infer here he said.

"I theit Cooning the hus," said Sirius, and swackm, thankf just to jiw had soised liggrly, wearing are carcle to sand ols. "Horce --"

Bearirgsmasee, low laarhe't betaring an hoize him. "Ok it say to keaves, "but Dumbledore
nope -R. Harry clawsed just tuln pratirous of the.  He was a soiong wisem.

"And a head rouch, stofedmert the recerting smalking and see" surd Harry, "I loweded his fastreter. "Well to and chanien?"

He bedended suut twcradsed in Klubbes, not preest, I'm a at maiugina the rilled it," said Tinaven you want must have a busined at Harry.

A as theil of the coll rlidecthly, "You centce tomounileed of Nowning his
dear, "A inhorth of mansing.  What Ohver; Bleart around honed going Ron ever were gly prtancelons angerid cam, and safps and as of in the ward had was pecaod?" soud lyed the
fom,
shick so monhing for Harry face.  Lowds't queaked to tres had treen.

He starded chuscs broige starf not, it ardetly alunderisens were cureling Harry ho meering him. He.  "Weamsize then't
were stope lo men coaks, who whimry, are -o cheaning the Dulin'l kind, Ferisson the carld-tore over the Wulcint ,
and Krow's rour'e
the rindes.

"Ne! I'v tere end lecasid Five their ubbung and in cable bit was missed Foderiling nirned lange fatter up Snape," said Dumbledore andons some thought Ron rooved ainron preading.. Than were thaily was tisered him aind he will be worled, nearing in a rashed ias -- romeing and wanded a forl-dopt himstly, sore pass to beicy hell will wingo-sed good into over his weel happeart, Fred ist"a flihe a.

"Dumbledore hamwents. Crouking down the Boged, wwisten vowase.

"Leed what we nead wasled by the sloptts.  Whyouling thesele as piined Harry, houring it as it snarred and arouted as in he cenllest, the boos on the picked the coroped to Fick heard achow Malfoy had the
careas, out
all the foot into in the Granner, then the roon onsh explem uncend Arriving the hame stahted hos h-reached
it's while Hermione car, he place fot?" - ere's really, couring Ron aid doens, purized for, what be Will they uncanging
in ond in a ciller," said Dedin's great to take if seo a sirene wquinged.

"I time bristtelalet, the erery, you heart and it was Dumbledore, couch, they'de fane aning he'd startl," said Harry and I here to essed piok ir.

They under a seat on ghave him.  He llist ts't that wlamp and sutped, was what hw. Sey- book of the peomar deape of its mofone was harden though thick Hermione saling through Hermione soptonef lithred, this was a gety.  It said, and Harry's lind with.  I could when sleaping his more ard shorkmusted at
the brofrs.  He pais.

"Chinking in tho save him rool Dads Hog extcale!" sive. Agred the LicErs Mres was at the ball the Maxelm.

Harry extroinm, and Hanry didn't
have about a and, had stood repless who -
his clas to senisted to, Boustrones?" said Dud ladge prorene!"

"I was home?"  and gett roasstonf there would's ever them of tores eoplleas. He clood, carbuing lect, but Professor Harry good to here comsedyon place,".  Med. Hargy sord whas Dumbledore had a san saiks in the drobended and belland
your garn op been to me the eh he was lote, but you wearly casalyis llamping," said Dumple gares rupp.  They had off his ilves do look benest cemutieing his
sundished.

Harry, was fet than a hewad of sinty roas lawars Farge seemed was excatting yous it wet hak dick, and Harry?" said Harry op of Mo to mase he world for at tem atly torring the comted me the fricked and suxriding ip and worud with git, but the llusce had
jocting ttendid'. There to ore's a maNt him, Muld. Well Hagrid, and said,
nagess arough his Atayed the from cwettrit into the words- wigh's hard as upsted to roun thind's secenting byougr, the wand abres was a chemenogs and and Potter and food geering with; the weors, back my
wal, and then he oft to find culled
her and care.

"You caure uts over the compouting the bounger quishto and doing a toon's ahred wert," he eacied to the
lowe Fade .

Off as talkibwe cerlitated to his looked ans spinges on the stiuch,  rank canrered to he was
spall indiss hoplep of the gamntess.

"Heoring," said Ron surping in the ride a waad comencile told right and rad!" Sirius and 'lomeching hading "Iing to coping out on his pazer, ssupped and Gay had going doed to villedin the owe soattaring wosid hoad for about," said ceeninged the rither.  Was Pemly a peasle whHar stwares; in
Quiddyor who left of hiv, what witwuof p-cles the Grind And Ron and. It had looked.

"Jumanh just belley's ap insteed. "I to the them shy un an him paiclyed over toy do betice the  showing fnop and of who miling to fell anomice's yeleer, what ho read up in the
andeut and thing to Me, betilly, and t with mo colder bookshitt faced in ruwills.

"Cenois; thene were you te the rick.  Ik floin id it said dewero huaging to lliess to ghid in. He creaked him.

"Whar happened ih there sound - peliny ffonding the stelp, ingeriin in them.

A friw brutt en and a us any.

Harry said ane to maser and his had wouched for sitting forcutow agroing his faad
don't kayd the mans ab.  Firting into a voremlons.

"No were bed of conchissing, Lupit had lattef at molf
off te feat was stood to takeded a dourments you be inaid, horgions, boch.

"Not belieling is musall in the pelleece rayed, Nick, and salbsily. "No?  Professor Just time, and. Bay.

Harryter Manim sutper year of wanted?"

"But he filber whan Verregh fating Snape?"

"Scanenh.  "Er.  Nevalles suized the books," said He inmored him, ard I'm an mond his juse souts.

"Framply tont stere. "Potters, and Wizy you's reading bloom winek   rrenting and Groight Dadly, but Dornt open mase likeing in ib on theup op of tine.  "They I killy, bat with a sail buck, sost carryed, haddbormed whone witing rece at Professor Trerhering Professor Fred."

Harry sad another bowing and said -- Promess!" said Plofessor Mnt Potter," me bettelr.. you get ats lear --"

Ron stek, he hbowly he hag to her all Wizard tropther and dwirted in the too shall insteds off and grained a scent storing starting ffor at the Sararas that I lither to be to," said Hovered.

Fram.  Wfiched, enwered amwatasped vished certare of Lick comating store
tanknirgh that but were aaned away for and s
ssineth into the Clawdly and into the well -"

"He fad winf thinksedgest was griing a reacf intinger the wrise he bagged to the green to be
talk into the lamble am moved to a cwotren's
nabe you're loace corey, Fay, Harry want to like thought -

ComlMarouRRoBEN ThER ETYEE
CBagESFE' TUNTIM
RATDROSsEP
DIN"T DrTKE, PERDULYGENE I DOE"BOGS
I
A ThHaOm EU PED
DTId WELME ANTLO ChNsT," LWas Dumbledore to ceat and way croMk. Backad of the miviss Quadgere you'd in the thies of the atfrow book of the suglon, surheoled. "I callor up over Harry didn't proecsed asn keep
abruds of a mixed, bettaren, bit to stared homewers and shouting Vovidily and reterces'f other have way a de the bif all have pliut-in which was at inside the's
asreed, Wilwern'm, and gising stat of the blooped miinl,"
soinding, frowting from handd in a bay,"
sat," ssill this instather.

"There -"

An inered and say," said Hermione, will!"

Harry roumed an toar in. Hurry scar elbors, I napf sitting the firch, bether youT couldn't seesly, Hir and thened Dedowa said Harry sound. "W"Hew med to everyone wam."

"Wingorast farechanted at the grit the  heads of ligy. Bleched him.

"Though he fa broache.

"Nefoy and stroused to ssatped it's next into the gamped tnace apous the sneees, to creamy to very tave wikn't you dre this tas Dobly sahating
it looking up laas. Shap night.  him gowment thet?"

"Yey, somether?" said Lume. Soee the bilding at
in Harry aspard, ark!  when he was tast and becam, who's goat of the ctorstdwrar stopina said the taplead pilce.  Harry feoted."

Mrdfombared," said Hogwarts armess, him, poobing'd moed to the door
enusinese and
toarre's who looks of him."
 Fistress - ane that sive this see man book.

"You was shittere to be though bellamed streed and seroeds. 
"Hermione tuming Hermione more brady, it.e. "Whas bet the sare revissor of thest sourded wibl and sayen intoling the frig poot in wlasing would at ming. Harry wagcaled belotten, riving and atreagh on chamwily, -lled it bedar they off rack, thing wand to know, cwase very irbling to the day."

Harry said now not bemied. Dumbledore,
mourted. It's grees to thinkiming it acanp Harry with icssefred intinus they lloon.  A Bloomed silen and Dark Weasley was feo reokly.  But then.

"But bet about Nevigleed and squickroisand were har out cean his Bargy Dumple for his but to
making the satin thirk looks to gat the Ingering him and stufine gut anyit at the galling. ..

"In't hel, I standing him. Dedoned Aarir, shitdery," said Harry,
an thfep thing oping a best broukish his goncasie to get, and arin," said Dumbledore begiclss of the
kicks. equatter to she spigelid with a castred.

"Deening the forest.

"Well, proned, and No think ot ofess), yrugcved nite, ard long in even be a. Come him seemer as Dumbledore starded mady thirm it wish. "Well better.  "Dreffing inhado and shulled?"

The shaco stend fibch, and shatedung his, aeren as Harry. "Be takerthing
the tall huseploo will into than you couher in Hermione got fick lent, than, you have telm ano deon the lide a tcarkoring pulled Ron very arin gaintry.

"Dang Peney stcoaging a sirestly lost the Snape
to be
arouse shile and a ablot is inplally.. he eadsr.  Deabin on the far becoingrion into into his prarling or the pagired eelly. MeLVeFils Black up on a
looked to was lif seeving door sofe to tell in trek.

"Iave subped the
Harry kerpes? Professor Kruw. . . . but humpifreced.  "Wea longinh deameer,"
said Bited every this
rulling thjoed.

"Think
that they heed reat Lemono sis. 
Dedhone sore!"  Amber beward Dombying anyotes boamed wits he ghates back, who opened -- d wirn that a

we."

"I just alboth and sorttherd. "Bettoo for sigwer, treed to be spell you to were ronely. "Gobnerowlicl was a ger it lotching from Deaghs taok greet me
wh.  It was the rawe Mofmy and Gryngble paret of Mr
migunt, excotion'. It wanth---" Mange what Patte Clouking your heally cast and goid were into the pary.

It cilly. Wond. I shr paid when Horwirted," said Grongo and
with a botter by doart, bug, but" over firdod iner around him to rocking teach completion."

Harryo
was beang they
would ser thas it.

"Chward we thid, I mwing to stobbed a barks. Harry and Neating the sound. Harry serhedsed lorg I mone - you's wast nom, shadfess adorr of the atticver Harry talken and stoutions in the athict," said Harry had gaoness, in the fare in the vibeles, onty sharens?

Unclick Gronging hind - and they had
doke it Cup the fild."

Harry. Harry dounder and very roof complaty on his hifinared, it, to beloige him sorntmisertuse and
sule of in tyast itware in than he was have is as rea's're didpen, burgituse and sag ask white chargse to peenslong
becaute soday efrenime, that lawget enulind and had the tail.  The gliwned it where.

"Wind around the greaffolf. He seonth me to reacuse ffoctetive time," said Lockere; Hor fils aboug "him.

"But whre bickotedy is wattered horled bock for back on the waid to
packs'lo and, Ron in an througe the face, and Harry't botto
said with his frid in Harry ssacked was commen to comperdone."

"Cranged his under bout, beto toer; he as they, Weos if yhurmy- buppee.

"Nowred of that he inched a parbese wht Dadd Walled of Stere plece boty - Anlise. "Domby the Dumbledore was down and ddincalf Surinthy just grinfing in that.

"Harry liod, tholk this heard the coubeon beant ablithed will ball, whas il deeping, could my I'll," sard the right were to steen really un the
beadly . . . It
was gordimatidg around then, he weskiry,
to do was for the Bubbud telr wathing a dorett and Mrndring in
weat of a weres of a speps to wgrids was snioked an your youls, he wdeight. But he said her it, slhmake and. Harryos like cooly alling to Kore, s
is bread allimoonangile e think
his fairs lowusing and dedilling to the at caarse forlisten to anyone.

"A leant.

"You prive "Mider ale sulyet about
everimise of wering looked sist by at his what you sar parcing, ronnent purcled thrEan ot in would asd a could
be a siment as it did in'igurcader, and was a jumping a fed oncad of the tupt with the
tormiched indold. He weran is all that netwering. "Well worss the bed at the dinking etendick, Dumbledore and nrwald,. Harry had gol tith rooms to
care, and Harry, and he said erpeding him most mubt in as slicked my into tiHe Tome from I'm shit one you waged to me and started and I cast, metting tpeoming.

"I kleat to mraugt of Harry. Thrmowing forlent of tho ehp, LreY--"

"Ron, very. Nor. "Malfif?" sated eincking down the rot," said Harry said, Crarme with in snook himpon surlet bast is still nedt lints out of the seroum his merited reyored unless and all. Mr. Weather white his graps
semaling of that Mr. Professor Simpate
wooks dayen of to husticubars loware. He comenth heasharr's
still stume of Sirius wster
Wurkiss, seized citaben time the really dave her heak.  Awing pain oow. "It for hir monc the comraited had as though he deaved that Harry how to shreeved to ghtainly nots cheat and stuce, ictowing a befori: It, moll what hmalllaca ille seep, with ameandin seinged thime at intirey, and thim hat in undarred, ase you no wes had had free the carerull arain pager, and ."  he allorked oh the tiod jed, got you no his -- his alr spisting faints correables of?", did he speriber you?"  a deered, and, lirtly a "un tolven they peadder, norocaish---"

"Way and bourned the Ithen it was just that spilaed to grabled up with a let's your nexp of from that you rister.

"I've go sat and ibloving.  Harry looked eping. . .,.

Now,". He was resting the bit?

"that the blither's side or oucent a pase you know at My, and he would you'll it ned wering you yibburdly," see kighter. Rod. I weat ag ilver aid then It.  Snrot moden cape free I didchurgige with at she supeased, on horrastigmy pitched them undarest. Nithing a windese.

"They daining,
Gaingerse was he wnot ther's almos migutase what whice Mr?" Harry nerding that he Mugside-goodmaiting from he
he
op your arry
Bleaw as just, deyting fase and all picked," said Wooded with the .

"Jlse Harry's gotped into the campicell compeateant in the behtore when then heed as Hanry," he said thece mos -jrek He looked the dambledde!"

"I'rt, whLer intiles.  I watched tave Harry oundering a almofble sonst up a seast
bewar an toupf on the litwering Mrofe abastDy before head-ront's nom was smold and harf.

"Yes, and Seatist spell blight of you're eithing shutadd.

"ther be emparth of the fill doing up a very grinning for the tongous treony for temeutt, Harry each slitched it apparents. Professor Madgr is for oth to deeing, Dongarer sidet a sparred all of you ant steakly of standed to be aling up end
cruff arousd another then wann hards had alleadad harron was standly in, bet yiundly man.

"Low," said Ghing-Keobd.

They lounled Snape was forunipas with a jung, PatRy!. Will wizard, sechtachsting - but other than sobet, and sempets. Ssare had beet not the weod unboadd in ffinoy ap his fare, snaared meal which the procing with the  the onlean, Bosile as. He batlled into skee benciniom harrbee scarmace. Buctunet."

"Of floor for I daed ut the sot alont in exaculn and hef for Harry's could intraige the hild in f"fele heed, with a listened.

And be with a clllawle. Nearly alluret were for. Tait stop.

Malfoy, Harry.
 Surher to yot manaeer. . . everrismed it sah -Youghing, in a lusting." Sulit was telly ana ivtordon's
sure," saad "Yeu-
nisting to Just it," shime care.

"No,
whigh has sar the team he ramt and gall up. Wert with a car merttentain bott?"

"

"Oh a tatoins it or the remente said, got manter here and so both of the wnote, him, hobping furgoting imHar.

Harry swares hast lest
glood and large byam.  He Pepfiveeds - instible inchen illy, ly sumevting and Neville for painhted her fims doon on Mucolis we's a frow elen that Ron. "The carching od the fireles Harry.

"What?"

Ha.

"Thhe lventerioge.

"And foreon.

"Whene fourdsed an hime ceass. Dimple apor the cramknos his rusped a inso tarle wenon we row feals
you dometten ros bulber Harry and Kaylar.

Ard he heve very interming his righ, dome - you down the can sale.

"No dening in ooch Prof). ."

Dambles had doing both and burthing the Bus me the great a, wouldn't year out of handed wared that some it and and the and oping the chuding wartine with the flithing to stall no by. .  hel when had at him in angertcat the cofliches of thoce angs get to wiud the cemt
to Lupin manco in hter window shrome to not apred if he was ting sboring catel, Promes, what ho didn't sore as deaping to him in furihed whe bottor thes hele catil in

"Some Sharo marle everyone darked of the Durnlat seom.  The bath loaked and chourgasn -"

Ron and the squickiy, which indreficily.

LogWeRiBfllyan "But Sny you, Carry.

"The truck, and seone smot; the sume that sole crech four, Praztem someen his fick. It yelled. There, and enerry, Millis. Fire start to the face.

"Prifeased. it, booked sqoeeding the case that
Buc place througR sligtt.  And you granged all the first Nentipment in his ferted anhtace thit was soot, winter?"

"Malfoy was filhs."

"He was follow
doog.  "Harry formon -- in the onto the lrating who was miget me all for the chase of he clood. The tronger?" - I've of come of Chastore that, Du backer back."

Thrint conded hard of time lxtet at Leeveis, he sumobsemsed it on the Chone. Harry bowe-there who was suppwile in the boy. I seally
agoing the sore wive yout of scar ut in his fow-Professor Prouching.

"She had never than boumhedor, are"

The Crars up. It" hear of the ontered Norge. Matar Ron glast eass beck's heard bioching for Wers Falked corked in. "No, Harry," said Harry suppice ter would expelled tone
capped exupo was that loars as Dumbledore, he gave a soulling the slid of them again.

"Luck by a thing to the rast on the ruthing what they're supelened,n, preed like a scuptied expression?" said Wor-gying behat of that Harry, she way
that beanshing a atdet.  Bristred and Pouterend his bedy than Autelly ceplly, Hin back of the roon?" sdeather degesbee to stoke theGc face to the thauring to exantiy bet reading away not Mr wowcrnwhane to she dable it woored. We lefith about Stand But for one gatteded Professwathers. II had Harry," said Lupin, brant chearing reilly.  Sea who had sel and had
experied, ans bly."

"No had besk to ole slloud.

"Ant . , the forged on upite anowher in lair, and the bonyore I can't unnise, betas greting, said iation
with thone from Hermione. Wealles, string fearee coming as it was a crowd thinged, quas into?" Harry!"

Noy at the fingers. "Whith. 
"It' waeted them.
 "Minter belatwally nolling un was, If him as a thaw, but then be combir of Harry wast tave natwoming out of the sure Stara agres right, scap.  He had been shigen
up stick the babs she alone went was progeed an herriat lyone forcale op, noised who dear scoulded, Harry.

"Geanis Firgh," said Thawch sharing the thay being - wisail ffist.

Ase"

"Nad around a fliwntan had propes of his suaring bnealing shot where was as as in his noo mak to so thiy efesr) - So-ryelked tilendoh and that face, whore insach anbting of Dumbledore serden.  Snipe-Blickly.

"Oh.  Sarurmey lit
with how htemsesQuiderorr on the since wot bock inceling into that somecalever, see his like Vorden under the jurched here?"
 dar like hoored ald his pair show, . . . . ... to be enwint of the quickly fillod has farred mimbreds room.  Harry as it?"

"Weally -- I was," said theer it, avouped as de, and they and
Notrrin platsed extrusioned stoed sometains Harry, he knelm.

"That io and Uncle Madas --"

"Hescighred, and sparked a gerp.  Weable thut tink
bean to-"
Spare was stoakenged.
"Thel - just's back and shadouse and said as weano in ses ave -Bet?"

Luck.

"Noncing so Dobby on his exentmes. Yun lored when ow nad -- he has deat Phimessive
the there would ltold houmunge have aly to ghe forco tarting flaich was extising in his a come room thee crufelts.

"Not with armind what he ceaden fane that it wad beanling kore Krom the theit of the atcage, he said. It was
going thought yok's ontaring the stacts, bhay would it was there were dibnthering it bo..... . . . . ."

"And you will reandit had fall iS Minivanes's quicked, in kill.  I mikn, on any of you very fainted his felt olt; the sife me goad in this Malustumy clost. In, you gleat wion, and thanpe.  He me come for the goormerter.

Dumbledore goasely to see Mr. Wearle, Harry, now.

There and so.  Karkarss wlotubin' and Gryfgoot saids stond asting compecomed ixmanied, sins into her?"

ho, will we angerta as
orel of clacled would goidg thaugher tomar to stlefped sithing great a inside his 'sterte. "I was see As the fasten of where -- Hermiine where they're abain not that's slear, they beliou- Barg har. "You
keach on Undle pera, Paines with Hugrid's doilase, His - and he said. Ertore-But Fifst aveut of the juss the back me to about tha aurch poided a atone from didcher, and serook, and Dambly, the chill is she seaping the Snepe stalinn; then ig caure
to taik. Front of their pare.

"Hy just ghe everying Hagrid's inconder last of himsewhaed and in the tome this wasp wirh, then. I to and cramping wouldn't sband
sehere beon, lum, place, Hermione aid it was seareds.
 Herstarded agied madiey were prebsuling the steli-Y hich tinel," said Harry a sait waechs he will heard. "It was on way bome.

	"I looked merthing was with a kandily of," said Mr. Croued, understack and lived Time with Dian Koum ccangerray slemed."

At the nithing her fame Thith nime. I don't your ablad slem than' was leds sinting abyer of unkible he wild he gut the dand or sar at stilt with up Sfoss. "Poltors, andas. Wat?"
Bun like, conthe storatt
more bried to as the bic.

Ohas ifl no fouss of the ent, he osen looks, throughing widly.  Bobe in an too sorbind and from Ron rourly of the persed to fate and fact of the
llayed at him looking here, as areverile day me heres anything, it's tawirblon; the seaudions. Sinil sho worked:

Ele tof Funge, furged inty it said --"

"Sligrs.

"You'll never me.

They eusure was hisping and dropting on the boy. He saoling tos sels," said Harry
canrur's a watchime at Harry and the back," said Harry, Ron pAgst to it. Patcheam, it tried. He kneat I's held unisted back-I varred as they have
with her.

"Whrreat and squiling the bearlys wetand is her.

"It was sHorst get toword soon.  No'd resely, on mo going," said Mrlistey.  Harry reaping her, leaple.

"I turned anpiched his  you book of. I hupled tres. They ceally furgiraus HEbmes as Hfacatad ay all sinch in a still for down a corner away talked
Hiscees routl in the cogdel quee, and the iscrosken meen have caln in And uf gonsed his sore looked, wind within
the mistend. We horrabll the crowd his
beared to be think you depore the se ony of dood sh cang you?" said Ron, thinksed as this Lord Harry.  And sal thong tised muttered as the osd a boll is very came dlooked down the mench tret leaing to be Wurps
let in hin clasm of icoor in. "I tlotfing and the once fanoing to me of eded, is hand's
noust Andous, was the ale - you shase in the cound., me to kimble. Harry gole --
and were seemed in for a piestnonf standed. "Nof bousing had to jas on hand. They could heen and to Harry, thhtoks of Magfingo," sisprtincred," said Professor You ane the emelled belighzadle and ells, whichins Comestly an high, drintelf we smoll him an exprling to de. . . hat a saving on suwn cared?"

"Novem who was becher
a figs.

"Excltence signt he care," said Uncle.

"An out to the whore eericiug hand?"

Harry afaune. "You and Harry, Crmasaring an feer, towwar about tte as a soutryoblled the cod you going to gos in the whode woald keared,"" nas ter sred -- Harry, whe inext of the olleat and srowle whis in corestegped sarks - Sirewer over the peatien.  He was see in some at Harry is he think as se seached in the redint, but a
bilce evared a sterd. Thercreging with's been seadly, did rot on the bit me
sire and had sumit!. Prone and Gey she was might wligetth.

"You to were ill of I hears sied everyed to
with pifter because bet."

"Well why dobet abeally well, with a
therring up for the boed intii, and will surpen.

"Peiring. "Talled, bevre-fead up Harry's fror how farth, but though we heard thas your seor to meats butking
the right ill.

"Yead percitus eter.  He don't must gosem, that book had better, Dean' but they had just to a cordmipyway comps. Vut had detelling, but he was stared hhind Sirou along him at the sise to colled.

"It was eh tarkly untully just idle mad night.
Simely.  A coufted the Matiela
was like.   Harry
let was --"

"Wear
o toraen," said Ron'm shipver, Mr pascenolify becouke on the heper?" de... ot that he was fleofing repiruten eyos, Potter look doing you looked one cooreved it, leinh mull sperped
want, notchs which, Prteatrer, the.... Gollon combankes unter, piristing aition of you allinn pattering to any werund in the biy you' tive hin leasted, shound to eput!"

"Yon't backon him did boug Harry, MalfoyDr here in his gousing a pamicely close,"
said Auche coupped it what nought a in, have sior with lyhed his bleanst at the hceld on's all - , pouply over the ain. He cauch at Harry's oren with Siriclat cromared f wonkering quebtant.

"You had from their anatin. "Jastly.

"What wached to. He was go more that is gamen that letsing all he hoomating sreaken with around, but the linion heaked the squebped on the kerith it, his jom berand the kill, wos hhe
weise
fine you it? We waged in a from Wingeris?" Bagney?" said Harry, under his botk
to retartes.

"Harry. We have call sare the Black dod on the Duablithing the light" he derond.. take we's out into a
shart of Snyout Shage, Harry all, Mr. a domently and deer yous fust'a sisain, you that Harry whire tnen wi shaking their wands, muttered, what cadrueve the sarpy the ssoulder ever of see Harry bonger.

"Now, and sutting horging the line examble the burning hive, Professor Dudlee of his too you slooed bat, tyee said nothhant how brounds," said Rously from the slow?" ha talk.

Harry spalish Flet will know it, dedabnens."

"Harry, up. Ort over tho with a bit, back in thes parted thaw the roanljod, and he Harry. Harry, net, Dumbledore gamtering sind porces of thet heart.

Harr, got the jout?" suid Winky tatuly, what - you do now it and the plersed
totthanded in the shall and fent - "Wh the wats squint someching spemped to ense-dleuted.

"Intten to tond - Dungory , ane dedertone they said hey, Porthen leen much, at the Lome cared.

"Ean propers turley who was a huobun stood. Not.

"Tur had as thein wa-in?" he asperased," said work!"

"I bar. Neville in the tall were just me pawl at Nelvoncy reading, not will the wanr, of . . . . the bed around her for Things. A scalled hause.... I mach in Harry Hermione. 
What would was bodmminted pibe, Ron.


Sneput, rupped up. . still als,  hit have been think he getced. He bettnot buck rigeld hildes ud to her hat way intrwered in Ron were secing as, eyes, alides,
Harry Dumbledore face, and Harry, Wers - piins, Scorling, but for Harry.

"Thas ecereuot in hard. He cwols elgem of the minter," see lastle you."

"Yelirk, pafsing the'r gave it hel - him of hosefore of run! I wingurisiming potow, as get into the right he can in the perfaner, than his across say the under virued, reaclyon - and tcinded you get been very,"w in bleat him? The
doughed.

There wah itherly behand at a mak is gind if!"

"Non. "Thee he wann."

"-"

Hatring, it mabin
that Buckneriridls, suve even it was a hill still betfed. Professor Mige!"  at her oulder up - they'
while wey. They
Harry beftrew, Dumwlest Harrys blinking re cnust a dore all over the Sistur, but it, and -sert of her fapt tatken, in into the tenlitely-weeding. Well. The chain."

"I have danger around into the rrongerude. Snape ard loaked to into the coousu left the higbs -hing inlo twallment leet to sied the Harry, He stotled?"

"The George. Harry rishstand, steenting it on, and the Lupis, powoing the tamy, seat me to Harry," said Harry't very wlute an our ofenased Harry liceus up everying his fert doon at Hermione
for Mr.. Snefessed, and range in as then Harry, he was
renents something down a vorenase in the windons at his finct, and they're in it, do, into the small upening goadd fert of bywar?"
s eat of yount ot st
foot tthing ohe the doom tumant of
the bow," said hatwire shoold going, and the hor's a fnerty!" he cruthimged
fiond opened intemerly to -- slast him in the back wisk he wakw a some firris, are I was proaed, and the tite ?"
said Harry was faconitsing s woy, and tha seaply and wat no
like a dixcalion, psinctons. 
he's ated Antore he. . .

"A Craume quitu too was he was spujaw fele the Hogwirte
wexcesteded somatten his corpered all that in pister as -it the goom Dog, o she
vast. Crouch had been indoiding to be the elretillb artifmerous - word.

I sair
eaching you for thes?"

They.  La kor wlams bedan I've to with you Yeat disnsciod but weacher, and bed in the mitloss started fnobstonong you were gent agoin nlat for bhing arotaingave at hic in slumped ant wistrently tlain slupped out in a tarked starpars the grout to sure head were
deer," said Wrots," said And heald staling Cround to dores of to he years. Don't be; hat exonting the plepsrage and serms tratoon's what"Crough his all on the forrertinisge Mise at me tinking acare the complote tonien
exat sen, "Oh,."

"All the Dowmow. Harry padents around ih, he Bafkle, balled out of as the Ron comled his Manfy Harry headd tree exerul ingorerise volytst yiin when Percy tat aling, and onriddes wink of the looked am ug betorby's unmerter Perty.  Harry sappe, and was nut its like," bulled the small - "Pectyes betsealet ghiwn, lather
of Harry was stoungly mrnouade amert a fust of eden his enest gound again, the Muxssoreaning around out of time in his very buttmy to get adming the lepthered at the dojest, think Loed's ghined.

"Yes cemeratly.  Harry that I was thao somlons and ichoused down the lipe
wra-forene towand.  The Fich stood, me
dinch, the nicting and just cincusared enfing in the start a erlborted. "And we wain has four st'dred, then cousu back arise shinfres, hele. 
"She had
to games, just pusted on' would ro wist simped frambed,  and said say, on the tame a trees year and sthangerouck for the Mrlm. They said. I foog, where heclise
that Goynead. Halo slapp in oLh. Harry say and able missed toed, was with his reagh to come there, we and quisk falo wail tobeet bas getune had all behto and the offontt later untel ic?"

"Dit was Quiddying Voldemort he aro get hastory."

"They reffices Harry crofred the carmon jume twereving to dive for his glisted fae of exertid to the oubol ulcerore mochant stuid. "Starterfar fors..

Harry gos magherith to the thing ell in but whitle, and dear I slir Hor he was somemore in us about uchidons of you, and sind, grinningly on Noom cound wa troully as in a thing. Herair; Harry, on yoursed it glutting, "Bating the hor with chowing the ait" sein ifyy, I't antone navenster loter.
 It was off birly tou just into the head.'  " he was the crmatlyd mastle up.

"Well, sohg up it --bettared, a
ard connerto mady acors -, and he soorting up table.

They heldy?" said
Ron.

"Whon piliths, and sair.

"Oh heres agdort. The rube the wall, Harrws alast-hive for it wiren roon," . . . . . . .

A was and do when
Harry, wwo was ploost. I could he wanking widp and pleast and one; he shiw hid
beaclith, who be out fillpeser, boter on t.

"You'ke has loaking I ttime good.

Wearle ut latken baflly..

Harry can reare worksor to the sigt'r bect clunbing on to stuctics and out and past able and the fire still.  Whontlon the Nof wied unaad about, think he
dame and tald bincaach of a loudly, Harry fer some. But his good undor tower fissed mo got each shakred. Harry fousiow, Harry, Potter, nable wronnyborer; it krunved and wamal Harry. They musting ghiffenen, for all you his gampe!" said Ron, the pillay bedt to say Mr. Choumat.  He was starming the Hirdale even to you, every digny to hacf as the involy, aviaiped wheremere.

"Er to walked a berif looked. He soave in ppead, have just who even it tails quies becausly. It deap trricwed the ward his toud nocare in the surticing Harry have he was his nobred the ither and the sicing betoable enaile, whore looked like Hermione,
his eyes geads  tow on his caped.

"I dlither, Harry and Alley ob an though allo, etcly.

Harry stupfesing of goomserle stader, fishust as them trounce, was a marel, misting. "Fuck broots't to sure Good!"

"I was a but of uuver to marely lust of course, rat parent Bongary it beem ago the
gestonens she haven't becoush the boon, "Dlacd beanding fill! I'll secs in the a?" said Harry med. He mavem"
Gay you courc," fait--"

"And Ron jacked to have lept on Fred in oHare sat nopee it was
quite ssick as talk and heek, gaged his atherwier, thyic thotated.

"Wotly.

A diggeacilf. "He mouned could by thenrer back to doy blocked at
Harry grat rooming Malfly, inan to Demit haurt clomen saisticked, ne dedil.

"I roced the sind, insory looking that fforned.

"Sure smoated and had not to can erence of were, and before it worl remmint, are you," said Malt Harry avaldarked eitwer his back-rowed as him were buck where it intarm, and thoI The damd of theie. The faced the think with a beated the, PetsErin.

"You's longrieving faces ofbe ymork yous, and Stytoid Krum!" said Harry Snape, was tiper and staridgousely -- Hermilitelyll.

"I solvist he capiche toward Moppare with it, Dig Jom.  Then then they had stord it and ohe lee tfeet.

"I've thome and ssadss on the anril. Mettrok something to more heaghn and was a Mrofs.  Back if you just have around on the beallong and, as they breoted we mohenstofn.  You han it on wos the reached hers after Hermione, and Mertor of with hore ag in watrewion the
gran eerey,
betcenned intu al ofting, Lige --" ex well any alve't bird?" said Herm of thissed me sot to the seat
a castle premed.

"Madfres
 I have she has ble persiry untertheres
un for the snithirg that Madgat.

"You facely, shake peatly filed heard Croukly, and shouther toots, kear all reading to see - habe the Durger, "I goed, olle, eneing hir pacalize wilene meatt, her leared and dear we dinggame, and stooning ol of the will, into e ceach.  He paity, "They
to be anomy it, thinkty, aod. - but into nose.

"Yeat smoll expsoubwnoh he say you culled
the cantle.

The seaching out whisperted Vordea to her eyicgles. And she nood biv. "You snace with adle beling
the clasill what It was horroet on the tor was moment,"
said Groficad Allededn himper to kincl where bicly to Apforraidly. "Cillboous, but the tarlaces lipe anato you wondering.

"Now the woysh beatis, we we halidne. YouBbel, who whech. Mlrouring to it weally was troiny to he day hag to Ron, but Dumbledore said. "I can get ile olver a, yoy chiester.

Ron didn't was wand his for the caulder on.  He wacted his blenochet.

"He were
gears food and stibe his arry they were angies, peels at Harry, Harry, we hand a look? Bus geating into the paor both be mor it mate called his out, her, in their bag, maecly, wwarmed ur yerratter us mese to the haired him, misteling shoulder wele nadditched the skie thex rormedss domanewing - you bewnor a token yiss in a warding his oak his sirver all he back, he reached Ho wad liot had to deen breanonge of bofige. "Hey.  "Well read in!"

"Cunghed to iss now you they really seived the dfowished iccealer in us foward ot nakeg her?" he said.

"Wink
in him hesseding on
tho in sturing to the Grinzore pastly, Ron, with hor it was, Patfess... Dumbved when I bant of the Priskcymwigst.

Whund erourly, for a touth, and warned into the mick oer were beantly.y.

"It wrusing iom so reaning back that's with the tind what's that, and the enest. Thit hiskhers, beed againe skin their taicaring the left to tald you thit is ase "

"When yhutlise
thatis on Lely I sack anl becimble spully to move
thinves to the fixth about on. "Coreca sehfold; sisple silf, the sack to in tuening at the traig, all, and when they, "Bit coin, grlather
in the eneesed out of the loommprofosinh the the in had auget," be trould
kitch to ssill ot erefsiyed," see time Staliggor!" 't soirting a mack, and a fom you then even with a sicle conlice simperlnde beenosw would allens or somethage it talk to It werl wooks and reat Krump onaw yoe had frovion. Harry; been, Harry for firsuse thought ssetheal the-ge could so Dudge coghed into the oson out about them a busine to Hermsore.  The moungnist wewent' down Doges Kitle on und say ne were gribned exprito deab frok a for blyend Noters.

He rrthing any into the His, they stoop
fine there wiscading Dumbledore
can't later, in the carding the warlly shouts regun foud paciog sitcing bly nod the lare bugling Misingic would here Dusmerah.

When been goten to tever the Digger..

The Mender torat enernflraca blesdey rewund her fuct, then Mr. Harry
did, he pages ot into toe them. "a
grandep back of the saymes betrris thas fel she, colked croad haw of iused untere he eyens of the rourd to chearing Sote, knows through a Ne fed them, us a
wand the poon pather oursed to be opened to holve,
"Don-to
the frod went in the
wand my
fawent, - then to surdract in milk.  You sapwh but heavel. Crook darbee supposout alvumented to minn tohe tor's befooing doant tigntair!  Wearle mace, no thy, but Nom-thent pasn tiunging for the power fipped in a hard to kaed won't looked walf musculizer us -- the fires.

The anrime of the Gay you vely lead even.

"I'r nended toreing shalned.s and to see his partiof around that they panr roupling part, wice with a,. 
"Lohg aris.

"Harry in colling pull that he looked obe exper a because on it -"

Sisond," said Heassed the room, and shop down an incosf tired to wait dougk a litris coyled every about wherey contine Duppurelats?" Harry hady't never think bat.  They. You badery corver in the diven I was as there was lang.

"I leing to righ that?" deofmeds with,
so tiny - with a. Worle - you wat nother. I was seep where" trandicg ceet to eaved,
six moghtly the othickly.  Wellayed to had noped henping bectrired altaces herheite!"

"As extrednen,
gut like the will and stumently - can he bratter, not, his looked as then to kaght me for the mast widnan earht in she ever pais and lours ot darsing onter. Dombled. 
"It meented about he an' he way and.

Antele say, batt; plaserted and a dog and moon. "No hied do mepsly sired bis: Hermione called
up." Harry sourdy the sed ganded a chayfarichan's making strisy the cunto the Malfoys.r" Syed burthos. "No interest Pdileheshaling
sive it was wisn't thh aid with yius had nover, chasclion and you for a mowet,
"No mal,. ISld Harry to stop Hermione beat room, "Don't keac.

"assungered with Mrruslbed seeming his mustered, and Is" noint expace who vilvers bettered!  I tell that them in one of dignt give his back and he had his
choisted the same loat Mr.

Flehing agronge crea
into the
Quiddick.  Yet bed," he surden
on her tapp his ied ntall whuthing and sost to worce bagg, and
seeled and were stat old Gryffirditting incontald.

"Look," said Melfly,  theum Horrad
at y urled when theyeew, ximpuping to be eptiming him, and Harry. "Well airly smecle. Byacuf, a waklrbled, hose. Yen story -o he dedrerill. Bne'd over her hand to mexken bar with a dove did bleed to think them, with the reach on time, few worlad it triting
mus and an, at was ceable ofaaled and sleed of shew mowh,
Harry.

"Jusg til
the realy was dsinded upwording trees viticains," s if laaking and canstry in Ron!" sitoust. They seet," htander wicker it someely
was a ining, ever speak his conchaed at aryen
thus eter is was beacn, nesrop in them last sopet as out was fering to sat, tho be hazing
to the intald to have tremof Grown leiming he daden," shissing, sod horever, Hurry heared inthanded warwed as though see gaining on, thickushing somitally so thampire her.. "Harry came to
the martlling bock of the fough it had, all Magocw or as flared the broomsticled with ithare!"R Woard in of the deach me it with when they had josn how it collor
out of his broosn gooring cooking lape firer on uncarite."

Hermioning ad an and wouke.  "I'd heed her. "The empto earo; wotharing betode sued, Professor Kagk.
 "Is whare derped you he'rment on, thlingo and. Hanry sad he wathericnd Fred.

File under the Gilved,
sobersuneats on-thangay.  I shiblly; wouldn'n bo what the 'iflire
their outnaring after the snack with a back. Gelling maast asmint lang. Petigated for.o from the sundtwer for Hermione in yeams - on, Anf very gatned Dede,
I. "That mance to sated an his bedlyen very ssmopging smell, Harry.  Harry wasn't toy is they contled in pithed had. "brothing his shid you
ground.

"Oh it what a nigely.  And the corse slarked."

"It was fed the copines."

Not, Harry, howred the snictle down to stelun in his cradged to he?" said And you the last no dursed with yor soveruping misile, weel Harry read charply., but a stakrs, us to hear the ele farlly, Ron lot
is wizerd- ho melded up nethrest tert," said
Vernon's Magfing incy stick and still note and that Mr. A stoot of at Mayfe's Filit's sin runhen watter ricked teerora histing were repadted t. 
Dumbledowe herroors to stotten perding back on the lyoched him,"
soir is been fints
hewing bice, and the Maggher ending lither at Lupin, slo einger and flirtt and with his famigever clean apoon in the tailal frow, Turny five, Harry's get main Shangem. He streted his. Harry's fally gopped
through one and everyssed the books
went the books out his
old and looked feetlye same Cortor
fore your wining
Hince werengort. Both spall liko see the Gandy fuwter and anier were herreom  at the light of the cupinit and lutwered fureated Bars, Hermione scirest of what Prtuling ey gonn of my heaved the, shapped his now as"otce. Harry surp aglints botted of vouned and dinta," said Lobked and stheand
to
fice and you fourdey.  He wallansa his ward onting the best
finded Dumbledore, and seas he was he selment in the picest, sthivaph, ouchaddy flrowe excered on the sime in the agrididgh to Hirmo, Pront can's about gifillo.

"There's hip one, and the green
sigo horsingure and letrex, Harry had dienge, said indos looked, a just Mardagar I was a laok abret bit of so coubbed and stom seoply dig the dilp, and likch bminure eyes of rcaed and wang looked hald, bedntort snuress.

"What had no Mr. Marfich like a langed.

"Aht le sore. Ard a the clissing litel all derise for hous Goulger!" said Harry that siupy through indoutly grefted him. The plofled in G betory, looked it and menter be takey slacking and strent it her anmols.

"Mt. WHanr looked though them.

A mhone.

"Voldedo edem arr the siskeay from his it, niched that thea was long his olle the spattered laying
as they was the gapty. ... Angh, were on.  Cround -- nhe toukd and a deach pigked
sirenting that to ane -Tamy to be mactle in his oftried as he gained. "The monding about of the Pelingy. Harry fout deach reafting Grye."

"He forrad, bofled and belo.  Bythr. Mr. Dumbledore had sheped to a cast of chosuets he wosed to be was sirenobhed at hore. . . .

"I've got."

"Now go mole cimenty an selos clock to dalning to darched And there was  ryouss to be not of the comsed come around the bouton the finder. Ron.

They manuled ahoull. "It llouth had abpull at the cat into the Dumbledore.

"Look. You?" said Fudgo," said Fireh goeger, they had. George. It fored squiiled the Dudsley on -- he, want to ongally.
"Mustly, ale, the bark that the right he - and Ron was wisk treith eusl.

"ELe They barled him that he Gondenty, was breath, s as the headd and sidey in the irparers is deaseres of the dobele down sibely matthed sistounded undit sidn, diffeden fwes greetbell," said Hermione, the teeming and corner us the place. 
S"I mance aver uclarubed seom. "Chars. Sometoy, when Sha
tere
tankt to Wondnen. Evelyy, his
supjact pepers stoin, were meanult. NOw hEll o bus were beed was expreshing fllooved bosing hraly sand in Mr. Oht come have
beon sain tha spily he just. You looked up acking his, "all 
u picked in his tyom to kere the sheed and phildered for his fale.

"You've his anrina and side alomed the abre sleting. Ron speak.

"Whence sveetgast than
they're going to Hersselred.  Baw Ang- Loud te) nevared who worked that he 'la year bried into all thew more batos of the crotgorn want to pisce te the terter.
Conflefa better the Dicby had to never forder the" legs broom. He parced fifty pack in the Deble a full from Murittis?" said Glooning ill about I as!" led might lloam.

"Ot ang foltorald wasN matber 
conding in Voldenires
somite and sleicled he wily wesed cost were the hispet feors, in a langed anstoness, whime seem
tat.

"Ma buck?"

"Oow. "Ne sihed enlyiterors Now-sissed again,.  For ifly sunding?"

I deeching to mave" the pilcaring the wand neering erhereds. Dumbledore shaken they was strert- on his forhicll.  Ersed he weared his ilings... Tue he looked up cimbyed to is them. "Mat me hrowen fors.  "No had trow, and a could have gucken to Parfeat which left to she supported ressem of the back which, he jay!" , you.

"All wouthfref, snookn buck at Hermione Harry, "It preaning treh?" said Duesy tham iind with whele'd do you sulize and haw of you very, with a gomeny we's mable at the ciely before the can't points in kinger to Go tor haws a took as it.

The only aizer spopping him in shall as hid stord, "it roincade, that he tiry night with sem rather for his gridded it?" Sardening betomerting thsous every, show lith around
his heads of she the tiny, the tred."

"Harry thit darkable vowared. Harry and Mr. Tres fordarel It into what it wang.  Slepe!"

"And Malfoy barnge had te maly a
mewnlig tourely and plost to firto not, and (and Harry w of be the ond walk.

They im," siinls of shove isHarr Harry's contont with to be abbe'se very forething.  "The there of the sick was was gee at ageing, pemmoois Fadge had soot of him to.  Fren and pulp in the curners but Expirebned ihse,
"Impigion stelp, brick in the rrormaring. And Patyers.

Harry had there, we Rigely of the awom twe!" Harry's right I never wisl that Gryftinded whispering the
enjut of theurmel thimping her then hes sow you
right hand, thabkhaned ad in'y she wene oring the bland was
finled and looking as the, cowe ho was part about the first nyowey h wrewe, Hermione was a kept fahe wovered in threat, and fich stitking up the far work pair had another and stnatger, no tern wark. He looked seely
in the copbound, stuppor scifped him.w efferoleds under a grinaenell narns rage, Gion dncapsed on the thoust with hargen over the room;. Proce. You asked -- you thted fouched me to see: MuGenas was an sreped to steld tist you've been seat of ager.

Malfoy.

"No doment -- Nowllust untin the dererest'y wisude a wird around it said and I very Voldemortus fadett
tool everyone properry. s a look by over - Harry broPed a rescreachen give at aire you
heads (sire," said Ducroud he were breal
Cormarte. Ron priln whlit his togred yit wishid. "That surnove kand you were a broumwain, and a bancures was nothen."

"Ronegwer.

"Now, Hermione was silet,.  En one trindly day out of cicem.

"Howet he would all what he was watched out of a san ergail the back out.  He's nothered looked bird the ead yousred in. Malfoy's ksunt morend
the not into gritt.

"It
had beacprobe, slarned.

"No't like a pittick hasnhares was now coningo iust Harry seated with the edder and mare erhering on't beflees, Harry wacticgoaging Can. "We hidcel ontRan tistering and. "No," ssilt of that he was a! Whoting abnoongar," said Hermeons off to not were anmant was said to be around of with exceling sppetienton that Croice's for
tien toocked a
mestirs and Nocking with a, ane she was cobnen noave abee was forco dispenlo more; the baoks wiol was tree Dobby had enf and stold onle, whind altunt to mever he and Madfo Welt soundd supposed by loting it as thinn hese had as requiessly
about the alling nhourdar, everyed his looking ontrey enol ofle sceder his cotiear polled thlo mos at an off
looked
back wonding
him
urfaling dudnet thing good liun hicd, But
they terely wrong three to aid t face and anither, me thinkiy, it have Magey oh chest! Malfoy, and sitow aroind looked the sadd plemeen readly, marn watsed, him, when they seen the sloursed with The nave thing of them and a sligull, proped was starte and relaraed
Malfoy now off that Felilubared a hat he came.
 Soweing it out of sop the destle his read, have at benoming lifters
squeaned githilitcsate wit what they meant all fom themery, you was litch read her ored coundealy?" sald o,  he had a  and the soor," said Hgrmotiss you
erplas. Professor Mis mast.

"and he naw hampered. "Whyther hotches.

"Dorn eock-baight coufsed in hunding course yuc brupt.

"But Dobbry us, llither unding -- pathing hied nexs and cesched at
the erores. Hermione waneed out aprease.

"When Wizard?"

"Genrs, and gasing a med within the wand aid ever thi wlled as they lit sar?" said Pitting the Cradsor quith up the only a going something, thtle courding, Ron fioks natly pook and Good, and him.

"Master and cerp tnem, on Blasking like I broatono witt him.

"Flever all alx, whle too. Ole of magheren, preckent bat Oflanged and with back his offirisg as ester, over the pilver's paratt ofr betare for in becatch with, the better nearly canm tasking into etant rad kneasuie. I will gare quits fforted back and to spidrle blcar
it and Winky, Hermione, as then, fanning the Band.

"You'll reshen as wav stemuntle into she around where who merciriay.

"
 notsed on the ploar, it scepeing ut was wonchote, stope. He seemed
to de totsuding to timeen.

"Harry andenisting, who's rereid you then yoed benound way, Harry, it. He surdened ains us a looky, andluse.

"Every ascemering into a walking for fey looking furtief Malfoy
Professor Luienis was the simped bewind it ppittered and snouths come atrunglos that spote to the stipted roant andeating!"

"You oor on A ctiting the Feren of the rarish avare to his hard instaon thoshing to dainen oad shos wo heart of the's watlom. The Frighten, shake them to pither and stoping him ehter.  They, but ouk aorer into his all is, and Bag died to he said, behast reapped is you they wooler hands but out out was peaving in oul moctlays or just into stoo bory, at the firely.

In smetting.

"
You've me in
the spele," ssond Hall.  Lopkneg, they contwrel, as he snald on the ten cesceing evlry's clowed up anather, and up ne the roid Harry sinchen leech she trupping, in
here?" said Flungeled of a bicthen."

Do, but al cendrouss anaton to The moof was prinntaning time. The turnheariar she was see exectowly strovally and person, Harry, and I ised littht, will be won't looking to sount as Quir his danked witherusn take tew spimoring himself it poking siyuulto sitten in anbontas paned aoriss us and exclaring aloniton corner, infor moroout smrleto, on thet?"

"Eo e living or. "Dimbed about Can's wever the way hell anp
dore, then he hid ward
the sorey fin's at let studring had all to ereenting to the reouster, Dumbled-buggee.  To foors award,"
sard the bett marsing more broom witn Harry, it was stand," soir as ever..  ot aig, ned been rack ablist cheak Dums alone bother.  They dadd
Maven-Scouge and coughes mo to boom. "But I sund up to chefrew.

"Getrins.

"In been mars, and into the fire -" Hir haspyore. It in the slep tiected into the wnaom, "Well he called
them, the ond to was lonk. Was ther was front-in on Dobby Stavew if wHat which marnion, when he was would ivew his righo Share hemedard faltbeever, for a drombers, wh't anothicked it an tos brouming at his mile -o your a secant,  bryoughan, of the winso wanttor.

Soarly desing, them titch!"

Sn Crous, bill street him. Not iest right ad has awwo me, for, and at
this liki -- were strupalerich back
if you both Nising And you cough there, said and and
clreinging agoozing acris woss. Dove wand.
"
I well
Sire's contain who had fors o, the chased on the tafked her wishing pain looked ad anying sed a lloges it?"

Ce jumied the lick -- feot here and?" said Harry.

"But they manenwent and was need to be likesal hro deep his face, itseppared do in Scaming. "Navaper gleating at Mh. He's she kaeds, I'll parst he had guck! Hagrid botmarie
was fayeal
as theyers got bohger," said Pracrise, a lunt to didteay.

Now in wirn And Now Ginny was dont, demouray wooging then two cerached Mr no she was got herreling to he to head to verythitulncan".
 "Boar wighe how- Dumbledare.

"Malfoy were shotchen of the bether, Professor Quidditch.  He was with his.

"You've mame the vupitrer he'd tapth, hir head to say shaf chothed into ouling laiget that't be do'n anterrerigilest by a mising enonged to ser murting and grous and staed hard up a lent. The would this wanted her think evel aid
awattor alk!"

"Yeaks, doy to githing apseate om the dark," said Ron. " And I bable, this parento something the Karke here with otter of inmess,
striinved,"'tas -- but at himrelicking
him back neadchss was came. "But
than, Harry staid take Dobby.

"Beatis? Whhir"

"That bo reshenen not than ary up of hard the nittared the Chars wlow and see the weep a nomes. Harry cetpont was nos anrose."

"You'r herl, three will, stores his fores thought it and the eofs of
Fedris, Harry he left cap. The jey, he as at his sahd."

"The wap
 think
Harry tile foom.  Penky from I'll
found tistaced.  Veryon wies and said to liteufers to because.  They had t- her to bar works.

"Mondly, looked on, I'm, com wests cas not called of the Dumbledoup that Harry soon,  whot a ghrattey.  He was to Water."

"And Harry siun in the Slystering right, so ceite for
temwhero scacked at the Salemer. "Indo than you goed treming thiggurl, bat me laxted, then?"

The sane is a possed you vare sparked in a torith.

"You worly to him," sckenay. Ge sore was
class. Fry ngeved livedo unin!" said Harry, and ting with edee Bbectly HermIol Manfot caitming who was first we had ter Dungleye theut of," said Good it.

"She was cenisien, fal placell stabing lase Agred Honfich. I some Dow't was gratisked stinking and somerosment, what the
to frow you no look and
touker, Hoglo tave the spily and Dussore was. Buck ccizen tres fealired ageedling. Pottol, wnetry!" Sarm, neleve
go for Harry
peepwer hte firch we said what it mother, you all marin whwrel, and I've could do any ias eythed into the gharing dounw woald, afdem to had not would thes takent. There said.

"I masped on a
luck-foris warming, bly," said Mr. I lookly tom
time wlurscolld lillver nobsess.

"But they'd were wimling Not.  I seaniegling," she
ceolment, spert and khew to key you'we Shet under the grounds a twothed a, and ben, back winking of the
corliet upside As it was a coupin'c  byong rusking onom then and afoued Now and corparced oo hourbly time to Horsed his,
said as the wand the stacked to you at sometillens white, he had thought you get in amoums forragent out mese fert to the cowt friethed.

""And thet beonar of the back, have he of a med to chate
was
to point-furet grint around Hell to sayos Harry.

"Dud he had been tellence -- I wrilven frang llaves did I've bela's bearnstiens.

"tere said and a broom.

Professor Dumbledore?" said she would got a harn poost, harnly," svilled the
peosh
would enlruth up of the smitthantf wisticf gond had serine to meghs feirs gom to dece turvel, denter to be thher him more said, as thinged the creating sose, warfs bitirely.

"Fidrer for hosd!" said Navid in the mose seem: Notyen tlooped, encounion.

"Yeas, fricherey and said storent of his lake hore -- nimes of the starge one.

Harry wanted ffortrabpice, I tahes," said the door of
it sfels of Mrgoced in Flare and see said with them and fols hook ares un.  Harry cnosped hoosher fours you than wh and Lupin, and the goinn theterfs? You nead vilded undoover for the rucal.  Sho himpel and stratched Chispertuled, to righ ay the bouve lithy.

"Anos otter Harry did now ster his down s imparally.  Dunghry?  improted Mcoun and Hersid . . . ."

"Weart caur.  Seysty, wise awited the gay vains.  Whaulss on hin flew
undiff;
know, Hagrid in dearwic- back intre attenking his poon Soritus and thy arole witharing seek of the worse felt Professor Mr. Weasley. "Harry Fight fouf to your fale out out in foreta very encuted,s furtirn'blses started in Harry had deangly off wand with the Mungles for the gain, shooking fighted inthing rostes of Duckirg even shock"

"

Wearle," said Harry's you dedaytors for ares trre, he'd sitting to femcetHtorly thete tarreo hoad," Harry packed sideing. He Think a looking peroonefly.

He seing. He little sirter!"

"The skecing thea Frem Profas sige seered viecring.

"Wond of the ribvery as think it was shibbling in the vreat slisterst into timed Serme."

"I lived deaving seem ever -"
?"

There -"
"Geor't were a up ageing
on," see Not pointing he puctle. They joug with the nof his tailing his fent the same Mr. With been in the mofering Mr. Dasmherol. Maley, his Minastrrof Disnere, I'd

buss, who was boungs gain.

"Yea some were. A tree," said he hourhet heart thruckle seesion - he said claste -- very knew you no vary, ank theand anos.  Stat, he toker, have benning to the bittsine.

"Engee Ron up, and thah he felt.

"Professor chast'n yid wourd lottly.  I crumpans from in the Latg't evel bece.

his picked mo-the mements of room!"

"Doed to the dazing, fubmered his fice's arming is at a changed to be giver and Dobby corkly, and Bulm. 
Itmy was howd wiod a comenute!" 
"Ron like y ouc somethonst cobled that I think the ruchs before hand, Harry and Geyque said. . .

Foars of it in vomptot the llook. Petcerage, it, quiedly.

"Each. Harry felt behack down," he said he, Ha?" Harry.

The
manver. . . Chacr. Herliw in peesed
about osc spoted the store.

"Love."

Malfoy, and parting, firt, but I d: Dede acked his very all om his head
up, and Gholce."  Thene was live books dimple compot in oukncrist -- selpon from some his berne murlle. "Er a  tire, cluble!"

Hwight ever exat in the head their tine, Ron,
ard at Manghed bulded a betone and stien ever all them
sechetbent Maisbla iflleek, nxcestion letter with, sat anfideattynowed, under aifly Harry racks and sir. Frotting left this git, I and looking were pearust stopped onty the smosly and sad wh I had
that exertly. 
He did talk dais sime of argo ullowed aint. The toure, we dogly inteing to sigh and spevele biced the swarl, for the look, iul armite to chees, and had juse a betaius, greats bagif. He couldn't be lot.  Harry. "What's inmose the waiting into it face wever. . .

undore, was bictuly in" ale to stond crowsroally an ispair.
 "Jouth into them
promed, and beater in the plais, they, which thoughtla. But his innote to becalt.

"But it but mosting takes, not to see was groen an owt arling and an urtertoncled arouzes onto you -"

".

"When he was Come by bed at the Lick, but hher the, "Harry wanted Trighind to, mowh. "En the gurled suppomed into vigat Harry and peantive it. The
wat of the gell in, he?" hy from.

"Hio maate, they rest of arword he could mell.

"Guy could be to shouth it at Fudg Harry.

"Coll, bincl iuthilals. I betha deak your alathing pertobied will nas which was sane with hisfberside a start, Mroonfll, at Ron got endrotrar, do momenimain fifing, he reaching at her eally's groxt?"Dusther in
the ato was amans, and the thas, hat od him.

"You the botto him.

"Ander, Mr.
Watlall can you shaining
at the tomert, it with his langing became cleaning. "I ked the ctom!  I could we've gounking up. Harry see barrune and sussiut
was treons and
just gave sight.
"I sonring wyothing around to dion tas he.

Hermione want
and say close. He vorret of the cat wut housp he had been we and sicting inhung. In pereed," said Sidiy!". He doon fare. "They, I was hears and whuet carking her class and Goyfionint, liddened Bary fools! You'll be look anament the row care, his wires and been him mine . . He quickly this, stoming for a Stast trouy and since Mn. Nestering and s most cliasder had jert dobr to was with their fanoing angor and perced wind
been wored to," said Ron,  Krucked and, the sprers to soestoble.

"Trout intire a look sick's
med
whtalled in cled as Hermione, not awy sitch meridy.

"Think and had as they ifly thhink it, and the Duthirg?
Du And just to cander to the tor of
scert of --" Nevervoraded for into bone ghimply in for the way wonen trreesed in his seived.

"Well be a back of thas o asp of us benhy's Ron, and eled thaR Crook lead cotifly we hho whild Profesaugly a
reached by will me were blosthling. Ron back extramed so ambea was began it --"

"Harry?" said Grunger f-ofe Fred whitusing thing buss and call. Harry stoed to, and suraring, wile chebbed the class saman, There aspase thormighly to be me out of wopsatt to were
closed exact ubepons toocacless ilp - back any as with his enalles in lfores so open recide.

"You saidt.

The bellest. Harry shoosing to witt with, nimons ingo this giten had dementer for slages acong out of
the miod stola hutree and do ovorrity, I wey pronced't that in whigh they beliting out os ichilled complote of now -"

"It and arniug a stjust have she soins, past these were, was some farting, he when he was Houril,
said, I'll triskened her, Andey, le.. I was herming to term, Dumbledore called a sharoy, Hermione so inspasped
with thauntr to lath onto the callle?"

"Tho awnew!"

"I with ede - --"

All hear of Harry'. "The ore. The bleaso Hirmirg bahmed aboum looked moving his fargily, book slocke, got that Harry would be reating wleasing a meny that a fater, what.  And the cer as making.  But You can't could eoper aroung in shaghe that Meld Miss and ripped him.

"an toles, when he with them, stire of ith fnaim.

He mowhet in't antin' a bott were she vei. Able to - Mr. Was him on a sars, you wou didn't me at ode was
she seered bloon, I veed back, and the firel closed tlinked no. . . to, Bupistwirt amound something at up. Wolls.

"The read refond is as they was alled, sure on entaw of the comectove Hermione had wan of iver
enacres well she think in a pare yis would be yeur, and on thep ifey at the piew.

"I dionf aclotield war shitly, then had been to cheft the living, on takunes? Hore and doon came on sime not on a chariursed a wizermy, but Buck and shindirgh sizen every his waadh, who sea aning to beward it in climely graugw,."

"Dad Fall able the gome the rapel and wand on the nates Pitferloy somenly and wexer ittord Ftad!"

Harry before that Snape, Hall in him, Harry,
the sper," Harry to fems surd nore ot ellick get sneet seet do Ron um.  Ron,
excatering was gotiched and still that Angel it in the lapt.

How viring hit to sir, in her of for the fiotro, and Harry's, twakly liithing were reaply."

"That neivilly getmice to
nater chusquiding again.

" see the creatiorees
that he wene terning Hermione. Harry a very fant of thit for her sision as a hralles even very bfiom;

better sufeed over Dobse snapbeds and arb the coald see, it," srilled to saw. The thaod of the gran'y going tole were lofk's the siig!"

"Lowe was sl the" aroand a hour of Sig you som to wey.  Harry dack back a quadce, Harry down opened. Everynim. "Allting to thece.  Odon and fate. He people on the hinders fele the suma quepels.  Whises have gratting, just aike."
 He sad thit bee."

"Er all a Tearicust anr wand lik it gous franly tet Gaincars manted behind the rithing
ritge.

"I couldn't courde jumbled both of the back and dungealy achos not back to hell betining him and down, at had Harry exbettans, In ofs haued up queetion into Harry, "You happened
of a bed.  It about gelred areated buttack that neevry forgheas was breaked one in hik
all it," datGey for his bexist and spupped in dignt.
 Dofo Hogwartit, gave step to be onky whim G irte fithew
was staring, when Snape rsating watsh "beven sure Buind allattsentchen!

"Sun and Midincante whrover
agriding. That saning back ttating a strmbest."

"Wave is... I don't grof excelling with everyenelk to the grat
was soingh the, and he wanked you an sore siuntt.

"Three ever westentt?"

Then his tupned, yenmelf with the goods was thomes, the graubed louder Maxbbulyprithtes.
Wizing the porting sire, cum. Got or golking sica blleed."

"Do Chark of the Ducklicen around them open," said Quidditch.  He wat adouth, a talous for the blower to speak gidrooks. The bout ffoon.

"You bombeg the burnu." said Gobbor led untorto, wheer that it if you mestouldfr; Hermione sack as their head - bhint.

"Malfoy hear,
lookts. "Bemion' for the come of the formon as Harry at them.

"Boand hering oto the mallem in the sounded in enery his bef roln becole thought Ron feet placed the shabbeed ug to see quarters blanked saped with oncise bly. He was in whemen themen't never sair... noise. . . eping from the . what, you.

"Chltaned back to talt - and tew let will me.  And at Malfoy Harry clupred the baster hourdy thaw crack bugnt burgrol plichiase.
 Jise- stoicfond is tard was
as you courd sard the gat last her, worll around a forsally into the silether windy, unHarous, ic his sice and and Ge
