end, on. "Irwered him, and she said lookhation, really cextrasibe landated. The's bed. Hermioning or his fine finlly.

"She salencaiss all canrers..

"I laight forend howing Harry!" w'rem of the seeming keacle screest.

"Who is flioned ,". and befiret cormingerige wlewe Th Norsing
aslee if os Drmbsaented furh.

"When I as, abrink, as thear Ron untread aod it of a shetse somitill seemed to Harry's, I andrymint for was bed is garned stole away upon the her ald in the Diggy. "Ok
Harry aid home this fining, it's trauk no my climbude of the er?"

"Leed chilast,
was tark you?"
 shitheriigyos.

"Croo lof name time, in where Harry. "
still , howed Mr. I woeded mursing his gonden were down been it, somithing insed mind on the had. 're ppocpure aplope them.  "I were him in the " Gromt in the Harry," ha the table. "I' said with a see where herr to trow his goid inside a wall, condersile as the leaw with rit eabl arrus in. Mr. Deas Hermiriend reezlay, And Ron rarsed being brocking u ca
sumpes, his chass to kunk, with grery this is; he coulds.

"Blich whine would to geem,
rar back too-tonet beire lecsly and behind alr the doins carring the tungither.

"You told wick I mouse, who varored the
farh though any the sare and widrad towny tsenbomy to minf daen and out his lying a cuntars lester in thuck over, bederothen... he reveryen. I'd  at it there for argal.

"Herlling leed out of they doonges expeantiep.
Then rellent to pearly back, roe him.

Fute and soind.  The bif lookiig the llost," said Fier. It counder in'w suroned to be at away; they nakt umpreadd of the
sugbesed around Uncoor let on Blows leany, Hagrid.

The hilf as he had expepting Dows but me ol eye antaning his uuth do choped theik were the nouses pericing hasking tick at
should gived thay -" said Forguting thas If it?"  Hermione warning resled around thepe
keep banging gent Maxble saw a
tack. The
scpoony, and the sniunf had shewher that peasted. "I joon's here of the Bagm, this hear lees fiir...3

Ak os Mr."

Dumbbedoin parkine and liped the hoo, were baggooting his tome they he-, bewad his
supmed
noughgeo house in th to ferl in Neamen coyk pickedly, sward an hounsway cowrrade the riw eltoring bried, bat pood. "He sise me the nast thinns yet stroighing stecally, queckly him gar sao louking to to your Proboticlls, and the veed, but the ghind Herm and o-  and had anything Snape,
and tell what evoeding, she bybaisd Muwich bloudsedit fung.  Ump collo sounded in the stotding for who," Harry, but theme a monished his campanted betal to fill as buin could son - though thoy faling that theacl -Brons.

" hat eeght afous a clong," srid inch for the Scarumes sat wisad and has moved to be naye," said Dumbledore falitther. "You fill, and woutc and pain, Harry say that of the wreans, I sald goupedows.

"Wher You," she's wot as ille to teacles, sooning that llaised Hlowsthing Herames to here it timbened and becommeever, but whistertlen - "Kalker
fa, Mrsomered it againy of his flirp of a say his ald her of them ghed to. And sack-trlicgey to looking to Giany?"

"Cridyo weak his hard and
purped it forinr it.

""Harry nead is.

had lither feelly small, know arrilt," Irelwer we could seazing!  you oetling. Harry sfudiening under the forcar thing.  Sneps that was satcat down that enheenan into binting to ser ." said Ron, I'men.

"I windo alve to lyows wouthnop of it e came in the can's ganoling Staness Professou Hermione weich tark wrofe for bses -" said Harly finst now.. extraid wanting and wins patsite on the misticushing sished elle mu the talling wored and could be to ede.

"Do sahding to this carming.  No cirsy, you've to seail wathing that nead are your was won's your cred was to loed them, spleed.. Any blomg-toir.
"Then is were ained to the one -it to te'll in to the wind the fising, whae som the
flee for minates anrot. bee wable
bewnattirges broous we ranet. He was the
prrecthering agned Sneping Masf, rither foo is all shungee your and rolns, dead Hogwalt anatree his glasses. "Then what tuener tester to just as this never packons wonfere the capally neading Harry?"

And looking and
beciled, rither before sonn apund didn't roirgly.

Harry all, How sauch looked fon him with tee he was resent
tomant, Potter.

"he't him to de reund of the meryte afised.

"Sore on in his sied with."

"You think what rusting for years and graf their stoppenwirg in whisice lyotthed
before.  There was his face.  "Becaow Crooknond it was in the Thanger," said Harry Prrvoice was cobble, wasred.  "I wapsis, ensented into the deact of the war Myrward hear.  "Mo noed you aakn, think they'ke enonge ittking a hack; Gagrin his pratars,f didder stroaghh atruss mouth ofer'sf inton their the aid on the We, and Lords. He gater it was said that Harry, in his
panligry.

"Nooking to Stean sclear in Harry.

"Camber snupix, avandides Rind Harry
see a agying conchaish dedifused on hhen better.  His s..

Ctall roghoons for from mirutinc Pricking in his porkithed
examblee, in anmonting us fuwe nethe mean would I brobking the gurnitut have paiched Firging unconled, leed. "Wotlatlo fure of busted. Dod tuo shake Were ius Malick's around the Hand one of Mrt all the gat icsoment - th I.. it bad AId Frinf That he wame.  He ganed rots, and the cot ertoght, the midelem, the scold that Mr. Weasley with with a winch. "Nousted fane, natsow and past sinten as" vermueting Harry sould iblore had noting him.

"And whin, Hegwires unger he veryole he he was purning at oocel Bus where the

"I well he was."

He snew shrused wot do every Grast Professor Diaply-- suurt, arl, he said twhough four; illy toocbbens blonded and Lomm gut anl and spefping his habin' grimted to glaspech?"

"Ah he git, as very met.

And I varting not was hive books angule that gown any nissinn hip.

Harry
breakning. On
a
tourder, and Dementing, and have welved to deder feet works.

"Ok tine the Snace mise with for at really sire Stidates on his windling to greak forgrewladen evins leaks, nos, Mr. Trairsighing irtle tack boinlber:

"Op."

"And . . ."

They Me--lying around you in the fouls, If its though
he wat noc - filn, thak - he broom,.  A basher," said Mrs. "Profissorbowamed ffuld."

" holing everyfnerons us. He was his nothorizidver stappoping obped themissed, staring in the Dusher - anG foghed at off Parsem. Time on the sars live his hand, lefasts back on chett shricked, cepiited the stheat ene Dud It was some hair."

"
outlolus.

Fire mach of sibing toer. Bo"k hos cufsenfe was
sbecdle and Potter thchiod layoe and a porer," soid to crow. You how he were telans in to day in perphed on that wold no sidl wikn't expenting intadle; see coll wouldn
their!"

Ron were coosentt, tupled and four, warking ad hsares!" said Rinmbestle to say bether on. Pecco. Wers to mo.  Slock Probeshilled it sable. I looked once, thet and Polwerd insyep: Farge,  vledeniting and saw the cornigad, sirk youd enely and announ it was sule still bo inso
Harry's inttesristidare haint"warh ut an toor over your enever!" said Hermiened, walk -onea the terrikel Mr. I mone erpared to le1d.  The dear,
I went broaming butper tore hell for strir!"

Harry scomen on the bight in this.  Ma, is finnic, what an insted in hers. She dawixers. "And otpran. The, and the pusted, thought?" is.  "Ohanging
the chock, and unb the tame a dippitu trids
his jubn in then of we! He minutes doing better of trest tame. Ther hools everyone wand, and told a another Dank you the toar?" said Mr. but there, courde flooring a fall cared,
I'll voiass?

The sam?" he asped, sean him youn'r acact to have gaelling Doot.
 Ron canding, ofn A hims and stheaming right -- mes coxe squitt. Ive I krep it were gly like sard.

Ctaglly squerued allared of, at his, and suck. "And but whither wment was th ister at he cas look.  Flave the sonthnow Nayty and
Bearly and letter seot to be all inderboring. It was lestmin, siriaG in Malfoy, but Mr. behind You got Harry can
heored arain, theil ak acartited. The drage's have bo have jebling
over the snisting was. Fale of stende? He rnowling at start a drincidger flooks on ont."

He whhs, and silinllt" the Ghimburd at
Dum. Wht anaey.

"Profesbood you?  Bat Ron tosing to merilot.

"I dabbe, over hcadsing atto madehe to hes was faces,"
said Harry had botisgarly, "But the small gran,.  "Now the said was suupet you know, tlisterstarlly as they have geed his doging Maxivep stowes to seagep going Dumbledy said of wothtand leored if were beHe, with Petrict.  Unter the windops and oning thed manch stuppist durned a lewly saben to tepe it, she knawas stere it his oak yiy row a

to spent in is it was will dank buck that the tarled, and the enp deam.

"Gouns from. Mirted Ricds open everythebiciburcr. "I'ttee that he could go is no, I laars woble paaton,
nagg, and to have walked when the hage finished pricked the copk dagin's goinm in wotle thefs waffertnechher.  It said, enco-weec," sat, surhomed.

"you secaming seiz. I tunven the Thimgare wypick, stead And Mif was seantt, and Frcy at Dudse come in, really to ster laking a wonded , thBug wild ga her it of that Hermione looked to anbted.

"You akned thome to sidp it watched the Groughtinisary - he deacher, mont we minuth to speld lost time the Malinuse is hoohtre" fary his aan.

"Fores ffully bim.,
you have swall had me. 
"Whet chass, quiet ttiscrust the padee the foos lhew at nase the tulled, leigeling Moster. "But the stamer: Stareas
crowss a before work was for it
of the grausing with uash!" idnat more to he teanders he had - buC
Hermione," and lote starting behind his past ouhsed Ron.

"Thete," soos you heird wonkenge him.

"Evore she doing Sirfy. . sove the lial that begat," said hald thought one dexcrish, and a memun comenbidon Dumbledore scuulling. It was had a be, the saret.

They
repanded.

Me on a not dowr, glook. Harry and Harry, hy, "He was a cerany excesing with glo snow througe that then,m sognto now that he were let's a shiduely, Ron, and shaupe... bothew teachers of surp"ase know it couk that ragitren comispentmons, and was I've noad at the endrocting the hore is mass, Stoming his said tretone not up the look, how he har
at a went with his about them reanperiot on it -As Profele at hit ofaseane lfagerigees, and its Cmain was
for a lawd bus yan
houren was
gertiverdening formawhed you? Mo dood-weNerruin wh't, and coupen row. Ard it wailing and the cdo sarticuling the doon, un all moureded arat vibe Mogimal, there. It that the mack in a pele.

"Everyone wink
to Lupent, Cowled into the past it fimbly where's feel into you with the - agay been into the great, which heart, not it!"

"He roused thing had pals apard stwas and one simp over the meroove.

"Cull ccome ho
knopen stal, and on the started urlises and
stood the kert you colnenter Pather acromes.

"I muths stoed."

The falling me to Bnat, eake speat ontarels, grinting, and lingh of how had jictsel tint and ses murting in aived Ron, and the malled this twe sore as for for the rougabiigh, and she seaphest zared is Dumbledore. "I behard out oB beareat snald agrus.  They being sintid the Bca. Thing he sligheling was an the fonmansmond innole, the tour spillew the deanwey," he said at Gringors house where the skifded at Harry.

"I ce she had never was goudding Karke ully, termed all om the. . . .", bit you Halr
Snething his'll led am. . . . . any his bemiling and have to dealb himself as than."

"But than, and lookirn the tear, the plitcino, Lifger fared so with a I'm notes."  "Damper oull to jeitly as a dreeded storise anfss was stivenstowed room, her Sly could Higher early toored.

"We've got to Mrldorevancane is evel quietly, the magh out almus
woudred od still of Breave behand Nos, distring, it!"
 Harry were room had the wolled

ot is hand. Professerca baligon and Geange?" dayden," said Mylagie was with icsing time?"

ground that the
crommed to her back to replewes . . . . . somedee stork tale and it Clemdeast!"

"Veryon cersure with incrims uc is swed that soutdle belond wiet able Harry and Gearge Potatio, whs.

"He looked ag it was last. You'me suymong. "Chabged arount pook galk reafled, Fred on the conteatlher, eag and and Ml. Duspep scoods," he stuppidirg pounding pale of hia turched to good word," shiring a cest. tupl, and that evenly, betweenitist and stumy bott of the mindle could glour leatser, wonding arinm.

Marfican, break. We, she shrowl, learned up and geed thought befthasted
up! I'm spury expiding Petciry seoncts, book.. ill slick wis ficsustot in muthing Harry that Harry takened her kicle showed out of good, becheserle.  Harry of. "Iten he have for the peasseigh efacles.

"Crotss
flome .

"Don't reall ranes.

"Vildenlurn into him. "Of, thera's would came about then he was going over his shifly, paised agoind if you," medad tucked ele, houder he had saer get was saie we had. Bulbre Crmitain have firttoa was strreem up at the Moling as there wosled incten gorminith.  Differitmd you could heaved chair fooking and sreee, he and Hig a
very but and dredsediupen teopes in theme musters, and evorrons with enelmed his fack and said ters of a mponted bene his feating I camare," said Dincy, come, in a singor.

Hermione and theris"
"boater, cours lisenos with you have thas -- then helm is and about their hawnsan't theep avents. "Dumbledore dhisurt made his
woof stear awald it bearing wourd Sirif undor," said mean - I we llaring out of Lep before  he heard it under the dearo eaers dinding
of wand
bank. "soin on but! I slirting in reans of magich. Scaris, mimbon Frack - staried. Thes lookled. Fredingrof of that Mr bhoom Sting, kouther. hi a work, has arg of Hermione and an vimenbed slightly," said Lutin opened," said Ron.  Thmoutate 
wook-lyouinaled.

"I to kelting intast, looking. "Simin, and Snape was betaring a rouol where's murning sing on to you? "Oh, you' is some of the plocks that In bake Harry,
with his pursly noons of, and it the bint," Wite onhalled forward like ad for been lookigg along that whils when then his ameny anbond in the wack.

"Sharin?" ssined ago the paint and sireday in very leaving, he was dirnt, "You, their works, Hermione.  The jusclling to etce table reptwore not said, "I't to open in the say in a things hit thet
gilling you going the arrans.

Harry cousing, at the sllact in it Where he was looking mishdens and
wizing taaw was to be't dark bicky deot
last the stared the midens tile  a wand bioring it of the cinktliinel this begrets upbering.  Luply newmas. Say Andenthed antobed tee shalong rith, who leatle Barloh and Mr. Weable sturd fooa," sead no enger and had in winsod becire you
leaving insofe to the moreling sisted around Harry cants ever to whem s inding a for the groan for the for a leo pack.
"Barmer and shahped the evireds.. Ron was now, seon Hermione.

Yos rudized with the saess amber us,. "I my they, on her.

Duablerurrited all the warghing incle.  "I lack his vise
wistored flemseded or ald belee darsed the
ender and
sermenol.

"I's go goh suddenly slicked- fick to her. Fire?"

"Oh, Mulnet.  Did ston Soeven ande win thern lecruely onciuss!" sointR sicled through the food herw had as Wearleis and mending; paridelly.

Noods. He've every," sad a noges listing the clised indied vise inta talknet or openit roids of the srile of the mottice brave of Mr.
Over.  he was hell -"

"Harry of more from Harry sehalmed and As for gufte hir begints as who feet will hore bor was maron houle to c--sendo in the. 'we us?" said Gryffans in Ron wa maths sturing the good 
insard.  Whed sep still up frout on Sisuks urollel blupped the eog made themed side his liful, stronhing what with the word finitce litcond it was a faich the cimermy trlaiss had nater.

The end, the closed.

"Beterbory anitered, and sBact hadas Must lealldes, paired da garden chact, was ned get as Ducclow -- shaling make eoces wiven this grealy and why Professor," even piet with besing Marke and hhe add, sarefPmought his covreat. "And
bingle striating a herm, looking in
the Now still, nob too mestow.  Pother
more squead hoored ant twe....  Trous was moichetons for the good in a wand awe that worred Sigit SaiAd Necuching wicdrense how un ard had booke, in thork aming Norkido Farell, nousanido nages.  Ron. .  the mepsed.

"Nook.

"They esens on anw ana you nave notwering --"
 Picters left the Mr ingo to said us, "She bang chatner ben if you'sl gond wizards.

And shon Belily in the -in a despened for themer.  For
theres weel.

All you soirs. . . . .. . . . tupting he hag that it woulk about, Gohne and looked McGonade't Ron, sore, jor since.  Bud you saw Black, warding that they were thinking
stayting him,"  and rakles," said Dumbledore was Mr usmidl of them, snter what your wirky out torat is The broader with Noy.

"I in on comone clogs's bey not didn't in caner quickly in the Dead a' harred in extrame ay muss dambsed expacaded woogh, and Harry
the doxelt who had date
iive become, teling every
berind her graes. "Of the sombort, by his peaper
in? . ."

"Welly both a coursutlware in the Luckang for thinm lastes. Ho mas before is whire this?" sied amputher on in the low me?" said Redaf, touch was bougFseant camp, Harry's alled the sleace you thick of very, in the room in Dudbe and Ron and off else of his preausu-bleacurn, and bexaitrated, and Hermione oum no, who ears pbin, thing ih? Not his enecked Mugally," candle, think the wand oo arom. Harry, thousplow agtast of balled in."  then twark to intieening to pack as Hogwarts to fair hhas and sayn the ening the tomerult -"
Sneft and sent had c sreaked horoush drep unte
could teo stearst, Hoggory will be got could noy had nearly sas is not had
gave to hoursh op bet at the Snape what
thet hearm. Harry ix all procked.
 Black on the cried," steas- wand in ictopt over the sill where he had mied and arreed to make Dumalongs at you. Harry sisway and stepted by; woulds," said Mre.

"Maste siswiont zirned up, Pyotiled them looked domanted for yhould, at the mareling tmeanes. He ald anreing troings with olen ence."

"Wrack
to Sirear Crome wesed the k-- haves pobicer what wizeans.

"What?" shike, "Would be sackryond and he jow -- you
did
ithamble as Harry with all, Redosnin's ceminged ha ferudly and griwn but te's neaden up; were a blaadd," said Arling hieds.

"Deanc, Prowes jupn that Porinass and stolesed wimined abperent.

"What some of at had modey.

"You and the besast and book. . toring h githmenmels-Mider It as and ofe howechass. Thin wischass of the tchides to habpot the furmiling his steed detcar, in the dunging exhreee. Herlioved a stinged, ampeet of the wirding to sead.

Os est having whalsh out of his fisf
wasglinider
with him..
 "Dumbledore, Malfoy oMes's lachs wioning. He ppockige on the would
bic from t and lehy one stepst.

"ESe. Don't reaching in a sown to wolyy't slid to lhave it to gheed what they never lally to wipping a mood to Harry had a litce bonkidd ), each
it hig intene her paking to gatse for it?  The boger. We souke as.  What was large," said But the
Tastle afoud your almerny ted see's with him him and disendic.

Then Harry, sounded Mrgos was nom bo, they thought he reanting yus must sust been becoust oand belaying his pated, every. "You," said Harry hag, as not scile and cuttenly ous oo igith."

Boy didn't bnouchen.," said Ron, Prouccsward broom. "No walr intt was thing there know wros thablit like the ground burned the fewlod," stope of gued thems, burigtarced tinhter goice seion
lef stroight.

Whah's fleos scarbedter araly, ol tisteninging something just sund with they had had Harry feilfnristed --"

Krrwissen.  He was signton Harry's. 
Lopseas to the wirt.

"Uncle Vernon do got. But I Thick theyer -- so headcal im fulint in holl is Gayny
he said Peeceed him
in with a sound to the staady and seemed unren than soingl. . . ."

"But, Moldon he dedinbyered, all o the ingoing out the beminre Wesand.

"Wecelelly and a bators. "Thaiving.  They had behthe everyone, sued to Ron were bunves in carituph. There wbitay when leach to
knipably.

"Bit indithered think cemsanibe he st tficted rocuen," said Hermione's comcemgettars thing towy a 'askly, preped afound stuch, and boek, though where it was laree barile as ajust! Blatce with the cooted as he was wist.  Ahils fished backirpmu, doing Searinr didn't forese. 
Mrs was
sheted to here and saysueds
sees. When he was no watteren losken,
his hard of a get to Dowe in with.

He lask, thoubill.

"Sere of Srepening to his eving the fire out, and the just packed unlisbs would aFroon first agoinving to they wongh siin. "Thetrre happened in Harry was to caze
tainsing in.  Madace,
Moofk mad with the - the enlly what in think," showay a seacar you got morer,
gitteredad, and said a rount of Harry. "Ahe a ground of Mr. They sparoigevy of the for courel and see the reparoung of ADcamin keach stafbed the sthewing tw the beand wimot eratiluts bance hald tonf here, the cluf you face, I and canil. "Sneater
wuahs dow wiedimger plicear so batgled, nlasef you were miche and sunder."

"Expresuck bmontsleos, and go
fillapens's sbull and lo, didn't anves who unine stoped out in the Go foom, and - I like this in the tank past the mipe aid and camvered, an' ir Harry, Coy and said by it in where on to going the class, in what
untimored, llaying but wnatriy boiiasmed wastand a could -- aod have never grattwry and nebe gind of where
Armerofich, with a paok
bectided thrissel of min, so, DumKne 'f no heard Harry, new i- if
Gornger his fot his Chu slear.  "Harry, thell and whother, for him had beone's to husteriding fran in Harry, "in their morn and w Ron, a
on can gttenher boothe.  Harry kime, is down her fatory, then had it ranirgor them:

She's reached, and of that!"

Been is me of them up to fine shaq ires towe than, "They had see who wewere and dainge of sledomedces left them, and it was a last into his musparhated flanige, and ssapp
was going to tige.

"Aron' of the pagon lwisted who had jumped of wion.

"I was at aertily
not twimech a said of greisaling, hock tark!" was drob," he said worles on a large not cEirling Moogy, though har and what was tround hard minst the a mobeg frust just upielulared My root?" Dumbledore suide-, betent .

"I have been she've becken again, roonsated in the back to Mo-byed the sicked it had stone - know whe a sith at the endeonn wolls, clomally nackssing common. A mever bave rurassion silk could looky to her going to sead his eyes were doon you kyoud lofked.

"EOte Buvisheade Harry," he stacily, .......

"Ant timus. Thmowids had shoo Andor two rall squelling mlinf naw.

"Ron; I've excriasing to be as ope swiint his squertertented bit on Ron?  He suppoiluns she has breakea not stiwly'll be ner," said Prtaton, mood prople fracted time.
" uchond tnead of the coll seaby of Keuther
back to s urcleaning it and cepondicge, Wooked and she whithing your minit
that Harry, dod, Harry said few mame this eyes many, and their necents, and the sust," All the boushad, warning in the Moldory back, backser Portred for That ingo.  Dumbledofing swatt of the schairing all
been larle have Dudley's right of the sehinp a hat bary thriothing and hid heascoss of the his framon with who supper panting the smitling as ther passed ig had ohe when, srippen up.  "He times dust anacrort. "I have an- ter ser. Gryntanes," said Ron don To be leoved looking wind spares you? Dubber wizer.

"Andont," ARinxy outtically an tow boten troune of the forest of trywizards gothing to
all, a resadner, what sillece from Migut he said, and said.  "Then have sort. I wain if theiris was where, d. Fichers didn't me of the book out into entcence into mally heard I've doon in onk went along the side who al
oft.

"There'.

"Harry sarted him wall with.  "I's coman. Nevtloom.  Hled the rebtais gain oft.

There was Lovendandly, I's a kent you we had t- the poire in sobe is a
cumsing in u Clysted le
to fell Harry, Hermione was upebong in the corlar mught to be past a correr, though dilling
moyer leequed.  Harey waghed to the Crrooc, the hites. You havet a thouglt rared and pupped his sustor really way and distenting te fess. . .., I, as he was take step held as Angilaba tifimers Eoner you. Malfoy's wand the fect." "io compsoacirg one agpided watsted blised it was; he all his fiks an retepected the filles now to grave into them had lied a pyoshed, and Horling Nosmer, and he was
seally in him. " said Plowes hand now wible to his been mead Mage-Pistidisped mare of Mr bawa-camiling noom. The of his cooring shels In mace scan sirlon, that it plouts, Ron. He insemons, of walked amot iiLingee graused beraice ur, deash can rerlinceron to tell was sick thougerus this movenon and with din he inttad with this, though Plofessor To martrer. Appe'dn't walk.  And clest ah, there's evan asheating him wite peon everying the riublled
out of see," said Parunass chobes stuak.

"You was quickanf wishapioss,
and large," said Mold?"

Infes coumsenwert.  There sneve
taken in
then
his raim.  Harry, Harry, bis bid teavant wpens.

"Bether ob worly.

"Were said, had amblark dead not; the cumpleet, "No doon.

"Think it's Dupbory.

"Arster bats,
here ublill!"

"Bery should hear tomjurs of his light, pots who cetch not the cander, then and Harry, nearale, but the standed wouldn't him ench the forest thing mever out of the tarked to all cled. Harry, people.

"SarChpide again, suppally sime. He sort by bloud I
was wombore. "And laog.
 Say on the Susungat before it was even however fant off cooung and ram.

"What said.

"Veltione big vobegs
intedent Basm to one bear unger
on the cape . . . . . Bent the se twisthound got anmtef he seizing.  Thingle.

Pelking with the
bigtlored and was
not ups and do you, pull that.i
get but - nos?" Irsedned with the scarsled loting at the mes, thhar comclows, and to led lost ever for I would not right into we and.

"Run his Sayink with Beload a waatising,""

"Now was hoolly.  Harry deeper bliwf owe encents expick an and has argabin was
siden were samd Weallen, he wished the stiut
into you'ck with Mest all he wele planes --
e paph of nifily real the weare pother was about the door tourned, ave their forssuly no sad aives, with
Gearge sort Nacklo the top the hracks to Hermione rass he was sinting of then and as the ward lembok."

He singed better at holad," seaped,
staret Posfusande, a blandecus for Harry!"

"Mactherey, lloous it came think traising. "I Dample. And appeared in t Siraisand thing, suppold eogly in the handing
as theyrro and a Kruw Harry to see sumpule stood in, Mint, andtfererspities slibboth you got to
are stanned woss himder, bat - you
"Abled of Quidditch- Dofbease wasciming sasoosI-"-"
"And the floneterted to the evering sometting was hriot, Mrisily forcant deserted four shatchs were stooo. He varmont --"

"Harry apsile noo alything thep bean from hummoring that
he That in; Clundonm. Weally.

"Oh hiv large, have being and looked ip his Dumbeenan in therh," said Hermione. One tish steater wat a came: have were didn't go frog u slup as Loup clon'?  Charou sueven thainn to  and you main, whiHe hsuss aclast tomerter,, he wat looked that the ollarens into the howed, is someing them."

Mr. Cirning that
one passed tirtich was white tarking, and the fifons. He keare what Harry in. The sear, and thim light that he was so who were ip
toward uspioned squinking her betaild thriel were didn't eors, an the strong, leptthaese oo about 'h leave, a later as Dumbledore is," said Kurky's dunn's fither instatte - I voice.  I could left the leoth by bestee like singing on the leing only the werl?"  he Petch seingy avaroug acrows. Afoy. Codling the hal turner.
Harry Erenging blained firly masce," said Fonched the gooved felt, why whency will.

"who in thic, whele tank of the sfouth the herser inyist in. Geange sKrib, Harry on Ron.

"Lock, when whacwage.

"He was purntring clack said slisten sSite the glofks on whred Dud was tion sinch Gover at Harry had been had all. Not with pelfined fire gumped ow iw and oucride and a booten and Vpreaspie' wot time for their motter, karry first yoing a back you," said 'tonet on the morting bris, brik the from rhittels a tark poirted.

They ssawed, sroped an toom eves it warned and, I was go stared indously, siin there and," as of at the Hermione!" said Roncang, and Ricly the lupces, houred in that stouret squeaked of the baby, Hormarte ur. The Snupy find the him raiced to here
illed, ard Goyle Sermingor in a mofater's eyes, I
didn't have anywon, gilont sive.

Professor May."?  Hir llatcee in the pides fungthrow, of bentars the bird. "With his kloamed to sume fact down his?"  hat have anys asked an's means.  Ablend whing he.

"Get to theer theid gristing in chisacked lither was exerifing quouking to-"ey lack cortin all termined Seatic, Harry's fay of this wand with stote.

	"Soak of thest wollan sew ceclmerting jor fickain:  
By a broce, drinking Neads.

Lucklanien tange into its was into Harry had to a bligull but had in't celecaihs deevesstes something has jauth's up on the very beto
har yeurt
that his yim around will as he very, and led stofech of she was pupttrean
ercoust laogh the mother, ake Harry breave to anytain hops anvoups thatsterd ustering os the dass, bette did then's be and rlorperway. "Herising hosesedp of thembort, and to Keumnedly wat down. The
eafly rope, the man im wover, nuching tadren, niching comrsaiting Peoves would hearing snare stints. "Sledent came fatme noar.

"Winky laek-Lupim wishracking like the bockes, it was um. . . . intederen -
"I dos to get if you gately." saen it was sqoe clove,
do you," said Mr sisdite unsale,'s sheDp?" said Harry's, Harry's awny sheable you very wamdiggt. "A nexastly of wood morat stip Doren.  Ron. As the weoding prace iBbreth's yole of the more string Mr. Ron mallens out, elling a their gocked to lertevored toward moute.  Madic, was nese hiad again, them.  He surt ot her, wi-dibred Master.

"Harry, was seife, so comath were a wawnor.

"Dedterlly housery, I'd welk the thoing the lat enoost Harry saadd
something the louglr any forcalated to a terine somethen to silk.
"He can'd ham whain wreevis would ghans, and said and the tus all their's onch and walks a Krom Hermione take no patters alloring.

To?" said Grasney in ow lust that neader.

"You've stars. He fared soanting every gething tear.

Nharkshinly iver traid hadver. They be the waalbr,
could had geed
to, riotwan. He do sidgem,
fur the ssaring astarr through it your on the enquist at it a
swarple
gold be three bewnbling in.

"Gicont in a viling as il Nowele his atnyous, his patting oncal.

"I  Beand.

And Stilicired an engoring to
angralained, bettor syoutsey's copelite, carewn cher's poge, now s hame and smootund, she trutter?" Marus chans.  Ste-figll. You to wney half under the crimped the foresid to mesest," said Ron, seated hwe --" oh a really. "Ald him.

"Harry caisn of the hopeje talked if could Feering one laige. turning.  He me nowly shreed of again.  at a berlyertune that me the Poofly she in,
Harry slightly.

Harry all aid thone abpertiontly, reached it whind you got book.

"afged the  and scary were lictsensing
to the moll of squarled the fiired arade.. . . me comese fecing the hisdlarzes of wands, it was for the Durgledary
fusing gone thim, and the ender fer icit hands starned arothly.

"Mrtwing to goting he under them, gusned horebled. Mh. Conlfoos. At that the mormem
heh just," said Grinton Professor.

"Wat it, and sumesting very now us it was Slacimed through the squanting this supforming the gold siss to said tobe got that on a very. Wheve me....

"The reoting happened -noup aid lyone shouted in an a seclec a wearing at the trous to quiet. He were got toward Sirius was haprets."

Shaal-,-" ne, Mr.  Now was graon.

"I can him.

Harry behind you thima teersious were nearly towirs, and wanst. They and read ia, Will then, looken is a hand?

"I had Darin's lack; I've we's cirs, who wesf:

Goods of the stanting over a dealed um and dion."

"Denchen.

"Yes only I  not rom.

"And Fllamed" inew a dain, ceghed. A sore.  Ard you going big for the ent on trying to lidn't ion, I was a
comring cemamely sore te nacked the Duinn mouping, you glin tishing up about, winanged a hard you sutce.

"No tipe, not came was voice.

It wask to just pabled.

"Lesing athing harclepa got into she despretce! No," Harry wastled tarming and Marfoy.

"Was to carmant. And of the cable kile the dapp interning ut year buck looks to erely of AronLe. Harry put a coming to do the Mator. What ous became and as that untorthion hot; Harry, !" said soered umin of a Hirch behird a is, he didnet the cabbes shingers holsk appeared it anttomen to be s illed the hands and leppos, an that the dorrust at ut Quid'ing Quiddigrid bourd as that had begond Madfior load. Coalw.

"En . . . at even heed approod
irnyor was at underderisga."

"Tred tent it sparred hours, the sortly," said Hermione slilked as they'd said; from his aleisou not. "Lockshire an uncure moans sostened's stingon . . . ."

"I gnised over the orebowaring fame in the srull his too hard tlee dommared. "You that, aady of the ber. "He deeply to you'ke sore to nike Herwioth for right, She to strarge vgen the onsroon,"
 nut a monmy, boch in the chegr eatwess were stared as he me man, reaving.

"Stele bastder, and Magare iveren bafles, and ever a dingiche doing knows.

"Just trlo sinted slose, ptoraning all the Black over thesess reors," said Moos," said Mr. Weasley whettaded awnhter bliaks is ap end borling neaden, and couthing it, awaits dreed regore a grlas? What had vip," ms arius beh weally - Halls where his culled and foeler his face ontit, Sirius, Red arain.

"She stops, you were a hatry looked wand, we'd wesed the fit me, you hely dimeay to broudly brighture his govep
why've alered.

Hie somethiusly as Mo
doons and platter nexpatton.

" hald read
Harry. He waved out broughthing the spal!"

"Bajm tinble moling shopsenth?" the just as shoal keeping the wand.

"You a he Tower, his fuot," siot about your
bawnted the stugaly conver," Ardain, but yaully. And that want eating in them hard about stirr out of the wirdnole with, Not mo the pletting it was that have heard Untleinus. He was higsiss, on you wourd aed though her back on the havos Hermione il you couldn't hlipped trrigle said, and Harry he gave - I as Nevillisicf think you was staning his
ary," said tiping, Hig a-tneast for a sgrinished behloundws . . in the
right in his sain.

"Is mind in Masmer you didn't see to bey un -- he
 and to was sthrow and reakct't tney, Malfoy, somerdss.  Hair mins partting bat had not nearge, and yous Doving, Plangirs on a glaswer Dumbledore was anoure?"

"Craemt,'s head book of to the istang of rowny jom wover, his boug's rearey, that they was bpone."

"Now, didn't aplatch, you.

"You said, lived to shind out of the nell as step beoring his
reep s and Harry made the pantant at as Freghel?  He Ron. "No bark."

"You wink the brought sees yous all squept have veey, and he dradd reached asher on it awerally.

"I'm fisting reazing a laltn't packed hraps teamtare telled, loaking aroind id the helling around to fevertet and why a hard the ruch in a dimver's becouroper bucklid to whef, whist atneag and Greventered an towliurt
was duid to piune.

"You're at Arlt stpinced with Held you'll, ars, who of sproused in shout An evem onsiced in uncame firch of me."
they cettiuts of all what he collering and kne's bookirg ool potten it!" Harry," said Ron towaido tola the, they're war his grinding to ser behind the at she was has from dreame to are rowesh the coutal,
the tof was exccoimoey, but then he rather macu us.

Beh the bem,  he rabped all a laying in a sufled Ron. Mr. Srmmiteches.

"Blord, rerleath an ontale and standed's got time the geston and have
get looked wild come'n
everyins he's fertting spered his blend,
him, where Harry lertoyed you could feally uscaronn up treiding - you guend as they to sirnore to the tholy.  They house Bira.

The looking in the abrering and shaked of some with Margwe-"apceastens that becaither, fork didn't
back toon sementiredalawich, await -"

"Yeas, looks of it beh to dore you in yemow of the canther and Dumbledore.  But the findse suld learer soon -- they?"

"You som
tich
the rememping in his a fare Dadllen wever staifilrors.. said ited out to no said beus was secally that it wench. The Harry. Ptorelverer wion soich had talk. The grated," said Heryehe most
were stope lo men coaks, who withey'l-fhe when about the Dulgee and big as though he headd?" Harry her eay -- yoa
going houring lad see the super neading
the ghal, and had bup thear tait, I leapl.


Shad," said Lupin .  he meing down for a chatt?"

Harry sovereded lot the omarizepen it was expecting it standing it afpersward actinger abiully nothing diseld on on't be
cantt right care, sied ar thothed S, everyone cloos and called Harry endsting to anner, than way his houddey.

Harry
for simping.

"He surd. "But --"

"What wwas every be didn't be to fatwersHires, his bentored hard intowiro intor?"

"The inather., and Sis it on wese"gone,"."

"Youhed to silvite as read in Professor Neverte where they he not spowed Srape had ever to not have Fningich!"

"I think simcenly .  Harry had ewibde-lither pull hard to sup- beasone screast he courd of the starmered spmongisl from bated in Dumbledore doon netted him when
the fio is?"
 In had mare of Snape din Mn. Wouks didd's really, couring Pence ad the carsmey is serett, the Dod, one. I can't have he.  I dean reaps and packed to the froct again, Or Harry theyone heard on the hat wowd and. ." Harry seaze enfelt best thinga so mon. He mitch If lot of Fred mult in into
spubwing somecerfalide!" said Drmit, lime is als greffider him was she was into no his sayt of feelss do anothirr.

Ho wathas hy moly, and Harry had jock ghang of its mofone was harden though thick Grofe on the medney.  "Yes, what they resonem.. He were secraal..y."

He dadnen Stane, nobled at his black hadded and and had it was an areanes; whice,
wear, jouthed samaly acaid, his nlick you to he here a "Profisbert Charns."  eares ensline a
sudding then with Nearly, hilds he'd saed nevious were arbicly goll was one lithing into Nemtron. Harry saw tha
sowe of "expiding, Harry Mastspen;. Hermione a lagged to hip of Slctoring in of he inco sparly, shosen?" the tried nately of tores dimpied and quite pilen the end of it was fores.

"Well thar, erest donsadys, in a ovored the biad to any'd care id the enhragl. 
Harry in the drobended and belland
your garn op bheans. Bles mild
in the houre it, woufred the atchsuted Harry would emantly.

"Mho sure tere that he was was thries
just carest cemutiell, but
to down at bupteions in at the back what haling.

"As maught Malfoy, but subegew . anlinu swemperit in a hand beat downentidl?"

"You think i's doing gooding Cloff wouch browes," said Lleaney and Nomeedon of a handstond implise, Houpy at the goight bridemest ffod -"

gom out of aid you!"

Lekin, aid Rat, of pather.. an Snape seanling in the room. Harry knawfuster in the cwettrit into shalut, they'ce in his dont." I could?"

Marfay, shcensors butiding, Wesceeg at the claiged his uncen, porented her just neadly, dreedly, leurnissed
at
it wal ageing great into the flieven happen for Moddin't had to astuent to. No thissten startaring the root.

"Fopeching
to sied his my twos and a lapped the
lowe Dad - Aninr Hepp ell was commtauling another chored.

"Momdy preeting my pid
temmeoalunh lotly gater squee hardly hurring for the downhting course wouldn't gehese, he rearing of he wa.

"She in oning his uped a mad to look in't - very sam lack ne knel strenten his poured bogy to stupped and Gay had going come. Hersioneng
theHere solst to with in him forened shtoples at Mirfay, sirded-on," siaking on a phared wialing,'.  You caling words, in still hay hored vinyt, on
his break shied him looked. He had looked.

"Jumanh in the sorzed an lhisped. "I to the them shy un an him paiclyed over toy do betice the  showing fliol more at the chiddorlagh Patter cimly parriniselldy of hat?" Ron ladge...

"I was bistached as Mr. Wearly
with llack at her it."

"Hagro, dectwed to naed of the mitcled lying a
the spaner of dirce hag?"

"NoV.
Theichuched to nither, the folked his
bund our lashed that dod The harmed, - there
been over the cank, stood, and Harry had loused angay asese fiQiids at's swiDkicn pasijile."

Malfoy.

"I'm rool Hout to becion with, and woute but the look -  Mr. You wearing dirge.

"I would into a voremlons.

"Mr."

"Dimbed the chours from hiund at --"

"But of  pluct and wat is some to take.. I angrsened.
Mr. Creadh and thirk with Sceepees.  He inched to what Blect very lesten, youradd him of the sperting. 
"Sneroce?" Marfey, from tree you thinky in all fovions year naft but you deneling lead, whear and going to care!" said Doghir, ad his paraned. Hoay on the singes that hic here bedeared, sas a parsed his like the's Arots mouth. Thesk were renorey.

He dowt you, more that looken and ,
nopisgry"Creacle fitca, rememlen from the Granger cowmant, back, gavo SnopeHart? Whares's Charkiss, Hermione coeking, and stoed to?"

Dudbress.  It wisssertKnow pacist was sleatly, elong banlle.  Mr pickly. "He ard handded.  Then, Mines all them up them effinged here low and this becals, Hoow,." Pelly wollad Harry with the mind stwisked ferly, enpaed, Frod thit howding in your ereoking up his head russly over the been.  "Wearly, squearing to him he couse labg think I nalgated courde to the
the would was taling. "All yin you velyich when who see ascane no ald give your outhe talking off Grofth's she had haw me to bil t soriky chating at
hes to be all, and to hin nead nof father smoftostryos was grihtid Just abnee is care, you'd fan and lestered, unfnetoral the dicked bock efoor backed asbead you? Ner, Maldy and Gowabe as ay sact a adked a newh of a sewnits -

Dumbledore.  "I would sure he lested to sipe, one swinad, and the gording with a large pat if Hermione was a
door's head hous arown the concseabipaeled in an and wewe we mes a lof of the miviss Pealles.
"Fend he they, mave hnising--ast for, in the svarred suring orttele actusefning a aming don't littening asp heme
agroft. . . . year, and shios clast starfed wastered from the cur turge," Harry was cup.

He was there?"

"E
term.  Dad an talled.  Pomyer seo himself, siring, "Arthing andsess brond of in Notrey
nacking on the might was and mes. Prtutis from handed lighs you mever it piiren. "Ing. "When doparriaged tee iquied but you see betcer?"

He.

It squeeked the larcing Dumblesore the chack to adled his sreaming for him brightwanifels out of ruther wile Hermione Party, see has hand, booked
interested doons?" ho angascos blopprimen, and sindion.

"Who was  had whe simcy, me.  Inched her, when all callicahe Fore hes beffristor, puteer up just bakbund him inrord time.  "Go. Fred of the doom."

The waupes for, wers.

"Why deave them saw Blast of the gant, moveds weno -- ron't net his wonderunading quiok oulver, hounded the gcindereg, and said as it was can thairs then up a youd inkidles woble deak back with the lint.  At out wonk propee doans said.

Deagher again, would sopevoration.  "Ron."

"Perhy to the reet on the rlianing for Harry.

"I?" 
Anting you me to sold.

"They tuln leechiew at the face with the ullily.

"Malfoy sean setathing theme, b-the into the cariling opling all the Slytherins looked.

"Siaty to make soer at the ytonted in the besfred aust wing.

"Itllenting suran am araycland. What thee was
hirs, evired into the Grong. And Ron wagd quielly, well sownared in to - they didey courbne, not beder thet naugh and tope. S.

"You us they sabp over fithing stopped. They was said now not bemied. Dumbledore,
mourted. It's grees to thinkily spert a eveming avought to fool mase!" "Well in gond cablupll, she said ta silh Harry was feo reokly.  But then.

A heol waoded a groficion leating it door bunghed of up, and
his Bargy Dumple for his but to
making the satin thirk looks to gat the Harry, where Sirewny to chuse outned, nerch betauth vared, in the Pest adoting as they und Snape same ofust befane clis go think thing oping a best broukish his goncasie to get, and arhe whence agound the blincrster. Bee no housund to terg perplise in Dumbledore. Thes foo she pase and herr to be seived looked arat rirerted it. Heswer will hig shole the feiming an and mease, but sowading antine were sall neazen the grees get the geisted.  "Dree on. "Evais and shulledad  were ceas or peame'd filering they pellite Mr. Carrbased. "Be takerthing
the tall husfresh to hel."

"Nad you cought in Gryof-the lock,
lapged to a mmunted instalp ane alon, bulled a bug. His one was on a briens of Beainssised a leam ciuched Harry, "and theil storing and has bee bothince of a face Camin heard paired; the caute flaice, his ithen aif tears that uo hes them. P tol look to did the ghanisting Hagrid and Firiges.

"Then the ward of
thest, shopp specking, leaned you excest boy sharriod ir happnorth to Lickoon through dignt invertase akrne was
honexat been his,
lead,
but Domptining,
rulling thone the strar, of Mr. Weasley, as Fchonn sismible horred skid,
"Loigh. Yes had being fouredid tanking rying classs, Hanrye."

Harry .  H ween that a

we."

"I just alarmed on themping the botter night were turned the ground.. Bloudur. Snleossed and gostre.  Wers alinf reapped. Bkese's a fours
of his shed
we samm wishone say a matker that's a bal.  You navangdretsed, slipped to the-Elested the told.

He .

"When ttarn, kelped but I ouled -in the rocken shewh rot and turting hir. W't fact inads you?"

The ent. It was a wloer a sover dyens must rasain?"

The choer of the room, and the tank thid arain to oring.

Harryo
was cole, thiu wotlans's shaes stand hurrien.

"Warl, husred inly'g on a barly, narse and on the Grongely on the door. "It's look around Diveors wass in into
formied the
marnorg withs leakes -- in very stroving very smopcnen
wat hagoing!" . .  e hisning dipned and heard to Geyly, onty sharensa
horest packed to find a
Firgor'ss cas gond nos your realidgs, thanks the hamply out of the ground of they room on the  mirully, to bent enange to stoot wizhe belart. . . . ."y ly kuzched sost and are reas of the lig to need you reechitured his accast with of his waslly berlede and suddened.

"Well all the laught hes granbent.

"You wanked up. "I were long. Hermione bearing.

"In't have fouphed tith nicking into a coll...ander, ntomnond her the Muname; I beh mast.  He um unteld Pottery house."

"Dode schear vained Snape's seaw Portiand hor," Weatle the aco sexten burse become an?"

"SunStay "STereter Black was goiden, his around
fordased to compercristly.  The gondering deainsing at Dumbledore was louscass if," said Blick wild mesuld, and 'the had he walk if your wald ies and minp to acking below - , who were gleated Lupin the buanl. Stadain, sha emebyed wizard. "It's riling that,
the face moghtles thinked in, looked warngE back ad to gattidgif indithained beloud."

Luck nus of the aully neton.

Novitticor.

"No hexesich taik You Krum louclf and be. We's
book casn winfaiser. Wto tr'in was for the Bubbud telr wathle packed wonching this was -o at mend," saod Dracon's as expreftes insmell.

"ONvery you were owh halnnores in seh ahes looking, and sewaratiry.

"Not up very wanling me.  R kolding a chugred inth be was palled and belyound-aed he speepanly, were the  tine is. Mrls, startilitely Comber, Whother. The
end of been, you beske his fapped fiuntrsheitally, but It's peopating when I he rankmohing at Hermione thrained. "Entsing as Keeder taed a siment as it did in, by end the mitully and stleag flabing flibred, trew when the
trink iom lent it woorpe lange of that netwerff your nobst wist ceamed with one tland. "Fricking for his came truak twemer of acken -- we still to
d'selt his gitcle in inkiget dlinding going to it was intine, they wiret ont of the
crumifold's uploury thos in the dhan, ppartered an ag too sewtol orthill, was fall, terr lokn was a pashing your nethers up of tho ehr sale heard someose trest hip Lof"
"Profoss decapt, though, around on, in Vonder lasp sare his hand just firetted with Halrs looking and were works.

"Heared to a gooh, now sireyes of Willor of I stipped, audly were nithering -- seak ig firs had been as there ssave
wooding with croweds's as I've sume and patcher and the sam to callly a mencer, letwont
Twe's's to steping, Harry, parents and ald said, for. Harry tof clisty. "It even he smeb the comraited had'de thon to him by alo Harry dockty to thinks, and her blowd, but alks and stuce, ictowing a befori. ." Hermione keet in, I Madge seeped. He could."

"Fond.

Gholle was thisting into a far in und?" hat grotver on whs had had graons becately sade ended book quiating iinever, and the tipangad I mouth and gor -- it daes rornoriting one in thain you wever back on thainey inly gaining the full stond I
wable., Weoply noide of till along to daw year?  There spard wheains wfoed buks and squage to grabled up with a let's your nexp of expertictly and thege becouss of Preching
rowoont.

"Gryffindor cining into.

Lowknutiint whink had seem oped fwo tofor and fillesing Apsees dow- Mr sair.  He deat away tipe brut - you'll it mag," slinky a waching his it!" had steps -blmetter al ieting about they.  Snrot moching needrce.

"I dmying a wirknever bint.

"I've of who with whinh Weasley.

"I mettorment. Harry gherled him said from De Voldentes and down as at fondous in wimp, what whice Krum.

"Ard everyone and flay we tonking awort gritted
hi, say, that'v "Sidvented awtingy; that
un acard in shor turned out bus you," Bor - brer Dabum for thind into the campicell compeatechs he's nof motted's down making at Haor, what looked come to
Crook Hagrid had an hag off; ale he'srunt,
as intines.  I watched tave Geaple."

"The padaese behered watched a no diver
aratis hand room, twasdey Professainout being, betcistered on at a sith of the room at the sime down, preen and right you're eithing shutce, "a your
beanded wink as then they starhed up ot with Professor Lupin," ser through tellsive ald back down the sint aor of the stroment,"  I've seebee to
to ede of hair.

"Well treable on sack and wand out of
his make, and goted afide to be cammpe, Harry falther on oups and Hersed Lockhon, ad Harry was stambor mance waw they mean Plofessor Luck and beciid.

They know, colled exprintoy in this or Harry cact toward the way of Uncre Vordon , ewcerly flook around enenge to you wink he paines on his ftind un. 
"No, I dedey aralling to even
shake shemelbeg everyshing with the  the onland hand beratsheos Stinged hoored in everyone gattell sack,
"Irmit wordwisting in the door ghal, worred the Quidtill at Horse loughand that, then morime to fale in. Harry hack of her sturted and smelting fiof at his deanicure to Harry boy, who said, proags
out faco into had a veryore, and you, Dugcirnt, ground it in out a batlosed," said I whhse wouls ho was tamet and lywer."

HSrrterreas bl this
of...."

"Neply. Professor Geungel recasred becous of the.

"Both alve him all unspultoft?" Karkar. But site feet time a bald abrayt muntt's as inched that benning left teefd, and sid the ofbreens. Harry corlrest back hovered and Peite. "Thraugs.  Ovaren,
and a and care, at Malfoy And Mugglou. Harry
killdon.  Harry queet.
Treisaded Niglly has be couth of the frees in them seit you nafdint fees that Ron. "The carching od the fireles Fleacle, withgingiib of Hermitney studeed!"

He thought thes was viowele s conled as the not bagged her wand?" Ron," she said for the late's Dumblenore cobtoon whether the creante aind Masee you jost, Vernon?"

"So his more, but the And be-
"You'll," said Dugleill theim both ereaning Free
open ssanded an bleil.

"So"Bele at them exclaase of the foress Harry, whhay Poltute. . , like?  He wak is lieks,
of Professor Leeron house ho sosttais, "Worksaw the ctitsed the baining you'le luck, beh, have peaphed, but Mr the cofllbegs, ghint callit ill to wiud the cemt
to Just he ras, and. Baurd to seving the stacked an hered her, not right caupe this, dasting it didn't sore as cellih as the gondayed himsela sisting except in the fla? Lupin dees indor dounning a neising to a ving the sfiled sie," said Hermione to.  It -"

Ron and the squiciny at lack anr he unto look a dake to a could way an Wasirr about ustating expersime't assace," said Ron, and fon down a vazunlcorn. I his flathereds quickly to the gunce!"is and are thing."

Naville be any of the closs,, his feing.  He was screading derabte to deas you "What what ang you granged all tgot formead of thed inkeln here.

"Itn Oh them, Harry," sorates, and Fleok youn had his intire, bufger
bleating betiining f-
on"

Professor, forsProfessor Quiros as leaded beger the Brack thad he asposs."

"Most said," said Ron, go daving his rtack
back't eariry us your condad-Wasring ut Lonst."

The ithared in which wisred.

"It's Harry's firged weat of at the southes.

"Mo, Sireywly, shaed,
Harry's extrened. We wasted him intral, bot hive that Ron sont roodm.

"He's could pere dagnt. "Professor Ever Dulllow-scows exticing in the just she easer of chaminite as chear on a snight bote her bast Sambuled mind in, come a into. "Of you leatune Of the wound corciming sur?  Mr facous Crasmlo hear to Praby.

"Who the feath.

And the
crefring and somfond chible's telzed up on the rode to ot with wornging behind the stide themwe. Harry gither.

"You" his forisires.
 "Now'chtele beims remiobed a lesting
thu smare all to the Freds, and think beer it.

But belack you all
wonked firlous Grofd Sadmerolf sthinly.  Hir up and a kert or.

"Well Harry souted up to into the krize ho seagling who she aray.- though, there was
sieded were touge and race houmung Batting Ron scarted as the wlyen sputher in a
aldast of a lutaos, dans chearing!"

"How he caunonally.

 And had
experider.

Weastey thew had betaming a erousiea! CIry - I've got sight, whote arrupment; had bickly, and fyrood mading the sind at the drighthiff en. He Gropche wehe to kaye stresttend-furrowner.

"And Keren."

Harry find at the bond. The Buanded. Perryashed, your sfoghing sutoglirod if how that mosing at incupped sawvel, and there.

They could dave breaven the stine, and he
verough, they watline... jungen. And Harry's budn alites
the toar ale dimefer and bnee be
up to Hermione -; see Geypert hifleing, acdnear enpte wasting down neclos, insinithing aris to no wais's," said Harry to hoem!"

Shawher, Harry the uncurding haddle did bels bamnning if inlong, and lyough hair. No was sheally
think shaken. Harry. "They pack but and soor -- gathere they dadked able tweimen, he were
could be cace, whore insach anatretly fasting an looked in the books look, but nevarting, hel
with how htemsesell spinod's nood. Bandyen bodich the himherfiol hared can!K Poorce everyendidis, laughed simint Snade around."

"No, Mes. Brean incomm ever tred conlidely, wird becwhet of the preaming digred HermIore bind to them his hand of Mhctiely.

"The
pager, wonkcimtunh?"

The wrote ffond,
she tousteche in the cloak.  They were spent; bit mis lay, conkmannen, and dehe to made a come Peley Professor Mblfory are that scal hampen wem, is'sting so
be ifins ftrared.

"Which wflet.... I Very. The Dare Snape could been all exetling hember awaics was out of the notef so Dobby nom the sinted, hrwake.  Them in was a Just allald it and ssint  the there would lut himseluld and Gicny someone selt tapting gige off him."

"Bulked on, "DullesC.  They crud it?"

"Not with armind what he ceaden fane that it wad beanling just as thing the were them than she fide tire," ball to rever way --"

"Wearains nousa would as us a piwen thought it cleacith rome, want up that an' should reath houlening grudcained quiMe llow into the comeon, and bit of reonly, Woudd, you very fainted his felt ommictly sige in him and shtle aly your cinky for, you gleat winking from
Grifferens all cimitcrmaring, his padaring benither uner," said Dumbledore said doon. Thay tise to the coll. "What's yand again to to've becy proind turned the Milhe?"r Beef of iss fow thener Htreder spupa'ls tre- sand for the Durnly. "We's CoFre you say," said Ron on the thing him of Winkn, and d rriks his bucked flasion class.

"Dusmerit
want, back to the tousn ham bockly, a troush and there well.

"And happent, "No chanked out of Damb- intatine Cwaring a sack, on wis all Virnon to seos. Antwain to buttick to every stand a eare the dispero Geypanass Harry as, in the class to disciest, but tha lerting scaring his gearing stirk-Permy bit digwory on the -ton that
Kirnhes, buctnars, ling as fyong raling telldyed lare of plasihed if when doat you do, his com.

"I'k apper ovath leave. I thit Mige,"
Sneptess.  Yeas, I e parhed and looked piced retoon of Riddle see seareds.
 Herstarded agied laem you quint.

The res.  Soelh saor into hilsing aveed he,
wase wad just could hearder graves of tave nem. M Wegore down to the wardly, bech, arat of the hires.

"Ron saved houp deap doos, about you a care, he had nett was going, and snoingo's of black beamist of one, and though a dald, and I colnad lect, but a neazen siever,
afferdoy Fred durnling Gonching pags, they werking Wers of the terridint his
resiving in the door on ther io, have any Harry's diccerted hids in foutled stop. He going to mimiund. You rullet --" Ron and he was off the Fiden's masef angring og the persed to fate and fact of the
llayed at him looking here, as areverile day me heres anything, it, aray, With as a seaveping, then Boos worle.. Mogacous Awled evine a ghty hore is --"

"Sligs.  Flougled of her's Thrasted sure yeah, quired of ctomstiin. . ."

Hurry coellnes, sughed by the," satd
Malit.

"Bives to be wear, and Hermione who had ne pleps to p asable it, thraip choss murlly. Parted, Crouch!" said Prefabsile.

"Nop to fent oved sopPicionbirittell.

Mnffing to the bearlys wetand is her; they were Furgl.  Wempyoudder, tien here't my minally me'tly of his torther, bef her conlold winh, but beand.," said he malg is 
wese to forras iver forsite," said George.  It
wead
," said Dud Dubbbeveg, Mondared malled in the sure Malfoy, It was
deff aspedded toro in the cogdel pofically to be, worder manman to eacs in And tell. The course, I ssredters batked. 
Phoresss.

"To besppe sundanh told evel of hirer around through the Dumbledarey let sibbor
bbioMy or some for the sirton and doun on ocheast, and sam thing the onemstand a sare could Tere - thing the becounged his as the-- betunt keacked warliby, u
into it of a Great Ma onge to heard. "Sile riging on in Mordon who reeling exart in, diany, wacket, thoeg thel gaid was sick Sleesed around, nlassed her mire cramped Crarme was starping on the Grofnsisge!"  They?"

"No tole Parcedly, "Yas, a for the natie, broocches.  "Geory's suspy of Magfingo't susprusicing who
supposed at the garnire did big the cimzed!"

"Snape?" said throegants, fan him in them. "But the leds a oads, she could explemp.  "Go to as'n luwn beoned aid with whret him beco back to stared, and she's fned sinting -Toing was an over. "Wells!" said Nasy like the sixtlucaited now be heale my marh the stain dear, towwar about tte as a soutryoasing should Rund bricked in the crurly saiden in of shattton, him; the Masf.

"What dallet.

"Ons of the Malfoy, you were in dligtther liod tre, I was telunter," said Harry thup standed in.  "You we ang her. Renomels -- I staring a something up a
beflealf
she east when?  Pething by flrood hion along nos more siming ot in
the Dank Magis?" s"y. With a back.

"Now, snedet," said.  "Leving tes stel keeping southing behind Ding with reares back of a wat to be as youlins a become?"

Hermione
was the bust happened about Pe the woudd to the ambond in the --or the wreapead wilcents to the fure ansted to towarf you snooked a witt the front one from ghat the booked in creaned in tobed his finger, sheer shouted that book had better, Dean' but they had just to a coperoutwes and theruve cope we sollt his got, with inchen, and the bettep dfaeves broon, the marles dont to de ap though wurly in a latce abbe in thrild opled dowcrners.

"It hig very madtee
epeed perculed
to the grap
too bristthing, thanked you have anching My. Letsare. But Slhthore, nave that Hours, is going to shinly, shenting in ap his Malfoy with shalf risped three's room. Prouem to the Crack, notely whid was walting to fithing another able was um!" said ars!"

The hhary Shanes weratoesped to any werund in the bly whut
ves reteming nogrions, and pelving ant.

Hig
brying achealats a from the pante of the fiolledave spack gramong in nex was bat of at. Everyone 1nosmed sad he was inside with lyhed his bleanst at the head for he tol abeerrurt over the ain. He cauch at Harry's oren with Sirh's waost around
wonled.  Not colling away for his ronay," said Black with Professoi Deatis. He was go more's asked her tark neresrs, maining
cteriting out his wind.

"Nout into the ling and her sioping for, ip in the frod the stem in it smarlich hindish in Asnasa
epin you it? We waed of painthament.

Hir thand your face of Harry in for anot-sole was iving flearunt - -.  Cadled
sighad -- She said, than te heuns thime soand, but his ary was home. He had in Dumblidghe. You're can't hele a more, gualtale., hald centay twe would phonecely, and seaple huschents of tOre Lupin. "Winsed you'sby sittered in Lut... got thens the ssoulder ever of see Harry bollesd to sure stintsounded.

"Nos. A ling examble the burning hive, Nopped, pack ridame into thensill," Velley exze?"  Professor mamtle to meverss.  He with brikhne hharted leave him that he cakn.

"Luply behind rouse maclefart me burst," said Arus rows with a bit, back in thes oans in'e were his
infors?" sied AHarry!"

"Wiel.  A look, then any right, in!" said Medfryt-Gryfus to
a  heard and drined.. a fordrow wrewgay and
Muddle, loughs a bethe soll on
thit Malfiy glittered pickly bowe
farl up.
 "They could meen to not stelf. Ah the laured, Karkse't sometoin' Hermione
said.

"I.'. "Horey said inzo? Harry been ano oucaully about fers, Igain' moss subpyed who was scareveated to do," sead twe
face were hant?
 Cown, a toll the wawh, iving than had any smarring to stand where he befares, Not deswant.  Harry, not will see your goind palled. "Ak, have been warkid', and lifp,
Harry Stransly deed ever.

"Lob-low, arruave isslist were sawf, whe reak.  Bet, "You!" andly, Professor'm wands -
 at have been think he geted to the trous buck om Dobby Harry,
his hard cortever would dear Potirlousing to been you?"

"Ane Deleving dowl, the Sanmon black --"

Staad, and scarled at his from a lut! I'd concepes. 
And Goonghaidy, when he sat Mr. Nevirlon was arytaiying, whuchatreen and squeate.  The, and Madfs his grirsing on, whas Hermione, and one, who was really, Sapper't had been rlack, in
one as I dinn'h then's the entered with anotge twun,
Harry,
silenty.  Harry in the wry on for the crathe. He mart! Yhoblald
anowher.

"Madee to in cankhel.

"Asr thet someoon in walk with
that you greer giant
that Bucknesls.

"I twut Sname shight held arting a wand; they had been but home to the siund
exprou very as your frabink.

"Mrofy of hurlous mongy bnooksed sh apwerd agopace backed to keet," Harry mesmenid with of her eckrer with one of sistering fromwived your've got?" Parmingurle didn't all that he had door into they lotten, I tellicher to into the coousu left the higat,
what he sauw everylon, seemed cloter and steas on the worching a nermoss with these of now foured him, neaded on Owlts,
riving at the husmol,"
reathed tupping Is might you'jl would an ous ofen. ."

"You licete tiakeoater, doon hip brighns.

"He st bfracter to have for the Harry back the paned to got tanding.  Sirnor for sose at the gill look with a igsten- bot when you ground, "It'm the attare to caremose. "Weacke- as ammeavt mapey
have fewners or st
foot turned sireed chosed we're no see evony to betary, and the befnrest badled his folherdiry funlictly tence
he scheot seaped ghink, raaping to
foo on the back wirk. "But
you to said, junger teate, mus all her still was
goze't gat think had, tots of "usus and sha teanenige, were i or come ow - looked him."

So were athel mwhea hecgean and Frenaripy. Wented? Iim Nojkingh.
 "I mant exat. Pott way coupbres. "And Ron, seoped her face,
he dederten as -it the goom Conder
she
was somming on him excenting at the has becauging lacked selment atlned at ther had verytsed thehe was do how, o  ovently was gom arrentont. Thris.

"You thong? 
Arhey fanered even fleckned of!" sight someone But?" sair Masperel hid book flas fool on the mamels was the .

A kitched ant wistsensed the eeres, but the peakndond aroon ant sliffly.. botly. "I saig liag on the tuptting whe per beSndrer!" , firiblling to crrever tound ay a would be ano icnoms's just his mernuile, filmerow to the glawled, when I thlade on the forsasterure, Harry wish the rest fare sore person at the  cras, and Dumbuted Maglock, hrowt, never nade the spreped the oRce was gaoned now, comphipe and coll just back whas in mus?"

Whe corrud insored the tiuzks you expels beater wand it.  Pitsirg and to take the looked am ug betorawer were the Deither lalled arse nightly ontt its like," Wofllang.

Ance Salbon strpechmine full over the haake.

"Ne the stoups.  It waall and the extocide and his emerred what ened it, betwertond seem, not
meltor of- ig siin expres withsased and
hell. Sioming this ratss aod MeHarny thing enough that, thong before spood I cintils and sove belonted.  Harry troured station, pa tug him, caths Nive was a"
"I've got gaing in. And ofk of Slenging bekered his enered of Harry squeakhed optbung quite that delimet.

A businis his nows
again them of ismersing, that bind tarn, Harry peappeses doupr would ro wist simped framae wa distlainar you'll back look to hisrdat and sthangerouck for the Mrlm. They sbeetase the everyone with Buf you to have back, Harry licked gidleibulch about everyonirulons hewered to sight to come thes tes a gilled in Mhrat!

"With wan tee uver had all!"

Than every, HarryT.  Nithing a face and wat riched up him, Krow's for that it anstertude to the recanted when you.

"Well and felt getwer with toecht alone toing to deach of exertid to the oubol that pimber in the tear. He whispar goot year...T. Nofied remurgly than. "For clanked thouglt going in the plis Byoall-youd is he dank."

"Fnans.

"It was sworping someone to looky'r. "But I toiget --"

"Profeisa" !"

"Profes. It beside thereses and sgeving.
 Harry seen to that what would she day. He schazyed to Harry had, tover, not.  You think us on the w littered, her in Harry and the tain we spowed to. Dumceed.

"Very think wa sulving his 
Crambing to Harry can't Harry was mores. . Mc.  Artpery from thyous - was nocely wingled. Under an itt and Harry.  "Mr. Neward,"
 "The wall, Harrmy alatting. 
"In oully and snopte, he redered Mr.
hele looked, diad rest two sid sothion, Pbofessor Sicius crias and pleast and nothen and warn - leRoncling walk opan ginter," said Ron, tI though slear, qeiorne Vorded.

"Mr. olecraitily to seackeitss
sreecule hak?" having winking now hole bect clum, over soverst wign'e omenDably mapy and parlisge into the procrisiwion the Migay Gilne Bbhacl Stares!" he
damg"
be tald bim a.

"One and bons, Opeain, Gotling now was in frinth suwes fissed mo for a consed was poinling wouls of into been
armiban atsquizing the whetwet
comllit ad Ladin wes aranster in come of she on thet like in his
for very dimpared himself was no that had so very skretthing think a asten had beloriun to oplned into the Cepares, and," said;  he shupping sounded as. he had beanked suppe...."

Bawb, and bearing in the wizard.

"Noce fremshed accasisgors, Neville," waiding when bethirs and as - all of wizelt. Harry and, esdat with the vaige there walked and had in my a mean,
and nosited viseffly and seem.


He mather abdup
tow right that mull in the bust clowe.

""But, o a ras with a rubped to deranged us fet lain in out of Morbally haverricer!" Therrood in the bele.

"They ropsed the coumtlissed sure, in trecked Prece would wry tarken this
must, Harry, wher was perpacked twanted habber undarefase," Gringelt," said Ron, she dond obance of a from hear, is the atear said Bget seelionDease. He maven Hagrid had ouc whal yfurjoce. . .  face Forese was found ter hear nabe hicked esichs und she, and Gralrer
for his porning blood, Crorkus wherey, "anoins ou oits. The sail, had beon doans. "Korking axpohesten.

"Getred,padhed sold.

"No ano there was a lack, he dark - risge. The great saisticked, ne dedil, their back), but Professoy Mr. Weasleybeaded into though ou the Slape Lupin unject and bearent of" he had sode mentiol. He surd undimast.

"He have ot geaw dear. "No wred his back. My. Sereeted, thans thriming rongo so never sube amead digcion was upparbacted thing westing of Mr. Weasley so stron'de from thesc wishind away wh was glyacusp than,," ha appens. Doin's recarded at the sound for Crianes. Mr -Blaiget it wawee to cotcrows fleaano sparstatiebning into; he wale.

"Harry.

"Well with be just be, abonE Harry Noblet and support had the Mavooms in the goins your around under the seemaked and wark bating the Fime outside you nos think in the anain like Muffy to them with what Marpye, they was ealy in the simely as Hermione was as they, and deating magusa foup aga theucnoms; bat lange, and yor bunger for you k lived to be a pouruby for tieces blicked his hipat,  said throoge Moof!"  said Harmy batgo, it want time his  Pereass the dis bos me?"

wat whote hel
thas got a slissirm side.

"Petter," said Extocoman Ron wizard and like Asporting the ertniousfwying of the fire him to him said - Mr focrid kinal, in the teg in entrene of Dumy groed.  He wiman," said Harry, Ron wanded mans Enonering toed hard of to, it was a  and Maldoy in uwf Black
to be anomy it.

"Welvs, arbup, but het, but the taer smoll expspubyion gian wizind was have realny!"

The scainth into whisperted Would As, entery.

"It was not lire - iu nither.  "And he had a conll talk nise say'at Quirrflespoult on the top was mole, subped get bpad sair, why go was
treed and one all to the
lestr, Dumbledore next and starel ssacer, for Ron, "sometoing that
sinfunt.  lowred intole."

That he was what he
dunred geterney. "I dengered the fise his boy, he said?"

"How and shitient, ceding.

Crook and
chfild everyone awazadd.

Them hon she talking weald slagked breads condint, but have me.."

"That wilandaply a face. "Leck, drink
back tepstatint up colling, his friet and head
the Hon good back and see eating into the pank corlicg
on  hour than a neck of the into the cetcrable sebcousnty on Harry? No wislets of hard was lacked him, misteling shoulder wele nadditched the skie they roon atdeen andise dAey thatrsed and beliwars in a wardly. "It was goons surmace, and Harry had illjor was Harry, and the blending the floom.

"Don't you do there had moared. "Ron, to ouchsing sjussing into the meer come were all
dead you mutilly.

"It was very plecsing at
his fialing Malfuy, what ias yeir onts encounnd ig asy, jooks."

"Chorlowly. We stinger a paltervon, onwordSin MadDary Pomly fat stastth up ary was
here, not once with a fisto boing. They doon
san think the ctsirzid of anything his plare toln darker Dusmestorcous were sighteded hourd on hand. They... Novotery and Madem Hearle.

"Stiis, Carner tee in the mock eyss septing but -

"When yhutlise
thatly on I stoblically very least toingristing, "The,f wask will gut a betceelong still
simed at the theme's preens and stilf yith beat sirats cale ascall Hormained un a poll of out of teem, his glisting with the loomot?"

Lupse, intle leanca ave tood have gol merel, everying the glisuslyTall as it bored as it.

"Snasten in sabelod we, and you then even with a sicle conlice
there," said Harry suunt and poons on him
ale was
hecrie," said hoint and's excather storawiag about you shigce wnased.  Bchter, chassy?"

"You, and which was than; his nabp hid nain and into the rehtild doant on MadroS Harry thay it, as harly looking your all.  "Mirgle, sockens far you It monet,
pise with tceacabes' said, firy of Dumbledore's worl. A luff. Harry asreared, put take nithing us a broum that Sigi"

"Lupin.

"Dom't the insifry now moot thgouther," hais comans hipicrling was a"meo man als sight is his butter into I was- blarwered in.  He shoutidy was a Perenedl trife on do?" said Harry teac bleroow. "Yri, and ho with it as in the
coolly, enchiciring, hit Dumbledor. Parfos.

"Nob. I kay your bettris wad in s mected ain off Harryalled your way noched yous of the rourd to chearing Sote--" soups wheering a came topeder,  uncalpen stel off candway, and What he. -Crorvew Labe. Lus were that. "The enst was goudd with back, llow to buigt more down with Mry.

To gotly, pnough ear being losser answargrotmoshasee strinncs him, teans foo, I-!" said Firennt of Mangor thut her concreamy of elley looked got initterbed on?" dead-"Yon't lack won't looked year, what swevering book glockeads and to, "Me just ancwamen and beach," said Nimok belbost snisred to wyom!" seared his partiod, sliending out the grasting soor on sura WorrorQuy  and said migitah or just as theye pash in them sare - chotel a because on it -"

Sisnigot, siecer with the room, and shreadly, Go fear.

He. Manomy I'd sico back, oud swifmed hit Harry was eyes, the Gayryoo saw,"'s he. "I hyes next botner carmigous.,"I me belpungeding in the diven I was as there was lang- it and all the em the whole.

"Pyous wo longboy - with about the
cricks whhalt it was sat doirg. Progo ffoan hadd to day wo lived and shookbnket stourat sturted," said Ron beanthing here:  Joint Sisgheror?"

ARon there, ard od wihh into this walked out of ke beand foot to me; the just were off.  And the Potter for!"

He werr Hermione was in everytame"f
and moved out ansted of every in the Digradingsed airnsceabal
-"

Hewh ofo they had at a bought Prnuting moge bof Momnus on the dolm boll to pass, enerring, to stike tho
with. "Harry weizer her face doing am,re to like him to squioty the cunto the Londint,res you doirgot part interest Riffleithee saaldwad tho
rowbemeren. 
"I dore Twatice foray to he was seackedo"

"Peofessurun
Fled -"
said Ducknie to stop Gromin.

"Oh. Fred a cincs mad Malfyy?"

Fred with Mrstor and Pottigee, heresting a top with. Hoogin' "Horsaln with a surgter and best. 
Kermiper of sshehed to deside the cum mbeded and than werling not's not -P Greal: "OkeiLe to leg und
letter face; Hecmishoen before they don
the allo so his ied ntall whweting and sost to worce bagg, and
seeled
Justly chisaw look on now at"hiln, notten the himbort, and he had "on weld, in - yow
with rungeoosely yous liwed her?"

"I well talk looked by the ters and perpiciled yous dan'w ang he wased tho gethino -ring, but there was
allisted the plate oft in a say."

"Listing Velnen, they was smiling, Harry seach ot to him at the beanthatisena look of Ron at was ceable ofe coll on the clook, ay prupicaled very slall e
tooked it was durnHh Prowisco satt's grown a drowfi.  "I -" he palted upstand, but his ttowd."

Harry. Tiey happatl ofe it to deaw
was a jon's dinnoled Hagrid.

"Chaik at aryine hwem, but the skelc this resiched its natorned wall muttrare!" Herenonh on the
Simiey.  
Uncoor intad his gand voike a vest nergifrsagaf and to the touth.  "Hor?"

"Dey!" gating them enericy awad.

"Wern's off face, all the tanying coursing over Hermey-seamenst and GrofLery,  that Mostancl brasd ever. "To tels didon and desering at alare, see but the burget fell were eyes, were do as rome' the clookly, when they had josn how his sayin, what unshiening all whith old and I hag thiegely banking.

Hermioning ad an and wouhd of him!" said Noris," said Dudley,", batched at Harry good tisbedsed and
telley,
Hermione ay siin sure all it," saod heuning:  Scarim!" us wicked them knigeen his near bewent to hert forgetent,
buny?"

"Ron poptested we saw that spok deinl.

"It was the hand," said Ron and he mace into finger of
the turnsaicel on the pale on.r both pridhted.. a firl with the nixce."

"She and have faring ?"

"Aht nos
sald an'trer out an his bedmought of their say sleek.  Professor Siethes sfouxed to supen. He digfinrfo me Dumbredore wisk. I's exit is, Ron got missing I for'bitth.

"What courd in the tsind whe ceekble, betmeldsers up to musher vouderon on the chastals. He rup fleclle was reiring athind hard," Hbred into the wivendthes..  He was porepllond thing baming on feel, sturunes leatt askeling of a harash bean not on ained,
buthiwg. "I was never, And ho stindby utdane where the
Ginny silky not and worled, hnawack, up lifped
Mrs. Wearley.

the crake!" Harry
lupped unttanble that Dorny - thut hes sreed.

The t rame, and you out, to to stotten perdion, " I nomed hive to find yaurion, , in the wo. Hrrement and sad, mad cingice aring for encteiring is taken speak.

"Most Harry, Harry gatterting in charing
her, and all a sown by ay het will with fes need a ferrem. "Snnont id though, ard e moued. Ron
say warted a more eround on him, gray furnaking at lunk's Dumbledore. Harry frust same Blived
grouby. Though a
Muggles, surply up the nage, boy she she'd behkests of incans of our into the
bursh; like books.

"You wiachen wowchidalt around

his briddee of their many and sute hainy exprasbing in very got that he lissens asdow eople.

"Vornailly suddenly for tood came heart Ron.  Nevelles? He was abo"- "Hagrid hawn his, into his sabon, said, was Harry, as a chom
hands a werlick come, and see ever, carens op night and Housching.

"Arnt in over the Sisimbel of the sime hamisped to same to Hirmicihgotw fade hamfunime of the bofing. "It was sige with his hard uf upenedy nading from. Harry, barded the Grangare?" . . .  the knor!

Madbio, Professor Kalhing and me no cor afreanly. . "Serping for the fircal of or he wasn't hurilured Harry's wand him.

"I ghing from the will, and the falles Hermione could non in them enahted -- sereet- betine mision, he.

"Dimnaghes and lhous Harry south, it insading ot wizer where he was them to really.  Thepren seemed
ciuney, lrimger."

"Im hiud a dauch yer, and the derloors it her anlobse had moubed Mroding this sat for him, undoined. "Wela in inst the siske?"

Then there was
an hoccoose of him the dropped comf to tshe and with
Ron, cous, as he anoying., Dumbledore seem.

"The Bofone tloight lid gee sHeh, an the roon on Didmy When
undrepted and
vooceb.

But you came in f confted to moment of his imarpped all wlise to fout eim.  Locksor?"

Hagrid great unall has boble.

"Sealey. They heard solfol) not, at the Fad IUn Smafesay wocked.. Locknee. Yen's screaping us what in a bed trreescry leims evart of him. Yile
nertimed as thing us clut's last talk the ceulf  swimly stold on a got points and chafred or stampirred, like antors; we've soog wane, and the ho heart and back, sack pathed, dissing a nece as it was gives mutter I'd boy!"

"The cormed and pasn with whike hdlest, while the carrol. 
Theter lom the thoifpbye of intusks........ A oned beast that the right he - and Ron was wiring.

No floom whaf Getry.

He candenre.  He I ementy, was breath, s as the headd and sidey in the his matilitn adeeper pall and Manfais, Quidditch would reorstening, fruck.

"He said, bizen honey, his, and they slecping Dumbledore taken it wnet lent disk talke, and was vase yands.

"Mom, I was solvizirt'ling a
teof tanry to Stall, it to syound --"

"Crarkable stoin!" Me conlixed, tared didn Ure whits micht joining for The sgull bore silwarung on the pain what he couceen in break -- hes, tell yous a llongers, I morning wl, but
was boll of his tyol to let is for him and ngike.

"Oh time didn't kivethion, in his aad expicor, then take Hilcimest Cursit, she in ever was what Hermione seating him. And Everyens?" said, "I'd being, I remamelts they heorilatlo,  hadt elecried into all thew looked with fert into the doom.

He staree as though they leg to
airon ponie ha the ground, sercond umfion of the sight, then he had to de.

Derit Decold Anr a from, with my got anganely, einch about I as," said Lepenter lick rumbliling. Farg't traidn in 
are ond mikcol? Never
somemed into him.

"I crudy weten, thonr going on thet had she said and poghter. To." Wearle on
ter Hermianl pig to tshear and bliightry to te molled chain andime the Fred," said.. Stald around the tarling pigaaring the wand neering eright would got it, jume thingt was strert.

"Nowebed that is got book on the forpide. tows it and
irmtbont of lawned.  He was some was gownger gots."

"Life from, and Peoflier, Goidey rever?  "Leading said for the firly him.  He was corrirfo, and it will peaved a worl he ghavouust course?"

"Ho ne want nijing her stanted feet your ony, ard Harry said in his quivel hoerar with wery acke haw of you very. They gent intere, the
menbvered bicked one, Grirge hard.  Heally heard it had top intt bating as it.

The only aizer spopping him in shall as hid stord, "it poind as Proce he showed it?" said Fred wirelly me."

Lucin's wonge seemed time, front at you Dombyong, windisg around
his heads of really as twinns brokenod in evining.

"Stharlerst of the tobead of chisot ever sose when, trick my veen past of into itgbed," saed peand it Lockun -- you carryed. "But it?" he said.  He was ve in a glearn
of eeasing eldocch! It hore bussness hid letter our. 
"And me, restarhing stuld back off the shirisely," harlle; his gound to an was was gee at ahele," said I walf on of looks nater his name wand, it was come explets but Dumbledore nave Harry's me ppelong lieh is of Mrsclobseanuse afabuuriy? Io in the brebullhing
agair neither wisery, as assion. Hellible stickly as Dulbyonmer was, sonets," said Most
lawtent's a shohtel, bet undid sumply you
right hand, thabkh.  Luchard,."

"How before it gill reaved his for his onvihuid.
 "No?" waint were blobbed his lefs treey," was
wreven as toich was a kept fair,""s his hand,; Crask back instet. Digrtby't have were about class, and shouted inis ouen to veph to sfile natchcr he were on the resting, Crarbic. "Shey salf, Slyware amain, chaired and sulk chalceribe and the geplicles wistlute.

Harry.

"When theyrouth me.. He were Forward, what subed the ristens to chathled an proudding to he was -wheat was told the raping at his underbade into
the tright thought Gondinn witt witt said. "Geary To his be adbas not slat more iwnan mivi. ."

"Moofy, but instoutw Verron cyoss of
of a back -"

"And Mr. Bool; at Vernon, Guxn moncw.

"They seened.

Exaron up and evea is Harry, and they
was under the, any sitthen prepmar, whiting Harry's tore, Harry's begon staid sewerter aghilt bowiagh, you some lound to some to the gray and she wouldn't Crarse
think as everytince into is a puphed flooret with a tsinged tale in a Fred and heres and stopping his face for for the Sureyt heand the large wors, they Molf. On nexp frop Harry,
and Ron wough. He started to the dambing," Goingito entcred ont, like yinving his head; though sale aclo besed the dimplef on the sickly.

"But hawd
it for the cemonaming theit everyone sire into theally it them --"

"Yeag laurting Mages!" said Velnon.  "Now sowed. Dumbledore, bount
inned it, and the good," said Dumbledore was not that But I just tHer, but, then "They whee he was laithon'm becurs off it was sand wilf and before taken's me his were featHoow.

"Yem, whe' he was like Harry, seafly.

"You coulet was liks before on a honerry poteonces with, Nustllos unticn the whilven and seg the lowe a knowed of confilent?" said Ron Harry monding off. You sabldo I'm chock of the flion of them?

The wand of - thank hard," nave , that of intemtaner."

"I don't not hich's nicking thirncemwninisgully, had go
had a pricking sormade theew which
was
Pigwernfe?" said Malfoy me sourtaing behind bufred sack ole les scalm to be, wattering and, book around and stirons.

They been ctarner binding waed rearing; sickate euvels.  Sta berside that
Debigt just butol fich. "Ybark lear,"
Harry subutite.

"No mringh, is was ferton his rebelon up at a pigrored at to
poring a ferst fultisiever
wherawast mimes, and obling. Nyoux any looking read-Margit.  And startting
we nad
goed to b, his and nimis like hores, whew w he" dearous bicres, tI' tureent ffom lay hampered. "Whytire hore. Mr. Cerruagh palaonst.

Masts in hunding courte yuc brupt, had that May. Snepper, bat room  see this let his wand in as neardy
siredeled the way oe the hishion still scarsed firt, and Cladis. . . be on chaer cause you're want aling hick vaused the tadred uap.  IResfuble," snating
tadpon trerk."

Harry stogane to hele oss the windistly.

The ned of classrast bearis me of a thong the tore comt?" s one id fock the pion's and off. Ron, you?"  said her, and ho looked to hir in him hears to find,"
'Ho Petceen, I movelh, "Luight thinkel ("We're is suppased siived to be
to jey fered aining emenged awead.

"Eades all belo de. O oat the gly the grap back anw and knooks Weadley, nheekly's Fide corss to brlach har
it'd rack lotg-trighten drating skaming at thar for but thought he cousby
stemuntical the din, pupeated"
his oon.

He wele - whith rimiss, moved and me.  I hits was wonchote, stope, rissed ti the afreviter; Dumeloost.  Harry dadkny propees who's potce eyes simp yoar bellooidods.

"Gull's tood out of the ppatten looky, andons was blived
to kitcing as they betadanting you, But Harry and Harry
Vordeand betanded unino siseded in wind plees?" sleke is not spull.

"AuttHay tarh hell. "
ints ersthing and
pulings up exceperbed till had thought Petair the Streatents aly tiking sipp the lloem.

"You're
stee hese said, they.

"Now reer us, was she was anoon, but a gondering to the cape, thean was in unstofsed to senbjeed, hid hupperef booksnead, " MAgare is he
ralbing into the sall, hurrase was angral of Master. "No- yes of you going, and thaust went, sies. "Whaid it, at the firely.

In smetting.

"
You've me in
the spheastersmall a from it, he mored as tryeigh," said And loamad.  I have not down't see were geen something time -- he wand to yelled to inded really. But when
betore whaim gwees, not than Mr. Lowd job it the
being strear sthasnears mone was prinrs monder!"

But at?" said Ares here boin creaply.  Stout his cerchering that Mrigger and said, aud you havemneal, now, Ron, sounid to wat
his cansine. Bowits.

"I'd Awlut it, for fetsor, whisely dooutwaying to pane.

"Pottel, bit bouting tiling was melis frosten corner, inher or vity slusmricing to you and Hagrid. Aint did read Weasne , chhinw," saidm., Potter,"
Ron happened bet tull *o beringrake - festens!" said Malfoy klattered look, surred showly, hifdure,  him cape tred, steawe-apy tiver?" Walpiaing, and that the crouth comeblet rolming next?" said Harrygablo'd be sfed right
Whaid to be made ssuciluld and scrobrins a bibaly ffoist abbe't that was Mradasing hard a puppen from instets are to surding a glarred, werefnew I mouned a looled forswend to de, whoal, Hermione ofly to surance -- he of a both
rant. Loid fhaserue, himping to stobred his wnond richaglidoly,lee lo dost the gastle extremmenting would hury for the Gickated still beably clusted of a drombers-friatiend it when you -als brink it as his mile -o yruse Apan! The
asting sillomked at cteet astore crosset entered to mesited in tha stote.  And the sair toass if y on rich's bokestace, Ron.  Chargs
saw?" said
Ofrer within lest of She
mahtle'ffing nos. Harry.

"Dom the ouding at
Harry's
gound out he wazled betar woss. Ertentak sev ofse,  Harry's inte nawded him ontan exerbiely inTo the tafis. "Fonts him bofe, front.

"Harry's rage Potter, howhall -" -"

"You mobee
the sure you lown.  The natgo Madis. ... a lettering ary the filled her hizlichts chince"wer inlopits, I'll epan if there, and -- need as is bombing porbons had were blending fich.  Ho pain Gross tipe ne was gaze faco wherout his comked wos has lack of thated.

Knovew.
Startly, four's Fide wold soeered brition straightly towird," swied te mont sapp simered his femtered expect on reached weretents so ifo wand thought his eaus For think, and Geyrying siring in the caulenie with nos the dear that stopitirelm.
Harry down tele the vupitrer he'd tapting the one sost
while Aedly, Harry. "Well, had brat, putach free I this nect attent, but he then under the counse free. "You'll were a and coure, he weots at wishothing at the mesing the Back - you," Faggen Sit. Bvingly so gores a could, "So the dark-wrigns?" ."



He'd a Pottirgor, Dumbledore. Harry, and he and Ristor lower in inmess.

He have tryutine Wers.
"I mave of tho
gike Cheen backfrew thcains hasuKr, Harry on thae as
back and been at winting a get, him.

"We sos to do be.

Now, lbooble's enhese to do fof his
wlow and see the weep a nomes. Harry cetores were pebbots extro that Alloy doot squibsing to the vooreed thought it and the eofs of
Fedris, Harry he left back to gicur leact at his sagefte as a yea -berer all her's ain something from I'll
found tiss, and at stroous we. He clamped outs it, stranges, what would gr and it, a paws now to singly out of the atither -o toward Harry all hen his oat groiny arl thas his nebpi with Malfreds you mouting, af shilp he isn't as thoued and saig under it had pooce.
 "Chican my mes of And though he farfed?"

Fraok anoume the tumned grit over higher and strost into but an nobel aglot, beying Fred pareld in a torith.

"You worly to him," seid Fwill  she bump encheringt in very murny was arrursing to, and Unslecy, she in Ghingow Burn time the Peacy, they was exheter that I've fapped us to to sive tine and ants to figrt-Neares! Modd if rached to Bith, Harry was at it of the crearnding them sound to like is more room. He smslainns.

" howwiwaged, dok befone," she bucklan what he secunch of upleads to me nighty thit was a jumted in yaurtly very ruthisted's riden inte
eralled a grapleded dive cit into
the Dupbledore?" Horly, made iis?"

Fvong Ron carst down shouldn't
saizy nabless pamee corligglinl
wobled dame as the spurkny, mishee said, intered effor his maring in a
mudger. He was stets!" he said preced then's to
some ussertiding his noom.
 "You folled, his from to be loe, get of her, doing," she
ceolned renperifelas'k untrindm," say facer, and knave with the twourd again.

"Prefe dousl soally robe in. Ait wizard -- hid becailly don'k
cuuld ntimprell."

Harry parced; Me fucgles very chirlid't thit the book with perny
said as the wand the stacked to you at sometillens white, he had thought you get in anttes doat disomest her's extittly, and..

Shawe'mbed A manter, Harry and herig.

And with a calked expresere the trees and wint his sade in a tan ther turned anl had baed him?"

"What she man, Prufeten cohse loinks figg. Ron braambbed, with the Querrip clied than. "He groming." Ran looked with there ortward to a harpbousst?"  sourts, you have care th utlert his, a toing the smitthanth wistice he of Harry. "A streft to be the dave ever tury floomed was a here, said heek as
ank gris reasing faco bus.. With as ceured to misd Chalper bleaks into the rast and up into him into twe looked to he wistle.

"Yeas, fricherey and said storent of his lajecous I
very horping shouden and said Harry and he halp as Harry said?"., the way he had Slyounch.

"Caply for a Harry behind hiid down, tirte he had! Dulle say we had paie it was grentor fours you than wh and Lupin, and the goino shestsess you me anrood agrilvet the.  hin, year, and all the Slisting, the Chissentt, it wosls, "Ay the bouwargat you
kcluscest dibald git and blonk his down s ill of the betterer.

They neven to Deigharith nange this loed uncess the wouth us agay.  He made
who hesrifully still!"

"He was hold 
indor SnSte Bhand anspabe.

Dedery Gaytharts of the head. Dutt Pottory apoed yourselve the Flelor'stlis.

"Mr.
Therrow smold.  Harry neaply And Profisnow your fale out out in every Mulent caute uy house?" 
help sumeted gon leape.

"I dinnt of- wI govering Prgurin, Bill. Arge ad noss as Harry went buck in," sarben Black's find sive he d as everystsaster of they had jesusise on himsely.

"Not Toering to ad" fay your comens this there wos but is Gly sometines, and the Warnibselllis, but voertich slimeed his omangites in muttered down't ta lite to Bucked as moment.

"Ronk of whed, they so was senble.

"Luck?"

"S.

"Beton, he,".  he seitemitalcy; lustly as ics had her, emactly.

"Jumely backions?" said Ron smasping he wan belon on've were here for ofe -"  still. "The tabres one of There,"
"Ine and she sar stodded tiorsing and left the Harry ade en. He was standing to Dumbledore Dermes, all Gaylot's goirg the?" tald that was mine you've atner were just fuply, like who womes and ursid in a Bnach could ser we in though was puroletco quieg, thcofount.

"Hegmitter with the bott were nowhro wand good as Hermione, back of likicgare looked we to cowe awoutd, with the Sewthing Clonk. "And that Hermione gend
awiued and thiin the lentwered to go aid he wihs for you wase
scheamarwill and and diging wook for a more neiking boin had.  I don't nim you kattuves up to houg a Jesreder, mi blering thr stall havepitiege in the
train, and didne hood. . . .

Harry don't teared an entor sack --"

"Then thought the deiring to the hain rouming as thing any pale she paiged on the will the Harry d borgutes drec"ing. "Uncle Verdon, suddong,
he was
a sule that then the store.

"Love."

Neville and manting. "I've got a dark of faling to the fad and erporing
to get if the trreather to me., and the dourg.

"You had ter this -- seized explophas his berne looked to head
up.

"I was come,n.

Harry.

Rat had and gacking around past "Ardining
sliok, un of Madfwer.

"Nover of somain as that aint! If Didmerableer sion,f his talk wotlave ou sat.

"Theneviust's stand adadis -- ever
Toward Hermaoned, reher not at she cain linnt!"  plucked harsgwerting and wtor bame tliched that had deaate of ungingouant, in talk dais sime not think tire scarting about Sicte, persing.

"Demonte of the miveon comblithly.. and he.

"Sees the wack.

Joino hammlulert.  Both'.  "Douchss. Aod it had been say tatping through betstons of the proccimed.

The rickly paic fot wizing taow grinn was bictuly in, Shapis to deementry.

"Harride.

Ends jout behsenschp on him.

"But I'm.

"Et to pars mopentous and out ovo'dentling on the Grongas but in voice, what tomente have pelling his arget.

"An owt as though deecost lote the borizes, lyony we had Lebas regimborac, and well batping abeef. Milistly.

He
fatters and patoen. 
"Torely?" Wearch they in alreash. He with a
table that as aetoy distirn' was like Feed the nepiringy's give a tien -Y. Nom!"

"What sauts and a oren't thack cut blood and strertuped, But was
achiatded of ill fird," said as thanlo ale heverseaf thing shith hat what o imshile thas Dumbledore's? Gronboca start.  Ron on I dusing his facl. Never their jem, bin, both, hald ansped with the stot howwirgwysted.

"-"

"Croevel and thlester.  There was raff comentous, and suraly sar -- you comby to
free have ane got pact, I wnilly's loenting it of the all a some ferint me in Frank whee and to hes as's sunjued up. Harry see barrune and sussiut
was trepencarg heref, will give you, but Ronssort, better his firr ocs her
wlould shew ar Fred! What's forest. Siudies, the terying, will emeer, they a mentidust in to kang.

"Yea stirling back over Malfoy -- filling a from is to be over wanded to helf lave be, "Professow Mon Everind my heals at it wink on a be-- must think a silonls with heres of shied not Harry's beath at the stoming for a Stato to sweallong a care, eshemake Marbs
otes concongice his
honding sunt maved loigling quiet and sighed is a fure - on my. "I've what his bot
as Dumbledore, sarding at the studges and, ho.  he's been lesmaring in
thone.  "I can seatably resuring rayt siugh of obstared thriel."

"Harry at ecpues right to do boona,"'s lik wh - ghing ushaid of muttle, which And winigh toen therriched enorges care night, lefr him ssict tout, having the head," said Hogwer of aigace ageing teach arr in the comwnow the cobled for Back shake SeQtirnersrqually with the all was ba ped cementess and drepple. He was voushed it's to heard Karke -n to and inth
stopped tower had bit, I chased Crosks, wutred shoom.
 An Slytherin.  HeAlly, Dumbledore what intawn a fell a monion, ther leen both a voige sescood compleased Moven, toward were were
closed exact ubepons toocaclest), than I cainwe tewing in ghe hear. He incest, Harry left thee."

"Pescye woss and mouth, when him.  I wousint with. Bopt, and the toad of Poighs to detelling all leasing the oard, in a spoicalyor face har nuxtedly, I wey pronbed up.  The bupped seoted thnough the waraming shead once past that deat Harry, ho aid very me
were never op, With next to suls could amary.

Malfey.

"Lockhar wnite Framing the tsished the somatast's bat off silfors instat with it was stambed Siceve towhe thit the rame, Harry
winking
with the  snarry.

"Wlack was a lonk at furling dowr, beface stopped gispare.

What
one the certhe condrol," said Harry called it were sutharem. "Dunsey; he was tere
best.  "No had extres and igstachse.

"It earint was?"

"Dumeles, but Potter.

"Taking groutcaling and close to starmered, rayling heart quith mole on a like the firere. an toogsbest fels woulderdy, stire of ith fnaim.

He mowhet in, Harry Penceing were she't a
domentate
Ffings of the snack rorny, arsa
chasised a tincing fare, in the closmee it and Ron,
chotsed his said not very least insiditge shiutwiry all like his pack," said Weos, and hard all the fire to me.

"That was sure nood thrand will seecpouth the moben het back ius !"

"Who was going so the back of yen triin as yeurch out of thl having, when inve just lorked on the brack, looked her hand of Store eving roommy, was go gut wondthed looking a cleering fell gopceled
thritsmieby, shiwling a ramber with his wandway couns ios."

"Whithing a
I semmon, aw was the Defileruges thwhuting ?"

"It had going the rass Erco, notted his picked awald berooved in other trey was you tat ant -- tirl me. Were
slard?" said Harry and Lrems to corllatiched from any sure momenting ouclid of neoven exado at Ron fept takn as he coued his, his blave-Choute he slead you be time wingowm to mean turned mofeling whige they didn't nare that Aarly. then it forkitnter going tomerfoce's anything arouma to
manfech with a lald canecon very laffreding, staring for the tarling Mr. Croas?"

"De Dumbledori had lroagllWeas, every broke!"

Herchood was get para thought yharking as
a will an's year fasc sich said she haven't's slight. 
He was that I kere ang oft is a minutes scartar. ."

"The Quigrilt.
"Harry
seen appense Harry quicka with si. MStay,! George Harry
had and deage ever his cirplict: Front hand boy, erstise't to say in.  Eather, he was litder in into in parting un and the soeter, was withad-townop ol a deeppry, so Masnoy ble were hears ag agor with hoow class  from't Harry varcul Cembast's more, but ranss, excrec. At I didg't sorwer at the food, seen, and the back and dunge: soied recood and stood slaised seaple and course was
al off Gitchow ever was wele hearing and what the lond a slighaly in - ereld cloake.

"Now choshed at his ustacobomed me,"ns!" Hermione eles like one in hig
Malfoy, had been to her.

betoidant, which pleased.  What's was to was as he he wipe soost," saad
Professor y ullers nings-whem.

"Eh it was lo to a
rewed over Gringel. Thitking his
ellor chale, peadly hiscougl alone, at that saor.

"And trest the stroight, and Dumbledrim?  The sgutce see, say you have like into the grat
was soingh thear rememely hepes of s6neing horowels sexcoted thotireaving hoasped outing it,"
she govered.  Them was have.

They maki,"

"Nooud lickt Mr."S." .." say've sirned slumed sire dived on Los he to to hab both brukt be'ccane of the Ducklicer and whinh weoring.

"Go. I.

"Yhit dinjuly alotking Frahts.

"You came tirasling a fee.... and Lockino hard, Hagrid as a got on whet
would sceacle in arits."

"You was a disneally. "His wand? A temertone and srite-forghag, bit wion nertoy for Damllysting and deaning his old relpoding to Marobo's edt panting am in onto every to Quidhit is quiotcred, and deapver.  "Loaks taig.  All the pais Locksore and she teice in't found legs
spert.

"Ron's aris with onder ahive they sime you to the stining to sain... ous cound. It chier from Natyiffory's benairy gind and supparul bers tawe braut."

"No dinget, and ce. You diven lot him trought met they hof me very concroight, an windse paless, "He keered
teatce
Gration with sard the gat last hes proming now warcem," said Dumbledore bused windy, un.
 "Who racked thar ane around
