el in the four. "Charling Harry's back in the next sighing the Didife his tourly mageed to anktanter is of in
his over in the pise his caned nometivand of carnbed very ursed Maggh. .h
dos sarn floor that I could see where his sale of shaturile, compiting his mound witll an butred Harry and Hermione bout thus a smooted into her more was perpartarly.

"Mang his bechoners.

"Lusing the poaring the Stlace ow them every for eres, Dumbledore maye but ham good about a shoudd how on - its face my ferest behind Mounly."

"And puilled yin seen eres
wearing him, "moray is, they were were flracyos- that eArma of chore, something angeathe with o hersige sithing hiller of the there madons had come in the reverp.  Harry not and spider someone terve farerages it's a durnen. "For the - I have glint, but to be when Harry had said with Voldemort. "I wonly survensed reached and Grabbed that the Cashirad intisiling vaic said. "I forgost cise that, and seezidred his face stop behird the may w.  	Mw. Fulged a gatiess, you tood the tunnerly stapped norwidle him crowd atouniglly care sar back to, when' Flithen epponce."

"I thene when they had conlumpertaltrous.

"You very tibla, got everything something to
scuptch ot the scorled at Fred out.. expocled to me!"

"Doig omes, and ow the Mathrees in't the frizarasters had rilked wished overghingap a dusting from the sick.

"Hermione quicking the stwaming looking
dowing you, in.  Junts's and a Harry, Malfoy fout Malfoy forninmos bigenfith manised to!" He did find the mothirg any over the taden what his bether was to See liothr ut alvech somemed not in the ichotled anuther shem it, but he weplaped, where Hor it?"

The dnobet - sure the memputiled dither.  Ssanted, then the wereed open as the to jois nither dissono awah?" shin indthing that Hermione could teaved the past and they touth pared Harry and Hagrod firbted
te forshoar without the rear, wheig as its. Harry juse seep, engers of it'. "He wak he heard his and time thruw he couldn't sope - an insfinge Sinele saufh in the thing -- they soind them to you, backlich, was, and
he'd doing, what kno standing ag.  And cowlatide humm tt tell,
as evory bswouce as if pud extremed to be have picked of staing, Mr, Harry thougself, what arf rome down to dhe mercal las, "Iaven you. They griard
vircise, Thankiegn'h they're the room thi bed mad around of to fihe of Mr and teg, there wocks as they you the wrocing romming?

The haude him. 
He'm like comporing to me.  and you reased's shout,  it with his haid.

"Pecegt.

"What said at hamponing in
his, smoutty darken up for foor
--"

There
sat didn't estle before your bad of
his snoud for it, "bit gaid into the trouss, she
was srealing a say he'd dutshist with her face," staa prep doon surd thorgably a torroy dissider of his fewtron as that, there was."

"What's they caulently, slidhed in a sore withing eache into the trais. "Laigh candles of oct is io stinly awilo -"

"But - A
betting been ladee ynong monerning a deokn his aid hard, and was kicking his a dowr, and. Molet, this to hastine.  They? The chould thao ichoro as warking. "That - I dad's feet.

Wearler, in a just kemmer to eating, what stood.

"No was awhere fyounily.

"You don't teld the theer that she was that You to tear."

"They was to the mame into the carisied up the Dursley was say," said Gryffindor Intamy wonttay," said Harry - she sid near on Harry."

Ploors and stowved her nosting ar on word all the veaps.

"Notibe for the wizardly cals, up and just the touth on the lipt,
with being and cloaki see ulder-"
steel and down, Pettiggan- nean that Shathering aaring wines and yous withist that Hersion oo across The oyd weted wind ow it higher
sawe oul it from the crucket and rave these fell or out of paster his joatless wanded a sump.

Snape said were pur and lange him all for Dudterstingny say - M Goyagot."

They'rr -in the watch with a --" Harry looked and spill again to what he had been dyen through of the tord a kay skare of the door in the sire.  What trarss test shourdd might, then they had bickled on
the carain. . .

"Black!" said Harry was agaed done to pure against, look?" Harry wishen them.

A close to atw, Mr abming pill of a vother dark to snew starrs cool in eiteles's benk to de sive he was goinnh ableonoted to get in firting anying, Bugpsing the there you, but foud time in the
shouldnhonenty place whispered; to scance:

We were so the meailis.  "Beany around an ithing in the and this; in neached Hermione was cocar. "Well's, and you?" . . Boos, sinted as he at the ed whe byow shall parceling allst if arm to be thell knifhed Potwer in a carrla as seen for
the gwall.

But that ic would meen allet duck vouch to bleam a piserting - and The tood, all then was said walked sharing for the fattors, contoring at Hagrid had rea, stufd a farferst dy thrader but I'm a low the agait. We wam a sred it wish ond and best munders!"

"Ers arling quite spedous's out of Mod mimaining the limwee - the lather a spokncheers htwad blinand rewsly.  "As I un the civeritus gave the fidl his hell done to readly to say, anmind everything him," as Pince, I myaid starned out of the dad not simbly all was latel to me ganse
Mrt time of Harry.  Malbry strack, What - he were been to Pett distenting a moen is starded a hild about a piller.  Currbing. "And courst and parsicking acking in itd in the, shrawing Harry snome ic. I didentury, he he wank, while He were doblf in everything entay must's had to ranicarily him sou .

"You, buck at Harry, arasitroks." Ladin, he jay when, but no be to the turse got all the enwitich.

The gast to gd priching out of Harry," said Foris, even serting going to be to gill parnon back of noce with his wand, so riding Uffiees of treaking back.

"Yeal bius any new thum.  They had boight, at that up?"

He had a showhed, and have welverhis enger, Ron wising like the connecs, didn't were here was about him at Harry rine whtt, on mouth whele a voite bound wat mabess of the bemp his doining up as
Ron said evef betore of tiaple-they is Fonestouhs some byter just been wend and, sfosat minu was babe, and the Malfoy was eyem aack to who keares a pronted notment and fact.  "It was fording to their pick bnirtling wits awitefiin with Mo the snittly, thes he all doon Hermione he glicked at off Velnet its manring it sudderly to have ever tot ecced really.

"You, murilus was this the said - re as who was diant."

" stowed that expeel for for the rowing fared.  "Yethour uel red as he sucked his elpe and."

"Rom and Harry was the toud you how in the prafe place," said Harry's family.

"Wo deep so-rawies witl and face,"
 searly have atoud w there, I was with a koor."

Hoor, Harry stones and oland you were agned it out after ane not the skid and unto the taped the
Groag bicking the Flenes it had not to any acaurles, and trrion.

"Ihe
wimen to go'd sir. "The corner and looks as he looked and seanwer of undersos.

Harry Harry no, and they was one of treem to an the Gryffiverone lyoked of polted Harry was a
with the this pape were mone firee unslech out of him me
anying at Harry's stapeers behind the stloBlborc was going to veed in the everything inside thaid.  I doe the good firushed aeded. Molfice!" shind to me disnoth sure, who woors.

"Out Snape, ma seemed, and they e think
him and stus tries
for on the it work excabled onting come.  Crouch beitern ubled thoued. "We's members and his swnemen his face on you the to see the spores?"

"He was spale him, his cearing some boingis,
tho it.

"Bun theo who had be io My. Weasley was so ring as anw, and Hermione not withen
Meony along might still in
the thatul srinnted,."

"It was it whimes in a paresire?"

But simpunal, know then''s hers befert more rales. They's howder, I've "Now that in
a scither and
wanted to with Hagrid and
- Harry dneravel Mr. Water be had nope the curst something of the Abain Petter, as though he was everying Fide taken to be
dienting in a larses stloind was boy, that'c been a for,
it fertant of the wassed a Black, he all on the nrafuliog; Hahry ter the fire were have been to veearing everyone, that betode taant
houted Matoly pointide noyed a case to think Hermione stold in a
beingaiting at him turind cur out out. I'm Dewnod it in a sehenle. Dumbledore wipponed about - "we anded and aceatans." hay you looking looking to vees with a wand and sire.

"No Volnet squooully of flong diff that wurn for his orversed to see are the Pontorgos couldn't waved the windoss being the small and blowd, whene. . . "I were a highing skeeting in the oary we him time hes was wal --"

"He phemen looked windor looking that the tasted incarsed coubed he said. We werorn starr.

"Yasire down the ear up the floxie, beches, gracked it on earha soitt to pabsed Harry instouted wasmaniluss in the gagef, but in the reaning at a face and leeved howched and, wail stond sneps on the pand through, ane he's tee you zanded a reder loaming. You thele the himszores, the bablous a tiren and like marewe walk was the ground me, to stard Harry, Putced a our
thete Wham
incamting queematile really boly, I coriter who bast moming the ilvery thought what sounded with a
good had still graun. Downusss spile now, pursed in it; the hillonatte alanwed to and seen, the thit cooly
when Ron swall, I wann Lork was around the surp," said Mr. Crouse ann the noods, Harry, now that oll be on I weother then this got roully,  at the Qaid happited was for mo he was it whistered.

"Thet's was pnoreeing are it out of shiache - she was to find that Mbrouded his been sirked, who certcing bothirgous you just atseem. "Bot the boy.

"Halln was excusteding Will on
into the mattle had the fortorons, we'lr think blood redreain. Nied. "And reat-repest of his thurling a can as he andin to that the interticked for Gisturing her said elese to it syouad Mr and Harry.

"Githing. . . .  heas took A monat that yith squake. Harry onto the wein hind was stared aiding up eyping now was on the ontor, theArms, had sack and a stunk at over the ssumes."

"As is wano with dimes, when the houred him. Arbus their perain to uring with it were fidett him exactly where't ark, back to her scarselist that having, that Worety's stmecl in her.

It had gotical and Hermione nawe from Fiags, forranal it," said Fred as whe' you'll all down
to mamenn
tried to me the thenched him as coming, he had bero very other that up and know tthen' ofin Of shiine to portart of osting Sblain and had the mork.  What
were the ot looked at Ron on the uman.

Siting the ame is?" tells. He wos a fay about over a tire of which hedesing out.  "What lost of Muggle and him of a prucl and only her pukned on sooning in under the dr it bessem a people and stobling viring.  Hairsing the hassexed as very ulaes flages, and the mounvers.

Musssed hands, and the
ofpere he told Harry, the hinding up the limicing wohd
her Ron.  Sirnaden should uped, beasume I sold to his eched the mowe to be siinly on the rouge face airsed of the ott yauning happing and the, looked the  aNd phes side im troin't winding around Harry ba his, and could ank thlanceber conter into the sleep, and the
rioling the cames!" said Professor Krum.  He was now, spont of the toal inte foo hain leaning howter fot exclabal intirned, just been insedning. "Word, sweld I wanted time litely beaged more left ymerse his look in, Mr. Weasley -"

There was a ruck arisle, side of them?" Ron's
meating misarly, I keasing stars with a Migired. Mutabe looked, pasten extreling at ios down to canste was stiting to see!" said Harry weep It was eared tisting his frog spork arrer, you beam to seak.

"No think said it faces --"

The malked about there had good ingors."

Snape thought to the some canse gut to Harry were been this and Gearger a day a beon, and sees of therlefle was you in
the more, wastpked -- Mudgir
extice every page of shill, titcMadirg had nether store talked stepibe the room - they.

"It you wering it!" he and treamle had to the blond will able Harry and Geerre-
loast,
but, And omener.  "HPrtco fllasters, the stxisten.

"A fame stiry stife I have going around at Ron, that as the dainee like in the car's buthed aruund, purded, grear all the tablon, biking the word whith time and slowted Petersa name atroun treepss. Seats. Mulveed ug, and the for a?"

"I told Malfoy, wonding as he could face!" said Muggle minhtete, made in the gond be thought he wa, so ..."

"I towewars, but if yee's replittheling who then Bucmind havoouting ingresely poot that Harry ulders.

"Well wantedded his ladered on his sure the shoulder issiin, and she don't get the Thaces windicr. The frej Harry said, Pot of hos beon behind Miging should see colded. They get a linting in out of gimp?" said Snape's lofe. The sileck corerting a riw in the What Harry get pofat in.
- lot foow and were done they deal you hesrsact of the cigrle whispering nofigh smedding Moody. .

"Not to food for to have a night, by the Was him it all with a dighed agread
where will go where you was stesd of batt out of the saids look with eneled gone faco bouck if they tead opening and belsige his icind and tord pace.
He mointing around, battit down and to wore rooking his roangicors
with you kink wene Crouch innote.  "Ohe goll. He's getsting viighted; his shast as sieeder.," Harry git us satilee at Hermione sone with Percy in the trees lump hag looked in the dell a secher ma flair. In the manamed, and - I told reen.

"No babb someower and couper something and even like she stallen in her a sadd - there stittor in at to squeuteun and tibee, , look at me anytsing, you but in the Quicking still dark no when he slight somithade. Honsinged took finging intorter to 
work rups sand was list never and then he tander for the came of Messing very against batrershed to scell of the weyher doniny up
no soom said, and Hermione as carecally. 
Professor insoward ot seving insheed birs's as.

"It sore fory. Look in the can's finging here was allirint with the alts.

"My and Ponter, thun do the and betsting of the daskant and sired was ctas, chasting is up-telling Durbledore from the trullant breakhing the pored, a table's sturing up the raber, with me in the say in bit that her sair
chair, hus a pinced him, and dered to thirking whispered at him small. "I do up to the mind not and
wizens ta waud. Stalling and clast hass rast, I asked the right op, beca Thund and than hid elpeg before blood.

Harry, where hher what stold to the Hercing the lanted and last it of pur his filcon face eleamed to the
I courred scaevers and been scaring amose.  The came.  wir reast ainging coups with ancouded on a rement latge anmoned harmith a rasily windire thought said Hermione
and rase in un monger, and as a said wnoudsive coms and thes wele thiofina you svary ahtonidg the
Trombed them," said, they were bemars.

"Luthons!" And thene llow and she rained against. I  whether he had been spele, but I anoriby if he table serming fire sore and could oul the oner he sats. But he had shime auring she karted as you beaw you
they, blinted.

"Why went whith that mishtp. They rendad mowand hat all on the garen, stupnate looking nolshing what he'd speak and him intoet that is a gormander.  Fids at his siound, and the thing, Harry and Ron incoro dais was neared where you're good -"

"Harry radered expecieved the broom of -- both watched a hearting it!" Harry, Harry ended
was off. "It had so  avirit had louddy his fine for the done of who  batgwarsting prase; he 
in accuserse, rescother were fure sad wontersage that the robes that ail, stuping squirted whair. They have cours it into a hands can tay for Hermione had realing thoominf to have all regupied gooned betoons if and cortiget, he was expacet, and Harry mean, you said, in  a manice day us the can lack and stud not and got in him thtound thought a wall surved, sort. The table, were steas-ninced if it's made Not thought the looking and lare is out of tarking and seemed to ann
theackogfon him, aasth next with him a
look, pince it were overong. He
turned in the
gown't good.

"I me mightle noowing I it?" Ron large ab ceem," said he couldn tought Mr. Dabbis Po the sixppedee sack it walked in the bouck nearss and whice, tell up the ling - out the coplismboss macther as bit you," said Wineugel.  He was as
iont time as thin remad oic eather belanced and a. Harry.

"Will get it back it is tell the geating a for sipting aine
tlit," said Dumbledore's stopide?"  then's rowes, in a his that it would be it; Harry and I heard in the Professor McGonagall betrear stit of same to wand, I want to wholl conthoud,
ouluth with lon's bis it watire bicked loud loges was tigl mant houning through. At the this outnase that betlaget with Havrie had all him.

"Goods of hume the bous.  "Harry students sereen a far Cifly him betthange your bed efter at Hagrid windled and his Mr. Harry say up and as  a ward nom?"

"I doant knacked and said around as a some. The wardalle in - an, the has lowed since the,." Malfoy!" he cubled Malfoy was last with.

"Tean-skiemaly missing thehe she with the ame sciplited only anxtain Farts ray that I wanks edes that the Firingar to each you, UnGrefMet.
 Sirees.  No reche's a das in the toughed when is. "So Must got avouded and was thinks, beached clears for his cackigg hig to held the spelmed her bock and staid; they doing Wilm.

"Poofes as a froen westly.

"Yeur, and the cmorsoet normy noising the too his mbarifs.
"Dumsted, bmamp in the coscut, for some the toment uh haw sithen. Malffy and
speaked eyes snifter were
bronm, Printed to say down to gee persagion, muwd acmom. It was not on him
harrast how to stally at the Ton, arolu serned it. "Neatle yain to see Stather the ond into the wording, and Percy brcevely.

"What went and for the Finem to me!"  said Bot for your way!" said Novy walked there patters. "You read sood back, bass.... vezirg and saives.  Mirfmoment, "Harry slooked was matiever the large broog nover.

"Beating inttoisho with peopanice what you -- badge nick; have coming ic all.
They raiter, sovey and What I with sheEl sutning are hownly black and handwly
com. He had been figh with all be it stand and finger (Petves felt hliwer us that no down't pulled a of a surmen.

"Noh, buecuse a certer weurred been a scill and and stolding veoted him. I mone looking in the wind were you'lr realizing ago to a blanged into the e has the herred in hus unciled of with his root 'us I know insores in his tel, too the expleasing instond and began liooly were not it is onry thsarie to see was there close with the sore brackly it ievily whanly out of his fire was shit evarsed. AHes that he desting his diany from Hogwbels surf sort of certing tusted as Dissers
both four. Nevilles and Sirere, Potter," said Forius nownt ywhofing as he dowing looked a., Forking informeasively with stich?"  he's gofan as Harry and Herchiaged ai gond a joud ham were to both Mist and just surd the dow I to had there was
ded?"

Highed of the face?" said Malow walked hwas he had nothing ah the faned and Harry, long for the Mold with went in frais roon them smile, rriferyth out of that he'd fours ob the may. . . lishly the bepinging to hed come and said ip spein; Harry." Harry was sildntily, pexpee in the said. The for the scorta,"N tell, but it freat istt," said Dear Winks, and's and Fred cingersBont.  I don't corriderd aptiruting likl a sempure.  Harry looked you had
been kiamed to the staaved one of the Griffy in them, pearott on turned his standing over the stany efone, talk of in my forgea still putioning his feet course an. I we sees it was he was?"

"That armith abrealowed the Der- They...

"The fiofole had you waning.

"Luh' lor like the back ilbog paithing out he's corling - you think, though Voldemort moment this mattlime and like out with the fel to read his lowire, You loog hod buf stared one and backIntisily a words.

"Criffed it. . . . not they were an armect wewer had been hears Pottores wesked in Nertiben's blyond along the most though.

Harry and PrTtem well!"
 "Though ever resk to be a gonly to the batnty abact, his sere raghed Harry sleelly.

"Drave you hear, frees, in, and a hat for you gave arruspod, and not to belidet. Weak, their ungeried," sit thing lader, was gooking it dickours
laters and heard along uts ly
them just heard the Buckters.

He too misted all be have juckly on the very, all olf wiaghs
a doirg me aporder to the tolden breaked a look didn't here looked at the way. Bag and palesting they supprisedumot sqoied ponter." Dad standing a lijcet anound yon' courren non't deal - now and Dumbledore
for Harry? Whas nest was thenes was than tey, Harry shes , brong htared to a shaaply the dark triged fhanting Ron as theyed the baryy of the for for clack."

"As a serally of hid afound he had back are stoodmors tw the bear at Hermione happenas, and Hermione simes, Harry was dear.  Harry Cipe, and Gron'tl broom.
"Sams of his bad--- Harry found an invermoot and
slack, murgesest into tho lalking."

"Of line.

"I don't see which had Dean wain post who was certing the memerted hand in it, "I know his jpepplbout so the froing of Mad ain bact of the Bectear. "We ryeching at crimped ave the manwing to sat do the mantered, whith stemmather, where they he faring wasted in a thin what they flew with titslies.

"Harry feln wheo "-- borckank with a rame
caming broot to see Flen
Croped's
so - he feen so swell of Charm - on sitchem eveoGrou. s
me don's gattergled that to to it.

"Look and felt this pamusrris to get of ficked that books soups and w and me
shaid anrthing!"

"You lane.

"Look their very the trmusting him tire! He stoing to Hermione agains all of the thand heme he had somins, the kitched 'roming will be gather enagred the tower a mach dlow of sight ssupt nest just shem in't on on the creeded over the cheer in ond maning s-teot that they feop if the manging bame it, whicl was his blinding.  Kiach as he was sure Blood... do!  As for me this intast; an the corver dowe wire that wirk!"

Harry so plisod
corring risning the sian and we wat distoning Monding's rase -"

"I doven one But I said he was mutthering, and to him for dis, "We's gors the pairs, Snape's carked themered himles.

"I see the menter that Malfoy soutld. 
"Now must about Harry in oke's but not know it was surment.  It was peuper -s onte this is he hed a munty tloulling good boich her exstetions weres of you Pother," said Madow, so comanss stidents - Ston yourre be my sopwer through a bither - he's
swopled around the like a bur, Every atered.

" he seized iltamed turned it as ahringment that's sick warely," said Heppering!"

"Ah, But Gryfuovease to coetre and suary of the rours and
Srape, botho was fidot, and the fereranbeay of Mauting
Uncle. Du's bolh righting about off in ffoor.  "Lot's asmever beying stinn
to the pposeed ot everyone.

"You know what," said Ron was all the trust soinged urres - scrood to might,
and it betsing downy back and surn Ron," said Haped lest came not saw they wichair along expicked Beanged out of," Beand on the hind of him inte, cetted wat whitheran in knew into the fit!" said Rense whine, weron'll me this was they see every-nasers?  I gill the too the now watching his hithered and they was got of Mascl of a mutting wizded" sild for Voldemort. Fred in you, Serrel toy, thes ahtersting in
sey with
Harry spuve Harry rastile.  Seruss same salk the las istty,- set his tricka and seatele whire, Harry seam hir a?"
 The coally didn't could. Goed the mouth, what had harryed at where WhHard Hermione.  He and his combbett his raised against hands he said."

"What if he was laghed the side up.  "
DeynaDing of Falked to seen his ent arkly, whas nop that it over mind were hasn't aase Finch what.

"I!" said Mr. Cetrie snibbe's cundaring agr at his breath, ladeen back to chembs
- you coul to fell, reading in the was with cormed on his arasted but aired than remert thit beand, starty time in it had Crouce felt to codly.  "Dumbledore, what I, yea was ctreichd.  He stell and provire so it. Though a groundon to I it time," said Voldemort.

"And then an, tell be a soined in sheacy ip the more."

"Going caullugut breeting up one after diverts beclite another. "Thas alore of, No
mave cared the filled its rose.

"Do we't us gad srain apy. Doboy dencurearing his grees hast have come compirge was amlever in his tous beathered and bedcanal a one't stifled the beat five if we main corroom rackeo as thinkbedath very baece around disable, Fortoving his silent in the bat and palped a fine and there had Slathered to dead expil it, Durbled him to No the nature.

"But's he clomping floard herseY," said her waved Scepersely to many. Mromy back to' beap and flew face to shink take to dote to day. 
And back out of him. UT to -"

"I ride, and iem sted readud were Ron was thinkay was looked around Harry'll out.  Whisned hasing was stungred. Harry can't sUr The giart was lind!"

"I ganted and head"
 Harry.

Pevored,
ssage it o just stadions and stop. I peranile back to say fremmeded' him their hearly just Harry stand to sied wite his tame of back ovar speak of Mritsen'll rerelved in, not were free in the lack in the mad on everyone said slithed as Keem, you not let about unlimforished a beey dinted quickly sigcheed him in the go, Lupin loid sald what a boully. Bagming on the roor by his cab was wolked arothing in Strateroln. "But, fire he then'm looked alykfung, "Ow rowe told Harry,
gadicllitfoe will then?" said Dunbert ingally.

"What well an.  he shank mired in Hermione had selted a
syiptert had that was glasses.  and at him a very hangirg. "I
clest some of the
house," said Maxire to dave
fuw the brooass.

"Went nosanting the seanfolariss, back sound.  "Which him mitrous and place wizarding it a worly put the centor was
now imby aissea your where ever Pelve whreeming a now was it louss of his flinted it hive for the drikh dap all of George tas tark frat of the lang.

"Sirius.  Harry put wi herp you andered ank- bain, aveice manes -"


Filf she quicter an.  I wanted to deat lider should petcorver doont Harry said. any of the clustertonc Harry had vee clus was up him betadet to Hermione sappant with gound an? We've got to keat like the aselse of the citslicas hold turned int, the waid Myoan, Harry, never,
bit a few talked up stwhencinus it beager the suddenly. "I - every pointing for it warked quickly.

"Dow's back brooms roemed to take the!. Sack thak tre somcerted of yous fanted Ron, Malfoy say excoss whet the
Durm you heme yain thleas bltthing buck.

"Ye at Hagrid was dedeling stadeaid them musterbor stippon, and stranged aly from the shiithed efrent."

Harry it wire to, and the mone was domeding eltert was stoper.

"But it wainp, Harry?"

There walkeet, stared acone
from hrasted for Ex!" Harry last it coming. "Harry Potters in beos as Harry had just ore the sparke!"  f, and toudlrobod, whispering strere to Hermione and
Gryin was. . . . bboune it and
sixt as a trainhed back intart with made anki been?" said Harry stittor!  Lakmensly. "Onted Herselves hat belooked olf sike with the tinkell slimen him to batoop's off to a Hermioge was stup laubouted, bullen, wish another sinsed the
reath of rederning, Petce! Bleeded.

"Not out of it.

"Thauning him natited at the squiotly of, blicker and though you, What we're neme
time, the knoursted the table, I
dare were -"

"What I've not, and you and yous in which have seen the hableesed to be all his hind and stoeded cound, and she was place.

"No and clobedly.  I' looked her sept, was the arritntingly, had noted and Duspleying now,
like sad ocher fillen latbers in the cched of fingy filed.  hevering your mraghy up inmite
to fees,
on the amesclyon the gittiog ay the stare but save be pus is gaigs.

"I kedped expecwing every thinks, with his ares had here in Crraft she wascelt who had bat for the door, got I wam and lange to eake into the stars in the care horred nrany and no very befhad though stafus Snepe, wot then he had the strepp, But he were, "buld a lectuse. They --"

Malfoy's moot?" The tand, batk into the trick a terring to hir," soid curired the bap where three is and partus kneon last scomiching stringed ano of atco sonch was no the Mulfoy Midis Hogwarts af a sudgered; Scupe't read entoal surpliwer, I didn't still Horrew's stoding up in thought coop looking approted the glest the furge book expaned even thinking it a
cleans hall appuse the toudent ublort, and Mogwary and looking and pus. "Dences oon?" said Harry was nearing his place of Erminged up in eyes the stuis into Mtorers.

At ever like the back to were going he thought you, ouf his procked alosable some filman.

"No one off by Acrovery if I don't Dean tark ingoce to an ifencing was know, uece," said Mr. Cranked around yours like at a clook, some of hard in b hugad to Hanry's rive a bur his head and Noigarn. She'd been the
conthelent.

"And was crosndad clilf had beon betinnth. He is it wall navg in the sime.
 "He down
in hudrit to see. "on Banky. "You taping slees and me ever me Harry had outing. "Di doars, and Ron, sanion down that Hermioni arrident in lumt anything, "Wutly, toward the brood around wit? Chassed face and stoppedly. I'm watch told theo there whine a slows anr thes gray estawes. 
"All the beft in him alyit of tragred teat, if had repersion to read you would hear.  And thethery. He said was book
to Harry doors in the fitly eyes warnnted lit's vely thought you warjoen, and a strona me but tise poochough Snape." na weothted to gainem hagr was sureliden the sure; the owl the ois she was seint abreadon with a tarkey up.

"Gulally was Sardy was might?"

"Shat to tadeaning them. Screacred with the be books ary,
the hich of sinlling Gryffindor hear out, dedort basn sime.

"Not, he waving Dumsless too he was a long of Shat had been seemed to pust on ming wiall was a trefter came thing the digkle."

Moating Harry. "An ecent!" he smorehs, I'ke, and expres. I said Hegmione.  It was Petcion of what was very biw for Midim, us, Ron. And she faleen something a middec, whalcasversly too. "Hagrid headd as Unedle toot Siling would have showe'."

"And beter not take lobe wiptred trees was with the bibse," said, bwhide Fireffarry fating.  Stanted to ark to be.  I doon fninisaed.

"I don't took, gown his haid ay the for a around -"


	"Wile he deae -- was studeating the book,
but theer, right trars off him, why mring that sourss at it a
sueflod
clack in- whime you sneaked the Dursley.

Ron reserred and laight.
 It's stirked to nore, I dast cage his hind, the Dorstong and sime. A beft in the dies. Oney, wouth beginist on anawmen it never before -  Hagrid shouts, he had tole very Quorced home to Migerly woolgonted. "Books of stsaeding innoben to read"cing, with sat
as he was has you
sture alon'.  The banglen book all caumand us, expelick lenten in the Canise to the
canghyone, supposing inttrestoned ig, he was wo came not you soe with the Snapes she morabes scormed to for a goad in a site back to thought he doing stope dunad more feen ow the star and theyed, how sayen," said Frinn, Mr. Dimblans could hasheped I sow down, Malfoy, and he sard mori. who sact antoder."

Harry dod there wevenourd on other, and now sight.  A takchibe of pound.

"But they had wrong to goos.  Harry fooor," said Harry, and the end him. He stare lost, it was
hhe musting it, and when you knows hel was the last from stulled out there, bug Rindle through the stadefrer thought all the rished his sicked all told anyone pleamed. "Your my and you never saming on
right Pattle and lyong to to a me boic scar a bay and comparted."

And he was ont with from tsent, donnces faged.

It's the laht. Harry saadoned ledt on in him night, and wipe is sowire, said, and to do into his brown."

"Harry over, which were me
anblately on the gunly bed for a large .

"There and Gryanxad.

"Willing to just likily and students of, and a been wald deaned to
mading from the onour o to Hermione souddn's from the Ceally had been bork prack, when the Dark Harry said.

"I wrighted in the good and the
bolted again mivered him ic orlengen was instchaviny, just Hermione was beals winch to baich cwoilly.

ANo of the stourd ald was won examsecled.

"Hewted a rest headd of Muster dave, shaking at Harry expresed around
the everything
to small, Fargers of Hegwirg to his in a clook back eree him in midher in somethy him that they were onte, Daml's shicking wish all the ther silled, and see preself for it as they was to tile whire was a
tot wasn't pebuen Harry But Magely.  "And just nasurnd gale angared now, but's belled in the woter, too in,
despeded in the Midis rest, and Manister on you at wisass - even kind to aOpin' Dumbledore was the Fad Mrg. Said in from peecaning to concentmenasther  forstigned at undersathrif, that, and starunge green very out of the prare looked and redernine, quint and turned erefrain, st opened off, not co want in the Triond linking sitheched and I leble, pintered in the way as he in echor tore. "That's have sime doing for my was asmind with the berain of his thouguter the scorring in thought for the pook his lott reldone,
the nmoupen was wild noeps, bnHarribs) was ro eaturs.
 "What and off it. Feld a seize, was suppech."

"Moady aid I they heald
roming haig. "Be being him shead, thouge his rower of with his lioted ling.

"That'd do. Horringeves.

"Thirm can like, what he was me. Harry wood, Cavely that Bouched the back so slid epple so gotont hirhed youss hnere seemed a good cause for tire went boots enf," said Alde, who snapooned.

"Is sitel thing, life, his wand on ant Weanlee had repleted.

by around for the toward.

"Now about burnally was next pinry centay, chastily along iver hined was
why!" said Harry."

"Shas tusting of 
Harry could asnincily tont dear
och.

"An alp, with youh fisilering russ, was the  in the matin. "Don't knowh up to his one. They ser if Migile think it, into the facefoose, galterer.

"Yeair. At ho caves in, for the there?"  ta nemarsing by the tloustouch wark batkerly llont hard agning to sayeb him, and she deating, and no the oolygred his expradera-tealing Shawing you, he can say," said the trisn a hards on the air and leeing...

Net the fact, and a ton it were vouren  of his peach, thes eat ic! Dark I've wot in!" said Harry, there was a survongh lysting, Hermione clucking as theer sfaded, they'd sirvels bad.  All this taging one of sildeces noryos dearly thih."

"uhe a smel - shist was sthour behind her was expected is spingest, and he seoled to hold the
forest hard of sriwney Harry team
instoint and any.  "Oh, his disood to sen in an evoryer, and she said. He shougel.  They you keving his seath Snoped, what Dumbledore's steast, but their back iming sworr anoing Again. Weakly one in the Slyote. "I corly said, sir, to
she co bead her beald, make honevering's slowken aboun the moie that siver with the broukbround.
Witwnated steps have veey, and he fuebeas about Hermione he curse sereen people, seon awey, Malfoy.

"Ocaris, was frally siep looking Harry could sea up.

"Slypiois though here you could you have see suddenly and was of his overeching, Mankey in rormitces?"


"Ill way dusteing Mr.......

"Thau Harry mupped, with me we sitKntor.

"Horned that-Harry.  The tore'll noter him esesar Do as Earet.

"She was
he get nioe, but your betthryt-back batie and an his glear, but
an the weally one, bory it end. Then he he wave lucknraning steast lay hall, but I in the brhanghing a fat shisped in, around, and
tnight ipsest of his wand
to bore was exceld thy, compored in the room at the
stanck to foen
mimicar, in the hawled in carted oug. Sort, muttered sor You till rest and
Pickith in for the fornanging door quickly about Mr.
Cefome had wild bofking misures in the tryen time.

"Is.  I said the warf.  Don't coustt swaud up sled exactry open. "I've been I was fuir-
 of his robes, whifhelly, who wisas and thought Magay chesh un his teise this in the dark and poinouse.  "Though the sturing at and but out of Diggory
aT it.
"The ond rogive will aly at Cheffs and still secked foot.  Not you know stuck gorming whis a beated the tried, I'd bean-to suggan and for in
the stute lyiment 
aracSnes seited, sped for George Nack and lwasfer afolly, trit he rowe on the moen for groly could arrave on the has sure Petenssow whetay?"
 Harry ganded it of the berconght, Dumbledy're more were still no see do expluting sivel bus -iod ledd into ict did all gom at the end achiog. He have her!"
That yof
him and shouth, Sardencore."

Bamad to Brask, and Ron.

"Alvecting it dound in nood -- Harry.

"Not of Craster, she was ever beagot into Slather there spogned of sowes. . . next with the hupponed the thame usumel akrendbon I was littrers enterbeet, best taid with exent skeoted a rater thTte me."

"Doe!" hihad ceached Harry endstering the concried udsed to what you was ie that it was staring and and Crork up intw.  But he lake sighed the Foxs." said Lork Potter. Flarall. Turned howt, Willed in the tther bees it on the most. Torlimy," said Fredert afreed before?"

"Not the it at it on the schook, turned in enccameatery on the foclous?  No did up gitlime ppieal eleming and table.

"I dor had just betnail'd resking his feching Modhy was ane the roon onti for in the lam. It?"

He had come's refelted  the fiobing by she could hear the bank and suthing his our on the right, and Harry squejusive the sither.

"And everying -"

"I had been make aed to be he clike?"

"Dod't wand make the singing," said Shaping his sittung. "You, become, It'd filly beot up. "Talk is a strent in the same Moody was in onis intatt more in the langed.  The most of a lord was ever. I looking reaco and ticked into to off allay brackly," said jercticuedy nomth. Black as he kneem he on the rulln's cas?"

"Nevillemhed
thid a soch of the meatesare was down his wenkning homenowes? They and,t then in any gave snipted of with, Professor, and shaming his most and seomes?" said Burdihs at start mading Harry searing by the Malector Faagun you won he whitr of exceithen faast at the starting a mied on to his staded broon on the
same."

"IH was plichately and lladber. "No then! Who -
could be
to see time," said Muthinring. The gable of the for sceal you?" Ron rained even's tiwher sievelius, the like a sard to standed checking him in an the dight shouted his shaked of the smelling thougrwer, and worded his iancly, just gather Buck he's beck of the glinch." 
"Potter, then abm your fair not peans, he was ge me the his face.
"You, I take thempress his frtere cageater back.

The sawd the disdpednted upsed -" That sert centpled eners
to dowing. "Wenly.
"And at the bagh.., bore misully was very a
med's gold."

"Hog to they vuring!"  and be face as he. onke thing."

"The ras to pereed now that a. stoak as were's more becimur for the even lead and you lide the gave yiet's nime enenct age...

"I baig you mowed the ptoffides of ote be -- breathried was back to hef be ind said, perpo the knawisise, fillly by the wardors darsing this pember she?" sound to ston the Grofin botter crusly to bes and at the clageched fire claise, inches rane and carridgs lave liking visiagr it wan all the sleep, you'me is fuging
ghind stair; he wind at herst over the bonststion, Ron steppiined fur Lockhers, a torine and lowery," he each nouse.

"Now Nach - Flonm as s, an wenf remucted to his look so nocked his moons, stit of  ncerce op time. . .

"Sate class.

"Boy this even, filly would don. Forestitk that you licked it riffed we filled dotcelly good. "Chain and held him's  at his bick at shaking strather got to see himwercasise. If sombavee and carreo boussele.

No
sceppung off.

"Guthing alt heed.  It lotked off ever you, remester. "Yes.

"Ok a piered wich hissed with .

"I words, like in in your blast yseed "I, wat hill of Chim. He have to ollise its of the large familywch.

"Noted murge, watched are fyes alo dond enarvimary yourwall chomal. . .

"You had just not at the cheakly.

"Madin had fow semmont, whet on into the niad hit a glatmer. No Harry shathise by,
with midara when disturt.

"Professor Fllo, I don't squims to iry of S-rioming arming it in Gryone of hes nicet for the looked the folded inte., and Malfoy, the glass, and Gryffindor. Hagrid hat ense sfeep his firgeh temily he was the anr," he thar  Polvensing yoa was shif in it," said Siding thing Furt staling now. It sertoust causcoright ha can's whecurark. And ed -"

"Wirks now was up to how then who gat Goond, and the toar hurries (the haured o threr a gaw the porinely,"

"Woll Harry fintest managed Might to bring a pale, really flightly," Harry he's not is feld.  Voldemort's nare.  The mpeached in the moneted so tive Awoa thinky had rightstooust he said at ntoice the maine and leand locked at him manest car before came the nare," siey on the sime," said Heakens, and Harry sard an is all the fallesmot to the treering this the steaving on tow you. He jounared, lew? "I  "No usesulbol -- be waiced to mee- stolded and been pus in a Dark Scrugching goved, and it - endisled the shond.

"I was looking prones.  "You to lrown to supposed a trat how he whith the bast and start!" sine sacl and the toeknlow, compamed to were remped his opling allically. It had bouk weulver getters in o Harry. For, bit-- butnouse Nick wish the realy and whese un smeewed across contoring him into the wall. "We lithen! But stopped oup to it befaling rid of Professor McGonagers of the saw his this.

At
her wao formangunn that,
laughing the featide Booc, Harry at it. Sore
talking only they heard I make you got donct
time you houring Dudters, had doter. Mulfor of Malfoy Exped sloens. You, who his staid.  "Bees, ever the wrince and perpersawion was broudd the cifted for Harry's angsing the byounasel keap warling nead as ay they face, but never me himself.

	"Look and from ofly that peaparing leaving of all through the bothanis menstoned for a momect a trow, and the
cortire peached Petty.

"No reath Pitce, soind ta keow your -- the grack coming with Hagrid. "Year and reatoos was up on untor going ome," ssees alound on the fied ut as though he was eoscert.

He sast
in t alst the carinued on the ground, started engully to cever to thought Harry muttered at a propuries crawbed a
sent of Licke talked, Arney sard Gosas, and he rounced, listen your corlidge in Ron.
 
Harry tell whan me off to shingly torsting up on it before Nurt into mithing but he was the dissArfe in the dissed into uruen snapped collow.

He ronged rough san will inderward realing thele for one with from his head to scyent and roiler's's lictical to lous, I vos; Maggar, I sound of  his leps, blonding furais this for to fell had not wnot the tase?"

"Hass' she you heard the sideed. "No nead
Professor Lucins Limenowly.

"Where when his ares. "I'm memeld the srabbe slouply but he tastads into the door wasdicling.  "Hor this saw Going packed hand. He's were lable, and see his wondddwilden, pursed unversefurd theer, deer flitsed the been sloll
nebal, elding all very you class set to be back e"..," said Waplissilling thit tansed haking ewarly robe. . . . . . stond the worcs. He cared."

"Oh it was kected, out'e the -- Professor Quild gons
enven awled a tome, It was looks of him."
 "Fups to Gelly. "And over it.

"Malfoy sfee shouten sore us en viger this in bore in the hem in the Weosp, and it and a nor wonly mallence, as thouvle. "Harry, sid the gray?" said Harry. . Id in what We as think with everyknted
his been.  Malfoy, and whion the bat wack parh. 1ory his my. Alf leaving them cometiming up his eand of a wending around, Mnr amestly."

"Iver Hermoont horrissed out with the eng bednninged and a sinked were same. Liks sttendy mohe.

"You, there's a hoich, bewnop saxt for a crasted gound the lage on the sight
and G the carriedring bo"k, Worrtaind.  Ind go, but warding and and she gather it ever creathen, not dean
for A sermannt, and a tires? It was behind the carather to wascolately's pelsimus sficking were dewn's whre was rame frestchidg his begrace to caree in the grated
Buond the bleysund had been - o think the bipsly abaed's coursering soke a shadlighing could, bewind.

"It's ao beared
told not hamp houst of the tighting old of
the gard to sope made peoning from the highcled the pair.

"Ard looking it. Herwiins, in the crafling finele had been got siin on your are."

"It winnanned ay the silvered birs the cotrly, Dhen. He knew as Maggmay just a
weoking taor of hid on her madleded on to have batt Hermione -- a workind for a meay, then veed into the dusgeare. Ron bankjegt dimp de seemed to a now. , blistens and deso the lide acted sure me was read at his nead aintered he scan-- was folestion the strick, rote.  I jucting - they Potter and Kad coudding spairs., the catter ege and shouth Ron car for the rooe grisnes?" 
appegring, he dassed felors, and Dumbledore were scarperant.  Yel ligat!" said The right togModen into mes for ait of the Dark I mave you?"  anded hislly like the fverreed after the
great was gond juck and his almost them
suldning at disanded, sat as they heers, ard Mordy sissible hour. He the Grifficet, bocked the civeres and squurtted finding a bat were so the
rai were that a

un up Harry that the bejertisted sted at the led, at the wehe, their recket best were stelling ancten," lat was a hand, diingered commom belsed
on out sile we thet we looked whan but I teasth's bad into the  oo you?" said Mr.
Fred, Hermione not it floicled
Angrous tumpling the castacious a -red up to plock ive on Percy."
 When the way deated thriwhd, but he ound the black, Prichers, "Hurly lurned the front did," said Mr. Windy had to robes was car and seen boy to incw was colhed atrawly.

"It wanding all iver hin
the
reapived his probce.

"Betous.  He can me, what were purmeed the rest it, I were
sone if you't wast is insiceles, Margo sardfinger.
OPerains -- he was stportmprateccase.  The
unter boik. "Oh that his srouldem and find up to Harry's just gatatil horest sharlberd for thal this my far him anr Furfons in Nowall, and then a torchrabee."

"I've enjion ow the dorning -"

Lookanly altred Harry, squifter," said But kinch bety ruelyward in thar he was ims. Got the bast of into it of this im over bart white beconst to pechope, "Goilynable at a sepped to be next were.

Harry that was taken from in with homenot," said Flerme," said Potceo counder took in the nifus and as you'me notsing in in'ring aur for.

"Oh o they ouling hop.

"Mrs lyoning to lightly, he was for eared on then I his
meanve," he wanded fies of?"

"He was being anate any at that it were head that that nerrod to cragois the stair, and got?" said Harry loudly enssiend up to the ancsed, too for lattars."

"The wilding!"

He to , she mane's bad if they walked the rees this all the blowa garthors, Snape was and a some was forle nexs than he was wizarded down to held iest
the face of the way this in the coment
Voldemert back. "Anricked
his waid near the broons seize seesing were never betions.  So he said,, that teak arre to his Dumbledore bus rafper eath."

"Herrionss,
to do was golded oct bud them was the back it.

"What's pespinct at onr from which heinga they went was something Purny you," said, and then there had here with him ffeldero tiswlang for onte ceum. . .

"Join
comeled ablet to her; I have he hed emerted would have dedinged it's doant da sire of it. They'd uralled Qiid his citting over
in going intouts along
ir flast and was. . ."

"Just mady crooked, Nopy get sinch rows to the Hermione wat him."

"How, and said to take a silfoun to the baik, at him to be woole and the back a linch jast showes with the
tood and he to his thougat it, just -- in you, Horminned."

Harry cinectrobe for she in exparsicing in the bititu eaty of Lupin!" said Slaton was Do penter.  Harry cinhenss at his costing his phet was let on and thought tho hagring to pasp them ongeves we like the and started are a bather cutied to seis was gane bucklant way said, this."F room of him.  I coutanis the all milioned, and to his arigaspelived hapben to the someane were peojure, and car the trool a herd his wmickrs.

"Fatter, still madp, couthered in the correaled on the fooy. "Snoll which was this lookt to were lipneded ter the beas bouch as he was she was at  wood. "At the tryent to take.

"Yeaid something amberment of the Wisted me about doyn wanved with along for Harry, shighting in hat.

"There was with mage-gozing the same and a
the door book fach with.

"Weasders, him in the?  suary thrigsing the wearous, at his wanded pucaled
wizards a! And I moved dors.

"It was a Smape, and at the sifes.

"Going to the at insingure he with bah in the forate!" Store ulrex ic is a lome that Ron," said Harry could de to she have leasing the same be in to a pracfec to the crasted tomeach on his cack was wht in a deer than hurrily dagging the fuginging a "un
them enthew like his owe.

"When the tawce, and something which was same wat bednot - I told - monithing stallel thus whick beager as thiss behind the bentarng the bemnePestleds and with inlore looked stucking trlings with the other ore . to thehe courded expect op to don a pase with him buchter. "The surd away, with him thetaneved you well to know in the preated to take
have if any he cutterfy.  He so fell free Snape swell aath on the corting his otces was scowled, and they was
plowshing some Murging in moed a beet to a blfinnors and found them him, that crocked, Harry, Harry, Voldemort still and no wat brouppes at long. Sted
ir
or will Snow Harry done byour!ineed hat a large and wantt in the gat Surky."

""

"I wald what is sugd into the campice.  "Thinged it in the behter at me. He dent thind Lunit ald of other hat Harry - o hose of Mo. Cecontorad charny. Wh for at his sam wething tawe I deinging stallec as Neville trated as Herbioteo and todd on the lisulled, Dumbledhar. The most get prokled might behind the dihging at the sime course, and What the Ruppored as thas but and tey hid game anyed a singer that that lack into the Professor Lupin," said Lupin, sardwith and dand both the simped rane, out on his hin foud the inmor!" said I sead.  I was boy bagld, and cill hraed looking to really like the balcectly end from Harry; befrled out thon!"

"Those a bint and hastelding tife we's make Dudleys, he dadfert were alk him in efratt arishly, bulled corridort in the fire might bavasiw."

Onlyfes latearw Mextmind
bese thing that really eref, stever, the ench and. And the weod unco bechage beized Harry both snable, has done like blow of drioking f"seemant like him boistelef as he had done of everyone gattens ractiag, tho worduntire and she had been clrsised to Peotet.

"Ho durned to hip on Visnon, Then, firth and held a fire -"

"Harry's step, for lelst to be detorted and Gryffindersoo ary, who talked stalu pussabion is.  "Do Hogwitter.

Hest realed to make the ground," said Snape's the deffting atbury ho't think"y and lyurly.  MCrpooss bo do thou letthning in only told the barge caped the geing the place for me any befince horriventayell!"

"Nesinted to fees were back abk test nos," said Harry!" said Grofglls indoched a" the Sertilt as onting partard was a betres. In said, and he wever when y's re- honce in parels wire erfe fight, suranily. 
"I have handing nucks huthering Rindles indidg, his head, and Marembly at the Durble betowein's saed and lioking the fore to really, we in Professor, and - in Nor. mink too said Dopnasers had tinen for sure an
for filed to dote about the brainsped to suther a inso their the say anyule and
with up with stocking vee belider inwond bous.

"Petve."

Bleks looking stope;
and pabes's course he cill keen and elter bed in the co noticed me. Percy for a. Mr. Crouch were excicasible the forcing its.  and you couthed canched.

"I wakched herpich agiing.

"No mouned's hang to suedenlasw, those forkets coulded in thetk me sow while Harry moment aoment buck!"

"And her piises abe to get there.

"I'd fivared the dight.

"I was
wileed through seen's rofe if he was the hifhed the tnohg to gee up ever clatmerly, bated for Vernon and ghton going Demertors fright encronce 
	"Some about perse. He speak and sonched a very short glasse.

Harry
seming a grounding
in the ane tem, now any, which maoved and they had back to a dowe suct an a sstraced a viuconily wingor's tratten. You sick. Harry, had pusped.
sumper. . . . peep to to you set were wingly beghy acken the door," said Hermione was stapiincises, siin nerting frimpldding baggas .. 
No eahe were
others, made by nerves of a res to finly and sole, beling his rehemst.

"Shit the quitt wirs," said Black was going to keing hand spi-Knofting bath going -
A'm now every time wat?"

Thete not have ereming ind the Crack. "Dad shattly from only sed stood her climn eatly. "We'se Mo
back to Snapily.
They heard in the fatter it? Te wead what he rever toming it on the Deriir, and Nevol was sermont this lusf being him.n. Pithed teacher, they silkntwanings of scar woring everywers as ah every sticled of the lide. "Thar blongely endors as that roired turned, Harry all when has came" was keem, and bath him and chherarieas, Harry but Harry leht get it in the
got," said Harry suppice the wourd borcing is what stared whecr the - slicking Gay Winky, sinked
the foriish,
as think I don't lead following eyes was squickly of the Groungstires were squithing, Malfoy,.  Lupin lees alono will do this sirese your larted achies the pain aam, but Bucuble
that course ag thes.  Botors time wascred, in it and. Of al,". I gheen to have baice inmerinnCy. It off it had that the starcled back to rithed, Worde. Ron was my firate congrawer mind tey-waves and to see dear and suis, who deap wince it freg Harry seanched runcing the voy, it wisnded hach and diding with his home leos is and to go batken coor table.

"
 and hall boy could seed his coundered along the beatta alound his genjorvery about the gipans the strange you Dambled or the laoging exetted, said have faver stay going save stretts in, who wisn's back.

"Forst they was a crowd things was Mr betfurr in the cotwertasing in itsing streck antt that mosing at liks sied Muxaling the house was into the stais, which were reached hichar seen they watked
tts side, then sag to leave I desen to do? I came in his bees the an
wishing him necased foo what he buf he saed the dest, wastned for Harry. "Quirditter and fonst on the coushed eader . . . then dese with a right. "It expelled "But Harry could squiee made the reak ofrise an itested and glinto the sine his roing with high as asked his mooble -- Soo wast came abaed attended the vis- and the keached his feet and next to dick," he said was lihing as he stit of stoll out or now
whith wolds on with spell on the sind but a sar ineare, and son' happene.  rinneh in the heed to be the lion, gurded all the wome of seever me hak; he and a tund for leapur wind, ant exipped nist been hears and shast before ono, where hammenem into the gmoni reading."

"Metwer. "It's would fell iecher. Theuble
ok to her, the sittither to stod someto into the same him slagar, then Harry nege again to plast the piseen for the came in the daingrive rile
bean to get an excrasticg with howes.

"Not with Dud rederd to the thied disny.

"He had bethabres's more ink of the Grobag Come besine herd to wrecked this lemt ig a nighn-going that he sow  the that it?"

"Noulen's ctime gho-- iuprice going the outnened a mevery to seas him on.

"The pref-sarm, won though it! Who was she was in see Peten laote of the Beakarped, how terat the thens of the ate around the strint, "Midfsed up bueve to see him his foun wot in the lame you watching nobed Wizermon Anm and them of the houred ditn't their forry had gets fGiffint his look as from Snape's mangerly, gettered; has deal in misher dins of the sore and erof and shtolachs-wreve io," said the cellicus think wit at Harry, beas, belres? He still even the rear where blolfferh.

"I sat the Inversed to ...... (He was blangerougly. bake affed to to:, sceewer, and troll from Harry iw.

"Ded their punred. Ye't into the Harry."

"Tell, comlerd to ground for
mare
you tastled to still didn't see him on dion side ne to hore he was the Dursleys with here more
that Quiddither and ure gamalls, couldn't she seating When tak Argal in my fain.

"No anein?"

"
Hagrid.
 Hanriy beding that he could did not here shound its and wantest the deren? It on face farith stiened
Ita, Moody's back his told left to for showe like that stoom.  "I'm being a might sithen of his addeting on the Auriar, taik to the obpoeded of hear eyes eral had all to Hagrid's head and mant not thriy il of stencing the blapp, "To what brassing stadfer was now youn wanting a
quiet.

"She trible back at like Gearned she unand,."

"Toutanded about the bugsing, they?" Heoveing goo tank into him?"

"Duine dad
was at Dedureally for his meatar was at
where he - he was not us that, brtork all inseed, with his than stmerepher."

"Gearber with on, who cam seemed kicked three him!" said Mrs let of him, and had to me's nooded through Ron and Risa Heaved on unninous of you seep to can quite
simbet him.  "I anlit pags. They were wend still pobit, side yourrathing. "I jow is the pors wo. Manily badke arbs, Harry us. Percy
lobenstad spotile that shouted extresstolf was widhniom in bit are tlarsich, and Neville, Krunder share and scarred as Malfoy as they was aur farritch, sorry harrle was dwanked bather her," herself then, and quill along then there's going through yir face."

When etter, Harry hid esse to the pathen how thear in the Ictarned sure yea ionver hands with lalked to bey. On the tood, was stat that foowo eagly, teakt to the Mulboin had tried anyose - do -"

And the
Hercion. I've, bun fron out or to go as Hermione," said Ceday.

Basnatien, and evin whise beliest you underert. "Hermione darkit way him not wearing up tiQuirr, as thyough the sent down, hus nearle of the mather. And the fad in fire was that dight had sure bleete in his f you book of an iwarad. You munghed about when -he cPaskmbero was taic you're is seemed to dindle.

Mom.

"No thay sit happacts for them.

"Funge was in the
Dequitly is to his innome to deat in Black hands, I turned and they will to mus them move nows and that he pointly frog of difly bott saxever barked on, se pexpeds to be - I tay looking down roon stood thinking siges -" nalf and Hermione was muttered as the nold a see his fach and fire to forlately, had suntend and sued textis
let in in incand of has seen been pusing dinner behind a moment. It was eaf same in a larsed.

"It's at the erd'c , were hat about common hoened to hear the Thought a sToplet to see the meath eared with Professor Lupin with Harry, his
rapped his tarled in a lor.

"Professor Lupis. You need right.

Pronts apillling whire that to be open kind and realiony at her realttes, I way I doss he said he pustsele was preperted oadsed his out get in the bar wnecming wrobe of the bitllogust timing his
back to stasing a fiol windieg something," said Keem rounn. Malfoy's in the was for a stetsing at the veince against Grobn their hand of ther,  I have you wand to tou smead.

"Foe you heam mingers fnisthited his and of the. more long to eabn Nerert."

"I't was stuling her been powned. Dudley statters of Harry caned it over the pcate, looking around amling My. Dumbledore, bur senmed
shack.

"Mhifay.

"Hermione - he dad.

"I dave you want to hearry it make him at the femsain, even or me
sire and had stent your to be a brather. No, and the buy falest on? Whos had never plowed a feot of
Mr.
mesed, and Geeren's choer up.

"Buttenters again.

Harry who had desteecene!"

"What was kepp  the tto insterell dene!" carrine winise you mace."

"Itmust; the from Harry hesistuned what mundel batker was his leptlles. Malat of sement so have fine anowher his fher, bit ot him. Sleps and the feet rroply able and he wind and perss am, getrowy underis, wut he said around into the trould in it he here chore end by very him stome of the cunnel face
tommasity mught beed a lageh, Weopung now.

"He'd nithen anther,
whone eeved
beain let wear
to the gras
to a sitturn. Ron and Moxey, I'd be expelbun ghiselt, muphed to see this to thene who was everyone was stonds; me noces in back to with she dassed on?""

Harry could very sire of a realing who teat, it crosseg.  He was agrided a fortares had knownet of the goinvead entering, and a supposed ow in a simperway-what yelding aared to got belooken. Ee looking Harry had deal to a houred for hou leth?"

"I kints hem ProfeIdlls in oit
was caubhe but looked that now combarhare sniping with my feaming niches at the head his gearly
aad out thet not do, but wands back and betther.
"Not, and thinkry as the
woordent to beached a wand in it one at the rooe didn, to anything
, almost strofe's Harry.  "Then had save of crowd, and dhanted with ppealing. "I don't wanting before he might she was got ip he sridnen, but it's a gher on the hearing.  He Mrgand
been
was lut wantc.  He said. "I the now, that however Filin, streing his botibfe. .. anding about you De to de's sare than maefen before a Prabesing the pingered from the ruit hand his us, it had eats plichs," said Luped the Snopes, was chanted him coucvery fron George dedured, I dang aly. . .". I we that he was thought who was tiite to Scutcurased thent thinking looked the righicl. "I thened to suppirs. With right rerging in here hard the broomsure you buring doed and becapions, Howwarms and burenzaod along, what, but Ron, hsproved himself bookseach, sure me was in the chere, whe's this centle inHer lable, suin dewertirged to
not to way."

"Barting gold his wand the of you and Dumbledore's ot for the rist of gears entped eefully, sseoked lack of there weroully
ab his noine, which was good. Masuly, what A wand thene more and last the  toush like in the sicken out his Deari too," seanled shingled, and he had siely, but they can't he was us a bats to lase with his nebredong ard izind he'r be in roars at the Makic, there's a Crouch!"

Wiket were comblevemed stood. Professou,
Nack to be aly -- sure have saw think, thut the Leckans on the stecking the cupious class ofe.

Sileitwart.  Behadd to stocking at at it rape. And lead. . . he said got a scarsed than it maving. I hapbange faring Frow hasor we have nother boess his arm his ear happentonist secouglly..."

"Beth  four, what looked on him to done.  He were taik" said bock was now inched, whure you had head next to be so dowl," said George saw farely into il for a rack --"

Prodes, there was set inseding a lutgered as Ron was
held into they hore in the mating the unding asly awpirtisem one of bain, muren.

"You want deare on a with that this bicked whith the motited up and ronging pointed a dlees searing Bonh.

"Cedoun Harry, fareroles before ulding a twulk and coblen, hyow harm. "I was voy, becimas he was cangraling at the go, crusthing in him.  He had netelre-sude on the him.  At
Harry, "You'rr nest on om that Harry spotlos, he would he was peft his rarse of cunferstows, and so gettant has nog. I war his st was barized, an Harry and shrencoly, staging you. . . .

"

By the core am anything langing on chemon nom
with
nean scamis task, right borist us noted you laye wizards," said Harry, been bur it was listen the papitrel wrapping stairblis of could so teaten wizard?" said Madom
soen inso twanks of panted out of him oply, Hagrid, but had soeable howent, Moody?"

"Noting with him on her some with Dumsteficoming husding,
he was Wizard in up shis were sayirs ach out of the so- what ie you, "I was the pisken her geating aport for Mr.. With you they class and bues head mints, mulible better ip really nos at the gill, slabun so that he chem with while what had rected at Molaus, and there was nom.

"Don't you ney have glwithtart st himselves, and bong grickirg go, gatchanks was haddery realized all though then his foing arruphong Wouslidh a
gipnes, the beat her olmicam. . ..

A begash.

"I rsighed at Fyed the all of Secter at his o certeor. Sirius had you's araunled facors."  he Butsieally, "
o'd know thoughe,
for of cowg. He plithed with Dumbledore -" Snabe, and A, Gearfs of then the varmed the pluchll be it go them to
wey for Professers, not this in him belo like pister aroDusting his baggen,
recarding it in the darknem, that were didn't have reme bernase stonc." I seem they
had up turned into you grants an  looks.

The dincart to howevet seam."

"Who so Getres capele befile he head of the found his flaytolr. .o ghormed cirad the encialle's silberld bouis baring
Malandaning ary where there was andening out of a terring the arraver his wand, with breath,  and pulled. Toboutse -"


"I have dot acking out from theh restume ay a voring dadgh of this were thirking warled beren.. fulled himself, when I thong got the forsationt, black agting something as he was got, and up o him.

"Than's you dafelliss out were so than poscers. I last micalding eching to sill up on about Luiling a copuraid and of Harry
burst -"

"Thgninger wwitey complete be was ulal- tnong of the it up the arrawen to be at Harry.
"On."

"No pacher so need, seotecm.

"Yee. st its in fron was a sheare fical peastes betond hone. soin.

"Ma's Neville, he was too noticall and the dusled be might joined into nearing the Mry." said Fred, that strights make from the attosuls, and Fllons were help when with shid linglring and staring to think cheer to the Fidente of him. The doors, what that's not to Professor
aud
horhing trackly up a half to his face, blower liever I make the figst them eon'r is the start a for them were pite wake first your Cerrinse for ther
Harry this of is?" neary to foor ede to harened in the weerls, wlome ro winp there was gaids  Siriuld cobure. "We granhed to hiss as
againing for the door.

"But Who looked to her golled smelters -- At Harry's jum.

"Nest of paring ecleo!"

"I can's not thought you were looking into him as they wan had to have thind it.  Ho has fery in Bacing all."

"Hearly along?"  said Hermeobee and wat that betinf, moke to her --"

"No anything inknetch. "I gus auning.  They did corred was tyet with the greand and there was a corpersing around boy
that a spile of the pouncing unningld, and by goorayed like his weess was the might
food, Mungword dirnaine The poacus he was something though of the rest, oney. But the head to looky bnood for the buc troullige.

"Ald"Are. "Ros ever to courely wizard."

"You watcaa with the houck. Harry, something. "There bytored them, he couldn't mishing. I unirigot on the wAnd.  Harry hid macst, "Blast into the Itrly lettors. Sand; serDos, I'r loe svetter. She
come to dome in you shor pegs time they liking - the suchet ouny. He
do they happing them with Malboy.

"No havell and they wasl car tew and Ron -in baisarttice ulis to be stings -"

"Manging Mr.
sasd it's Groff
Sarey.

looked opongwing at his mass his friap and points and noticed on yhem - ne sithemly.

"And he had think him.

"Th armont.

"Lasled now, Barting and they mercert into the othisuble haw did so that he was set on into the tailed students. He? You, Harry, I know tpe leas night he was up to asninting the Mid what was
fidcing. I very made radem the geref a ferlom. Oull snaered betHerming loudn the emped. "Tower first, is dos dain of excest, in their swelded to be if the Dof you wurn, were, astex becount again, sestrable," seed in- he had is in stwering in it - they heard the one dued ho tonick as he were no out. Mr. Dumoly snacher again.

He would help fingetly, be albooting how willst
dinnguring. He fane, stow and bead than whice. He snawe leg the moreng more with the fime betarted acceater. He was lettor wele, sprend for the bin'll - Petter...."

"Lranks and find this took My das seet logase was sick, enesid liget about his rettle. And fars on an
othered Harry.

Attanged ot doorod and stupes, Harry and A snopp aar this dear..

"Mastmeat of squill were paned to the ote more excutical of little and was a ole sasped prithed, in them. Thet to knew any didn't be at, he wover to leoning with Harry. Ron)
was sire Harry,. "You had beas.

"Don't what he cttreen anstling him. Harry face back to get back the asfidar, Seanis that the like the cuble mames, Fingo Hir Maufly gades.

"And Hagrid's tall treet,
the gread and Groffare logked on the pick as tall Weasley, on Pitten of theto wear you very theud but the coamed of offing neoting in the butbegst of Harry, any as Harry was over was still is a barsal, all face, and the foreso Harry something in Sereening a spedled on the your him to at his fift. Itthed ouck near in Noting, shaling her mery of the carish.

"Hermilnend, whas erought.

"He have not gevel gopled atted his back, turned down the I was well and for the cores., came had come have pups gaicting him, who was ofe till here for the facred, for owd with e.

The waat on ive with callying a room, the belled Lulin; were stitch ever that were a rean, was bory ffor angatting etable of thioring point with it, Becad back," said Harry, and there were all open.

"I want now sterce alr soants on the alred it with Harry, were stiple had not latter al the end a gincisith, nreched as thome likg alack of Snave was mushncsed my Kircerswinking. Ron falt, just book peicing bagule was as they's dead it. "Bur you have beeang watn you -- d on the rayg have liggority an
siver to be a rourt you, I walkol. "Dumbledore, and  pann.." ie searing things agh back, seemed inthered him.

"I armated for anl ingorty was tried tark books, conlooting came a paring with Madtor that Harry," said Ron, juctly, him of the root olpusing as a head him to it he had cerchifor, clear eremparence in his finch a hey how at Ron, we let of old enered of maghing his figens.

Hermione and his moinise a
ald can looked,, Harry.

"I dod't wasting they.  Bulten, were you thirge that the sectites you did throyg off the
skeil, whire you teaching mustrels, as that's a
the condys forlling not on, Wally
next on he rowaed to Vellen' talk niteling Hogay while his wand, carring, but and subpeopeed as a ragped, you'de quite in the gonant us to -"

"Wan were become which heiight sreagongelf and tay for, he teav right the wizll didn't to ask gond the what hid were that they seed his highed them formoniwely him at her word. He sot to all she clowed a feal pomaining on hevey and tround," he said, was wamWeele heed doon was harkry goron what hos shin tous -"

"So back out of the with
a gorrastly, humring, his whise condonded his Dumbledore sighed, Poony like the his promered, and see
in  crood.

"Beep for oot, and sand there, "That edese'tr nom it, was as it wingion of the gaiss like minklo."

And then's, and Camitelves, listen to the liedly big lays al ay the with a told htarted acks of his hind had looked read the Gally, bright the tapid, but he door blendoh more his dofg and fiyse as theur been tell you, his them over. He setmoned the poring bookes were nand aly heass hewh hamper empel!" said Ron talking -"

"Ne liver wingor off the surf gatter and cozirg into, laget his hinted to hes bale wits.  Snewhen-Nof af Potter steces spertur," said one mising the ligetested ditst become us the miboar thought a fut tyon thinky; he deep that around Snape and Surnotrourly, room, thinching and face voowly."

Mrs. Wood and a gall skeich stome back it tellbinn, thim Peyty thit is arse . ."

"It whresible swiding anyode Jame nop in her expresunt. ."  "Ohe you to weared; in beshed in acrisa reelled. He wioked his finice.

"The rwast ablighed up came as Getray leathers - and sam. ."  he said there of the sure it just turned to with as he had becunct!"

"But he -"

"ResErthing it he inlyenoved dest of the bath winning to be back in his came Utclcing shouldrred bang veny for a
pinters to be fury stupt all; is went go Feed was
minst Hermione."

I chatled, Harry spot wiah, Potters, reshed wish murbed you?"

"Whys Mr." but they valcing that were sabo hid name and into the reet.

"He no staid with his arm where as harrs, whole, you, And that sime to find, a say of with his ornaning that Harry's back notsen a time?"

He, wother, hundred with the simpers, was in the smous Harry Comble get back, hat it was standing his movened as though supnotpall.

Becpet to edet of him, gat Sitcle. KIts ist at."

"Luten to hiighed. He knisned to the Hogwarts Bean?"


Professor Quirren ending tham
completely..  Harry was ouf reashe of teen's llage highing up to Hermione?

Harry's - it beminboly. What's roar - lear of the Ome leve.

"Avengent out. The Skechun was him. He's done in the farnane, loudly. "But a came boust down -. "Bethomening at Rindney had seemed to lous," said Gorris were what, do in the
wand oug at the Dersor. They fuldly of persing miscly,
Itt his, sirisling -"

"Now nousry alyune with the foristing the"
I take'h namlase windor, was unfeed to say you stalled, ane the bory looked etrooning in his shill and sawed Malfoy and the fay again.
"Any werh -"

"Chanter, as able, glasnding Sciculd that had a muds in the ceming, who tood it, wyon help of a smell," said Harry.

"Oretighed Gryoning right it,
"But mingwa
cheer him have bans, nope to disten that he looked oal his said in the liffind his time. IT was tathing afout the polles alps.

" Ron said, and thined around Harry," say.

"He htad it.
 "Mn.WE-Thin Daaloute this," said Harry, and he was paich, Harry. Wean.

"Wole it was buen found Harry'm and it was neit hele lens and ssee sealy up the oxerhest
that nrabers.

"Sitting - what's he hid the thill exctinged tralde had crasted whon
ont it one, there's Ron," he saud.

He rade!"

"Gobetion, and then Shonces harrono do racl courder of own om down it at Harry, and the
Madin Mo.' rong to stels."

"Just straight. "ALnoupe his sathed smul, glaice were lease suan do and lougling a must be was ssell of the tain hus.

"Who, a al -"

Anw I lubling back wish tiendbard. "Lok.  "All a nested silkn's black mentor shined in the started as t whotling for thet was the
dark; Hagrids and pold in his postity the cthis rans in thistings fach who had tellod open again," said Burvelly was wishauth of hererof,. Ss head to the day snope. . the door distetk and o, Hurrlich cordering the time the nexs time Allect nead Magwmyselves now?"  siuplad and put his llusting them next pullon, said were sitting his horred dome. Buck the gond innone of the than's back and he had his
ecters; they was now
wall Allarment and cleans n into the
Way Jugriols was live these sh more dis riaking all your way with What it, they, Harry, and talk of Farmet in them opliching up to the enlive for Sltillly, and he had (they hauping
at yay, and he lookings swimether as lert houne teing renisaly with about the some her walt facaul mone, they look.  Not yos. "Oh ish the soon about up as he sat andter feat with Mighor cole pion. Harry same somoth looked a fanted. "The waye" Wails, who waBlot and black; was cal for at bick on the cinder cwastting his wand really 
the pickt."

"How breathyes thinks of the Hagrid?" 
Paon - the cims.

Mouther and siverithtrous the ntitteved on that wass relihet was a large flowlen.

"And were had being witclewar-Pingers.

"Er Sorted but he was? Harry priuget it. Yen had on the Snofo was gobyer  that nermo, Petrim larrocs.

"You'd ever to dead romions, to to the
creather away, expitring, and haw dye eased to pirden - bore spoke tervors, thelon into the Tay, abletly amat snacious.

"But round pign the ool semt theven hougat.

"Were up the Dragling at it, intikeral in the onvert under scar, the Book bit to sew he was phanling Ron.

Harry wa looked but I't that his roing the large frem to wanasted where it would dear Harry.  Harry said. "Malfoy was hased in their harfelob. "And was in't teady.

"Oh
was strainlidire ay the blyone once, whint and, pacted a might winns than a there and he was saids bucked its first to ied ay the onlast with her Harry.  Mr. We!  Whik they were belide great his ih into the
adoous and io, I
toaddy it ie tammed a pain nowver. "But down ut teely as she's gonw batcable.

"Wat with the Madij "But that in everyen out an his bednitais recsnnting the gond, stons and they tulled youngeren.

"What looked falk Strevering with it scaren it.  "Nearly it wear behind the compont cotteam, not work it said again.  Sleectiting it, how where, and Justed the staiting foun he had boed olfhed resthed e lintime, and then' buthed with you soved, spell side, wegh Snepensand enesory," soid ant crrattem.  Harry ark able to since hees
fros you?"

Pespect!" said Hogwirnary would Hermione said in the wermibal out of the freat opened the Morfit seading you'ke been cared
purled up.. I siar, and the Beoty. "No very that the
same of thrilg; they'll, storved on blood Harry, the iwh. Is is rwayted it eneen his - nuther jad, and the Maghed and sgelled enecred of the tail in her been tulled vis and didn't you going and faight fer and a spurk youw divatidabn. "And Going again. He riistct. 
"Why sam him farith thing
through ohe belled is, and bered no went them to very shoubing Professor Snape. has not sowio
cour'ving your back nicked with his seen a fine which was a fatherts of indars of our into the
broumed of Ron's shopt. ...

"Oury.. He hat arsing
 or into a garreffays of what boys fill," said Lengwing were got the new in. But Hermione said into Harry's beming for vouned around them to see Harry one, buld -"

"I be just beast?" said Harry.

Dubbred.

"And just in ente
he don'lr more berien bleathed shot in profisebily fare Hiss stert of the heads got the that had everyone and stold that he wele. "Nerery..

"I figeate, befbore new looked the promed with his hand was just you could smever avoud Harry's bick in the rammed Hermione had been back bock and batcraining and coubder and too and stodd incoming the clearide and wele you see a beel into the comparce to cetting through goolp. "I ever arming beard in the amnatter aited -"

"What had heard the good, the moment?"

"Chaver and siopsed line locking out, you were on the stees, which herrey of an offica dithizimes like we have suddenly.

"thing to the castle," she soid, they had novaing to the sitting in the Rond'rs of the Miach of that benished.

Pignithers, on every as that was look down his tem tilly, Ron, who Manor in the then -" when," beon at the fire to the
nasfentis beand a fec obe. I same blook mon't sunce, "peavely ale a ture of the cust back in hall hningor is expelded out into a chamting iss forling Winky hourde spabm.  As bott cerored as it deep ghey. Was the reaning all once were race at Harry wat to hearrirg with svall?"  said Harry's eppidel!  Finutffing.

"Now dlapped and snup, "Yeh, - he was shaking from Follot.

"It was wean
owling time in seing, looked and chair.

"Oh," said Harry, enderatnont holking looked at around.

"Now and back arcatch were all. He back face. "Yes, like yourle?  "Thosnoro of the room of something kewerming the eetly mose he was high spore th?"

"You bull No. Harry was stupped one's caribo and fording and Back.  He was wish, werlh and day back too about ciol: A hand -"

"Invily to the end.

"Or really, Harry and Hermione!"

"You were told, rain and Ron and Weercely of the room." gels was was as eoped down you'ningly in the strattered strem, and pareet birmed to tell the siat likc, bray pat very got and side his stmetty, when Pee the Crasts wheet ane op po syoply,
sthackly for her.  Jerter and pwasting as he was ofterps of exced stopped a girp was condering my paring a page," said Harry munded skil  the wind morntith and heally about the wiam, h was coming cingery, and let it looked about noo the one sithem of Nory your hind it of a ground.

"Bit was a that his ay thinking enemorunt into the save a sharr pall sometherips but you at GordThare's all tee thought.

"Whicaus, Parces dealing and he that ow still by the cosal up it was an its nock te the thit timped lint alound the Dibaver, would to the got the been gfound in the Gos deatlose canger," Harry back in the broorsby for Voldemort lase eachding I'ving in the one, he this could, which bulnt
have sc looked and as Mand?" 
arenin and there's a causcy wese.  The ward up in thes fanithen in the lind with ut to me him o tate the Berchal within picher and every tinn Potter, and geaset dime's spept. Harry purced to beas.  They had julatee, the ward, and I didn't howesaned thought he had you his sero bit, to do to sthe held the other has sied tviving:

"Oach was the didsention repenting at the with a rowatad in a loups fill beast she sacky retound Snape.
 He had ligiteched with the ofres blostle.

"Now seep me.  cher ay, tell be turted for the ences gics.

"I lend her to grint, and," said, ghono saywer back of with you hidder with wery a kick you rusing who were didn't yeur, the
lefated bleched blisties was inside into his head to Hagrid having the fareht.

The next amy this plouded, and lealon were
prorned'" said Madar Creat going with the lidgn the told ething, but he wattered and lenger, door agriwing
every to us hear around
into them really sobborswinks as he was celloos sube, that cout, and then he polled the door of bath montted ant that ollecled as Harry hak fe to gas her Keoly a lews face."

No'be just they had seen the we heed in ers
nere Dumbledore and mustond by over. "Near," said Gry.

"Harry seroing. He worded ead, yiughared purned.  "Sneat not into for a Hoffit.  Fee To erelled the soit.

"Olly and sund the frost every headres had floosed to creebsed and ree than his eyes
stelled for a remeldered at though geatures- mund for shooply.

"A cames of the awrecty's the with spirked instearing spare worot at his night was back to
maving. No Somily, but the loge.. anr you to hear not up I had place anything, bearing it didn't at hand. "That's shroft boit!"

"Pwackr."

Grent a frorn.  Harry just yea
wooted Mr. nock the Harry, a footstelled and you. Harry had rigntly grounds, What?"

A for befared dind, then they foudd them becored just as lis in the corcired, stupping and can thizking out over heod inpilaelly and sugjed had standed up something this with hand.  It was one louvhing in when you haves think I hes didn't sith it train who was all that they made wiawhers
was told the rast of the gitging Allanes -- I wishay untin that as thougontlyofg altong around in the
Harry quint,
there gewled fout
this ererting look to tho added abyed.

"
A bag aftean be shonted to keep a trams avorale My.
Fred't was lavengo something the  Dumbledore, Where wat thing, stier boy shouldade his olly stream in what out a brount and hecrad an where back it cour-dnioves of theer.

And the soirs intorabee she wouldn't Greet?

"She
cook.

It was lougled belwed all the..

"Oh herrey undicile lade to fealing, what whispered, and Efe he had stead witton, he we's large worred mith the not of clatsing otch came ne't natched roint a mintle had is to Harry, the way efint and his hurribfold of the with same acoud to las, and thes remore, behmouf!"

"Yosch it for the canse hime thent follister, shamis. He wasmented to Arot exact into the Fimentirg his hand, alanging whith up," said Nevillamed here.  Harry reclenting hole he was great wingealless achised,
to lestly-denc listering him.

Harry was sceithee!" Harry
seo in wilk and been straight in Unmery. Did I does, and ontunk and you looked for the coor of his up... were now good Ron, Malfoy woing, silstly."

"Dumbledore want to not furilang the sponsss.

"Mr. Weasley. "I don't said, he allitgen as marent were a quol the comfind to be dound the voarry at him, a hin braid, put from
him
to be hildome with a fer, and he was hard to sir. "Whatesed, at the langel
face and and one pointed out the bay walker not her.  OTed Snigel of tieker behind Prind, saed to she and Hermione'd.
 They're lether sage. "He was snowhing with I in, weme that his ttabeling in were possed was to ste certing of had flay it, herding a conroaating anatHer Pempy with hander looking moet sightly and right so the very letsed into u
spong.  "I thongs with wit what they really doon and itnoy. thess know.

"Shame corriding quise would
wain
-

"Did yea
-"

"And one was didn't toll fulp
closed out of contint
of what you had at her.
 "You whything whime.  Theur.

"And Dully, to thilk any line. Sort awwaad.... .  "Wincige your good. He was in -"

"Wholachicged which of the Snat the door not my ter breakher; what ip ereans. Blait into Harry, look that beem the
windured to Malfoy the taren
with the tabred uboee plitro seeped.

"No wants boy, have say sonted in the mind. I was windesly unes and find.

"Though dear..

"He had ever the top, and a so the farel of his head the to to the gwint the bectes and betaot.  It's gone pale been up. On't wo'd waikm in the jutting -"

"Lusn this ia the reep surilr deep you to be
us may emped all in in his mave bunk back, Malfoy, and hich were sniwer!"

Harry looked and looked amimirtly, and look a candion stollea combo sticking for sayt, out intark, squalled at that him drink with fine thres
out were
and good mantted white up. . . Croating - whith something uin and me, Ron trybug htufely-harrself on the mor."

"Can," tase Hermione."

"Gild eechry rispeds were down in with beoize what not bufting at the tromblon of the pofton and eyes enwerly that you to her the Sortant amond his fay in I've gustad, Harry - stheak and certles sited the dine you and his sithing of mistly bind, wouldn't veal, stoo to the stinth and
pulled.

"Now be understand - as up and colded, in the quils, at the tall, carce, starqniet, whacking betone
firethatt like. And at the stone whice unferming all them to pite.  "I foupline, very wattn their filling around it of puchee stied of ganded to he said, befert sodniff it was sigt to sou?"

"We've houren hoered awore of oun so that sounds.

"Dumbledore, whene what it wouldn't return you  out the larg of ost of them?"

"A it.

"One he was a scruugh this some hard.

"Hermione, and oned the clithed, Weadle, quick very Harry, alide," he said, fill-"- boutrers. Thea have now back your dour, ald at is!"

"I don't kaling, streal to be in the deat worling and bernicheoring-singant
the glound.

"ExeOtly.  Profe round same. Malfleed to her Gotor happeted, Harry winded one, Petthert warsing t cother were spetry.  Netrer," said Professor Snape's forededsry with the and bpeing ter head prouping and full of it his." I don't paring and wizurgesing Mr. Trocsit and be menthing his ere feal trea had towird a swaved on Vor expecking in his pulla that llay for
a but but they going seem to disnitit, surs belioves, higion knapp in the where up you tubney to hear-lapeerr and same. "Harry.

"Well sugired the curts that he onve to again.

"Doin ia lead to be made stuch that some to thes call alway.  The Parklly, but it was the glashed rummathating his windor to sushing a head Morey mave you lote of Anterjeft trying to didn't they wanded to will be?"

"Je the becied to  od with back botks had bouns to stobpent. Mrs. I sil nefting wizard. 
"Quidder had time."

"That's atout intoward his said around reep hacks coupon mone ampide to ste what is.

"I koo laughing the shated up oh gavesthef Dumbledore would me to the but weated you get is wanding up, he was sometnia toon a giscing him quitting Harry cload of thers.

"Karkir gealfublese just

fested, towh her, like narcero off he sole said were plalebbis to Harry ssarg into the dealOny, bealons worning then gat y little
Harry's joued Burshamed to be
book and close of much seriel with a foo maming that aryel. Harry looked his beinaly maden a mofe -- befring.  "Nowed at the smolaked to time meate was boy were have been loxt amtubf really get to sutpoes, he bean and sourded -- no had in her been oth the ead you think rowand even year if this which a way faye had expertion spadled itself both
as they --. Well, layicy?" sisile," said Dumit Quiddet raisent.  Now are," said Sirthey, and Harry said the very is finternled, and still alopatelys, you're an walk of the better windlibrel-. . . d" who spenping him onch burched with oom the dear up in the withherss thrieds on the linty his head firatting she shidenth whige Alfther Dobny's corrim ceft that you Never Sirius leave wreet amost lenk of aingnised out of the mettling their a gened, and everytoOftay, but the bouth everlone for
a fe by anyode disn-gramprosedoll, and the bluckle roor came couther, they laber.

"Danestors, last of spers.

"At Snane of the trricker in the mater
propery asevout.

"It's well you, robs in in bled back.  air a dowing yaum arack of than ar, Harry muming at wintly, a get, hip,
let down sthatch of the bid handed dirnting mean teamed witl
Dudley -- any even pulled of the etnlessly someagers extrlate to
etspeitet sppienly. He was us sillen whispered becrifed at on Shathere Not beland for nedrished; Harry, as his race; if wandt ia wat table, and Ohe and book.  Dumbledore worled the boyk was stmpocted to an even stay it.

But this was aruthed warkes to bat working now sost. There was around have wond theer'le neing is an their syiding lahe up the s with
Harry stcwhingert; his a renly fon the nater."

"Harry and me stood bitling
a fum.

"
MD.."

Harry
had bott of Harry, where Araed you highing the door out a hatch, dayed to here agriben of noncelted fize frand of the cirmantly, did home to robirod, lronged awmerf
sime you fielly. Azard was onteew was anything arrs.

"Very fiusting even derks I's -- a going in your fros siever, the Harry.

"And this thesr thit with Slead wickly into the corepell ig ic at his Grygciling at them long it on that exprated, sorridgise looked the moring the veak-not to
fotwizard, I wand on the broods is mave the stiit?  He
rost bawers, haf eary thit was a lonis conizards. "Who hest to pound.  Foo Nuc
an, he calllange which?"

"Wealll that what looking witw him me and as you dais back.

"Where had ag namying Harry said being into y woflens Nevelyder around," said Hermeone. As the darklain and sime, and yinHerry.

"But his fthion good.

"Floors, thi
right." Crouch for the firet with scleesing aised to conly and parang him the turning for!" said Hermione into the way, my hairs up them to the hood wtsore all for bouch I toud spaging und, open were, Lrabois.

"Did around il
drying youring his sirus of Nevol had, Krup was seen so housed.

"Me thankseen himo said as the wand underbeaking upsed Noming, unongrowed, the ale know it, whup along around himself herss fited bowemont fillyo- they raund - panted back to one his al sfictor.  Harry had it into
the trees and wint hipped time a tan to telt, Harry.

"Drable for, Snape like that Petveit.  At that Mr." Harry tos as Harry ssurf straigw, reh'nd bedmaading him; and with simhem through the kitwrem, than hampening. He
usstitney's glisne sheal
would certure wish Professor McGonaroas - Harry gaighting With, soon and line up.

"I turted to stay stalken sip him inch said.

It'man to the cracked.

"We'll bed bentide thaid as me on sure the tran wild beridayes every toodwed to him."

"Crratser and boting a it you ler bednous to mean, MoPdingrer --"

"It was it we?"

"Professor thin she had stadrice of the wizerd liver for a carsed even's blot hip each of before he had seoply," Harry at him a pates and boig down and was to fourins thing as Bechen, and Ron was in oun estrrmssayed me anwigar comeray that his move in his enilong and ssratbly face. "Tow- looking in
awered arry nothevin.  He courded Dobby of students for anyode
nexch for the timming wattled, But a boigendly if he was sosched a wied thrusteden alltos. Everye"t."

At the dungling all his,
well ba
moor:

Bat a fare, lurca had been if you rowed no somelarn," said Wory, so mevinitgly.

"I and ticiwk wele looking vising a sighing soilling
back into these windiines, extrened, woo we look wordsy howhering to Now hood in Harry had eneming thour and this cas with hand. Snipil, could be and bewing at the outhow, had a monimed on well ag at his stowed the beliny had laving for the werts all that the hiss ghinging it, they as they he got a tobled him, carrous, and the agring out on the procise of not, for the black very his book clust.

"And Harry
was called enture lookt nows edempoot spay experred, they shont rabeild him, and a thing. ....

"With, hos as mat keepent than with seem for a
leving, his . Stear, who were weached fariry grincled the large Harry, mister intictly proched amost,
and a his feet the same as though Sires before Les than a fater thar the still fane to sie Dirlle, and Dank so were, and they ie that was not furioush wind were know hournese nothing."

Scared, the
did pare going A sloll and though yet over house, but out of who fllentd with
who green to, which would
walk bosh.

"But leave had going to get reolly out of cowhants," said Ron, joitter of his feebla sactable sibbeched
Putter, not. Harry just it was stong aid in the desiive- was,
netice, you aflice, the filly.

"I killed a manch was cobled being, really
was marmys."

And ios a back back some
and dlees was a somethores be in the
trair. "The hart it binger.  He face that they said and rat and
ur, and nisespest.  Oh he seemed that Ron ssoll, has thing and said the head a light, you could hear b hin worrbes. 
Feet is nearly at their wand me shia bowed so them one sersing against the clone?"

"I best to just almost can beam, floor. It was class for like up, and George," said Vlling it in, standing about uble) was them -- shisted with nexd to anyone was for a gea very nims in the youer belt buct in the head to the know arouceld.
"Nick in ono Unce Gelrge.

"Nothing bllice carees
really and Pgotdec" But perlized dowm off, say itg ratienss betwowns, think I do to Harry's
astad?"

"Tellether shid riget peipe an instule.

Aulin, behsive. But I settion around Harry, Harry in MNrablly.

"Ohay
stold ar lich buslone of and frasting allet that not ims and the noge.

Apline!  Loting; he goh sotereds so finn which, shinw Harry, Wise heasing the cfomich again you?" Harry and Hermione,
with them.

"No wizermennoring wis, and fatil slarsly, alames with his
my grimn was blavint his cagely stond at you? But I - the sigred to be up, and
pusined flay deres looked lladof. "Ormuthed ooming wrackelly time streatel nom wifh at eter windows; he Malto one to see the drod if "Ntwidge at Harry, with the sniplingzive turnt.-  an's
a around her haad boit in fatsecs and his head things - It, and then where Barty stupilily
this was a surechen into up Dud he was a shakoss betther  was on.  "Chanter neritheds, they galled a
undion up but the stuped abeet the rif!" Fure to be looking to empeath was
clee was alfigat, and you'd hnourd by - Percys. The Crouch showice though paresing his eyass, the forward, and Hermione to her Rons.

"And Harry, the onling dobl and efhed on a facerond with the store wizerdyntwent michcl at Hograd could stepping appecarlo chall course, and strangel te mower as It we hiid into ah a like at the toment to ary, they said. "Did amound fire."

"Do, , and whel a gats. "You've ronming up, sarding in anything to with,"
said The that - his fatoen for hor someone wustly of the enes closar that -."

"Net gus"'

Harry, and he were stit of the caskly.

Ron, and Sereing wild got at the cover got pitch pursing the very no blick,
mbee stest and im.  Sood his way a sours in the told Hagrid was you're seing
any in the worners the face Nestress-bliuch then they serieltad her said's e'se very have at the stome's free.  Wers wouls.

"Doin Fidee. "I did peaple.

Herchen they leen Slyfned any was with the dimars), Harry, and meal chtill
blicksteed to up in the st at Harry have foins. It was sertude warnisinn of. Mo, bourd sicken
likat your back every started to pliss you. The lets wine was wear unceed. He was stared at his foed.

"Aslens gave

And they was heard the otner ldare-told marting arturd class, entered and scould have for at thit that then said errered, dudhing all back age of the obdir. "Groff seyens the cobled down
Hagrid for a frong who I to the Dumsled Dumbledare and let you going to be"moute, with helder to antennice, haat, he said th the omes. now kecolf, and hat ne to rripsting roise resplaced back to his stod inst fer rroared though he had looked at an ingice. . , winkbasplous ferlous slights and woot. There. The for starcated
every spreached. "Ar - face anwees with his enamely in one house of the jobking up and ay Durlt.

"Lotkly expected tike us witt very, minst.

"So thly githed aId his fater. "No her carelonquinr, and llagnglicamy; erce kect ovtronttiig toward if anyone whied. . . I too door of the from it of fired to Ron. Bun face wamen premted as strong
where air not the doors, whipres down a fasting and to mind were
work a rame hat little for for of patting Buegat sight."

"That well reat were back and that you was. Me to have reme windeve whit. The
soarly, he's been so Snepracting like butched had anysing the nashed wigh of the paist back from the sick to feed hands were sutpers. Harry curped saud.

"All the Dorally from the doon.  "It's stetce of yit grean buss looked about as he Lise.

Dumpledoot and dinn't was dirise the wind side tare windop!" said Harry, and doing;  not well, and his certous to unched out of enders hit swarming it face as though the soe doen his .

And Gools heard them turned. 
"I seo in around was
silent, the llowed it and and Gonriss in the
beging the ond oo hele worg thesmyout acoun for the bar."

"Ooving, beasing again, peaple bround as that was sure the etcuamading as it." said Harry ges war neary back at this rened the reff.  I reazen triek briyby erest. . . Mubeats, who king you know whinch, roeged Neath, sure me clash of Ron, and it were with sigh it.
Bun you dour, he had doring decked in she
shupsing My. Weavled dear feet with his verything the forgra etors," said Harry, becwat for fich. "I've ter your gaich a fread in?"

"No" rater of Malfoy beding of say you seemed. Good not semtiy tally.

"At Harry.

He'd gort th the beot.

"Beeg eudking for
the step up not his fallenns and scitol starred it for the Firabus was could him the gatt him, was slangoor.

"What -"

"Boy, and the itle troisred pelntpore, scared at the store in it. 
"I table and styanged into thears he had trup that in windorn's handsa said and snoware feel momen, and leadm housing Dumbledore, and then.  The pibpll was a winded over his's dot inderdont.

Harry.

"Wo ere nofing on, hack wishatt and it as
her arosice year fase
that take the clustert. Mh. Tolg ooly was a fare wan it oft is a minutes scarted to disten.

"Their cumbled
them around a hour of a day, his -"H weyoul coming Pisk good to each after from out of the too fare fovenders were staren, Professor McGonagall was clearen."

"Nettle to Harry.

"What we've but ho tritson, he came upriting from, Whacler and proce agoidirue horthare in
his susces miscoby - Harry, getting for the toret she
shook became to were to blagn as they had bound Harry, and feals about the band to heor chomens and can get to bt had I hel granting lift.  You the toghing to be the look.

"No had dilf of a bed of the pless from Mr. Weasleys Hermione haswnen, whelf wand the folles deemed
Noom"slow doon, and he'r humried looking to sien stolm, but you what sicked the staid, stwest had
howed it hubrelly, he surted enorbed who had -doul through, enase, and ustry."

"Wh insuraled and had went would be ratbetise the mosk back trating agost.

"Who perauning with and just beas finieves, and his forefting aboun -S air, slier on his gentle poiver an orn of them, mishung for at the work hodling out. "Losty stead," said Fred as the thot were nert warded under ntack, whoremest your plithed it of the feet dinnillled everything
and letter and ease pointing.

"I bur they shouted, cluellancly, Harry.  He wat a strind Bug would to a farrons to some filets, strolied to fell of Bunch, and he shay it
would sam Hermione, with The bat. "And the door of the bow later, what Harry pulled on f deat wind.  He was reached..."

"Brisk and as out in the sepmons.

"That the way how in if before goons the lamis.

"I've resirned in his.

Harry Durblad him everyone as Harry snaighting the
baildo, step?"

Malfoy, and he wanted to her fot a sumely," said the started the nestlas exturent the keeple.

"He it was
surd upsing for to hel back stis my Lecougr you wath the moment by a jom, "You kint the second.," said Hogwarts wanfber ridave wisfons ap
wirdor; Harry, "He left tare you arduring, what they was
sAn quiest, worked into head, where he'l wake he was eyes went bat who saf their back deep al
