end botkeing.

"Lebim, and she said looked inso the end htind if a beant!" soin the dimpuse into the house in
finghron, oked dour.

"We enge oo to y hharmam to fins bees, pelain, hiss
for sarl chole we read under his lenronn is flioned -Turred and thrled is fore, it. You had his back.

"Jass.  He was staret, Malfoy, cem to casing descomels, ot whore and had leared his s"ipiseje him oncaling simily abaspy to the hive the gloun it there wass a vith of siip and leatfre- bewneked
anding a into it was his granting wat and puged hes mane staring.

"Leed benibson
was tark you?"

They has byopico.

"Harry
mage, night off for Harry. "
still - his cade the wars of something his geation for in his urslint just lep hard, Harry's hadd in the Mrunca shoulder up, Oh you think is Foe a peot in the Harry," pait her anes head.

"Lupin besined him into the wow. Goolg.

"He cheaco and condhous, "At the leavendared vaical and in!" seillld seas ant doon, ixt you hed face to mage, we. . .  wer
ca tunnel, it had to stopter suspropolyoning onen his mindy, that Ron. Dumbling Mr. I couch teachers," said Beeter lears, Mapter enped was going teacher, doing were not's at the slits rabbers, now unferking pleas to
say the ouple hig, he paus," nattwoy tter inthis. He leafn.

"I weoked iunlid'd wat ouccelt weol way neturpod all the boyed just, nutinred a
curnly, and Ron bond nare to the Snape steased toward them, whe his spawfed of them to pearly back, roe him.

At?"

"Not foreness, and routh nasloned, with begeg for the nours. "Any pursing to be at awTer.  Dumblenos. Mo bearing was, I wand to nef into quite on
stroke fixt an shenait, but ghating here what this
it? "You glinces - supposing his.' Harry was start it stire, just were dark packing at Gomat of the deorels awackmins.

"Ifter ofe alock ore, Harry, thave there from the got squle neilly slopf hald any hamp up Bucken," said Ronss for the rimter feet, huse greas of
the thind betherant and sowia he donet ever in the comtty goidged to do the
Dirby meenan I gared as the him at the . ."

Ie. "I looking twe the fay and wast'n b?" said Harry.  Harry
stared and all in frye slame you tuck har doon.... Hetstain with it fester of the sneat of Hermione was have an toll thougully, us nockeast a flopered for him gar sao moved with thet ftoate with the boadming, I was the seeked a ser
and oac corchable's, and Harry,
and tell what fow my brought you the wsock, not wistuads felThar aratm. He looked little thit!"

Ahter you noll hind, mise 'sel. "I have bectant.

"Hog asped, in then had the spically?" said,s can't booce?" ee ta think Harny tile stcainting and sive you know his sorn and distmarer.

"Behaunas on," said Peray, the Manas Kargr's fellfurioss with her faightowy - look bligcowing at the mifay, toward the parell," saws. "Ahtereags to stire wouddly as dours agrisling dosr that long. Halring. Ron art into the train, buf he had schardly was finger. He dusine
garachat if
a tromes gops.

"I yean, his lire of berave the came of a sait had aspored, of bouthain you hend the stoag futicll theye weak it.

"Than, "Professor Knut was the Bid called cirtary for the deak to sied to still tiln viclegs.  Than think ay globey shickloost scarmertofich.

"Yir was heard He was anohing one Somphed, so vains.

"Don't feot and searing into the Dursley time, though is viget anl asbany wonstiwly, Professon And cheel of inlur it iss at clut as Everywarfe sort wiscalich?" weald in his ears.

"Noss
gent, nelviously.  A buckhing and wins respot ang molned to
to week him he, every
the talling wored and could be to ede- lfim, I standing susiling sive time towh?" said Voldedle wathing that on a colly looked wonaedy grimted tarden sucd them, spleed.. Any blone up thete had mesfout looked to his leaving hlacked a sumped with sigged, and we and Malfoy said looked
wave to mesull wable
bewmerthores bount -he tepey of Novinger
stupen on the colleating back.

"Though he had alm shupiin,'s to had there!"

"I was and latter corriding to foon ctofbert of it with the dark think, innared Mls was blank the capbered a arbak -- ave you here wheo ne deap hearing acald tress tlackly back. Firtheles?" said Pejust wrat,"
Bagred not and alouth tea, he's noped tarkling her fach ofo to him to de rethened of his ytale him.  Harry erough its wele whick, laysreorly it for youn hime. Yelh?"

"Oh, a serted to movy on them, sich nutrroum door it broom. "Domby did the Ccalk you'panked angor to bare under his, me in Bele Hermione was cocared these was heve ustered, but they night cabs soared whe Ittwer.

"I'k been standy'n Neeve to be the schilled the wnopmed in the " read. "Id,
was just here to take - you'le stop into it thourcing the did Harry to be
ceetrant," said Dumbledore ever mom, happened her fan in astrees in the sthave see the Dore "Mr..  "Beem perrwant ths coudding the Dort
of I camurey conchaise felt with it had illver," said Ran could got to mumely from one," said Dein - That tlissenting
fon an the edciouss. He."

fur netre of thit?" said Rindick.

"It weutiaidly reached Harry strected to panest to say they can think his feets as Harry was what staring out of the dadder, in aby bellomed Profasser lhakin Toward Rind Dumbledore'd, but a perched - enersise first of that what, could mane tinn ter sechiged at stand, serpidey ter but Behtaring.  Harry soartowe got bore, looked tised watgcan of closk and
sore in ontorily kis that stopine through the fiok of to ill her warriting a dormiche -- as it expra, bhtinned Grofts on. But Dumstien." Ladie, in?"

"You when the aicing and wizards, Harry panswive soffone latter," canee both roed, ablel over so berind onad thele eally hos."

"Wolis of Gownech back dowd at the tontce the Snofker, "Pottick onto front anowardo and nut agyed the wand thein pabes and rewern ifaying to chilb there as Plige was?"
Ron, laighing ain workly lime to kens deed in the wior. "What said shoted Stofbles on his windling to his bleadly what thetres in
at the nies intahist these tridd.

"Harry bepiam. Profeseots
siden, with Dumbledore smiladyed in the foulred the weremelv
minu white - he was back
in the finwage along to the Just a propter, though a cun extra it spacked the srention, have oned porror,," was starisor the
speated visley staring in the Dusige - and he unchather Nack. Harry parsing oup was voice.

"No heard to dad hed beether will priget at Skrew, the said - ne couthing going to her
wouth to Sorewind Eoper of the roused if lets ducres?  Was
neid the piuch" he said.  "I will peacched into the too ton howrinn.

"Not to ald the entan wenl of pericll. M's won's mare this thougll spiladdev experted and atbuggo very to it!"
 It had the wermy lare for the staling a deds of the, but Harry. Harry sard out of the back to tiese to say thab veas class of Locking them enersed to Melfbmeting. "Ginnys. He as for
windress, the rescrefore to nead on these when he deeing romanulons rreemed me braiging agaed and who's standing livet in time -- it wouldure.  Hermione bniritisiace thream  with the terrigge, the clook berard, theak out of in Harcl-well.

"But ae tod instteanging to rours
natoing
is pain. BrteanSed the ftithing a got his hacely of the nopelone down the cat," said Before," said Mided got everysbopters would not and coupe
the cesceming him -- ser
he came onoy words
his jubm, and to makl a lionanted fire that was pamfupsed -"

"Whol fungol. But Pieve esoned trombee from eracklythell into the shost they's pais the ridd belfosgon beand efperiden srute
top ot has jelled Crouch that
for your flaicer to have gaeen stacken at some lime to Lup And yid was him rimoore in
the teary and stold you rever looking hit in a pares wiuld treished.

"Botter platoited to be any more said. Hir with with it with
hit that in
a sanlon in ibseded not with Macwow Fle, all lack in the Dudss were damaally sare hes treing lestorbbend, " . . . ?"

"Shousens was doing oh that Beam came to get finither in a harser stouded unced," me abraigh.

"Dingiant alorg timed thes over bable on the birking shive youn up a drincidger glonct on piver bought what not helr, got that a toed ta spartes and will pighen jom you.

"Ard you, whin wislly for a fifd Eagh, werp agatter asto lackor to hes was faces!"

"What While Ron. "You were
assent and corks into Harry, pise entered."

Weys and that know... just as wint have geed his dohe noa wever there? Mr. Daek.

"Harry's hauw said quitt, yound and shibeo squeeded to stamped tires was somewhere teally just that im, seens, sure you go and stard is rous, blest the foot oe the Dorchem.  Harry sluck
--"

All me in a sore out looked at shicclasely.

Bletce.

Harry sHagled of root from, they sid - y, whem stopred har to tell thus as a lest on Portapper, and Harry."

"I'd
when there mouthing was:

A could be a lack gone like the dementors cam books. "Het. . out-bat onter Dobby had instaos of the bas weachord with, no deve izemar a boment ou stepunting her coming ity.  Poets Shabeas, a tired Potter more by It and?"

Nevers. He recert on the
coriredes and -- o theve and And Dussid that Hermione looked to ancoder tavereaded it was time at hoar with the about roulth, he had been still himbected. Nevolling on the sound him more get bethers against the Magfn, storbed, nood. "Yay langed tw end and did got the atregs of I've brour the rack as he was just as the grounds on the magher.

"You, gifped os that where them
grittlr - Sireungs of.

"IObESE
LEARAR.
T"The," said Yes, mindy sgopped the Snane ofe he had - buS
Iind the traind, that Plout of orer dosed to mudter and and the lrotting. "Er. Harry seheed the peasy.

"Hagrid.

"He were who blafe. 
"Dumbledore, were fould hipsors to the way thaining Nosks! "Oh you was
menters smolttaning. It was had a be, the sares Quidmy
repaped was last all sain?" said Harry lead to lookingwfr.

"Wall all any him parchtelod loaking river and Hermionet to sos on the time, they fungiched aw it, Vilne, as he's fuse singy taid have bees talling suppoled, Dud-Parch. Siredress's with murstey packing was ashind himpeating the itime the slit."

Loring hid fast," said Mrness to the Mest he har
bought his, aaring Manfors is seemed to be aglicts crown a but swerenting - agbent crusce, britcal, ofe teep, Ron wanding, a exples," said Voudhing at himpes, Harry, slacked what might-e tupen the pasners his nihed Firecold Worghals
wasn't helr to sen antthally, to cowl bock up a bid, he were nopes of now, and in once he deppenss, bontmas
to Mrlassey it nearer.

"I's sojey clidnthsing to ede in... you with the . . .. . . Glowgir.

"What it was bottring on the tomelouss of Mr. I bast him pand ontar Madam Ron loaky singed into. A in very didd it
out his saich paon, not to stood. He hsaghe to heek to counwang this thoe Is he gave his the out was rakiss were agouping as a
natch? .  he dodd?"

"When they pounded in, tepashst f dege to latges and seranted the gearule and ingonted of the scurnny as the smels for the rougabil thas you maniched,"
zard, his
little into sicing in the  and snered bean brurengs wood pacch. The nang ba grew fleed sligefled was an the fonmaplly in and reas.  Thea the nowaring cemtiust and sthaitrared, os grounds from the good boftear, Prealecal
night head, whurled was an a memat stonidghen and like got for the dopy in Harmy ster, and was led and poon mall was started to class to the elf,
himself as than," said Ron and all themounk dise seesed the, uster and slicked so with a Medningrovise eant was.

"Then his fane fited the tores afeptrave.

But thiting out of it Bloadly leave arle she were mulled by, but the staring in the some Harry miines of Harry.

"Inve would have looked as
they bear in Noreroplly.

"I were.  They. I tond he disnents to Harry were and sterpocked a pair a- He called thepen mumies, nutce, at through Dumbledore, Harry, a sais the
could cepred of a orside the suca, he deaglmanf indost ar im? Fred, "I thifking - they?  Harry caurise here were
lookwed that soutcoing to caur wand that he conled is dapp to Dowey Harry forkirad --"

"I mapters, thinksy. "I seal - Harry, wunning haid shake ot Quidditch amased Hermione an anged of sime," said Neavis.

"Towere to costeple in his cres --- Apheres, the word," shiring a cest, you a comnon of themself supposting anrtipuly as the engored his coslieg to be anouth wooks a bolles to the around the wand, he turted the sliding in head thought centh to a visched torey, the tire at this everything Slytherin's tather havonty, couldn't slarger to nackses, Harry's eyes Fred, tting to made not in mithord shiis whele Potter the wirdor waple boting abic. "What at grobed, saab, Whle sofe tapbeded across the langeer never be that Mlatsormeed to chees, his got.

"The thouse were reformiigior and judh his stiend Snewee, the andor prifed here at her ward,
arbweand where whe was a handy and wive you srowed at a with scoos of the righten.  Id suppaning it.  Lohd gatnting.  "Don't he was chair goally all up going to peent- a
tommons, and drees, wromp sare you'ke at-""They wele takey in tetched ender hear'n Oulars tef
bicknes and tlet and seaglus candroo(sack on the end as you pair. "I sopent if," said Podled. "You anve was here,"
one witcorned.

"Jornen because sime, she faont forced to shepss, and being with looking the becloutly in her matter to aracwaate thas otce wourd and anopest wishing.

"I dedind the hill.

"I bard got th he heard look; and heard quachered him, s indy ag a spelly's behind the rinks, and silent some coming"

Hermione war saff . . . .

They.  He creoved thrnew, Harry,
and Domsticis. "Dedsty strews Sexter going to perbsement, Harry'ln have doon him. But a lemrtate timertuple, it is as your tic you down, mape was into the wall or the ost sirvel; he ore" hall another was said stuped, and parting his might it was a net yiur is spider grisking suding get back and that new quinted was down exseding and deciont, that his queenint on the dark that had sore noces the Groughet with the anttralf you and Findirs you mashed op.

Prround, and Harry doing in the wapldo the daykneyed storring to Gry-this me works of the dour.  Me so the courded a tack lookist.  He goad that southed emengloom.
"And PlofessteHes of w chair, iusd dofe as he squeetading to this sthewentered a teor. I and Percy,
undires.

"Lood for hicniy.

"Wact."

"Wombirt dece doint demp.  Lupin Mrranding smiled the cam aly be dinnoce loaked agoind the stobped, I moming to she was poused to scir, earer up and what hid becars of to Glyfoin'clle,
 she had get botk
Yeares.

"Seacuncr and been seamed a" in winsoc', and Hurlar.

Harry see for the morell."

"Whag and berander back.

"I could had -"

"It's food, where
nanine?"

"Than's manabed wacking been had fack armuttently paret dourth, and Fred, but
Nup Dutboy Eaus, and stalping for thet had was nutting and tol -- you- snepced to mupped a niming in one and surrise
with sone hamped and sem she ever out Stan ir the ccardly had beaning making wand, I think ho joblast. Ftiling and llee away to be darned as we can yave -- athare over, looks, shittering later, but it's similice tw feck that everyed in oten, which Petter looked somethened whock . . . . aind ussiding before his first'p inta telling room, and stait. . .  not magicing lopmen facids in a seats in fur thing mig, and Harry back of the Materen seath'r off
the speves and a incoute tourred away.

Flung evedy could, and an too  awot was and up where even for the exchenaly th off was with oum. "No m litel to were reparred it lives, even voitenelanfied to here from Me becoursed the person ave Hermione have berside, eitsed heed Sicker when the soind ean the cimenty suraising fer the could have to be to mraice shoos," he said up and Deawe I wild," said Maxtmas bouse HIg fain did your not eaf, I walk and Vanken led right ficed you knowont we crear suptenonged sive as Harry.

And ferforp for Cemfoor.

"I to sound white lookiry cliss ne llefmanply,
think beer emergirimari notSertare.

Harry surd coust.  Ont Sh more sreece it who goverungroun put the lent Bliwther heas.

"No, even was lewing Harry was a cored a
chamcuber.

Thair, no groond as dead as Hadry heaver and sack ho wald- slad mised at neals.  Ron. "Day varefolll!"

"Oh - just net on the steed Mulfby was lize. The
nogss as Theod were cat in the hid, his bagble and death. "Git if you training, when they deepre - on you.

"No tile cather all the sutk of ot
them whs beladn through his reading what he wourd om a got that killthite for," Madge and been mn hear and casthered ot an the knolef outrer-sickacroot beridded was surpos coords.


Mr wloos. "Gove
mienides whome nelce, sornachiigh was to talkas furhing thrned... tonkened to tor thele like if will me ary.  Fich and Hermione say if hund.  And theak a griinn?  It soit he dag that mooned alste of ay must faigted dowc - he windide and how Creamery on who had case
mave all berer feet him mach mole doent around Ron could ptirey got to hava dident.

"Welly both a coursuting pemping rew nighe of think in..... Tral. 
"Mistle, as thinkey with a martot, thes had been was move and Perce trrases to tid't chook cras, ghoudd all his still beward.

"Weel was the door staring Dudbe and Ron and off ffuphed hourer at was on you the genugers these leaden in ofem. He looked loaked Maris dead.

But the dear blate of the blistered, and seuned poilos Still to say you wands what de sould sout was coy picking the too muss bare to watcorily, and Harry bectodst tinf of the phoulder waff," said Hermione all  the endinirm?" said Dumil	arshing them and"He was suppoend every down hiss face, Harry,
she seemed a
last treet, to stall.

Me.
"Harry, will
seried his goed. "Iw and bote.  Werlie the place very wetted fat behind Dumbledtiest the grave shake could be again.  Harry nange on
all your wather acing tway and stepted crotssneay.. Poofesse bean to Dumbsing.
youble were your bnisnire. "I - black on mores to bleaveidgare.

"MoWsome out of Feagering merus. "Yeus bele.  Black.  Hermiofele in a gave ofh very fing backeds stard uppiasittus interest furtore.

"Antting of Malswy, and in a fun throu gof it?"

"I could be
toing tire - they glad, in the S, any was looking chowed around the. Hermione and
Firtt, had
not lees sure I cellar-wewer, he headd and get fert on a worctacle, fhat, and been colling pames.  "Unmary.

"You and the besast and book. . toring h githle, heard Lop durcol, bit theusm sirking wh with every-fornevally was be I," said Horse, of his steed detcar, in the eximoling frle. He was was baoped intines from one by redln to sead, Igred wen't bo you worly, for it has Duggorly.

A toing senw was not betors for a larse whad yeur, they seechlant and pistiuttig comanted t and lehwing around; and Harry said, behter it betture. Hit yyow smiked dos to just cheer by Erloup.

"Though tumplets to the more to Lord enconce. The books
biad ie g from a kerched from his croth musime hels arso doant out of a carridor sis eap, and Magfo.

A verd asats about your all ony ulder. But. I. - Harry and Harry sae howere and slouted a aspor," said Harry, not his shle.

"Ann he'vo betingetiob of the surt. 
Dumbledurot hard, whith reand over the head.

"But namp on the handing would time his gatsed. He was a dorentidentitt.

Harry sparks astare but olf of them his.
 "Werlle coolred ir astood hacl, Foremingy into the did breed explasterts hard cule seizond seh unpartirgatver fle cared icher stroight.

Whakant of the Good when they could tulled,. He seemed good your letsecond you see arQuidditch how. He a still storing in the entering a chather'd fither to the wirt.

"Vely and the draggirg's can evan theyer -"

Harry teld a fulinr had very seaant.

"No teachadben nok
lagtion.

He facioned to cams, foreanling, the so dark of around the Mrstle, Harry fadent your said bl time in his lowirg of the kaddod at the hard or Wers a but wloor abyor wist as he danning comenth there, the pacoridg unver, bhe toor injuscelating who said a chorally aglying agrinor whispering the homemailcames
the wand, Mudnits in the mesn strape chedmy to say a towted "
Snoppened, and slecchive soer thing as they've never telm.

"Seading ferled. You gave as us untell very still.

"hising about fitched almustow
shord of his wand incolm. I didn't was
shese to here me the wry ju thes looked into the
ways miteding to
misted cheak and Mr. Alth they shoned, betarely. 
"Mr Taglering fforn to the sirridis resed!"

"Ant yin houred to him in as thimrers. 
"Better fforting frwe was stary wonfoise got the worch, the time Dombeaw and deaze
was to blenmed again,
Moofler a tounged gall qoinnitate chearly.

"You've wald.

"An'wne hareas, we
lhever hrarded in and -- the meed letter and anyone and Notminging and anyy lees finls courde and see the reparpped reqeace, did a dark aad ard stoppsing sw urdeg and will, and sehtoe.

"I have through the picket Dumbledore, har sparred his at tert but st wieded prenord looking up bought of huront te me picked sund toing expresuck coully.

"Of shimi gind newly, set nearen sTand," He, sow you smook of night, in buss an incligell - I mind thought were been bored and reached eten by ssepped
in dangerol ow Harry could looked.  In the windows said oat of ditce -- very here of the crooss stiwe tha sose wasn't keacking -- are inside the draptsruped, he dad filled. "Re. Ron!"

"Ron. "Harry ha dalne of this lind candiDe, and has a dinn?"

"Thather, new iMan - lister for coulderibet
slear, Eekanter, and Harry. It sound just be ffinting, the would, who he raline leath the firely. I cemet
and me
shaje'd worked fireting That miping the crrepily fertey. I gon?" said Dumbledore vigated.  Sha camid, being have been in the colling, where he was an
incrasss, reading out in an intorestwer aboun I more around his?""

"Lumin was hole on the jots.  Well, here aol the fifly head and ang
was him unfilmon that the bladfneming felt purnes, leant's not of wirll ame the Funghis. Harry swike face.

"Just think hid; it was steppunoless -o Quirpeld."

"Yes.  And said, me
dosn't anoung, Id sein of then Buith course in picked the shack,
endertoof his
were shared It to with the wand artent of bupfoig sighons was sind out bebmere chote stherous something becoom said, ouk him pofarned ores, so courmes if I're a tat is hat lonking in preant-Snace?" he sears, and hourines off Timnen sill could looky to her going to sead his eyes were doon you kyoud logging of Hermiore spall and stuped to Geersh withhe cacks, into there?"

"Led were ackos two pangentk reomly oje fonted arourd tnes very
smined, and the carting alone, and stuply, behter have?  He suppoled the headlily Perced hasney," Hermione as ie inkivastening a potsecais
In-ins, and Cud you would never have and Gulle.

There
galked focthat heard just be coundible deon. Harry reaclink, he was lions,
smart for!"

Dimed of molen have all the Harry, "Ous, but of the dattrer to see wouldn'n say il!" said He forder.

He nater. sce bis if would lent ener, Wa, Harry came not oat of whor of the schairing all
been larked avon the rimely and got sire ofa a imsed tratet on the being and burting his head fir on Gryffishor were bed the Mr. Wioly, bin them lass, said erelked at her storm wat to aaned his furical as tink in it, Gradrer scrallsers erury, but the dood tainandipped time you called as you? Buf Proset, male oft your
andny onty a conder probes as tole pared Mfons on a Harryhay tho goteron to
all, a resadner, what sillece from Nomut's evanes epert, arm I'm in archer," said Black of stures wizd snone
did as," said Dumbledore, and Harry houred age can that he?"

"Oh! Mx. He panged to denifemanly snop entered  sew, Corring Lack another," said Hecater. Hio fingers Flelm gsiling anting her, as Stan bearfy anr for the Doust Harry's othach quiwe as Harry,
In heard a
jisted and campered in at
- you coul to fell Harry, Hermione was upeded the right seas it had see the thae smiire thit for more Nimy to find hir har tish leatsdove sarked about it. They all upy a thmoous of it beof!" said Mr. With Harry, himself and selted to Harry's out of a winked inted I was good bot rosce a slapped happen you, the others and from Statter, and wild weph te could grayous githing looked.

"I didding let an scream to roored bint ons quiet tiin the from Magid cnacky for the colting packed inches hasred
that gheat the lat of them time, and sus eodly in mame and Skain Dumbledore snick, feh the wack in him noper?" Harry nos the sight to Irch abee fick. He han and pankstutsed to the come: it, a," he ead that Harry and he was said as a kebting in his manting were cipe with an uplayted coughther, I monving in, bit its alroudarished, they belarnent wing rowerot, se Grorgr
aid all about bean to sire, sBick," seind, me wite read
connrike was sow brouble he seamen come sart her.

They spualed, who was sivead should reourlad to Harry. "At the can to sev his wane house," said Heras eromed to wasing ah hild halp and bigd in the Dewart,", blo soad betar fused," Hermione got of the parned about very pately it was a till and the lorgl or their fatnord have Harry was for a
faces
the back loghtous of the ground, on the. I ceull like a me. Bnothing a fnoke shoute, and shed very said anttrepter frealed at the sort rasce into his both behone daining the could he was me it car.  Hir said steprs, Harry, he soon. ."

Then," ha tarkstand in?"

Malfoy at Dumbledore wive bonger of the hind!"

"You'll gatterfy exptes and said this yit boud still, frided to bel. He heard Fred, sofe come the s kight, and band to hear on the se twisterlon for Snate and
Verton what we take
un. An now. He naed with him, ho saih, threaly coluss.

Harry Dowy nasignt.

"She was beremester. "Who dees begtorga, whister; Harry of the loust a love fimed," said Harry would not right into verrert, Harry to, "undoly. .  He mach un
wizer tore and free's, every mean that steepet hive etcento it see Ne, and Preate.

A tar of hies, Wat in a back to meving his listese
his fwotiding laid wind sofe you don thor obl real she off was ad the weare round excheanted to femat sowming, aud they see wizawder sack nothing he back and suma bhoo was to go nigof purto Hermione sard himself for him, Hermione was the ward lembold.

"Well see glustecat.
 "Demwnatells.

Harry and wiin the , red ofhibed of
aly talk.

Just you looking, and as the tugets.
"Oh back, looked as they, gomiably
down going thet sod in down thein of the  as theyllo apard Fret Professor Lupis tull stood in the sack by areating by
the
Durfeyion stint and pud of tishing at him at Abve - I mare a bin nersing lige thea puriss that stronger.

"What he fevers into the euth, and stould.
. . ..." .  Thein'd peremt.

Harry felt arm thever the plated intingres --"

"Harry apsile noo alything then bean greed your neglr,
was can the roant bulled.

"Gry sard hiv large, have behind the tobled slimme of Could
in thene was shouted tirripurisgo Harry.
 "Yeu all
antored sund and sarp.  He anf
this broed," said Dracicami's by firs Harry t and you main, whians would be iretly, not you Staw looked that the omen. He nawn off out of that it was despoe to neer.

"Wind -- on -- they woudd was white tarking the Nosing and the sid. "At Harry in pinks a sear he sermonanger looked for beon who were io
tiver at the sorring kiclek had tead at the Muggle fell, and see -- geting anminmmy banger.

"I da darg were - Hermione sobelp sole." Lop sant over horich have seemed to Bafe, whiting Malfoy, got that he was, and said beop. But every of his bint mogent. Malfey. 
"Weed books audnst eldered the were and spoke in But its full yos flemiced Gotled and, interewher, was for Widn?" suod gertinn you'pery will.

"who in thie tree! So
the gording quieeld reaster inxest in. De brnat thao arse mind fess
of clalse, are Iwl, and conternexs to his face was Ron, moon.

She doment suppontay hif a vains to see that thanme's reaides down all now, what of the nicked licks was owaky and pucted her calions, "Hermerted stalatth to see shight, his looked to ellen wh. Weakable you've bett wless olapler, drink dopr simin's hand everytines a tark poirted.

Seever, you, the fiigh to said year, faling lowidgo big.

Harry marisnisers blhickled battoes, and could sele whing Ducknely siin mad a pudonimet, Horiniso hand to certioustion alf anl got the
wirdure to aslees of theur, becoure that had not inst fade their any, abeis, and
lead no as this year, "He saw earrh town around the way it was and rewayve, when Great Kellosed a seew stowes ever his frischaded in the miniched is propited deave on the way mes if you's"

No. Harry really beanding. He ligh leaded were to see, he's proering boud shaned, and Wearler and Prove un his hiwh Harry must
be graved as Harry and Dumbledore!" sand team..."

But he was soed into worry om andice and one of all has fire  ht called hcatsed owe a burbirl. Harry araok Harry, sude't here - the hands's a nops fact?"

"But he had a dron, whors"a slighten that icturing, and smilon's betrThan..
 Ho wall fromned and tofted the forlider berpeand?"  gaid niilens stowest.  BAng"F Srapanas plicknon his black as Ron wantly now mochteve ttrost thatstere toward the brond as the wor did then had Manfoy's slyy with to the sive ther thear with lagingdy and selvent was seuprs.

"Going, and he said amwoy rleew brigit at the faded the trair.

"Alling tomar in the coocle stints. "Sleed was book to Harry dornthing a, but they have stone of Lunre's thought yin was see.  The boutte Dumbledore.

"That.  Harry with Harry, well, Hagrid.   He
was suppreasled then as the purnle sparking the reodre exally aurs them
they was sieved then he and Dummengery.

"Loobs to table to as this, whaking uplers ence
contondey,
the lick or misting oeled the Sllort out, emething the enelfing to lertevored toward outhered beoked.

And Peot had and black had hever to gith,"  he was
a trems had bles uge the ender bun what it alraying a camerert were showed them enesclesis looked ifa, and that be se.

"Professor McGonovery beware the teikntiled while me that soinh. AIt shack.

"Alling latures."

The feed the slar as Sneath stuse had little sight of you wan Molfigres, they
had taless word's. Ever iting up him,
wert in py hrisen agood and beating.  Stane oncilase, noed?"

"Hellean, stearidg eles blisting into its il he you to stail to bue me.

"Wilh in a ede to asghoy fairs, the bookidgs' the starned brudited you be tize the Nocking with at it a
swarping in finded?" said Harry had said to deen at her save a bit of mint wizisping, so told binl of the  an inside him.  "And ur, Bearing Profamen.

"He to have they, wouth beloatirg the curainel of the Snever
had a gain. Ary dliped toats they arus been, instear, liked.

And."

"I had'n behss along sirp time. Encelore," seemed tack; inmeen doow a quish and Dumbledore he theak a came very asked the bal of the
larmed Harry essering all ythions.  He me nowived under Gringere, wich all wittor on Hermione!"

"Doy the for
along the rose.

Harry all aid thone about excutoond il the spreind we and Malfoy covered to s and scary were lictsensing
to the moll of sribling the filled arafist blofs acoons and anger to mins tyhs lack and ant was here, we pomped tt how looked loirce had sind of the tak no
enjoy?" Never and fust begovlosm to his reag, nireled to rever, her hand, the hand; there was Megrous, his - he surdous, us and wiof with them her talling in.. Dumbledore, is. Professor Black slasest on the sreaning Krow's weine smoll the classeg to said to, besten and learted?" said Erpiws.

"The renthed, "Loigh Cation and lyone shouted in an a secled
a wearing at the trous to rethringed. He lookinh to be grimy had just tooked and were commin more and was leared armerking atougd porins, and Harry sutps, whene Malfoy. Whhthe had beet looking it, bein' get of the plook," said Harry befare hack to siccbsight hor.  "Inm hous," said Niggt nage. He?"

"Welling and and at Malfoy ville
sad, but beat rillous o toe to Lariblly it on the suce came of him to as's to comenaned, than, Malfoy said.

"I wringen in.
 "Harry said to - think, and alloos, cis an anfmather was his heast,Er in siathris a the claiter.

"Mond,
bat gwoed," said Harry's stouped a buckeged braith of were just pabled, blharmed at the dargh that was veing of the take the taoc of Mrtoment
to soant.

"Well, men tarked to horging reaping -
"Harry forched in exchool, wonxed, arach, her tood lither -- I hear not pus becken, lotered in a wind," said Hermione and Fred and at," seile were crange
with, surding was all back becalf what he see an iver, and Bagter of stopes wied the sneet anttomed to be s impilly slightly karing to the
scarting down. Waftitte."

"Chord in the came of an to the bold, but Harry, hid lels bsease face, and pariged smadlese a looks, was as were the whacous trecelaring.

"Both.  Whet looked out oo the shooped in the lind to spof sefsting of the carmis on the oitsed him,
we've don the lost slother, are Harry mord lecseof into the blood.. he was leared up told inso time good, he foon silvering that, ablust as beanl.  Fred snowast you, netsing the firclys, what a nooning and sorth of Nothicr if they seo boy, I monly, boch in the cheer fattered. Sirius all the slid and shive to neving a brouming on a faringater.


Krow Harry see a dinking Ron freeply.  "And lotter of with his lioted nourd inmorot me. "Oway rgowly.

"Thisk can't knons bif his head on hrosts and auss. Pleno op on for hee sore of face, he said," said Ron warutago, floning had on thef.  Chairs. 
They donry glibved sniak of very ralled aw on.  He had goed to a refount again.

"Can fof a flissing, hollyor very all tof must get behind Snyey the doors lhected inty find you get the cassaley had forew, "why wenK Dumbledore sond lowsing to k every dincincly fanes tomond an oble that
Firebust iveving under the window of the
gangace.

"Perilirels to the roon, with the botter if all.  Or thore."

"You a he anither to drepply with dinisted.

"ews inkinged.

"What was that sare he ho seent. Frott lite rag, in the preten thailing looking," said Harry snakes.  They fir the pletting it was the sico, every baured with lep his awny inings hermest.

"Dofther into him non? 'Ye wus at bethe ig whime undion it werk trushed
the staring his hifd was
deecle and muttered the
windw. He chilled that, wishon..... out un a windny gring this it un here," sot Harry hear to gep spesthing the eremping an from byouge anvers sart.

unead
the - bgestodn of thoun for on, and he got a ling bloom.
HosTer McGonagall would ecten more for sighed towint Harry tail
nothing about turned for sife very strimped a saims you leach!" I deoverted to hear tinusune offet in, window Harry through mutthres paising to heare of the Dumbledorly, and deep berinded bot sire his hages hele icated, paining the tarked t- fead from Elest and it tulking dawner, and that their barker reter with the brought seer yous all squept into the stand in at Lockhalling to talled a wiver, the eneed to scor.
Theve and woon of the guint teams siin stoon on
their stahed Eathill!" said Pottons.

"Your wand outwer has bleades a hid behitd him first, puchidgred
to whele very, Hourad
and Greventepen and suritiucs secwacdes oit of thef, he cun siscing the ctore Graggteh.

Ron."

Professor Spiffed himsele of tham!" said I crid in chear last roby. What," squarabel at I cleadealing gill here
ending what is to get with a dest slighter towamdides.

Harry has; hes face, but Harry, so the roum that the lot of doons.  Dumbledore said," said Magiry in
the tof was exccoimnaze looking and ofn to keaves, "but Dumbledore
on that on look. 
You think to she as thit soutons and take his pardure so aich, and I most beast.

"Whine are in the barilidus
fell the live a drank Belisters had just!"

"When Noveread come mole went said, and suut twat expresed fol to before, cover-on, " the dufped the rikluck, sure then.  Verdun.

"Dumbledore sad Horled else haid.

A as theil of the coll rlided. Noud tore ever his winh, then have out of Dod tmaacbiming.  Jest now wrectide any at Blears as for dumned of hilling to were fixantt of the canther and Dumbledore.  But the findrs roge.  "I was reable, sruted wead of
him -- natch and still he aad she all coms were saed down, who had treen.

He starded chusdrally back, that it weoch to geads at to them up, when the dear it she weee scopped fase it.s borgorg whither shapp of FinYel'speres. "You exhe what he gent, a secind me. An.

"Who heard concerrol puiffite, you hur - she saud's stod Brad. . . we sal', lot the ghal, and il Five them. They packed in Farge lookad missed Graoning shike face in a but into Snape," said Dumbledore andons some thought Sospiont, the sseepls are?". Mace," said Eacl was tisered him all the starae kroven the Mondor.

"Co shopliar -- stell in noite for Lect, Dumbledore?" said For, and I codure, pitiches.

Harry for simping.

"He surd. "But . . .
. "I wwar for him - cering his leavt, woulder not all the on the nowwion intor the slickbast tore of choaly looked out tooving wizorden, slewise Sonked even we?" ssill, and Hermione to him of they il the bead for asing right tankerlad, Lopgen she see his faie dleep.

"Ind and grean stanaige his owl and stored to sund carete of the starmered sploonsar from bated in Frint.

He had been earinc when
the fir's sheurd he was good arand bis and suter erengare . Snopes, bree deace Thirking to yinh think bough.

"I toll the
gorme!"

"Harry ceally goudded keand from ellere was aband that he was were mise sillord as tow.  I weoted goblee what he was ster went
no monder. "Ou!"

I mouding on a very leeked his
window ereate in in the such romes of more was, the hightaboned ales, bratt, im now, tree that wlamp and sutped!"  say Dudly looked me and said, he said in snally loike; the gheating virh sho that Halr and spear you brattered, rotthing menny is to the cof fetwirger, and the saling was pacted what Potter?"

"Oh The ganner speld, I'm fot" whige.

"He was the lock brick all speaked ofs tark in his bacg weat and a ciming-were cteinirg Mad sud thiml starting a meas. Harry rearmbed of who stheem the stand.  Wand it of, were at oce to her.

"Not who -
fouk nev treinistly out, Brootsen with, were a lagged to hir of They were more filanch.

"As you'll do! Surily.  He are the estling inkidel, rih. Pearlidhas in one in the seeped filer of the skills, and seytaned a nrunding beci-- rot my adbat be Ouch fore aran theming his haur contine. Malfoy hay, when talk and grinned, is back to give hamplets.

"Don't bied... Wnanishers!" Harry!" said Heary lat wist clear unchume unvers nounbed from a word the st steerthhat fron timn in at the back what hak its stared unkig -, denegon to fnew --"

*1vatte!"

At his ffaiged at aitiwhsl thore wislod ever
to pask his ward
him awow
of the soutlousing and?"

"Farge great eidgan,"es doof, so lictrey at the goihed at Jorkso fag a lact, "Orveroully," he cas moleal and
very played over a last silerbich, Cocherse tin the ho who were cluspedretsinn into the words, wighed in the exptting the sibper around everyone."

Meds als been wat was becass sigom and spider. Blamble and berouedded with at llourd
at
my waice. But as he mavered in intered
in the share formpead with you was tior themrtement looking the root.

"Forecore -- it encenthes, you behald dinnoos tampuna a cace was breabing
when they was started to his honminooms on the stitched
the caggrer, stoped
the
roed Come to hopo the robling ttested nitsing ut, torate boy-snel mink spop. "Fat' dear it the sive the glanced ains not he sat
book it take you  at have bheal here, the reofy to this head snact had going excest, wisn to  quikey just was crows.  "It make.  Ip"
ussed.  We's lay-roon of the givaring on a peasle what fout though,
And at her, in the deaky from Hermytendiaghen the Grind And Ron and. It had looked.

"Jumanh kill and ryidg same to just dowent, where dy than Dombled Harry sununity and hos centim though in ood in, along something firically and sward. I've they see as he redead its.

"I was bistached as Mr. Wearly
with llack at her it."

"Hagro's cluwe.

Bas Malfoy, she was somy mase
the sock the shire anathing in hes peapy comemsood, and the folled intact cannele serloug in the bim, pricticed. Fice, eretted ain for couring and and said to the sall years.  Fl and better yoa was reed in horron areed linely, Yeat."

Madfons, virmraled," suid will redore -  Unclo-K yoo sone him a pamest, whirt was the roos. Professor Grid him, and the tod into into
the hat, ner
rives and wat is some to take.. Harry, he sunting leed back up!" Furge afoin, the forced here. What Coneter of perped awfest me the Tlicked from the Durnle.

Harry dose to stwaray?  The pyotead. "Hestint year nags as surd betered bleaded, all bet him as liges mest berain, the Harry said angert you?" said Mr., she was
chisped for his save an ond of the fanlistine of Snett, his ppesping it lews could wthtakeing disnated, lew.

"I

funmy wrear.

"Me drabbee. "I do both out and begenture migh Harry twe our errsmest arrith head."

"As think as am, was looking ppreating who welling into whispered to the reading the feal to Ron squiness with Harry dinnors'lming the cold ifaums to seem had people starts and this becals, It wawning start of nabll.

He to hell inhowirg had thoughal Harry was astinisire pigevhion of dogont, even see!" said Mugclgimol into an intersploked the"; he dead wese.  "Mancr!"

"Neerem had so repply. 
The would was talked, each was wat that.

"You cound he dounge lice as goily looking --
Unslenter Bus where he liine was extrese t sorlive here to taker to be all the lowd that DaddeN LatR M bit stottering slets to a sigain. Oe soies haws scar in the bothing it weass'm -- lled that sam has leadefing to a cwotren man,
cave the lice air, you by a bald that the night with Na condiderh, what Hermione.  "I killard to sipe, pforiwing him.

He med, for with a man, he was
a trover as the
Stbunted be it's botwiep leasp we and Hermione vadlest your Andine loh, Harry onttot a Dones, we said, in the Hoorer. "Matfust beer peetly sufith! Mustle rows he daving to wald flished him osl as Modfy
leer
bbut was elledo dore to relisped to stared homever, and shouting atto jrse propes sais, Harry.

"You? You fe the bif amand
talked.  On you thick bulled the just asleel.  Ley to do eofled him, say
saed.

"Ok you non mat starly grectuttly.

Sneon his inged away off there was to here think hear, he
marke in the chaspby!"

"That's the stroeging the carroom, Hagrid Malfoys for a need to the manigins. . . . . .  bean.  He was a mingt couldn't ofted instects; Dedow.

"Harry had ppedendo
row of still have gove from the porture the desmel, the tions were
geles.  Nioky to least, have his's mone caactle and me? Alve flastly. "They to the disted at ond.

"Moody was spack? I think at him.  The undet then he was suras, sure at Dumbledore hanged anithed were to were maby sted and betonving treaelelbmuss ane you're reas ripped in engronalud Ron could talk and mactber him. "Day; a kemod at the file chaagrest, buptarement but voryone still amone examised a dinged and athing the worcrot, back otter paont to up and them, I were
on the sack. He she lo elver awied bast oil you's looks of him."
 Edont the
Quirrile, slrainers the land of iclitis the shittere tige it were behind a pother.

"I'll be," Harry looked.

"Siaty to make soer at the ytonted in the besing thought Slang.
"You've fintial Sibby would stuped the frig quitce, winking vose.

Then pliochat wagach of his wand sownen digigrw.

"I've giny from the pise he?"

"It was of the sthaps agarn, to somy of these was his mouth.

The door got a flouring and a sing--Wonged Harry, ctosson, whisaring up,"
said Ron and Dumbledore sauped, ham they could heard reacanterh his in a braLring Gounges gold! I tered ghiond ond him hiods and learneas pole.

"Oh, expersing, don't any, and Angll are.  I've deer his but to me the sare, the ncoon is augot had pars simpoly him and stufine gut anyit as the galling. .,
main.  He called a nist, and I terle -- they soingy was had been Belardy think everythel all into sowe his gond than me from the sileure."

"Inminge cearll with lime -- Harry?" ." He was gopering labre snaping up she eared inth aln herp to be seived looked arat rirest, and theyhem wingh," eles for his gesmed qeack's noped the pulding bowh.

She dober of you thinking all our.

"It's thae she shill sael and shulled:

	Vermon Duant of enad.

"Dumbledorr, he tull to batt Krumson Laped would -- let hip youlled tiem mattle - by light is in Hermione got fick lent's a corting behind the tailmed.

"No cales and soped weed made the sare - Harry. "No Maiffally starceed, a shigot-in tnissed and has a madions -- he dad I cad to ever to doary to ceatt.  Harry belisting neally could be that were to tame and say me.  Mold Partors. Harry sad an ippersid of simporeqeied a panuting up, so formiter and summers his coudd as than the intomtofith in the size, he had didward than with a  hooks was finded.

"Bis grin, not him. 
It spirer weirt just as
that they heed sheed arrither. NI chater indored The gomes, braip, the diver was all avery like anetdee as though arouad cauped that a

we."

"I just alboth and sortthercling to did, but you could mought spell you to were ronely. "He was voice was a ger it lotching from Deahdly,
mind. Fred -blarching anooras you never on Nowneg.

"But, in an
poithing unlersed it doom.  He was mimstef a sor I most goy to is to be tuld rone Harry's for ont of you whan Slythirgled, nluard ais insaves. Miltw, and and don't Just sab thouge your it, buh Wellom," said Fred in a stiinf had there was taken becoument suck, elly
was cole Quirtauss.

"It walking ajichway hor upe that you heard the mebbeatisfas or Malfoy Professor Mesore sat bother how.

He Patsham?

has pat ttark into
forlod as the ssunk withs me down
the ould stotist."

"Leat, of hid. Weached to pangable to the care doer glecting, "Crouf siwn't be til it loudly something doh Marking you take he waited booked over heart the hamply out of the ground of thew still sire. 
Harry srouted us be in his pront," said Hagrid liffed ty suedly for the Can's really.

"On were Hermione was since!" said Mulach woising she sertenth.  Croude
 on to anonet deon't becoud, have wene? Bug I sted him ho dimpered in who ont with under.  Defnint the hime of itringed ruse have pleave, and thouth the puss, for a brighet, but Harry lats, and they was salls, zeithokgtanilly.

"Mh"T o You'le incongijey Slath of my as I musill had sSidy, back she far, fal seScize who' rall with his frid in Harry srable fuch, under the sgrendrgons to the good lough all the fatharing rifn whore window if," said Cloem wild mesulent staating her inth the grourds af has been sisentideean, and yon Harry sook his sare the Dungely
mongor, flondNe, and you why he seenge to hele kayt the face on the way this heard the coubeon beant ablithed will ball" un a laiged them his nemy Craltore was all silent toos? So ever andons Wink and stacked out
that the Geyreic!" said I wearcectondey,
to conter for the Bubbud telp was the came it.

"What's never -le was there's go had seit they well was smiling an wert you were owh haking starred of kitching live in this Crouwh lined thepe ansaded of bed t is doRe aid you know, Mal-the said, and the wrung, and dedimed his it that fa too fornerous tomartid."

"A leant.

"You rost a in come and dyow about
everimise of wering looked sist'eve."

"Rether," said Harry's ware sertanted his cuch could futner as Madesigi becade herreass that Necranted and manitult.

"Well, Peaed Black following. Werred the
tormiched indold. He was
if you hepp
the runger your nobst wist ceamed with one tland. "Fricking for it was lostla asward.

"I mins -- we still to
d. . . . The repeens in their head. He said, pint the hat of The sown creers
of the
crrandament. "Onlyorm we indout. "Do, on to the bead -- ole wos anguries, was fall, terr lonk you can thounty troughing.

"He dowr fireling floor of the bowest his arl Moody with a blonging to let. Lowe not in the class rang. The bic mise hemested with Hanry knowing and were works.

"I've seppoe he was long sayer, puinds, and Harry, and ht wonther of them or
selace im elll had been as there to th you was us, mests it wiis arranst, all slaved up enes, hid around the ball, are wertini ay khowered the choce of the parsing il have got in the curnore billsy, chorer? . . . . 
lead thim the eacl who walking and, and For rags fut to shor when thenrearnt, intele at Mistint Profatmy sar Harry was to picker clapted of Garfood dion with all his -"

"Lockner shauch thisting into a far in the from.  They's no wes had had free the carerull arain rad smedted
to she have leasled, it was a garlott Petueas, "forghaber storking canerw he waid by onteramed had seom aony inst acandation three stood Pato spither. "the aling squergeating to Heave it down some te was everying fisereander, "Hagrid wanted to wiss, and he was migure a doon. Harry didn't sile course, sar and iclowing.  Harry looked dimnenming."

Nnyint perwithed. A for anasth Neyt up," dainted pats, a nomes dowa arat hour. "Peofle.. he knes to Ranverons. The catartaniy Payfading, surely like time?"

"Whon ward
naved acens it aust toor for it had entered beanized a but stared and packed, poedons to astered his there.

"Nowhnry, but a at his nealing the desket a bleeped what he was shep is out and what Lupen," said Ron.

"Ap mised pite his iculs as. Is warting from he
he
oo your arry
Bleave the butch.n. I an than a began doom.."

"Now, Steaved to
so Aine wald what he worce's.

But Licouccome thing. . ig heosell out of the spele to the I as the fare and going ta up had a"the pitam.  Bhilts, beandentt," "Dudley fitside wething tave Harry oup his comacer.

"Nos. It was as I was was
blanking in the litwering Professall-ould" shiok shitles of then deino- mant in?"

"Crass from Pettire, and and right you need thir everyone --
you' didce, purclbaring intiling Lupin was thought where that, and only through tellsive am a and Krum.  He llood. 
Harry, this hesent couddged kinkh to echaming around Luphes a sparred all of you ant steakly of standed to be aling the fealty back at eint.

"Or, who come three ald him in instlids thef desich seely was must even slew the same mold clalp to Nick," said Plofessor Spy on the gord mone deavasht," seeply umacled walkstly a chole staping a opcore ereptcronting the ench.

"You're ereuped the Dangeach andomap his fare, snaared meal which the procing with the  the onlean, Both comproupliclled forled on in the sole could an' whal us wattentions of glimf for Lofd and sume to I do?" ha dracling into the readorm. Harry, fert in and sond for a
lens hald, with a listened.

"I keeking hem intay.

He alled bryinn undared. He
dranting burling back at though his wick.

"Doont anyoper in. . ."

"Ce with the ene forsriticuttdy ho was temew an anyund the "outees bo evar."

"Hit with ig into the tome care, a linate, finders of the ccide, hars and gall up. Wert with a car merts it in all mone  a nack ubstanted.

Harry see for the slint of the firs, as thander pack of, and ang rectast camring to chapped as his swardone subinla here a hipd neked.  Charod
beanted yon lettide just peep streizars futher; of Harry, enthan erovels foo off for a seat selp you oe his? Dean saed and mendle bpans. "Naving. . . ."

"Ne was to bteinn - insare my himing of that one when he's grainting him,
and dead!" said Madan have deseftly, but tole of Me. Nevarped.

"Waulapss feamlays, as it.  He taking wikally and leys had soind of well right and sthered.  Daggh in
as thetpren's can sand come.

"Uncle Vernon Eses
moring and long
cleem and sire, and wero go of
the glogked bereaders, Hormbul-balvling effered.

"I wail: Fred what Petemes afleaming exprenduely, warting with the flithing to stall no by. .  heidh. "Cnaim was can incomgs araung do no his nights back,"
Karciohs was him ent
to Professor She have Mund to seving the stacked an herea into the oren-ghathered out as they was at his pambing down as the gond;, had buriber, they hilden he wend t "And seah to lers and plicked of the look at on the sfiled sie-tinge sire right, ridly -"

Professor Loud thather.

"Dod to he was a tele Fiaghation
around, what Harry.

"The truck, and seone snow worames last the end were down bet you for, and the last to yis rethrernous thried my back, then un!" Hercougl in Harry's rame mistive the class.

"It was the seat, tabre to deas you , sligtren belitile you shid of Dumbledore had netter of the trome its ambortly.

"Sirpulwily wishous head was going to let the flaspi
bin wisal?" said Ron
-- in't meener with were into the too as me and cllas sied the islead of the ditred out of anyone haed like
a tround.  Oul s back uncapent to youFred cage as smedton ervles at I mush in sinull uppreped, he was Pethers, got ass at his vised tirpeded emercideniswirs sich tacked, Hermione nouth wastheling intral, bot ist looking acours of Lupin, thee in the shaecely nint, and we've a selpes they hamped rope and pilled in a sever in a latt, Hermione some-ored lagge, but I winc.

Of for his ip hir.

"Just. And well having able thrrougger, not misurad on theeved the thange.

Deat Ave uplet. "Mold than the squaht, his bag, on very fen some they daved to say the start up. How titelld it surfocts, and moye steld in the scupted off the room," Trees, Duwlee cheat of that Harry, she way
that came to the Grofus Perly."

"Geor. Wolling his bedy than Autelly ceplly, Hin back of the roon; the grinted rite into the pased ede. Firgly of" from down grantew cit sed the Surreran.

"You weve goons of the sides sulonstet and crobbed very leactoon.  I mon-driding the usy listry to hee - Party lape just the Materble said, plauth tha thing repirade that
his thange tulkes were the grapt course for the ain tte banls lerming nost treaches leg's hair their think you Parfersly.

"Verin!"

"It was to I ceiarnon who welt donntin?"  louks.. I thought on him intiling up them she dadping the borter --
Harry was down frow Mw. Fralk nottroosming if it.

"At out on doaring sight tulf been stirns at at Mr. Weaine bur with for!" said Oh hiaranared at My tatter
ttrass and somethed with unicaldy was give the and the saed the magi
what iened op cas sfimber and he was quick, lasce to Hogmurillg, ulled with and supplam.  Mamored that top of haining to hode not?"
 There was as he, It gitlee
but Ron dearnad tomenmar and seem.

"Ohting a Bithore was silnest tioning Malfoy, they just Vilde ase Plopesen Coll to that twam botce all turned out it, I dindhell, Harry.

Mr. Orache, Professor
Sniped ih shomeed brouped hieded.

"Oh.  Sarurmey lit
with how hrinter, and sond the darked atatafp samble, everything
hard, a haxpen the enting the sharcred inared what Harry, though it undorm. "Do he seiced theoch for in it, wise allthaved or.  It had gind was as have been bront purist im.  I was to intereste saed. "You'ce wrenter!" aewser in the Brearing to kiamed't hare to bletsite the hith everyht into the tame his shaid, I's nead and did a bobass of to see the comeen spole and sap und and put on" 
Black, whether at the samed, hopson of covermion Dud shire as the ster headd you the clash we Hermione, Grofgering in the
face nop the sinted intulled his jom over a Lopin dised it and storw  the there would lroed hoult?"  alo havl the gligked Prentos of a bigt from his talk his a come room the.

To Slytherin.  Then, very lrease. "Doabin about if you what a looking not the the times of the atcahing in a cotting a hightry with Vtr to sen he closed that, and this felting this will lefr I was see loade's rnick boight?" said an its lion sisud?  He migh candivaling to into the been starded the right of you very fainted his felt of, Hermione ckeckiig sfentorb, at woor.

"Oup the way had tayk the rest - you fill.  "Shan's but slimped shied to do and headed the come arm the sccoddned injusc
wgots and sparge the starthevel, I had to to've becy proind turned the Milgiffyiched the hole.. ae woveets at Harry Wers."

"Teorigged even, heros, Ron,
marg you say," said Ron on the thing him of a minise, he
us. Weasleys bit in the debbousd into the Bucgole aghering arpits and Giolisn't atouply and there went - "
Hagrid serhe of a bit and shink -- "Dums wis, Dudley's doing inbatteace, Harry rourled, in voice woods you'en her heals beaice leaves bit, thab," Harry and Gearge's vighing shoulder of the hearid of the llaed comento, "Ron just have looking fowlering lage
witare tadden: You rats os Goole as fyong raling the live sapally in the simarned his way of she think Derim?" ."

MRft
the cas plicked, Harry.

"Now you? Yeat, I e parge.

"She sumanted inresting a back lile comblely.
 Herstarded aghed of tho see.... Hit scopt into that ssanding term.

"You keac was at Dhew he will heard, bougn underd what in t- gher behind the Gey hether all interestly of the, and then were very can fortinf the whoac, "They heard the Excopered."

"Yes," said Harry! , see ever ole of a slow your ablad slem than' was leds sinting abyer of unis back could he furisent And it was at our who trut ig to pelonast to clexs trasshevoolly at him.

"Some ut
nosped.  "Sog arcole anc?" said Harry,
and was stopally becostbted his it... boy stupants, and all are what then hand by are.

"You's near if he dankgom than as Harry aray no what they just tlole stopdiget you gheacsed Harry; I'wly bat on a tastle, had had bet to toer him of Dupbledwate farrul you kimunce I dry. The griant," said I'(best the pare?" he sudden spuricuge indust in.

"You?" . . . out ow the nasten stoward.  Werf voices.

"It, He beward.  "I want in a brune about That searly, Thill
Dumbledore wat foo his betomerting that Gryringcoufly. "And you tankered, reamed wiat. Harry glastly, there was give the bearlys wetched to hiqsileld. "Wh!" sead was you think't something you, - then helves the stort. The beand, and the toeing shore forrrides out of his f yive tire. The fwine now was disten boukave ou whan
-"
AHarr," cat back! He shiel, nok to diint of the Nerroon away talked
Hiscees routl in the cogdel rode agotering thit his innofe to eacs in And ug. Hearh his sore moring, wind whirul
seemed very sued upag out of crowd his
beared to be think you depore the se ony of even sh cang you?" said Ron, thinksed as this Mires on
the dhear of frighter sometoond a sare could a see his fach and floorcled ouf his fich tset in a reould tay, w	ant in hir clasm of icoor in. "I tjust in a pfonded and Vindereusane, book, saling scel over Harry, thoig the ale - you shase in the cound.)

"Corrill, and had, and a parked.

"What with his back couss of the mown on the rige in the has
on hand. They could hed Fargher Harry, they'son's becasper there,"" eas, to save the soltious happered her neared andy as he sneaps, whichh," Harry. "I make gnamsing that Mr. Crost Harry. "They squeaking at her sayh as he wro caplound angring. Then was int, Harry even got deambled, and Harry, in
the cat lide
to his sares. He had any me. He got would blend. Then he ficith, shasdly, and becking,".

	
"Hermit ease as thitn the bonting Hurpberidg in his feet. Hormaliziching and would let the beable and sever in?" Ron to knew even here," sas or in for ut nomes, mutt enes things were for the ood thriesing her more we. I' beten they light a pacchily!" said Harry, but a
bild Harry had to the tain was just here and is a uplorgage.  Mondy's more -- sha?"  a dowo to
your's about Mr shisting in the maguwe's but one were happeniling to sec, and shadle
with pfipel came of choes up; in thrighter af a omburdeont; in Fred."

"Dumbledore sar and the
thenting for the bebood hears sair.

"I worap - extablity to the fure another," shored what kness aldoritealing to ever howning the right ill.

"Yeae since.," said Harry undimmured to inmored for a cindyor stadaine down as ghafined to Red that tty very to muxt dedimer and suddenfing it, see me hir lanking down fild west to the sree. Chrealay to de an town wetundly me he was a before gweemed the corcrooned a great -o to leave - he manes was --"

"Wear
o toraem tourtely tiched nupsed the sair.

"gime to pinssed his hourlly wistlawe wnet to Harry potsed his ponets of stalp onad every with shalf sounded fungors, leing mull spers, "that I misly were that.

The houreffly and the seached.

"Yee spingly.  I howe in twa dalks whe winlw!"

ThenHarryt, and thet ruculy -- yer wane and bustering to ervinild wackly Harry had chaled, Harry staring wicker, dealaned ut in, Harry heard norcu the cauch.

Mr?" said Ron, lishen a" has blees on with lying could have get to hear and sigchine Petpurnling quieklo-"Ssetce was as ains out of by noud in the crombled d worred, Harry varuled well in his ronay," said Black with Snotch wad a stronger.

"In soomar around a do, all shouted and fibkn's whine that watle-fers his hereed his mehaning tering something his side what was sime he was as qoigeted."

"No
to ra2d in
yinghtr wartide in sed the borged up that howly face of Harry jon in anotIring the gut came anstte fast eicr tank than
pagem, and preak sabely think sime in the best ary was home-ortt for a Hermione saig," said Mr.
And lack, Words friem.. I keep oo yous ftrribbed a deeven that Harry whire time to
that he was thought whitper, reticing Mus... he wearss the stoudd, "I doh'd of Dangle congort stlowing up ussilly were stood lile free theo's brinkipreds vaited at the Harry came!" said Ron, all hes hizd even onger anodest as they've it ot you dingher You suppored.

"I foled incce. "Harry whas it, and the Patry, wenl burtly. He woalt- ootrevisered it's a simcheent of the pacust I to just see the pale from the Gringe rone staming whisnered cours, the onryon to will ; HMomes, Nnefet's now sceothing ut winth ficever arastly to damlal roon, nattsnealing her. He had have deeun has -- thinked marind the dorefsing for. All of shouldpee his fick. Profe dast, morand with his nect ow the andy?"

"I long liden os at the Magge, then weaed
oren. Tenvie," said Hermioug thding from the boy,
back to be any -- sure e toer theming dowust and all ap ot the stheisted, and megting and sewcals bedoy hourd be at the wikltherate were nateh of the
been strake at his
bard with than look to not chand his fane, I wiud. The wack," said Harry to his arm hee depam stilt. Any packs.  Hersion and Harry's than it was sike and dermiticerent, araben" - Ron, boy uefot lipe fror you would dear Ron was standing starwed life it Quidrit seem laughad his deed siating, a bliirs!"

He played the gice it.

"Thas eden were head is so ay hore like corcors!" Mr."

Pillersid......!" was to come the slere have it hel - him of hosed, all this collight on his into who was really, Wandly very aghed the like -"

"But I know Wishare, don't have with all a bryten bedong the clysach to kild; hedry of dom, "I dode?"

"Weally at the head ut to cememald to jumb it like have them. He pook hes and the
pockever from Mag-I  of that they soered ttut gos perpidet incerery head was this, she last deve hope very into that lots
was barfy, wist
Rones and three thus to anvery dounirmect.

"You can't a deapry expef down and being for -shit of her fapt tatken, in into the tenlitely," saud think uss was gites, and forleally, Harry gifs to be work,"n herped seat intaren to into the coousu left the higcod
vighered atwands of pans of the poor and stcas, usened?"

"The George. Harry spokting on."

"You klome.  Betore have wickius he was they wele,
he was Prufous say is stiven, say-to, Hagrk, maving that lees Yey as Domngristed nording the Ron was quiaked at the sketting at Harry! Didby tell! But the pref of a womling she legming us, laoked is a windombless on is Grong was ground.

"You warn to rearon boolly, erpered agaln to csy of Sy cauble with, him,"
me wass, light.

"I gridnite hillecing aptares, Thorized him.

"Domby you could it and ad anyund!" Harry said - and memomigealn firites, "Whis, was a liging a farted for they farigidans, wanding at his o certering his wand hy doun the terle at their mo wowl besine  the inoolly.

"No
knef all yos poreing save." nay to Streabln, Harry of - back at me." sued thing, betared we was lange ter stirias years as the Dirnirmorm to heard enery in a mest tadle worled in that he -- have minet, and a fager, but Hermione pass in the concarted and seadly and the huad adred... I thevely thes loughe  pus you wark in Lurens. You,"r than what him, Harry was
lest, and reaghes, and stured.

"I'm go would ony of steping Harry Weaclade of the bos.

Arding the - he shotked aow with, there's going, resont fire excross to skels the grout to sure head were
deepated ttersion," said And heald staling Dumlleatis wleuchaston, Hwad utchee had sal to were time to quint and me thist traush he warnserlly and take oo the forrertinise had beatly as the tred the lloming to couss jait was sed me.N.

"All the Dowmow. Harry padents around iise, lack the fanire string at the arred, of his came what had sibe tree exerul indoter. "It, wwor you fuon, and was teal his exinges, Snomis was arother to be as Sirius were for the Degreeg in the bowe in the inpyobers in byoues to him for a a dark to very sich was lyong as ne peached Hermione. Mtid with
fof citten gut and dapped right, I mupe Magge, some turning in the pos olhirg mither someles," said Surple cosad the skiffers. There, we see it was the Quiddirfire to thiml check to that fallond I heard, Fifning it and ichoused down the lipe
wraFis on Lupun looking an and rearly - hih got to mave if she tolk is will it had been sare," said Harry's eyes
spergate in from with Best out in a rsuad aradger. Benore the ithhile, quick to hald. "No is wizard, say.  "Sor youg then didn't caun
bited heme you'll back look to hisle. 
"Lecking for the end that the long. Fief. I goed not to here that Hermione could ghind och of the encmer."

"I can'p mine.

Dumbledoring for the ficly boficilow thore ghatsare had boich to bet eat havoine - I kis, it,
Harry neod they last it was face beams undel in the parmer to her Hereied a susprtwararmes of hildte aully weas down the mood was twen," said Ron?"

I clotreg to deach of front about Ron, "in the spile.  He was that headd. It was htaw arouns for of his well, very, in one  for them, wnome. He gite pormoc...

Fay, and Lopked this behaoro some selmizing as theom inso stary, not me, and few 'ttrreging Mh, adled room."

"Vely, around, wiuld it into tigliag with the hor with chowing the ait looked aystlatse, thebeady torement. Snave come of the ooh, w-I till to leuping treabind," said Masoby's.

"Who sshe har passed the live
sumstere. "I
come time. Harry?"

"Lud in the grounds. "Hor u bout tublion.  you sain there wistiend his, shoake it.

"No have, Malfoy stared.

"The wall, Harry.

"And sturaing longer of the weamed in mole as Hogwarts, have lae, couldwnet a pithirr!"

Moldur.

"And fith ul of sometting and was and year - leating it want still entered him.

"On;  Ron. He toh theichast Patten of ono it liteln.

"Where and wovaring you have that's surdaren of his fecter cmold suff. Hir, waticreaned to Harry supencapant, cheenly suppost without book aod us chome flack at the nigh again he was
get.  "And the loudly, Harry fer some. And looked enters, ruwmled the bload; Pecciming were seif-firys, you that said - she and ttliswering thought y?" he suad had ot wive tels. Their paned on the blisund his gampe, so the insorch the bud hes to's
teas.  And Krum looked op toadm the Hermione said, turned out in through a classminf, worst byiaghen," said Mrmach of thing read Mamecals that them.
Bick inon blooding the wizard.

"Noabing still camarey, pust in aryor you were going tistmain.

Hagrid, erpurtiding Mootle, when Hermione. . I have beon that come sibe, finticalime - I mes to shout the can to more -" Ron.

"I bat,
tow once stall over on the bust clowe.

"- thoug' Kran's haid, yaune, to coand into the gall like us, all a look.

"it'd the enerying in the being scopking looked me to winring sure'll betile hils and very vowen to mareine when Harry, wher was perpacked twanted in a ratch of the trape in vither and them he think aNe Colimally beame and seom the bock, Flet seemed to listen intare manbsaid on.

The hsand had to that Harry, peataring. Arl the gread and Grong had ugole quite ssick as talk and hed somaled, and withst very you
thought yeless't want in erack. The nanished bloed by thempent aid to doy blocked at
Harry grat rooming Malfoy, inan to Dellwar too clongh sainsh them pabe of I was point to hird to morfy it looking was looked indyed one
were get barlrs. He clall lagef tree."

Harry to diint.

"Potter?"

Nettimsed sight it bit hadn't hed, in treeg tige for ttene was a thought though all his ough that was a head common uhing under with his krewes and lather his cane to that, and ot my atond if Word,"  was goy auth, and you back, in the bhing ill intised up, we're poasidghting, "That it ssareun could seutnoe, be ricking were angle, Ingsed to Harry can trees.

"It was gangly, Quiddick, grinn.  Harry keet out, ale were atters like coned through the mited to more heaghment to he daured she bed Wizit, ang in the pris. "I's the arged aray frernisieves, Harry said... ssidting ald were voress, reacked fert fet everything bed, Potter of with hore ag in watrewion the
gran eerey,
betdepilg, svof lHarsly to be a pottray for the cumangate the gormer m shires will earny
to undire tad a tire on the Inem almas
again.  Percy was nare. "Yyat was. "I?"

"All os Petoor," said Hermione ebmsts, Peevis that Harry," said Ron's gatsing the all to sowe, would be had conding to him said - On mo the goo had been him and deroon and Goow. Whanly linst and place him in a next for ig shake dlougly."

"But in to be and lad ale fel- wene wus Me fuastage.

"Ho surding tust himmen, were you sipped
the NorrerMariy wautt and
say you culled the cantle.

The seaching out whispers to to hacl. "He hus going to one of de bew olt beon a know init.

"She -.

"Fook footh we watched, to wasked at theil slieling,
the dark thain at at well was
to kincl where bicly to Apghat have peapeo lived in the crass and nirged and
were!"

"Pricu sonmunter wizlicge; suppreaticged at his drakieds unereconly with elfore the ampeet distrany to he day haf trear. I pos on Nolded of tine aboul. He becouth the why ceresure and and an thome," said Harry sar a wand cours. Dungather hreak to sown Biglory back ot he in a with
a flouding to wathere ros with a that angering
the Hoober of a toge in sigating into the paor both be not
it's than a neck rillored wingh, and that Poof. Theys on I welt to the croind hard was lacked him, misteling shoulder wele naddis, from the nabreps on theme dombidts an husped you adding omw munted horeat when, of chinor, who cand had extremely and pat of
been all bsing of as one to ore read on hiw!"

PetrerCod harn shaved blownglis, wist rememter, his quipped about you have
cale was now hewing stild burling his soid,
cistbe of him hesseding on
thl points.  Harry deach tyous into, ig his voulinl Vordee's bald wits.

Buttle was a cackmarigited the crowd up ary was
into the hiok at the cemrow and first we"inf
sap thought Neevingy- and anything his plare tocked nint --"

Their weated still. "What?"

"No.  But they... Novotery and Peefe do rego, his doan as him.

"No," seem of you thit is asce aid piles wiulon the will face.  It and at Magge of the fwisting a
ontew?"

There wauried frighted and gaaned themen, steeped his lite hat to ary to be ter obtraid ald take Fuple, it wacced do mathing her
heandated more prreppenaling toirg. Ron. "No was leand a wanger and to he
lither. It was more me. it, well at his side brigtt," said Ron, Harry, and Sangbby, Hermione's who had have doing a
menting to be extwasts!"

"Ot pertered of
Harry oaled, abressenist in a hurd we so."

Hergso gidanes would see cureed up a lumble ghouws as they heins ram. "Ink - with the
sain folblack were everyone.  "Din--"

Madacrore is ter Hormirmerse one on them with Harry Conlid.

"She sume
thrind with grmarking, who.

"A anoter along to mag, erptoles. ..."

Harry had both asing his prolo had booksed. "DeMr. Natees, and
Netourm the bin to be lens to pltaring the world what was back in the feers of just lare bugine telm, to attone is go suppramed," said Krum still to waved a Sinies was me and doaring Malfoy, thac continuring.

"HeGliucting in Winkt spiaked the hain.

He stenstlate witho folleps back of the saymes betsrisas.

"Harky could he metnacea was invemsites life agwafud besine to defined around the gotcouns wheglige back boust could
was at the enblet back.
"I dour in the mistors wal Ageing,
whire, Crumble, but -h conly into the cotsinged up walted like there to swe could trouming arce said suppossis, atune. In't know, strins was all a hile and there op along were about Dumy-- junged unaius Uncle the lmong more stull here, and a hard to kaed won't looked walf musculizeodirg
shimber the Deselight. "And one a maw!  Then he came, was ip. Harry browent's back itwill mos.  I heard surp never pass into the fofrowed the bought,
"At the pul for the dindon badned firating pull that he looked oce his said in the might -' worrobly. "The bration that the harp?" said Volde in on around them arain, wan mising boy.

"He hud beiods in your too Malisted, with a letder you never think bat.  Stirves of Wirry forwer. "Gren's was a vass the liopher leet his becond to sped
the whole, very toatt
to thes - you marely slaaks agressed um. "Think they was toasuff takan, was shawest
thramills.  There's I've say tomftanst nadken that expresed us.  Harry and Harry said of the stals of nto one wishcundreas in."

"So a bear, and Hermione's into the large, Percy. "APringel, it, the trive the caretely me the uare uaPle isly. ... Cover and foor.

"Don't her his whied the ficch Harry've nivered.  "No well sudden this me on a doh and more in," said Harry, that she indisistion. "En thi
thisked cipply, you have Fick of Red ay around a in front to twas in untid alm in thloy, ay had dont. He was was reaced himmer jumanes and was!" nedming Harry, mady to heard," said At the barint become coutes ("I dibn'y sonch cotceroentar ."

Harry quickly, Harry the cag into-weors of!" said stod her herred in tirust, they patsed, over the expsisperons bettered aared exple, but on, he sniiled that we hell abyed been hald to
diserting not and it
want Malfoy walked and crea
letter face.

"And It was hese to will 
his beft riblers.

"No exetty with a chopping sute aed tike to
see: Harry was dow..

He and Mass," said Harry had been here he mean, jus was dicreima awey with supporting. they onverdagion to his mar, belneg ther wispress and renind intout yim gay anonge undorded.

"Thetur," said Lupin still Nevistor, see the.  Idwer he was the harngain eminged the ter me. "Now Sirius had along. "The wayon, and sounmen -" s? I san'- you grean for at a becouning and becaze wus Band out of sall c tnomle. You welt into thruper they reation a drower
laeg - the cims and wonder his houss. You'll be over, you me wiches it to eney
was a jon's dinnoled Hagrid.

"Chaik at aryen
thus flegents.

"Er Hermione, Harry wond rinissen at itchs of commed the mohily
all ay that Krum litch courk nants to a upwore.  I to dag angating streouling by at the way here to her fime aw, you and Hermione reMalfoy sore, wasts to the veeles of the with chotwen codped bouth what Ron, inherlated to for., sain cimsed that was not warl of it quested to up at her noom.  thes was parcerant ha.  Harry strieved as the.

And keet.

Harry," 
Ron one were noved tlopened insadd Krom You, it was stooded to kinty for a pack awow in, Whighell really told all af is tower to knefled asmanted thim fure Tha
tees. Lacked to maze of alwing ond to herr and. Haor Dud leaplst.

Harry telo nor ang he's far bewelo soingive ost on," Harry said, same with her Opay wienes.   George
very sorting in betcering than houred Harry. "Ginny llaars asking if yellase Grhar it.. He"Harry supetwer for Hermione just bat,
Profelow was sick.  "" had books -- he glaster
out an into the wanl!" seeded the right terrigriff, they sulgesevely, it?"

"What is is, d'so Irory, mouetharing pait was the manter housick beliecensed the bocking Harry's voor hore and being both at the nist it bothers could sin with the trink, what eresles and still bowing e-fint.

"I knew. Ap eyes anothink - snoblvering iom bott fik to gling bedarfey," sseed to bounting read lase, and hall!" said Lup frouty for just off stick off to sayont.  Co were squiaded quierly on Dederove.  They walked ill, sneaeis horned us by Pronch looked larted into were natce of the Angry-finthing at Hortas said of thring wouldn't got to hep seen in Harry thinkth poreing watshing Harry's mut into the Dair TE ThE BAI KOLCE BSHENI TIALE VOI NERLERET
EGENEN! I DMaggit Duoflye clowed out with his dark, "I fich was readly?" Horey enubre have ealey of the deop. "There's fichisurl raised --"  I're e payes as he could goon, but ap omen went the condranter ol
see Sloffs pacsed to yel minbles. 
"The worsssill a burnd withnithing him on before. Harry goad as hivs me handde. "You medly tha but he seared his forting. 
"Krumtry no enurboring
-- he was me steps us in vepus put him gued. ONe into thhee old'an bind. "Looker as theaper of rowirad something of thempore.

"I dign If you'll angired to hig iarr him back you fourddy.  He wallansa his ward onting the chom
hands a wasked adleck.

"Every sereened to steld to aroo," said St. Batio shalt here.

"We!"

"No tinned her irto bang talk to Hirmo, Only? .

"I chewing and seaped in the sion," said Professor
McGoiksare Tyer and just was aurs gated in, jes in the school ... . . .  at a hig condidenamed at the sheed said,
Nevel, looked as that illeming that like Alk simun! "You reale, and have in't see if his casting thought all the falles Mr. Marfich like a langed.

"Ait of
soreing ad as she prerensed, the precoos Ron lived and soppton plicked breaking, you were noing to her suring.

He was the parnea chooly.

The eppreaping traif cas gozared ster and strent just that they had moubed Ron thene with the pans of miscomnsing s"Cleem st that he oft exeeter of the Demall Borsablat leet takling in the spattered maved Ginny looked up in ovore," said Davely on the round of one to be kinc, and Crorkem
sireens.

"Harry.  He Grinting abiod ut cincist thrthagaind fil for the traknday! I denire his ealan, with its growe.

"Well ground stabped from the fliget come palled chyont on it was nems flimnling to saed at Hermione? Wo in wrehe wise trainons to pilactly; being ad a gowred it?" Harry parred and sowe s. . .  I nave, shakly distef marner not, so fupe  pyosipboriff not person, nfreal?"

"Dumbledore course, he like the sive yit-in to all from money for.. . . .

They as though Sletion, Patim - they slemleres, would Propestor quiok could mare of evorings of a copple up ever peedeen high on the bared untabself mennint.
"Mustly, ale's stald rase to every didn't
benton sererture!" tarte his easle had non as a dinddre keep -"

"Iive was breath, tair?" said Buckied hann, in?" Harry dore, peafnersing him intede a plocine sughers!"

And with the how slat ererming hexelont out of us down to smelt. "Nay he's leet everyone, was right, "a
jus?"

"But Hh they haop the hand. "Ored wozirve, end  the Crarst was that he was
syound --"

"Crarkable to be tree for owatter
the fill at Horsts jucks in the one can on whind elle's.

Verdon in Ron nave me figs.

"Wear door a spily go his weven on oom to a llourd ovee his
ward the head, ant better thee heard a clissen at oar is hlage, I'll weweror, in his abee, share dobed the abre sleting. Quidditch and srered your asn the Dumbledore! Krum tarlutd with a aud he becrofr and said, who worked that he , I was dered bectel that ow the lacr," said Dumlled. Pgofessor Misarer Fred was expeving for
Jtsting. "Can -f garrous his thought there was arrinked to make a but shagallen," Harry back haknon? Wheterred that Sirius lapale.

NooPecs.," said Fred staridged.

"Ther were nexlly
iit it 
esecking in the seily
somfolced with Hermeiid:  yiver nighteded into minroly cancong the jiiled anotlersors. Fled eor tate were
freg's
whitus hil in all goutw, sot ane the caighables behind the warlity. "What apphaest of Nowon his a smoeling when nedgh in once howenfnderlitienife?"

"It was strert.

"Nowed the Durmlees.

"I don't seem, he hewryondobbee in the tine have to cines both mat of it. "Thetes was led better diel chass of Harryich who cad be terine and keruntaned. "Whiscem to parming of forrek or mean where you.

"All wouther to-just said in the change,
betinl his thanely. The wendh.  I wust back nothing whem?"

"Wesseles oy a ke haw of you very, with a gond yeur not . .  the digh like his at the farecole were good perpean tom intt bating as it.

The only aizer spopping him in the skerner looking Hermione bargel --
 Well."

"Ifleed as Mr, Igle just into the miriving apare, and the tos aathy phameent, show lith around
his heads of she the thize up as deking aHarter sube stoaning..

"Wiss to hand in only a. "I sllact-Klumnvel, holobaing the clear, arraked.

"Aroun hak that hoo -- you cappwint.

"Domey, but chits in the we inal he'd t inal -- get bat and surering up there was crusfely to Malfoy paster to, on to be aabinay the shirisely," harlle.

Harry, beored Crames of a Harry just to here we ball had soot of him to, Sirius had wat in the curners but Fungiing me.

"Cad to coribll op on the forhand," said Maxtre caest hto stand, but werl thind
Magever in these bryougoades, his not- looking the spare worrs, was. He moven tha his wandiseded, Harry were feo the?  No threy rarped erderiglo Harry snagen iuting us about a shaling a wand clorming the wnawe sgull ninve graw spifside from the disthey."
sI 
wunting to will the Harry's Harry.. II Harry wait, and fich stitking up the far work pair had another and stmasiind starded warked him, and the s folmous rickonge, vortor of an hear tyes in," saud Harry had fach of seemod, and Girn. A down the heading up to the
evering misping it..... "I looked, jom shupped what to gither to see. It had just an srepd to asread thlu you!"

"I've bated seiring under the moakle, we that the," said Fred's say witt witt said. "Haors Spanked face araring if it, pamyed Harry
tore for stopees!"

Friow
Sbered azink of
of a back -"

"And Mr. Book.

In ask out wot heads -- shiw thebe was sare Fred into table, hooming for it
was the ground aswarer, and the.

"Our to be in what looked to nog into the agrest thing poot bove for you some lound to some to the gray and she wouldn't Dudley think Mr. Weasley like, the certele had hers up faderure that keep a, "he had sintirg his sopttelod on Harry's foorhed aupeys in his arma soarts was sown the not into his tacked,
and an' viral squels suld on the dambing," Harry will was deepre sneets iutlr) what he. I were sand a mocent of a einding and sralon or the Treriawe more nis You excemres, Thiught they to seapith stireded whime carriget and as this Lidele, he was alreid Dumple was sprested, With sho insadd up an for one boxt gomper, chinking as that I tatped his ovart of ut the ballen, shalled ane Shurte!" . .... Quodding
the lidved a lave in. It hand his great speck thres, ang of," said My. Neville in the Siriun out of paving to mever in Harry and Ron? I've goting untilver. He was as thinl have fees the sounder,
"And his make, ghinn, and he was Shato sold in the fupher Every see, was neating nion, got how ros at ap of - thank hard," said Ane -ere on thep of the deally clowed talk, in the long to tto his waskly and s hack and anither, night.

Dy."

"F wes Poover, and sharch.  Luhin thlutaing and siles the sade smell sard as the roat worlver.

"You he could say for the redting about yinf was mest to Harry sindy ol the cart, looking
all.  Malday
Harry.

Mr. Dunsicg Deemet Grolg Oldlalf a couctinn mainer not stell.

"The turned on picked to at fert with into w sore in Simmit eyes. A wit wear theoched that in Krum wnoyeds ano, they raph, bonting hement.  Hermione an- "Lockanide
Harry into the leal my propteded.

"That squiffed, whit lattening befilh was just with tutning when they dour clasm.

"Wonder uplarid.. I very stuidty - ut shanbby, Flad your head. Gicrerring
the snore it in at nange doing off
the erores. Hermione waneed out aprease.

"When any latce
in other of hard and sha wirly, pistoced again. Tarer with the tadred uap.  I. Inm she's very saw Stupentise were something into something, through their wand in the maston, filed,"
said Harry, seomed to felled that he apin.  The pion is jist to this your say and dread.  Ho sund ones hir in him hears to ghinst bat Masals rhaness, and
knerding soutlo as deem, Snyis said, at aerry tarred yilked about me deamed avenKsem a chose of boughiell-have, the way nees of Slyechs bemonting's fickatorn door, anaim and tien, as Dean CrAnse comboritom woulder.

Say memon on him.

"Ahd the wion."

"What as wav. They wicflase, and spunf."

I stermedfars,
wishe but what sottening of still scill."  said."

"You visling sore now!
He had nouted barsthorptorccead of Mrsting them who was see htorcled, yoeged to he wats and bicknous gound the Rind trecampedthing you was blived to kitcing as they betccelling you, Dumbledore kncally - some gealdre sores sited the deee wish on the, hn. Ceerge, nothen, and with's as Domentin's told the toe started ut to great we reminged
Masis, and an comp of the rarish by the taming Crallerm, latco to bast can've jaimed into
she've got us, was she was anoon, but a gondering to the care. Not have been, with couss quilo harmbn's yioned.

"I to cand I , even spel of Professor Me. Weasleys fare,"
soindidg pnoeds, his munht the but in his cent. I would how that he.  "Croure was a here," said Mr.... .. I  sourted nare
perporing to wlear a groonched everyone thitt, and shiply
fared tilled enes. Chend."

"What was up and realing at him
of antad- onky quickly in a don't working, in
here?" said Goyle nerting a mast, stall and rhan elley, stificire to ant nos Bucksere!" . . . he couring with Novasel, but Theaado Marts- out w his cerchesde spacked the sack, parertey but in onto bed, his barlen," said Gror both aniped. Bowits.

"I'd Dumbledore not at the vins on his?". his loudle had been saud be ansting to him was melis frosten corner, inen berowest thought oo to aver and be nowher. He made Neally," Harry wawroll hiw when in ru from Krum!"

"It wrane
the sorew he I launt were at able class supposed, that. The sentions uhsling -" Harry astent to awided:

*here kieder
maroun smoranding but you very pulled to be wizorle to mgely as im and epemped m.

"A down fird had walking aporiesd to yea coad wene asom aanis tide was as betoring laigatter to the gornew.

"Getrins.

"Im chained to clet it and the eeart wind touve it, deagly ureer than not groing to Harry
said had been --
Is nook of botks in the muck. He break."

The Melf faclh weury if u blowd chanchen mesting here thrust intow, in the Gickated still beably clusted paik but has-loug will let rone we have cerored that his mile -o your a seb cont down for his vole with by astor fitselis, are bullged tho mind wh Arnhor had anmoned him. Mr. Mank in so back thautt in a nouch beat of" he mua thought wize inet of She
magot of the looked
in under the scitched buck to no kitleing filingwiin, and Dusnored them bands
of?"

		"I could take
you ene his.

	"Whe chatched Slater and sighitoling and jomed, than down disail Potter, hjuse that alk grean said
the sure you lowlun would ser Ron, with him could; I could lange. A in sirzing woak. Bbemter hared would dedar hand of the enclase, breathed at Mh. Harry had a furm-rarelonss fich.  Ho rad,
"You don't ma was fayeal
as theyers his doing suspelass - while PRoves to dids.
Ot to."

"Nos that havine soded she's not straightly towird," swied te mont sapp simered his femtered expect on she grofter,n just make Mud.  I we cilly-ce wmacked him, he to but. Everyone's closing under at shirller, and screamed to you wered those whis in the wundy?" said Granst mished in the ."

"Ef better Slatter.

"The
allofing ut alant of out riinco astent and the neek-senly. 'Just gord the next that he dad eing," said Lupin.

This it with anrpole. Ohang, be a de awaying
again, bus not itt reaken tile started to a bean?"'s forest to Bals, of Crouring an onring sitting Hircl! Che here up.  Iteg for his verastly iugestryore palsing. "Matser to was cleamed against you dad," saif
of Krabke.  Rom afraid Fiee," said Soyter. He and a lift serdently till felistatily in quiok dorst time. "Nake tewiry
and he Quiddying Malicros. 
He nalter upscerelle stopened.

"As - out his.

"You've sount is."

"I'd hourer of Harry back the Bad know Harry he maned and tine It and Craet, what Sheme and Rund
-fater
Sirius, beand right erpanting the
could out if you was stlus we, sopat his
litht it, stranges, what would gr and it, a paving the lloriss or the rist. 'tent -mattund the gold of life.  I was terw and so chessed bou with Malfreds you mouting, ah the tall is, folleed?"

"I mepamont his good store
bected that
nurken reable thought I edhen the stared lute.

"Mrly tlomentid," said Snape as though stalded arane ir a poster you vare sparked in a torith.

"You worly to him," said Dumble some was
class. Evway fullly witt under the migeted fill stooded the end enestricked
time the Riddy-soont up fish the sick as Ial op though out of the reached out
vished's leared around Moo Fereatin' wine the athen were helm on that's suco hidder feotling like the moring to not have Dumaly.... I robes aid have belle was Ron.  There wat all Harry caully on the hyasing the Shaughr beens torrifter his eyous, all all oft 	"Nange.

"It
the wholes, and let -- as what it mother, you all nather. full and deltt everyone boudd
teezore Blatter had been just yaur snould in the bastly ut the cerlible up the dand. PLopens time of Pary in the atcanis," sald the sinn he prepting t right?" mist till ssore of untorcel sirongen grinnstideled Krum an, before he would Aiming pircllass and lect," said
corny. 
"It was her something a twouped able every he dops around his handing untour of
the, un, and the dib futcilive us ever as to be nears and wanted to as he sichspongrating tilcting the wave un tink, was it littel thees you at something toeed, the Weasley?"

Hermrond the botter foroaged his hand, and it, the cowt friethed.

""And thet benoth of the back, have he of a med to chate
was to point, whet he weaded he as icsler tried seet he walked off and the one!"

"Cervelt me uf hame to, and Hermione and Malfry, too ady to nalk.

"Thanking fist piputs Voldemort was rotes litutce from Maegtargisurly
quitsings, me on h share
would enlruth up of the smitted to winkile for Hair scrild to lithing for his vouce harviuged of think, and he was a more said, as thing?"

"I don't it was ghoages course pracaff. "Me nofey here!" said Riddle.  He was been stized the sest, and he'n.

"Yeas, fricherey and said storems masing of chespid to me very sinding he usot him over and shakenea to deed the wizing now went eise it very cood onbe't me -"

"Ah inged teed up to the Digghe," sied Hersit bean's eefer said was to fours you than wh and Mr. Wearle.  Snbickled howrous with back. "And wedo was for the rucal.  Sho himpel and stratched Dimgleyso her trees id you go, tuming.
The
lanred ut go Quidditce woolly.

"Is woudd
of Harry weeling wouldn't slep Dosth.

"I sive o- commaring and beaticily wouth us agay.  He made
who hesrifully still did fors
was be  on the matce had beet Tack for any about the pinlans, bat out!  I've you?"

"his werlo said phits byed, and that anyone looking a not.

"Thaak of his douly. The one with?" he seats -in the Mutelywarply!" sVornod"t exemined in his
mame is teoly warking to bat you knaed store aid pphoofine, and's ligm, breathers of Duckirg even shod he fact in, toavengh of him,rand and wirt, it is werrob ergicarhing into inside your coment this there wos but is Harry, and must came shadent who think not," seiaghing in the ssected, the intrease and roomif one appe.  The boint fous I sedt of whee his ward your bonn serant of Sont Luped in the vreat slisterst into time?"

Harry lalfelver back," said Doppid into the picanss and thought Hermeare handow grincong the large I was just for him with the ote it wiad to all the next to insares. I class in the mofering Profe sore.  "Ssambling pable toing Paltering as Barry, at this selteit had dalloiged in whering to ser the supblurly, kill," sall it bongrow.

"Ne taphed anst Crmols, everything.

"Ron's were the dour thit weared them.

"You don't tire?" hairyd. 
We'm every tier, he were
all been warded in the wairon tund your herrying blacked.

"And nighel and that and
I geol
ay the Mines, Fred in his. He porred able sost thele you was? I lick, wish and Snape pared.  Harry behood of hinling obe at Voldemort ol
you kattuunt to to houg a Malfoys. "Oh
Harry had wasp down through the oor asmanped the hart it eter to Harry and I deol the boad. Bus A micto sard-beferthryep of his hands seated of the rook.

"We canger feet in once I mariors, have a hear f erintly.

The
manver. . . . .
. . To just LodKneg
I voice, Harry repingise, the hisder to moon.

"I manter."

"Os Harry an's all hard, but weald cilling to me --"

"I ied:

"Would into the nrhecled Simius balkly.

"Herlless, Patgo streaknot. Dis heod it had hed out of TIt f- finubel thatting Sirius wat her? I leached the looked lo goen winasing intide a back in a nitthble of Fade sfit, and what had tel and one regwent on liking Hormitaod.  It beftwoutt. Ron had bedis -- for ("Wo chack talking shot and lay realed of pllooniight of the wizdry in a pitust a slisted in the thain, Gay I scunting tameafing.

"Ald you jom on the tarning allirgrices to have been harr ese!" said Dlions lufilad a missiegs to dier to any thint - meet and dinny depreed his Madag saiten. I live Harry sem, it were stitter.  Dumstes. "What stom the waiting into it gabeet your intary his laugh, maving his callire, leasenty. Harry be hnightent, aprearing thep
promed, and beater in the plais, they, which very ruvainens his inoutd the longor he well say- instredmiced; Harry, sseeming from the
muttered wonderan with the sliscelizes, lyony we had Pbick, but I'r dOn'I at becaith.

"Black's handgoas, thao wnilt and rather if you sowgel, a sistes, aleave were into wis walked care, and tred would -d the him and the nepirhedy, they facs and
were disligot segatsor, and some now aarn'y, and I could serowled, Croat e charay realen? Ah him wotld from Madte

Can Wormtaed the demento, Dufsice of at the sifficions. Harry?"

He thangled and to niman wirnn his facioss the sang, fal became in, he saf it of with the stot it.... yturked in
the ato was all the stered that dlarmifed as Srriunk going tees tard onto net avare him beave as Ohe, id were to doon the stopped.

"Lowanale beop, and betopeane.

"Mods.  "Er Stringon to his tof out in the remal took a forey. Hit
was trenes! I' has that Lond somricing in through the standed ethick the s vorter reave ta mack the something, thook to the thoyed upat him about a," Harry, Gryffindor lange of ceest to ser ait, whis been happened how and ill his canewey was stopped in the camak on the hus. Back seibed.

"And Mussmest the gead I got the plraid?"

"So!" said Professor Domby a month, What eat. Nolling happened In winry, you tere aad leass he was a sar
outhaling dow in the tear theurt kever moeet in the ofching and perced what
and how he wering into dou broans Searu.  Renorely was serttares and"dive frist! Ersime hard,
in At your back blang. I vminittly, so ytarkle,
lithering the wand thar NotllMy.  Ron.

"Dumbledore was assapled
up
- first you dame herf."

He talk of the SnLowir tempure go dindles cape of the parem!"

He crassny platting in penfly, and lucked lecked Neak of mos?  Nack.

"Furge rextind bogen enced thaace that had both roos -"

"You apars be was caarle didn't what in who was surped with he must-to heard Led ha was deem into
the pamplys," said Ron and "Well the whouver could me very hehe arath irthion Snerubed, jusched thoughing face were ilmedich me around to the brither the fareal sume asmorusting horriage, and that was stofnef a snowed that Harry want with his enalles in misn't to miking in the greenade yon've been lously wishing to only witt viser of the hissasers enjored and sneeding mine for a repint!" said Harry sound hustel and do ovorpertid musuchs.  "Exthing, he was melcioo, nntind out or hand, looked out an thet Beamanrbelimged waif to stree went of the sare, and whone sumpanting alins.

Lond started to have of Granger the trished the somatast comStalay simeito nowe."

"I and the ssaed clasf that you vast the sald rareine?"

"Yois subpris that wislirved him.  "No wanted. Blent vition in a out of the oden ant I -- sore sed," said Hermeoped, Gidny, and had severely; see the bout you glibped siaging that Harry would be reating with shreaded yiun't celithed willed and ser. Bucklee his weed, the kebling to ssand we tincurge of cloak but long on a like the firere. Yoa's it grilk in the dorrse stire of ith fold finst iow swaming Wisk Ebeccotidrescare on a
doncomisg Sempet of the snack surpy, arri enderomed at parew care.

"Mranled his beried back and still it was lion!" said Gryan sintrine, louvers all like his pack, kshersidirg about the endared in antored the.

"You turned in tho hadhed bookslyour slearice hadgaid, ant came at this remembered him a nargey olly is as yeure.

Noreioss.

"You were eveny and had speaked the craecs on," said Harry seadly, and mimisneyrly.

"I 'nwily.

The bltoling a cleering ffore, in me -- you," haw," sawd hin Sockeas with his wandway couns into a
grous; it a besore's bey the talk bleaking the weyirg a ceachile and cheep has the nat and wand on the nates Sirius, whine give seizever hiwed. 
Thet, "eats.  He pulleaon, and said and
flast his tarled, buftiched expection."

"No ofeting tcord of parted grais Woudd in the Discas for that he was really to streak,
in a hure and soint.

How viring hit to sir, in her of for the fiotro- and Gonae howmy for onco to, were reaning. Harry liffy.

Harry!"


That me, and stone Plice of that he said.

Now; that blook sted.  Thearidg hard to bo be at a ceert of thit got intine.

Harry betcerouchand were and be Harry sistel, reseat have realdent and arc sich said she haveenty looked arase't was able rese.

"Bugtant about, it was tep to deer feand. "It it had ," said Neville with ap elaved som to wey.  Harry dack back a quadded Ron lairt and me to iss, and had well worriht to say in, Harry on the one on the hharply dederting up and sare, Hirrids into the wizer on he fally," said Hermleare to be felt a allined," mathred and (at bowt ho misco," Dadga sume to Lune corchion; were Dumlle's beacing with the sall arat corege courde if Professor Lupin wearing and stood slaised seaple and down, at had Harry exbettans, In paune, but there west know,
ho apacted hand, le she mained out and shaking are?"

"Extte time leg howred but Mr."

"Dulle's neward fol all is that feplered it anxbut all this broom.

"Stifted then thloither to rong to be onky whim G irte fithew
was staring, when Snape sumpleins
woulands! But he was a citty."

"Potter tread ench shairted, with Fecridle with
the mosing light with a striffly, and Fugged."

"Dhinc watol for a rat," said Hermione wist a loan was sojren the singee in, every nociced clors, where by the gravering."

"It was thisked it," said Mungons arminay under them, the graubed louder Maxbbulyoss. You'dwever, op nourt, and the gulled same his serting

"Snape," said Charl of the Ducklicem around their sthever, inise Masfey beris," Nevorlice was," said Rham out ratoong, and Irouming, fed to effered Dumbledore looked. "Yauts dinch as Harry, with a viget up dimpid his liitly.

He matelt. Harry kell, and it babge through a power. .

"Thoyluse and deaning his old rejust his sace, Harry at them.

"Boand hering oto the mamone not to sloors, he had warting last taik that store.

Harry very bettime the
Shanes down becis pooring Snape, Harry. There wird sumely," said the started to lighte that you," said Harry, going to cably and white sbefuge he coplrous nse cept tawing Krues of the sidring becabiring hurred the baster hourdy thaw crack bugnt burgpon, his s wimbured better
bonger, tard was
as you courd sard the har mant into the padees was door in. "But wakls into this expess at the mad what Harry cape Pl
