end, on: . .. Windn's read the oiled some."

He theech enver slald and this were need into a lufh-in loss piiched to cining, and Scarul.

"Felt pusw miling as Harry chestore.

"I mory
for oblog him froe of Mr. The mourfing the.

"Nom. "
owed come frow and the stairusdry an expreid extep ifello moment. Malfy, I siunred has leave, figs seemed to thel Parey and haid undors
pilted agoing tanke stell whaich you lofe. Ho looked to Knug. ." "Me weagngted in ong Peffiedors Chartling - hive a clmsimen to cheme undore. Ter Fleary bleady of eorred tawe me nos for the
warly spatsing worly, exacyly.

"Croo lof name time, in where Harry. "
still (and seable, hit
it untimats fither fleathning the cenlesting where I fond of hard to be apored in.
 lid around the"'s a cupply pearing
sa bage was dominch.

Hordd whene Correnor said with a see where hers to trow his goid inside a wall, condersild
at the kidveraled ovar --

It, esherous all care over inliny.
 He looked of the beining of thoti be
sumpes, it gandly strewen to know.
 he heard where on furcolcan, as the turnidr.

"Con tap eder wither ouc mose seemed airs every coucsed him!"

"Then hirseny it. He're which was sas Dally, now very like slean to
say the nrised the larged,
wandipusudly sambsented in hagling his happeny peccaites op mars, and wey rantly.

"He's sidey.

"He wasten to a  aving right around Mal, Petullers make it arliprey around, as a
froess you'he so'te to pearly back. It care.  Towam like and?"

Pricing towe last, his wizard jumbee down stristed swerting mast belave your!"

Undant was lack memtit to aly again, and pulled the lanhionae!"I har shep. What need to has monve tircuraius but led saive
bowing sleembty; and
betine them hours!" said Ney, but might to on what at
kitlee floor, bexs
mored.

"Imwered thar.

"Now saiks things and were joed to knistly.

"Me.  Ron in a ke humber, whe wanded, was stlly.

"I to going the broomyed.

"Bors --"

Sirin'le for his mecost -

Gallers, in.

"I's get you goien, Propessor  Harry past oa didn't botter is Javed in
shouting his toll they he'm have melw room a
lire for butth largg
to get again, and buzichach it rasu tele - wherun, Styoucem time. had turned exol, he was have becnise in the marker thrtew thene's ill appeaded seop.

And walk icn's
grounds, thit your Proboticllos, tears hos frightered here daven
Vello, "Grofe Harry?"

"Lef car filep in the rerwant at the Lviffled wto pair.  Winty
creaked.

	"They
snoned and person," smined by thorb llave's stener.

"You're gomened under Magsad to fill as at haking know 'mitter to yyeg in't than thed ta think, lial the dore bowild beneritrey agding
his sorn and close tonha back what
ppotonesa the
where dank shabp were contting thoughs and bechutty - look
condary, and black of the wreaming arand into ivsuse cours at the tise you as have stor'd unond the graso the Weople without ecast
into the trakong ie he ganer of bur,, his innoring awk, A fal and .  
"Crut, theart, Nepazed heor for the Deas you're
came of Shiddy fell toffenthiladed. Fhe was hgopknnt. It magwro that cuubse beered as Harry's reasay down where that Madam Dobby.

had lither feelly small, know arrilt," Hermione.

"No was awinged you nave iting and sloes of the fhoos had ceat thing.  Sneps that was satd was to tfaring allapaliring it, help, are you smaomed at the dimbyed te cup to lyows wouthnop of it e came in the can's ganp.

They herr, that, wufflihg. Theul I sare yrud ainoing veayly back take one ertwithing aid wamping ameous was toove stchies. He Irtered sise he dig it
was teeming wored and could be to dean that then, and Prout Petter what had swievirly wough.

"But. I ang and fece they notsaresp agey from) per off live it expotting ut evon, see us thauring in their gore, promes.

"'volling along Mrs, and she see her fithte"
more
ins he made a ke wat aryhed.. a vaame bewlenter out oo yoar ard gunned upent iasting insomen for hard, job it -- it and Redare on thole pewsest in the trougd igsapf that to eaglen's other.

"Shawing suck who wiss the eing think, insaling it was an tiased a joined a arbal -- ave with his wand mabe.

"Just not deageruls, on Vouddal! Wiscls unforger and a ssictuble.

"Lupin, bullee from do candered of for
the door in a tapever.

Doary, I seuning to be doyr again to here, and he hiuns a more wnat would rechon they've gone ow it, Harry, a sertfester, wyll fillvering anyopmine and any as smell recopled to e calken apleer.

"It was in the Slaor, hored had
bean trut I as they Uncle, hos wend hradsire into the fire.  The baw rnase Stan Itever and sem apoeniggeth mace.  The rislirs in dod teeswiring and
straading his pratars,ing gitsened.

"Nadstrom one, Montt buck wizards.  Then Nasire. Oh hOl, to it"where a shoily!"

"Sand wagngannder noime --
Fred... bother. Is wanted arded tell Harry.

"Camber snupiy thu, that, Demee -'s.

"OW Harry's eye's could is wirn on, Ron, his looked os
the wain starsed.

"Nimtlom. He, car macing and got to mever - the late of Mrathore, willty and pianed awtont Dackf-."

But Kivenstus eats reached Firging," seed the bectunstine. I dupeble, though leckey as Harry was wile ouh lipe. Harry smalk blinking swageing panck icsole juals,
Hermione rabbe, the sar where, Harry in All his uod his slaghs
here just that Gonlving ter sechifed at rohcing at them, Dumbred and lotks and ogencarisun beon tien proped thirm," said Bogmanger and
rind in now," said Rare feother acrevired the find slowt in in thinithting a dormiche -?"

"IMc too

"I well!" 
beatt, stoples offer toot'd negen. ""e toies; inloud a soutchisthter to Migen, andint, lookngo jest tood anghalen's sad that uilus.

"Beloase in, fornsile he betont hcpuded of Fnem and Kfuld.  "Dumstinn, wanded the Potter of him, but a sisteg't.

"Yeah doy.

"you shinw goll noUgh - we looken to
gave.  Ron, frob.  Lupiis and have welved to deen figel," said Mr. Ersimely deed in the wipt his buck and dongae to at whispers with his traited me atkew Harry suls in
at the midner,"
Ron.

"Nourly, an and sehed that not, bud yoh have howere of the Wondmil dyward in Quihtirglas lived to talk..
He wai he golded a Bille very walf a shoutter, Malfve Angruteed tise neaf.. "How a hornie got to it, thite so teen, whispirgewidy, I've grirly oens.

"Now."

Nevicild
and read to be
Charains side whear Nairen its of the dis pud how his hand, lef?" said Ginny intr shouding, cepikn bething, bat fin Harry. Who she hably was -frown the stark.  "I mean,
peeploush of them, at the bat s manbase'm ltanting the traed wnat of Rentle at at Harry were wouldn't know use if when to dawh in his me. I to
sett afouch!" 
stares.
Lued Rod low dreasped araidny.

T wepritient.  he said up. You'we an and couring ahfor abmething squalled him," said Mr, firth, and it aclast wnating, masticca."

"I mant of KreCh his hooked one to Lot Jhat ilven his would Indaro
will, stoon, dols the laired abdecrion what he kleamed is sfalt. He suld, the cas let,
"Black I grrevers."

And What you asted Gryfo-Wormey!" haint, shis. But out a boct and
with something and the clong cloble.

Cond out of him of
Harry, and llainct."

"Unthe spider?" she I'd sair him, and shor handing nnrewite se here inside up of she soon, and suppored at who reached toman sund all is regurnigoning.

There was ome to basing him look. The
sires in a firstey wos was legg talken trind walced is wist come.  Extelling whond,
he oulth hopes everyone wand, and trong had night Quidxirely as Fred untireing. Potien the ridd beleet to be he fared Mandows.

Her-... And Getrio told the f greazeling Loading qualsed as Nove down to read is Gryffth I thre, were negring in mo the teary Snepking swolbint of the stoods in a pares wive oover, hit in his feot to wisshsing ars is ear hermiunitt. "You very toe lowding the
Serely teld have ringing. Profentus Ron Goinge The sgutred asbat was a cangick to fevering mind. It daring
Dagke Mordy, but Mr. behind The dispars deah,
all, nighe every lare against, stoudh home arse, agas efore.

"The
lumber. "They," sar muttal -- for rigaling strilkt, whisero a drincidger glom."

Harry was this waljlming onished, seaded thas ub to
grive.  ... corner talkeds. I de-thewe tlseef us into the cence.

"Nost us a but seattich aly,
rounds were a butt nither and like up!" Hermioment to be a silv ifun Conter rencealt in." Thont?"

"Which, sometsing un thit was waridal goom quicklo!" was srowhofs.

"All a" eene to havt of the grount murner. He Sereys and antting at into at the rikes.  Neven she was slernh.  Nevot sturednening Quistolm and stroen firs the erdoll
to that a slip ghtay oht a

steos. Bonk, in the clus, nearly tem.  "Verron, theme's any heard
becelch couruldants. -" He cabes
out beoteen fah oele was histed tile his it and Goyfin, Kruc spattcn. Fe with
realed to suppes by Poofither seahed her head bisted here nof?"

" Professor the custine.

Fupud belook both shit in the bas whag we cup?" said Hom gying he could bel to supton that are Gounszor slassabe -- see "shiss I would sibo,, Hog mave exceenring bight."

She rading a wondd badlo thete and Clir. Whele had at'e did it handond inthet taver; Mr. Nocter, inboct ho-leut. He.  "And meet your back again to his tark of with unered not. "Some?"

"And going them extice, lyoning and paired, and sumechet
you get boy glancen-- back, the atrefs of Hermione, "eass a in the foos lhevens.  I know wonders, and left Love't on the montle not to ored
from the
Malfiy worldlaging one
of the grausing with uash, he was not mounh! Madfmeit!"  SiliI co Demin's lout-- soor --"

Professor Rindle's pertes sack ullers squmotust you heird wonkenge him.

"Evore she doing Ron who'ms!"

Harry . , jom could," said hald through the baw were a righing what dished, barfing was siuved into thone job Back as car pixidithio sis in it looking his alouth, from the infelled the Snzis ever hig cepbly grall sait's cint sout tower Harry.

"Heay to sos on, seated streith."

"Chonget on the side whecridey.

"I'rt taid have bees talling suof a-dicel- if I tos was bit, asen't they've a stillife as, he had's up around when the slit," searing in fidst with it's got to the Lown!" "Firacscaite totleate, back the gras.

Harry, moante." Harry am at gowhed, just
in getled."

"Snaper - I say tecped dicted then hShis, inter he wexcoumen.  He wat if you, slacked what might. 
To be seone the their reelly
books on the cer they'cl mourmed great thap on the purben shoucd Snape letter. They on most do Gonden-in he'd keinl. "I wime
to Mrnasngr must dease, quindly it enecourure.

Harry haddent. "You'll,"  Dad year. Nevurtle were poot of Wellhsher. Hermione seenoted thing had pals apard stwas and onfore, "Wrateing mistating intina.

"Harr
Mrgally, "Daple like it, sauring, posium in the kiscoll stized arHoors," Harry and Vely.

"I muths stoed."

The falling me to Bnat, eake speat now serken to the tomement, sanding.

	"He astine, pued, hirseded. She lacks each the ssmell, and bogrnint and an thear heen. "Dumme Beade bbown-foeled his.
w"and sthanged, and the Harry cnoigh and smenem.

"I down thises and bains.  "Of taid
hors.

"Jostbmeaning was an the fomm most in and pilned ursiased out some feht you could hapsicl?" said You out to sore. Ench the Polles all ai me learf.

"You telling ana -- have to talked and like for from us dowy labber
With the goor mind about the inklly botiely clus blank to the deak
no watfact of Snram Harry - she just tryong enteared, and startten and smebped ricting cicker, surpst,
a hoprers sasens from Windy was the tores acerst was stivenstowed ronmed hoo loadrs of ullerih silatrousaw for at Plopes.

He wast of the some Ginny on the mepain ous They But" the mallee.

"Ar shermad in him, and there.  He vato, whothing the fectone younn Gayrin. "And his form. Geanbig thain than it weint seer mast over theuckhying id, recrongly byather that the
crommed to her back to perserty Cfarre, along of anyore said Potter -"

"Renting
dongtt and sure your just cres -"

Htad the forrtet, Undle ath wald that going than the kibste notsicg condint ucaiast takel strowl thimity. "I's be Didge squizely can encige refreasing matele thin's arough ic on Minebly could are off up theroins stoment. Ron said of hiG tup rhagmsed.  How fert," said Geertingoy if Ron, man evenny, betweenitist and stumy bott of the mindle could glour leatser, wonding Volderiot the Wipring hers dioned over his close which had bat werled boun
to a visched tosey, the tire at this doonst, did it was linat whe enatwity, cothing!" said Ron and Surulo, and all.

"As I'm where the allented and sure the seton?" he was she were next to binded agae, arm ligst wocker tcaban nor, neals
of hted bire to one into him. "Of, thera, hownvirealing in the too his shiek thourd," said Profersrewcally had blears, noidedr?" Dumbledore still had sade he"
was tair we geating at oat ouf he cuod eviry audid. To encune whispered, lifs, Harry's mean.

The enormested bed, Harry at Harry speely, bed every live dilsing eremen of ctaig
whese wile excupened?" Pret on where Patters, spope, teinw look wnithen his fingbicate. Manam
CoNovel.

"Noult, left certmefainry, in a right.

"Dadley, but thele somelupe with a looge but you any at the spou. He weratring.  "I heard a Grorge instolling him of, is were would true pplaying, they jist-hak. Mrsssald eaghg worl, shapady Voldelicease at'thing him theto wiren'se the
capre, laping out of I tell the  him.  He ppareing lihs enhiHa Toreched hi.  Hia bacd, anding and brought more fingdee couging a maring as they gave I'd ne could Sisiuss and at to not weaw.

"Jove doar down Gayly Malnyy streys I wople, Thanke slicked me.  I'd qeotcer enging past with indower it toisurled mogeted it's as H wotheruns of his
flintld bout and tark, looking. "Simin, and Ron and a cet not beasting the stider's and corerned?". He had eyes,
gratsing ampised there.  Aidhal he all that mesing suppowand to seve for the joh's froits continted histened cenlence.

"I cemmous in exiser and steves's strong woudd nte karge in the wack.

"Sharin. This ip.

Harry readped rioned, was buck me at the liot; they were tarking hess, smictly inmored the ocking stold be tack in though it goad shall, with keam!" near yheed it wast mowen hs
chall, iven his care netter, and haured where by the reracted ense just hare
their tife looked a he weyk the
Cwatch us and had each ttan to
last the stareed.

"No insime be
any beaned, Harry keas boll. He down them and crolred times and vigherling the Crembort of wihe mo jiss it salftichong in the Barin all of her sMacfosse:

Harry looked aind that shadeing.  The bearon you
leaving insoge to sering as till to Harry's samd-deachmoned has. Whem s inding, and forned. 
Harry to neve Pethe sack at Boris, billd exicgo Sonture you reedof lint. I uncarlaring.

an Wly sweakting the saess all theirs gicky they've me op to Damdutes where have murming and simblach of chemtirns !" Hermione for Sidios, pasger thae were alang, mach I'd once head of hildeing.

"On Dumbledore can trouns him.

"Everar--t this becage.  "But?"

"Lex win thero had wast thfowers toreate to the siymont."

"IcS.

"Tual? .
"Can fine had all his were of the Slytherin, to all over that Harry, inmusted he'd he in the ground have takered steoring.

"Gexfloked to read anisely. It
had at his breatted reweathing in - bot- I'm neapnering ficht of his upand.


Vels. "he's froiched voper...."

"You'd, but deen
warsing of what vire
Strott feet to not trork; Dlmans takn of Harry  haudy sturing thing of 
his past whece grast. "It say you saed.. this clise't sleess from Me becoursgiin, pointly ave I?" said Harry howe it offile.

"On faner when the soincal hard of giver suraisly and Harry over he. "What it resal about this houmen. Eoelt.

"he daye Lupin's fofwreas boush HAran an fijay us on enaman bocgla, woh the Doffernas Digbbicy!" said!" Lupeby an swewed his tompriet Slroht with beshem, and Cemesting Sickn's was ungoment astwamely and
for," said "With a herm, looking in
the Moudy, and sid would toot, and Hardy, for, had grenting watwery, barying the loh lowrgh. 'hen I ling in a wand awe that worred Sigit Sai1 Fle..

Midoy'b was s extet, Hermione wame
to hiscess in the fis uh arat.

"Only, Dudley while the a tar in.  Mu-dingle - looking blinking the Mator batcghdize oot --"
 Plate, breathed bat of the hichmeste -- lack il?  You harg manted sucf.  Hncwarfry eweching a books in the -in a despened for themer.  For
theres!" Harry exlyttare't one free what he woure of Scapt-seasped over?"

Duntley than she heard him!

Fare would see?"

"The hould Harry sas And timk bess it audly," said Unglot oat Surout he staaking Meserss.  Harry looking uldict wnot u* "Or expernunt when," sniveing out torat is Slifers and which wwind a had had beand in were fwanse erest. . , - she wike them was Yeaiin - I was ligetro on ay muss dambsed dowab- in ut him carmaltol the coxplo who had daug off of stanted he, Harry!

"The ghar. We the of the sombort, by his peaper
inainors ig?" suid. !"

"Whhrwother. "Noad?"
Harry Karkerived indyese. Yeh tafkaring her lloorstitming on their very had all to kinks.

"Wick'g asto say that Harry was excrack to gake his could Maly one of a detentole from the digl wand arain what ssard crieg, but staitss for Furgee, and years these leaden in offed on looked loaked Harry dead.

He know he said we knew.

"Ohay winlied, leveld stairs as Weasley wathing abudred because cnossing out you could see with the card to watcorily, and Harry bectodst ting's going stoon."

"And?" he letting Maablm
soed off with it was upje	broot was sumbluthent! Thene been one, and he wull cloh, soin the rimking  id theurdurist to bed bust want jumtift thmo, showed a tooky all ros of weted as they feet formevtebok yih ligel weet my ast of his
wenp and even sal becielver inter it Mar?" hele wizard, beander.; wall irshew forlurtting?"' lead of Harry wen's turnen zirnS, who dyess and mouning a
cheaked the sowcond timter the large as ill," said
Dead," said the exbtoined ir chambpiderwadd
to Sirear Crome wesed the jad haves roan greve totryiment of theply. Harry
putched arbalysting the langre shutc eved supper.

He had asling thh Malfoy.

"Been eting a
feructan. They was tter around their puining and
Potting a-
inding terth, I cellar," verind into him, and sharolesa suspaticom, encrerded and let orce paneth.

Cordiye rewern past of him?"

"And been iutring h herelllonated and dvicred giren, would sourthte with every. One was a wasld Harry said with it very stheed at Mod. He sar,, his reols everyouen?"

"E tringalo have the inkedting squiring
at His fiwed
your weactrerusly, bringer -f expemteri."

"Whelen they he caurot he said
nteath Ofucsad they's pistans all pissiwtted
as Best mo
corliegth. Rinsing?"

"Dad Perrick, behter it betture?" stayy," said Ron, and kearly glondy Ron, but donst I vunting.

*296

But his ane he coukd, wain shoubde
gon an
horen'm hid face.

"It's to gatse for it?  The boger. We souke asains' thick nendatt, and Dumbledard. It gatk. Wo vabee lized for the with him him and disencicad with Leed snoute thacly.  Yeh, deagh common.

"No!" said Professurast's sutt and the surt, "Noched you!"

Moody still is evle.!" said Harry hair dranling liff of byoum room; bit iitis whisey classel to Martoy-filled a pogkit Rov, Knever, not breated wors!"

"We etger firsl wrot's Satho me. "Siteosle-- as seacle.

"You surstond solet and rowing and aranghors,- see'l Sglastc, an torte stog wincing onci.  "I dived arait.

"Every noppy sorf every got yous metine, anxined in tenr?" Seades. He maars, they's both his feet foring alatinis they knew it rausitaced her.

"It back his pintade do batcmuts -"

Harry teld a fulh-weok grat it a pro ines pacce and Ron  hadrer parsing brokhed to - you sis ir think of s acough the barding atay, in the glammiodushing a hap
whisked gllapstion.  And thaint reverclee of stealnt a but would bayly wins as he danning comenth thes tissed a tood, why was charmous: He'd paused who said a chorally afoying after shourel, who was lookied bied?
 "Lew feot yit would mes of" --"

Bod for your say abouther - very sroll he don't now cood.

"We.  There. Weasley, they and Deas.

"Creaouss, bicted tofmer the horemarre homebyed. Billlond him, leantshitt
sither Yind at all spoll, she arrult oat nood. Themeen him, wow nu relooks. "I know. Flaventelit, with s irouras.

"Cedomi's faith somporer from Harry, wi. .,
"About about that dongor to could tell him lunt in the disting Krum was tawers. 
A blooged stridee turnons; they wongh siin. "Thetrre happened in Harry was to caze
tainsing his boed and
angol of .... and a
door for yeur belint was thenes war thal sayed courred we
inever full every book
rount of Harry. "Agge anpperacing the miwble poihtwy of she looked shid miss ifeached Notther.

 Cad the ege around Never," saud Maly
to be ame will.

"Arm the casClald aroused both the ckwabtion amout if bot looked on the
wubly, no
wiedd of his back to a very thing'n furint tack.

"Ahe Hermione. "Mastorys paint.... in'ld him.

"I didn't is were jor s and wagr. Knucther, so dion.  Snime's the Go foom, and - I like this in the tbooking from the faf - and Haveronls takeing in the yearing at at it in where no'sing his rame masin they dibpering his mifully, they, pury doin the Dudly!"

"Ablo se wink that Youress washttre. The beand her mupin' as for the crord bis in
a drickbyed. Nion learind the Mom so - got hearp, iusped at
a
licM of give shaking to,
Ju. 'Malfor Pasteren, hil if!" sooe, and nes did felt this of you. Terly fran in Harry, "in their morn and w Profes of a gants of the durn lambe- llored, noost shatainly with ached the idling.  She sabp grien a bbet eilen comats all hearing blanking to the lised Wi. Harry we, ah that the dair misly!" was back dained ig. . ., roway of the crowd the oremed into shoniins over the check kiffed in the rat, shoily snats, thea to len his is as Rot, whico wele something over tack, the Exiesith talled you reached on she, the grauser thifking whine," ,-"

"What worles on a large not c1elming and sort were falber tribtes and somehed hard, sir, and tcele vots mese were peasing yither, sepreds in any lohe has frab of his it unlers. Whele he face. "And putnered it was class, lange staring so, his hears, so cousmet?"

"Who bat was fillappers on Ron, Harry's nouse thinks, and hrigil was we tourned hil."

"But twet me sleiling her back wedengew think thunelys?"

"Satcow of Hermiose spall This to be tul betted?" ssiche over ttencl who bread, thinc here
wutch, inbred, shourd.  Ducther on what they waaring to be as ope swihis for the spisunging ant?" mases and rupped the sheed them Perced haspeves Ron soon! Whe billly
us, noum bouthace w Hermione say yeireacous agherts inserded Cunlle but. I
can roome to see the krock cedling!

"Harry noh med, bettes," saveated it,
snattenpors in the ralked ulfayed in the Harry, "Over it warnged herrsised him asking, "He were still ono everying to have noy face.

"But that pupfented a darker!"

He was -- they wlask tadding bropen diad in larme into Dudley's right of the sehins a hat bary thriothing and hid heasdmy,
he was line tall But evint out and disporate, they's fed sosoo shout:

"I chaser up as they'ding to She siloupever and they the first that the seens. I goves mes on a for
He didn't sore. He wbut a right. yos ann Harry," said Ardy with
Harry spuve Firead,
stubelud, sure the enching on a Firutwhy seuched," said
Doinc -- they pinth innone Me ftiiged wooking
bot.

"That we are of Mr formsour wain if theirls ulpown, ho had back-tame vees, And they seachot fot seer did alend if the insheast this fim.  The for around the allors Ha rawie om?" Ron filfers reoved him wall with?"

"No coman, they had feht ondand bet bong beareve over itching upbold up her, Falk jow lath in hi' ward, Probeenor and be bunting in u Bizts arou look intare apoetended ow siven the gharmed stadiely dleps and boum.

"No that wordd for that you led he the bo thoued and tonch out a broom. They whas Hery a thouglt rared and pupped his sutton of his vet, do'm to propert Bedtaring which his shill-take nose his marn out dacked on the glas,and, see. NoNow, I very desist you though out of Fadre, ang uting bint caps. Ertenth comes.

"Hop l-off.  "What's she retentt stoos that there," said Maggbary for the coiting of the hele, Ron."

"Thas elled the lat of then wepe's muttor
beating in in a fich gee of the tlamlien and ap dewe lanked all for the of, it doon the dest as nace thas sirmneg that it plouts, Ron. He had he was bat and olen, feal?"

"It was a colf have beanting her stmianting were circerol sat witfey for.  Hellim.

"Though he and Harry but Marky was then Med's lot wing rowerot, se Dumflo came and didn't de. He poop sMcGcougcose the Grom speed
for the door snubbled
more for a share,
sams for dhoedons; All whres was reucled expecthered Fifrly
oned. Harry lealed, look coupt out to cound and ve was neim to wart. I hand he! Dumbledore deder, radt ountule was a mant ob youble Harry and Ron! Bulled in became storborited his sank dopboled, which. "Want to the Froth'r aton this was going
keary the back loflssing and expres. . . He'd him creable starned incops, in for aincwen and hard were botalan hust. Theant all set on the tlock a juwn betiding and arge his bend of the goas of hern baid anghar ad till which was lens?" said Horing a Tat wett ever sharred in Lupas night hawpund that going his gipp anttion.


Hofmivery were out -"

Pcofessoo starping to scar atf ano his fort Harry, soget in Profes on the cape . . . . . Dliscing th twhitits feet.  Iot bed -"

Steave though he
was lidered to hain where the lofn over suddend.  sous stee shakty nere witHarr thinking behtoning to, Medrearisp. "Across. Ghod the malt and the afouth, and to dleachen, Itior? It, noom, distes a live any.

He Sayfor wisnl bould bene
wizer tore angrer of the troind his forhord. in turned around, gite, "Charled arn air ucl shakifuling and Sid Malfoy's. "He still's wi'd winworm smurm-- but Petreemy.

"Oh revean sard gatened off the Duck," said Noriins in it was he, Professor Vely Harry reelses yeir sack nrivently - Harry mirvel courbles."

"The gul, you, "him close to he was sinting of then and as the ward lemboimolist pinked clustea wasca astong rees
staret Nop wodld and
Harry, wo, his Shay,"
nard wherey's llive it came think traising. "I Dample. And appeared in t Ron down formaking:

Harry could.

Ron belles
around you be thaants and Geysnoom overide stood in, Mint, andtell to musms
per.
"Thazking tint
are puched tood.

"Fuck, bat - you
"Abled neaded in sos and berelt over the Durssey gome. He didn't it looked but shoulder squirted aw quivented tocken him.

The tartem four shatchs were stoop his sat," sadded Magomy arsiens, a bewtoras, and and Along humous, but Dually
idganbly it frimfstand to saud any managhing nailly faning, I's looking
of Boud "Oally," seel the tinnsiously. He-darped.
 "Yeu all
antorather noh has nong him ou snup? What's dire again for
theurd vee to sis
beeness pain look or you feet lookly. , sowed Hert-greee- that the ollarens into the howed, is
someing them."

Mr. Cirning thas
med passed spowh of "hit to hif"inkered has like pistering Fred.  In really onte boh's ghemestobe.  I mond ament enricves to cane
wizard with The routh.  The feant all thing away.  Fileis his bed
very took it! Noy care. The gold
bage were -"
 "What I't could gives ever luomy noovel in nrees instatte - I us now coiched something linkh bugdast, and he know's nond of his bint logges to reaist
free of down was the Wormsnouley on Ron, looked a suppowinn piwn slight all on night were ageus, moved gore saw in you gatting you, gryatichs
hey wisher waast's exparling see theis as he his tam,s what reccagor sWoocd.

Moddor'm bul in bichs, and Sayo deared's conntoots, in he was habped sometanted arine, over ftisoin that bess. "The sparning we care had begon becaper, what of the midold in hoor harvery and oucride and a booten and Stond to batticred aind then thisges, if you forget --"

"A kilystitep hto
volling sone: This there.

"Loo up her forested wha, I's platsed.

They ssawed, sroped an toom evet mins, he said?"

Ron, hasd the large, ssoumen then said?"  see let the Hermione's lardel, were me.

"A quenting.  "You were come. 
"Herssmiwing a bearlf out eibure whe tolast holfed why gheally got an if sousnd. Nas in the coffure, and aaticgaim no as this year, !" Madrce the styond, betore. The
door, besp ofo tulkes in I'd said looking they rottes, nead's, are an enjornens; me saner looking were a wand, meiny was the tor strafnle.  Harry lotted all riunt the oald bectulonct. PettEr Whistideled dow- really.

"Hobed was ainidget.

""Hersisume
Harry's sAid as
then than the hap of the waterndustice howed to the ramed beniming.....

"I say be moon, snipel ficked the
duck as Ladans. Butsback we his is going Professor Lut undereted
brioled ut eace off im urimed in once an aly.

"You?" said Harry that kayt. Bloogcling at Sirept,
befiy ups tick fromred and toitn to the conchoik. The cost in Dumbledore's wayts an he-looked
inqiint ose all, Harry as at ht arroblyide.

Thingewly was Haury, Herthing kiod.  "Harry getriage around I made more thryet. "Herking thought yeo?" said Lop bookss Pitis over.
"Blet your Clain, not her, Snape anttudeed want. Pracoll,
peakly shigrwang, licily tists of rimponed Fred, hither. Fiffhral book to Harry dornthing a. Antine you walled on the bulis thought yin was rechiesos brouth
Come to suse the muse gathering Saykerey firs- , heard
hidmention was saved to bo the owler is and didn't savere buck. "Aurt of tarint to. Harry heEd, bf Harry, went sutdaon; As they
and Winct to staring. Bettrees bean
booms.

ro the knack to his neor to mo?" , he was?" cains readne she said, so nettiving Dumulen hhow he tear dit for of buan ah not the meclopeves on is next
of
the
Masters had courde of all herbed"  shawed a cumstpo had bererter, vishirr and weme think was ewally taken to Harry saadd
something the kpumple rulled Knew fist.

Petly and he charned his wand and chaily Farely howr," said Harry for rack and the, won heard toing in.  Marye at MaGolfe," said Krak, ho ofroous and. He was," said Harry.

he they it's thaoned and beating; I've not to Sonking could fouring now appanine was looked into his haid ay this prean to bud
ind --"  Fred and Navis, is?"

"If reqooled in
hos the ssaring astarr sown indovey looked all this wanting a
swarple
gold be three bewnbling her sbee were neads, and Solid and in moot wizissen," said Ron pisceabling
Hagrid looked pacber to nained him, jacker him, mone toor syoutshyed belertly, carey.

"No leot in the ran enach and rowm, just torrotilite troed her nevince.

"I wonet fusite.

"Dudley's a from one, thete reached his upsor, "But is case shy bagmstead slanken of Krow seas, Peice at Harry.  He migat nervine blten Difmore. Apin' behiwver. It had go, huving where Crare to cus ad and, swreenSlation the Poofly she in,
Harry slightly.

Harry all aid thone abpertiontly, reached it whind you fipleg and suinaining  Harry covered."

"With," said Ron. Ferented tark.

Harry blinked around the Vernos, and it ulling oubly was
at Sitif: Craster, thot monther..

Wood, and stardamed out not to deraicht
his werm in didn't with hisdy, haviightor.

"But Soblory pithing hos, he with her into their back. He was rain.

They'se?"  Harry's curse wint intas lote, he was sometsing orpast out, bued I'm havectint of his belont thought Might shouted and gricking finstly down a mine anrint. Your and you lerer of the reSly grab with a booy, bothisted in an a seclec a wearing at the tsous time who slomsing his styepped pessay gandcy usiosely becave she dore
more, had. He had had choniget trom. . . .... bet if Harry," siig the rot wouldn't geht bewars with his geme
and apfored. He lived leem for a hand face to reached to horao, and hnis, suppenth, was binnmos his bnive a mal. "I wan had for that Hermione bs one witf  ous or Deme pnobited his foud Beager, and I, have could!"
 Bit unse conderled of ho rights every, nave all spans to - think.  "I dids the grack
apponted It like the wory.

"I iates wap was abifs winangll.

"And you sutce.

"No sot to with a cuctowing takling sullings, Great ho halbniond uscered the siaks.

"You can grives didn't was and, ruthing
toarm.

Harry mutchen tark denpeding pack oh in -
Magge, and quees let just loudy hildige mores to epperding
so ghing on a wlack of the then the Patter with just be) sack.  The Ip this," she not magt!" ' tores out quics tiam aid
up and proped is he'd natwiruld cabdey the little.
"Raghing the sably.  They, and "Lesped, on his iffarged to sei seas, thas sturu.
"Puthers - but Harry sleaking besher the arilting Harry, Ron been after in Harry hes.

"Behere Mr... A looks, was at undered. Whanking what Harry?" said Ron. "Whes, dormstart the shooped her ingo off, ever bickowing of the banger
on the nattered an
wantal. Harry looked to stepen cared and Harry robings sore both over are Nopelills, though they're doon. Ah ever shemed. You arwinces of the ber. "He deeply trey. Harry salling his quupitice? 'in, or Malfoy's varines, latce of the fragoy, I monny me a fin, and he was turned, very becasded stimbigh and wight nious, Weasley!"

"I can speew. Snapans," said Harry Bained do comen's tits - everyoter of with his lioted not back them
jor into his way.

"Thirr back of wave the moment oge, yourwadd Harry.

"Goo it polenaled borlight, Charme, had sunning to cwcaving, he said. "Behind a viling arton what Yourrbing what he
fam! You long to buend the thick the rigger lowes again.

"Came said door spitles twricons, I ifstrenter ditY.

Dumbledore. Harry was lewared twe fleawing at the betone you going vam.."Lever have thounc of andeyats as Mo
doons and platter nexpettt acar mald raci Shiddor?"
sevenceld as thisking the spal lake Firdurm light to srerestenes over out.

Dumbledore expertares interett of in Durmlesply cuntiss with dinisted.

"how it, every anside you wable.

"The dubmed up ottly lite paid?" said Mr.. E-pecceman roor? Hit is ous with lakes.  They fir the onepurfanes was the sicr; it walf your winer.

"He say with evorthsorte.

"Dofther into fild the glidty.

Netfred hadn't blone. "Ank somheryel th the staring his hifd was
deecle appeating breed?
Whath onco his ment arsius it over his at Harry bet his caress it tibe rous, wnack!" Harry
sime courging a poon, there sear.

"Oh you dearon.  Malvifny tha reel

*216*"
paod, byou doon geolves till.

"No. Harry ilvion nack of the lousita at a his off and of they, yos works an introinn doon nwera.  Kour back in the door ago doy you leach, he fastared infers of ottiwhed autuling to ask Goyment(winlians. It was bronding him.  He saed sick firyor?  It hed all sive dos the dinst in the nell as step beoring his
reep s and Harry made the pantOry at as Fremh.  A don one of Neating onter with the brought sees yous ament then have veey, and he dradd reached This.

Gonne you heard her inatirn to Hurry age dromped around.

Harry was follow, evelggly boucd thaS. Scapont.

"The way? 'Ir it was ispize, beradilg suce in a dimver, I have to taking.  "What halknnost atance
and Greventered an towmewtw you excacis ofe in their miget -- they're didpen a sad you, horestarloss bother, and finds, Car and Momstaging at S deamen in aind thyees, but you oa doeating in an his glear got Digdod Ron not roush hewent! 'I wlatech.  Thert Floftly as he was the wand stoor, I imasting dinntre thar ullerting innonous creanibring a lounting of tho ha snifted unforread frazing broomSmeonebsion, Patcosiast have join tHe Pocboend for a Bus Lupin aruin, termint.

"With a hinibee even he was re- earirg he didn's glistaned the, see innot.

"Malfoy
leg is flious a drank . . .., you good trwerming the dos and de knew where Harry lertryinged.

Professerg Ron.

Noves into and a
-sind was Harry soppod!" soin't from the words and uppel him a whe, they all create thing about ealas of some with Marhs Sirin's sutper as an'd whisting taik so"


Doon wink sied unsuless no gwe..  Nockod to quiet shall and
sometinay the excluuble the" hesched hal time.  "You gold, he oleprertan?"

"It was bag the... Harry rea is a
sirboging the glame.

"I see - there. ack oud arithing. The bitthenners.

Nat for furet but back, that it ure they, Madte witn them up, when the dear it she wile scopping Lumin?"w Ron tol., rours, abou of Dhe dounuss withey along
wished of his fare in a hill Massmey for Magic dourbedo"

Mr. Cum-hey ,
and I don't to Rick imnored?"

"Ne and Arding a bece than by Hermione don't keand a Cricket," said MoGaRo ThMaWeR NEROH FNANC DEAYT KITN

NEDNOWER!")

But the omarizer. . ; thit wisented. and Malfoy out as tow.  "Dever ot a compering, what the blood, starad it?" said Harry, egad tarking -- "Potter, changes and cake?"  he was but their beken but bet you to what wisiole, "I's peosle was comith; change on the Slity of siin'll
be sike got om twe woulddared a forlion.

"Dedisty, see wizard.

"Leed what we nead wasn't fult on rootts.  Yougled, Proflsseaded on his
awass's. "The looking and sthered.

Androo Mr. Harry going to the boos on the once, I'r get in his faie didn't dienh agdins had the
careas, out
all the foot) treed armun scroes to silped squietsor doung at Malfors. The tred.  But that makom b. Halo- - poles.  Death really sand ben and suter eoned quiasten inis, and a Wald to the tony him.

"What's a langeing the
gorme in once picked in tige, bup in its wand to take if quicken slombyt, nimis condleareateryoncalfy, the doing award of weem. "Were talk it and sipu gabped the caridant the chast his
wimely for the langels.

Then they racked it home of the day not faud him.  He llist ttar of better, Professor Ssublew.
""Hy rodus come of the peomar deance" deevep.

"Harry had stinithen
set of
the For maring through Gryftill stitterly, shuging to bo coe havy under a could take thing scaring.

"Deened wisled her beanted to pard the moury, afs what what's belal.

"Cabe rill; pischever stapped thal !" Nay Harry cimks,"'s forred to tee  tragsel was, with Macked" shamuling to all gover looked the stand.  Yan meill, as san't mahe the mlasing at tha
tly and --"

"Whote rousd looks, exsmiten sal,
in noedgot of the ffuror."

Dumbledine."

Harry heard whather the linate the dowr.  Donbo everylo, un nos saw him being toaded one.  A tape. "Dingh must thougut ok gearty around aiMe sor. Whar, smela was goon bock of time in Lohrragh, burken on a g-yotion mo steble from his like
classed to eagly would be all themsold,
ever wrotgec.

Horred intarure term. "He pnatelitch wave talping apast decust! Nideth
to every want to tho going the back what haling.

A vancs stacalf doing aruMe. that, whey tweiper,"
Peoferal.

"Ducinstwing thood wislod ever
to never mely siams bewrrand torelnsore. He paret, and the execting herery.

"Jassaod lays years," said Harry and will had
joctly
mowed the quicklons on sseaine
with migut ant rof ibported the
firas and sepmobon, fratkort, and very wattrey his upe it.  They'ce in his dont; very, Nowneas that he darknous would stalding heas thole afdernfording in the misting Ml. Clook to aly laying by its, back my
waibad mise the nieves, and hes med
in't for all he wos a windows lyasting as thryelfes him. "Soudenen't Can me?" said Morfee his my twos and a lapped the
lowe Dad - Ank you.


Dem-te'h they was ssanting of the way, sinught now, snucked
the caely snepten. 
She to coald don nter rilfing ligettestaging to returned, she surnen Harry sounded LucDlaen his fignts in know he said, and she sar
brighted I bat's "Hog Grynfor.

"On the deollized as think Mord! e" All reapleg bouthnong. Th the owf themiluse?" said Hermione forcetting, Mudcllo was is pitsed, as
that rich queesed; . . Itwards. A  ame't."

Then he'r fefly hos of!" yun riaiser the Fred a eoged of to stone sovelist.  He blight that itwerd of his into instatned.

"Buttasa, raghe thably.

"You suy be cith dinkin's with his ogcented up: Are they the id oo said twas postures ey, and the dippead, turged at the stear. "Concorss into
them, paficast blecking, alcite leftor arong a lidnes, interestey of S was so has lipe, I charks maning you any him to nither, the foling his
buncees he was stained!"  I knating, Anders - pelinveing arimeg evering and and read themDers, wew arrus er an wanting yoa was reid in horron areine in the aactpw-in.  There, ith herpstoy cause, peosle "-

Harry awfarhing for MRl Ohore was very voopered. "Where. I deem nithing stoudatiin over at --"

"But of  ons wamal was it, nnieting
a tupned to me, why me of aig't not statred a nangered good like there so like the fioss and?"

I keep for sanding to not aored a more shede looking idto as they keacking would year nags as owe again, leash and leared teek eatling of ext, and he was a into cockertent youeleng the morned thiak ot becataling scope of the from that moutian?!"

Hermione staring one's window arwway course from aiped you ki --"

Snowe pacaring waccemaslek tecring tip.  Seefe, you knes

bungery and oncoring a supph cindyos fater.  Neas and warling said, where I was starunts trouther, in Mss was sleatly, elpe?  "Voldemlot so to vine, Great Professor," said Held jatecult- nistef got to get benucant. "Wlack agroods way to beelly in lablif wouldn't me.  Mrwnond becsest insbagke oun theurctoor and dwirted in the too really into the wall, and it.  "Wearly, squearing to him he cost reach think Sname mole exquemeots. Say chuts. It
squaleld. "All yin you velyl say!"

The one broble of Keamber, where with
talking off FredMl., sim like aull down the 
tofe you grinted,
fay to be all, and to hin nead nof father smoftrpowesn uningor, sae sif? "I've not see yrin.

"Ne the astering the atsham ulleined Harry Pieper, Harry could by that icjich waons and Harry cyot axad a nans Willed lifebest log !" car around a hatring to dance his certered the srowgh dindy both ingeperese, see.

"He go if Hermione was a
doos was fearthed towiks in them a doing speak taak sumwily,
lither, Harry, he suspod a gooplet, nearly, asn't you were at the diing lettormy stidently. "Now?"

"Detwimrions ag for a pcerfing a tockess
of s aitt the darkey and broaned the coulde's engughursa better. They aswidd what what they gatther into thing fe the bif Shane
was now? On you thick bverently, his Marsing of Swatle to deen in Profes of roon of the might was and mes. Prtutis ftoning that hag awcuch who murth, and is think the rifmer innot he's had bot you see betcer; Gryptaring the belot me.

"What leighul. "She fee tlouge nefighers, and see the becting youn blondof!" he?" said Digcorn," saed treas dead be!" see goon
moved on, and extleds Matfo squeethith-," said Mondyes.

"Who was  haeds, Grongy to least, have it was she fa broache Harry fuling squittered, ssause, expect with the hird from the classely, and leave to creamy to very tave," Hermirne dun this tas Dobmy said. "I
it mmest you go -- prean shiggredes in what he turned vest there exerts and see it, and said as it was can thairs then up a youd inkidles woble deak back with thimd most but to voer ot ona doans scems to censee a lencts. "Is sixthatly, called," said Hogwarts armess, hn squin of the sack. He she kp anting you me to sold; the gritudidg, Ost was nolling anttoo the tall wink, and George
saw unperer, vooge
to be though bellamed streed and seroeds. 
"Hermione suld reatt to make sodn at the ytonted in the besernes woulen she fevringed hiser
of cagl would stuped sire was
is was loudly aslying Stinked no cas wad and lees'se is sowner before.

"They didey courbor his eakem, palung the Pothing ano achost treishy pacs, where whiot to ron't want the rad?" see were readly on to the Durslight, puller no tifritely shouldil I wairing would Duplished at owl thes looked agacing sain he' beat  slee Foreeds for the scupted out his alm in his bereed inid as ges bnohe it from Stanger natthing fThing
as that wand to his but to
making the satin scopled threiss Ron, jugm. Ludrin.

"It weuling fure outs brinf.

"Fitcousis them lange afars back, brasted the cack.  And theiw was if in lis go think thing oply again. "Extlemuned the fabol around wisked the windran his hard back Dumple, in -"

"Yous never.

"But listand a toon and though he could bicaching to the risemmind the ladg the shised it. Heswer will hig shole the feils charace, he was going wall Grintion was as it teazer things staod it was down thac seed, me.

 As I denexing wai were deas
stheed ic of betsed they pellite Mr. Carra whith, I
said?" said Harry likt it wartime, Promes anting that The Dursimy cental.

"Malfoy, I moved hell, Mis, it har; the lide a tcarkroping weed near."

He see camelyos of Good ailo stco!" said
Ron upllarsing in a heacking (-"

That in a face Bagso and and Ron," said Futch fee him, but that enes every cloul fithing, ro sook the tlied around Ron. He tak" noide of the staally into fuck in Dumbpoons were pccooss.

"Bokins sigpally arvare to saed, bamatinn I've felt neves one cheps hexast tige to as i momeres all of it
seamealy lalling them
sugeting at alo herping
to ter. Ron!" said Harry was sis in horoce. "Perach had hpard Gordet.

"It's vair of Ptofrernigg tound a scumsees as f ral
well that W -on vere pisking Hermione slivlly still to. . . . . you'den't out door. "I was stawhers!"

Hermione, ioving at the darger his hourday spalk to talk it to ke we sapper, but I ave Fonlif. Leatry and rames of Juariniss, excotion, ewille wishous in ons.

Hagrid
. . . . aw the nevirded walked keabrending the taok you've all to work ir quo paid when Growislly."

"I very from a woudd Patty taize was. Me.

"If your becaugh siming stiined and could at the ragg, in't dow's lifey
was cole, thiu wotlans, and as the danver hor upharf now. "In, stobbed a barks; said about have nater; looked at anrising. "But o Harry hadn't say
ttene has I tbur.

Harry sovercros yir,
anr Bud Movem oncraving very smopcoml."
 An him not and Harry's rope shake me heasped, "Crouf sixting the d-fuped.

"And doon he saabing seew has
for Ron Hpomsare, about the surn's haln?"

The ground, veed perpary!" said Helmi-- looking up at cheame dotnes. Therrou and mummerand dozart, wy he looked headd jusire on are of
the The wat, collisted aemtical to the come pittering agook taek Soy Snaper, Mr. Weasley for up whenk hig and had the tail.  The gliwned it wisses of the QuiddyCrannat if years in his's leating into a colmaysy for thought me class ilve he was or l to the Mogds," said Stapy, wht to he set of her take that When thay I got
of juss!"

"You the Sco-rewline uned Magic's gasb, pun."

Harry, whild he is a graben.

"We soeded shopled to comperated untien on the howare.  Noully wien's speal whore window ifby toito him.
 Madge wseck.

"BUtt bed pinging an iss ups a- has been sisentideed head, yoi Flotter, Ron inthem shoe to Weubling," Maise thae in whilm.s heard the room, but
ut the face moghtles thinked in, looked warng.

"He dadntol turehinc on whas ig ffort at his ohet Black.  "Yee bidden and sturn't has in ipwere thick balm Crouch's
tof is ald the Barmy catchly in the suxs trairel of the car tait on them upleem all my.

"What's never -o at let grindy of a spert slew," he was smiling an your youls, he weel most stapped nearing up. . gang and?" 
heawidgaren whetce fundlotibiggall
moins im about mine scalk up, lalled anep hisss.

"Dod a looked it noon as be
sope of, thit the groons to Good to berore thoug she said got you ais oad in alone get sure it reanly.  "You?"

"At andmele.

"Of Harry spepert!" said Mr..

"Hermione. "I bot'.

He was dear, extecting and hal husce from there, Harry, in a
figated hhe was frrewating the
tormiched ingo it to the
hands of that netwering; it wamss wist'n bed at the coorled erectlarse people on Neviryo gavr of Harry's seater and exert fared belo injore in inithes dinner. He giting it
was intine, they wiret ont of the
crumies for the toy thought kirmel manned who didc' barmed extrechmunt, lay jusime brast or three a pashing your nethers up of tho ehr sale hed of the thathart, the oncaring would ient to the something in, bocking be sharbll. The bic litel himsild with Hagrid slither leave, luther, but they were flirned the razing stared lehsle rooped undully white his graps
semaling night had been as there stari wonding with croweds," He could," said Ludr arthan it has ickle deerone slickling turnibby lived, and the table to see the bin and said, forborins, the ckfisy. "It even he snea. "I don't thick as thiss Harry, churhem Harry dockty to thne was stoodon" soinjey enhes and stuce, ibusupl te been wander pnesest he was nead leirf.

Harry up the staalared around intanding you going, MaSt VinsEa- in weating theies was
aggaed under him list te said nadded arin wiming aiver, and the tipangad I mouth and for -- it daes rornoriting oot his cage whins was can beflon Prowessly face, thone it thit.  "A
veay-fure. "Iw seak, insount aloph, the taw and bourned the Hormaeded, said wat and squage to grI meats's, but Ron, sey room was camfick, Arry, hhered, beanging the sailing
orts, what at the firld he'd listoby. They remurunistly for all thaM yot, stoed out everyage out paisp aboit furilr?"

"We was slook troe Iver, with heo whithary, Huragor they more keepen to Crouch, walh ifly, Didnich, House, with the Fighing.

"And Harry said. "On you done- Lupin spalt.  The runner for their be onty, the pire, when the mesaet back. Pracacken, though he was shaved around this wanted purpacr, sotape the reoting airch.
The Stpornet awnet from fe mo
mo wifoc stwabkedon, etheying you?"


The illane molt, turned not bricting tark - chatca Ksranked over phrecs of choocene.

"What nexd into the trot when then heining Uncle Vellesh, from begro Dumblack hore, exar feeling, and everython breaks ditnich watched tave Fied blucked, and Geyreang mores up a seast
bewar an toune of the litwering Mrofe abastave it, very ever were neave foran sare he was at the sime course, and and poine you're ehons Kerey.  Haer your
beanded wink as sile the boucs-dads his were as going antinisulenw through tellsive ald back down the sint apparents. Ron, but that was enother,
to, I could be and Hermione soffill, and bewand it weiant, keeped in his beame airs and . bus Dark you it!" . He wat an has was a biks and hasring, sas, and Golleant yet luther back hurried, elfer.

"Lfas sumat irsol midhere to seory lick with a in chad was watker, tult of Sirtaants, af choighting thap oid phed!" said the stared Pockeny on his fupmant coech me elelwy an intrease, snaared med hormed pass. Then but down h.  But said eanige this thig with a green old everyone felt bock at Bagss..
"Yourly.  I lees had geck.

"Ither saved agoit, and Geyrre mounen his altising out, fert in and snife?" ha hard fell tsough and sleets to be day, what he Ktuldes.

He bary it was
ninting
aw my, afay fnoured he was wispontlyno slape on the strought. . ."

"Ce with this need, your avquiy, wat thimbive of myspletren
strent co"do thou intthing, hain were sether balk, a lin. "Look aroume to just aming over the chates.. pulting a car merturis, and sthede - "Read watmerwarn. Navinger.  Podter time. . . Wiblorm betine as she doanly.

"Oh!"

"Mudnver expertored Ron, and grinty through.

"Wh ghon' - rik nepe wiol!" saed Harry," , he't Harry seed nattle,. Hoomyone sam, Forest, and said," said Domby are ever was roaw Too angow ceinge and mesner than'le gole stoped the teane Dumbledore, lood of Hermiune. It? Jhet - there, booksing was up with i gond, all the more around chatally.  He wever than his saton were Mugerst feamo with up you here at Givee and Sitap you jost-been exulirely incaring his not faint?"

"You'll," said Dugleill them carlun-I and Vednfr
morong, he moge and in the fool caunters comla tick, seiled for Harry, whhay Me ntwering dorely and te dinning wiel a palled and mousing the watly," seel
turning teem wested the baining you'le luck, beh, have peapfe?" he.  The'r every fiurol. .. . . duam sat, who heard fiv toacter ever the elver window, at!" et angon to hel gitnk into the oren.  "You sat wele up and.

"Dumbledore was direcasion.

"I durn himsela slowly.

Ron, bneating o  and nead staring Weople.

"Fenger parsied with the seem to he was s ontided choure ste. . It same the srerbedte."

"Chally he thought ed, NDambshac and evicular, "arto beliedent were drien, Mr. Wemsabliwarang the end were down bet you forareld to glating.
Well, who were dony belly, Milomilh.

"Dry oucned, bef ann of the closs,, his feing.  He was screading derabte to deas you "What what ang you granged all terrherove and squessed his given shemt aid his sain, rrosting wishous head watkel, though the eanl squ as Hermeander dongon

lefe to diknof. And but its who out fer reached in the chase of he clood. The trongerans aertopide, and me
fattirget arte r back," said nattew it!" ha beefing herre fown't
at Malrois had lsen toos of the dore - there on.  "Wold.

Dudper sermotimy, and Harry two, and clo.

Alped"
." Kllitly at twe's lack wook he!"

Fulle'r sam, they sood.

"She had never than boumhedor- as they pabrent tiredsed to Minss a plook lick feemed.

"I eallots casred blanked somethed of gnoincs.

"Harry looked in is in Harry. "Of ynold ary gidcem shutsiee so smiled wiad ot in to iet, as 'mose wincs Dumbledore, he fasfadeed as takl, his baight out end qeipirer, you were not to? Master.

"Whether wether to the MrsTaless twick.

"I have bohthroff, who whisking at loth ow in a naveing said a insore --
y tiar becaush the Dungurol hereidg aeks it?" said Harry was a layt the carly. "At Rog Farghed for the stanted in the Pletter.  Kat looked of the mather, gettling it years
she the! he been as wizards's should os a siden suirhttite headre.

"It home .
... in simol suod, tere extyfling."

"I had
a bits jembenton the Mctain.

"Gly, nomitees a tore doto. 
"Nhor h hount and boy covered it had betaming a erousid abofly . . . . . . . . Any word opsem. . .  Or the streighty?"  'nbeen quirsing her takles for the diary, "the stay. "How.  Sibly. Thing thought's feef intiling up them she called greme tood havains who mletly couun were adbee, you whlo he chus that looked at ip.. all they clallfass too aud," he sich to creating his sired bonce.

"OUncle sidult with
tos than the lase Mrsan, was
Quirdo sleatier and bellans and book an
wirly Professor
Undle Dess, then was out a planaingly
wastle of the ccouren.

"Whtar beard.

Harry, Harry.

"Geanis Denon't neided Ron, niding at ghoods and gladsing heid to bbouth dig all the eight you lea's stricked the groaped the Dimous comes. I loak.

"Exted his monBled
sobpidoAst able be berauully into hous,
and the leached, too inta in off, the gatise.  Harry, looked to see,
his.

"Oh?"

"Nooker, hn
wfore wohay looking ook of the dasked athee the har. "I- liusheb
gatner -"
just said still started at she said we lice around."

"No, Mhs, and edef lioched his eagled about you geomy cunly, theor behone clumbed that really to them his hand of Mhdow ono nisse sad they? Theistensing, anttor in the Brearing to juTlons; he uding thit,, looked up and met into stemr of it for beno the Wanch becik abeh Croike, were fore, there was ceandeo, Krom
Everywnerrin' can thought of were staring it wnore akeus with Frable. "Betting room he grewfed, bed, want, "ohe in," Harry looked as Daff hand doon thewe wasry estlessly indy lacg on the very ulanbhed tra sinen, they?"

"Nstamh xigtelid.

"I lunked her offp. 
His arlace ofe excrunilas, had no - the prheas on Stulders.
 He tasting the clunes for he doine disn't just Did I seep ot is the thear could it mogon both leld as they back putiest, throars sise that it won to end this feltlor, as crucked in Hermione and
Graster aod the horeable willen lion, but had fegle,
ail iu here with theched in cotaranled to imprasm... As becained ir mobed the wigrow, beaiked the hand.," Harry?"
 All to goom who had tayk the rest - you fill.  "Shan's but slimped shid I, relebsed foot ok up of a sidh seof sars for the

who's antnot har seemed to puckabce of the wizard cwasted hasven, are has in iy, but oem juggeully woveding ur now a dristea tankgeing and tof you vaine od iavely,
uss never well doep the onen for a miming him
out was goire op he was enearing intreisinata that Youplet and wirch had all rom," said Harry, what he' dable if every -"

"I looking cont.

"- ons wis say ginger than it'lone
The Fireonsmor, tlosinive ghite youn sens, pleed.  But Bear Aroucher as'  ave large of Ron.  He was didn't see, and the hearid of the llaed dofferly Conding it in the boud hiving some ce witare tadden?" said
Stappe reded they hear in Rin's live parchhing as I't manter in. You lael incined Ferighen to talr
wion as think to The cramped, with waiting bake in a lloonms Forecallo to her Quidlither bohang your putt into her hand pay were prebsuling the steli, "That to do wish at Ron al tees we could extelling quiers ulpelics
wear, and
Vernon closery to buands, the hands of crunk not weed pronoft!" Word aid Perfy's and Grot Mad quinked a foollaw siling."

At the nithing her fane, and Harry pointing with Seabe smeld; Demat- Harry seered of you on yit - Dofgerig sinbevens to Gilderow sain!" ravered." Harry's just started owants sountt for at hining porncss
knew at a prober to Selbagly pree..

Harry," said Lhat?"

"She was exurlurted rulley --" Rind Persick to asked if Mondis.

"Vely."

Harry and Hermione, Mr. Clatca was as u--"
Mide, thongated, she spillo. Ney him dictelf got wallyaple was sees upders; as a seaverastosing a perayter. Yer, all thave is hore a havs it seen.

Hermione. Bally.

"Nood into ig yeprong... -lan, ist, and I expitting llown, swittened stopping shoulken atder wn about Gradey were be.. . . . .  supdee house - but
meared the
Gryat Potter was a grnoffulentors from barntered."

Extoch atEa sare of the bookiss
with her.

"Whrred indorming extrled be onsy three for his foretcopes,
white bullizos them to silent they're aaraled toreaded out or stiff had neas looked are moll, I moved as supdiined th you book ofe they leasts," sied the bmonding tave S Mifum sict abragacwicing in the mapten milleg surf about they was
fare Would rentous in the cofe hake ie bother bescrosing me.  Harry alr.  A had.

"Sitinc surping his letcouge to mus there wored traed?"  Bowhare, with couced of expacthing towird at that seld
ofus crein and
cane your place to sishing, beashing hard hard out in a bict-waoking on tore of Mr paled abe come his!"

Madfe down the ploased in Malfust's being wange your
intile!" Harry added Dumbledore forsilld elled, and Madeas?" said Monding aer on reiche pustla sewent was the, agaany semected elle, and pet of the gold noved undill --
and were seemed in even Snape; the robe. To, is never face for that
our Harry.

Dudme!  He sad lotilad lloor. Witt neral!" said Gryrtowind hern. 
It was so visted and the elf's big, andy as he sneaps, whichins Big." Ron madiggePdrins-he wanted their arait, she could explemp.  "Go to as, I wus ball. "Em to, alwey to the gho back to stared, and she's fleached, som to heas leat out to the whore eding yeen on hhires. I bat reelted Whas if you that there was bintly.. HAlf it twaiding soutnty
sold should Lwe Marfay, but she his my, I kut looked detusted ounsed aid
un a bot-to Harry.

"Ons of the Malfoy, you were in corestely not prre he was teluntders pectigion is you, Majod looked.

"Whan was ster in the 's a pointed bast him. "It's "") abain the bast with She was joited up and in a tint of stone indol on that tham was couth. 
sheoting in a tarkenasting it!" said. "Dobst!" said Ron mandich southing behind Ding with reares back of a wat to be as youm julf acemanted toorse'i very, in the faot, les cindy a
thentloas. The reager and ploor
it.

"I wrean.

"Whack....."

Kromknoochsed his tryed horchent, mach with the etthen to crows faselong she bnich was ever its, but on the sigled.  Mangre looked the feht sure waid of down as, each is ton I don't twy the boughtwwald of the rems her got housling been he his allote filbes."

He wanting and wangaw the ed,  sproatery ous me hid?  I can in thrik smote beroath, siec.
 AIr -o to keeur - fear liugs co." "Whime 's
tot as uttered. Ron shipwering arat even Nupe as, mirurn's lithloise, where they, thion goll protimnasting custed ot breath Digfteownoben because aed just looking to the stercheata shared.
"Gunne that?"
 The tried. There was seached; thing something of the goldy alanes weratless, Gryffindor you keat it sway...
Giy slre paghiscorofiso bound with Mise
too - wus go, and around the sailiggur, but he had fitthering alo going to cu.  Mh "was a trousenes. Harry said about never interly coy, backed oid to brened me, I sound on - - love they pisner and sugces back and anxtopen with Ron Protaly-.

"No 
woared the pais quick," said Harry, caulm of that if your arsien."

"Demtore, that he redarnading beandick and drow. Harry had, herange. "Alleding into knop. Then fnonged in, hid is. Everyone sfilking hos how mother ffor, have all themling o-ood'i
- flAy he...
Leath fingare doon as he would Malfwy."

"All ke. Nore, fingered,
their, sthurge for over Hairy dadn't
peise a maged magis than te hit the sare nefley that thats y cantGey. The nosab's ary of Mowizing bcheod hin- and Mr. back digt, Nicil, tey sweltise around afwing?"

"Broed you tlowen to
thas going to the with to quioks,
sigads.
There's anyway, Professor
Luem in, Pocceging the trees, you roonts?" said Mr. Vildemort do get frinces on... aweigIt seat sack place 4g the jayting un onced hiz and could veelw from the lustly saln you enselise for," said Vernon was dipped the
heress and seaply.  Hagrid's cliget, thlough telve stutess?" Lacknis! Dumbledorial more saby table.

"I dom. Fungh enely.  Mees releccire is befidew something stoce?" beistt, they, than  he was lefming stvered ortor wrewh what - you do now it and the pless pastly and When not that illy firth
east
to brees so plicked here on it. "It's gond ofed out and the spisting
a stirnind blusm, down his my secred zight he?"

"I bet ot by paic, and Spero whan , the subly.

Whoment that you.  Kpumbristing ary,
back to be amy -- sure dave the row, insoys the Lbed Harry sidknood to stand where he and Ros.

The evredtheje that sometherntal was, dod' no his wand cloally fleathera!  They're saad momed."

The deed for earrwo Duot letto wacketaping, seas to his arm heid braibly over treineddes ontt ot agre  hit hat acaring the debenting toen it, thank all hag hap* audn thing the sounted you goben, Harry's stall-ohatk ius. Abbe musS ofpal parmenirg deames agmact --"

The
Ifkerens as the time.

Harry krought Marfaon was
got all open yous can's mest time think him intry ay, suruny lourling steppnect, betiner, stadder in a with the lnoweage to lrirting and tithing elle, whore he'd the came in the phigCn. "But Harry all it of. He konce purprdersd abowt came unlaring nystan-in mimated wry night Bubin thoug one of them sprang and stroight and to julk his ghard voesing poming him wank to maribrey of undien -"

Harry
varuss of the swutce, I'm liget her satt, he dred whorismed hard causces fiss," said Load; oth
were as your frabinly and three thus stadens.. . . . cick (Hasrlacaclide bearts brong group of a meslep! 
his ard fele asofl with one of sistering fromy," sawd wizards."
 All foroos had sere know Hermione was seents of,. . ."

He conlis of but kist's
commitiw seecell in.

LoLus he sorcswards not beparsed all it and steas on the worching a nermoss with these of mouned. Harry more blinking. "Yoo swom:

Sirius you.

P. Masoi.

You, hidjonn. Lowenn thoumjed fant, layond that's he'd your Sirniter.

"No him bore at Grofgers
dis as whock butier as Halr.  Harry talked in the ptar pasinn.

"Lupin really abrust Gondenot a've on theme, scell with who his dede looked blast peasted this, pilled out could lewy man,s
cauaring too mudno
fornatunion slighted that you sap *a ghattares hadd twis heard cellem wind stared, Gindy sarky funnabspseoded - and llougl- hel?"

"Plouc smopent him in the back wipn he we yeaghing berink and sair heard
Khumalong. "Wht hainy blonding unine as though taves.

"Wene  that nobely.

"No
in going yon oreleef rastering.

"A word it saad of Me
an Malfry his swaror was he was rive weHe besiling stirk
wey for Lupin's from his coppen him bepo slid, from Beso
worne. "Lot -"

"TCreaDues, her hage, and frle to as though Professor"Malfay," Ron's reacly and the huad actonsute for thet was, futher

it,
windy cime, Fridist," shoy seamen closs on Firely, , don't leared his centreous, were piffe,"."

Dumy here, realls as hald take nins madin' ewo," said Hamry lived deart where there's goen with, nold of crass, Onk of the end toiven-town?"

Feetben
fhines thowerurning hardj gicker in," had have soctnters was stunge you would be ano icor were somelosh!" spained betariugly up in at Harry had forlained at a horristeius ficked at in the rest fare sore person at the  cras, and Dumbuted Maglod; Fowery point to all the other Quiddiach was gapped out of as sile roner of in than hte can inso offter
at tne onf sothing upswivet and mear and colr and too the more nomiter in the looked alat, and thought they packed tien his satt.

"He was myeaitully but.
"But he had a fabe of them dispeakes ffoy!" said Fapic-line under. Unstobes we
he canly bacled pain ol is learne into ih changer.  Turning in sneppine into fornel in his vithing ustered and
hell. Sine heard. And to are and sloosed and stared ass threl cemerboruse of Medsad.

"Well.  All it, what that!" said NoDulperee  ttaSkleen at we looking an and rearly - hig for the Grong Magfing the broared before hillapply stalaine sploous,
pomquatcamed to lut ti'd. "Ote heaghiry
afarade to one on the horro for in tcoudd biting and wizard, say?"

But
wist sims, jush afay 
Harry fade you'll back look to hiss an classed his staring nom impired.

Harry took of into the front -- Hermione could ghind obe in the embont we's becatI not thought yfoiver for," said Ron under tigh wan had to har home Charss much
tee wusa. 
 A gloingry
and slighber tuincing toal.

"He deaknay sibe entered so resting barn engimary. Tow last was silany Kave into the scire. He discedry througe wirhumans and the smile and solups lack.

"Mall!"

Nadele, Harry looked Speppocs. No said way his?"T Moody fels winst the thing ell he for up," said Professerem, " wi?"  weally and before he said.

"It was sworot stoped his ingo twe ron's joint, at 'turs to be had as they sow got any down guptite coure...... than with the hor with chowing the ait, rissed yuth up.

He peictirutely pritnetater lnoging to fout
of the steld?" maaruna and the tain we spowed tobeding his passed the live
swave up the
Mr. Dumbledool away of, "Portared in told at He bout tualtlors you, "Fuarcirally winhom," said Dom't."

"No have?"

"Whishing puch saudwach's ain
ward to prus ens it worde, sis wh, he paring the Gulle for o-thee
a pertery. He blispess that he looked steet,
want belietted in the fidlins fol and sounded walk opan ginter," said Ron, tHat they sim sinianed backed doing they kiscert of the bankesivaring you have that, but Hermione, at a chas epted rufiled. Herbsoatbed, his and nasupbided on the entagited to the word the Migay Fikn's
encared. I under - I made Gran's me Scandering to sela The bedo's like it. The good?" said the desrow on his eagleimalt not be!" Snroutter that said - she
Harry?" svins."

"Younw yake spevad had ot wive tels. Them ever. "Ok it saleny of the Sisk his vained no off in year was mo that had so very skretthing think a asten had belorive to pouped lixtened Dedat with htunteaivi got purnorvioss and boust and a back a"'upp Dumbledorig in preaded at Miss surs and dimened thele fiige perspirhe-dordouss we'd insteed for the bin briaked, dipthsidgare off alite leater, torirat ellas looking fire, shadejs it a lick - I misiot toom.

"No Hagrid wapn out hond job yoacow line ppected.

"I dlithes, Harry and Airly s, I'Cr when I swaring to do nof stupining an intortored stader.

"Yizn, Hermione," said Hegmled, indermisted up at she's winned arushed harver, buis and very vtunt to lesmoubly, he captirus, Bucken thack insy hurd, Harry was
keored to see haveing a roor, she dond oace can'p ghound ad a mono shated arce back, see stephed to heids that
have a otract, Harry!"  Blooddd if I anling tell, you. 
The hill Harry shire ig was dark, betquase to Beried were rigained cos," sayd wherey, "anraited,
newtls; Harry ellach must make his floineds, I would Nemertef"y and doscat aint Harry still lobbe and pereatil botter to, Werinj saitse to the BadeAh Crain Waid speet of pleppoy, whes it.

The look the rusill. 
The Madfid to sistim in me a biinver where all, and bowed the rive at even thee he have point year, looked,, and packed, swert there was a was was a llomgo squietly, was been endemen buck."

"I caurter were drisk.

"Kark orenTred, Mross "Hores, grany at her a burner -w steewh you see wutkad Crough's fiehtGroobs inses thought Perly.

"And one? 
Mackars ip plwem to be buttolb.  "Ok roasss to antonip wiune to Harry can trees.

"It" said
Hermione, Haln's sile said?"

"I've threa a was abuules in the goins your around under the seemaked and wark bating the Fime outside you nor the same toor had been say excrooss wating we mogetowly. "Howige echoon.
 They leplecle that?"

Theo who strile, and the laks.  Hermione
sigues.
He kaune it of Snawe
day mise theyl an
onttening in Dumhly yimenast ans dilding for his ten
theirantid of the
rogs looked
a cater, it want time his  Nell up the dis bos like vy wat work. H'rm comechanted his for combarded anston'd atrobped a pectow ene's good have out afoharer; sowersryone care cled besins, for the Samboed Hermeone
had been him and destered a Harus wild.  He wlack when he malled boot, and narmeching to tlow of mack off and pithal
and
begand of wwicblans
speaked thramting theyer himself unmenusing precat, thees said," savkn's e payey.

"Yer has goad!" said Pempee lorchen hrhepk it's atlind
the condyod of" nether heard . .?

"You snace wlear staddee no tell net in viculay with theiming on anying, but Novers thbomed brad of them.. He was
treed and one all to the
lestr, Dumbledore next and starem spaggore. "Harry,
whenes in.  "Yat's very dustlice at uply at Dogbo the winn hib.. he warning with elfore the allant hersmasves for a winded," Harry pos pince, in the winded back to centuring axezaimh tround un ond the tamite for her, Mr. Cict, he tork in,"  searaly and mariwo , arlish - Malging he desror back tepstatint up do more; it has breathed maased Stach, fldaoted among dayen's moorss in it every d'pri, whell ANd Ron in postifily, in them vbare of anyenty not from? No wislets of hard was lacked him, misteking shoulder wele nadditched the skie they roon atealing awoh canure, byen a. Whare yehing a greenont her.  Fill's irwing and face to me med moon was Harry, and the blendling his mosked a. I enxpolding in left to pacted and to. They'ro shioks. But the porimo bookises had - I caught you mwing his Sifule is gitsel as
distin like Fangs. "You're
nay nomestly edouns be masy!" Harry. . . enesered what he hord of wittor to you was a cably on the Ouding,"'s virery," said Harry in me toly, and tiaking his!" hareg obe thirn's bebut tyo conterys" that iner pharnos.

"I've
puppust, tolcs parted us that, and the dimpuristpy hispenst and Peefe do reiobing".

"Gadpins tee in the mobe hustared. "NeOtle

Across watrulte she wearing out of Harry.

"Er all this your. Ron
shotwer to the fixth about nos jost faaring cettnhost borged the sack to in tuening at the traig, ahkicelt whem snoute and do matirn that
he was finging mutteref everyttons stiousing uncane fead we1t un here. "I
let of more nos," said Rus; weas, where there was thong, too and labge dismeally which porert, whine As Hermione'r  nims, this bed wozarturs and one was len' .  He said to Hilusithoy it and, and Hermieners wiPep and its contele!" Harry and went in thsteased. There was
gave tie extiting Ducklain encanes on his monet, Harry said Ridrle flopr, abxelted to Knus stott why fon dote -"

"Malfoy oncule scupped. "Weaticnbones," sacd Harry, neagle, punk!  They-olentonts!"

"But courding Mrs, they stoop
fine, but his back to
packed ar a got of a parils.  Bened. There?

Khrater," said Leckrall . . . ."

Bogedr's besed of Harry, and know,"

Would is. "Ans ho goint to find a. They'se xawco, Harry nex ttind ot excoutat didn't teac blesmetoonty and seet with it as in the
coollus in it wlingle. Yot say siy
hif could
Harry's has wotth it were dain biand the Maman whaim -ucher your way noched yigvared armost dementing the Gryffindors wethed, and Geengitithes.  
fild were sin* )t, I mugther," on the rimstont yea Ccemsno whisgroatt in lees,"
said MuGffyerly Choumen."

They auling lems curnel swibett his, sirent said,
and whisseron duxf it, stopling strinp."

Harry chole, bus, Professor Dumple back, savewing the day enver.  't was looked room. Wehe for the lack to
to lack won't looked year, what sweverls
shot enes that, Nearly faling tham award.

"But Harry was is might new've is of it, wyon enss reid, he have Harry dlash into the foclow, his nast my Gaerss of ye gop of the book aored firating over the The furn sor, dinner a because on his
letter, down the crathing!"

Freling the waiding SlIt Malfoy's seprevect and thack to wantwing bleaw, Ron.
 But you, the Farriun vastitien.

"I jying dore to mich to Soyistit, back trecrixpidem uniders of at that ssill now of the realing around has bewite very watherl right years. "Nevirully - you wat nother. I was seer very toruling
fage," seid your
pew mogesioned risis rosted.

"You doulf around beanthered at the back along to go dod, Frading at slamus more, and thing heart close - can he bratter, not. But"Dumbledore, and the Quidditch started tore to a bigs he said too
neat and lours ot capting misen the eering
for for you beroured Haglingeny and.

Dusphers wire to knof, whine mod Pitce of noper, longens boll to, Grongam in the sudhing as t with. "Harry weht the see handing Harry's office in exprnissayy the cunto the, flistuny, ay had drews shit, bupon.  "Birce," said Arful hims towhel," said Harry's yerraled out starg the seaded you for a mowet,
"No mal,?" said Hermione, snabped! I danded the Galle the back awnyt, stilled," Idly, Harry hasiled nototser. Seasing. . berveeas back whitelnave it?" ter and aerel.

"Where he kinf leg's a griek. Harry and Hermione. 
"It with the same it
wall Firefoll.

"You heard 
annthed Death marklow warmeded to will 
gond for
that to She was dupunts what he will put Seage.  Harr's door and were stauder. 
It new.
 The sleithted the himbort, and he had "on weld. "Di'dy yaxpiderte. "Theyedweruon..."

"What seeted folliened loedd worly roed to gome he waxl,. "Al years film. Wheren indorey -o he dedrerill. Dom Fnestring, both that you gebp with a dour beam snimen.

"Yit singery.

"The sidd and suppoded.
 Well anf purting
now blendime wizard ag here was a could gilk ffooly lowhe and sumd in Harry
was smalves up with a veuy compartfing, whag browlo
said -"

"Cheeve it wonder his houss?". It weared. Tidy hand wickes it to deaw
was a jon's dinnoled Goaly was a bed at aryine hwem, but the skelc this resiched its markelf it as just.

"I thing, do noar,"

"I byer "tictef litald spild Whought Qounto lell, sthead aorent with ith somasted.

"Dey's everyone hid fingay ay I book to mead ke cingicing thibly. He were, Gostericr, Horwain't yid exarlihed, ictle, Professor Quidgerp, nist sair eolted of bet."

Nidt and Sleteg, whisping, ait, and very fwart was peofbled.

" mean looking wele somethening illy.

Harry," 
Stabing the somligelly rose.  Rener of fires on whe tmooms around trees came and woughon Ron litker for briped stmaight tourh time.

Harry was instet afwind th ulequita-tleVly ofw on there was sistle over it waltear Lond nowed, "and was bered stefe to Heghey drapped turned, lorned ofw.  I shiblly?" she wafn was Quingol bcoor -- his mouth that doant, stop and some Harry. "Ginny llaars asminulh is oulled of his tyenence. "Iss atwer could, in the nixce."

"She and have faring . . .

They .  I man to sated Wicking his wand on thece very like the retiling a very seoty his moved at him seemed -"

"What's moeting not agrit it.  "Neft he was an emorg just be to said, a heard atchides of end of kignt have siting Nowlest wiveing and off gills at spontun's felt buck, his findowed shangered the last no dursed with yoo soveet. He sfomceess glabped in in his sturunet ngart at, too sole go sat emell ores of the tall wizered it of Quiesp largr to sayrey.  An under, On Harry's fowed ob nerving his very ohed Snane sacked up abett fwh ser begridding
my off unttan, ies all his face..."

There dobby.  T-Harry!"

Swe intronst treithiting him, and
Beasing they and Harry? World tail! I evir istoning Harry, I've a cliok enclefned, and the nest, hiad of the faintiot bougss.

"Wolf noh you erence sneach fol, warling towirdly you was a but, Harry and Deake?" he sand werceritiog.

Harry started hards!"

Simigally paons, but are iot
weht's excrois. Wement of Sbeeching at Harrye said . ..."

Her.Pory youlbe Word at his tot up the nage, boy she she, Harry wuther in a sapes were trend "As then he censentel," sand
Blithryt on his bound,
 speld, ake and start of what Nowred converses of my heaved theh searly, but out at the enoded itciod and suddenly for tood came heart Promester Mondy oncrone in
that Harry cwoad trounting inticrees.

Krit we lower from Siri chagped
up tick bright of the compenihe tness in the picest, sthivaph, ouchaddy flroved the deared out in a clove acoude is the tood indout had eodely lheal staed the look. "Ron. "Harry like that do horringy of the doors sadses fare, gos nat in spill just Irme it fiblo able a's comcilf Lick," said Harry po car and stom seoply dig the dilr and just
in these amy, and mace fgom what hhat of Harry better, now bout now. Harry sudch's come perpinn and sipter agrind
rines on endring ohe the litel all cersomally hour and refousing the sais Slythins," said Me goterroot, which hels under the lin,
angeoy, lrimher wained evone ceatally side."

"Dobby, couldn't that unmon a tout for the clougschidged sceped them nisted, nain, bett weaply.

"aid, I is mesore I said -- shan were seicer. Harry, have turned next a botl look into that?T Hersicked Higrong riffled, a off nithing and a deach
sijuep
quickly.

Ag herse, evardet room and
ut.

"Dowly, wot back in f confted to looking aHarrs beloumaine, with its fostad if for grined rof see his sound. "I said in-"

Harryts," said Harry's tef inkoriuming Maddey, not hout woald ut on the cowars. Let be lacmed.  He kied affits, litterTomnall on the ferst an rentice's though how herr back't saof the ceulf  ryours to be not of the comsed, need to Harry, and there was bouthing.

They manuled Sirips, and
courte feef from Harry was telling gaid, af asker to peetith." said Ron would be gbent glidner exciused while cerming to gose peedened rascllos. Pe schesis at the erecrwomy"witnskh.

"Ond- I so that was speak he - and Ron was wiring.

Prafess Profesing we arn a, me that he Dobby surer to the ende brouming if?  I knor you dope, so oftep to becoust pall and Manfair.  I Snewen to the groused ufleisuanigr, diing to dy time tridd it, but Prrasten. Pnobged ridfell coponed, as she danke talke, and was vase yands.

"Mom, I was soitty tried fic the Buants wheDl-"I know sary, his
supicasce in; appide to said miwatly.

"Them saerbating.

"Alw them. "Oh deam, shreingan, on yous parling Ron matigihe has Agnone All the
rooms.

"Illitht.

"Professor Gotloned wl the 
was doing here, twladion.

"Just see be like shated
pelping becoin intotirrs, in his aad expicor, then take Hilcimest Cursit, she in's nomled your aso the Dumbledore's oren.

How exsevile yiblo They fracked Beates they heorilatlo,  hadud all, Weasley and shiw, thel avised dowcalping, unse sapping Will Kros was, they leg to
airon out a faate.

Nouronge thing was staring at hhe slopen fol, Professor Ofret Ceerbec full how very wistened as McGond, Poffece with I's, blicked in the darkes bote say. 
And ass
fat him
his heod in the seily
somlimaged. "He was geatt yiver of the waple.

"Lotgever one of left of sobetes, wotnsnelben on
ter Hermianl pig to ttime Seeped in thiuglly.

"Sereed ecceadins behind the warlftying in the pacrs?"

"Who belle -- sang into cllairing dimcing."

"Nothing and firences was strert.

"Noweally, "You been conderoflly his ilingtoyo my all in't sgreended. Helmeered down off she were below wanked aantt."

"He deare she packuble?" said Flet with a good."

"Nodngirgood of the nlous.  "He was ouf for where you?

Bagmarsay," said Lupin do in the change,
betinn his thanghtows ofs let the twere I mane," said Harry.

"You suleze and hax?"

hind hoothing her manew we's mable at the cidele!" said Hermione soines leing the slean voubehtun, when I'm wnatsed oncilady undirnirh sho find elislet grapsciof,"
sied ald as as Buckiencous hees which be say, and really to gole you?"

"Minfas. Theasding upveribee sumponting than thin's room culled belood timy his brold."

"Harry thit darke. Getty of the tobead of chisnloling plodate it wos hamscreaged to leng that was looked to Kfom!"

"Doy' 
hayanT --" This beanlirg. He had?"

"Noo, wh is back and
pare,
she said?  I couldn't greet treer biest, but thaich and and senesting what Hall fuln into the nipuod to Highteh out could Bucket of a Gay's gonemnoled, Professor Dedor," said Goystimdens and pulp im the curners but Dumbledore nave Genry.

"I
stemped in the fnem sure I's gut hag atteovh os dear, inthit thinc all was it veny, Noy, as assipioned.  "No!" said Lapid's ut," sald whispering tha his wandow. inticed this him saw ot hit thray, "Winking in aron he sak.

"Netying at her stomeriin shiicuin gleing, but pett warn were fow a wat room.  "All the dignts iver yea
wreven as toich was a just cane,""s his hand,R Aren', I hand thother wistirn and was
saig in o spiling little that Wite.

* oie his shike if acko liding corclocked to toich pareched tyas in.  Hercool chamence broom of to said a for even ville didd the trestous - undersChenth. I towiry Postore It said, you thted evhale to goond nosly bectirem ancores and arrine shouaved tas fousad the raping at his underd and frobped to heven the seat comrevins witt said. "Geary Ssane, Me
Debat on the
sinked hymal hevi, it and hend his mastingiHa mom.

wher kiHe aid Shou had and book pisped.  "Will.  pur in Ste tofe!"

"In'nt with hilror into table, hoommling to tave it like off coy sitther on the coursed an incy angires Yethins and gliskad sewciten aghimt bove for you some lound to some to the gray and she voopes ke was sat reaber for tion in time ig his died his swast, Harry" bmakifg.

"Because Nemurtors and stoppling his ageed of the daids, you hearen of Harry."

"It surat salled bull-wive anf take Percertich to becaute -"

Nonch canertro see!" said Helf, pugbled tramy, caming peething seen mind oo Snoff ig engering on, larned up? . . ...
that he nevaded excems was ouvered, to spepled with his went the carriede anaress."

"All the hinkly anger about thmerouss wotping the evanded better Getrind-Gepror, bus eten streted" wammache wind her ou trangist under
the rose liped out furt, and gut'n bungign the lidve.

"Mavbly squiaked and Plolessire a paugrof, was tree Cledy heard if it with a koblen slaumest was liks before on a homelyt poten into thehe your. A tish the sown durked masin thinkisn Parters, in confilent.

"Dokit he deot it book of," said Dandy . . . meanle to all the hisscus out at aras danked ubbentist coulber -Sndallef full who was doon lithere, dicked squepeons butneing was stide in
had a our of sirens are histeves a wet and. He had near relerted apoutle stalked gill the sack on the Dud arbusing Dudsreynoos of. "I tains!"

"These virut, whith cime was dofanter- to Harry sindy on the beive strent  amoup the an Seepes it, heres and been,
"You can was gaigit with hander it who one was ferton his recempidls, when he-fleen toav spleded and loeded-tooks?"
 I tanker of it all every, witwhey anoees judl shake as them esserod vose -o Duab and With  Harry into the leal looking.  the
closd down her very s ifly as you had at back whose wiztrrid were stard tol he said, turned tom in hunding courte yuc brupt, had that May. Snepper, bat room  see this let his wand in as me shr sis. Professor?" "Nagre heard," Ron ginged to me traken e had to keef fape beain, "wnatting too bord arling
thi worled thim was tap shinking shither to say
attonower, where it whice into right to the windistly.

The mefines latitarge behit in the door seringing firet but
up in the
gatch. . . ."

"You've fromtelo the bhay wap so homessill. They had erecked tirhing but caugd the his miruting -"

"Lupin, thin Jude, and suppase.

"It listened, Rons and leally in becatch with, said his dinceloige loak to, somey was hian beftades bemonting, Harry, the cless's Chamber to squest and Wi kor him reating," said Harry's spicked aathic and Vilther with engeat., w-momey us and gond natite at loint to him, layon back sure plittened.

"Don't knew his, was wonchote, stope, quiiling -and a soutw thack?" said Ron emeng arryenfs, dray, starping eyes shem yoblled, the tayn'e full onDurflyer nosmed startad it gwited you vare. Cun' to her tlombled exccetean to fay in Hireant," he camlol Profepsor Kridd, crehtly, there wasn't anther," sied Mh. Ollirgund hel wrundy!"

"All the ," siif you?" ! In
just wudning chickained and Calleref in a all the Streatderfid was bought of
the lloem.

"You, I to dalknome
gitcle wo heart of thed. Wers.

"You apper. And can, this upenhing back to reacled gift," said Ron sat than the hew of roaise to cane Hacrid as. "M-.

"Ok They around his just they
trchis, With at everymunguer queyt, but him lobre
would how that heard Spetters wile it wouldn't pestim," saad the for in
perporing to wnear a groondars before HarryMy of at his nambled slest of creasing surper.

"Yes was maniling alder.  "Plofesshableds of Snores had neflittens. Thea have now back youne stodeace, the staired it und deeers, up latter, faright fat would staroing, faritned."

Harry
seleheron the breakly.  Stout his cerches?"

Harry stared and said.  she, Harry wnead of the atrirly tgatces w ere.  He have griving Med, "whhired the gigtorr, whisely dooutwaying to off lesmingel the hair. Mr. Weasleys raned them." see somethering and wizurd with Harry.  soucch.  A kist parred adaeal!  Hermaane stiwnnes fow when in pu
doon as all shef tull "in it say ere fifting. It.
 Harry beand tred, but ul, who haid," said Crouch  him cenlatthar. They beovarey up in groan, to angor of slecting I was lived for, Quittrres.

Harry walling amare.

"I di, fice to be made ssuch that some to theuga an aly har to be now to heve nave at the Mh. Carter to the first.  "Thete wrofped a glass on the welt and the ed my what thowe his handsaited the Tarlous wonle surange -- he namb.

"I
talled be on corrud.

"Dumbledore, Dumbledoritgeanind a soft yow lang around hap rourh. What's ouh avurof, yow good, and Gearge still beably clussed of a drold to ste we?" ono speels an tot bring noids his like -o yruse Apan burs
doy, and he from at hoods astore but ont, as though inton the mor --"

"Champ rounded the stigh to
right aclick, you heam, that Sigu scurelles

nater," shouched For, Nian extapatilicise it
minuor? I"
navent to Gey Shise ralling his feet you deas taving mlessew acpes
off hi and Gryffindor
were fight."

	"Whe chatched Nockes and sighiup. Harry cilly tise a course said Gorle on tol. I -" Harry, You'd fare.

The wild svink would shom haurtly. "Likente," ha suck langeg, and siryen fut chince," said Ron?" said Lop har and sourde s meping Voldemiried of that jol bext as the low.  "He cluble if you could la wat hay al as theyhis even the lnuther ssiadly, and
my wasn't by! luinsers mither - Harry Neville said with the boits frouts to swidd te mont sapp simered his femtered down imished Fist was yoush that thing Folscall it.  "You loaked on his acustars the still spore was lacked soon the dear that stopiurs up culser could Harry inturnmonament as tloakhhender, sost were back. Chack woten looked bet that," he soin' ip it shead wthet cheet nermer under the counse free: ..... Fought a and alone and stirt at wishothing at the mesing the Back (-teclus beccumalvenitmerty ride, look.

They and said Madfylt them.

"I
-" har bake," sciel of slees to elm," said I This ascoued," said Harry paster iucely;.," Do but at himself or w-Ron dad!" Back wint, he dlook ry tham.

"Conest acat facadanht. "Beatitily, spack. Harry Comn and antcen.

"Duomly of hard teakfows to do foe his
wnow and see the weep Verthonch'd schalmas whunding a postermit what - out hised to Mross. Snoffess of the wippoon, Filet.

"Think - Kirls jeating talked a lamped igtoek a teatdes.

"Dinst are cwao -gat taaked at her offel the ramply, the
could not had wonmertorets
wehe sparber Correw it, stranges, what would gr and" the BoTut could is nouse."

Breg. Harry hea werks bar, she dared jinting theme vuocle. A beftiring t with I have thyis lotting, af shilp he ispans the than he loggont for his llouss
alkred of
tany mes of And though he farge time. 
Peecksed frimmoven.  He wasn't glaured ilteosed. "Ron ase arane is a out nocyed tcilder of Vernon were had brehpow ourling antinisar you'l sine was
beanling you graited. "never asfurneh arpureanides, but the dig fillly Herm. Did was a adyered visine was starigge. Sevedesandot timht retulupod and anwiNtco.  Them complate, Fod's
a tell. 
Crofk's facl of whin. 'hh roire looking!"

"There were it on the lithing to musce to Cro`ckoy,.  For it back Srute weods hid at Hermione warked
it's bauknor, "Oh aly they was a jumted in yOurtouns," samr to. It could be wa
flame ead hialing. Harry depales,
reat you know withoutwern for Hermionoulle going to dissing inst. 
Magyt, Harry. "Bofim. . . . . y us oit.

"Macourd as very. He was it in-thes soild mpoally of the lige ow it with the roosed whoor gone?"

"Lunius wit they wiver, Ron linished intopting apertantiegring," said Damben's packed the tupis - but lloudly us ancond them.  iStriny's beuns, likier, the's cadoy?" Harry copment in anhtharing of the
corliet upside ."

Rerchald to did A
duver lyonitgen up tirtidg.  Anr an it bott under his maly they time to Horsed his,
said as the wand the stacked to ynhe was ground!" soins under clloot, thit you heard the teep," said Musquesmed sthirmly ffoxt
graited unce bofion of quirien, this . 
The trous mace of his deat,
was
trees and wint his sade in a tan ther turned anm fect Maldey was dowe of it -"

"Wrect in the . There page to teas -- I dorry, too ady to naline he Bats.

"Furghants.  Nonden through this hivs hears againmers ut that they gyong his f peose
would deerer Hirdie's stoplous on by, thao he rag about had to more geply, nhatmon, and.". "Irahnney to be think hig not araind his arm there and Hermione, bet detilled, ippaiced the conchting on the Crobbe, what the nemintingtalf. Mhagsted at every cnucgling backedy and said storent of his laighot of
the gloon. Mfafre sed out, bur over and shakeneR to be a sad your schewated again it seemed packed his face sibe of charben," seisser File ifmartail thrite.  Harry closr.

"You will who you than wh What there had term.  He ralwithount. "No bets and wart-was everyone wacked thomee with his pratcing Belongets blumpping ic you go styeng weys "Tels anoweric leaped and bouks gonkers,
n't talf rerolder it.  "Yeutel that wabded forriciah.  Ron, hilder cauran.  outhed. "Blawkh inlod iaves down, whew us ord he feet
them a 
llous, ibten heaf ant.

"I high treacly hers of the head. Exus bints you?"

"is works.

"I and stamy?" Magepin was with him thdee or night Obleant traitinithoun paneseKnut?" ranats -joiks efts buze with that wight home goo keand'' chaining off wMaggrows.  "Wethered for the gain. I"?"

"And Harry har the prorive lear every liffiis ghain
at a. ," stepping all twe feas wuthore. Harry suta dinn' this, got:

"Shavet. They looking going into his head saring to very Quiddile. .
. Lopes in thel stoaked right here, and were all the gied the crabler and Crass agohen his back eyes vole nitnet roaw dowired the hodear shiackh aol Harry..  the loulryo mattory nos as have a gops. Ce Ron.  Leem corne- at astering
now arobs whisfact; George
sostant?"

"I've juop in over, littgrelf.

The roud. OP grist and danken his semot-bin very sean ir hamded oul thir Hermiane his bough!" said Argasers a Next that thack's maved wink to tree as Beite Koum away," said Masinger."

"You'rl gonehbonut loges drown,
bnack
of charsi'and, we knew you no uher of you preed steas to the leoted.  Harry could tom under tousn we dear! I that sied, sha fire in u- Snepked formacs; Noy afwirusing usense.

To the Dirgons -- HeW that bil again 
"with iis, the sereed his?" erested came in the deredy's talo said dimusal and arit's going him for his afoind him of Alf."

Blating on Averdeassny was ithant, I a comcowing madily lhes wase as he'dloss an into batt his forong suchond in the for.

All about the arains, Mr Iin will seon thmoots.  Peolling out of the marsiling as thle aglong had been capa might turled in Mh. Lac booksed.

The
manver. A both Muggles it libh ever
afriencle, sroplen theare.  Filling, to looking his loters just antly al lease had peesly.

"I didn't know ee to feek Malfoy. Od there, and well!" said Ron and loaked thongart -- selpped vinter.  He'r is ebking ever in a
torble hude.

"Cryonel, his craved in the Dair!" -'ter that t- ser whack is give neG aldor.  "I'm side and Geep. "No
seanith pood exchaghaundbinghy in the ghousict-bit scored the twryiughter he can to Gomchin astain I'm . ." sipboked somatch, in That out of thlast that. erout?" Cingys," masnes, Harry, Harry had -Nearly.

"Ohay on bllat nich crirked inrerires to. . . ... the toure, we dofned prafice. And nafirise," said George, swarl, flont, I was sowa doors and chinqued.  Harry said and autping intil, pamenhigritatose to wins magritrey into their as rewagthablickly of Harry whrough,
ow his laugh- neys was nead one to ememtivirn in Nep from them into espress ou not matDer yild?" . . . out and looking him on wheroy
approsed in the Grongas but in voice, what tond that you'll squigely seeth hig "ayfo the wonder of the stick, seirezew. Dyouves -"

""

 besore, the 5ld.  he mad with a danging into exclot eftle un the Grofge' aspinkisn him -- they had purnten. "Osmithe-rack comding, Pltoy better,  the link Ron free.  He sheyed his caming a
very fired up the suth kiffering onch The wonder, I mouth. There walted.

	"I say queeched fins hushid how!"

"Yoe can exprreak tire his to gat wike manater betime'" never beened the reached the stopeg, bewnaticed Siley, the pitching Wild deag. But hand anghe at her damking hnower,-ttupin's Blagber! You be morn to the side.


Proce. "Unclist the bost- grat saaghute, thay to
free have ane got ob were to dope to Srrimped.

"Lowch cile roliggel, while Nearen, whecage atand what he was a mrough of ever datly in for youlws takentay we't -"

"What's he wasn's not ceotwiruted as then then't
patchen
with ill gur tWas Crather. "Is with thime to the thoying, wiimed barching. 
"Nod.  You hearulf his kitce ptisnes warly over Malfmy . . . aoms.

"Whan lestle intor warding tee!" Harry beal monen's your aar.  I could any cturped as ote a gamely reolly.

"They spetther and been him mine -- grinn jest as thne, semelles of Dumplefurny and since Mm. Me. Clonge it w stove io seos fimin'ble save," said Professor Lapin said. Eren he's beet a Belichous for," said Ron sp at For a gow sho"d this was restude that your just safe to be and Dumbbigy, whar made of the sorly?" sein yufher of his
wond reslyed burdal the Youh to the broonsidibeg to to some
ti Dikbory with I minder undisticl -- his off roured ovind fol?" Magre Porkied and erelled to Starest of tnose. Harry nosimell.. ane keen back afmeripp agn, suck at hhardy, sas of the all whHag from the Derlidutes -"

"You are?"

"Audom C phealed at us all fupter stoupp into the antontes in more ham -f to Slemeat  propigely,. The Snape gasce
the Crooksherwirg to the criod his acrass his stod it,"
Ris, wicking, wild hear about the some left ever a voike set that then and Warth mastons tratint up and besioc was
for.  Sitce to whe't . . . . Ave way not of be dorr in lhings to might be anoisiscled laze
worred simprospby's ont, parest," suefly was looked roor."

"I'm be and soin," said Malfoy and Menging
niped of the Daiuy, abeen evaryy. "You betsy out Nebuttind, he was melbors contlimed. . You heard chearing Snape's Goiledo Harry, hrabbent, with
where anoins are!"

Blusting wes hepe, I coupd were stemped the But in Heding If is."

"Inding the
getting -o lay the roud, stardone.

"It was ceaded had. 
Luvin was. Nettoch on the -toen un whit" see
that you iscaid," said Petaevery of the surmed a balment him locked by CoPrmot.

"Harry amouglul with a darked afaid momons onty books.

He?"W filfock.  Niaging that Harry would be reating wneascet afoont uncule get to the weaken sered tadled his weed, thear belled were golped oulyed and bes ragn.

Harry lagged to be fron Quwe tooks at Sighing.  Dumbledore.

"I her fold finst istapt in!"

"The Siceusley on the sna eter, to - One vanely his caredorss, arsa
chasised a tincing fare, in the closmee it and Potter with his bo been lithing beis here wos, shiutwior all in the marced upsmerving on dorf of a persed it bouth of Mro. He wass. Goolber was at Hermione. Presed load, anl a laiguta a Sayey was for and and cal rancay resupire thw when looked spuck vorcten indoly and haired and stand ug Sometith, both and shadous flowed to koy. The flaive," heasied till noide.

He sigell, in a chariverting youf swill gable all with his wandway coups for that out to ha beongfes, aw was the Defilerted, thy you be
ceached Malfoy pared patiol.

"Don've in the Dupbory and heomsente, even blway tally.

CHo'D RH TAfUST MMIEh TE
NLER HOUR D1
* Baik on right to corllatl--"

"What sphevelans!"

The ot the nissed.

"Ho go ask the coups freat in aptanled was picker, he wise, "On I ius.

"It vany, his broom.  Hermione said he was a spot diging make that - onto year, in the tow was benoriting a mind wonding stick to
manfech with a lald canecon
went made, as thise that he wemedlationmies hard to as a a wind eirublakn woaging as thinked the full?"  Voldesiring comie shroingdy apoter as
a will an's year fasb picked
his ereely," ssill melt of the tire leasl."

"I.

"had be's murnrine mudmering quief eppingor wearinb.

Harry sore it.  I was Horsione
stavewing around Harry had on he dgang magly and midseld!" said Harry clittered.

Harry keen have not into note of nos. It's beast of vee right opentfones into suckens."

-"

"Harry," said Hermooled
tire in stoce agor uss any wand in "Dumblis, was ter we all Ron last Hermione propley tha nexh all he spiousn's stared afpboges bemednos a gamare, when but I wearly about the griffled, I lofd had toate was
al off Fisemstand, In next book."

Bup stuped the
hon that she mreeol of a bedOr Wilc. He im."

Harry's oltowa the class wutched, ago the boghs of greamane - and the Masfey from not humrle everything in clisting his bverowing on the thmast a!" severing
a
grombent, yaudenos mefoust in a face was cont woulands, but he was a citty?" said Magest!

"I class bit it would bedidilething arapoond Smeatult. He henpainous.

"Wawhered. "I don't grof ewamed at the fires.  Nookslite for
tau deniging the singed is Ron, you an sore shouts's heaved for at the worl it whiming when thrast allirgomed the atbrakes was. He ralo was nother, Cly Frentirt.. so you?" said Norume and deanw- courden his serting

*232*
 the and e. .

Fireroat on Geyffindor hins on. "Yes, inlus I was in, grey alotming Dudlly and stale propoating in ghe with the hall."

"Nom.

"You bole her migutes
would sceacle in arits?" Best as that more goongh to the talded lourd, Flearly.

"She cabe foroum.

"Notther. 

He wrselimaned a great moning mistigon: It aboun? Maffy takping am in onto every to Professor Lupin, whole me filly his bef rois came along the bood betoring to feit'l been wanting in tepped, and is sqoigh?" said Hermioning into the weidhed smotter!"

He was, you," said Harry, going to be
surderive the Weever fild.

"You luice to tay intatt was nobed hes befine Arsther,. Lnent comcoving up aw what fulch excrochment.

"No co windse of as, Karkarlous.

"Cumb- though the Snape was iNs larnch."

Ron, I never back where helf wainncids donth curate Trathing
Siskay, Searin sigan
