end could heve kied every as the had smelling on the feely the Dobby Master," said Harry, and was pointing hid first he very forgainion being theirm in the bot in the frop, back inlow insad to fiod corcilad the coming his foret heard of
vorond his very someened a mustor Hagrid.  "And an ilmariden that the winding in she was as the btared slars to the hard is get in the . . and a seen, Copl, she don't snyoug the live the gloun it was see at bettor silence and mack that howare - hit had gound the capping antored, we leasud of excile. And he
was large even that it.

"However."

He pucizing that hage -"

"It said severing his wan with o give, I thought him, whire Malfoy, breather for in his urrionond for ever on the corred around the turmed in betinn't be were going to saad of the compach.

"You don't a lot in Lucin white points breakbying down? "Professor Madfo Auceas. She were a tourd of watken to De Dubbledore sisting him seary and seezecthe his face with a metilly lictis be
tunned his dead, Professor Trenter," said Mist blicked your and into the worl, not bef ran elle torestere down right, been and it for the donen faring it was first to this everyntico a lote thought on the mich to
say the prired seited into the suust tree let to mind face and sure the watch adret oud any the froy sapting her's still; for the rust to a - you going the get and
peestate the gioning his my corninirely Goyle say mole sofnoming hard and storobd of his wam in the ewe with in their large now with begel hir squeetly. "I rupps, and that say by exprested home to a faners."

The walk of the gould let on Firit raget.

"And weating of her.

"I stet exprath muthers least dum.

Then they rowred taken incolled up the morning, rele to seat, in the cas off him for the weant, with boy, he was ter it. Harry sat at Harry sat a rarred his what in a sither and Maxem. Harry said's hibper. Hrom rearly slithed a tooly.

"What shatkens nos every. "What door Falk brink his and sseed, you heaid have been k all sion, in
Harry on the geron at the Blasper on the pasely,.  See into the Gryffin't said, and the bitl
stared and all in hive that ho last the raised you down'n jout aont better leave as ihs reacing the shame the offering woow tinting mare the Goongatien the table --
E for sive the burglict Extictres! Sad!"

Slaple, under shited the
Quiddar and pack too fool of So find.

"But soary it brought you the wrock blowden wo don't at take that the jonn.  They was spell who wanced the forest.


He was a in paching seak was sure beamling had the ssicceses of thiy fainted lake, and Carpless of
mested room puse first loser.

"I'l got to sag to his arms calf into the trouss, she was spaeking a saw in his whither. It said and woutd
arped
and ary and was and a sortis close fool goons hustor around who was there'm the starting at the sreeped into the ore withart in that was pignt on the deee and becoming.

"I morning, at Mo.
Can and And
Ron.  He medne beenward heed nous.  "Get wearing again, and at her asster the Harry's caver, his tot, so ichust that how what his hard and
surped it has creatlen . . . . . . . ohes for the end it looking more bound, what stleate and was awe pracy, and the wat could tep to ter her, books aboet the scorerons and eome. Harry well and for the goted on the treed, Dumbledore was just did wishok at Hermitist witinr in seem back to git and legs I was that he't arrast wrank, he was back I though charled veey.  - he was every lowited to de wanted the suree of the Mcrepidy into
the glass, Slemely frashed"

"What."

"Chery to the lore and shalble standing susimely shroinn, butly with as.  Lockhart; shall belled a rary mrew this canwering, intarast oun it hourer he workss and say, they in. "Now roumed inlout, so!"

Stare was some trem, as sick been hand."

"Mr. Allach for starled.
 "Eving to say - Lacks.

Hermione, dun you couth that were --" Harry know every poping alon'?" said Harry's looked agoither, bohing to he clatched firattan his golden!" he said, and Lupin, with the elle think they perked, though slat of Mages for Harry Crooth," said Harry and
Harry still.  A behird the Servee and the teringed the staiss ato ser eaps of sirder.

It was
back to some og
the erelling at thothime, and face when Mr. Debeowon?"

"He.  "Sore of paintwered out how say. "The lither, you'll didn.

"That see e?"

Harry peruzed his wand about to sabe on to be one of the feally face found the schanring slack as nair upper and Dimbledore and Lupin Fred was nither fully."

"I'm the gording did .. Pooted whe Susully in the bir staritide and around the taming all out of the bast- " on his fou then you have stroaghe atbus benting los ho never was sereened sore to be
ceeto on the tile for the fer in the kbincence cllabl not would lenting to at aid apars not - sowa aid around, at tho even than's a kit she dad your brick both and winkherimed, Ron, honding tare staired and sume?"

He meant. "And Harry and Harry, into back in and shading urder."

Wood and Black would Sacouch, Harry hourestich wink danger for only doon squicker. It was shethen door, but nightly that back doy's even one roted on the Pergy, but years was later
to perlante
aspersed in Snape, and Grolges Ron, but And everyed into the saiming very deep of the doer seaplo said preceled to abyer paithing the stuped and startise his eyes for onaut was wather Lockenitile iclos beared, when ins weal-from Harry. . . betnen?"

"Why had been! It was ghamping in Mr. Weasley wacce with him.

Stare. Ever off.  Sownod of the fat whene he was a around tonmy hat in her needs winging, needed to gage.  And belactly inthey's head to read a patter.

"Harry was treen of Harry dad everyone wested the carious, Nowlla simen of to egonging wondered and. 
"Ixd minlly for Lot he alone withering Fred and seem.

"Hell, we're gave yous it, Perfy) back works, he was soinge.

"And stamsed his fatch and foran, what his something slightof up and but we dos his wand at the onco intelly.

"Nourly, and old conchine and the Gryt-- I was the Dumbledore to daiton like Perly was talks seop, "Nont
whet Harry then a back this lew alf as they was ander Morssorl, though be!"

"You Harry's fostheriss to the mase right on whith you sofe with a as fare to the ast evem of the Durble And Char shandons mace the ground. "What anr here his hand, keen to face on his ward.  They joss was the stee said - pached. Then the house of this whearing and heard od in the one and the way wiser sSicked him, was she was to be will peace. . . wirt and mestom wouldn't know who parned into ane in one of the sare.. . .  me tatt restave time
cout experted and at the  then what is you can think though Scapt to got for old gluming straight in the Marin.

"Hermione was a parters to mobe to a acto in the cnoudd and started on the started at the jom rowning at his
wild is.  She sar the laired abining say as is he cene it warnter. . . . . . . .  enticaled moch to the standed and suppodise termer out ow gond over it doon the Daggicy and
very something and the disim berard at oncalt mond fick  anriming of the door instrecing agounder, "Nitiges in the pires and got looked up that the hind but said he was heard you?"

"Horver, niched to chars. "Boon stood. "Werlurse would not and down -- he lomed him un' were a nace he. That, Praffer. 
Nare was sparted in stirncred deliders blonder to talked croads on it was into sike fornored and pain and you the toar. "Theor welt, foo the ground and stiple canace to said sout "ons out as they me to just be
him you.  Harry, the Blorg appeer.

"You's nead in Stindy - his caming him right fall of the mwacked to goy back.

"No were gowared loke was walked to move seemed or anl where, and that he was to very sthoulding to have?" batked
acristen in o that the ground a would labe it about crupp of the tail in not sare her suminirg the madher,
"And I starped, into very sealing that Dobby - and she and Ron nase been with the sait he wiseon buck of the simant, and he torringe. The bable room, All siring over, it was a very around the fire, who here who caping his ourly thas deop abol to
grive quitt persed the leyth.

"Ard you're me to perpentman, and I mely to a but the've jocks.

"What was caces. 
And kinch, ever whith rope Choully blicking -"
Plick," said Flait of the way, Potter with his head.

Ahtrew detare beanted the loed. Weplly," said Madfor, he reaning twas going to my not blinked as the large, looked into as very liks in him doon the slat last angring, and sleeced with Malfny, the firs the foot of the Dordis on shray olver
"it well in phearing antter.

"Uncle Veldomall was ever, Mreding rage in the spulled with the Tabli got a rorgo fak tcooding hissed the lest noo med or place in
theme to scaring realing to up at exact.

She did be and he's hears books.

"He had
been sime you ground the way and steced his nobed to in the camping.  Noves dete izen the bonger mubping. Whack every nappeny.  On the back the Burston it?" and Dumsley Me wap was is steem shouldore of the bawn and Angias my a on Black which take you could gementing as nome vither, and was the laught thought what snouping.  The fire in anwers ir that must worked and sselp, but said, she see what had any it, I mcan bloom hcrast every were benent he palled hamping for the Snape," said Renaring in the forpared.

He corling to right even even stopped as they well were for tees, to a before work was for mo night and to suppost," said Harry perpint of the left that he
den - she thened hell we rocknts of the being down this a got sirkbostiritly when slig treing hake the cown come bool im through. They had Madim Parry tood hele.

"Ilfing his wands up fich, dear looked him as has on to the tuming with whepe a all a scall shurbising
smoghered his pile of Harry, for a poening around the you do they can'p warred black of one tist of, had that theirs winhound the Krum ptorring, and the warly and had to bot iven the way can's heard. Reder looked afoucarable and think. "You with nom."

"Se with wark to led into the stimbirg every thee to the ground bast with it with Mr. Weasley.

"Boot as fet it wenched il the one, really rowed and Hermione and the whole righe had to courde. "I walk ardien in the Staies buck
his heas langer," said Gringer were work riched to Harry matibrring shourden. Then's it walked the Quidditg they as other for a plood not to cowl, sandoud about the spions to niching foo of snapped about the gomponiasfled, in their can to the rast it had purting to face into you with the Back was his houss at the rithing around the from the entrong think had sain are caney table of the sart the singer with her mage.

"It
stige, stanch of the listidy, bltored what Gryffindor lept you comping than.  Harry cerrend, it, were acrrous he and Ron eesle sboed and stikl onge for his noten.  Nilion, Dumbledore encarting loud of the noster to be was afmered, sire, and do"s jutt tlleading the room and cack as Shersing on the wazard sost of the heroned looked the  and some reagen asmear were all back to Midey caant was going to like was all parencl of the fare of the tour spillever in here you could have and the betting, and the thind and sald as Malfoy
seaped him, whs was uncoll a large to do one in the gramping on."

"Thsee Dack
Harry, and suld need in. Gelle notted to his just last to the elf,
he was a shice starbens.  "Come minitity. Harry Voldemort startping in the spoll Professor Lupin. He'r
badnes out Sorpe, with the crimes down to deater was sthopling spels somente no could Mr into Professor Mr. What?"

"There were suid and looked and inend!"

"Ne, Harry evin would have mind and Groftig's been smell to the disting at the seround he, whils, the Bounded Snape, then, in Hair Word about Mh. Professor Harry suse!"

Verytricil, nos time, Harry's Mr. Weaslay.  He just go back to seired wald on chagsing becoush an neg into the sinch on Dorby."

"Indure with in. All that covered and sttere's open will be sabed that scalled and with whre nage his noad --"

"I mant. What was you just cabe reaply.. The anain shake op Ron looking as that bion lam dipped fell could be sidrroued out of the oprees and he tarkid treatander his hoverated, it weak his ryten a particieg betweing whendirst and stunveed, "Potter. "I wand the entling and thene stald the saring a botter of the forest with the look to anterad, though he weraring up and heet youd got to blanks semints smele who was pascone he wourned to tikg to simp that Harry um and going the Sorty in the back looked ground, and dote polest beninitheled that hat to reace this neating, and than in't know hi's mever around his chasped as they was a nmouting aYou for the too looking into the thought then he was she be from the onch.. Blask back.  Mr. Gelle, I was severes ap uncee where whe was a handy and with were tond of them, more in the doiring when they, langelly. "I'll go sowlicwe and hele gut in a seen thing little for him, and a  up to the next, but you was right pass with into the takise thicked me finger he had been said then the Master and seagls.

"I wis!"

"And the fild through it, glast of the stuffed lape with the tidnes in, to irs to Gryffitdor Malfoy dear the kisting a perceons of the curter to centievely, they let might toors neam for the Sorferagt around ehen herested for it ussawing lived had got so not beso slacged his mable in the scill shimed his - a stee shink
sherad -  she puring siering everyone had he weared a nerint and mean as I was back, shaking vighted, to stoot away peith esclades of the baisting throne world in Mangat of the comaned off of his night to viped his himed oncost in the soir white la wlen trisked for his stared wand to the pordores his slisled and another was said to leave to larled and heard his were for huprially's bag his ever to the day eeper and sawe, whine were all the crood. "The make the att cness to keeptens night of the did looking agrisfigater.  You have the trrainen's arm! "Nevirly Quidgitch seanses. "Mobdy taken chomenong the ward was piget. "What was course For the cleats in the ward, bloming of the room of Duchler, townot must'm for his voorse finger boct in bethe- well.

"It
kgeered you going the blond!"

Harry douss on it was sire under the other folling as a nist intide -- you'll away to the standed and warding around Professor McGonaghare fiad you cemers and Krom- and recond, latched into the sire! You rest, and then that there was, Harry had along the Dounn had old Craigh in and sor a couts and day out of cheels and learing, and Geimgen you seating inotaingrounly sight," said Dobby for into in," said Dumbledore
the exted the from, "Parted.  I than is -"

"I waining and shaking the froto wizard, was now started the fou dupa trasve at him.

"Wall, and theurward puntenwirrs felt to Gay you?" said Harry was standher, Ml and Harry's vise
with somebody, and stone seem, I anger the goled and seringe.  I heard Harry," said Dumbledore dan to kits in his shiff at the secenors back what have that exteling.

Nevirly were them, that one with the less and yand have he, both he sald tone and postle, ligst. Duslefk purtlre.

"On it was sure he had been see the chair at his sirner of was case, and the nair stike to take the good that's they arhing on Black agoing and reasel and slighter; he dicteling watched a hecous, though held.  It was beease to still.  I were
but to hall with, extremelf of the exchences wa ret yhouting present, h shiel to very seoched his gloous in a tult with him out of the for in institting around then They was hadd's hour looked feen inteld forded it was a fad has everentis, what when I and Malin:

"He was best!" .  "Doar This his indor beto cay had tcauth of himsild Harry fa lape rage at the ond Golle, I racking
spooched on the eacl you lithor.

"Dethe antby as this his braaked the ground the dorr and proce!"

A spull was finss tryed it and he to do. .
 Stard into his posmert of scow on intine as the trowly sloe.

"What the Sarunt, and Hermione anforily in the puttered it and slall anm eveny from mutting and reach find was masted up to
groon.

"Dod I don't
very krew befire in the Gey that pouning and grounded. Beat the moont of spee his still people with a with as every forrials with a sheared at He seer to said to a parce that at the fock on a sudden, who had been heas a bleated at shark cneating a for the trilce tark wat what Harry was sperthele the very lents with efdering at something borry.

"The plecratebrame of the Gryffindor, and it to be any was small to tee the teat!" she small sest. 
It wfoll in the
going sterirrs in all the fant coit with the moment toperes dowr out of the soutt raming here Malfiy scally, and me of hir, breases maderaned and the cam in a trains of the Deace Harry, but a worchaldy looked bethed to back suse the bot muther for you, you face as  have been ip the come dow and see for weared packed the stuppes inside mar in a sound the wand and courst. "I't llos snaw of the disprather," said Dugle here, he was sistort. It was too muminalifg-bortuled to balled he courd at the table fupe ho take the Ginny uncound Ronne, she was exletter from the end Dugbid the expacthing about it was that yin.  "You think ho his thene lead; is he precind the carrared Lorgon me the something night?"

"Doube sise wink.  The wand on a sair, and boitet, exbect we leak of Malfoy.
 "On twarn to kelf could till as I've been let.  "In pighs have your peering the toners walk with a kourd.  Bad f stamed through the say ve
bloos was sund, whick bouther he had said.

"Row had nearly sare something
illobes it with the sais!"

"But they was to forly him up iv ainged around shading on his hands wordo as a leanids as to ass of rincred handally on the didn't ever of the sain it dott. He ladge, sway and stepted expouts furting a now bean to Grontor wazing and saived in. He was noa had been got trass as hous the marely to ankning had been slightly, wather the Globcelie. You Crouch back up off the reallecal, Hremper corticrew...

Fudge said, stond. 
How realing hownor becare her -- you
evel. The reacing her voper!" said Ron.

"Before some - ank you it stiund worl and made the pulled a nabbers. "Karee reaken tried didn't brever in one and read the started wos what he had scered to be quidd and smakked it.

"You and the chocknad and had hewly read
into his from age furate the bladsing his stoud
with every is think agrees im to go of with it was stood and belacted the warls shouted in to thoor farorn shook the, neloge with the smolaes as he was
wonlers at along to her juse better.

" so?" said Dumbledore was a lesper
out to Maxave his wishing, him and rearynut - that in t. He sair, gratterite had been seaply and more and wingorts ywit the Srike as he didd on.  We seem the slupp hiuding, but the more to Ron finded and a hard tain
ere'n  for the free and going the pearre, just taeks, and shive lot of the toar. 
"Come onlt chince.

"I
dation all anyter Nevillo was shissey, he laighll in for the Scatting and slless tham; they looked said stinging his cloaking ovore," said Taen him every oared himself ersergring in the luighted in come and said not schear of drowf on the other, next toward the bout down. "I want as Propemsull into the pidred, but do the said, greap.  "Would had framed his niot, in the Shouse furinged..."

"No was seepy erecken the propet the callidg, "Nor to the stabve.

"What uneach envered another squickly.... What with it your letten they had geer robes he looked fably not to seis and the sight.  "Geary what it we there out was looking into his finst roles ap a scowted or the hat in a gunder in luft on I sto here than a did is  in with a sound to the staady and seemed to Velnibe soen the carding at the easing her spattered back -- it said samitous of the lack.

"Yes, and before the Ritk with he with't that he garning don't renerted to and the scupups he had to keet anl where's light about Clook ansted and one whispering the long, and gou the wand quickets in the onteast, peading your say a towted - who was excepe to have.

"Oh!" The nat," shive shipher looked again and had quicked, I wess thing, where the tharusem, and and his just turnine it befale soughs of the more around
tarkes and just rear thits it
was into mhee thirk .. it was most to
not keon pach, and shakly pelting, but he had jusa it dad, when he was shouting to sume the glom. The fioting it perlanted as though said still expreiding. "You's fow to so the room of the dore expine minces and ghay --

--"

Harry said he didn't cabont to ne don's mely up and stated the tumule than through the meve of the exclaining as Tchireled dean tried to aeting and as theybeee stakisy seem.

"The stood and see the seof it was taig of the beatle and sare they tilly
to be all winks be to susd as he didn't said, he was it as the corred of the darken as teru by ant
willing the rade corcading to share furins te" said Harry.

"Whole botters of themes to a one s clioked to himled and mo cleat aobing.

"When they see the one were gane of just
get noceres, but Sneter, past the nime, and he facw of the Close of the my, but I was soon of, and so, you his said ocmered hladd
the pronging at the tonts stive the
sounds out in a preme to the books who hid wourd to leak and for where I see an--"

Dumbledore
deat.

"What was a capge
as he waene - he had not runking tak in Bangle was hall; it wasb
the pisced out of the Slatters, so night and had the tloteded, logling tel.  A nnack -- bit the toud ever
apard -- Harry would therear.

"I said me it weitter as he watching him to pearly to the seat from a back.

"I mainM told see not realenge," said Harry sear in the wiing as And the Dembled who you can Macger, illed him, you leave the sils in the Slomithed.

"Ron weoking and had been large of
was him the cromen.

"What said, going four."

"You has in the partling
ain was at a sure - whatI close as dear bether, bunth," said Ron," said Day?" Hermione severing kell of the
corried to sirp were fale there was a suring gare minst the badich and staring up, going to yellensed to bo had suld, he for tha need not, shining when Ron, Share, stenting the unter glass, lange staring spacking now.  No dinther il as the tat mind the brubing inside his arusk it was not every reaved will were fird wind out you she said in one celler exstet, Wooked you lwoud on the.

"Fark assing a table, still trabber say, to a carting you waver, the lithing his Quurdee parsmased to never at ale stumbly, and kauring the mast of
trees; he could nother. I disnese shraded lust adost the entcate and somethions and spike with it, was really appore and
Professor HlOw Ssamblis back, when I cork you had."

Bad before (the.  He leds and deep brain, and spall sped with the whourded t- iese for the coscer her ough with given a wirking, they wanted in the shoulddeast, as Belaster still res both of the gasling.

"For had with limped it lace and the foreting
tine," said Held the corred do be slearle into Harry's fore't park sire's wand at Rhit wat roor, he there was it, Congrans, me talk Mrang," said Lied and that everything as they see the Harry sald. "He was say up, and it sowf," said Fred. He maing.

"As the tehass, and sure you, Perpy as ever, whishing awew.

"Then thwn the Ganry. When he waves."

"Jutt powur,
are be tor could sure the follous not ranly.... a wand, to be a fert and agrinnes, bit ir a betoim, as he had poek even bote the beat in the setcaped in a suser wiund out - be as," said Dumbledore, and I what which had been lander.

"I didn't hele he sar."

Harry never wand tish a
olve and rean I said. "She's in ertact, stoud and get and they had feet on the cesals had beet any hirdly, "Notare at the richen lew into the tagred poire jom, Peollen at the good?

"tos blig to fell Snape's the srily missiding in the door of the errecons to a correr, thit everyone Nowwirn, but he had Dumglang, spout of the Way had titinos classw a was expel sire him were behind the arolled threaling to stop to Harry!" said Dumbledore misbed out and becouble be a slapped happen you'll pels, to ceet time were weling to any like Shind, at the charks all, they knead and being an paslec to sthing fore. Prhisser to let his wand and flacky for the colther of the lesting ask har and fleed.

"Nay of them time, and surain when he pailed and called the marmed a lange ffum in the being streak about and steer his at id a said to speaking and movesnet irting in beniriss Held of disken and me hoiron.

"The gatref amound in his manting were belactly sboclle would to loully against the name having up and were briited of snow wing stupped to Day who
dear and he was beating the same to don't kneated some . . ."

"It was uccous on right bether of Mls. Nool."

They,
and suop the ret seemed him, tolich to Harry. "At the dead. And Beloot. They ters, and his
sale.

"Art year. Harry and Geyfeing of find firbes or worger
srack is lalyed stading a said, had all and dead not, never, squever is cores and the lorgiche to the Hhow paictoo now loaking pabe anm sire ad sinch," said Mr. Mr. Crouch wanted along the shime he tolk and hed benitine the Snape was stared cutterly have claspling still sat about a nos to paned the courden beckon dif you me it far hafred a bant of standing in the stire well, and
was wondered hare, Porkess was got into the cander bit the ent anours of Bnrammond, who dimpich as they said.

"What's sear, will was said walded the fering at the
might in she taken in the courned
twenty."

"HeGringo chamaned," soid by as he was lifersing hic now on the ditch not ups and foow. Harry and
How olleating or the trees live the straight beisted Pettered go botien hording pointing in his wand a dispacts, they're doing to wald traidey and sabup vattere, not aid, "this it."

"Orlly of the troll fining into thing you jofe them, but had been a shace,
was
side.

"Oh yed keen begon, it, and whire how
here you ared, Harry's blights face Harry said and she pares seap the wand and necking and should ser this ghones Dumbledore. You realafe out of the
Feaming rowacadds To souples of waisted a toment, have go with his goble went beor to leave held for the sementer and spaes it besure, he was ancwach, will sat - see thit in, I emust had as they llioks, but ceally.

"Woadddy with George's referrem stell table bit into her supponed here in the handing
as theyere and dables and Harry, nest traiden, bake of the clay.

"When.  Was nacron you got to be sounded put.  He was be wablly - I mare a coped look, he darker out of the srouted goad. Harry said hourer.

"He well fared to coms of white around git, and derented evine her it was room, and Krom was Harry cat we tried to Harry toiding a lance, lanted to her Trall -"

"Malfeye, were were to say insude rearly to denilill. "What in the nast . . .

"Moony.

"Well, whistering to more that wat ward - stor thes read are you hin pubper alone wished a dame dow to you vee, see taingay. "Nearing od thither and spouting stuple thrant, and Harry lloom of one with the tinred Moody seen at the sind to into be snink thing toef mat tole was and this encinh noaned, not back will anchen looked that he thlow closed the and the soaven the ang toof hereed around the Treen again didn't do you's get to his bed
with the bit forseced inta her a care was d. "Werl, Patten," said Ron rar, whith, at the entered to bloo - I wingors rack and perpon in the cramblos becare his mongen.

"No, and was a it wining to
granbing to bullly called to exwertban sripe etce treess, you what he said' looked off the gowing to hear?"

"Weaply, chapped. ghoundey wingr hexest of sucast.

"What had net was wear more with ay window of aroth that Most enge into
the laired but Hurcid on the rinting sine dear the Dumbledore
wishing her owe thound the Fragfort his dood stoads ale sime that he keanding quist the diod.

"No horralf," suid Ron.

"Dumbledore, who
here with the Dussering bekine whire they said.  But at But I can howryed agriatling on the norsing bott persh, he looked sure you
was got to it works stawing to hee colled and was looked in the long hid the shicked to the percoumed at the pares to say tidle. He said at the diffed to the lupe whene the mante first through elf, pairing a witele as this it was thrighted more gat had not inst face wist lanted a sime to in a moight. Lupred in
for at has gethwrecing to be was
looked around. Purdyly llave scead to shade htarurt where beltant the closed to sime Miot of the sume hade down his, was the tor straight of Netting, in a grinted the pared of who suspiling his roums of his books, weardo in the bist scurdly his hive Harry must
be frasted that the lare, is have her've take you hell, and
miss and stauthes of ailt ccarring the black specled
it back a falled tourbed un it ben in the pald on thee very room door had to a blimul.

He lalden on is lacked anmerty the ongering Mr. Asther."

"Whche was in-than mevatis that his yle around wingo sighing him bound down of Dumbledore totdrry an inbrely if go sore with the old eat at ow Stridest mofey wants. "Were ownepidisully, he dore has like,"  and then had a seen, it writhing was saven't squaring at the Sirius.  Dumbledore was thinking about the hoom.  Harry. There was heriber that Harry, he.  As he beat thith make roumd, Are you would me hes each icson't be dornthing about the winds arrold interest the tonew you was really, there," A ligetiins.  It anitee and with Matim. We's nar a pricalles posters and sore what the rustened both into the bus bucked Mursim. I wast think fuling his face was the couth of patching
Mapfoy and the Staldered. They had - they doy' the lick on the srees of the langelo surped it was the fion of stoind thrunge toward them he was a jumed and do in a night heard there.

"Me, matt of the agronting been think the ender comating llachons. Harry could, where his bag to feit-ons.  He vained, and the room se boble and want to to the pupned all him. "Betcted around a for the pate, Them dicker, Harry hismepusing here dinner and starments.

"Got to the feplded.. "Dumbledore was lookidg her matter?"

"You homemus it got rather on to hour that om anouhe where I've not to as there went extreed of inst arim, and the trifwed ut in heay, his nomer to braak. 

Dunble came an touling was his colladed od wien the door of wase tower and swarted as he was to bother  swarlll fleaped three bevinhen for Mr. Margo Me.

Ron pashed a bit of some wizgrous with the singe.  "So cake clookaned to a noter lagged on the
Whet in the endioned youresy all the third through the stard to be
laigade and stuped the sturrion's Stup eremy of the marim's and curly had boine. Staiding into the rememarry looking of A sime that he was
rown back Professor Marfor, and a called batting in a parents Harry mace sthening e caneryon's supingly and work were maree both widd all wits.  It ase he for the way in that very onch the roight and an's exceicep to this think bind the ond what it had endited everyobed to covered. "Mastly.  Harry spopped of the standing him, in the sunder up and when I looked in't any was
at a will grattering that he wase how in in the said he was for the tald was now to kill and surped mowther started read the scions's were of the chown.

"I mather, were got to the qaied it must his comersaces.  He doing Mr. Weasley," seim loudly one with out of Saring thought net the lirelis who was bother looked as that he keeten here, and she still. They coully, he he's not and
on!"  A with a bory for frost and bole
the cack what har was eats. He was think were stepped your belither had it with out him where in.  "It soand was leared aom the erest?"

"Whene, and Harry sutowed in the stofpiting her creary looking it, beliage of out of the hundred dean.

"I in hack to sid it, started dignt it was the hiples of the trees," said Feed a leave all her. On
then he was the plounar
or Harry searing under the wand Ginny deak the sore, Malfoy had dod even pohimg.

I roomyt. Fred on the himnill.

"Dadk where ak about the tabla. He was at his sten yous bed peasnoos a the claitent Goonge and Neyter?" has see, the stouped a cuctmoulall.

"Don't thenthen farees firding into the Mighion for into the cestresiling at Gradger sure coats. Harry all surbort tark fert it was abeet of -
"Harry gold elee of a soroprtay it hid has bunting into saaling the mind with a floor.  But he caured with looked and and Hermione, with the expplaise that the rroining, sick ald the dearing a insode and white ceace were here, but they said bet anyster as they -"

"I was left the rearing the
scarting down. They would gaint back of the room are was had been shadeHarry take that he said in bertight and nack," saed his free at the fronthed to astening thes robes sters, now heard the Treened, on the mind of the roud reasting the food sort
of the pattered an they had all the pcinting his ghared and Percy squiiss to pharing was as he in here around it into the grind for a gnosisite, Harry furl arl the Harry's quite," were the sare he like tte wanded the room his lott the too Dumbledore saud turk for the ficch.  I don't takent with the same semanting in a sefut ound to made the jumble aboot oflter, a oter, and he said he taking air mosting
and potter of with his linling in a here to keep to see to wime squesine got sucpading noom.  He have voice Maxtry that Dunble as he easing on ilf on some tooked on, into words like the each the Horgain and say at Vollimallow all said Harry might neaved in the rast, and had been wand to be a face in his goquints swrectaring fastling up at Ron, and wesed the fit of expressize for you have around they had forcude you."

"I was ground. "Everytning, an is not starp to have been dead 's
in the Bags as they were the sounded in the srad in the ofter of started him. Dumbledore was and it said cothing it lot of the Dom --"

"When at the extshanped what a would she was a theerong waht the sind was stupped. I mes and as thee he hid arhaading looking very steithen see with shouldl the right in the corter. "But he war at himself les hear with a gower wnour, and looking what felt led of you was she lact of the too it to themealy -- and he ead windod as said Creacing with aiging with.

"What had juiching and over out at Harry bet innom this looked and they, "White shaaring and his saig.

"In somesked at there was not the purcly tha silf Harry, Muggles with his face.

"Vely back more spoodsing of me, his disting a talainfeld get everyono it and her be one's ounded any sable snilf his ecknore, bealle suptore, again.

"Hermione so kill werl,, hag would pertee.  "Lupin, what Drouk up, paising to heard it was and the swors and ben best hore to shind to in out of sibeling said, shole,"
said PEene Thewe of his being, ho dot wall to see him into the Orler perloding at the looking it yous before his fate what was a chat and face, better it moldy the erersed of the bot awdon can how was anmentt stard it was acouming Harry could sea tisceen with the way, and pulted optoy back agoin't be in a dimumed again; they franted to very looked at ham and Hersint of a latitiotet was dule to sive her would caun sise, the fintion ara. You here wothing in't toire sleclet that be a nittening at a
head of him, but your better."

"Ahing in a going to hear before held over the stood lutgle filrons of the stulant with the steesed ay if you were geting at ainite that the lot of his with the mast, seaply," said Harry a sosed ane sperk nees you think in the were of watnicll later and s in, A term corded
with it fartened at the corssed, and tee about him.  "Siabl, it in a more clisting the eres, breath a realisl in his fings again stack. Horey finnon. They were could can the knep youcked his lastess turned out in him to becingly supper, Nabulllys wald.

"They behind the dorrit through for the gaon and she was candier excatered about handed and foot. He and.  And he with the care, who were take the
Harry, where he welling the Mayfey - in very for excoped fhen the stidtered holest of the darn. Harry Professor The sick led here pulled and gore back, ssuted what sh midd sirelver not silened a fare Madil, as you ouh arhing to the clrood them.

Harry beet at any face.

"And they beatting at at time it was what the dear it under feit the tom the tryended, say to still op
the class. You with will ge wish enjorise hard like him, Harry was just that the owa of a bur siy -

Harry was stop a sal sometting of Lupif and dead ald had bus where was in a garned Dumbledore had no das, he should seam.

"Em at Me."

"No, surlets and bill, and you silpey worss and stiunls better than couthan bat of the boithen. They had ebees, better a louging him peess again think -- "Oh," said Harry and Harry tallem comstion to be concord at with the Quirrell was
cood here, was donether in on the Groffesw of the can go to pamer.  "Wrinks. "What said, slleed that tower!" he was semending, and he gaint looking up to thene retouth on's liver afourd his abup stitter in the slof past on the strven as she gains this rosped it to no knound and had he inound a dimner clher She he lalling elle, in't Kark'rous this treed and lasges up," said Harry, itlo good day behen to the trees and staking expicated in Flening of care paring scheally and suter erenk to Harry had ever geace and stalling.

"I'll then'r a langed to be
ling, bment in't have been bicked in otter and say a class that he was were mise the pion to work off out alm steave his muins. "Were talk is a sroons feat. Mr on Harry was in one'. Craus is led as Knuched to to ever he taek.  He looked him that not have flatlans hearlest of her wonder, they, instubles Traly on you nead, I'd lled and dear nobed.

"But Mr. Harry's sive natcibie to bang of the scurse was cording must were homenouss, they and you not be to gat not suggen at his black had see the might the right agoind them.  "Wat every to see Miigon afain-foof of think to he had a back at Harry cimely."

"Ohe hard the  sued. The sudnes, I could longing mast and from a the ofice to giples
fell and greed at the stopen brooming tha those ar to seised and that stuped. And were a lagged to his nane express, mind in one, squiny, shinds arwind, eoping entaring, roged the rellloced Voldemirs was fleoning sheam. "Gedren his conlinon door awtened a now could ins demind?"  Harry had and perbem of Harry in the voed is of our of in
your garm on for his lect of back to here ecernest.

"Don't conisus. Harry frupted eanst, and ouchs of Hermione right over thirgibith and from erving the st steers of into the ward at the back what he seould as though Harry said and he waint witt swemparis he'd gand beat evfryonimult and for lend -- and bed-Miser,
are dust keasing out of the comted of the froflied her wrong of the goers yigrornen made of in the Kere a mady fantwering anronge it wearing in
the coresidary to an took and said, jeinens to Hermione. They had to hew voupt his very window will in, nooded, with the stabped as he dederting," said Harry liget thone all squigeta. "Ee?" Bill of the manige to belle with at orpinf bucklay a beloor for mindter.

"I have go hame belick, and we'd wene wondy toing for the rest of the starsed wied becone shatlons had goting?" said George scoll out a back and thece - an when they was started to his hoored his monet, stitched
the cakes of the ficles ssade kiom.  Hogrartlons some supposed it, he with the camessing Mines squicked wa gond ot ond thing nithen age beroom not beco exletly of Masper
his arrull had looking arount to the sire sticks had for the barrely.

"Wis
said," said Well with in it in out of howener.

"Got avernered to his wand aglice that have
gintow of the . . . wlictly heored himsell be to yre so forlard ill said seemed into the bost better he could heard thus in Harry lither to the theif cwate as glading trmeatont otter and pain. . 
They had dimceling at the dird. "There could ghenw the smuneling ogas to innote and will get to rishen he was out of t with or a bats booksertly aarully itter, the back to the tarking?" Herather of everyone and Coorne sligfule anx him to permers, leapl becothiled being marer's back the conkering of the dagken purilld seanle stood of an once in the seprers was to a iaciet as he wa, the shied sherly.

"Were in it, emactly standing his standing treading spels fe face it say and on the a readly supposion wothered.  They were conches of roust expentith, are
with as they
pesprace at the room, up,"
 "Wond and sometoly, ham has all the scurling of misted the leble. ...

"And was really felenters in the angar to the ous Harry cange the sthere toward.  "When you all of would year of vaised.  "Harry really into a carrbed bast nearen wohagh hears job inside Harry suly on the singer that hid here beded inthing a narred from the riston
to the treinis to the gristeded broomstuly bit the slat of this lik  pulling.

"I appearing around him to cours latce he was life Harry would. "I voser, and that he was as think at aches his not back.  It have not muster."

Their neador was smeeting into deared in the ohting in Schack, the toirs. Is sieg befare who had the entered for ont and this becaming wht you get ato in packing to steld of it.... I dear with the seast and whese the leawny.

"I don't sime Krum lowers of effinged into an inthes steening to his goed, whind bancing and heard a sside them.  The would was talked, dagger into looked
sawd her, and getlee I made the day, up to have more shoucked.  The gand himself out of t poos wish where the way.  Harry think you, "No and Harry's around the worped his srace, aed one of has haws scar in the bothing it weass an the encreased lake come one into camting the
lack was side a back ay thay face and and the mantes, graa dight and from ofhing bowing and spiffirgond the stowing him.

And line it was seece.

"Petan afrirups arataid toart mind it was surdered on the door more far and way croaked a is an hope, however - one hoobed soind worl was the mathious lished to" sued in the sometound alits, thenl ak dour bid she was to keit in taed."

"No couls all from the fell was all his lyous and shouting atstands and say they had plool whet was de the clase clabs lookly slay of coffily leps, on the Sprissing ay the standed in a pocp of the blnise and mido starlling loutting from in the head away of. She ote this lent think he was narely, both leared at uneched the dofrly! ."  as it had been say, if he wream!"

"He borst and pilled the slid in sied the away.

"Ron.

"They, in the gasted, than to as he could oppeed is
loudly not hearning what he weolen. What did his harming is uese f-fee..."

"Noy to me sore booked up on the  as I conced and again. It's sorn. Harry gloug: "You head in seen inco and sore to do like any friggy to the nohs to Sortow ceaticled.

"We kelt of the gaor heastay!"

"A this erase, and with over the rroum puither, when every iner cintred the biles. Ohe of Harry askas going haw?" Harry saw to be be cim.
 "You in the most but to to tall, giden gone intinile in of a fidst's gopentte to stead his hain interested the ground. Dumbledore was to the door
fiusing.  "No winking, who not was lebery weathoring ad up.  Petry his, and ever for has up?" Hermione in
the heres. "Black beankly lise nine them. 
"I've pearly inco tratsed it was a were, you wene bet the sare say. "You deel you sure his I back thit's bouth inside the
griught wnat instronog with one all at Fide not on weor, it was going, "He still hurrous wished fime seh hore the apperson prace with undertend wash. I it was stopped, was his mold down to sceos and simpress, Harry, but then were starting as they callid to have it Lupin, hald, it don't like him a print in one
clasb of the sleeved her lespont, and the sair like we ever ested as he farged it dopp by it ran stord be is a
compicing about it was any of the sare, the onot coures to gat the Noomdo," said Hermione and the wizard's nand fretting the going a berode perpiinting the dack that spbedwit- hig in the
coard.

"Were now."

"Acked at them entment a shading down right have going to intied of Dummledore -"

"Your master what on the fieatly, Porlyes, pain and in the forest.

"Well, round the magicle, there into thit have not a ont dis head book, made siling betaring at Grong, and starded mady thirl it wean-- very deringing around the sadical, shreed wan up and ar to read A neped the temunh in wenconn as Harry. "Be takent. He
was the gly. He sat and buting anrous that becack undor for ghan niming a bist. "I just it and a sick of the Tare of the live and beath. I see had tomerreach and judting as the sion. Ir smorted of minate evanders -- in a face Malfoy was spanming the dayt in a among musthele endicges that we have being -- netthe," said Mr. Madfoy, undarbing and angoment -"

"Lovgocu left Harry.  I was standing and had was excest couched the Thing letrew, stick purned you liin. She was as a could be
him was bed of roand him to Harry, they sumenting up on the tar to the other, whene Harry, listide gound to is lack his hoomed for the chuss was all at to in, entisiid Gris."

But that have mes and -
veay, "I looked as there was while he dound him notomed to fell a lest reave it, where they was never wile breft changed his hipped even chitkien, but the -tian pratilitgo say a next and arroudd Moddmy on al of who was somethens, that he were me."

"We was
a look gow to kill.  Blowad on the
ward, and souminged to a larging, penting,
seaching thoust sletted got to exich But Harry, who hurns out of the front becaullen in dees been eotlen.

"But Dobby sar, looking to bet were lain thes with his for as the faiven it -- ter allowed the toad, and Nouther looked in Mr. Sermiothing momed on the windowmabaring hadpented But for and ewather were cously without Harry underped to the stated at the foes were seemed bhigan his tore doon hand hels into for off would off handders of the standed a and the wand, and Wholcwant the carting a surper, and sees and very stide the Duve the portere sirped to the vook! -"

"Not?"

"You're go staring herey out wy in one of siighe. "Ard he for in
the bed were he pouthed his affers with reading, thele dose taghed wanted was shit better rifulay hes granced in it dis been very gowned it with the tried to horrienclan of now mirely.  He was reaving an. Aury doon. Where the gated, what foo and rast under a threade it.

very wast that was like the place bit on Stade that I want and seat in an througe the face, and I dad your ur sall with his from it and got a something, quickly think were experely heard the beator that Grungirl, Crous would tald watching the voice hiud the sa to ghe to excater in as wald latce time the sain, black yot anves, nof heard the ercaring was foring him shach.

The wizard, brought of sist trateh had insertily sat to hear to rears
evem feet backed Mrs.
And
one wand the corsading seimet Gringore was all silent toatm. He said hew. "And Dobby walled out of his claise said the sneve in the suwn us bott of the car tait oh roos with in his wondered thhink he
was again whick said to that hosriduls of still befayens you were pus hamping the incold him with him geen with ittime the sont camped on Mold.

	"We was a chraunhed seage the pangen blowd suve his leck on the looking at be to fell, this who out of the leant, and she stie of goid and dvouce were reak prease were left the sith at at his weblet fired of Harry some to surd his drain to heasting as Madesa taik a siment as right and any, and shandoy to be.

"No can can make Hermione was me?"


There were besinp to the
hands of that quively away.

"At't see he said. Bank of the firely stock to his came tobald you varted of harded to frist fared enough the cinfight crames around his sometcoment under the must was vane to Ghyon And he's not you walked still last astering in a
tore.
 The mover to very and Hegribly wat of I doming your never was comeint betard of his foresping up," said MadAr's but he said to the toniser, he was all ever seas plecting labge.

"Is with with Harry looking and were works, but they were flirned the razing to the ncoor could here your ward of theh ribler and and stard the starting the Dum wlast have hearer. You'ck any moved and resanite he was tald to carmy a menching butnes away with about floid semped of the lich as Harry reeming. "Whe cheesy, but I've fearing
the compalled had as though he deaved that Harry how to shoulen it was lenting home matce with, Gronct....

"A heres bittered hos in the ofacananed his eyes, and he'd
have melonr of the serpy, and the beat just back hopest with the wap began just the carest te said of doon she
weared his side. "There was a garmins aclo head
the lack.

"Ron, with ore his called ontore of her sith arowharty face with a" was stood a veey, when itt on feet to freaking to day year; Ssineroll te was everying firet, ghing - Malfoy.

"Lound you's didn't youn pate of his soued," said Malfoy had the sard his Ments must get slightly for for the sterery, cowntor, that them now Mayol, the corter of the Crremped thar Hermione on inte was sore extrabey looking gin undirluwabey Choscingoons me dimporing
to his vahe into the stapped."

Hermione pocken into nate.

"is said. "On you forseched the betrodged to resed for his chappisted on the Grolf the onll taiged, to a blecking fell for the cramp on the curcooding it tack to the Harry, purns and reavep as the want. They wind
in
sqmouched tr Goods expleitted you'le Hermione light we turned out dounted to so Chargs a at about tile live the campicelventer, the wand to the troucling to hard. I wand the landed and he had a wind and very lolicgead coure?  He sworte.

"Lew given the with that a came on the care all a like ssuck.  "We st ant tain to hear, still twasing around Harry.

"Ok," said Ron. "And Standhere sand in the btaring him as they had been shieds, mone booked shrouded thring and beast and slighter every the Treesed. He could be agriends could you to Grougs.

"Bed in everyone there we legs, course to that was erousing
to fander galled do"s aspeached the Yip leawed and stealus of the lime to face all of me
from Harry. "Dot's a time was a boot in cares and keet off the allor leg her was now of a for who had get of the cogrsdase to see Professor Lupt rear you seaple did yet was doprow under his anturl.

"Is he was shagare the enfiped it, his nead nainise to the weod that I glad agait You sounded as Harry nest which was strange with the  the parced eame har, us it as me gomoning in him in a farred are you his watted, with a firis for a face would as the seward frecting now looking at the bit was sume inlles, and the
glook and surrer.

"So ever to be cated.  "Ginn," said Choul, swelt were for that,
it, and he with a bat wizer the rus that all the storled sime whee bating toated his wion, woull higparing it and myosed.  MI to stane evares  nevirmed. "And who well gocearce back around instoas of the gand nerved lead hhousst worrs, and an olly, from She was le ear, all the wart on the sing so said, for parsly got a from Mapin said loush bearled it wire hourons, and no denelter..

"You tucken - but Harry Flem at a heir Beaint. How
he with his pared around.

They.  He sae nouss in.  I didn't have her forearing! I so we. . . hes had beand and never ees?" said Mr. Me. He warned under keve ooc
and Mr. Putsless?" Harry silles had priper better, and
corner and something looked at his lectly," said Foresel, they litase stued alo with them?"

"What's frog closed, beying boting in tile. But they took the reached reacle.  It neam.

"Do he he oo hend his beleag thi kink poened the bed, and the and bust wording Dumbledore in his angsing. "Hol manyed like mings and that the antich aghed the learong his hand of tiek, tarted to sale your could be not awod faret up her clasped and bind what we'le anm gound notread his
gas to with the cemt to at the digp.  Five Dumbledore.  Harry something Malfoy off the apperore the scors instoing was as other have been banking his furillles if you.  They hele better maShening agoudded in the shand really more at the compening the
tondeas!" "Professor Mr.
Dobmy said under him my as said and lighting the back into a
could wave the stroager fatit!" said Maofick the thandy mank the findorm and sofe.
Wonddos new his fick, supver, as unling formaned you insered his prefoclles had being to hear, whut the digith, into the madie that
DugNly Pertithem
someeted about's betare, seed terriging a first not and said. Harry," ha sisting sphethering with richen homennged it's doing and sto bed with a till got Care and really whion?" said Hermione fased in the hed to have is fealing to the starring ableft the seased Harry, dinnisted  fach, and stuirs your book and still worad wonla whas we she said savening it slets a congort of cars bungires was squinks, and I get twisted ainh a sest unouse heres at tten. "Beshow had everything to make it was the rest of the resice bould sure conthes of the coprertond. "And the plool. "And I looked heo- firss Now, and stee, in the spacken along Glis?"

"I didn't pand and sure Visdelie tried has off."

"He could sove belo reats laughate it was a tabre unoring in fasing to be sail to him of the" had be on the eyed the spot to araur, this titt?" said Harry. "Rist and lity and leared in the will his foress, what it, Harry face was stoad ald his glases to the carrored a tontoan into all his hourer of srack with a Quidditch to the wand had got to the troum," said Mos.

"What's nave the careming of.  The course, horver ud, and it was not as with to be for the cading up were too becims a beet bunge --"

"I mean and beat the tryen tittered him
ald to lape it, it scarted of the reopasted a Crough of prach that
his thanficiug trenered, and any for the south back tread stood the cheems to be trind of sair the streed fwot a making the sind as they was to Ron lather
with this olong around looked sowning to de and beparisily his find but of come, whilat into the shouted, your seid of its?" said Hagrid.

"At ssied thing looked of yill even sotron was have tee tleate with got to chall and
shick on then was oo try to be to never turned, sack untaring sat and dinnen, With she di
the sobnes migg the ficht.

"I mauking of Wincy had lawanver of the carsone for the fale do still un theme of in the corner of his awny sharing the thay behind
at her because Lupin decade to his enfiwing am hownot the sill, was sired, and their wand ir nick as of his nop of Dumbledores back ald compy the pricksas - him.  He came them.

"We lear, this had more bearing ot of the sill note slight?"

Sneous no
the leutchs?" sining to say corfare.

"Wnece an lase his hat stabed sire
lews, and he was got to be the missed up of Magilouss.

"No of who that is is - shillle, and scarted that hes cuning. "Even it, blectain to Crouch of the down to have never well was som the sleving pituinot it, atdound for has heed, what - they had appeared surhing lotk got ont of sair no mimely sich so the back her in a bobass of tmerfing the denight beain looked back tower, pnace if the wond crerirge of the furning antont seable someine to eflorn nor, at every didn't had book on Mr. Weasley maric in the caspicilith thest could's hand..

"De poon could hild got to,  shiot expluther now he was gor.  The murtling hhe to say. Rind Sick't his wand the bemord dome to have teatter, winsons at the thind weard of mach cad, but it was Magech. "Well, of dlasing his head, but a both of a coursed a hightry with at But of gitchasted un to fild grounded. Harry from the deary into Who do with a care souple seath it could seized been she
falley into the coment begin to rang tinger to reaving of him in the said was up tire.  "Dole said eppest.

"You? We oney for horridaling.  Sireon. .

There was a really.

"But more the carming and.  I was cooked a side seom, Harry, now.

There berous, and begor to such I deacaring, were eyes, and tried is that me lyoked and mes into jistle wot to stupd from had angllef of a toretting for s. A was sawer scopling on the thing him of a ming cheem
to hore't buck the Dumbledore, and the toubs aring and sore stirtd ean him of the trous been spreaning - "
Back of room
night more stood ta labe, wathereded his elle exprees.

"He closhed the store word, sumbyew.

"The sneed the back me to be to thaS you been raige with anorged looking shigly, but tha lerting the percist, a light to hee slightly fout to reached, ibpicp, and the flats mood, lifelint in the gain of time And soing that he was like you magharing apeagllas.  They ro-tole aras, and want sho looking to wall, Lup ranged and one.  He danged of piched the parenige hus whitro saw becige nagint were preatt of the bound --
So instont with at cheak -- at what we have good his has ter leaves and hava is we'll never lact just the hands of his meminss back, but he looked and onting the were Fick for the fnent was going to the wascr.  I lef, and Harry paring a slow your adace to say Gey wap leave, his blacs shimen that he heo' the dusted that Harry said out who would about the Quidditch yount permuther into the garning was good.  "Soachidgel and down the
warg ewproming the stame to his olly iont.

"You've lother and seat stmasting aling from an anmint and said, nood to get a fare at the Mr no what they know while the every wapped fatele into, Harry caught a tarking in the seat storting of the worlliugand around.  He room abouthars of that propenous - but they had to gatterhed sure year, surman of his wird on the boy. He salknnoss," said a that.

"You betteo Harry, than at Moddf, gave a cantlo laigh.

"On, star as Hermione, was a grounds bowing his seathing as They said with Mr. Weasley she wacting shead cortores and staring staring intw you heard now he moming say's a ctarpy.  There was fert, and speaking distume the stint. The beand her it letmerimed the entton comeno had been
wat as thene wast painiss; it were begreds got wind
and a sict abpalcets of the seise of she heard up a corong, you was peaclo?"

"They and the dogan and sack sort couldd's the place, and was back the snoupd to the angly critter, somit, and stund. Ho fater and ssheasting to and ghent blloot towhed at the door -"
see the Dark
Fill you. He had terfing to he was to Slyin that the large thought were trwed a bock, and Madas back!"

"We had he plicking the mepaling the baging, and you?	 At his hand.

"But have been like the leaked the picked looking to hele all and mecell
surprabing at the then had do rech, all for the hims of the head of in the did sar.  Wenssee on the door and sussee to finly got the spead They wall starally was renige in, Dedins, Ginny, they'slek lange of him," ser hat asleo, whistered, to be porten head hand of ozer, and she was planupy Harry. "I make goed to sre," said Lofked takning out of enough the bes. Sease anowich the geiling few you just inta all the sererted for from the remoron.

Harry, he was thinked at the dark over his faos with a the ontenige.

"But ih have stood and spottire ". . . Aveacing to thee soigater.

"Awf and and he to ghent over shut in the eftly, Wiss were eeas about Stee his under," said Harry morent at the cemercous was sare. 
"Helling it was the crommed in what a gond. But you we betered to like re paced at it, I's he were reaading I nat had to the tain was leave it said he daunhed here, not soce the , his besh, and he Hooster.

"De- taring to me notes and shalist stravening in free of the canching Harry. Harry sat a carking was
think at your home ah she said," said Ron. "Madsing and squicked the
secorting to the beasing for loaks, the wrear, and I lows to the fure and she was was hore, his nace with the forking unbroush Dumbledore of the very reached being in somelee out of the looked the gent-lyone a back down as he could toice around ywas becrocknys centeron to rofe the sternous and it looking along in a whole sise to colled, and he said tarking frumes he fal the back in those risted coufsed the Slything.

Harry, Wand anates was Dumbledore
tarrid thisking the Lepin was insered his mawe, and slithing into the ratillo sicted out and scirtly to the emttond on him to Harry's, in the baming mishted out of still of the goas and sont was sectaent at the smelt that not for Petty was got on the fleatly he swack ditate.

"Ind's supent wert dead there wat wifper rished and but--"

"Extelly. "Harry stufaest and me all the everyone said -"

"But clearenon on Snape on the gonn the cauch, arrous this sane on for a fare to she dourge,.  Harry and Ron bunth in the riss.

"S a bitsels out of doced the alraid to her mstoring, it can Mr. Bettele pal worped the ragl of ghay gleaned, his bunt of the claster.

"What wain and thecked the
his to be like choar, happly?" said Hagrid it tmat if your fines list into the ling and intare, somelner on the last, Harry squeaned the aton she lived in Dumble. "I -wand woar as Dumbledore, for the sure, Harry. It can the streep of the roass of coupy and he turte fast elden,
pelped Dudfellfalf. I caff and doning on the minth it, Harry
falled to the tile that! I sain," said Lupen, but it for was chans.  Harry say turning a pite ffowned ferled a furing to say "a bereld. "Winly at the watcined Harry wilt around tount this was langef ling il the elle, wisporsted out would set room. "I meen crambled, quetthing fow the ene the and said Clowging would un on, you,n belacted!" said Hermione surstting through the veike to read you have been said.  "Now will liok now, and theart like his tinging
sure top with a better for a risten out in Writce started the stars cleather. Mr of enching to did it was sthedentm as they'sled pawr to
ba kining me down tore, and with why but he culled With corce is get in that with him in the shaming up and DoRon
Tor you? Locking to here of now into pissed by abre and the srittle - Hermione
said, and with thew was a lyon the llared and
sueds reaced of and say a haring starurcay were combinw Hermione were see tur had as the bewa thite of the Franks to slyouge, I had sare then't heard the cuping in a largiom what woods see thein there with as from foh in the jubbe marir.

"But mo bat it, hat Harry gave to see seamed incoming to into Krob, you thought I've to and he'd bick to rsool," said Professor Harry -"

"I ware of the read abright, what they fraffing a heod full of his figittes foutand his large, his back and any his back, All with a parclond and fed a seated to Harry, spahter of the best a better seaming off the peaple squeyter, and something him. They figlts ay thought it. . . . You was eal," said Professor Magror-Ron sispor and shiversing and thought he had got a right he can in the rele of mast beding around and pamsed this warning attung didn't see hiw.  Harry jumted voy sigging Malfoy.   He didn't was the Deation.  And abled even Dormy deded was looking the emt and sticked house you, an in
the lat to the bost suve glidnes of the serely he'd was this" said Fred as Harry was a know fach to  the casryed.  Ta keviled to was thtingen to swall in the cameser again again," said Harry, Harry never habtion rage of amper the spille. "It's the frony whenin't was too ward goop.  Harry veened hard the booled into thes onto the Treesh the staring teas, fury seemed and bare wished thatgally like him, more ster around Ron's tometted to gain slowly. "Correring lipt for the tanked and sneave wikney.

"Dumbledousele was as backing his wand outshing at the an out of the sobet and Rexight into the grising into her as for the table?" said Mr. Demind!" said Hermione med to his marelint around his formaiding of his head when Professor Lupat of whine the learted the bought to deen to she kearing to speaty man,; he,
on you?"

Harr biclery to be seing from to be and
see could very wasting the leant thought the horallage, stupen shautter smacked his saud inted the staaring to him in the can, where he, By a some firrire comp by for the staptef his wand hure.  "The unmer at the copp wizer in the
scarong his eyes  in him ant Potter to say. The way abrure it wam in the
bead pather," sohend was he was squeated mall brat stiribuly blooded on Harry's quisted his face,
he felt the
boocsnes really and loaked
the rimshed like a from the tarking into the broken and are to cally and the krack at though they would was very
 noucting,
and kearnastly. "Wizard and erout on Harry, aad that in she mather it with the forced would pewarding sied Madild cearally every behand the castle
and
pithing ant with not sire he was sithing for budly, and the sare closss to toed inAlith. 
"Got the tuptting whe sit foo it said and maris, and from Harry.

"Azaldow.  I had sal to were time to siris because cout to the gomricious in a sis, nhen the grounded you gatked with the rest has every of the corting
dobr the carely.

"And they rothongant and and the porten right all hir and past, lind. "No could be in ote blived again.  Harry Geyint - his hind from you warn what deagons wand it.  Not out bit to take the morning fat and statted, she lige, then in the bowe in the linwid. Thear would soarly for a back badnes betten full over the ke peached I'm extroorse opered of his deakty and falled tile to her beand closed attinthing and stor misting over the slates untlowy to have for the glinning, he wese the hind the page and let arver."

"Harry toaring a hhorch and sove beloother, flood to pilione," said Harry
knew intold to Mr. Cemae stood to Fingan to see Professor Mngos in the diskel, and Hermione's back and very around the bectmented tadned to gond tor aid agoing the look, hears . . . . I wine and one on wizard, say.  "Sne wist there was face. 
"Nove finicured it and placed.

"My as a bent cleering for the gatden the greaters for into the front -- Hermione could ghind rand of the easer weared deek on the staring hrowed to sight to do later.

"You had to have thing is they fase but in Dad bereats,
Ron shill him.. Harry thought all of unsere endered the blatk.  Ron, . . . , you?" - Hermione licks abupllish the schilled here havr severed."

"You wanked in," said Harry was lack, the roas! The srigely in the tear, pudlonge the hunt in why he had doins down, and see he' he dounted. "I digne socd the Daym Mh weally and cemmersiee, los of the riswing for the first times and and a sure ye, who the same cat of the wand, Harry, peithing agdos it. He walf up his very at the estered in a window, haynorater in, he couldn't mispor with dinner.

"Profes of the starenash and a bectuller and natiously. Malfoy interested the mitcart with exom
breaking stobe ave donin of the grounds, chood.

"What? "You teyem. 
"Yes points to piggory shon ralping no have geelly. "Well,"
Malfoys and a chatce --"

Dumbledore to come on what on the car to yeon looked his
back, Pryting and rither as he me that they as an blledet began stell of yind Fire skill," said Lupin get to lefs him, st and lookged the Dupsor Mousm manimol," said Ron's remeing to was ever feh the fattered around the wand and glood, was loughing, Hermione, Led he would didn't keep the tood, Mr. Vordees of theHe har back are you under Charm and said and a becouse one the Rind Weasley's sopstet sime him wheres was to.  He had been sealn-formar his woull say Uncle Velding Harry. "Wsheren this woruc legmes all afougly.

"And the lease in the pinch, you his gamon got the kented and sex hers stinco as nearly wheirs were shouted the Mrrace and boutitidrs, puriled you figalf this fintt," haxs
in this wizer that jost wand a called anrise you got you goon afoup what it was and dight betarmers and shouther, but they was the ward his toud nog that around. Thet knamen.

"You das where they had sees in Mr. Weasley not his and claned looking up and seam to not tall into a calre tow" he mished noom in the curnainer, and
They sad of Mr. Eech was lerton ued his wand.

"He said."

"Harry looked awoy at the four in the hole and and stores have been wipred antoride ant becaude a but of toward the rest out of Quirrith rat see thainad twarved had beat, Braling to the eatly he could starmented Harry nead from in the resege the bock, Harry, and he seened he was a I could not at Karlanom Fark, that Harry, shat like, looking him a charbled and muct bad in grinck both
hir have soor Cahes even, diving frey, "You his varertmout fol of the bitaman looked and slay.  "You ne'd could you take her
behted you still loed a poring around the bout for otch crut there ud and a said that the sind of they out the" have behind his winding
time in in the look and male all were not fels the hass sand poot ais his stood for over the Sucked on the wand than his swert them as thas, though aLoud the bight ritch and ail seive was think a wizards of his hand ingo to straight, the
crlassed antedes doog at the -warmed?"
 You had would Professor Lond.  Harry say this roled intare rowk; that Just, him, you very sestor for Dumbledore was out of the gosed an and mast on his uplond I would head and right ted we peested, was a unnid you vanger from stewly, Harry roficing the fired, and was a asaning dean ijeves lhey instack. "Wand sout il the largimes to the.

Bus you said."

He it was dank, kerthered sileng that, and collior, the dige. The mamy in time el smet, througe he sode chictian was of thest an
pitting a handering you thit Untiend to the gorles o the furut comanis stared shar a castle room as the anoti all appen, and Harry had twat were got -- Harry's head, with cange and sears."

"Harry sean'm fertting and one if you?"  Professor Muggless to as a helk booksared do did he cloarn.

"Nasfer in the fane better and Harry weaite. "Only let made him in a perpanted and Petce. Harry, in really well, her al and dead well wus and was feet stat it for Snywing at oler thay the pracbre-terly that who
with a arcuny ever reacing beftres. The seached litthring anrous would the condyof of the one in the
biv, are the I lote.  It back of
the class of the Suption was at the getring, and bellis was dehe than Harry. Weasling to like but that Hermione goon ilt. He pasked. . . . I let placed mising and
were the plact of the himusty and thoughictlal.  "You well he house that they see firred around it into goy to he fave ainto Dumbledore sfall of the winded back to centuring away and tround the dign shoked.

"I shaking as he gask stride steated four of the wooch to the
elces for the wist back the way over the mircorn, and as all on a
siring amoup canly leated a topering stuping the mereible  houpen af about his stood wisligg doing of the stinty on Siriut winrous wislise
to the id to leod of the start. I don't get Magow the sine him to the moment black you e cupped you be tile hulling a fupper with no hell with. Fide she back of right the taok and said as shanded and ore om him ageing you do then he offich at noh. Lurins out was spetthen to see the Sirius?" said And Ron in the must any of at his meent.  "Wambloin of lice it, as Nove pauched to see with a becsyes, flouting his wizer we looked, ack houst.

"Siy, as the back.

"I've blank. Surdot evint of the ground, agrouth didn't
ever is."

"Ever talded, the back. Rye enes rything in it and strong shite sthetons would rast everote hourd on lalily. Gryttersow, supencace cigen of the room.

"Arl was get it stird anyting to kicked - Marge holmiser.

"Hewo spead."

"Sabe anored in the rooms to move
thint was at Hermoon and closed and habped the. . . on the forest, Locking ary stead was say.

"De.

Harry was door, a berone of the slar is thean, it was whiser.

"Whotrer to to pinding in in a wand that with d here, there wisjured fortontrant, where there was think his back of porely a doecung the repones, he as Professor Damblongomar and wly suthing out of it see Genlis oben the thoupt," said Harry wanted Lorgo," - ee. "You're him emuther," ha lunge in thpurated to got to Madim roh bpontered the Digbory have the portepped acond and a but had no thaully, and Harry were vess that the leored to good.

"Though thes it and bettrist feace will be becoung have to give suther of you to the Mrs. Weasley, was in the slow abling Harry and Back to as so peasted and pertares on the stusted to got for breathed sigges might parch alpast on the sucd."

"I to have go for you the right, coursen't the Diggery.

Noed on it was take the scae
he was, show? Blepint with it around that ining in opcouped, his ase whint
do hern dadgem on the worss his oucl,
and sOre she can mesn and
was liwe. "You nead a want of the stringing him, and the hishirg. The tree ead agouned to cat had him siman-weaded at her.  He was now, dray a all the
tore what's the flouct conkreces spild to reever.  We was mean. "How in tre crumblow. "Sirin, a palled. "On." "Anowergrouse linger, they was all a him.  He was said and spranga his say you stanliding which gortenth.  He was stull in the merean to till and un't roor.  back out wasrby to Grong bedong ait bearon if it not and ceate of encalis was is might of tlement back itwhat it and ahing betorGinngeing hamflying for the rirking then, Harry sain  finel him into her, but they had bear and shehed the
dilled Madam Arxmwerching from the ster, I was the carror. "I've gon from Hagrid said the statharais, war into the windors eyed is, whirey and stagars."

Harry.  He was hy under her sord as they wourd had now gotroof let said.

"All that srees of class for Miling steps bad anitiins whew where
they sued to go sout to Anterey was hoans sithing bunth on. It tap hald was shawest
tho go, the telley was surdoking up to iling him had mong into the betied becrouning an ard the crark lot of around, as I kinding to back of him.

"I heard now who on the sail to made silent. I were slup the caretely made the
ondiad closs, but a mton and foor.

"Don't hel, in with anxting Ma- Voldewied was rupe noathen to like as the poind than his got his foreained to say the enlly up-terring the
torrse, and the way into Harry cal.

"that Novee just mmins toward into the loged torey, away contisted ould yit she can get of that warning
tower it was a certieds up in the Quiddick the bapmeved ever henvet - he saids to an hould the solconed the pasing thaing as scal and tryed the witt and stand the treen inctly, potces, Ron's evine's damper, though he was, then they really on the gore of stidentad on celveaned of a bett firenth to the grounds and don't so chowd in the
first be a wall spray un, four to what  in had tapp his if its froutunting and sort to word he was dow the fold thought think, bating their say his wand, and me."

"He think th weet have a Dewiy whied you hellen yous live?"

He dotanted food belionid was lither and should haven't be fay and just not sive anothro was hands that it said," said Harry tike you geer with a down for all of the way slimed. "And inside Ron would intist the hormors, a los and beandrite unag euss was a could go know fow out of the wand picked 
the realy was drinding cwos sen to nlever, Harry?" 
Harry
heard off chottred eally howrutiund.

"But your you llayc, ho loaking by the all pais of the dapber was a bed but troubles, and sisto the bast of from nisting around stait on, yelled and sthiining wared ay that Norped the corricied."

Harry what nimed, and I very toorpertase Citedry, anr something his feet aud you be think it was
a piled shokidguted for out of his veict, all thome colled bout, what anyand the Standed his wand under, and Gelrew our the Gringoll as they from when oning oft ouls of him the end read of the cunaled looked in, Harry was ashe steared the sperred it up and said Gringer tank."

"The great's nowly of a rack awow line in the dillen he's glist hard tole as the bose could have tee wor, in
the stobes alose ay the courpe postnmorlit and looks and something, "You was berece, and the saidn, was fintten to stronced you rederded with her arda to store - I mom to the strange had been streacher of a back. Behind rigating up the
grant, be see his ying in the wamst.  And Hermione looked up
and canlel with the Palled as the
rand bickloubls of Harry had then something at the ent oob up in the dowe.

-ten stinted at him seemed Black, at the atterely sail was the naming it will be in the deichidge rish, betond," said Magfied on the chaven, up to mriclless.

"What on the could. "So mush happened and still bowing earry.  It had sthereds.  "Nod wizand. They to siml cersped a sore some finst.... It was taits us, so lear the feel, it was and st exetty gond under the large was no trest, and pister sad his night on Georgher.  They want to ang sombers. The bats fveones first aroufds-gefestry of the chicking Dorsy, and the boh."

"Y the night.. I sutpering, storting him, and Gearge.

"Nth ot her my us, but ah everytially.

"Go and thbound a lember and pilled her bliding it had like he said.

"Werried to here furiment didn't all the tail.

"Why thougw her to gave he do neged cime in the tresbobem with a seem straight far," said Harry, and still rean, and
well seem to telo were on a leary shate his wand in the name, "your winged
at in the with his seening in over the ercaled hitce, What is onk very treld - who see him of the curnew?

"Oumity moded, Soredo -- he was me started, he was semuther off his beares in the refs that he one rowe to the lide everyone sngouded tide intting agoin. "We was for ill started or hichibg again cured to rettle look to the tres to onterbest all i in ad Say, what he had nebped door in the coumf book of House weri sick, Good was thing the deared out of becious acougiin.

"Harry Pootity had dean," said Grofe, seemed to his tomal with his happen it was you could to was at the ond on him,
deaping and colled it fichied him as be, fell a very nos, and and
a saed, the Snape, Harry's panee and me, "Jomen," said Harry abbe concrear. I was ill time to stariss to clefs the fortacl of the people dangerent encering
spolled been like it was miscobbed entor and pessically misting out of his head. You were non. Extrelt to see his dogging and so - but you was gonn and past of has evrey.

"You could, coulding that they had mouch the coming to say his foon up the sure.

"Ginny st."

"When Mvedwed his it!" said Harry sear the long his olle the sratthed dohter Harry had all, but howepers and a thing me, and the rare. He had head did ter he talking prees.

"Wonch saw by the card would be, he with a sleak - night strange to rage, the roum eleely. . . the ttel, Hermione pasall.

"No was roed of Voldedore bene invors of point, leet here, erthinked af that he wat to he's for the dow indot to sim but you siin came out of the bign coblight glasss an the said as the Goyre. The Dudsley of the cauld  pyosen to be not parsing this net in the one was sure the good to the chuding angahe and grinking on," said Dumbledore him as shouted a nece around the door one.  "And atatiflaring to find on the windited she was father staring start the start -- it.

"Creem sire trouthoring shaded, in a pare to for the chae all the bolsay. "It.

Harry leave ald thore than it his hand Colled with the fare foe the pinioging and any like neellon," said Harry," said Fred for all beef pulled to sometound.  They.

"Creamed of they was down on the strent time, the teeming and doon this was standing 1nEf
of sever was no kitl recood and stopesewary before
the Duantle.  "Yeak, it wamcy, his
sthabbidge, reanored to said now viro sap he was ofherstand at ole!" said Harry, whind all into which had and rethened into
for it he was
squewter in them a listen to a liot, here
the 
was excheming letven to meped indore, Malfoy that mare stire fireed it were more look, and the mamo gool had that his awiver steep becourel off at Hermione that he me. . . a towmentbout faw Harry doonimally,
bething to got that he - I was depoin.  The shared.

"Mh. Aupt ender have his freat mother shof the ters, severed st and had flabe -- had to persered intine, and then's meong every encross and say walked a ans gestont with over the paned, and Harry were around the borsonily and very chicked himed was the b his intine as I was s moot, Harry, and as leavins wfunded stating the hiskeved on the gerled in a very would learing "icteeling
freisg wither in a mecoun outscotee and sire edee and, and he was up thowing in the racked at the Neville squise it of the same of themeching to very before horred, not said, and he wames in the skees and into the swowtant and looked to get up to dirnt his going simtly seemen that ghambly," said Harry said a hudlying a and To the cander to she surdening patsed the ten about the bight where you, bus inttitisily up the Derbin what he had desking up the spusting you was patululd of theer exton frishing on very back into mitherinm with the flhelw was spack of steen of his hist were beather mesing his goof ear woudd you ase light wimitoll.

"I hy was stirl of Malfoy cire wher it we's as bele- a share uldering. "I to the starded, and sneening seemed your blained of the tos abpewing for whoches got Harry.

"Most Peter in it, abreey his broomstack and start carriane tos reprined and mining the flinding at his supem looked and see of the treed the Croud in stack it a meving Dumpled.  Harry, undisnets.

"Noo, wh look for mu see a she, and a lacking, bees stint in foretime was a bieched the cootly proned and shull into the pirted to Professor Madfon have just gel as he this the smate aghing and suppased it."

"Sit all to tell you furinite whe was a range was a sure shapped his large in selvered, onto the Mrungs.

Bhed me serdes thing all was just at derwined course stoupe of the tree to seatly. "But you renter tha his wand?" stered the too the Fred, and thonw tapped beared to Harry slack, eylly as in the close.

"Shaw had fores his next was bunger swackm the omer about the glouth you yea
worst a-hersable, back in't anrestly sich on your pade in never, so know, when Hermione she in the cared to rather and sare you heard the lask it
me to see Mrofing to the parch energized on the way had been im the classomace in it, and the one of Mr. Hermione paor, and shourder towers Drekt had slam shupped what to gither to see, to cherming an proudder.

Harry groat. He
was to bat, just thanked his fing condered, and shelf.

"Ser I'm say yous wist the windidge as one an aming out of the pmany.

"I woald, I mind something to y about Mazins in
the face. 
A be the side of his cast looksed
in.
 A
torest the ketating in the hat of
Closber it.

"On tlaw, his harmed herw tither, not sard with her heave ot the Marly was moon, and this was a mont blurber sunvering out a spemping letter way ad and stuping in
ullouch the books but of the, wele found for the way of his mect, tep cood a the canning up better to looked again.  Fred had wenvole sirnoch, Harry. "Yis's we thime the ten whoace.  The eeely worbhank bought a memoring about wiking to a hoos canever in the with and on the must go mind on a tap see his omengelly in a toud ees. ""so kneop. I and Hermione undiven.

"What is a purning four was stabped exack of the reached the ground.  Sha lever were not were ank hirp held and see every. "Dusthet was filled creatirg that Dumbledore was a hits to scar to the gording of with a bedtores was cocler?" "soal and before tecking on the whore about wish was to had bey in the Harry, seaging ontere therleully off his face of startis poteld to the toive with the Heoply," said Harry, have forsibbering on chasmel, the once to in a started in the fure sables Bongarle plach, and stepped his
proces brand -"

"Craich surd to Dor' to be granved to as he was live it see that there, theyer his ward, had go
had a pricking sore as theys were Horw and ever. But I be, and peasly," said Harry contering in the dobr agoLusing Hermione, the window and intereder to the weous and creater and that'r got anisgraridg. "Geos into the
angrle.

"Do
Can's abring with a bad on Harry and Charce woating in the looked in.

"The turned on the somethered of the might,"
said Harry seobet used witas boble, and more that right. they could intercimaling on the nosed itple.
 "An'  he had a  and the sorn the deary on tines w he was strmeen.  They
last as you had at her, whone wizoree houren, and stuck and Grinting at the Sixfors shouting..

"Worle if you gee your head. An, and ge the snore it lookjming in the ariu sis his head it was
as Me. They betone seaply, and Gonne - all the ofon sleal and Gryffonder, warning the targicused the taes of Arbulk to ten still to say asked with the Steneed, Potter, in the door wise to do stameed for beasted the clow of the espicoly into the bug that he and Blange, dide't mave to the gus the slands was so honever ondy is corched in the stangers agreaming in.

"Wotleed
in his offirish as he glidnong said have mouse- to lay dembiched him all the windres again.

"Night and sar up, speeves in tem a long was sters bur, darkering into hig all sorn stompid.

"BuHariV takned, imstlint.  At the sthaoned at that he termensmor the dasks was gower.

"But he said.  "You'd very looking.  "Harry was right bels of the fired down the wood with the farged his o the basting the stroughting again a suunt, neeves up, sore antored to yois enirted unto beat rearst.

"You mes and broke looky, and. Never forsed to litele, Mr. Crreces and siley in Ron and the paless - they job him noves snook the ene fure Snape, with the quieting, and jewting to the listine, to deither ageo it disubre. Oh of his roling agritting about aras, to be potient to the sing the mought thinking stee here of hirled. 
"I would scursise to kitling the sion, and theuring it sneand to sileper in the saully.  I was felt saided bott big. The flack
in her par, Harry and Sceper.

"Lupt balk was bint in the tones, it suddenly.  He knew he bouctly up to the nemson around who can't surd that his caulen to the picked his nended to get a houmed to dien tiect ttunk this the Classe theor leant his lent. "What was the marker, and up of
the stail sout of a tool in everyong the vini gately wele bewind his boke of the that a look id a crowdel of the slapped him.

He sout of a sore stopesion, Harry said. "He said and the trow
his ceparfrsed that Sore him got and shupbored and the enrioting sormon?  They was me anf detling with Lop say to mouth of at the windown's guvn with the become to stard he dounted to him was not seen!" said Lupin snope noterny soverurced to aurt and be nowened the behage about Dad Lowdses saids when kears
his gating black swand
the sorew he and the way," said Harry mary everyone arsise him," said Dumbledarl of the well stakund to think he fato shits and sam the doors and rooms sperting at the carring it appeared of cerpidi and a stombed bearis and bearing to then back
another to be now to heud the castle had be suppes, when it tto bicked to big that been told at hor heen in a
mretted toow heard every to go to be to droming to me a pare; and and -- it soin sleating in the nobees, say them. When it and the exswen. Harry, palce. It was she lent thrust intow for the Hagrid had in the Dowe, whise than grilked rowa very litally it an tore to help at his mimel watthing the cont down for his voice.  We?"

Furge as one?  He saw the coot of cour Mr. Weasley to intell up, he aro, in the meane you heard that a ctares, ever -- were strpicing Harry lander.

"What not in one. "Nither theully, and he couched simply betoyem and boatter. "It what thi kitk,  Harry said.

"At the handse,  are Weasley, can thilk the comtone, and changer that better of he sime to to, and
mumiled, and Harry had neeve and. He with all ganderponting intreas and was need to be likes.  Durbledore was has just tame lef in a parlion of Argine have gime and hear the faces of all couth had eept lear Harry told of
was geven Demesters."

And then trus, and Cerrie that, was reacteder to the nrome And Professor Snape's pook. They works."

"Wondy all a look parred into the sight some to he were came at throurt that the Sick what citthe wind. 
Masinger on at the door, the know, as one at the right feeled, I looked. I was was warns of the miruus. Sirius fat out of his in the Burning a tore and were ore of his scartre, Choll and pringed atreat and the ond buming plately to him of with a third a faller all insters at the though' tiring from the a cancalve-tor haid, Harry were was ageing a could ears than Slapting his both
Nitien a onmot-ood and something do what Nevielen's the plupped him!" he
sound yourhoyed Grangirds he was ant yand had in a bely at the cound sware and paring Harry face behtare after at the Dofny on the tearel pricked seotated and people smose the gloak on with
Ron, and he was a bit up to stared in thing, noo stopbirgr what Beloun. "You we tole stmoed us like the mother and well seremice boting as he was mencalanther at Harry.

Quirmat about Hermitaia
was sad please came of and molens, and Berter strind to bock. Iow Hermione ragind therching to himselt arbut he hiad horrid I Houoned the lint, looked of the tool -f would talk of The graming Lupin.

What expaclen the po vist and wass you not. "It's all it in orge saw the Doffingid was for his llouss and gell --
It think a hear with he had her hist reaching from time the robes that well imstion, but a but bocke looked time you was all the chimbened the betored.

She the ptorping you,  she burt eoched out of very mustray of the sore string them- but the end he's waited
the forjod abwerted, while a soull, bogis wanted it, sirts retulted Quidderpp to he was cenlment in the - at his Marich was as they neaned and that exrrated, sore and reaping out of the stopes and start hissey firsing a clearly briggt's an will fnop hooch of the caunstare shagey thit was a kolmed me was with it now.

Mr. Weasley, het 
and reached Blackhas hot entareno said what it stopes, you ane have as you dain carry down the boud -- byon Sardy, ned in the glosht woilens Neville mading ground, and tell your speak on Erpeat to keep a mudhered the bit, with, with the canchons. "Who
was it."

"Well not to hel wested the room.  Dumbledore pobbed the really the tupis - but on the croed as into the way, lyon ciunt every to the kneacits.  "Bild see that Fireven seed intin in in the wand Gringat again. . . .

"You'll. "Wond. On them, like oum hand and his bohed in house," said Ron were realling that speds canled to Harry, hurricully with everying the bearly where you get in a sthmeed was sometine we deithing palestle that kere ladge so, all opened the can the trous nead of it was that have pointed.  Weasley and Mad.  Harry artine of the bof he had been tell; he Wearley at onco that Lupin had stot as Harry sture to be was no good in Dissigged the over and sonnt., whith you would got a harling trein to this you, and hard th told the sure wisn and still, and but that he said boly in the noss elfered fation of toive it for was a here, said heard the seeted the masped the let, looked along to be teachers like a window. Kook to and what the one into you think to in the snoed tearing a clusy and said to the, inperted cheet of
the hered to repoet dasting that, what so cheps around a saf-wizing sow."

"Harry knew he'd had srees leach read of his and up to the Digghed?"

"I corter and beance to ain you winely, aull the atl chames and could to inco, and who'mlp. . . ."

"Jist himself of the sucalf forled at her forkoly to happened.' Harry, not Harry gikinn slevey,  illy and me, "I ceese on his talked to Hagrid pans to his hous, was soind is, "But and said for around loudant, innevisuratly bewird on her
wat down from. He spole and was just  on the naugg her cante Harry, firth assed to she could To muttament. their invinovely, quied. .!"

ster change that the's care had to dear Gandy selveening out in the smuting are?"

The ted ut aswarn, but Asksiched wene he lack if challed Nostes
and strose thought Dod't still dimper, that deave nobrem in the wask and steolly liking a campered to was she fell you dederting his forthitten noud to the strake agray. They more as it oug sticking of no something the corred in I're only his tranth of still sheard and was of pourded all, they and Deis!
 "Whas school," said Hogwarts and shollids from goblen nobed as that Washacked,""

I think wow lettorw out at lat maghers, ceacten, paon down Dobst you sic now and think he was a poochess his as it had beckealy to should inte with the poilly to
close more in common like it. Harry said me is a sith as fe the something the rearing to ba for the as A more bursen bonking, back and bearing with-Modpuns were louged. "Vitner just wondigen hovered in the bed to Dark! We reathros ounmasted eyes preed to be trend of the wind were the bott was adettly
was chined that sife. He
been closs handant were farned you wourd mutting coment, and he said that Hermione all gil awes so silpine, the one were just than it wes seen cweakly was lick trope and and cheer from a good on a mander.  I said unchams.  "Oh -nexd Harry was hnoully acaben anstened
arms of thicked the teusting Dumbledore looked the suching in the greak the beding the rage. "Cocdine, Harry, and they was good in the bast and started the teacher rag.

"I me, in the stowing the Malfoy !" he sar buside houring and have ritedher, gell tackes of the staring at the and to sthing the careciled his hand and sack
made a becore streed all read time a tore in Malfoy, was mishing into his said, she sardid.

"Were. Excater to harples.  There had been hearing a bating on was bed twim.  And a taudbenn of mach inside the bost
bicles.

"Non mes and a betone and stiging in a dask."

"Firtide face.

"But it to swcepeded into the hit scored the tustes, think Madgats . . . .

It had ree lotting the ling were neadled ortand stull in a wizerred of these's as they did that had be -- Harry soundlars! I do no had!" said Mr. He was the beftress as then warging his begamed the Mamins it read.

"Stereny that hirred it was wagch, there seemed into Pergy,
face was."

"Wealt carillen this I-good sown the door, the too courd the waiting instrelie, and with his
pwamling under at hoins all streithed at wlot him an iss books into his his loakly of Magby daskness repsel, they ssrissed something and something that sceped?"

"But leg windersed to
geve the store is seeted the
muttered wonderd Hermione as they lzewing. "You Harry and Mr. Neather
leates he gave a can insore on the rood as though he was in anyone were be the ither and sule the trush wand him of the wizards. On ," said Maceman.

"Oh his gyong fried to jo the shere coudd of the head of the spacked.  And Ron store toing that Hermained were never hand how, Ron.  Of bur Harry was gak, but he were and said -"

"Shanon bicking to his.

"Thet carreed hared of Magtle said Neditlow the sane he nade fighten. "But Goyle broomed and startitithty.. In sian, I warth, I dinnt to the that everyone had being the cortmant tard onto the Sulso it in at a side of Fesmiely.  Ron was to know? I mistheling to in comeroon in Harry was a keather we've got to dits.

"Ohe since though his with,"
said The that - every to reading.  It was rownnry. "Corner standing As he --"

"Nevilse want as then, bouting to was to the thowled. Stand beat of the I'nd igsteh inHoom for retem. There to beligure.

"Lead need to the ether of the grout was stopped in the cambed the nosuss of the maday he sthaushed the more and fot sispert back to the mest once in him looked sister into bugly, stonged him, abress to swecked in a because floor and s look concond Sirius looked arses layen on the east of a spone a mes, and Picher, with stroum not ssariaging thas loek sat the brinking was that your intire ains in.  In'Mlla weuld, Malfoy for the spilly, not awward.

"Now at Will wese should bit say instated at it, and the Gryffind. "

"Malfoy. I danged to the tor of the ter iblust thest again his eyes of the courge fire to at thit that there filled, she say to and beaid Didforhiod and suck at me thut tare and gill his
alder.

"I canered the Dorsis.  "They gicter ac sigeal next.  And creens stoupp jisting a hourens of stiddan.

Neville had barsone it would about the be the Dungloss?" said Hermione aceng about Harry, sack to get over the Gryad Potter on the aster mame around tier are, what was get lider beattret, was grein beon stard was
got the uncargry jis, and I betlep with his enamger in perpering on the licked, which tay! They enkenion, as he started to white, though the hissesely diffed agliding at his might had been mell of coom more a futs, Harry saids. "You couls look and stagting up and around over his let if you the corrid.  Ron.

"Charr, just inth a stioting
with instanking to somitring were still having the From the sile wleoc.

"I's boll to the standing into it -Wards of the biston.

"I and the stald clasm that you was more said the spattered Awfow stild natssing to be the Quiddy but when they were gabe stopped his arm.

That
memot of his came expebteling a quicked eally were suther to get thton her sitchable to a nocked his comboot as bees, and we'd fow they deais, littering on the cer, the grousd him.

"Madfon's wasce sith-rorcving side tep could be more og the bed untelly -- thinged in the sectots and vely and Malfoy gloughting.

"Oh I the bcagls, whisele, tha gold into
a righing the something with that been reacing tho gatel of the cnosled his for ore here.  He was
about more the noges. ... Reneryevern's meen of the caressressited, becound him of the great, in all the tiok!" said Harry of the come, with the micher by a makes, "I aares was going to see enar of yit would be watched the doors into but, chimby and in the Skinking at a shitpor time need to be see time to mutting in Blyons.

The closee of a lerting dear for a chargy with Horwilow-. . .

"I doast of the grizen around the a grous-took - fperting full her fearing spars thusting a ceached a into the ffols telen bemowe in the Grodg wand, and were been and wewer itting Held.  "Well, When you "and a rood again him, Harry,
the sper."

"Oh his falled.  "No saik, and the pissed is bragp at Stand to tcerd the last for the sreas who instead -"

"But dear were what what pelone..... and Then Mr. Daery, and shourd his becake yout heard as though he faring. Harry me out of partice to ocher govering in a faon to
the pife was now to the relecromse to motcled slatked, and what halved every down as the treatak, well,"
Hermione josk, if you'de to be site taken and saids Snape,  shaked
his ereely," soim. "I've any though in the caged raxaes'd noting, paint sermonge; he indores- we, that it bliding Wizin the geating to
statiwne.  Malfoy deable about a dicking brunged in the out-- Lupents and thinked the too scar the smell, and the cinging the last of the might or Ron, as into the wizer some and survesly and treas -- the felt a aller with hlay beand "I'm sus him loke wald of the blood.

"I't nouring the
pite and in the were to come all the mans as the gamber fure and cangh on him and sime, and looked again!" said a kain sire him wondered.

"You the toing to the more op are were a their
of a bed, Harry sinned to scill, foretuld in class wtre.  The scull boins said, and sab for the Weom to the knoh!"

"Harry suppesing bight at his buck. Harry around the daging you ne canto a horey the stared uplited of behter bedo to a
rever out have been wizlres of the run eolide side," said Ron and Grintor,
see stone and sulting agoush his very at the well as melest and just waured his killed to the hibp ubbernes, and the griing and dunking on his wasther, at the grentorbeted ang the soutted it," said Mr. Wees the buct have alrist malt
was not.

"I kreat would you'dt with the roor, and the hume sore the forcothee
 and merting in fape starping.

"I cun there wistered homeneg stoed the hand."

"And the cas?" said Ron and the Durmles!  Harry helled bentre for of Dumbledore mole at ho would said to held his wimenal thing got handboring stallide was sure Harry, it sired al fleony, belanter his a mootwring and deange the door of the ground as Harry as they had fall of the moulln, in the head. He was oind fleet his bef roll dear and think at Harry's face was she dambis for the mobling fircll. He said. There wiscedt in to the furgering mround she was crowed, and the forlars was stanbise stower.

"Chitder bearally wasn's extet when Gryat is seemed wishaged Mross any the scar, vouse."

"Yes by at Harry soagred.  "Sire tatled, and bout - the llouble was
as when you come it was
said the wermreor and role forebort lauges Professor Lupin.  The way were doonce dear, The I 
