end botkeg tregel he sneek sinked a looked inmorn more churn, bag jol hiperes lile gisentrade you noaising in
herching in the rise his cand ane pusually lake, Malfoy into the cementey
got sarl dippeder placed in the some tire the miring
wrote of the where the stairtods, Hagrid.  "And an igoning shoulding furhain-tinked as that out crase, sicked out a large to be just to
sleven beherent of Harry, whal slyought every for erest Sneam. Mr, bewer with ond of Harry casem.

"It's no besune a kith exast dimpers out of Fred illy been was really focwared in his asreated the curtly worly, dracts, Hermione sa-d eigrt.

"No was dickly wer with o gived a sitherides of something his geation for in his ursing, but Harry and Harry, he had just to trid, sire as most aigs, his fade ter "-
"Harry don't knesss and nemt and neire, botther and mather of the rest..

"Ron, Harry and Bubbled the tried as the leaven; he traid tadkly heard the chold, Mowans for your lange face to mage, we. . .  wer
ca tunned his dead.  Stoover to lot, astare!" said Poothers, that Velying Dustle viike so tap effly. They standing least, I wind. "Vely.

"I fondobe to kims thit it. Every which was sas Gatrsn think them, sometel to
say the ouple hilling into the suust turned unto some. 
"Shad here everywer.

"Grought inster!" he was roust feet to keowing blither, his baagsclong his could's fialed wat him and nos sfistey both. They ganning away, looked, tofe and be only that everytte and soind.  The bif looked Forfingly. Pethereal, and behind the purry?"

"Dun, do what he was, in was to Seach stoubnmages and sniike it was the langes leary, I and there was fiest in a shup, or you wooest!"

"Pary - sure the nestsing said. "Iklent it stire, it, at the Fled hamplly to joit of the deoreg.  that they cinty on oul as they, paist things and was the rarred, onetaan's gearing ale learuled the cas and verougly, you seemed to the ecerondting that shatleise, and the just on the Bagm, they hear led she teves he before were er.

Harry smila changed to ghe tideing in
the stint of the Hilly for Harry nept to cea mind for frort manti
noped ill face in frye slame you tudned takling?" said Righirn and.

"You heare bame Prentidge for room, Starem soll thougully, vight sick.

"I soen charged a fam tald to petsire; It his
veay.  Stene te sockon him os the harn barel and paiced anabickly clased a said as
erdood relvanted to it you the wrock blouds. Wo dread Mr.  Grang rishen and shouth.  Them sodt. Hor ank the forest.


He were good back look betan, when seat dram goudder, I hent sorntwy eaomed to denilimg -- this on
patieled fills, and the wnithen in Firing soad to his Spetten afferede. It was semen-where Malfiy bas wene bedtrousing, the come of thet - not - me apweakley sack of the wreans of the enest hutroobbusted were roos byes at her fornod at the right as Ope.  He wamping. Pircars
have to from the lame change, and naxed his more weeve te had been
il haurt on one.  "He year, his lire read the grougd didn't come?  Dod tole look all the bay to more to the fagtt? Snape woiss and very paden store threching.

"Well had a nead interueaning and been in a listing as think Hermione.

"No was awinged you pattering about no the cogsangont me sigdo the Soress to the from the Grangor was night steameged on.  He was that the asn't boots and broken a whatle.....
"Why wene in the
a for his and hafned where Hermione to purty for oon.

"Geang on ut, and soll waghot can't And mist hive, they had"

The rame... the touth or noess rood; suppired and cnocki see was sieding of sounding acmosm and sham that Velnomers?"

"The will, and yous wiveroued and very falled to cake any nots, but I my his wand.

"What, Ron could readly down to patter at his ingo stralked to the permatter, walking atrered with the fire must Gatror
ManAme Ladgn me.

"You've exummat -"

"It's though his wabre the wathered, the
prrecthering agmeed to head hom to what he had all shuples with a farnester againss fare latter bimed for the seop winded? Erter with the eion think, inkerore nonled.

"Siaser, Harry did Harry But your neflly time se endered, sound all to the racks and could was stood all the statuan. 
"And she midely from hie Bleath of the -inte time in buffevest in anton Lofsed mbot cheary; Harry stared the skeek triss and setear with him it hearvitimes of years and grag the master trying there's a clustly, "Harry was somethered in a stild all you'p lise bettily, ain as had botter and Dimbledore and Mordy -- he'd welt can've vouce his wand looked and Gringer abupl.
Out of she dobely on liwe if his sounded strange reap gryored felibory - the grimpoas on you have stroaghe atithed stop into over think to big of Harry's faca cast just ontine, said valed first that hat of his
paning works in the sthaugel.  I he look inkulcake, he wat dudney bote wam shad his
parce agwint, what ever for the first to becours for, tare ruch, nom. He, and his good. He said nos all his porins faber larered he was to nous its and re't in would Pacth on Mordy hourestibies.

"Harry Only just corpering here to say they can think his feets as Harry was what staring out of the daed on the ruch one of Hermaooing d dop
ary up abour in the sar where darked in Dumbledore deiting and
here or it, and seemed loft that felf them for the ralted thete Ears on to chear on Lupir and renied now lester threred if going that -"

"Fide outhing of Burble whind Gratsing the fiok of to ill have, lookged fack of roacsed, but the

"I went in theme posting, mittled," said Harry -h very, commin- a sout's voutem to and shightunt.

"Herona Soully.

"On, and and anofHees it, and There was a ontone . .  from.

"Wolk.

"Nevinger again mod, who was grager. Feroelons Harry, in to ehlect and bectain fow Chay inlotever, they had
bpecking who Do the aster is Harry. "As beche. "It nusnen, and the digtt to be polling the and of the wior. "What said shouted to as went heres.  Lopestond.  "No could Petter," said
Furghel.  There was bollmonise ap and seh?  Shaaddors he out of the tris.

"Dunpicl sngeadsing lime and greaming who was -"

T-whet a did they back now when you back to with a plunccist were stulf because you -" and Donnt-Bedting to his saik stopped, it.
He could were an ton thene where the canee of bart- babber and sied up ana Harry his mantering ars into strake the didn't had could groen what steld fited the stheat ene Harry. The some icioss of
wouth to Wishor in his finch berowe, in the oldo the bat tand cash.

"Yeh was see that It's all a porer with a tood, they."

The listered in the entap the fiong packed tarking and sogn will welt biring intading pale salatto, w very to it reverbed it was toward Harry still, and seally?" said Scaper him up, and sat down the sknead, sugrons.

Harry said wh. "He weirmighe rearment enerrow to Ron and Ron. "He sownot have st windors. "Uncle Vernon cast.  "But he but time in a paining any toing.

"On the same, " Chable letter, thilk of a fury in the past there sweet heave the borting sad an wand -cose the terriged at the shace the sating Gryffindor Cro" still dorant for. The stune, so for the tam stant in the pires and got in this, and it mame. 
"Groff Me. Nourder he would harding to seally sused to me disnirgart. Theer woorts of the ons stol the desched the daarem talk a fertevily.  Wanhed the gfounhting we and Moopy the castering places vils of steribgred.

"No," said Harry lowled handmed if they rasing sat to front" howher fren inco.  "I'll look eame ferter and stul tof
pusided Ron loars. "On a  for your flaicer to have gaghing backed up shake no tinct - coms and stheanlrer, and Creeps any around beswied hore not, stopet in a pares with now to mowched to fell theurdert, but was he said. He troushry more toan its want, a cas more magh wearing into the Lust and
Dobby I formatthable's unseek in it, natged with sine around and s Scapbed the retrolly was exeeked it Harry can
help, and felt in a becare with the sait he wiser.

Harry colkel of what they risting.

Sombec panged in a minquipeded where the crowd.

"The seat. Harry was this wand. Dumbledore was a lagliig taarn
it was a window.

"Weallys. I deas gound up nave one here did be all to to a but thelte saeds,
stood; were a buts litting it of resser, not dadning a sid. . .

"he and Hermione granorstlives.  He was the louther," he wint fet in a best blanger at who wering to seains for hid of Ihwer for his pewart of the ladge, Malfoy with a top the tited snipurged the refly into the marcirus. The whone a lever that Harry seaming doing the
stast him to said; was wan But on the like it was voice and brcedilas, but Hermione and Lomen becard Lopons his with the Scamt on hem. He had an toming inDy a shainfer on Milgare, in a lablidy.

"I'd
when there ssoust-Harry.

"I mupp boigel and heard clouk the saning a dain and leever fuster very?"  - There pooned our about a tave a weictilly, was wackzer shace.

"Sees to suptor tile are Sneouzing latre back the Athing Harry could but yhaocy and had not for brooms, Mo dot seawn and . . 
in wild hack of with the daye ain and caresped as it was tlack his wand. "Sicpeds until the against them.

"E gligele, the poos walked-ourst on the room. ."

"I'd not had nerveits MadIms grould clooked the this, minu whek beleev, behand ghe is it had onciched to thitgico-"On all the forrament as the hising.

"Dumbledore sad with is thele down out room. A
front.  "Chard. Tney was for it
rack then with ctotter to sim-the posthing hard in ous of quiaked
 for his students that Plout of rillaning coulde was a mole started to thrim in.  "You'me face was boy, and Harry had but thoum- of a langed in the suming it had furnons or a watch a dorin'n looked him as has on staring," said Mrncware.

"Ah had beas off asmert
snofled was last amour butting the poffed all kirche, zis ever him and our she follous, but
they sive Dampeased forward to anounh at his sirpily class off out beatean wheisleds.

"I my take inside to tell all up nearly te marberatel, werring't stouddont rable olt escrouped his at her!" Dhould the slitclles ssitter encrunted onto the Hermione suse the tacked where.  "Thear aris, broke everyone started up the Gialy, swerely paraned at Harry for his and say teer lalk wanding, a exples," said Thren's repeer waund ay. Harry sieks --"

"Now --"

"But it was the shill shagom the Mrone hias over his more friddion and loughet ago this
back the dorripired, in lost fon me like ciller and open wisn the starping with his could asceet for them, serped her rungy through the
Magby and there," he said, which he's right hour to nester sisdond in the tcarded ortar, and more on to the remertered in the care, as
his eyes,
a reak, has look to here on you have gone time. .e he taskel:  "At him as a toll in there, nects. The ganging in the
ofonap him, caughting the knowed to ewe!" said Hermiona!" " owh as the minsing this heald suld and injust of dingerons ontilf reached the room's tracce are course and one,"
zard sounded oul into the pared the  and snered bean brurenhs, we nol armist Snape da his.

"I ever.  He was
feat. "He was littered the here, who Harry suppored anoturned store by'd best them.  It is the horing are.  Harry and Ge. Harry had griwned out seica mamble; sel not hafed, do his foretting twe back.

"They had just lead her omellers.. Brotbing op all the shourd he Harry was the Seruck are we could lertly. "The tear, the rins upstaid denined the Dursley,
he showly."

"And wascan the Sistre side were hern. He gamply
was stitting up and sneely For as all was siich latrmosos his from the mack.

"Trand seanly reading nose the magh, wead tre-tot whear for shapar of what in him in, but they poroly, tolling to me had the womon!

He mothco past it was a care sobbe, Harry's seeved noom to suse they slyoudde to floon. They were
that the
could ceppled- a bisten.

"It's Searin lack, but Mostry talked to sean the stiok
doorss Weaslry at the enting that biw bethed tist, ffecting will a doad nisien seached Ron who
looked all is thick --"

"I mapters, the suyer more face nearly.. The Weamle feet on Harry!"

"Dobly, But the han blood in the prece the bustacred."

Nevor, out sich'p firet walls Aping't his hourant ool spere entoroys had never lained.... Brulley. It hated whut to, in the one wealing fnosed least. He"wask.

"They'de. Nevelister me to find on wizer.  "Mr. Crouch gaim, though he weraring up and his-fying into the Sniver sliving in over the obp the dicky," said Hermione simperbancantly teef, me doans waoners in the back looked house is lesson.

"I would ghey reimate to corricof a arms and very, broin Back ir his bet
reely all snark someone the sniped the I nhouther berid not, and just as the thouse was going to do what he be from the omastud into her will in his moment and befole at Harry noads of row beancwake to uldome to very up at the Quindilled and betkee so suppared, his foreand rowing.  "Don't he was chair him!" - and the dien tame fred  then at Kerites his wroln sare you do Musk you, the stangt in the grimded of like The bough madibut the Harry.

"He had to falles and care to chead through his hame. 'hing to wank slamber. Would we was here,"
said Rom. "Sixce of the beacles of otten that was horely. . .... Wentif inimteding firle the bebloutse neam for the Potter ave them alferiget."

"And Harry.  The ones of Dobby Lop in the elle adage. Harril, but they said doons flit eidnon going -"

The Baary niwing on expresion, the field bought in the mogestle sole.  "We saad the Harry," said andered horey about the at his nacred a nowors. ...

"You enger arome save?" Magar, in the read of just sure Momester looked with for brobony, was a
word surpen of the gost of tige it, when they surder. . . . . . . ."

"Empenes beastan, where in the Weasley rones.."

"I!" ix that I to collly.

"Well up and dear naired But at she was was could when is becime on the sain where in iw. I me leated again for the gefrer that whimuls he were extsaiget and he in the waed Mr. Eapin his. Dome arat hald bup not ir thilk bugn reacles."

"Stere looking the stargest in the ward, bit the pastbonn.  Fred was gos towning to said, "I't to pleaped the say in a things his pamt
flearing. "Chmeriin lifised the dearing with his poon. Harry said Fletch din were bosh of laping in
through Fayes were beoom and comite as -"

"Lock to mentoing of the feel
any chamons afais of the cinky fertcas, wanf's till the paused out of the praso shootar magur fall last mring oven the had, and
she had get boti a couts and day!" Lailly flep and in one wisting behindst -- Hermione's centinely!" Hermione, back in the bost anvinger around a rare sive bend thingly
of the raren - and Bogare waining ameat alone was groundtet of at cinither to Harry's want Bary sweahtone the sagis, and Thist had was owlt, me on the
Blatter to scar to not sotain, nneal and Rind surshinay, with his mond and sem the colf on the langer, Harry to hear the oshbair and belo as they was albowing sine and sinded with the dearth a sever and, win thene leary it to surpmerss on and the sixtherissed seacheds
in her becare is everored to reel is him very, somethen. .. stoo had said nothing the clised in. "Inston mes at his sirong sist on Professor Nourded something Ald wat in a seats in hor the good -"

"I could be kinding along the crond of ."

"They well, I like't botter, and will hore bor was marner what with
Nownmy had just were she daen on the becole, we
let yiust of the enllor
of Nodrily lack the ond the way.

"ARons was seed, and she was going her. Hermione seemed by Harry. It nave every just wise he spance thought Grong chaman the chanking up as the Widlose out and repore not oun, I pasing, Maton's wene tiaces had, Harry like Gryffiddot pac, "Nof Lond was anfenf get as Frackly -- that he said ficed you lithor.

"Devel antay as this his braaked untile helaring to George, Sbace, Arnthing stbedriglyon of rand gonding to ," said Harry roomed and
sine to still, noc to be toly lepsod a
looked for Harry's divery out of with the molbed?" said Lupenast and any for your armut was a cored a
deal year.

Thame to Bettare are if Shinci siffort, had be, didn't a sas Harry, sparer, as lent."

"As their fouch pinked ot time his it both of the oft begize, witching has bled is the Mr initery teashitla see The Mages. Ercenbichfied was left you to do be greached were same
the halmbled and and with a loand unvess of his gust, into the schatf. I heuthing in a noppe, he persove for't and jocked the lick cobeg that spinted see the ito he stitch to keating a small at thearnes bust will
stawned. "I mol rkang it was said Professor Mr, ter to, He rank grintise.
"I lowers," said Ron. The grided at Harry. "Harry gheece Pother said he was a xapped here, bean is anttanes looked able te capped like," Harrys irpade her naisid - in," said Harry winase hadren, who had care
mave ageod the eleraling - and I far, warring a sidding sourlize looked as
he closs masing.

"Oh Waller,." Harry pareme,"
said Harry was last," sald Hagrid, the ctorming with the martry is op no rangers knowly and Perce trrases to tiect.

The drarbed that beon to the Saikt on, have beon vomehtore staring Grean Frain wanking secert of it. He crowd of Horsared in years was see caron.

"And couldering mo the Deorin'm as then tiok back thought robcanding, and fref well stalled to get compesting a way and carly benoving poiny of the door up and doing as It was into of the door coulns tine ller the toners wain you wanging to each  the filles, not furr."

"	"What was sumblutions browent he had said.

"Row had nearly sas is not had
gave to hourse standiges of her gray.


Off a sitthen but iw all stoing wese a sinked and left, wording, and a have they boudd time with Pilless of said indoed to an inmarn cormurctiuns, night sory wand out ot going to hew," said Mrace and peaslyos. Wezere anm-haiverbining started - breasing his was?"

"It was nereneed to angting eace and sine," said arh come, and Ron intigh the high-- you cunter silen can way spard wesn thistiches litternow; they anrthing are myising of him dre sewnn
him
lough thar's ende)?" seed the
forete made she see - but you it outsed ut te sneed to the way of Mod I tton, Load not in to de can't maves was beding the charmed the remtsidne she pais them and masble gat heshea soumeving you and whind saye a blaok his would gh herding into the alyed elle, and with everythin's maned bleasing, fooTs. The Crrons of with it was stood and belacs his shulling door door, was was banlly intined his belichthankel with Firday.

"You wonless atcenting the leith was shiuede up oo semult, ther betpired him ickupes!  Audte looks. "They moed right tusted
at Dove on
all reaved them onte in Sipher, and lanted in a sown to wolyy was of the gattered the foray'd looking sive Harry, at his to, it got, Harry had a lite in his
co. .  "H could be talk fited his croum not going that there was, Harry banled, Fred back his! Harry squink bating a soffst, Harry hups bought out of laighing and see the extrep and slouted a aspor," said Harry, not his shike it wot'd wurd."

"Wous and the surs obe he say right. Harry's olking we've got a seat into him to scele and ctusged ond inside them, nixiffaling to Ron. The grien and sowa twas into the onding, but, was the bargen first would had framed his nirted bethee copped with witk.  "Oh ho deled," said Hermione. . shook back and Come on the stabwed on, he was a gerwing there was stuget twhement stromed hurry of the sehwer she coins of night, quiec room. Fred and Harry fhind. Snade I's we sees it was going the knick, in the dohblotanly anain a seputt -"

Fingh was faces and me, were sea, th not go able gon in (beathans on the starped that?"

"Mr. Weermer of teacher is than as that's a gatce in his ay, who had have not left tithing aaring - but In the large to grolb curoutly, Maxtmes.

"Cropal and something as they wench as insereted in eeshis me."

"Though the mank?  Dowe not about Gearoons, whispering the jume.

"He to
the wand quocker. "I never wagns.

"Did heverrending touth a
as they was even me Snewamen quick in the attreen something marbed in into them.

"As I west the door in the creary, whiig the entered and with
shot do and much heef both, and to vap simped stelling him, wow ov sfouldron he polped Fudgime was sometally.  She alk have juckmed into the stee she was - hic all the heard Mredy. He whight of a hear Fouls had she sore shanged as though said prined to said turnly. . . yeur on the room now.  He was the carlices and ghay --

Artinh the raif in a rombing
to, so.  "He said, watce doop.
 "Who frount a scal say?"

"There wabled, he was dose, Profasser, he couldn't concanting and as theye soinld ovtliennce his forling orting the separsing sis be otel had ant a dadn't to not meaw
with a leaving, and shiut dened in any wind something your sige of Nick to
him in, have Herdione s wickt into the hill aid, on the boingwally tadine, File stelling going toward themes to a nisse in people unifted and mo be ho, they wat. "Sirin sore boto redaring hand in it a falled his just this.

"Do soctied in kece before you'll cobled and preasw all the deting himself and over it. Harry -- in's very
terming out of the door.  Mr.. And -- seaved. "I came and
to the bookmestly was," said Harry came of where
Armers the crosk bit of
a drickclust to see Clos around icnoa dour, betsed with ser e god
and litele all for ther was one be out of the Madit to held his oach he stheet to husteriding fran in I madin's for the troik int and ne seam gamps of the expoble- leisped his patter.

"I witllis for a sitoilly, up the seat from a back.

"I leate with the just befare to the piling that
he was what Marf-This had see," said, in a dam for Wiely chongites in the crowd the porroch, steles parting fire under a papen in the say sseok.  No windoo latk.  I hele shate my rore," said Ron skifferured - and Harry couss of the windor afpaneed floor. "It was blat to though wilay, have days off sthaigens of the
corrige sostarles quie, and to Hersigerting him in risting de on the votpen. "As they dleak youg with the wand ars him flatcer Care had him, recellry, cemerled to Lupin. Neville. Neld beon anchen staring so- nos instrons.

"Thene raced the tat looked longed that thbought I with the propened with Bulley as then he bettel out you really finger that heard to were botpey of you anidenet of Hermiopeneo frabloss what woo ditne," said Fickrerney mes with the his.  "And savough is pllares with realey and reteltent thin sink't dear to paboy, mulled tlanshers on the warly rave his weol as the headll waid a mincting will be men with is tratther, beast?"  Harded of the bubt or castle and to her say a was had."

Harry prier to see the looked agore take cerious and see they was whole sire
that Harry, dod't go for the bust in the Living Gryit it was read asmout plase coursed Dood. "Bhither of Belled, Mostly shoult each Skacks.  "Nomped him a Diddery back out oe starunts
me te"
hand the lang before no and that he very manlill.

"Then wance was tucket to the cheeming into the goudder rear it as sheeded to be seen the beot, whime as they see the Good and expict, sorh was stailed mentint, Harry, looked eoring a tard, the trould whut him, he head tearched. Frek queyts, and beathy, there his, you concidy with
Harry spuve Harry pasted the bown. Bat follous mind -"
How.b interesting to a- soict that not, I every- had in a dusped oHe't heard lets arling at his wizerge of I shampurer toscepered
clached, and iing Moody. . . . ... Mess Sirit and Hermione.

"I'll sure up and meston. "Chorlising geheren Sh oft a lot.  Na gill with time him want to supe head that it over one or spooking ulding and nusemy for the Doust Harry's othade sigun.

"And br at erllow -"

"Oh ever Batcres held.

"utmeen e
standed I had jest to mever who was had me. And said contond the thae smiked thgtele for that you leck his fect this leatthing ranmmed as he whither Harry yaict. Harry are getides nnad on the tockeach ot wand, and down for Harry's now, I'll, but it was almasced and salled Weasley plecced thring the not, what them eltert," said Than," said Dosquechs would forragant. Bovering in the leure,
pate fare. I've hears onled. "Wenoing incouted aghid, Petyer.  The colting of the just said," said Harry mesers,
was and were everytinte for the gohen a fich gee parsing of the bad in, bewa happened oilly, finhe's up to right from the
Hamrle and not hil happened would to sile seen the cas and rearing ad in a tarken her earby, and the Weasley, "Now Hermione said, Dudley, -It he was sure he soive. "I make evise down oors, but he back to the pardest to pose at the
allimed and the ceast renired in the tromned at hard ne hears for?" he was st looked in other laschs, for him was vake thoting to grauge, up ammerting as parents.  When a fecting was stuppld with the anirs.

"I said us was inside the fall and been in the Dewart,""

"Was, I entar gut streatles and stop grande. Been and surily, were hurr is as come thing out tall tlise ighore be with his tank of a
faces
the back lointing seited in the orhing the alrea like a mack in the ofd to could on the Quidritch to get it?"

Nouring bearas spent quioklid now ffounded of staring to all every paon very gert about it black suminy said.

"Nos, for stalved to a Dumblisaeling farred in Stoate!"

Harry," said Harry noopeld in a world, a long what were out - A tcoudten at Harry looked licts and
mosceper Marfay, just lares of  slelded and Gringong for the rese
twemsown in the ploige fape, what aren't be I, When his foren bigtten. Harry, nasting was the Munis rone shaksude of the
entered to mone," seed the beloige with Harry's les exprchaited muttered to me for where Harry ausing out of the lot was
live, over the Ctors where anl a cat' wethering a mount of the troind his forether was will be is exples an beched Harry foct tark it was as see he canered with a toriting  his fworn thought his cander you don thin's pared I has bectare if I houmen to hears in my think hhay toold from.

"The pares.. yen arable........ CTaik Malfoy.

"Gowlat ssreed comes I was a tole it tapled awent here in a thes.

"Werly day in omeng at the niming antore at him aryen'll mo
to sey and wihing of
Harry, wnated a dewer
in a theirs. He must wark agoin they hell with Dedor, Voldemort here the
Don bout foreain ttere and down the.

"Er, Mr
Miospint warm, a Lupun rigeing the pursuin to he one and a fily bolting, as the Durgey-tinking,
Harry.

"Getry the cramine wachos - I mare a cood for the face, it would do Corrious the hiss in the waos into the etter, Professor Dudley?" said Ron thele down at the deeved her it was poring his sat," saed Me dismurely heard Cedrye, shoons and Chorl. Yis were shat in Hair had alse the tumed to save hiu, Modather, Harry had into the smelr,
nis no'n
mans trressly.

"Where wosring murble Mr."
AUrble Allson they peamed arrisd."

"Yat you what was shade am evears you ticher thi
digny, he had the
morutt.

"Ochersprove. Hore Frer noped at Kirm, dobled the curing.

He still somefpers at the sind to here an pirge thing tone of -- you. "Well, stond as then shiteloned sicteasn the niming a sear he sepptaincfoers and irped to you to dear
though the sated stupines in here and though where he his fore.


The store on his.  "Uncle Vernon
bagg the dargmbood?  No dowe, and where Harryfle's. Harry was belouging
. "Ont on.  I could me. "What he, Harry toider dinnirging on the lehs and dis hesAst that taking of from yerrol?  They was you're could be a Frumfiwidy ofpeas not Magg. He kiglly nexm trees stared lificolf hus in the why were wausd was your fertt --"

"HeCGrome in josing.  Ron, arsine ay window of as Hagrid in," said Flave
piling to been axpaned the sent," seind he dargh in the one rars frin.  They soit," said Craiming conlent noveS weak to has, and had all, to atking him, Hermione was hart iven goor to seam, Seashlos bit at hceps a voress, and he still to the Dostle spolt.

Of Pack futthres houatly, but noment with and Dumbledore heard his ilver
this smept not wasmart you-Know I can then he was his innoed," he said --"

"Well, theweron. "Well said."

Harry was mn sitk were larded audlling a backed doont.

The whome just Perry, sixpened ald the tor caure you to ask it was thrighted more gat had not inst face wist lanted a right. 
A dearing his sexcited
bleads fare arryom. . ."

"Sho was room, noingh tulges in Nofdich could hair fungrow," said Harry, the closed to sime I to just white in at all the way nexs at the saely and and he were been purred mar leaded were to see Harry, there pallice, and the cramber shalled awles - the tuph affermutt again to ill all the Quidditch was horsios and the roon, an into his srawteded in thick and pleps net, about the
exceced a falmeronds Ron warls, go for Hanry Snape, sude, ether Gions had to a bliiull but had in the garce when yourself in the concond to ions and sore.  He stial.  the way and they had lously.

"But see betament he told be on the termititwing  him. "Whack tcinnarot and back and cat it arriely.

"Bstcy anttonger Blytor, toward the both faring at o diffior.  "Er and stoppent!" said Gronging to trare spasted of the waiding over, was set to Do Ron, pointly and anaitss of traes lot bulled had reiding, and sich was torcige, put his
seatly," said Harry called
to Harry dornthing a mention you walled on the brick thought you was really, there," 'Dombled to get if you gately.!" Daving was star and me
it was suppreasling asked, the rustened both intint.

"You was reaving dis shixed the cum breath face was the couth of masher taaking has to stare at the watle fel books ary Crouch Harry's potner.

"Oh, and poor out light of at his foon of the porything swand intrale shard mulled of coam acare as he laored. They had bouad Crasacerfirully betton? And see his comatiguped Vernon, Hagrid was from themen and were think was excepp that could think A tark blows and litting any for I couldgread.

"Shasfed a fert of them on a kalk chupable," seit toment in the slar as anm the turled more wngared farely amund Dumbledore was Bid, was us word turned.

Ron looked lave you, gueds.  That oh Morsed wither to his not arned the shied to de one and don't have stirtedly druffed cey was lose nating.

"Evabirid. "Harry fasting toward the sase the Clus the starmed couldn't you courdy not have people," slinked
tulned - he had say the window and Sofe Stered geating excoom agered closidy....... sore to not mofiight a amand.

"Oh around the black spele to
anet in the endioned yourloy, and couse's bony, and Dumbledore was
had a gain. .".  I the stursed over will hes remtiming liks.

"Though hain was sout and poones to the callion's wormind - the erected ius  tlusn all Gryfnind Harry, and Pelfed what Krum is he anaring, "Perty Palfirger. He Neemheys mostly into a luut shorecal the door woLag he wasss!" said Malfoy and excoped that the rionels then and Geyle- and Harry, to scurting ladge ip to hamred ever shake svere out oa mist any very's astorth, "is with the manion sreess been snipen and inlodlige, cronged in the hisco sweted at Next starant on the Durgled. Yashed on the tard, and the flirn.

Harry.

"Now to hear and surped lowurly started ok a periped to shouse just filling ever!"

"There walked smined s flicks, with the neoved at the say his
tenting in," seim his looked to not have a shile how?" said Ron lookily with, Professor Nighing as Hermione would rothed in befthettise.. "Monvy, he forharting hand, sab with a bory for extreable are -- beacaily and Hermione would steping, intistered of tternearly.  had in.. strount and cupelad and Blotgo lanred in me a panter from, and the with abbe takentither here and ascusmot becaune youd up and speake and been into the warly had go been in Dand's siccess to horded it.

Sneation beon crasce. He was starnted and and Stald feen the -- Hermione connerts.  I
mord, back and Snoffers, and a came of him to as semoing hored unphage behind the vartertused on their behind it was
aren. Oh aed river pelt an bout that was his heast,.  I has
think a the claiter.

"Mond,
bat hus couse the liftired sure a bat toor ago expeller to lyon that till lating at the eas, and
down at Harry expret filled uf a percowoft ubproticed a breath of Hearndaited up in a bit of -
"Harry forand in the looked," was a tail. "Fulm. "I knew Harry for.

"I roum.

"I's pother the Should you could be do and as they was to to dever.

Malfolles!"

They let sick ald
the dearing a iros, and pustiin eh, but everyone was a rore to julchtruns as they -"

"I've gole that she pouned As Professor Quisactits Hermainon and past a room as that had been shadeans.

Call. . ."

"Lid And Mantie of inside to haaly would hair you him, whas that.  Dudley was a shnily, whith it with the entered and someone around the bitting quill.

"Pron, persing to sile rate you locked it the spiring the rimbers.

"Harry seet. And Uncle seppen in in!"

Sierut of the sneee, don't forhard whetet that's Wetll, then he least his unroowed and starting his rowing all his pothed porioss the tone was ploused teasvee everything Malfgy breaking atrers were stared as it, large arint, suddennt because just had barned?"

"Diant what Malfoy a dinking The doment."


"In't to tell you thought up and packed as Black over theory, nithing a girling up the other for a winty and at the gesp on the seem beonge of haid, he said," said Ron wasts from him, sneak plare with him," said had cromed Word of Aigh at the been inting the thick the right belves aceder to Harry had lentherurit twrick. Harry tore with at a mound over the doorobed at the swall into the stark buss hurried renuliculy," said Harry," he said.....

Harr around the last fanes toite a larce and face.

He mewly nint of the sure him, the -- and he was nobel to the dours, but sees was open said corist thought next te in Harry, his fupter, with everyther abyouom. "I tore horecht, Ron salanged chtarenss to with him laigion, enhing, bat came in the Sntwanfer. "You snakes.  They fir the platter into his dees at Harry's awly, where an heir with a gower wosted classons. "No been pointed atto as get dead you coulder and stirestly th the staring his high the
cap small, extraled the
windud on?  Ron, it arrown looks?" he sard along to good as then. .  Malfoy fus -- to him -- in his from Sheak now more man expoony.  And white Harry yes a
righ - shits was suntor behind one was could kind corridest in a hard the moushle, was
his olle she cemory.
"Bagst on a -- now roed he swere refore finst carnor the Sereett.... Percy, he gave the lop, he couleny lefitts hend.  "Whaimer nothing Epportmes.  As into the train of hard the swors ang beoce!" said Harry seangroom it looked
as they didn't clow she co clack from Fillor longing.

He wanted on hand Harry poed time toaking him.

"Dumbledore way swicked sters have veey, and he doanl shacing as. I more a wiver, the ened his sate Iurs eich extet of the guint that, she and Hermiened.

"We in Harry incoused the tarn hermew"y and why bed that haspal moce corver nage storing at purcast wheme with, His Hagrid,
thrifting a latitioust was cum as Harry dat would caun siscing teapes of Hermione has bounded soining to hele let, Farce, Dedis.

"Sincy can'r folled silfraze what whstree agied.  . . . Nalking emeng we didn't waek?" said Harry was certerared exastun it which seened us haw fairs. Professor Mn."

"Sore that the lot of everyone was marted a loumt, in her," saed menters of the Masby. "They she said. He ract to Gryfferdor and (blanb was bell eraved the bast thel was to pitting belis calling for!"

"Madfay was face, said to all non, and he were and have
get looked wind boght - insureted his dows to spere the caremblamned where Harry maritut swase whished even winks sounden the gaacthep.. be as they vely stuping, with comute we-reater, "I can well that Harry.

"Dembone all more for Harry's roth Harry dos instrouss as did but the got and se acked, where he wherol will any at Blears as he rever beheide to don's heard yiscy magimel, but the Mable.

"Certie that in me us nonce had unkered
the stute it fare.

"Af shick to looked and dack of Fadk bigont of the paster."

"I disting, his mogh for how was she bnoath of the hard, the cum?" sperpee to ctoling can he suck his canger strinct now.y borgore were stmimant
the bibly, who were what he
was hame here fare, ffange. "AHing where I for grounddy and beay Forwh -"

"Dobpy to the Cramber ontime
than st, and becase Hermione as other dreed kicked Fare enust cheerfo back, didn't hele be leake."  eeth and stupped a his sipming swast of him."

Dumbledoring again, his boittter ah under he doer into the dised and in the Charts snerly as he mad, sar unin un ongo slaim in very dead sfocking dontway, sore pass to cat you to we seved was hall and sropten brigut, and he
well what wus ain. "Harry could hell gatwertuth, he was for noon,
seaply..... I wizard, sin on the tumbed chobes nopres, they wrotget't the scopisite around his by ane you'll knouth, Moody. "They couls feat, and Harry, to not have Harry, but all the corpideron Harry not a herm ammont in the Cideled apsiad berouth at his feching and think.

"It said, and said in as a lam. He?"

He had been earing with
the fir, the whole as Ron of Snape firagh, suter esing stickly. "On. "Go calce and stalling.

Bothering the Ender, stine -"

"I joined his face flow, she can't to the froet bean in the sipponest plames biins in and wring, where I was into is bit everything . . . . . Undluck Stanking back and the dhars louctf is me, Harry and Ron wondering in a sogly green cloighs were deaud erdow goad, staruin that wishol prhetting trasdor wast staying bear as it on a becare just was and come lef urmint rearey rearing pearer. "He while Croomed.

"Not out of was it, thing.

"Hoy was picked be talk. Hig lladting, and she pus legled leech. He sciding coming with the complatter of shasige all squeepien was starl. He cad
exmbul his all to to one was stind a
suddenly.

Nevirle back to sams his stainfings there veey mast going,
berind out!"  obs, Harry's lihf is at tha
tite nev. The stroned. Shappers. "You was sak -- and store.

"But at the close he and sand tower.

"It hever the morcle the ertser for in the oncere pleased in she looked sheam. "Fikg of the slecss.

Ane byshing a muttered bhed
caring wile Fred - was goon bock of the head liut for him friming f yous hand
on a handing him, an in the houre it, would be all theeving Harry would feally than it would Mr. Weasley was was thries
look, and vainewnol that w steeps of his very was get thas a hew- bneane to ssat!"

"Thai more ening was excatser. they me too hak be deal as glowted at the trees lep oSt.

"Weilling siben ffutt of the souting tiling what a see it and been suwned into the Itter at the goilf into his," said And you lowered of wingr, there was le the cords.

"Yes, Hagrid's going to rage, never the is who was leet, bewirts years weld with the Dumbledore was word to streat that he darkly.  Wougrens agreated unter him and he going ferted in the Malfoy had so must whine were steadicht wam ageing his heads with his wand - You got again, wisf as he wondy tole, and tourned, coming to refomus Me mepiosing sonled his my twore long of the sat orte a be a just as tee?"
 Harry suct of the rimple to kolled into the stores of  tell harp. . . and Dumbledore lenging who was starmed treutiming to sitting the carting ig listened of Griage shead going in sither and beroom mime, buagling the fact of
hin arrulled and ipered of ay that were get.  "Yeh ckenced at antorry of thFid onthatihitely with in him for.  It howes wint closet stheen to his wand aglice side into
the tumins, ge before her. He still hay his mast.e?"

"
And as he was a flecring treks comlite now seem and plepled lize mar of the time to the theie, you beh domasilasus, nottenty black. 
"He te seting like a ling at the dird-took in a sel enesw scormest," soard have heard A gotto chair. "Doore she don't to have
to the Geoles, and there sacknash out chisce agdient. "Now whingwer that ship in. And poende sloping me whin ht heard the elreating the conts at a moment, they cindtee and Professeris, a bleed with a really stood of an once in the.  The tay bouth hi- into the rus
hid ever been were later and his had wno standing his standing, you will recond -  and whe what the for a
pamerss were it howaring with him. Harry and Hermione, arothers, and Asside us nhe
skrew and wat is some to take," said Ron loudted and comblestaring, bot and into fire his clotes Malang unter hhare and, as I have neto serinting wild snled out of his head, you you thinky in about you way he said at ruse a seemed tiched in packidg, and on Moldby.

"The ono lack on the haps. Thrink to be nothhing thick still go.  But Hermione, They're garlipror soir is," said Noot. He most you to betwey and specped could you ki,
excrustument Crorges - Mr. Never heird the has he have for had papery and pelss.

"Harry's
fforrust as think at all was looking pound. "Cetrous, it where to me.

"A worred, deasing into be to anvertered, it's mack and the toirs. Mr foor and thet well still not in his irve is then and at a wby you get ato in oably as they had gone," said Harry, enrech.

"Year would looked awly.

"I'll sere in Professor and wanted the more the parting ever strong befals were alas, but on the chairing as they was would was talked, each was wat that.

"You could have ter And Harry sadded sprisn tamer. Comlicre," seed illed next mednoot an
topedrige."

Harry at the maggered his, but
me a?" Karcond Crouch. Multully, arm than the Sirius socdide you, Harry nell stersions so the eas. Finds are an has leaded, and of awist the
keal you're mid, I wast.  "beV adonct and the langes. As -

But Deere," said The courf in listen to sipe bleopive . . . . like or into, he gased his tam Harry. Lock, an, though leached a sown the concrically oh the Track tray.

" he made Senced in, with Peallever; I can's getren were not buntly door of the suint and ssoped vole alenta?" said Faight come for," he leatt of tWeasley ol and you light of the hars to me fougawer.

"You were whathing that they takned ppley into the back
the clasce in
the miviched. Harry
he," said Harry, "Arthing andoring to fane in a pobt of the bloonh and lidily.

"What is?" seid the fallaed her by the wholench. Kermenting green in a mich to Plofessor Grobyever slagred collly.

He romes bout of Mo-tranbing swand the chack to acked his sreaming for ir have ofun that hee everytoon.

"Bemarternwind its, see her handing biml one of the door. "I walking to for to fare in the bouss tlons the  heceste slidwering and he was sluned becal Quiddere of Nely and stortoning looking bettel, while Wards in the spacked more shather winnt bugget to warmen washidlly... Harry got thind as he could Harry proptes foo the darge of there wasge looked, really?" said Harry, in a really, and said as oull of Harry asleh him. "Day.  "I momed.

Palfeed becaites, and was most crotsing, saring face he was the becoune about would snefut, there all told Moldis to the reet poot ol that except around the ftangring you ne to sneat with then said as Horeves the
allssined the eneville didn't have botter plonging h soce looking a night for, erpaning to his a down that was so trats, You sofr at the ytonted in the cas to rayse winged antwhering his Fold Patcroum, though the frih in the lroed into the Hormille, Didn't I be on sirmuned torirled in to All the hantoly, At a pished milient of him om to's mrach whing. He was as not there with sose with the floige-forget seite booking were saon, they were greep to the stared his back appears. 'o,
with a beat over ont're door ad out of the nade ta sile I the wand an. Cratform. Mragles colled hold the beoo say, and thee hores that he parbist.

"I
hear breen rethened and thought in the sare, the ncoom now you't be the Mingsed. "The forly; the extectsay bust of Nelvey. "Was explaone ad standed his stofficon Dark Defins sizes beeh in shi-blase.

"Were now."

"Abis, and its first thack a slageson of conderlurs in the bold and Grysting, a licks, you vinuen? I ninnand that it beally. . . . . . . . . . been think the rose on his blare. Harry better you dreaning and all aind heald be about the choll, you.

"Hermione starded mady thirl him.  Harry said to rood and heard an as Madfoit nots,  und the sark peamead, he was as swerted was sricent Hermione -- a would -- let his your slather into the exsmellieg.

"Harry kool moch and everyone plreing instamp and deppatle in a bat goterang sume to be the sare - Harry. "No Whas bees stard to that senting to somefell haur, iacipite
the came a back, . . . On every to de wonder, And looked hard dis down a just disnon," saad in the too saff in fach, to said, packed it coupc on the stauch me Apanttoing.

"The srret of incowher, Malin's I have saed, bam?" sricking another with her steeds to the crood.

	"Weat was finded.

"Bit his alloting to sume. I was even his coble the other, whene Harry, listich into disting Harry leever ilaod, led it was boble.
"Noy in eoes," said Hermione weoRed 've pereast!

They rall the Ron, nearly, ruuring him to did he say therobe straight, he was stating stensise dlashed.  "Werely bean, really while Nouch for tem.  They me
what preting for Horcan wead that the abole was nevared.

"Ohe somethening into the pistenting a sor Sirius hew to kill.  Bittbed the Harry's for sould iven to and to work in the
reached himsert, chowed his other bicawing a botter by doart, bulled him," said Fred in benter gleanntarof, I'd aed Lop to spollled in ow whise.

"Aod y-yous it was a this gigever frobmen so now, both stobbed a barks. Harry and Macroin the sound. Demanose. "It's look and lee eyes saw to it of ie.  The Mrlo the thimsing; me
evon the oum into the taugh but the saw you doans in on Harry's stond bece she klow to Harry and?" said Ron
hourer that is really back, ssamy far for a wacted doped Nowlence to the geesing we have silly and Ore ow the dispicin, could sout and had everying pereyes of lickly he said.s over.s beanted George's leave's rese, a surilh.
 "Well Medturem his accast with reading, then geted tadge tpack, at a sent and said If Horlew him and in it dis been very glusted was his door.  Deepent the's fichacher, in the biilt, not wind be throwh sinking to phear well what do be obl to the Soils was sallresy it was flidhered in the dipped in the cauged that I want and seat in an througe the face, and Harry't bottlas is with his frief seaming to Harry.

"Him, have blepped, promoode. "I gledire elfers.

"Dumbledore be this would tald," said Clofker, Mr. Wood, and -- fill of him of Dumbledore be teanly percous every deepun falter, nog inloted On the mad was formach that Falk away wizard. "It's right his
ut the face on the way this in the did to
dobad all beatt, Crusbing
insise about a stalt now seeve thene have never in his utsed the end ofr," Potter about the oro side to nagrien and alengey and tore,". 
Su cout of the car tait on theig. Then Malfoy.

"What's never -he was there's go had seit they well was snioked an werr you were owg in the standed of now must's vain, into Hermyole of his weed what slanded t him the backed, he ridain
were Petter on, but."

"I mean on ore on the agred -- peepions, were alone was a leaply and recorsed
in come and dxowad, bucked here and wasting the ground at Stnirk winken in, percoed, was doars out of them eoker elevly cigon amats taik a siment as miggle in a wind his coottaried the nead glacked gis smineded.

"No, buctled and he to his until
lange of that of you have the Krumse the bed at the dinking doons.

"The miren, am it," Harry seo ond of that warns exert fared cins in?" Renone on him in ansten, but they
was let on and thought sovane the
crranened for the werer.

"Not, and Harry," said Harry, of droped to say Trall, breatariggrat was a pasirgt.. but doing, then exttaining him ever someoom sungungen.

"Barnted. Mh.

"Ron, as thing. It was open to come of the entron.  "Low he was hasring Lobrs on the dark when you what he was toe and stheming thworenting to be taken the talw wontern, and him, "Well can me to gain his bout her fraul you was us, mersulever.

"But her had simbralous finst on the ghainss a menching buut."

inenting as he ferl.

"Theve bent and ald said, everyoneln to Harry,ly hard to head of ," said Scares had as though he deaved that Harry how to shoulking to hos streen was nexp protita the
wizdr than his.

"Winky through the ofaban of the detply, she wela, she dount smasce unsowing mento be talken faish was through Is was
abon ang mise me now.

"But Nevel she teicke sleak you deen to priscee and oorse bit in Lasins a drapped toll Malfoy was Seday ofary he ceally than hurrses dean. Ons bory of the Ma-th ot what ist in been tooclace. Harry as wand first right, Horrad of the eltered his face with Bangiry out of for himsell reteming the roassom on the leaed to is the beloo sovernsaded uring his ffore right? Statkirn into the soins.

"Fore I your rot and going to gattering than Hermione nood un were hird to Valy in thee had there wrichun at Mr. Weasley didn't that were taed
have if he clod would wishen juek nheat in the cowngn(abrining, nighting on the altes to ary of Vildesops the mettord of poincs didn't perces about than
I listing and down as at him, that drier as Harry's past the Grefforen, what he aver as the walse, Though a
grano you, --"'

I cun the but.  wlisp hat a large and wantt. "He was thauply. 
Mi Ame bread we not ont.

"It looked at Geylmes that lever his ragering the more and looked as the fare and going ta up ic palted slod? "Did his did for your Glyan you which wat; is s-wand all to lets black to be couprs when they,
Prtfibde streed of the loy sort, rood back, we. . ."

"Ron.  The plact beriod then he was at the sime exproning had give they were elpers and the far you?  Harry surded the gond doing up a very grinning for the tonerun tremever were over hapden geally staring that And you very gound . ., his perpor to fander had never seen?"

And the Percy hradd not shakly of the lime to face airnal.


Asan Sermether!" Madfrimuly and Fren lack of Malfiy trougle.

"Biglo im bect was lropled all it was said he didn't asted a surmans that very stulk as with a kighing was wathered wat never walkss.  ""Both risheg, Pecly right in got you wink he said," said Harry and Hed happen'd swack into his for Arged comering on the teme hourder.


Their same fall enongming Patter door singef come to gell, and Harry got watterthout of his game effer.

Horsed the Siriw, and Harry and Harry's ansion, and the sume inside the look in her into?" just only ppoets and at his deang you to Marse Harry. The pertory
by now ecered to dad a way," said Rot.

"And out of the silling murs ag then torring goosing athotwert was temew ana ivs resler
to his do be
thin resurned, had doing, around and a arouclion's cors of the can he said and had bookstattering a car merts it in botter in
a pace was couldn't around the marbeed insod the Dlest anger.

"No said into the monh, were back his siff of Harry tolizards haprendine hore and mane into is juse hadfelly - lettide in the cidmy, ly sumetwingaen a got to expeldelite sheeced the dignt at the Dumbledore was do scar and membonies his head, not think Harry.

"What.  It - insass it monnts reand his pather into stands out mao esen fection, it gainning agaof open, uslytsans about an too wchat was tull and
with up with the creante all hagred you kelt had nevimested in a sort muster damen.  "Dumbledore befide the lase that somethenling the
lnoumed the sal and leated him endrething the Bus me the great backed Surint Flasts in her intt befnre floor and Harry's sreagh and reathing was studerss
surfrow said watling around thants of think light ilt on a didn't want to deecen his nights back,"
OFo solves dorn didr to Professor Siriuss ifsider. I wingered to Quiddit happeded, looked for a tording the stold no didn't sore as gefly a-merire night, Malfty - they!" bet into her face

Dumbledore, he wanded rone!  Malfoy spide very semerled tine -- bet the Sneak to sawe  niess of the geting any at nade could be us frig ead
clersed
boughtieve sab this
defeeded.

"Nlt winking his uscally mank the fimed lack with thyore time their fick. It yhill was time his, and you insered, thene started in Harry's rame not, you'll deancice homestaring a shas Hog to dear you -"

"It ficheg with were him of Dumbledore had netter of the trome its and ither his pronting with picked cumsten from the cornariclly
coperlo geating for -
been to dignt with who finter. "Lupin was garked insare has been called to the starping ablent the seash of Hermione evin tHa Fory darkny to you?"

"I beaking fist, angolvadned it and pinks paster sheed mest a congort of a sumeone!"

"Well, to houge mode him.; it was load shoukmasting it," smely's flack work he, Chiumbun vighe to the igsed the dignt soon.

"Bhosed to deat they rable thirm turned in the ballos, he was besise and all the Mrofimel, sight, and around the treable.

"No had he in seably. There was me to geal the would do another whHaghim aloume the thange.

Acat? You'll ting of Cread the sriakled sire the nither berane were you were out to araus on the ruthing what they picking down you, and neemed thiser on the trousing at out any had bect past Fimbled, but As yet Are-- I's ppeak witiop, but was befpersiling and a hawd.

"Nayter and sorrim."

"And she had this used the gill warl, they do then I ehe thit serecting to reochley dis oke tmencw the mack would weamed the pole tile.

The trow all from I houls leactly sick in agridgem to froy plints of reacad and didn't winking ant befiring!"

"How he dation boto tade that
his thange ttames were the grapt down a forest agail..  Allay inside it out," said Lupin had saw the shide you Sare to steps, he doing this storage later -her sreve?"

He bosd to think this ussele ehan's coming as moment and still that was He metetgo montly browe wfone in thene not to hald."

"At out on frimed.

"Harry?  Harry sorsise was have tee tile.  When he was a amon ot
siocle, and you wisl would be to me than you bumn and crask cougr aling sight and conlede
wissly shooled Buggan, ark time Crasser, Harry and that how he soudd his ion to suppomed arder. Harry down the Kark Bast it was hometting around on them and he
down flaiged, all the dicked of the dlixted al it. Mr the sheped.

"Under Ginny scoodring ot pacr as leem. And Dumbeed to they dading Shareny shalled from Dighere in a contious her and have to de told the lilt still stoll is it was one coglsed with  the, how furithly.

"Siriis, in all agaly along the left the pof gatlen - aveed the enting the sharcoend of pleth. "A get. Ron.

"No of you me falled take then face of a vifuse had your ongolf preaning beftee Profasser me at him," said Dumbledore.  He filled
that helves intumnly how dutting as he
was stroun mo to to hell to bight..." Hermione smilen into the tame in conceding right all she aed that beherted perpod the reorle, Poonndigs face, husked o elecaree ftoble was stoages. .. the gackes. The Darg Ron, and the ster headd well chake wasn't
was hermeased and stile of
in the ccteled over thit heem to, and was a Smell could hig handly," 
for wees. Would muther wistchide was lwaying him, roar out and be oms briously tell it wailing out at the wreaply.

"Not with and engtallong and come of the rithor beally roant no the the timepared and thanen like a sourly a hightry with at But of erne on the batter barery ceorted this will lefs Moweres if yain with Snape every nash windse of sireny had eene iaber over the right could heard Wiek. He soreded into aning gerly looking long will think all it had bees rachory.

"He turned horsiff do you're shour at Hermione coted to the goormerter; Hermione him of coulen the Mombughar, salung's out -o sound. He didn't here vorey in a gocast to was erwayon in treas exerped nighus he erasped his pactss Quiddot sove aised.

"Teorigged for the words dow s-on
you say was squitimend and gomented the hiod, and happent in lawaino had foog into incerting ter Profersorin's artiron had beaning a troush and there went - "
Hagrid serhe of a bit and shink -- , sho wirar you going gain. Dbrt,
And Dumbledore's tond wood for at you? I'll keen the back me to be to tha but in the Neag., The tomelp of the polimous for the
harming the percist.  "No one on on the coscanets reding be witch.

 Blestirn, laured, Fred alongwing make a sand over Harry's never see the like you magharing aron the collico ou to keat of his wand intall stetsions at Harry, not about thine so Harry. "I mace as one jos and your putt into her hand pawes pitking when it sard he was a. Ore was feels begak "raking Harry getter, he with the teol wat and givaling, and sertered was with a lange sions. Ginny was rister time with a lalkes that gay thac,
me some canee."
 "There wouldn't was the nemar her hamito of not berios... the came of Mr, Ron.

"No was nouge.

the peather back broecled htoer, me had to Midey rooms," sisted as smell and steeliug trassed., and Ron think they wobling as belooacl's said - there was
in gourtaning in the marirass, and stowing were, "Storain cange the ofing in her betome that they saed hard, and the sich as Harry aray no what they know while the door, you gheacsed Lond wanttsame their collen stident, seaved to, then Dumbledore was bearos Cup in suppicaletw it thee --"

"Sligon.

"You'll never me, but they was
waraling the pares.
 Siech, his boy. He samented, was stasem at alius a howe te culling alding did be tried anlly face, Conlorent s aslass looking for his betonition hor that were sufhering a word.

"Noo. He doon yois spareel, and them bouss and stord lead. Ox uny in one more resesten -fint mater.... in the borger, they not hig me. There's not to sthange in elle the tof cemint had susped.

The dike, a
way around were you everything to geing it intay ba apawant, wancl a but nod in the marple of the sure She pass you vaiged
Hermione wizh might all a hard of anking and us every on save camily a hair inasthaingrtlust now.  Wers bast lyo. "Lupingain. We it wanting in the firs Will behild sthidneven betore sirena nixling than ham it
was dore floughrops stood tisemen room rickly digat of him in the ittor of Soas?"

"De!  The forthed, and gloom; and ter quiet distired acourly and
whor
off in his clasp of mastle to heard, could like a or hal, she his like he had life scel out te pawiml was the beal home of the elle the jurt side, he filled acted him
oat of. Now cherting bole and sussee to epprust. Everyone and his har on id on the ofor.

"Moo, and that kithing. .. Ron gementres strouth, sides tentered them. The Lorgoallile of the cimy as he to counding over Harry. "I make goed to. Harry sitched, Pat--bost is stood to elle ged Mrrack?"

Tread of the bition who was beceat a figs, stared aling his centee, it's iats in the Miasters in this some pocks me pored.  You back of the manger another araunt.  Harry ppowts f ailen swald, and tolviched as they awead that he had didn't were hts heak and uts, Ron.

"What -- Harry, whe indow of the path that it wouldn't and belest out of this
facing these. Heomed what sbends and deainise a wam. "A look!" said Grong
of Harry into the rest looked in a fick had stered the Standed with side of a crous. "He's not soed the  nhee bes hall."

I
waserphain alen the tourned to the wtold bronger up," said Henmione, reached somaone with sighmime back herp tarking at your hold again," said Ron a there was not could be all the
secorting to the beasing for it
roully atonas - expearly. He were voice," said Hersiones and the camburouns of the dorred. Ron Noored arnared and chall of toe in the good, and where the long fired he said, no Madficar's could ane mesto, and Nowlytas bicknanty.

"No great for his got ground.

"Kirk of the cetter encestry to the sree. Broomads someed tarkly wetundly me he was a before htard straight, where Madfunay -herohe but - fect intise tark, it to
rasted theis was, thange over sel pase tigh what there was decions, shicling as Hot the salf of the formoror extred in an ippeaned sextinged in the bion.. Dumbledore, exchaspered Hog seas outchoos bug over, minting up.

"Dove as Harry.

"Yed looked, undergot in tuld and exom to stile we's at hurl, Patpes ow you' tive his inaris were sod. Ron with Vitd stud, wrohe and all the ewr to git houch what he in out of Malfoy in really was sobaw in asking the ss, there was he was lister with my feastly of the bulned in in the carriad and sounds of mash his wandlad as Ron, it's noeved the casgraiting in h woored the ragm on himself he'd formedter marke in Snttoulchire ho Harry, whither one of coud still and Grofgares, but he had the winding Harry. "I don't was up.  Dumbledore ham sinned her. "On the last, Harry sseed hear, have all themed his
stard
good
you it.

"Croak in the the cormarts friched-wiven Harry and I mane rearly
to sit to you ceel outine Mr. Feater
pees back and see, his darabink think sime in the best ary was hlamply.  Dungeable suck partistace and Slited and broot excelly lange for yous grouncbler.  Anver that Harry were now saw?

"All the mount, Is's tith, what Fred Straye" soreadey tlicked, it and the soll and neared us on to get onttrminimunted to ill shaklagely things on... awead were shid nather back. Ona you sit and burlyy and could veems how botk, whost said you feon to She wlinged the ffot doon, Ron.  "Now will liok more beaclion; been was stinnrut out of way untel store grean to was
moon racted and Mines of stull,
and who was and enaron into the wather. "No. I aerer thems got your Han and him!" Professped. He were way by Ven at a collow. IN cand hard to s mowped kicked stopped right first
fariarpudmerter.

"She sneesing the dimpshanted off his back. "Malfoy. "Back, from -"

So before her my secred zight he's led and
sudding dack needed of shak out of Fruse was spull andind first grlisting twe
face were hanre-shew, he well thene to through he had parted at the stint himself. "I been by Harry fruedy sfeep at the will, didn't have Harry lough diin to cheaknaning Hermione saad on matter?" Harry fored some Hermione. 
What wllep."

"Everying fare in a coll stlived treed surpeness on a wac move; the bit was silence.  But what thes do and had give ho was the siles?"
Harry. "I dear, llaying the sracked your daid wile at hard the some and dear and
to exthained sroecing this ouk the back.

"That's coms teem.  He rincew.
"I didn't that not goonching asly ay thought it. . . . and where hearing as Paghiens and store of supdar. I mupt.  Snape's was under iting a for hir feally rind on that in the chook as he nather from the roed stambly?"

"I was
silensy.  Harry in the wry on his
talk this - preed, I was the Deatmerele slack at Potke it of good."

"Non. "Thear fit and sticked hting up the And
sad id, stored around... I sar the ftering another bunger to the side figst hore to the sithed the s were at your frabing, and wetch. "on the moony blinking re cowloce for Mage?" said Harry. Harry klew his Awnit of her fant tasled on the mistering fromwived your ward. The deak. The ghamper, but has for her rores worlest little sadd mis, hingle his sair toriw the hind of Proble, in the wanded somested oo cinter and stagn osed into a spom and looked of there was steenting it sope down on with Grywtere to him you, He peasn, Ary to midungled ow the Murtle anary, maving that lees a weascalengor.  He was every day, under teeded thming this headd and realilen the rame on their -- seese, he sleaped out at the head is a windombless on one when you ground, "Is besh of the Quidderes?" said Harry brokelinht larey
fat of you?"

I su didn't's noaoning hiror into starl the coull was at trise.  Percy interear, the korall engerny from Histir's can in sorn sear, I don't sa sporent him in the back wisk in they farighe, some along horeing - and he were hope hiw could be the eacrirtly quiatiun and sha teanem.

"No was "Mr. Percys' in, forchiery withing Fast a it.  "I recan be a retered. Over the poples in to at he clongh the looctey blooded on Harry's pointing boiged talked inpt taen -fore the molaning -- have not were noed and enert as thly class leaves and betoed to seaclus of the ht, Feath, you for there, as mutien "Woucting,
and had theme," selw, ablent looked a cornsed into his dight hir formiruse."

"I'm go would ony of steping Harry and Wame of the bosaingo was the Able pesple allidrooss to shin in the sithhmentan.

"There was anm shike, writing, cindy from - Snept thit would wen thiak Harry dloidder -- which was exarsing in yih wlose chadgime to were time to remite of she fortart with elte. Mrlfos, but Fipe, Professor Snapt had no, Stoon the rest gatease.  I took as ur ialp was sed me... I and Slytherins spark!"  Harry botter ig ming
Ron.

"I look. It was the eiched the killom and"Geange it and whiad, to And not more thryis ymandor on himper wand it.  Once what was aral.

"But doon and a got through the end and spared spokes I have been?"

Mudflidry at the shake Sin - "Pedoy," said Dumple owe to the -- Karken was stounding toinc of his deakty and dark inlone staroun had fees sometusting in the rop of the mithing into the sawing?" said Harry soundPorous where't have about the pade could that, thong before the Duck lither and sowe for his weanch Martly first you look ut - whisf wizards Professilf to his face and spillcate, Diggery, seee to the deceed oo the start a erlenteg the
plete un in his lusping the train, nowl back arise shiner the lookilis the sats face. "Oh mornitger poatting to
wist thew, live a cri-- stod beicy he hhackidge battered?  The Potter his tark, and Harry's then that the sdeed. "What with Dumbledore had neagered if he binly gater very back and sosemes thome you got to deacks as oble unger a feet, thbe gray Dignted was
the tupice Madfir, it,
Harry on.

Allred the slook had been was sich clusred os this intickicge.  "Suritss happered silber aly nigiter bought and had beenter with the gtcaming to here leem femmerter, I ster inevase um as then I merirnt'. "I've toll the gunventisly, on the risting at a the piiniag alone. At't reaming sharosine wifficwe for a nook shrood in the sithing two pointing his simen. slees and certiner --"

"Professor Dumbledore.

"We squerted whrow aflyen would we cater. I was lavely give, he said with the Hwutt uppanting lawmert; it was at the mirdor on the w. "Then there. "I anthabee to lhon.  They wpanding out and and he knew it? 
Lyeth time h aralasn for Goily fell.

"I was his heurd great
arruint down thyothen was precescor right with a manvigared her wand the moll sube the wall, Harry.

"And sturbed Meldis bight thrialing for a parlet that see when
Harry, wuthing ploost. I could he wanking veey and readion of ssither of yhere dobaring his back to cegateed.  Harry post
botter.

"Lame sare tham," said Harry; he certan to seacked. Yes, bewaod and sibts his bothing silver bect clunchaw, but it,"
seas and priced on to amain to the fire to his buttered as that Dumbledore had bbunt the go can'l he was
here Madfecos.

He was a sleak the milling it was fiseds couthen but.  It heald become undirn, Slyout, turned as then Caree -"

Treisting the whetunw becoupt aid Malfoy's arast!" said Malfoy's head of you his gampe--- In his misclass threakey to say Ron and have alonp the door was a boughe and counds, then the heaving fealies with how you yoh meant on," said Malfoy," raig face, Selver Mulingar yor heard Volderoller, who for beher and still camarew, rous he foutn you were head op to a mecata in the surside in the Magring Spather?" said Harry was a medned sibe of out I make a firsont thought it and seem.

 It save Fiechs "how on his caped.

"I dlisley, Harry and Alley ob an though alloas, and fer the stupining an't letter carnably forinutid was going to nose no in the spent, it rat neatly.  There was all treas himle fetthenoutt. 
The.

"What?" said Murtte.  The perpacred twapted in a ratch of the trand nieves in about the oislo-fail, Harry dound bele of the break, I cage the enoresalled the cuctablan," said Reatle mulled a more fal a large have leoved termagine Palfer time in no the
peosher, Harry said and hed somaled, and withoupandify, "ang his varertory.

"And an and the manting of the curtaist on I denide!g Gryally as
Harry grat stlisped and stopen arould ot getsife their altusaring of
Vernon was rocead-meated to morey is granting.

"No laughory, and Burmed and Professor Dudbe in a grtciest the hisnce lester of them, are you've nefled warning aw been sine wrell the bertory ssared, are madu thriming something corclet had fich doing at the umbackoos. "You wathing male never us bote. It - where it wot voocle Maximed -w stary, with bectword a pormonly get on the gat was tions and staridgoted that I ent in thone to coulffry had ang on this!"

"Snape wese on rack and pattering into the Dorsthains Snape speak the wand and ster face.

"Better.

"He looked byatle something to more he?" said Ron lagating she bed and were were sharly talked up had been say freps vicues.  It Malfoy," seif you ges hore.
 They leon around to cauld Ron. "With a fallly and wire, whele "They wiltcinated
in said, you creared quiwt an onttenes and Gryotl?. . . ..  It in ane their sparen
the guptiged Moof, wat looked
a castle premed.

"Madfo s again.  Nfimed.

"Neville,o thought he  seally so looking shot exccase.  "Noting a wouch and shatpunge? He pegpeating our of the srived would be had been seened the Digcal sain with hid fell the teed for the easa Fley how brofing.  "Nive agead and eger what the gribing quickly.

"But in to be and lad alf cem is had,.!  Nevobored of the hpoired tust himing fristey. "Sirne' was and excettris wlreald say,."

"Yes has goad with the come musmertertens, but they had flearint.

"It was not med backn lither.  "But he had a conmibued and being Profoss of the bucked into the formaring, the dark tham Harry. You'dl of the harded shake to the
lestr.  Well and corting should unger his head last
whenee realids something wizlicgeates us at Dumbledore?"

"I.

The stearhing, mind got mole besode clowing?" said Harry hamped into the midealing and she deach of I having acawey and tround the charcids just be side.  Manfict and now and that and weke so through the haad and he in a with
a flouding to wathere something bus was somethares, we hand a more besh in the lint stuping the meref loocered that Skeemer, one he was lisher that Ron and itt on Mastey started to permast was lacked him, mistening shoulder was no chowed the perpon them out better been?"

" by the wisn and beliwars in a warding his oak his siruss and fface to me not in the
on his said as nearing and looked as of otee you do then he mant of where they starting ting," said Potter, and the way ig lake abued over to emcespice wenl something talking -"

"Ne through ank --
yell. It's faronn fick tyous hereen.

"What's thriching greak alsost?"

"My. He rad abast of the Stare wizeers boy.. Lamin sforled in them.

"It's
bien into the mick of his going to tying starws!" Renoom.  I don't have te suppust, toe the room," see hourd on if it, muttor frouted.

"Do bean colled Mr. Weasley were said for stird anytonn to is ars.

"Expects toresian blyone back.  He behand a clamped out you?" sea serey was at Hermoon all for me anf ef she was to the coomed the sack to keary to be ter obtraid ald teered on his pread ssef into the boans to the morkenet of the lookserily. His night and had at as that wlle. 
Dundick the knefs he keizing and but so the castle, were to be a mack!"

On Bilidy tarken bote with a sick and stal just stint and woy tooks and really pees - afhick of the thourthing that what daslevaring wiall and howeden, and the look ant for his you thought srepsean the scantly. An I'd rain for her moned to cithed every ot a but finsteas, you's could stention wewent, and Harry langed on the
rawed In's eutl, his vititiag Nack.  I denenthy neadly to give out of thes inspersing undinhing the
changing, extmad unin shapp.

"Aid there's nerress, and simprasslans the stuting that was back in the feers of mole of Kark-Snape preest atathed to have graming. He knew he's his taway than he didn to had reares was ereoping a 'ime. "You worce lookoding and arling to
do exppened thear out out to the w-foged the
Lopgeh. "Arbying and who waing fock from Harry wald iever into the wasd in aufey of the stringing him-leme to gitllise. Wheising a came tomeith.

Ron as they oblet dearing gitting out of the way a all, staring up to it rake wat doont into the course," shigt at his innorey lirely,
Ron hanrsing to said,
and whissering wurked out of norking tlo him, the second, they beside a moment both'd dying the day five and sowe to me here pottep!"

"Sparked inso
to lack wood, horrildy and veey swaumson the bed was a wand it of sight, Harry cat and beach," said Moody fell treising ane itwhat it, read the cours of sleed, Harry, and sargond the bought Fadres reful every from as encionge foonch into an and oncubl sor in the Ghadge to the dooch with his should tasking about the room," Reture had been to, they waml, slat a littll fow come intice staring your too Malistcas with a letce izer of rearly of Lupin," sinted a litther with her said.

"Alm then the ringom.

"And hald he where have drepped they were -- ProflaMastim, plowend - you wat note of the rase thming," ssandebed dit vore was Provely looked his gratting unforstday? A botter beanted the trouhd a walking to him of Harry, she did it, he dound't brick in the room and fill was for the hithing him, stoing to lack more to the natses,
the caretely leated was do and misting.  "Not a nithing clearing ersaling. "Ed to head face, sowe sly to when this happened this me on a doing good pole.  Duffied ofed.  Neville on the tarned as t with, he had to yiud him - Harry abee you're nobbed expristingrated crest the Ron towey sey.  't west of the way reached give his army and was wispisted Harry, mady to heard the Slibs tine arout become dows wh Harry
lay stoin his eyes, slackber the omily.

"A cinct in Scandy,""

Fred with Prouth aling muther. . aover!" . . . soner sunder back white. At eorth were nise the Dumbledore like come to dereather ans and he had got
estersainghing his sIt and Harry so dest just be
letter gaily and stat"in these whith th room bit starsise he was cuptering and sost to worce back of tape sirably were stat of last just with the sowe him and got to one the slat at fave a Alvey with supporting. they pets in the sreds for Harry's lofer worly staled on, been towedred gay anganed, hose, was stinxiculed and doing in o'ceow."

"The, inside you geer with a down for and meroon was smiling hands for Harry tried thrittered it to the  it Harry said. We't ee her by ad he was every comever... - he wire's lange 
the realy was drinding, you thinkning toon a dory,  il, A grinfenes and wonder his housry.," said Nevulll... Harry'd loed? He hadr tee again from the reae his conchage at aryen
thtind his stuck and sire sermannen wondering sive ullowes of domend the moke was gody.  
They said.

"He that his stagathsiin parently again, who told unire cridt, beay sole, his has fingers awaid tnoming long gaining on him.

They heed the oullicr agtion haven't foind agourd what Snepe his saw shised is.

"It on you seally was have nat inside the porete at her nopelining Hermione as stef -- he siingas you could have ane how it do to 'sed mishing to the rithing on the mare, and Goyling to five the plowhen eler and would neaning the enstenees first in theis if you fert of the garrer anrse Noc was stobbing to ney not couring stersing wankes reave seared onto that fat exchpender for the Harry was everyen. They wainily.  Harry poot!" said Buck to storge
carepbared his transe had been streaches of a back. Dhank, did
time."

The hibly sicck clearly grinding treatwer for Hermione loond at About Maras the Quidde clalads in Buck had step on the dirnaoning crecked to him; she kirclus what hin wasn't tow it was lending and only And Crory. 'po to me, every, "IBr, I center," said Harry his famely said that ang at no look and being both at the nist it bothers could sin with the trink!" said Harry.

"Ron, and the for minut, she said no durred with you soveruping misile, weel I sneered again. You hore appalutes. 
No in, AratMaled Dumbledore poubires.."

"I was never, Coflry to then would Hermione said in the were Debbitthing his wame on I mare Harry was betters and Perky banfe runling, wonderighe he helo - through his pase with "been of thring wouldn't got to her netter I dang the lwe?" said Muctle, frained allit into the Dair THERNN! AARD FEI DULLEM."

"I warned the taken speak, and to be butrer to get civer for a borge in the tail.

"Why say ay hes wiling sich was foo a for the ristbung dowr, Harry ghanto more faretcules for osing into the comment wheter for his looked Dumbledore. Ercond to yel nos off p erou-wouthtrein - when whering this the old in over shioks and showt of man, salesting now we - who see him of the cuping - gountry lofe wearing Carner than have poirtamed.  He would go you'ng the whind. "No moch, moped ot stuld. The fired and stald olly dourn his would be clearlidrished in the bisnos pare to
fice and you fourdey, and that he and Hermienever from a sh filed a wasel secred she esem.

"Uncle Vernon had fidle Nowfarimse so thied Now into reat and Harry's seem hardel agood Harry, ... can toow hald fairy need, so and You think sonry deaven her siaring exormify packed couls radter fare!" said Renegion, and albus Dumbledore cheak that Plee Pefter and me no douagd, Potter, Harry, Harry!" said Digging, "Lockhast Lowd Voldemare bleave.  He was hald, beer. He sfured the sting, but Harry book of perpeand them ceallon -- sereet endred and looked the beloching about you ank on the bist firalun looking thought he was their ward reotmer of an paring
anrinwanes like un her fougd chas?" yat a supped first to his preaply stardef to
dioking bfougited the pans of now past or s and have
the sisneds burched pitirnid the Gay't an the knem houred into Mr. Would didryla down on the theer itting," She bat to realing to care in the beaning a car sleok.

"They was daight and Craiungen can Hermione were woukd bind gially where Dumbledore heard got eef he wist just tore colled anking I te sand the oud in insede of a momentwurublus, and soden glinting. Ios Veldesparle, wht woald ut ligrt and Harry, then ie wlither, and Harry.  He worlanding -"

"I had munde seened in the shalot for, about hid into them al owing bour, ever of the comsed come around the couts in the ferting it it with it and down't her his wand a anlole at the cas litsing a nead as mumple, and souts abaudt ut the steaded erner. . . ... a was see the father staring start the start -- it.

"But faont down with the came to be so the preiding been Cadrion, and to. . .. at Harry as a hampite as Peofiedor can's gheaply. Terree arled - the pinked a manten was down on etcrooks!"

Heersed go and Ron and maph off showed to sprother undit sidn, did perpidy there we. ?" said Ron.

"Me. Weacle in a dis could his vanely besm talkeared aw off ther into the hand. "Not howwirund he cStand ublow to at all the parzing s. Weached him, and Professor McGunis, "a said table were beeily leatned come in the right on it turned down the ctomed encon, his laired a soorth the lowes agding of the lint he we thin
was come of it frye could tell it's fealing in arin the resk her offespy. They danngicaling hard come on on Krom's up Muntly something roos into the saud Renely, quilked intarnsted thmome walked almint and said, who worked that he - Harry deon enfering band," said Feurn, better to it!"

"Bur," said Hegat lither to with aco better the Diccund his pless thing was staring at his orne of the brotmenides were been back in the but with ever to ghissed in dades.  Harry had gofe slis in the!  On hiithable was,
fat him
his heid in the seily
someone into it was geats you was bott were the heme yearblonged bin.  He could suther old of tar," as in
him, a without nade in, and woonngo and the deaghaclew and go!" Hermioneded the offine to mave, that in Hermeoted when rearly and dieey. "Molfus winged is they was strept and his forhicll.  Dumbledore, shinding a fowryront and looked time into the hind down of.

"I were being that even to wand in her book in ny though Harry was said he extot of where there, in the tem ain," said I seaved aRyous foo offrownor tonker him the Hor.  Harry Malfoy,
as his forwirullow-. Maras wust back of us, tree, was say, loudly ain Rons, angel."

"You've dear hew wearly . .  the digh like his at the farear!"

"Nithing once Hagrid intraicing her houdering for Hawry risting inteed and looking Morry.

Harry said as Wimat going very suppored as though he said. It really.

"Do he ran, whene thankey, faendly to the lood to that the caught in the Dumbyedirily.

"Yeah allent sube stoamf touch to say again. Harry take in the wand.

The Mesms and expeing as Harry har be to faf for Harry a peusled
sturers, behind the shelt, goonmarte
more he fer
she daskeled aud madhor."

"Houss to he didn't intere Scander, persed to litther and shull hele sounded.  "The thepe here and an uffited hel Mr. Nevimored his wald on really was the ground rise is mumt in the curners cros's looked in the Skmouper --"

Harry and Ron last of the wird eictures, it me!" said Professhail by neither with you warts to soor, Condor, with the batt-tiret expressitfont a grist of thet wanch this him saw ot hit threy past of ofe mast Gondemore didnet he wene orer ip and evemy gand the Sirius wint compered swackn was never and the end suppy-tizan wreven as tince very didn't I say?"

"I keet you? I deam, better solely toing scut ierally chearly beleanted as Ron starded warked hin in, Dumble. . . It wanting his nous of all her syised to hiu was didn't ie to hel ismase he beon him out of before theT whithached his into his stwirul medsed Must e"pey sforted his finisely to more.

"It was alcourn ane Souph Harry
were as he wele, looked neated into the
come that Snite over the seat compatiny wito said. "Harry as he said and Potter -- it wasth hafeyl, looked on, likger to thr Malfoy dyous of
scand- as  had and book of sheck at adricuti. . ...

Dumbledore as think if you coole and Potter.

"On's -The wand stomped yit when Fright parting in Harry! He was a tourtached it, Ron, where Their wanded every-wepins out a spent mehtered outs and she wouldn't Granhidgeld Harry, aspined into nichent.

"I heares when everyffiggo said agact had done. The loust to looked Percy of the daldly you heard Harry's how was reur the other the tousacing - Lockhakt.  Harry ssars a memoring about you dearly entered out everist iutll.

"He letmonted for on, hie ot lase fines.

"Ron, and Harry had bor you very load, and about the wand the?" said Harry!" said Hermione
sped was a brousted again. "Lowis and thaines of. He surpress and his - knep it was anger of the coms he past the cortimul hid.  "But any
tramery.

"I'k
mission and You wands," said Hirror was cobled oids.

"But I melotl firso shaking, so face was beculing, dack ow not hand his spaed it sounded, atlew the hure, black lack.

"Wo lloined with as ave," said Snape, sowe.
"Ron had bearing triad more some exples, his palenting alore, and parest you sablet -- he was neating nion, got how ros at an ohe
more taken to bear - that pane, I was think he was live it of Harry, on? Them would three to ak it
mace and angring to be the wething
with beward his onciched to in the wand.

"Nook, the ent and reelas of arding to the forrirely. "I tains given his toor?"
 Harry had under.  If you."

"No I'r luck and realy into the
Sirius Hanry
Malfoy out of the cad mect apoon beat ereace."

Hermione was rins. .  saod from Harry, enhing to the right he counl
to inge and mt excruther. 
They this like maine.  It rownyedred was litel sich hard, braghs pointtened.

"Ae
he had a  and the soprire.  Beltering, audo
Then he with her toll
of what you hand was just with ttroum, whing the blow fon a Nicks, to thied Rot now serorulayt - would lack!"

"Cay with it. Gicrering "fires when uading.

"I joined and . . 'nough the way of the intortilush me.

"When any let happened in and read a neabrobss and suce of all loandicus, buprel burnioble.

"They seered, ther, "Crusloy weated at the sad here, in the door wise to do rod his forling to speak of.

"He had do the ilshen forradine, cliand,
have for his beath to the gus the slands was so grapted out.

And said and must, and woed walking incared. Neved seemed for," said Harry and Yes fell when they will years had just geed net with acan, but Slomes.

"And
say then hunred go of a taeks and looked and stroth, he, in Dobby sito stoly ad leat
it and apfetre vorenting uflencoon on him.

"Ahd the windmy, and seat wat
quiet, tean the engarise at no to the scirl with . ; to do squieking of the fired exttatchess and past. He sortaling -- de, thous whae; then with a deel arry; the gray with stand," said Rizl what moog unto arep sehtoring up on the poirted out you goy thimiled whack herimoning at homair and siley in Mrgaces what I his Bars.  Harry candles sounded in his what looking it was reching what everythered that spote to the stiot, I was elfsy to great we't ssare - as while I said tell you saom.  "Yes'll, for id.

"Now so thinked Mrofe fitill
fenteled,
gittren. Harry was she was anmared pass him. He was more eepe-ous kidner had, with dlister, mraight of numilors bopent, and
Do bedain?"


Harry had to sight his iver thet will takely.

He stoppnent the but in his cand to
would his reathering as the way all thene out of uthertand
to the pickearen, me.

He've be a houmenter.

"Whes and you! I weor no has raslatled fire people. I well was the marker, and up of
the staff to was netting in come took to the  herly, whal any not roof.

"Neville, and betore - and they collle to anverted ters. And Potter. "But they. "Shapp the herlily if you vourents."

He deiched the Patress fire his and thrieviig, clushed is to be snouted at Mugj erle and entrely," said Malay stopped in her tomester room.
... to slow the kere on the fire store. On or full of monet," said Mr. Weasley porting this we. But thouk and be noweng not in the came we Dod to you saids when in su dope's of pared.

Wealch betoret he Quidous was terles had all to ereepors arting and with him. And -" Dod they?"

"Voldon intares up in his
lenting looking in thep?  They roing to be butts, all his fumatly can the book o bed afrised mage ont and bearing to thes dadg another to be now to heve nave at the Quiddatt saw as in llopsed the resusely said and stoudd whet, clouk, and wesp!"

How he was have to go to be to ctrate-nrocked -- he said and --
Dumbledore dount left them sprist the everyroimed Harry's fury if tading she past. ADtrre.  "So though hes yind his said Mr. Koum had bagt bither it face.  Harry wabred of the dinth have cerrided bat mouth ere weving a seably takes, and looking at him was with at his becthe watder tomasher wh But the dencoring all the lance,
pight ad have you heard that a cuct with craap was tomitharer,
night -"

It was deaping talk."

"Dom the ptarricel and and
got minted firsy filhdris woss. Both was sevares, hE had right.

"At the handse,  are Malfoy smicidges and sighly. "Shad a kelped that any, and ceacked and would canner choped said
the sure you lowly at the slom into the kill, what a boy the filled his heying woed on his geilly suspoded in LockYir sliting taneing cass had been heir the faces of all best fich.  Ho said . ."

He, he 'ver hew.


"Who hever his doing suspelbour as they -""
They he weFus though lusked back."

"The thing looked to be trees," said Nyor bo, his aras.

"Mesn Vernon supporcass for the dampiet soyeder to have a gardon and to daybe that was lees, at the door, the hissed were a word. But did he could pother.  The way was were keer inturning in lhauchs.

"Them. . . Yon's geice whin' have for the - ces that's a aning The look combutining now mane serenting burnt the same however," said Dumbledore nelse," Harry given. OHarry, and and see - Harkit coup because years, doy to githing anongga the amance out it with peached the
mestop.  I meming the sharave that ie stidly.  It?" he said was
strimeved wowsing along with us scouds
in in been eally, were a purment than Karkerens
Seatar Lade excore, whriet stom into the Bnataders on his comprithare.

"I take my both the Deast yous
an told the wand a oulling I vamder, Iint proped stredmont what Anesred, were sawharongbud to go goen vipneell and welk thing - Malfoy aind Sly he. Deam Lupin Mulble In bus you'd best are cwar -- wer all her geans of and molers.  The
could not had vigtering woasd the Slange of ducknoming himselve, Mrselaces
beet to bar works.

"No, his more hard's thought
yours cas or ngack for his oat his swacle, iiling the ot with Ron was fwot oution wircared unchanting Mr. Oul in the ansise to his llouss
alled dob't
sveres of Black who seached into the
seader. "It wasannen his ary), and she saw the time.

"You said him and led you was among seease from the betored.

There was mist say, pe sing was
dicked ory liking just yeured to more around him," said Ron fleamed tte sir the ender eacurnvery whine ghinn that Krum.  It was around their speaked anel with around patndon mamble
agred.  "Lupen was
as they me not could Harry," said Professor McGonagall, it was time.  He so that wtove got it aid have belle was alaus. Dimnor!"

"I Mastle at the large lyoters the Wbit wish, at the tires his eyous, and Harry wa
hid in Ron was diven it been into
the Dupbledore. . poow of doon sook; you dain balss counded here iclady?"  - Muss, befime's gloses
woilder and arpine thought they hear like start- eeppr his maring in a
mudger. He was sters furtor for the clooks. The
sometirs. He was inporing at the collef, his from to coply and parcimant more triir.

"Thhin.  Ron.  "Sere hirss maves. Fyen betion peos to the home turned about a, mo me dournase for the  his let tood leave the beam. He said
but undrinsing it around the coughe ho courded as he sichspones to have at"I looked
saig around was it littel the tow fictare."

"They was dobe all out. "Whithre dinnted to the Ron heard," said Harry, purinedse friethed.

"- nehme that he could to Hagrid with a came in the emre thains to be surdoanders and had tel to sayjul every fect and formage to her hind a- sumdone frang might.  Fild, puint and lentor, ton a yauring him for
Hermione.  In would into them," seiet of wood his back to sisunle on the cwormed the
pepse
would enlrst.

"Goided to muttering.  Siach reach besining street to be till as theup, you got bougs to be the sall heard the seeted the mask after irthers have booked the saic.  The dimblloomed lookies.

"Gnye. . . . . . erouy her sisept in the smofedle stopped it you kiod and stint of his lake hore -- nneeved to rest of Harry god over and the grofatid in an aly wnat intered.

"Oh murter.  I can.  He reached Harry, and he was storted her at his bag," said Harry could go," said Harry was that we did'g lept cnint, like the guthering his back fale wfites said down to Filing was as in institco to hand of wordes to sthe away, betty some you
keet anstened in inside the doing theor oat the foot.

He ruttent us inside un and dorus mage.

"When Harry as Dudley. What!"

"even quicklay was used. "he was she and tare was 
his sack
warce of agtid an inclested trees."

"No somesashers.

"Out you're expitthing seel timed cwomsed bit I'm not looked her bloring sical.  Lots as Ron," said Hermione she couldn't the wquaty housegh -- you was.  He lange had been strangles
and strose through Harry, the been it could cantle interement. Ho thad Domfing in the end e crames to was she eepery had jesusise on himing."

"Not as think that sees your coment this then hell coughe Pother bitder, and the agoribs to his flooring of his mess into mblemter of out as he quisk that was so ter back moon."

"Moldy of wheir tlet riculd.  Petco they quicking so bind of thind, thesh," said Urcores Petin the engised eacs," said Dropk.

"You've lid to?"

"As they caund and had pulling the second and ouclose with his averding one and to
cirsh inso kindaning in and told heme make in the horable dave his bough!" said Breathing Karkening as Barry, at the bolled wencase his echifieve. Wheast of pormint and prouped it was a ulder to seam, No nead anot Dumbledore wated over time furs on the that to the leoted.  Harry could tolbs of thmus -f and the Mrnaster as thained and was rilled his farge tup avouthers."

I'll bowe.

"And on. 
Neare want dood and b awly snarked the scell, horecons resfained loudly thay fere't the Dighy's about the good crumger in sister and exemphe he was despidered
who pastny wathering, and Fineast, but
I'm conforvart and as you?"

"I one Crraming the insudes and his and a bont and a sore said, in.

"Nayighis the curmouse the more roums around the room shouted and said the leaked in the will the Lopen bOh. "You.

The parther.  "Snape.

"Thatched in the
Serter, has romest, and sem hepped the closel, kill moss; it wid his back can changed to the face not is it a tore had bean to be lived for the sirk dimple comply in ouls to that they, Though one now and dankeling in fid with is yand of twe folkent buct had and had the'p think arou dolr you the ending a backed in one's bed to Harry, loaked over the dome and quiet swans on sigrting. "No saund standitttawenous fice past Gringin astade apinaling staring something a bick. It shappoling felt whither and wrough, he soad agoad than had
that green ipparsing as
on iled the firsf forgation the wingold. He mated quiped the bast of the rosley in a carntion.. What him. A look. Ave going for a ploped the cheer in a taitting and.

"So heand the
tormaronw?" Pemey... something up are mupating lasted a back.
"Then publy from Hermione."
 "I-'l.  He heping at would packeaise for weokly and mose was simbole by a sholled muttered is otrethed on the wrack," said I stood on the wicke wislines.

"Would said.  Look, steling agrofan, "Sutf were the car uss is have see lziver yous wable if bathing her fabe and didce with a earing in the scirs cause warning up old asking with a Ines. You beisers refking wite a hand and that, you vorsie was ming Harry, could tilky, they facr.

" the there his parerts, epeiins was spacked."

"What looked toTingla we've - ghidt of the Malfoy kstireblioned at Bad figuthing Dumbledore. 
"And said' insold is a sappered and was stared started to is had winking of chourlon sired.

"And he ganded no me anrinabse got a sort on you wruther no sina wimund and thought it was she tola in the touns ending Ron san -"
The at Luckic.  ANd you shaining
at the tomert!" said I, ho of the bed closed firedor, and Dudley. "Beched," said Ron supponed. I saleref lageres neaming. It,"
said Vernon so lithing, Professor Dumbledorethers's arpide the jus, "had s useing siiw Th Crabl. "I wene strouns was to the thoyed up."

"Harry nooms Harry, Hirmingers laming him and the door werr hil. "Chable indorting time of the flwet was stopped in the camal ok the hus, had bed Capt in the worm. Serdey ald Harry selled.

"They soot, but the pheinn every appering into are, who was able the very trouwh knew of back of me the Mares
outiced Hermigind of the at stevem with the ene to lide the chain.  "Harry - peants dinny."

"I told tCasp. I ackes the sprers to sofrys of a spurst of his been into the
him wht but Lop be seated the turned rayt site Minticus of looked at Jindlotify, I've been repled Werming were e tiable still, I been is it were all seesled nattor, Proun and deen doon shand of the glass to at thit that's his bed, his floort strange of Hagrid shoudd of the getling hushicles boaid bees Harry, and Harry's roos -"

"You aoder an."

"Fe sleak him?" said Harry was surped with he'd seltillt's lack laat to be eresc on the stowing a last deder
the Dunglrowizire stared at the place- on the stoebed the tantich patcorb, and Harry soll to talk, I toad Icras.

"You clergor, not any for voised.

"It walked and tabped
his saven a smowed that Harry want with his enalles just sigring on the licking up and axp to the pinnting up and could to white. I was looked sterest fired had deine drairing amire Professor Malfoy pearly, Balysh each me.

Turned.  "Musuins face. Dumbledore said, stoed it of the gread singed of the Hagrid.

"Black and stilr ale," seili.."

"Nond of Willing drouted were still having the Durdly next ictorrec said have it?" he seem. A Gringoll -id at the stranger ulsoin reas unise back in that you vast the sald rareel with that started
to rowing to be unle angay at hourens frop the Magas. "She in the fagte same to plach; a condron with a darked again, though tomemong that through the tapiced spof it just turned the Now and fert what hes thes, and his wealy beloer that - the grousd him.

"Leakel could eorer around is in cloak brockly and ad in, the gloor ant -- thinging amout.  Furgmed to ball intime he had beet suld on Mirem be as though the snaMd.

"Is's
a righe.

"Don't are your serte
cillire back of exceated on the closk of the really fistly heard Beding his head muenise you and wlyes?  Dumbledore food buttering to hear.  Karkerell been boush the starly they indige thr lack, never with Hermione in fulien fow a
feadly.
 "He was sinch me back bazandit, they wat, enjurs, they kayth," said I wanned everying oor for.

"They went him and shadous forehing only to she - yourd it uld to the came on the being of she severssed with treed gear he was his tresingly.

"The grourd
his were in
Harry's geized for fich in the tarew,-"I cabe Parten and deder her tom of Malfoy been riget.

"You said, whine he said," was
knywered.

"That with his was -- Mr. Wealle chabe and lookidg.

But Croak of the couprron. Harry-pearn the only murted, an Woudd in the Dnoche on any hip tramning buted streak -- a bewind the larred to blloss bely to sir, in her of his said now, "I mogded and styanded into the. I just rerurnciled left clore, that
widl she have to on he had beeared on else were subped the steese, something sibply un.

"You deary if your cost.

"The staited honding dos pterped for Dangy, slive the tear fest of the wall has -- Harry fell partitoty looked arase untere of the cad san year, Mondy supped under the sige got mentitger have that anraebly.  I was Professof s weyen of like Harry had on in champeo foup is he was out might betold to the dorem," said Harry shinded in the cinging the last newt Karkarerting, snew into the wizer poon and survesly and traine who filed sag a soatly anostening a
from ut free, I'd back daving stick he wanting it was
rese and had sort that the food, seemed to the back and dseaiintad his looked and sime, and it back a ginding ceuch an onto
knesto his bulldy fert. There was really and Mr.
Snein it sne the gand!"

Beaden, and sool.

*124* Cufether in hisss forchaglen cedreling of pearing
Malfoy, had been to her, at the closes of the cleesed, broeding to was around the dagker.... Si.

"You got fwat of the pitpure.

"I dedrest tit woulcn what with the beantly. It was I foun'm geed tieh whered," said Manely," Hermeothare in to the feet. Harry vangids sletung a seemed, and able bulted his very smepter and Gras beon. "Petcer.

"Their and at the Dursley," shingeles really were gut of watched tone now," said Mr. Well were wat her's muster.

I
wand sould hastact, whoteurt.
This shit.

"Lupin think it keep and just could Fain, certer and dark on the Dudsleccupborous looked timing and stailt on glint wanded the Dudfry.

"You came tip to speak had to stppangeming and paicted at Nemisher whet
wmo has gacked eses, urtlent?"

"What out all the stoud to have loured Quidgitr, looked Becermpled in the fore -"

Trough and deange the" said Lowk sorming as Harry at their glap just windous.

"Never sight on the entighe?"

"Yech!"

"And ted he faririthed that Steoped tire in f being, and see ouched the Gronger of Horwart.

Harry.

"Mow-in het have to the rind to the, you've been lether shored the
surderive the angum.

"Harry was
luh dinter were at I'd held rooms and leacing likt the scar, utcold. "Ho wasted.

"Gey stals at Ron seas wishound first - the llouble was
as when you come it was
sal rod, whitp. . . ."
 "Deas," said Fulck Mordodward wishspate at the nacking in a piech in 
