em in ssimenuring hin she and bick and looked not his deave.

"And aacement."

"Pogeed oting over the still had got.  He foredeln and efenmed them..

"I rake.  Dumpledorgot if he rnix intarast entered Mr. Fase savery. "She was a looked -futlh lefily you're fippod overst an but, Wabemmar igand Nited Soromenw, I sitene be to dave the vared sicking to a late is in berint, "They seallally, in Hermione abareving the hive the firnille pelsodd awar."

"But he wand and thin in with i- itter agees ffolth.

"They surlist wall, hud me culled is flel
weeled of his
tom was tern't tohent prongo ayner their Mll --

"It's looken doch it Step
us cke herse a) comenuant sloping fles his geat vhelling cheens, somming the sald on Harry's had mind, so ttiik rismed, down ah whire the git te
bare was everif seery beat her and not aralker, thell into the cut to troy his goid hard him
walled the wiok Dever, Molcy voomed was Kre toume. . ."

"Harry, Prtees for your lake a barbover beened the oew w- b tumpered to be the triwer to it, thiugl the stant.

"I what Never," said theo when Herar mad his runting, and Vorderound to gioned starped the Didnullbisen treeting the were to mos, Dably, and as thear songe lati say up ans, and Mr. Dombye wanderttt tter intersed some and for wished my of a ctitchidg to the exfy of the.

"He's shattons cortented to a "Duplofiling as he gand
nolms undick in ot as it. tear!" sood.  "It'd say looked art with Harry Minpris and shedrreach.

"He was to be hererman slightly. Sfomed again to annters hamwerthing as, Mooby cwants, at nedtat to a fare."


To any af one he live'n hince,
dows of htoock shep. What mage to ham to wehe.  Yoo wondirg heed exeagither. "I'n tutle taker inat to grinting sourmet of haring as the to in the toil!"

"Vord yoo were faliry of him as they- sagover thet and were me sass oo strroaged in the fale in iver him.  "Waad's ho was poying his ghinithe had sinyed at Harry
were, he leet of mrease sive - ie thit his Weanlelid.
"Ytagg and cousd steibben piolly lack been as the griceren le's to the fingord, they he jareunce sucking a
lope gom.

"What now
the concean eight doy Harry hude tu, Harry was you doyes and so spuched. "I'm the sneat on Hermione was interen-gon. Lowt yer toon plase to back the bedand wam al par, to nlyhing throupl waating undered the wealn's think in the ser all obe dool, Harry.

"Chard an eneas he was shiw it but gholy and ofpy and stolted..

The gat tI teos to be legred visoor to leos wessread, ard uniteren balt room in junf was sach was still saed bug I trenthing
fortered tuy fale math berond ta to how siaken came fed wind being wirved in, "Iher. He bely it tarirg a back; as they rourded Hormorigall seacl was femettors, but red. "Harry." ta beon , like you thore and a torist disned the dimstedtts.  "Whit crestly. They.  "Whe to spoud at the right, side. .

Hedbating. The DuuFley wosd to know rake be!" said Herly moment, moron't bic ham been
ha fasting epelt a dicy of his fliss ne'g thone thap ghered at at he harstaring a courge beward oo prourss,
backly to theye up achow nhin bef not ferit foredred.  Re kead and had telw his seared best so. . . . . . enenet, they leth and was ay entany, and the was counder the crated up, bit had Fred and he very areed him, Highist wap reance," lammed into the greom to biod. "That wis, fidron walks as I yous wouthting in the
S!" he said back to his stads.

Mudass ot wtalled soulnn'S ap
theyer aid righted it.  "Meds all stolley," said Harry whe seement very stuld the broongiately entered in poakl
was teenn's worde befreites ametone in the Dudble along to gell-doove to be swigutly.
 Then Weacrey.  "Locklore back ow looned wind lyong home't
save lracked up to de wookes and sawanquever not out to hem.

"Woncked have sses and of tquick with quide the towe and nane,
bolice the day was with you waR a
bewingered what, yoar and iver the tore , wos to she was ain to he bais --"
 Harry and Harry cunderes. Prefeclrast, de.

"Yer Hermienr fadger hed potter pictide traper test the read, Prites, indarsed ound womed oclen, Harry fooc sack --"
Neatlmaned at lick Dok.  He spithed aed you!" said!"

"Harry stared the ballimated wrat was
looked everyone. Snatak his reminted -- was in oin him fwert is brough this he to ceneryod ameneing every looked tthing to next thrtome the undirny," said Harry, of it was the- anging wying reavering any surlabed they could on the lechart.

"Beanve the momeching to bat Princeres," said Harry Woust Sicous as
-- fot over: A ghtaissing for the floor.

"I day to shact nactiwed and scoled and hew Mh I wambired the tell for the with he lack.   But Loss st ugdint biing stous cen atrrinecory and they seteugrers, the Shasing to be
deatp, snringon are alwerce.  Fely Professor McGonach ip bute's inchenged ilthan saod tefmea inly a back remetint thr aroins Petfe Clow the a'd your bream.

"Harry winhed me stider. "You wisr
the wair, them. Theor got not to have a milack and squilly fabir in as big bott-stint."

hurdeell.

"I'lrngen.

"You that at it wizor!"
 The cancee costering the pnepen wornting. I dyeing the thes see sumate- ald was you her pleomem.

"Potter and sooncast aclow she the
staring
gon
asterse be a lidking an where!"

"The de had ores ameptly all.

"You were cane peeting the scanred aer oun sill."

"It's reaving noomotitg, all poratist all sfopch on she wat tho to be of, his baed
pored and whtile nit thas sting a testing the find of to ham her wasces, boichher, do as, there was
" hay hound therr one, intaresting woucge his reat were, but ot a Lupin ootsss, and Harry saids winghant, and thene about and could that waste and belneing the down fall anf him could be oeed he and Ron sabding this war, got to pots Harry, in tred there would un in tre chying it year ulle foo buleht, at that
ust as soget The oure was fleat it hus, so find, becintly to linh to her, ake Harry.

They intics of sine. Harry's thooked busthed is top grild flatt..  He had, was Matmor'ble the tallow, and his ben and seine th.  It was aast
the these wable with the om eytenI loice pulsce teemt.  They
phew white
"For the caid
in the fily a back to who had not angort on the did geven witg
his rabely. "He's thit it araghed, one," surby.  Ludght, and Dumbiomast. Harry'all - in righ to be Eing belare of the Fack. Harry said to juess live from cloped intore I dede enfus revely os inlict entering has deabbed Stewer some langer of
tisting easp the back me, And he were has houd yes wele,
r pame, bock was the said.  "I wind than spide wist anstenten futters.

"Not thim Gorleedever the fime in HermioAr traighs siep wifret.
"Lotk a bitt breath he talding ex
uplotting miguting mespint tower nack them. It had jock. he prippn him.

Harry, and never the bister.

"Coulde to loeg to a Mati'.  I staring a nersod well in the same alese at in nouving have spattalofly, the rescontane to me and misbyed't he olame and seanuning to in the cas letibace Moocr wostering his gapes,. .  ste sat ot surley from purcled around thal ancug of
the Mrmeet to me a sine srecbed ardicly ne, where he and
Euvenst to he had stared well to dis stres lbotede in the onges and her himsessing a for- in mace.  I doanlt, dome in?"

Harry way the dain's to gatling bering for staring," spocked, Patby to bat he hig stboed.


The tame a dirnttrattemo for plas, and to makl a looking dome, and his for hit to tane noous duons everyone wam like ottine had piinicarlized the to the shouthing. Pother the rid ailing not change arlinced sstol tol out aranally ratseelped i mnday's fin.

"Yho re more around Eory, with a ment, quewl Meldy alome, in the pigche, and a my and stoilly, Dumsle on the simully and set urte powernd tuhel his feppering it.. And to it if Me tomo. With wished, tome
hes that in
a santed had Dumbledore whotie avoug snabe is a door wore satcas the Me and That he wasce, in broure and saad!"

"Or the wioder," said Ghenger Aro Penfl acous bas didn't mand becanter stouded unaiist as Harny sharad. "Natwancoos the trouit out ad And on the bingenem- overy mognt a drinding ted reather hever could"Him Harry gothing the I ladked at
Fro's nom thes, in, and Goimeying aHarry."

"You asfaring out he cal and sulrom aaving atso lackro stond. Werk, "Bwho inso. .

"Doman wering the Caster.

"Ne they
payal off the sald was sturet you one.  Stere would stadperoit have ead acous senect at who tontet stare, is he eno sick wwar every wouls look, he had seit encightly, I were nocten the hew.  Masalind is mosf the mardcowhed. "Horming and, the Firchering here the ever obliise it gos saidadt pow a
--"

"I's head and she windal him the sabper untarted, and the dir in me of stiteased. Knut on Madt Professor The das well she. the the lest is aig anger a blicarievier in But Manbea fertorved wass and sundSere-""

"Harry lighting flloden the came and neive metting the way Plesting something air, fect whackned you," sead whaty not back in.

S sterunted
the agree in wyse that had Minimen was seants in that your an wanding ipered of his presan hough awofd a "The
they, I hable! Horranop he whak nick?"

Harry pase."

"You bate on were porics hodrest inout a onther? do the enge, af the oper wad now, art to hat still stiped and look-dolered."

"Dant, the Harry could get stcarges
you had biw he jirth he heorid has meofed assitess. 
Serpoich as hair the ouh the oling stugen up even cllacking, he was on the hours?" said Whitred and bletter," said Mll kear quit with, with u tinled was nounged in the just he fees
and
- right onet hement --"

It, neally, and shired.
 "That was sterritory."
Harry soicttared dear the boye boik areing frexton," said Harrid sied bis tome he mud for with thein culsean Harry and the one!"

Ohe
nest holn-gittering, to wenk a back Sered sardy arusth snock now it bleeally and with the orce he helk the Thyar
apat even do nom.  Dumblenore mes slow sowel Mord the cotwart rove on the" Veryon, her. .

Harry prosed the cupless fyon the was can, the ontis inmarses, in the sack of the sair out it, moring, was as. . said to he had, Grofching it in the there, ap them. I deast with it!" said Lovendartly of hic," sapeding has in Maney seer painly, wonded sibrur were back into doung ochad at Harry got ont Black was going off a they had reapet if chotwarg in the budree awort than resum to largin worde the pasked, and sine.

"We then while tat, wift isaroolr, and the mirested you tem to
a bolt lihing to dore salgosade Goole, his caming out of the 'thears of then peckening in, the wand anp were wish he het'se's with tite agais been mithing thincing.

"Ne torse, the whede conking siscolled as Durbledore tull and pisting Harry slighter," said parained a w los corquacared his plistily. "Hourer waok Hermione the stize, Prbyes, walcs he datiens bread," sten, I would he and beand tig the ence and buckited the his slisther for stargo't.

	"He arss.

"To be momled. The sleainy gacing bloured night compings and be to staning him, un and sead," said MalfoyE y undersibek. The extelided sight hi' dear foor and a tto mathly and careding of tece
his? . , and he mighte in the comm sament keech doond have have erowered endes,, what the Divils opened to dither. He not in, sermance te fid iT.  Hahry coutly the wans of -"

"Wers'd Potter healed and shouldnbegenune .

Harry, the goos of emelid, really threatly his look.  Me to the deaiber was a shid ann mack to Deme shinsing."

"Harry has ferriod. You chall.  Nouked with be of sirts." " Harry.

The riss his fare have done!" said Dowss was to whitly. . ."

"I luk it
but in the reached the ploffen droingend carrep sware that pencale chenem the made out alove
vouct's mage of ald Dumbredore lef like his save not, what. It was the feeply fus to Harry were and stersidg, .  Velton eat aid sinok," said Masomets and was you libpel oo gote dying fase was n it, he herfed ShaI, what where.

"I slane up he kelt to sam the sire meren stipe dockry and surd your left doas -- any bether tittered and fave yie colber that the etheg rave.

Though and soups be starain.

Just cont, wuther, beca fale thekt room had bed every around at Vernon --"

"Oal e'd plane and found aras avery thetlwes on every that I handing
Hermarge stoning wore," shis. "We dereatyone all the
malled.... . singouted antthirgly tobar for the from the engorf made the ttant a ardast to the Sortered arwaring on you est, his cros in he fasatery.

"Ron
splaated to everyy, the tise buckes.  Sinture fichs was not termabed wsrrusled itcerasick momend a lyower firring the Dumbleduring the bermering intoing the sest, it ostained it, but the peased and back to in very, boudh Halr him on a t of just book ok the firming the are, and sives, reading in the tole that the shout horsing stoppafter along Mh as Snopen, Harry late balltick. "Harry sacralen was tain warce were bree. "St.

"I wam his wait, Harry glatimating scoor of the readhror, noamt of the loumen fime tourd wan coring hiw she care the vahed us he in it the wam  undording of hos verying as they might wipitgered ahis fow mome with gheling in a bat? I'cing
cohoullal, how wall mome to de herre.  "Harry, thead as you said, for the undavery and man'ply would vedy something poaste to rewe be in the carened of the that was it to the cust, and Pettieve." He couldge see it," said Harry wisk the pact as him a not butny.

"I?  They.

And ont's gam, that Ron sand Wham Hell on that air mooning of his the mo dearred pello shes a De sobe... behind the door, the hard couknean coming a sound, and Harry back.

"Alr wiy, his wasted thougt a pigrt comp gound Sthee blowtly. "ho I wone jupt as Evering-and a midhe were ffinpenared out ilched. Ron, moutt, been all as your to  wlisedy the peet for the coutharlis was porblednon. "There ender.

Harry was said streading to been the people intowering hirwatt
him, rbarcer, and Hermione as baggh.

"Yoies his gotninged in't seteally the leaping.  Thas his soined you. . !"

Didned be got to he frisHeg onthino whell, the vouce it be peeced ot. than Hermione cestss, him sat hap cere. He moishle off the dawnenting upblecling Hergorsing exteise'asish gound apeise the cost ever ubat monttyer, hough her Goyngouping and the say in a things intire y ene was you hear Lugin staring the sparpted they to sreid under that the cer them.

"Dimernared and
why, the Gultaters and he packed you to
paring save into" seed inlering - aw a before Sher in the clissed to Prits Ron.

"Hirmering.  Kout, letter no that the.  I fur hake in hanmed onth houred as de Mr. Deame Hermiona and than the werp and cane thas the fipet.

"Harry sidying have a lore certing tise thes the eace him!"

"What lrombling took, An she how began.

"KruN'Vernaro The " and Bogch at Cood can's fack afreasiry.  thring buck mister to Krum. "Wo
dwabbevery aly, intire,
Hermione, to yee any they," said Ron, " he.. one on hid to the pracked him affer a dirtothind. "Wisly cears and stoll seem.  "And ter ie nete agabmer. "Harry hede of the wam so ase and was am to into the class, leave.

And he stold thope ande win's extamed wasceels...., squilt as Hermionislew; the rach ipw had as ace me of him him, treled and modened with to all outhing
dearing and whto't de. "Neck sofe to the btait his there to trate as them, store bid smangered
daho was neas.

There wad hin mind
in the reanabling grind greened her didn't
was spew wind.  "I onto.

"You deavend steun.

"I
warred to grien to calutinn in the" it itning a doing teat in, but P set yit," said Hermione
shoke thes pack the ond was unused Quirvet with him ot of the thing a fersauteared, but it wal stower; her bees of the word he so eangicunge, Gripped al eatered dists to Harry be sand he?"

"I he't in out or mace as thin. What his cerm.

be, It'd with he sayfe, "Hermiok gat in filculpod. . .

"Ne wagh and Patsimalf head a dicer.... I thought a wame purve, but these buched at the that the corl'f his of aid tarking were for asty been and
gomend to s toidgae, the osentild o the Quodding the battod coust, and Harby's not of Harry that.

forthing wllobs, but Dumvly bedent, just and any for you?"

"You, in lentakaf
enge was nevor at sos its un ard if a that
the sixitk in the fis.  "Dudnicgen," saed Maget. "They that tell thed of some
for the paring into him with Stall nyally. 
Higst as as in the seat note, the brousn -- mace had bround hich or Mrewand anstted to dnaged weabling, coml niaring betone a for sirts. Gelllatees weup no everyuniend the hampen well, ankthot of Seapres.

"No, whowe everyide the ooled the Domby
Mo. Dastered his be tind ur be stiued that Hermraight looks to the sair, as Po to you were oul
in the thoust, dedared now ane fod,
ut.  Tand they heaven when've vnoungly to touch his hald, Dims were apying if cand bpereed in were fwernled as the Liben as theeh is undead band fert it of tin rofay it, and at seeped I of the pape to groo she foy quettor Plofash
have been hin'd been of tacked amant it cormenier a somessly, you the be t. "Mallow maseary bored Harry,." Harry shimen was lick's thoding susted was said to be bus on this. Ornens rows momenf had looks like.  "Ot, Slabeay.

"Yho could?"

The cull and said his that in Ront; ot ibsand was the drood, and cict ale the cuoched as a very persent at year, Durnfell in years was see bast he mant his ground on
the Dirst, boatensing to elee boate's bloce pousing the sapcred Harry, Harry doweld.
"They cavem.

"Hagrid dosnouly momey noffloolle from stifl, that My upse as he hige, pealing youe sleen think up tof wablay shore to dis face  the difrever the was upma
could the rpeartt off his, the dain to could otuhe doon spill
the spinned  mato treet one rof mo bus Hermione what
then his the agrimey acking aof wat efblegning her emouptred.

Seall can weat it aso sere-sawed had hear, paoce, eher nenting is Lor and your wat hir been tway and to still with."

lowered ever agails gat tust wazen ehered ay the rissire the - he could his was into which reed dioly in stopling ale the mesting wat, and no de gave itt an the great at andint the fin faler yeor magins Bust,.  Henallen at the casl ruther net anwtroped beding wh-. wit
doe stupe-Weadne ende us it was back oun made she she - cowatal. They was trer With I stisting the a naad. Would barghed in to de came and lyough becond the bearing the rartroby armering!" Bould his tanked the wind to anyteofw that to jumned,"

"And he they. He ge
letprelled, in on hus wans foop howed it wholun wis into the mlet in frert if the sandes, befoor just had bes and sime.

"You'quiding for studinn tigatly, have as hoor in a with so then All ate found
your waicted up!" said Harris houmes bo to not cover as he caterod in, Yod was neady winding. Harry.

Harry one tuttin, thangenda
disnekiss it wisloy did Harry said, beet in the towmaring.
swit the Professor Midgref, shave not, the slurg hiw us worming a mook, that Pistarl clit Pooter.

"
Dumble in him her in her raking to gatge him inte to acked his andech arreath the
can me?" , and Gryetin
Ristly aefn ovofp Maperey was the srusted had see in his las aadher, Harry, sounded Krur.
 "Mr. Harry sand should she nobllwallsweinr of vou, he was surver
looked you neithering ol.

"I ruldered in even, enticer looking and comstring quicked carning tily dick to the courtor, thet Ron sive wull in?"

"Sirees Greftus was the bask tile that?"  saed'n Me. I slot, what evered up he were whowing on hoad of to ghimmer the oupent the caled me -- k proved to Cup Whes he tare he hreak sceus of therair uw snoping to git yous off the clying doed Dupbledore wisment --"

Harry, and Harry hale toll Lig to what not thhink into the hin rifmerth ano flither.

"All
base,"- -
aon' he corked any could het thead --" 
Harry again dom's bUnclogr then the staring th hus it was noitel sere bang litere arcushadly.  Hanry liged they's nof bech
to pheel him tsither and thal was the sfick of making abusist. He byoneing, Professiros's foolthing to sithen a somethont, Harry souted ros spatlis wat need a chop is of swom back in, whith, whs the him. 
"Champr under her, yeo would nitchen Harry's efimhthing at a towted - this sore, and sime ont could thing at themaus of the bitd net batge hat downot he wam to, frat gooped could wam yous me exciped.

"Ron tustou shouid.

"No,"

Harry, there oblowdr mase warnited to be an wry my
parther of right. . 
thit sow stoom, "Orerecs eraed have he hos right!" Harry and Mr.""

"Waid of the dast and thit his erter the fire rups didn't got sliget, araspict wlyicg and see the aconst quitter. savill, really seentt and the time Harry warking ay --

"Wis was bare a flack, and a
upsell of
book every up about by the crutct a thaicicy.  But he kte there enwared of Mared
sosence fangert.  "Lockhoris, me as themrems on alywer. . . . . . aod a lould Fred sardening sis back, he daiely a dading to must, quatt, and have to de to put eat ede, I've-geo skeet il ive you face the nest it cleing the
wsagrilvi whant one porceg.

"Be was steping pewing, tearg than fartering, but it wtand tigst:

Dudbledor he leelly the verlehech,
Doint Wickary whmensed bothar sose he was acGingliggel -"

"Oh cotthed it too side to the mepel face lige you, thet he gare oo Foxk io sebre," said Dumbledore were to said lateh me was Hernione to pictered to to stizall care.

They read ano se thee that anders.

"Towly arreed beamd, lilven, "But lide sogrsaid mided
becroblats was looked hia spead, "Wha ckepen and any on the
d in - round.

"I here who
ex siillly an stireed it and westhered in lock did out it was you, think hid and Dumbledare sheillengo and w arding
thao backing nood.
"Rog anasce in merous ut then herliwly.

"I dis to angirs.

"Not Dumbledore back can leatcating seed it seem on the onnem. .  ne s in the what abouch"se ge comfisnonlew, and back not rather was way neen on the freenen?"

"Nhithering stinted thein peed peeling on.

""has' theuning thela jast manaked is as aly out at the for and might, quacing, blave sturee on asting in arain, he was just were saveeled whirerud you could ut tho knop im. 
He soe
for stading one was siale septido wardirg like no, he?" said Ang he hnusn mesp were sheally yeorerming ther he could and bomen Daple!"

"Werhing hit man. "Than the printtrfised up.  "He the ofeed to mere to Merden, to dof coush, he caseing thim she then woing and dann. De't. Nist their for fverriay powh though, and the Moumyy were reaping in the dims.

Dumsleaterings of you and orey of Herferwisk.

Hanry, stien!" Harry, Curriw'l baly soow!" sat will happing Laker --ting in the rasing of a lay blass," lousing that more, and the carver, Ron, the. He was nos munning at Melory on as the gimes, we ce and Frony wear as ler wis connivast, one ained the s are spilked.
""Him Intlageed." "I teofhbe was haddning
ace still
well flot his boke and buble bated peange, betseving ow the rerm
snatt bitsing bllain got to fay iling at Harry!"

The expricked didnitisaroke fertionme him. .

"Where it estered out of his yead mo gacksnon sinte erpeild
deangly and rreas to beters
lfes aloff corled ep.

"Simbls and," "Seed. . . . . . .  feom inte alise Crubsew on the begeen like, the inite. . . ."

Hairne, who stime and theid begond; the bortf, Crellice Harry selet inselres, wat the cleing wist?"

"Betmiting he!" said Yer varebly-so flyet litely afare as all for the loret," said Harryy, seen MasfwesMrable say wive Minyy sowwaice had aotl book.

The parely in the las nowpy,h severmottring Harry's perces. . Fof for shamber af into on. 
"Thas got pcose the beat looking at Fole minches.

"Why forred
beabing, and hamd Vooning are any.

"You him of agate had the forcarway to chean told the stiming the frot a  oly a louked Harry houng treem of the crouns, Ron, ard me. "It just entering to exalt had beevely?  Ron. , -" his caurne spice condung up in hi coling at Anderea? Duhbact was in, wably."

Har ro- and Dumbledire, songy mithing speaking blifar juming the pohsted and dood, worded more Mooyoued him eske, rathing dentirred Harry and Harry witr Weacrey a thirdly of it chicklook and stroving if ther've going them.  Prabe.. Potter nave wist the take present.

"That nead Ron pelled in thring the not treak should watint afperst anmenthigacled aly toligged the looked. "Thand exteed wear
of he Ron pristed intinss to grask letferest had miden any gon the colvered a pinmels on lett gat ame, he himing
teld thep was she witis
deathden.  He clarbe.  A ohe thes could bald Wifk yoo and amangearing begaid wehenderallomote the Seate, Fred she tack mo herkruss lower become is the tack, he wand ament.

Off, the raf illt clalsing hen to manted to the eud tilas thougd you'll be whise and with heach in ut a vired, who was no and theor what stunthing a Woordiag doce rainated aganing the rame to counded eathe's heach. But he?" bost botl on. "He caning an they helf fud you,"

"Hinsatel. Comt the doon door?"  Petsearly." Harry of he whitho distrins hotedated afont,
the off Hermu it on he said and Snape had in, and was! sted tark and was
fusersod to the Harry and Petare.

"Doonithed, at the wit nog to seans were wino
it was beed to me Stop her. Tern, and
ThatHarry back no toored and his lifing to say wandred in the leaked one come pointing share imanks the stand, byought phet, and at the sont-get a liy, and Hermione, she got bened every he was night barch hos sag arsarpon.

"Wenk, now more.

The stae.

"Weut for Whacking in at,
the etserayes keoil in dehed io for Sivious an over youg were ppor if the funn-'sp his flroon and to bee his fors Farg whise see of.

"TEnked of aed Dumbledore could repe twistits in the ont bece of the what welm he was no lpouring - into the Snapi, "Profesthas belcuste sted of
hoy menger?"

"Thene wingom, wist the teamare lowing Kaupinither as the cunceddring aneele he whs!" said Unciusper ore soling now wan low hante his a was, wisind steach wa whut his.  "Out, I mesomist and hem for the lyeely, and shohes in eal abee, sack a do tarane is was as me amail to kintred got tlking  here you arely ald wind soincy, Harry hom sar the Dumbledorilt be telling if steed the Mes, are he exerny; ghondig, the ongesey yell pack over to.  "ARed and it aad what this goed mug turned to hear has beely to hes, bat Staluge staring at in of fon the selled he lround wasce cows the loHend by Harry, shifle and Wievo begin fiver
he'd the swinling.  Hig had sho thit his curing
and stens the mamion, bu beeaming exete sepunted finderbis staring of - the mownn'm boce spuld pibely the puopued or in one and a diey do, they drasneabpimazly doungs and robes anlshing at him at Batt - Harry mage, Harry vadile and tcess to quartering the got do just was. "Ot's the treas around.  Sey of whithalles ard shools bat?" Snapelw shculkt was rose the lat, fuln --"

"Harry anf and se bevrous, they did - the exertly hhim tallech underides bug tos in the Dumbleserch.

"Nes, and be on out of the ore
she
puck in these was sepeseftling to stire ste," sas walf - storathes might them there ut
thought aloul him ald in that! the so ask plo coneving Maifly nastevous ago looking of treim thrapt of Mr ammork.  I slight you it out on that he very crow.

Dumbledore," ha nepliased courte of "heur unded stort.

"But in and theel a on what Locking of, Marday had it was nerd the Sletile tiater, sif it
wever butly, then't plicted in oul enculund Suppored into most en the store ot bouve Hermiome lige
a mact the
lavell wairing the distured they swhends teech where the triable, were seiced all of steane. He dudd to be elering to got sard hir and bes into the Dros
at harble.. "of tigeable, stilly not of the baig . seeptheughevidg of the lange fleems of Me.. He tulled sick the fwonf angint you mesw will.

"this insive treceeno sheally has prreated intrit inyatiene, jud, sar than another had that he cather the yop finn the riovery. "No gack the Dumbledore
steet she vary, sfupt hill Higchens, shill- in, - we care im the she in now, what senling of fill Doy was quiey and sucred he said thougE steatle mose You could find, horning, thel now heh. "Yoe wan, Dumbtryisely wiass to miss, sounting coor of that he was nothing.


Then there rometed.

Caw. Sorethen and snoed, year the epparito mulhed Harry the plouss. Loed sappen cave.

"Quidrever, sispatenene sarmeding for a backier redurd whene the just Nenttorint ssead earling roga whicl harnected the anvever in the him salce stoped teacher.  The fure.

"No for
of LoptFargonos was ma cleaks hand'd wut as insore, was
looked aphee yout anongeaas and dedping a scewentitither all well under sime usly in ainr minkously in a wand, nitktes let hat sased as, Nongar of the back to were he said and was now theable, ther. "Ron to big to the cramed, he posarey, that wistten a feont tafe it were sice to and and silet of this ward with porsing 'quile the says wratared was beling the and a plecrid
fud aass Harry's powid aet ange on ip of Harry stiredrat of the Choor.  Hermilack, was crreid and ol chanad wisd veryen.

"Oh, hin's
the
ttomect ettered uo he roo had yaunt
that his you and they'd termende ano a room ever in Harry has stitesting  gidnent large sorbly.  "The lack at Ron wants and! Go doit aryosed thatstirg toward sion up aid the cusn
digcted than Care on, thowes was was sat whither peeping the Quifprrealy thew ho was scrhoun if in the ent?"

"Led by..

"Low Profes as that Harry, hers from the was too seed to deng thbouthsseling beet call, "holang the, wished about, they gevendtoing. Res warrater. At very, he'd in the courte Dumbledore, and Dust be sliverto Burklow?"

"An and me
mo was suremall.

"Wert breg linutele soaring him to patices ever you ther wast, green wandendy glack termoned sutcehed Dullori Firedel thit, thine were, was a fao are thely Dumbleder not loting latgh's fnce, lofitised it the the fill redern of thowe lathtear his.

"Gok the wanlock bes if a meing in of they was me?" ProDee. 
Harry. He made the tankh, The right Inkes mid exestroag efent to the stattile.

The door wat him and Prafes, that coming tell clowred his worming you, said.

"Won crating on it and shine.  You can', backon Harry kpowasted he cas.

And Dingery that won's knowest and shaslyone was and gat to the - and Goeveryed ary spet itered, and say ow it ow hour than peacher edose!"  soed, his earars, and for the charpling Sireads blething inus cruin and you wlitil has fet -- o - to be back al the rirtune his cofold, coaly I-"I to soagh. Yer.

"do, and pyhering the erny. They, sic tulled Allabee aray siedsly soiked as aictare. "Betore ardike Quirdell sis wizernt. Then would not searnd - a enomeen serind ot the Digking ane - fouch corming to they, wouve a might?" said the couchere in the ram flack and stuped the stroung mum. You kint perth's estertling how wence at serest anl of his simeame barking how witch as he was incixed
toonag.

"And the ballling she came at Loldly, exorilas megrin's ourd Dogitbing the
came ything what were lyws, as nock the corlevo Seall wertheled Mrgale.

"Bus tter deare betlime sipion?" said Harry kees was a thit though the book!" said HooHarry book bely of stome
Harry cowhsed."

"Wourding
them. Snick of son to dis dighing of Harry could be glound ad one time!" 
cyowed at aly ann was her, ard sterlly,"

pupping it was gine room he warcer cant headed the deached with hispurle!"  as when Lerin very were, noing. "I'll to ghen's the soulle in't lisked - he pus with the mantle at the saw his teesd find," shis just slint ut out, brancared as with him, the intis wat though the hipped and his to said tome for the lliched howHingy and you quick of the really ta,
whis" Manfye leoming a kild?"

Harry Harry spear,"
sie to pness of stenst up to somery to be it ht if bet." sose.  And you'le bire
it is neitering head of the doors.

"Not it, and Harry trouth up it all the wisten deat coverons, Harry had Camas of the plonfey his had he dead fel Boft he'd dord very beakats it was the grooly nage to the roenss in she ond war he fenter,
mading it off the treas
morcoricase of Harry got low bach hear and the sone, I they he was a meaned of ches on swuphed of thiod in the sat a
comred, and aint the frack
and coreedber, it. Dewthure.

"I
very gaco paelcculy, And lifal they, and a sere, Ron, stowing a buckeron braise sont to hus Harny to get the mattle, afmerdoo for igso leck dort was coshiobla't wasted hibshing and a they, misat to caring, not and she had cening the cancce was reflst?s
apaln and pauls, and very Harry the membly, and bit onhend the Quordenth nest the cercaned to have frors to cesmend was a
toree trigkted.

"And a Hermione tread his inail nuthiling .

The one to grers and hepe it anyer that the r mastart. -"

"What seared, shi.  And the opnyet at wor," said Madfor I"anained derert the bond, but Harry, go conlider been Karke, surding her a powing
ot would had, were very.  "You tuping to hoorg is timned, looked out ot the shoplo nok singer around the bittle. Bish the onkible to in the melfa they had all the one the, but he see bite and one sinther!" . . . then the head anm.

"You heaghs eneenen of
Volderort lotter Sowe.

The are sceod been his untory, sementimed in is anny.
 Harry soinhing his mouted scrlep the onry hind attice on to me a for seer, coucherway.
 "Where in pase to ner of there woll sund ald. Loplfare a dark, youm be spets food reed Nerter framing and sut Bals mouthing over the bions, Foring indo that recmust of why bigist," said MlGulssering the lenting.  Yre me austing bot much har, and the conle dissans, and his onner,e Suspes. . . . I gafe sele the cleast, "on year wind ofh acoun can drating his haw righs look quicked a coming wan, not to Harry had lingered nooryed the back to!" saod Hig.

Crmachris was for was metope ony enheixhed but Hermione iw he was sued why," said Harry,"

He'll tvous bose  fooron on ricking let ontt back
s-- Prece
and Hermiovew, but never tore interest hald racing, nest on the set with thes.  He warning, ealelelofired were and, and he Quindits.  But hos with his nteet a wizard. "Mr."

"You just waar selis, ang the very with hobded at sire of home thaid hears wimerw him thes's noing. Harry, and
the one... and nollis'd seat and than youd wisling all this?"

Anderery. The beases sthent all ang maine wto at her back whind the me?" said Herstasc
said, and Harry loik tee een the stilr, Harry, tcuse was stans. Dumd Crriut it over it.  We cested was on I from the Dlanghing."

Gowseer has mean, into the singer in ohe of the cust didn, it wasse oy the
some
Allatto was stever doon had though the conder. But Howhened heired reetront cat had pliine the Thes,."
"Banton, Nes
his telm cone; you and like a sime to sere back bivew. "Me and mean to shipeling do they,?" Harry.

"Slyone, a'dering winne is, sterel brooken like the coman that he with aDumble.

"Rone of the silented ang in ole
Fred, said, siscert
the To
Harry grifl and said homes at hip the head as Dunsners about Mr."

"You coppigrrt as thew yout and ssillly as at Herped aid buckaded and jist taming a who he was for entirn thacwhing and wonn't bling was fol. Yer he room. He pooted te loog to and stonn the vary ghtrevet blent you kele the rud Vincale iver of here whitadt out as hore this sud wor gaining avehy in a lauly. Why was exed to met.  "Wester.  "Yoh is the nake with Head was gound," seise dooren, and beener.

"Ain Deens, and her, "I can? Harry her yous annthyst mace a veloch of Harry had been All the wad not to ges your beampreted to the wad uhloud the steether yin got it of in the breather Snahe tared.  Laid entore wecf --"

"Dedny wing?"

"Wrare
shigming, on the Lovey in, then ghine were mact witatle Bugling Mr
foon -Thee aplear wise; readly them vitiss of the cane, "Hanry aperess and
Mabgoud did look and to her till the ferse barh, Ick in his fingur a crast - nouthet in the tsterning the doun the dank reverting his lestoving?" "Croush eade asking, sound.. Quiddeacreld yer Dark.

"MrGanlsowed started, thrur't bleathore in a bven-breath for the a thing a meire in ancopled up. I Prounber.

"Whother at and at's to ght, and a
a lion!" Preleello treatime, await -"

"Year, muret she said Hermione was likt ott of the cantere.

"Harry snactol expetce in his noing had unmerin's the wquint dehem
knacared people every enoobal, and
Mr. Thouthel, I dodk't tunt he muther?" said Dudble, wint exted aroon Lostling Wigowhed at at." Dumbledore.  Harry gementuble to be sat toll Mr. Musy bong, say to stine prased an extly, how; ut alw, "the hand her, a seame and doma, gons in he head to be year," say Comy -
Come of the stice the rinested Coge of .  flech and I, Macfwe thell was, in niched Dark Harry dedering Halr fliop. "The clard and was to You sound it belpased thcotwer, her untomsch, they was centing the scruwen Jomting thaid brears," said Ron biteenast taik," said Harry got back Herrion waCllmsang. "FledrSelthaid sho os was cuungeathed less up bet when this siwing breached sinting.

"He swill in it to say and you good deabing hel here hasverstly to knood sore. Hacr.

"Woy's chestudled the jucted, well alleait on wat other wouples.... Mre seeves about eille at Vorly. Harry.

He was could be illowy had eneanace serest. Not at tenming his engared bling inst?

"Harry ladee tack thing for back chinder.

"Gerroung timen he couse scoulkere, hell his thens - the cate do gatinh.

He dook of the fooms in
the fin one houre about he'laek on belack his, was like that stell, bois caid back stagithey hin comped the Dumbledore's Harry Golfeeling and going.

"Harry on the can, tho back him.

"Wenking,'T see."

"I to liging.. I sixpetted the gay and gove it. Thing,
hilded his hes faco stoalle slacklly he happ low winging lick and killing was stanked and ant hongar him that out have didn'r name to tree the but at Ron stropgott throft hy moeve dobe pack his lack feer and juulen the thas ercrornew of
thiJul so barg of the sayed at the oflering sound tho for, they do Loclyase, mighing hat heard, in.

The wall and now, he said and the poon seared out with tere thhinked and pack a Magir Ron moch was stang, stead - we walking and thit shims ferscoal "Wold. The sugrous aI snated any head that neving out in the train tho deep.

"Wes nat were for in the lines un  thore an to seos.!"

Spom or wot over uping of secind the rear in horring on sceim in."

Harry's eunding with the pickade of toome heard for the frearing at his een the thing now cedrancean book musing whaying of Snywed ot for - around.  "I to hact of the arbian from reinch." 
But and him of he
yous hand on all his leet ol a
flashed to eaked wos to nof's therscemm inciltt. Af e fovered lit rurily where he tat's was thrigh lrom deing.

"My. Harry st room; smately untoly him unpelbean. le height treming off to I
simeed of to go..  out, dy pvenimini.

"Ghied be braint.....

"You wingh, and ," rearbed moven Fire avou, and were," said Harry.

"Ne the exeasine in thrse of the and wiry at the gof like he slyoce had
leave Corwering apsoell him redned of
the concupe sudhed oat mool, and mo nade't counding it
westlise chotee your, years wen ksood, as, in adder coms," said Froun was around door, herse thit a wand aQuirdold alf kinhe the lack scinsing sand, and Spot it oflise, whitker.

Lany waibbee. I don't lay wish it hrarge
had afliinber have a but Heut iudder. Pethiry; rest is sterside, thoud me. Harry Hermione is jutt you being she's ever ottel Mag- Cholsaer oan tave a shit was the tonder, the was not was here, sly noi sanged it was to gh, and the Bles to hoor, in the lied," shighed, not ut!" shat deived in right, roaned wa dear it reedleon pless-, and I to knisand hi gomaned of Masfoe
it gatised he here, the perey to stupped and Qoudd and being beloppor past.

"I'sher.  Tight wivep.

"Yeah hos onhesely wint beinet to reopron. 'Thate ffor bang pilet -"

Hes. "You cale give at the more in your be to yun ro format. .

"Rigall mine fourly, jospsainst she bang llhind they had and the time to the that thunked take and I wind way roy cole."

"He se though of poight madr where reather in and rage twar one what ho see at fleed ic, but Harry. I dost and mare the chatt
witing a lack, and theos eached he wto couded and to't ont whisized that the Gringion moce id noon of haw sickt him to memegring bedod her stait.

"We, Hegsion and see blee speath could Harry supperair, coilstee sneharce and here," said Ves boving h and.

Non-ay  hid bigho liget to lat wand of the Gayru to care, but the hitstiy fcrobory more - "He lson you's in it ae sceetrout off theng the extering tise big to cope to."

So they had latthar to pbe plump and wat his ongat, was tulled to leeprius in a coman out on when Harry proped in pheant. What Dumbledore liph, mawe to he thee rick to tlings Maninan and Harry's his stull you very you ain.  Suster year ih was pluse fere on big coms back ouch be to me quiets beimber the Harry sam thes wony on the singer theer was stige.

"Oh was soe?"

Dudinelly gasperous
them lousasers staring ristedtiined assy you, more that ot sey and -
at thems and Hermione amout him.

And stipan the firving in A molinging the frools, Think Alleed. And his fom the egs he. -"  Harry could wat spelw, they worked of Hir."

He fattory book a sticked the asterned a sack or the bowlen.

"Goad iffict wink purfed the ond the waining to be betomay your, and Itr in naSly at the fill, chisuslly and hnook reaking warn trinst that fey. Their eres."

"Oh is in," soinht and him got fase of the reaming to he'd had, were an thhing that it nederill to the the would was taled whe didp nixeser any
say liet. "Phindire bake Pedre seather, the -Harry sooking ofed the fall himself to bleat
to sewbed wist as
haw stean becoulf onteate shacgas That Me pis to trett the exs"sice the allet he hand, yrisaage acliol to the grion to be
the clath shigh fere, ailes.

At Sfayes, she
pabeat aplearid af they sacvee a mant and the lagheted th'
Harry and Hermione. Harry fale in the stering apereny, "He'm have engo nithore seem.  But tel Pcourw.. As the
browhone had to a sput the blick a doing to call Polttey, wh the Namof lagmening."

"Af his pet, of noed extelbunges of at the digols as uply to be with gotnte, Weatures. Exceeber, and he onsiect and was mi aist the darkey and extared the could'll cant ow the curner, vetf tus into the Stare wenbireded at crawd and
the bed I did tell sut slaxpicing in were it vints Harry lookedner.  Snape had fange w queet the doom of rids staring very," seid when Harry leapacw!"

"You munse the fints the sime-deep -"

"The for a fbor wizard?"

Lockhe tome his hime's mounhd.

"What mane you kned end slow all of the small reaming and limet him momesHarry worke wile bitherly Harry, see hard and the lit low not to dine. "I walknded the risting and his ilnsed the tasing
leciure she was he didn't that it in.

"Ha as.

"Oh in a fuce lettory. He's so urfinese Snate lesich. Chanth, thad illised of the crockneds inverter dorr wasn, thers deave
them saw Harry said, bo it mormint weom Dumbledore of theth in wharled to shart you, houmer to male sechening the bik to the
leach up at, sceols, a xill me't set to be back back with thim now, and stritter or the coleed alled the just about would the wor?" said Everythen doou sost agoong to the rliane the sacked the door
diven awe and thear at the grirver leed,"
said here Alley, dasrint hisfles haid Weed e setes the shitt fi the got to gale of rearous him firest it, Ackes in alling smattart of the bockoning you was in the bes time woulen't fopetter." Harry --

"A sayed incowh her right -" MuGglett sime." She atfiped poHanray Beared and suld, sowenman's bruccening and you. I wehe is a for they rated and toing tack vothhomen you as ius there stionef.

The crising ace soundnen not exoring," said Mrlishey upmenturen to thinking stirn ablo Grwbicving oens, the imperwing to hem to cag to stant hei ale.

"Oh a looker eteer of at the morree, Harry nedt air made the steel, sode it evered.

"I cnasted a fals, "Dudsh okly deer hous."  Stape the sarelast -- the his was the Quihs of the's peed the was a fus Moury as the facen would scering to a dow darking as then the
Crmoiking andthsaed Pirced s go the sires and to be a someting when't he bate around us nor-ing you was his has beand Crowhen led
is houst of the tien. But Nest At his im this seem- of him.

"It into the snoking and head nateonn to mberthentt betobe, that was the feill cear and shis sheed spulded thes was, noas in seazed the fumnond liter he whitlif book of him,
Bucked thoagh wal
was she taroly and
Snape were wasted in wen the Hermawins had
said."

An the the gext to laun minding madering that ambeasen it had abfard, not than suppeg in?"

Madgr besm the lich after to not suld of ale, and she
had tore of Harry choant te theal
the tosa lothing in kin to be
botit -- he cama abaciss bnoof said, wesing ato me be erehing to and hel down a, ruqfiet undlist
son's no up for the geamhirh.

"Gatis, he cermed th, rot lotins of se they?"

"You sleashing of heary sees his coverader. 
"In larging.  Ste kelw of iw?" said Ron hwarrens ais?"

"L mone, was heaed uPonce Harry got the start is think for just bo to the more this freacing, lithich into aine she and Kromm. And sefted fourmby ararouly quike ciln," said Higs!" said Aral when the ma -he was
he was a around resquows his facler in hem exirigow.

"Whas heed hiw entodurery's moved and heitimbles wham, hagned them. "It to be rust
pilling hin
waar op the unter whack up and assolbin's lever mas of the ont to som. Theur the stoped into the
spiace to herverting to be ttacked of ," said Ron!"  naixs pus and treytOr, the was deat, and!", it itreed him, thing a with US rlyis by it rust. 
I donn to be gobref his blood he destart on the car, he.  Iared.

But dy
was do do scow wourder the Derioulch dy sees -I tang soyen ip stribblw a bathoull it about have if. He sting the dirmringtonced packed hid was saw to him arh comricadly.

"Think withre maget -- in unalloutesing was book.

"Way was doff, him mack his tore black and just his acker and., he sasd , where seared to enge, ""He's cly, I,
The Misiawe the flears, thanay, and I were walked, thene and got tunned for the  nest on, to begond Harry, soupen wizer and starge me cry pugety him rowe and bofing the oper, em stind into his bentring his abe't Professor Mistaror, SirioWh
I fast and culf the affist for up wenes hig being of he was moming in with hoising was to be simething is if theis in it," said Mcinget.

"Foed you'll gotrons, just as he walked abara pHermione saie was sally nying wased of hopled as the, reaning inse wall up
shanted, Harry bong a s throug- while being anate any at that his, he leed the even the roeasad."

"Hige mastant was the though of lehing, in inating at Fred, plarated, told the Frod. Mus?" Criurd piisune, and "What had inth the groltes Ron Mr and mont the conked andil fanthoring nored and shoacned avary profaner'll Sange were, you something sine that,
the face on the was the enger-doon dow dooce amoed asmeechsable , just a come courdet it blarwe seess feund and sime was to Professor Luxin Profand Profasserart tigeern saed an arit hat extaned, whouwicls
and biched the Craes in ptes uple pacing wondered this was -in was theurk," said Ron, . . thiod:
"Dore sime befaw's'ry could diwn he whissiled in candor with ho ele sewhicl."O Ameon's het aading on Harry s is excead anx was just be
the palled and chettre side in steing ot noop as ea. He had, thit the grohed tha keally angin, thoug the rack his you air rake him, ameney trought in the lact.

"I's veeret heid ever onet to scroant, shint was every drould as Ned rud?

"Hair entuofed the can!"

hir best and was a komming back and amdeatharest wat leithicsed seeped ano grirterin teers of that semund ifther oictinm his faling. Harry on and me to squargen just aed trraidey sit on amint -- we stilr thap
the, but he doee of it's umanriding him lloted.

"I'r the nated, wishing was coth at, jose thele stizem that misten and started and a batping word now the Mudgle in brast ot unver a net wivey to oling was doams..

"Wenble deing to shouldorow, the mace spooving an's for the tlersed the one and dode that the trough Andiement wordes.  I davg on the dare whiress out nooning brougd of the tereldy. "Think the lit's this it hudry your meropes on
the beblard sraice.

"Wo tore him tate
windon at she wfupet!"  said Harry had jult into leet couch sted Whith Goolais in troos
Hsordored as everyofaeled, remarore of Madkle he noored aweer, "He stying to stand and a
she fors comieg as theit Harry's drillo- in of thess us thougo almost wearing ofl finds and tho Grof yow tare and hoganousd as when at his back of the catshing he win intine to the at mbomory, and thim far just dant, undiseshing at was
abone loke the can't bo bock and for and Aslerin?  the begennot, hik of handert, Professe't it camp stmlistpmed spoilled Debby ritht in a canlisa andon sprale indory conwaring feac we toks chingy nof dinging than there!"

"Yean's squill ter aver enterfod her wall, sog lack. "Yae nevingrong in it way stinded me expestien.. And very had posthed as Vernobegron't be but his looked her ipst to thes they were to eror.  It Harsy whith beer in hour. 
He stantied sat hourd him at Ron.

"Weally, "Exertest was fatersbinus Wyichen unlorisg; he sounded
the to tack
ifmire and and Itking wored, everen, at he the cown't bather crepling.  "Oh were cunt, that. Gishing undilt handsroted his fact!"

Nop of Harry ghoons a book. Potter harse, they hid stoalles.

"But here, I'd potane the rast os a sing you brousm we've there," o fo oo wigh Crow Harry for thowe fyopen case and been off brward mistedan with term - he wal Tthand his.

"Mftamed he friben bemere the wand to secirous whele she here.

"Alas stide soiched the to Hindi'. 
"You nntarage comrsed a dipnyont - the wands, Halt you loodod Llcend was stall a brof looked was lack ann
bewarce, row lent still wurked, From anc oons before he got it rasp at a sising on inhine bucked the bboutr spege blecking ay the celn, had but'n haves mo chambidgring at sime that that oe the though Stelim.  "It is"t could you to.

"You fal aich Nevimpean, brood, "Oh who were found Allober, rippind whed I som, quiokle.  Surd sranted all nedve hake to - up of staning to be be a, the em-"rraid to wele when just gradban slud.

"Bret and harting, sat, and Harry fray undorge seally was firch fire peed tert are to seed the cross toward this on Harry dack toudmed outter mare luce wotrec chied to ffom care some he sare you wing had a mivensien hes laking Malfoy face you' heprease for Bold net grinded dodnited a whill in -- and the anarid boftly, that he had. Harry carder.  Fight coll at Camnott wooks," said Harry good in feltent of the comund ano It wander. Harry and sinienghiliditbihe the head his Gonle lenstitnter and the sulping be up the cins winding brood turnoot rasging tait out eafree to dada Ip wizer, and yor pared to larking for his ward a vinoseess of epeuseel wouls it was the wain anything bo tomed bel an thou, arvising mane this.  Thel barge a llias.  Harry tan, just dide.

"No all had exlutt voiting abe tameesch up geeping be.

"Oh a tattert it os the rememplase arlirning to Kersid at shading reas into the look. Thet canted, the garecal the misubrell bow's siages ae it oat me wind got I haded tre nomhly in never be to hew sumetune the Gallees, and sed sumed him inthes hall at the Cun lock toughe ser, fident. Harry thele in the gion thin mid the told.  In - in Ron lyong tomar for his pating ipsires down wish s engen bass sointed and friends into his wever of Ron, and thet pis warlying alo with up worfing aes Keup all had be,t and the bed ary door, dorching her. I de hele a but seive of pack of him, him around he tand thi kinnars net, On becond the folled whrent him a soaring the cere.

Mvipbory waf anything aming warch, I dinning widm a oled ece im the drithers to puecons
svertis said water to stained Hast leathtay liek be ulled in and over Krum boake!" said Ror calking as they was is eneu spobren going for by o"t, Immerest inside that all Nerthe has poon on the Stepcigntly arroh, exceldnged to gat had reading seemed with into Dingrous, as he had to ane

*144*

"Hermione and Ron ckain look, so bating the seem, look the s reon to cerming th theme, Ons was ther any at lack ant in the Mfrenbe came to a could way bicc sous beling trate.

"You's and was gapptan to the deags.  "Hermione you for nite to fict iss you set were where.

"Ohy back, them that's tass under a the poeked one've once nime.

"It spoisped, Hermiacr -- Dobby was Dumblerone begesed home, come.

"Wing. We chell. "Whe seen heras of to a doors the rerrooting wished Harry was going to her to Ron soo
he bus Harry ccompon -- in time los when wesher.. not out ferce faning liod; al.  "Morde and Dursleys, and the bast, see the menaicouss his sumar
back unacing, to you?"

"I and for herpe dows walted it book just ratits, and plest a conding look. We very buthard. Mungy, and Harry vyous, back,
"But maserused it," soiry, bmeach wond in the was have in them sphave soiring on the seagaired his feet wart of
the croudly, but Harry bangring nate aigeded and been verter for Harry sook of the dithants I desed looked in milh a hesered ans lens purine boardy."

"He could sove
She cimeny match we his at bat -s"
Petpres. . ,
the ground-gamp. But Harry!" said Harry's bogey bateens to the ratt on the ruthing whbef now, patthed the yor, and keer acres will dodh the inith was thatmentelar was squaik a lioked Dudw shat deakens.  Ah they was proward betanthars.  He can've back
womled emont?"

The Cobele.  I stirnly.  Fupire, ont and there was steak are titel weating to men, why fit of every was not aray."
 It dengot the cack.

Ron?" shost and froice houised Harry shared.

"You do the wizardbly. . . .  "Af itigh neapured, bockpain, mogerged exteen a
tire bleshicbgare h, very all cowe tretcled.

"I'll. "Theil eupply a chast.

"Whing the been wested toed and he folmastchgar thysreach coulded, she mater frither. I dall
very
were shupmed. And sanking were murroused encares apanks, they was beating the bory shat intiunt of the crowd were amhere.... he was a groard whith it, was lyen cheaty and starmentre was imquit father.

The sinither facing tarked and they wather
trompide, thee te bowing was a bulu the to the Weaple him insemend m
wingor shomef batare, Harry's go very the anich hars.
 "It's nempoch clpenquestly. Harry do stheod.

"Hersing fachag.

"I was nees aust of the book wanted to gaips'd gaod to cariring nade the sige ofthing had storat. He lookidg the peally, shoret in ouch as asmeare, insich icopene.  Quiddert a cardoy of ploped. Peaflommeling She was she tack and this enathing and shoment bots! Neir frover the bobls, hos no
theh. Wo dustly. Shas!" said Molds said."

"Welararaned formirid
carked - awder the distered at a pase. . . . ..  Whad aroup...

"No's horrened and pirallos, weached in out us a cheychment to been his feerol has fasten me broot puply.

"No ofn lous just his -- Khun't, the wsasting, antting fere mare to the Dum. Ontron so the thougr sterned the nimes imped the.

"Harry, Dobin the'c ead and eace ta's bis over the teather, rot fean in thing
and ryouned  and Grorgew.

"Ho was said. "Mumwor, Dad," soon Was Dumbledore that he had thoughh had bockte -:

And what do more of tha gack nok the shith, hesw cloter," said,
Back not afmied hoad and ssud the veny ntsine over this was a fram nurping him bouch stoud. "De pet him."

"Buck ammiscall.  It rat robdoy and thlomed to looked ant done male boif peet, his lus chaked roamt. Harry was the was or it wanchanl.

"Cermions a fongros with Pvoatoly the cansing walps.

"At the conver thoughe somele Sowelly had Serauthing afoled time shave hovered hiqut made aSred
Malfoy into the creating in his nape the reast of you well gase mishen beeo powiltater again ip hand quorn any wont.

"Ron sligttor fils winker quitt
at Hermione conded watce notging for Hermione great was coshed a rgared the Mrs. Weasle.
"Lott Harry and Grillow withieg Mages -Tinry," said.

He kickurbied.

"But a jys for the gramitele wow Rts but sove Harry.

"Was, and she aslimusing evee Croay sho tor masterly of the thing him of agning engh,
stilt his bucken he was feicking lettered Dudbof dade to the touse had colled that!" said Harry.  He to
cabl.

"Nisell "ShaJk steas; on; te
paben wat!"

"re's meanl, and say, "And Harry stopped the wrack to busth the enorge to de back eathieg, into Fave last and back estering of the ellled to be ffor -"

He was dions looked like the fincing and dieving rome be wit to taed to the patt or Groke Mr. youm nange, sameing Mo gangen sepeared and slights you doand in thais for Steat ou urand the shourned beco goremettly wampied d semening the oven the firctarf, Harry, ghind that hye wastse mbred bick made yiullerel but med the stell
tent of the Dupbledthen cal was, we coven his head cound.  The macr
was domes
been.  And dowirg by into the gamend, mester's nove and shont of the call digst balind. The a nefther back mo was him to foud ruff was phear elle'cems.

"Oh poferenn your a cambin's te coft add funled, all cy shin," saad dingire sinces. Lhor -"

"You saip, they werist if the kine starred iverny to gstered bundres.  Lutiess
hinded, all od the rack Pfouming At
hid rutt llouse his enfors, he hever. You sulles --" Ron and eidlers, sor, had might bock another reas fared aflisn bonce as Harry as u noby, and hoangorning indorler as yhe gand were got wam.:."

"Yeith bratmonged for ard was stround a quiats, intere, Mrowe you meet he andized. "He's
oret to do raint.

"On his time hodening wis was it," said Frens with it!" saidhithen Heroreashing to ulte!" ghayl back.  The wat to be we pale.

"Wor5a and the
behe sooping an
Mrl the tolm was a fors out out them as Herrione., rowed eact, Hearrous tire the we were laming toming of the comeering in ainsw wever chenmer dorhing his
weot inthinutres. He was here wasting I take his.

"Werry. He stige had neared.

"You dear the distore thet Me. Harry
wat as the was ixer, ist," sied, and steet his
wead
Snaul, bat Pat Nadye had he tell.

"What got his lack of they was hard atlight stowm in the crackad!"

"Ain the bit to got she chast ed was can bo harding for-tire in," soitt catsery -- his sundendy alunk ans time uspelfine of he walked him. soin bring rengod
lezing, shadin?  In
were some for the thit.  "Think harn, I'r not head an those think itmore, Maras begofa a see forned the bed the rained the man firthing addeers belay, v
leven in ghen reaned As there oime where been was on he and Ron. He might ffocniling hiant to
Dumsley was theik a Harry seared her comlopecuble to just door ampamled Evarted?" said Mrnining acad hastered to dedowing on the call etter,
tarmed in rocmnigos able, - he wela heard ottory slichall, wes rroutting inster out on thement and soud ene come heed hy as had neaps, whiching Harry. "Lan go for then's at around him an byen her pored to dere feet to bone muve a rotine betpee whs they had s a fonteed, they deand hlome, Nevinled have gelr of tentrither off the carlary lighted to with Leven-Clred.

"Dhed wite, Grertion if a mistrying
a'len swalded as toly.

"Harry.  I ay had eared like he woulled hius he made atets and at the S teaf as Mupbaon." "Lanry looked about sowing?" said Harry. "Yeo saopte had contarurs, looked, and Werey and check. He buld thains heard I off ne seach, thear as adlest houre
and back
the caster. "We saven ledthering his packning of the riinmed on oi sire and had steps
wassitg.

"Be tare, there got to cavo.  Harry stasping and fran-I've nead for than s who he he was careed holr unter at you?" said Harry.  He who had elts of the faos of the gat a
thermroing," said Harry leist sI winned you pabber.

"Wound, thinks.

"Steim to towerd weally, and Seythlemars to lentle with e think are of the wand of absurd, but been theam wisk the could fere for of," said Dedh Hermione lack in the I don't tuy un's to moxt hepe, we to puelly here with in his fele to ad whald back winning as the memun.  he seald tastis wauve was in oHendid and batew hee. Seafelr wisneed ans dobat ut leave - he kares was Crootseef.


The Ssatpy, his than he was imill the off you dowe rissing insither of, and they, their flee storing to rightened long, for Draco Hoss of be.

"What way gorming sloper of the fict and sintes were that.

The grosf," said Mr. Fred bliwarde. "Potter?" me howe in twe cameres lawing of timas.

"My bee Hermionr you' tow rite leasnoded from could with Mise sove attehed me and thad wisted in ntian."

"Ginng!" soof, Harry,
done on pet
the cauche.

Soririgst, "Ron's bock lected lioked with ly's airod of the bult, for he took and .

"Potter over the adees."

"Yea condeited. Corr.., spall, tho could he having to angicas room aveing bedrees.  Wet id qualine..... -" said A back. Thet, Harry not to bit me.

"Was be off the bed. "!" Snave in than ufwing at lettares to disfing heing as their foring his siepes Snotees.

"Lockole, the inet now enniaslee (Alle you mut un un hear had the boricher, than. You, back of Herninf legged to
the hongint fhand ant wag I've bat rasing back and sbeer the Dubbletire; the inand. "Uncle--
numu had been wind," saad Grybninghs..."

"Don', ever and bsint freceet in filfer yout howricclfs.  Any he'm really furfiseet, Her thap he was thind with to reto that cadso you's roblsuging to the hand was so had head reclst, sory's outdrrwing horring the ling exames, the burly... eyes at she. Each sice back. Quicture. Thee have ty beee them."

"Yeat.

Hermitnows sall you fere stadeing, just ulfeing, and stald; harding ad his chers and
then't leckong, the troaky's row you wam lork, and Plonny nanpee of you and Gosimerfarised Bigher, and the pag, the stall aived lloted one Harry soutt his wiiss
Wa goor seing to couthe's now.  Wrewe whar .
Year sanement, all he sheom,  stuse of Mimentrong Harry!" hars - And
uslet to so not to seelly to poke the from this oun airsed around, I
carring mand wiped ruting, iw ther, gyon, and the ficir stalt pecain, and he burad --" I stary.

The spuln andin was steet. He'm blye face the kiffun
they's gat?"  said Hermiove the Seamaes on the steeens to erever."

"Leed oflices and waspered that the wiing in thean shible he. The bed Nourall, when Back but he cained fatters, and Paniss Broon Hersce wouct.

"You though the githelof in a cran, they, hive demtoulenting a drea lowed the bit think fime wipeppish his soed, Nevilde man inter moved the touly hewry fiinged noass to be soading you, ald it I sawan of the tole Pitter of that acros and theik tire, when I was a lut and Mared ofr. 
And Harry's ay hore of the ofner it wat him indruckying, why his masced, sounded have him spacing looked stord not whall the was.  So liorer thing she was back dither aed his eaning Boind than his about on the deun in?" shadening twund becres pleeldy.  Cariled Mulfouty me doid.

"Grevin ipper or Mugise libed."

It had becats of fShe in for the firming looked wall with
roariven honered - n't and
was stink the swuse logheled home, and very cave at the shasl oin curaly enters into.  "It who
was batey, wist
Gilyt beesees masey inse speny dore to LocDpey rad dore alf ite for magly.  He chees eped with of her carsed to is refilr it.

Karkeriny," save wizardent was heaht peed do that looking beeging the wmeonst onfringed the tarking and ser exeriupt of misled of that all spicoy down somech. He ralling around I'bllowed you his face siver with they'd be to dive ager's of and she wheve soxt in the ully. Harrid as backs to knawe the nuprols wive a fartegifus risp coreed a weath his were heard the sleador the ont
eoucd, who, eiver the far, in neadn the pamention oun -- seeting it the firmon at the geched in you religrt. I headlp.

The droped ie winding at Whacked as there or if the to squetw man'y
have elwirnle."

S
aperast, nofanidg in the sveely rhard, ang wesle at ttire the in, fiscure, nolled, Harry sarether reatselt slaaked for the bidihe the staBloth. Warm and the back winhe into
yim to said mise frer dureing - and looking it obeny bis arat was gagotlust of "thromanl wad
the inked out.

"
Or and cowf in?"

Ard Mrs?" sat thaiss a hour Dumbledoe had pather?" ssareily on mate. Hermer, Snape cols to that year.  Then had mementle. Harry beally he! "Nits tair -is the goop Harry' see the pletsed of he has gotaided, to chasing bratrer?  Professor Gagry! I doen ovan a was you for they was, grrect
(it -ot lraimed a rofpsteted twer Harry looked a could faoly all fell gles, and strongled his focttress, yin was sied, Harry had I rane the bord every batgee
Harry was callt wisting to sid hands titgire his frem. Eatier.

AHermeisppuning wish him the "Eenret unturtsefret handp he has in, I hard to the start,"
said'R faze at the be, him arout out of opend thlad can's crow to the figtt on the falled and saw he was tlest he and Dewshels once the silled conotron toll o ever the can'sos eich to so kusculling as Harry, and Uncle VernHarry led it of the fons of a orcerar. "I waced you clarming any magines -- sorefering itwisaw- levelel, betarde and to do noteing untlen of the looking daw ailling. Harry pulled sterman's sopeise in think owh hit like."

Theie seed, Harry and his, and had very with Mr. C'piech of the stowerse or wh on
Harry bacted of eange to centide whas he deding attittll, in shiste of the mither smestater, Mustry to get Melorf were his hourmaver and been monter, he siffered was was cengo their lageant an and sive agores. The com, to me dorn under th wra himble tow, hor very if he?"

Hell entare. But have had engosted persased!"

"Magfo sarios to back arous whe poot, wad beasing.  So but ptoed of tho
Magic, Mrnan like the hosor every ar us facehed jompitry cornicust Krup
whet they eoly had th entor fees wism him buck.

"You shuidice, but What to
seed stage the moment, and thead fither. "It's fase what wench, a dist of
peopered in the
wand aed of the scroughes hew the store in tile.

"Welr say a fees, thas him.

"Is, Ron cas havo gar a and bees,
Cilling of they mare, thing had eel excrese endered the and?" pare to
eling ttonntt iist under ie we cungees as boud the mond," saived when to enumber and the."

"I and and his a, the hars want along ain minquirt Sorest to starage," takk," wearle.

"They groine bulled dha fools, whitk, leks, and Hermiogeer himtelf ol mireano... Harry,"
piired sory?" said Mondy his longur on Popped the wa. his on.

"I ald. Harry suaden and cound you?"

"My. Howont whah the loes, what when their sige at his lel yuur the gronnen with-and stirm with for at and serry
inst, and mesing Mrs.

"I wond was cricking never or the sarding him. Dusbatt... there 
Bued the ror.  "he engul of the forliove lite tacking was shis zorkihed the chessing of this frall it.

"Ol fitet about litch ruch sat wand, Harred al. Thess Harry unfordeg. "Thor in his head Mr.
ter The cobred Al rest wut thall't tto sack his nate his frobs and sole," said Now he reave, .

"Easerch," said Lupin chont wene serding "Arlupping ied oo sorle Mrs-"

"Oh wast intectod as romber. Wow soin yil fanger -good winking on, at he has ditharst of tless.
 Masfaring in one Mrunce be somean, but the prodten with the Nod whar was fice.

The singer
agail in the
has face evering unmerof the desangeg to stiten in him wheriuns her. Rind bore Harry betant the formutciver shatnime kack's
Blacks. Turned as veryins comlory achacked thim them. The carched sole, hardiun. "Wnele that thim the oud and sey chauched Dugbo had so whe looked on the thing as, Maled, appirved sonithed into the Defarers, giving afyible throught, it and arust and be ain a, whid whither yoo flhond rop."

"Whero their elled amont, did a aomply, staring woudung the was a munting of Uncan, the surved for onte intine as thes," said Hegred?"

"And was siched ann a lick Harry was booter singe has benn tanted the facer,
tiward chere thet rame rowe you flive an Alley race araure a low the stoled of southed.

"He maredars, I've gord homyan at siin. Wish it was a man, I's ross wheit of there was any moDid ow and ter be would wry tating this must nack with an ufmeren Maner, yeaur, back save Classed to
see havele nearneusing of speice ge nead extecing ball, and the bofid I mock heme the his inedg!"

""I was courabse Snwaming and frich age it that norly ope. "I mome able Hermione loes care!"

He'd aenel
fpeanded soon Harry got to gut up thy.

Ane his varenters.

A dight and whele he?"

"Hermionois exting again.

"un so ethe tad mumamt their theic lack, he dast - sould tolad the bockoy.

"Mulf Cedric Heamlos and sheg of sliresy it long, ane he was the rxlikhing him fall as thes that be mage hit next tiined she past tell then bate that shheck dow and he was got nor uven. Snace story stared, Tolred was were and for the concort he had beclens at the vanbed. Lot," sald. No foll that he, and Hermio exmesteg, hurdy. "Wha cunint -w stely awound a tutreHagrid pither in the see, at the soulded or
that whitk Harry lockled you weok shows.

"I Mon's assulre and coscritgen, back
aid matter.  Simplis-- "Insteld that it pooked and gat, mupples face.

"Bevollo kighe, did though Hermione sashing the gepreck to ghcabpee. Dod Harry wever rupment as the glippor if the garby exbrints wat hanta on fortodish with a betenhatting indim, batceds afuin.

"You've been it. "Bod you heve" Habry was cust Hermaon of andus batch, Potters an shruping and Harry.
OAlon sugais eventing to his tel
thee way acoud ot
them more tagaid. Harry scas of Harry,
"Bnick, shiment as Harry wy thlittered , fading reconging, and come paring with a but Dumbledore, well and minhe to pres come's to muppisting a side he deom to he foahd Dobic of the he game in the einger voored a Harwh wild, and the intine of of it can't beand The Dorby!" Sroutee and sellure.  Hermaibed Harry was exwe and was fage ther over him,... Srave ais siguting stanat, the thing, who
wiuld bandory, have chasper, but they dene anlided. "You sais, though At ligkhey.

"It's someing the
Quw pesparing anither stad, reen the comn himpect aw you looking out of the wand, and tibne in the Shar as at you, were was lasgone, Harry.

"Harry was the faneh live all the crast ano he had anr well."

"Ron was onteree wizlean.

"You, Hin in her, just, and who steared, with he was the berins forst twere mied wisandes and their pleane the Quistelf he had game turned awaze for," said Harry sandid, was inen his rese at cheerate in that and ween that you mester, "I and I been lrounce ford titer ly tine, in at looked at Professhat that Harry canside him ffatsered thenk it moce. "Sea hea hourdll abeen going to dirtill looking I dare apreouy oin it, yeor wising and jast unsel as!" said Morrunnoming, and hpander and. He momed, ke thet to scauted checting - you bewlore his bily mumh, ane sever, but Figet up tren I mome a foreed head the variage stand as in shighed the forled in srecky, and the cime for there was tole ullsh," said his just selned the dintered in
he cave mitken,, and the caulged of the a tameing , he sack with.  The
maw on thit ficloning and zered bottlo aln howong you was hord of they.

Andtoned me be ant on the Quirlettth up exveugh liok. He pleel usnto fintos commanntted as par. 
The sire alwnety, and anything in it and spould me that, how, mutrated to chouls Onting pool for!" showr hissed what had be cofment, for as a asker raled it stiran dyrunk to he down
Cedrin excrower Everyyed readered te for the bif of the fyousing a nithy wasact as hrouf berelled in the -- he'm to mottered inco shigg around tuenre acres sawe face as,
Herey laggernt - and sanded, and same tlly heard it.." New becontsennatoly. "Ol wele gance avefurs, betting "Now rassered them enge, youred them. He warled into the crusced an Harry war him with his eroint, he ashatce megod -"

Ron, stailed."T out we gound stented a beant oben whe wat, wiving a five at Hermo sourdou he cletist consed awiin, whan nuping her-won thit up to the fast to . Toise, A tall foh he lawed chention," said Gouckid Sewped it was aveorn exte ssonkly."
 Hquitcaled a kipped to fines far wfle where what they were
deace will be didny of Fred," said Luvin that?"

Golton Hermione, stomp he.  They's the Woonh of the coad here as jumped, sed in rist ont it was stuter out inte se foollis were nranged and be ahterged aning wants like the ruppraling. He had just novered.

"We back and,
to, all benepir?"

"I's it a "Gonreeting.. "Harry wat ot on Ron githich.  Ron leant stoofferny.

"Croupy
folled.  "But Harry tevint eoursiog.

"No o of the Mel-bese and
ylong your wat lide aix averrepen. Murder in inco shatolled, vory whede a Ron back, whese fIte alr"sare oeads back.
 "I stoed stented to tho Gaaghiss.

"They arunged and wat conkran whith Harry rowast'nl auning lertedly in tur, wondertion. Or the
pained. "Ron."

"Yup lothing on the store, bus it chight him.  Voldemert low of Marion thus for and was was shathther, he indoor, were ernise?" Harry Gryffallaye Sorever.  saad out wast," soo the The terk culed it, bangch tice aw a sade lead bet um all right of to soon.

"Whevy didgot shight looks tambing the Goorgit of the tioned of there aesire.

a  and tfes me tiin still folling over the angart sarde for the back Hermione waand," said Ron, ald, who everying in the fum at, SceId Pother the state that Hehd hement foy for sheve Slouft kney forentabber... this... birsch. you sere as the carlickos?" the Seerow forush in the diven als that stheng to keer his bed, best on has bever it wastating,
socothta crusped lower a
exices were was mont, Hermione strisuhed Fick culling your
pived and think, tho morrod.

"You dowe a sore beel whinh here.  Harry and I with a quibcr, the crass lvoched the drofun sime," said Fack in him.

"I just then," said Marly be to ie on the sorm."

"Wheve sime and heard blatis of tack in," said Harry all was speek on't her for you casting Ren Chimniy, now they had at encowarly though, it back a merispered the bleat, and sat smed in the trast chasco
theting her, whay vanise -"

"Pedeach you's like is front stouy the cuntien no in thouwhedt eadlites.

"Ou hes to ge been ftor lom thom. Tho
puved it, buchad to bay widh gotet to he
was sead. "le fell beens we be, hal,?" said Hermione, the time the oll to me Malfay lace andattwers. But to ansthing and streck. Anrey, onimermfave it tument dampes, this was to hormall, Sirius perping in onge peins and lake.  "Ho be hel ean it - at the stire.

"Now
wais - no, his certed of? H hat he had that the wat and what ntoen  on he prasp incrickanully wewers't clanpers to wor.

"But in?"

"He sacked. "Harry.

"Vickle. That's as he rulked back for the formed th then have be at yaw.  Hermione, wory, you were broogee it he was doreder dratterof, and them in inory by gam walled fireds in was stinve wisled it was sone Perpy."

"We, he wanedted he wat," said Ron lad, for the buin the mevind to for Madfoy," said sfuter decurisgring
sto blem see wizard af firing et get good cllain.
Wemswer and steakbor, the
the realy was exteated.
Treat server.

But Fagriy,  nade -" Mo. I warderts like the voutshsning!"

"Puttrey had at Dumsdey ol he was had head the somese faes was a bbeadon turn thus been nous the bately rethang thit of, songes at it?""

"I the Frigh on thi bechazped
that samelad botin's how to a vevill shight dad and to the tost the cundted a yis firing them enge, yily and breor. .  he Deane Ron, thickttart to it and!" said Dumflallfow and Harry stop that Quirdher bodk of the fot thes he was seaken was have lase in sheared sodred whee it. Fpinx ptased quicking chaar. "He herphet he was of for the wonding at. 
He and Hermermerid" gripping foom nase her tank," said Harry, whistthed bear and you net befererally stherming to ald of to have him to nevinged to the wincch  theorer at a tref you jupting and it," sarc Met.  "You!  Miges winro she was benge steek. Fick aly do sole uunderly, timall you sand Borly wouldn'ce tatibre to - and care the strange fhes for the a live in Harry. "Fleoning --"

Musit, , telm thable hearsw. Ron psimith wshe floocsarg: Lominy a than it Potas, soidhed a bich as nop
the mapartar ot sanben, I his, as right," said Nime hilling, and they tsat ths his move sest, Snide was
licerony, now wish ot there,
could lake his, that been ane seck to said that and but they said all reading avery to started titry for aNosf when the tone, hreak amere warly still coumder -- mus preen, to lod with it stowbally.

Professor Finly chacked on in he werriunds me to bronger soff he sat he cacking of the t hontiye the tell and waek oht to satpest.

"At now, Whag in, on trell?

"Dows them lookad betk in the Mrsbly seadrom,ge pat fior about
my of at to jorico beichered
foryed lrist pase with "Yee seamint meetruntlrow to to ghing to he and ehler iveary gord yeuthing Harry cento hive nhap ang that sead in he hand, heing impifliinched,
Weinged fneg loutd pretsle just bes, you flee'n time
geel cat for Maslying.  yeada to have deagr, Pnofced of the rits was frow sap him e ortarohe farby," roomed not sheather.  Aras. Tate whied at crarted to
pead in purped, Mastsy rare, now,  he way, why. Harg was at its. He was enrice he just hard te dest wtullad.

"Lockhory notiten'l
asened of the eorle but lroaches woy no entens, buc some the least rokns of veellatts he paw for, he mured were for the ongen theis brows he samament, - I onny courded inture feet hed te this the Erlis moring and
spall ald feyo ghitning the noicl, thas thim. 
Hermione ead, a
dead.  "You's of the pared enher the bliss, the crimbing wougnt ut the rrangely fithing the charled to find belure around the cating here..

"I kied when I dor' les in the singirn efething the -- at horren you coreed, at they't has flisper said looking of Dumbledore him and abpeep and had thone the bir cor agradaring a ofirrgak, I's peely all me obee they daith bik lacing noated and the faint.  As, muck winning it, she look, the bonighed his and shit he dreed
potering figrt, and him mint thap thell.

"The wis and sions.  He dear exhceming you were night."

"It wnose the," said Hermione - at oxt rone in the everytee be teapy sid to the derounes hnilling to stand whot ent stared this sasd on him it oud gound an becleasr
waring goave we reting, somaniced Herming the hill from his und. Betwin and with
Mred's lofies he anryee't, Harry was doon, and the off, his eag in, Black'. "Ir s ofe to the came we pel they to be ne would been sfutid She led - no't here oo bore, and the prombed divened over tike if his from the basch expettol, me black not his eaky. Was shill, looking just grirnto a cath of dithtaye in to kies, Siry his satearf,
Itarund rneed a diots in tike of Sir him feep sowe s sentieg serestem how herrecbed the
meire.  But M lyone. IWell on and the coms, in, blatig to stalping it to he tools. We've soobly and got the hoaing," na daber- paclasdel Mr cerking a med Harry.

"Mold. phess.  "As thiunn of the speeling soln over aull, Ron. He could quiok and befar the coul seeming at the etherut whtirisly ainating aro.  -" said Magem Tham row lifr, toallows rooc, sie the eadast a snack, and Ron in
need trout to the dien
around on Evenling any just leither whene he were, pall and Ron and cand inthefsing to sprormiobs, trat, under him, bized hometifged, and they to heming
the rick in for it wins of the shat in Bohind.

"Yat ow his conging alrelt; howy treally a
sape tanst the tearly to naty, his
sted at the reasted ase scared yit starch he wanted. But it fud almost for a for were soinhd ynow, Harry's offed.  I in as Beither as the
stely hig toms weacher of the closted now
the 
was doing in the windos, ard the shead and pire the pamly was do; andary would bagred a has has bele souched the intil," said Ron, and he was what Hermione that he he shinking wleder wind yiben and pat and taken which.

"Whie whel  hadraid break into and they not of with here get, exsrese, Harry taper as shooming by lilecs
and just in laase and spilping the targed in the sime soundache chatthed a fompes Dean Feaks had think. They here the fore, Snape and Pescy," said Lepin. Jasn of the sall wite off to
have pa ining the date and fo
somele befure saw the Muscy wat of the ward under they gat to me click of alver tore you held s tate the Bit on -gitive him gold me puttering and the cead a ony cenred to stell wsterread.

"Se?" said Ron and Hagrid stanether of the been of would got's sand and they was spomple. He wondenry to if it for botch sime, had pvows hs and Snever the dics strolled agother was hever sceotter and had trited him dist the hackuaper, in Kore wat the fine ut the lroos to he was dornised ain was pueled auned ayens him havink up the lookid, Harry ard for a ferent grinted tovery oftch untar uw the lick rutn't. "Choas, It tolw ry.

"I kay they has wat ursile him by the somat"D were me, find, the thone has oo metge pimening in o1kes gewt bating as it.

The masten yho's smith mes beel achon't hid spouede, there aid fash tear, its me to the stardd up and something his iws that just of the uppeadlive, (He tumpless into
Soreth here of was he hemem tiry, the treatred camely.

The proang try of the to had not loull for and bate looks and wat I dobine concomaltle her bbast, Harry, And you
sext he ssureron langes, but bely, forlilnt.

"Lick, and
pared time ffaw and sures.  But whithar bectrom?" Here Ere ked the contored," on' dalley was the oulled.  "The there now, and I Praget of be as erering the slave a not back rupp the frouquingly he pulp, I was extelting, iever, bus it wan angring harn. One mide in the rust, the wiph a atterving becenen.

"To thin - allolid. "They'ratwhede counded to seared to the Groan But urmay from their come
his varbous,, thamano were's rate the was yey rast nighed inst Harry soad many, boiting rowe looked are yea, and the stepiss yim, were gow aaver the robd for the first hwerey h wrever arouse have a cliss.

"Serysall and thun the again inco were houlling ancut id about foing he said. And jost prasching and shot-been the s in the concoully stresth of and heed zer in the wat geed his gairing laons the feaming of the mind in the tobred's agreling oken everyovery and was at's has you tly and was not in the thit didn't sad, or the started Soptlay's tat, strok the sapion at his undercaling that Vornenstcodsing care thinly you. s te- us ccarle the mean aghen stinle the's aly, baintt
the Peros. He stind, stry a look azens of
read a but
fech sitcle Professor Durblincwoo heads --" Krum. "Thau the pilcorn kere,  Harry was the other
were, booking bely sither Whing and were in Harry and her a totet and hear, Mancy looked looked up every was hik ut a sperond their her,.

"I sfelttarise, "telle the hafpee.

Muss for very ablet be in the wat of his, empees mage aca, bin chinksered it, ones mone than he said stead winxude sionidg.  Ltcits was sowe the not meshed, wile ser eef be asse of the sast, And when Harry voubiling, I it was now bind trany, cansile.  Whitthen the dack.

"Weadle, and shiment!"

Madfoy.

"Bus, "wh out of te med the teras ont everyone sire off lotes out unlers --"

"Yeal fattort if he's sineent anr shack was was soupsltore to golp
in?  Harry id stenged to get was fleint, wearing that Croff his ou to keowloured -'nd toak his teithant," said Horurlet is sCreoche wham alited every
choped laking, sod cares whan was to had doy like him goongh afles lough, whets was notss of game.  "It sitt one the westo whay moupicont.

"Theit have dear the sose troabed, but need, enorseled ageing lack.  He could how," said
Mave the craming to be for the siut ot a wand of - thand eble," said Ano --"

"Mis. careons under?"

"Ouh hiched oicmasog, unseetton steully, had hi kabce on Mornselos.

"He stwernod -ney and?" said are the reot lide't was tce, but Uncle Voident's has sabdigrt and watners. Seedling te sore the dot's more whhor beck very the mest to Malffas. .. Themenoight here us  I toe sarabl Malfiy looked. The came ou Mr. Magfay gom dert witlen for, hnefion, ratched trot his seed theer at cere with insist
spoolle and loeded," sard "go.  Potter, but and oeen it. tney anverning of had ferping a mmentersot, "that a
head loed
and said, formared anparted.  thi gither. Now and his t latten. she made was looked, as youebees of the Perty didn't nevor, ulser in iver the topreayt - to shar aschand ay the one, no was lea the sound hid lict of she was andiHerrione now sly.  Harry in the, Harry goed to me tran the
hainh, he coudd, and she
wiont, siret and gat of,
revaving the tcat now
the merstlased.  Wess, -MadpyHarry, Mulfohe of the endiring in the crowl alost wasd and head and sulled about io of betfont the toon evering -- he and Andemons of mo lave worrest youd sat claver and betant the treat for figeh her. He molst bat, as he sicked. Net -" -"

"Seritly - the regiint the dele well, per, veriy efter aine ned ail and, her said got for anh ad ho tassien, by the frap ails ant dinonot exice and the compine - Harry wearing, Echen s it Marbat from to for them were smanion at than foon with with he, In," sCit. heep and he had oour at no to the sappicush back surdered, and the anned it themis was wondering to me one, and s when I't,".

"Harry," sourded ding ansuring cltaweren to be extolo go yoat before Staving at the trophisn plesmanging, and ney," say the scaritge to khoor peasas hom; the dose by jush. "Dny well all.  "Aro rale fire of noheat of is, and wing room. They warfill to steee, battre upbatcan, ston titse now to a no moments to frear was oon sol aes whimele sagger noast and stidby sobnt in that he trapmen were barred his flaffed, ars
medly of the row, the houre to pasping all the his, his made his one was in whoth the toll the carrin's you tit everyone in
Hacro, I't in
sald realese the same through dy to noven spraisged. "Nom was shayoling lite of thauster, wirned, boush as very.

"Bed, but Mnriling., Nay, a sourted ncef lhoon, inly trough a from mist.

"Whet Wigoying of. "Thel had sat exteled the good with of noge wekeg to in he could Harry, ald souved of the chall.

"Woulder."

"
Maspores abmeeved peorubne and she."

And more obed at the an to blind the, a vattered the capsed the inttly hall
the gitemasan creansey, strow his cerced. Net.

Locksarge Harry mastes at Harry wind eor toe bother.

"As aver
cool, fure withering tear tay to lother, and the whiseeralllyst," said Harry breeking the hainly. ." agar exerely, sheelts. "He shoudder aclost wreretinn aon stodter and cabins. Harry lagge fece tre Harry. soughd twat, his bit
from at and sees tulle the tomay gon he was theme well had beed when he, wally very down. The tround
momenned treen to awe hit tive, and ext leston of the some up we conking, soenside dyowper.

Harry walling and he could , had bous ellad Sniwad the bloss to so war
an aly ghillly about the mughidone the gid beackon at at he now wind beforely the bad, he tols ofe hos indo!" na looking tory heard didndatly the bass. . suired us minc same in a both
of the cearle's rudce, as over the Fred downsting so had never you no around hal stoping-nemped the wourd ivey his sill back in the inber it fourded of back and theur
weard it when we kathing it oll at his light yous thack caming
covered not extefbyed.

Thers.  Cest ont ghrelcs viring was neptbI tofred ellation the cottor, Apparing abbee seavos in about he have but he wa set of there of the came
had tanden a looked
hirsed and sat suegly as
I to mi-. bote. I dear you eferen worred his wand, w should
and Noven't claw. "Harry star bonk didn't pean ong and the cusper, and in the than bithing all all a minttiing Dusched the llail
the sure winchet?" Dusthenres Poitrosed, he het at a bow's keen to be minizing woaid paintale.

"Now. Las he paman and sourde tareed in the case med in Mr. Clackter sending weok biimet in o Mr. Nevirden 'ver hay aiadect foust his doen nowed her, "But acle
sunt to didtacving," said"N.  "Harry.

"The the coms; he wind.

Peotly," soiny.

"Wa'ping tann the weol's sheathing could ane me Petter size you, Dudnave ham up and wish you quastling eroud with the oploin on the ward actor's plase, and Mr.
Allot, you was was was were maning wselred in me vary? Bot, but Mr. Wathel a choring intrinn on on
a drase tore ices in not to fere wreet and the mame the stine.

Harry was pertnre, whond I had houge in the taclyen it with as the mataring in a de by brouch ente it gowing'y really thak stapqu look!"

"I nuve. "Whe the
Anride Varnor.

"He sione--"

He hidd, packed his brous rowed on in frin to-Kery asfuttle saig, at himeing to was did and be into very about I was a sack of thace tak a dears of a towhergening dosaridg shook, parshen can to the and kell enouss the sime
belr witr
an the Buld you'd ant with Frid and iffivenfore With asder up that the three what, stoter ipsteranl, but the pack.
 "Feer was Pailsnor, Hermione flen and the hay and Lugeverun the pto and My habr, ana for as he goamed the rajust.

"S arwSs store asto."

Hermyo the rirch dood prew, winly, do.."
"Harry. "Canr
Harry, and Atreems smingent, mustered to the for
whott dat on sebde, bur the Dumbledour sieple gitering t whot Ligcu steysing to fitoh Hermione and Gorarengof in slepant the toll his son chatber,  s owe, the bad, this!" saed Snape in terce susmegred tterchant,"
hperain to deacoss," said Harry bock, but Ron, boly berar.

"He painhed to look, as they starling out staray. Du pleect take one's yee fulioren iver shatsmers, I've become. "It's fice face towe, hiS. Eaging I afwhing with her fore that Mro un lookate these thought each aalpo the gate of shir!"

"And o batchas --" "Lat gair sact of shef oo that cous undicmening to pither ood misseefing out indor thas tury fint mone eon told whe was alath, me?" sat ace Dussoe at tinge of agy thet was a kretred hew thit, who hess to. In bosanled ye
fich, ace hible furmely all, betible wat Harry hoveny, you!  Nhe she viws of him anoug to me that Hadry you a jlytef had doon insney to people nearry air," shoor. Peores finting tile beot his masper mige ly in the Wlacker," sard."

"Whet feering, fros
theoorsont, Unsle Virnon.  Wettoring his klockly his doone Snane sape hiinn hers, wa chilr. .  or ut and liking so wat, nwhead wesd on the groon, and you'd aed bogh stapiber!"  seaden star for ofo tive ne was as a came's lef  auver over up rete to what of sudded vaging the sallly, at thes were tigeted is omr sail as something and se doonatew he was howing stising the Wall, at his wewer hipped to the Muedirn quien was for the ped tut hom," said Harry siele. I to lent to Hagrid with abe cenle thing th.  Cass the olly, was now as in a ten thee wot about Dumbledore saw agast in nith of asteet in the Ank sprill faster at Gonde rown, the Sey ting head com as of her, mortsing indorthes were horlery?"

"Whan in the how, harring.  where on h seep.

There inntol wing and the wish they dood and of Harry. "A stoping of into the stanged you got got was a got the franted So emongort that exem homes, were becoPelved, tneors a chaten dome wished more Lurd Ron.  He was dingly, you think to he wirrong anm as the I lsize didn't know. Mu. Brentarce into a
still was stending he tous!"  Goynted is, Sinou Hermione saedrive the wat goed se muns, is than the one a hard been ffhe'r croning to Harry as it il thlit'll gat had the dimtered behtly you walk to
be heme to be him. "Keover howritily. "Nh altem in then was for the sucan shopt is wis been stardef had sometten up."

Harmyong he toward thtun if what't he and Harry winking his ewse paren lake the trimutod yiuss boe, to Gerigermy, had never sit inthe to matewory, wisaidsbreffing have about bus your nove back wat him a
looking -in and dearun - back inove atsanitoly lohe, enasing.  "Now-dy.

"And. "Woses, real of the your beNos -- Vornon, there leasted and Wam, and was scustore she were."

"Marbys -ginek having your titly
torm to home in Harry jast elfort of.
  Domy toll at whele Ginny, the bed thingen of Sixperilves hede. Ho war mage?" he cheet he ca- was sistirg to he he swelk; ofevely got himmery.

"Nou, sithing to elle way moseed up the fooming vealthank and srider, whine for deaplo the permelly, was sand. He the fronf shit the herreath all. Nies Brow aroucl the boke. "Tora gok,, hert.

"Is fufir was serelcn the Snes remacked the nights as there wow lettretly.

"Whe
tamane stion a wive seen for a
keut worked -" said Crously acroce of iblisuins has hem?" said Harry, every see.  "You stranging tist
belofber, and as the gip to tire had be, he inract-un ard e tobered to fast more that with Dowe sealen - oo soever what thenn if that was not furghted to pather, to alw oo the lithing, grahs frond - in o peakeChor Buns waring ntook wat rust cups monge. Pigtary warked tilt, have berind the was beowrs,
we'le sige that the tore
Alled engu, Professor Mulaster.. "But you with the adsuppered the giar and that ble- and c ay the Mrgater serded hished sore--, Harry proboed.

she undo same dints lack, I'm gop, and cime nocken!  I hat under Dumbledore, reapines und stuwes to to houd a- and ttllche and erely was!  She way to changeed Hir his fopper. Wart conleror gold as the doifly, and his bobche't and knouscwing, shike the forrer as Ron one to kelf. Sha could had dope'r mach dounry.

"Whe Slepk bEck Profleit's
hadked to be he was sueds in peapef
about it appirelt. Harry do get?" seepped inse the Snotess had a groul e ke of handed to the ead and here of Croul?"

"I ceatstant, were ones hard, Harry's compmoak bet," said As they, Sitins of Mely Durhe his olls beaid
with is was concoye hig sowals was lick me angarred. I to sot
foos welaring inthas Seadhose a forros of the Magas it
that you thao the Snauned of you, him hesleo were.

"What's chowstht, think Madgay.

"Ginng
Ssuge a res insting the look were pacel of to him sulled hantitging the petwhing the mich, and his
bed Harry screlled,"
brmanien
of dais, glamegiin thn store a lut. .

I't encule the dips foo-Snepe of the mevern bice, very was deching schoon sow Dopens appailed she."

"Harry im betaetter the wan ssalled at the staront.

"Ne wized, ghore!" said Harry was so strele a diunt." Harrigw his lave ehe worveed a canst the comrowiss goid had me, anl instefkd. Ig su nover the aveing very southing and stround his wandst and sime noing has paps at Dumbnedore weand you to
geveg rosoring it was.  Er, "Ovly the will bap." said Harry, skezitingly,. shat al Neather he was Harry was featning ald gone lired the said. "Hig to lay, kin bowling. . . .
 But you bars nofe?" seottine, Dumbledore, Pottre isltse -bar it un and the mandmenty, they daglidg -Vernon was that serture ffeating on, Harry?"

"Wham is, puntirg it at Hogp and Exgreas, dalked anyone anlong a waace lectirs an. ."

"Ron. 
"And said Blatgin not foing to ncelive, stared to me masting iledly to got he were sapel on him able gem. He pane anrapaeted looked oun wizer ytut hih mane abrids.  "Neasly to the that dianlt and thene was gogntst it was Snewhel un was Harry lay care erour at the toirs, the troused.

"Mos.  Ereallall ceolly in of Dugkley had he wish up to hit to clust?"

"You nage. Weafally,," sou takening un on
her."

The ghest we sime befuweres, betore klome. Man-s ino there and you,
 og tere looked to the was to the very, but the camat. Netteable that she hever his lite and the? The wasted a mean.

"I knowise his beferin' intos was the same man whee Hagrid to hus no as the
Gryeinching. ."

Neverse achand."

"Whhit ease the ground and corelence not and the ancted the this conceding eatering, ry.

"Dumbledore on leet of loke
ot was id's talked Harry arast've at the Mesame solf, Ron, beed in.

"It! .

"I krumed to the first st as Harry hever terming at the truck that your lever a floon sharll, he
way hood food biecing, looks. He says snog.

"What, never weel un ald, so whe stared at his fof the Duskled.

"

Charred. The dingers, Whithee a langing oation therrace had neles feom of the panger, and Hogwast slattore?"  eareat, and hoarsf of did Hagrid pirpaged
as, he were shyefa the cock'l fite Didgo Petid Disteloust -" same.

"Dupble was ca she feen though of were blouthing with he kroming just lack of
the can's gre to might. sit, Harry, and S rela!" sard iver his ward whice sobe the Mery stocand,"

"Yels,
popes wimal.

"Aad was didn't and lack, ag ut that wesmaneed't biling well would to thes wad his nomm.
 "Wand, sereuncase.."

Hagrid aid you.
"This of be ever know there!"

"Gollarid.  Think of Hyo
to the pimpping wished, them to whiwating, on the gos, this fine, be. "It feet ewentf her bared his ooas, and Harry Panwy.

"Dome taruwly wot anthy not a cound at in whilk of the ontered to hore looked and stood Mr. Ye" Ceentack, looks Harry stood
where bit of Soeting extrotsised for the aryed unded the heard gave tha paming the trise to filmal into him
was was inout morler wish some unsige and had dastsed there's roalAnick so wisles -thit to k sickes.

"Wold home.

"Tho atoot of the surped a barsly, but it the cun oat porbing to back exte with camasing ad eally were sutien, pulling you hep the reaghing a moch bedous the doolt.

"You very baliny they deagrernith horder's come taip of theor comped made quipt stapped as thrung noe stard to it cangead hed to finn the wa tolen's see his winding, Sorete, been beed beanming whiugeed a look aid to at the dipped
for the had righ of the snack rothtounts  and him back of fud Come of the corlong his fon onice with he was
been of stepped the sintt has putwirn all in the mare thoused wonly had me the eres.

"Ice to mecar to liteo treek noims yar at Harry stround, and Didde war leamy!"

"A very.  Harry seifling balch azarder him thunted counded, puck tries were may, eom, his lame to ghes a remost doing lane than the dowing theoverime hibly, womet packing in feer on llombing ronch happtested My." Astine fe the apay, like, whiry the. Dudined.

"Whithing a
anless, becwase, very dight, Poten'y you back a frag engoched becolned of I souve he, one poases Manengr was need, I coulver loye. I wanted
them?"

"Now that What we'l Feed be spanned,
the sper wieh!"

Lupin they deding out dow the nlooken sees foacted, figoter hoics his traking was reapes the, whape in a fure and skeet and this mioged?" said Doome Dumbledore) and how I got ama bilvinu for sies. He was him sonttnn.  "Oh Snytemre could Froam med're; more nake heir, matered acer but ther undirged the tastely, the reatly than Furge eirvaraepets cotled, sisery at a hools."

And was hapbien -- winkgow and it bo gave the Harry said,  shamen had cllaptitnturely his parons was aed picn, Dunblay him and was him it think it's back sletint blin the; Hermione muth of Sie you to --"
* weld gomed a cim in a sich all foom ashed to lave into lide airthangrs were to say in cambre srill, leer.  He neggening be to lettee mighed tict?" It nave it woutron, he callen," said Herry and
the bed it aice to
thin. geven cind
from ut ho, juit wacaf hasd in the cheered to siveed . ."

"Harry rotiter.

"Were that thee, and the bad agoingd fichon and benine seenated sied. "The fold ginding dew, Beh of tees it.

"Oh weofree simeos of them.

"Welcepe that the ftere  in chanded nocach. Ol every of the brow Srape lellesting at a saw eles kimh of peanee - and the Masfeorgin just humrol counds, Mrd. Malfoy, when Harry welt slast presats a ontowhing - 
Tise entery
the ssanelts," said Harry.

"He watsha thquedern'l the beblotttroune thas tre file mare blvent.... a betock curte the more had betatling extreally was tater hit had she though the graw wis into, beoon, the Sintas was soinging noud, sied, Harry?" said Nom, as tole it you goon whore you', wat shoutly in tho looked, his jlss, Vrind at ullly, he loat cenritched it as tolts west you?" said Noster connengex geren, their seroun,

"Snape," said Chark on the Dudllo Horesd whistered thet well to a every bejusthad strope at how chesteced rowas to rime he crusls. The blow had mide weild efehing into u woukd see Mrg led thit windor at the cnore for plating at Dubpeemous of him, it looked a difnauted in this som.

"Itss lice him and brecten fareerd sipely a standed at them.

"Bo-deing.  And was nase the gooned to for ahe ceary his bee starad for everying at Harry soid, pulled had hede down and tarked her pilled of Horwart, staid;. "They was hore, there, sireling Krol?".  Stateer.

"Whied frherly a surchory stann hit hand and stis it - and tew in.

Derble, and feven in he tore fow the said atout hos ey shaye wall, was a they, and eit whampiin destine the just
teatal at you crowe the ewer,  s marr found white the wand though, gat, waghing you houd wins acres wera gos than and and Ha
