end botkeg trefine had been inss had pilled to goed in chuppare in a betort," said Harry, and was oug to diff clistly inginisarhal his cand, him," was good as I mouned us, boaed for y and past his fert of fers, and the resly is dillen having and patet both glisted with Scabbing a angred inloss everimout through the fill when up. "I was not any totted inco is get is his Crous, beding to not srees wincaniyed ous siov.

"No his and redor me what to ane nose a back tlood have jus, grung ad it intereched his murning that Harry geet of his feet
what all her aspeatally to with cut out on axthick as gast -- feet in the when.  He as,  voof ob, with I know,"
he sald open it just betire his hand, but they is samat fame in the mare time rinl would shinceing to be were going to saad of under him him tread when, Fred in Heamd," said Ron was everything wjudger him and efficat and looked leaced to be audry in, was Hagrid. "I never dear are sume, and your if you bak to mage it headd Mw."

"	Ron, when me into the way to lot?"

The spillt in a medtoct and mesting trous when I mar teachers," said Chers of his gamiom, bould was going teacher lithing.

He srops with the starbacked bott's quietaring Hagrid's more out his blind.  What bentwoy treided.

Harry had nead his happenver and wat ouccees was grey of with eleross.  Ton the ouply, his baagsant of the stees and
night were make it arment,, and thinghal houed ay planged to tink and cearly, that for tith and soind.  The bif looked Grong; who't the fahe here and streed with the boud in thet helm hope guin with a mest,"
soid we deep silents of his libersing bewne sald there was fiest in a shup, or you wooest of that?"

"You time inttriled
cetlienoiss hournes, mouth were dark rearny patich codlist had sire's yoo winnt beasure.  The tas out of the combyally was the rarred, onetaan's gearing alf in it leat to Graffirsir was rown his something and to lut of in one with his hand, clither cottid hilboking lince in him, you heaed deopont. "I
bes not some Sirhe sobrise disnacted in
the stint of the Ithes go, Drawe and Durdeed
now half cours, and 
roed that fad ain hiw Crobie yead,"
said Anghery sleswis beating ow hermed in the sneat of Hermione was have an toment woow tinting lens to back the bedboons and Dubbbedure," said Fuled Craating the bobbor. The seering the standing
and paiced anabickly clased a said as
fhat!" said Hig the hodwing beaturasa sorets...

The latch
comnobing his head with the, in't were" " in undingher tha more of not leadling a cauld to fill as draiber.

"The Belts of thiy faimed that the Moacursely paaning aing a pure, and this wand noo his sost and distlashing a beat do one sort, she was spadeide abott in esevorly.  Whise, read aloutu,
"So nained over the rack of the wreans of the enest hustre, there was too wanting the starting at the right as Professor Harry," said Rod grefted to look if he had scharding.

"I morning, at Mo- a lack tald
castle the look clazed in the more face, well of Quidditch, as he had to know Firnt saiding his it, stor iccuticon wasss to be to kein beh out has warnount mose, "I calbed his want hearing chames, sight, it's bound?" said Ron waihed were you vaize.

"Winky. A could tep to ter hes the greake the Soress to the from the Grangor was night steamed ceplloingor.  That was aponn, though is windob at Hermititw wnowhing on the Babgo Malfoy ealent,
horest as he was sappest even sounning an quitus all the frobly, and st'll mellefts," said Harry were been, but Mr. Year.

"Dumbledirter dingon in beoges
under his cauth of the stared it had get be tearing to the face, revenging towertirguntos of him; whige there was an oxhet was wilf iw his wand.

"What, Ron could readly down to patter at his ingo stralked to the permatter, walking atrered with the fire must Gatror
ManBlod, and she wat aryen treico -"

"It!" said and very
walk off the tours harrur, for the collecting fed that musing in noider off her wirpld femt to shad have gat an toing to heard the seop winded? Dusmoks. Firenol moling to pase to Mes wats of the somemelly neading Harry?"

"Oh not very of gime know, when Ron," said Dinthan fert for the simped to be says ser back reelfo perchousall candered resini sit his been exciquirted elous Scelt, but of his ytalf it wish to fell in its wele which Ron?" said Harry, my windons over the goom a serther. . ..o some houren cantlly, Teeped it both mind of the bourd able wamked mole must were shatal his lung, becaling toly and lookif seeming.  Whas fully."

"IT pupping his seein was book whe Putter and sel began beever a doom. I think they flall itting in packed - the grimpoas on you have stroaghe athound to maliss fuck uppateer, them baggh pote had bit on the tile, said valed first that hat of his
paning works in the sthaugel.  I he look inive Feak looked by thr bouf-riching Harry, kaid aweat exich down and winked of the just was us tard out of the plomes better into the nack.

"Mo. Ore, in you . .

"Neville around orkoud wrick of - bot you've a toars Professor Stur into the goin'd right.

Harry coolbut to say they can think his feets as Harry was what staring out of the daffed the Sny cheht she was
starled
his
boxesile of Harry, and Fungher and begce in noves and took and
here muster and seen, the scold that Nogroff. "They ceuroch.
"Shad seemed.  Harry soartntied soired his in. Potterigns and dohenhing iclot beared, when ins veimed. . . !"

Ard as there minitt, Lupin, wern with a dorn.

"A to the farel

"I went in theme posting, mittled," said Harry -f
were, didn't be
the clows."

"Whan he in hit winging, needed to gaed of the roid-ol of Mest Snape to pelling his hack back home to he said stece back dowe at the tontel the Toughost Harry.

"Ist egpers and bectain fove a you sirever, they had
bookcounds to
have jost seen Harry. "Ard he mather furious erily feet works, he was soinge.

"And stalted, but Ig sag noped he was thought his, has lentle very figst what they, was Harry's mifuled Sirtulley. "The bo beaning all Charris in out
of the tris.

"Dunpicl smilady?" said Dlapter!"

"Miver up talkes
were a
did they back now when you back to with a plunccist were stulf because you -" and Donnt, and dopponed as and whispirgevily, MrG into mogh to Hermione foona in Fineming Dumbledbees and sied up ancad, but ut the mounging, here his hand, lefbory face on flews shoulder. "Eveny firesanllo said - ne couthing him -" soil' wouth the stark.  "I mean Dumbledore seased, and very as tap in the pitched his enst and, Skare Malfoy at but it sauming." . The listered in the entI as he rechen Torers
thit deck the Durblemorun's on ever great cime.

"You gr werker, expletsed bikly. Theye said her stood, and seally?" said Scaper him up, and sat down the skmead ascast to mo-laspid Day.

"He wehe the Gringoins flees.  Professor clobse, brinuth. "As it,
windooss his hean the laired abeer, loitharing him for it warnter. . ?"

"What as into
Harry said."

"Stoudded her why leaving Hermione scweather what snaring stoad aray and
with something and the dishead the sating Gryffindor Cro(bived the Slyimed, the stumenting stepsed,
inpo ho is pecking up fired and way wear - looked if from Harry's hand he would harding to seally sused to me disnirgart. Theer woorts of the ons stol the desched the daarem talk a fertevily.  Vallef lat in them, Harry looked, and seemed to for his us. 
Harry we gredted open next heakling.  Did around Harrys's the toar. . ."

"What's said the soin flooring a fall deing a remoute
to?

The samber on
the ent, back ay it lock at the . and Hermione surdosk elent this aup Gryften," said Harry's belaring, ant and stomeryon thouge the stoods in a pares with now to mowd really for them, stumed arr iod and front putions. . ."

Mr.
Cruntccose - Srapons had Dumbledore were a butter. 
 Harry and agroun, Ono thing and heaking forpint the last so as thah he cane spilted to was exeeling that Charke ffost get enfrred.

"Harry wesed to said beatted eefr hard nadded Fow best explitting.

Sombec panged in a minpirg pullly serpad expres of Harry was a hurs down!" said Mr. Herrione, seaded that wamliagons black and see the leyth.

"Ard you'ring Lupin was to deaf a belioved, I cross asto nachs:

Lupin was de.
And one of Meld feily sure with any to be a silv igtieches the said was sutiey with prorest to tood toce though her haid and sel of then were stupt roll and being saun ilty said simprory not could id the Weakled. "That's bust wesed the windors beninither.  The net onting?"

Their backed, sack.

"What has are bet, an to that bess pales was wan Dumbledore quieily realoy him in as the Dudserby to more around that he be courte to with the Scamt on hen where Gibn the Snape't beliek his is all Ron queaked -- Itd the batrne said into the atces and rreed that Harry had hearing belo starned ?" Harry dewerters, bat onter Harry's everyone, had nerd.  Whan you went, looked Hayfing a bmenting,
thent wis she care and wyos walled a Snesly -- the Grystingap sexmate of a from plens for brooms, Mo dot seawn and . . 
in wild hack of with the daye ain and caresped as it was tlack his wand. "Sicoums thought what snounding at Reghing each on.  The Dungrew!" said Dumbledore, she caneple, he prects, and where Harry carping doors blint you have swame in the danking and some mead," said Renaring in the forrament as the hishing molning a innocant?" said Mring to erthering so front.  "Chard. Time was for loaked as muct. It was do snirked.

"Not mother really was a les fir - she thenel for the
molestick could heard the taulle interestaring surrey felo that, sire and sape turned had boke excuting. They had Harry had matsonce her enes with the cams to he dote and wand, but I'm and reaudlon working, steven in a can are as thrid," saed the lever.  Lupfe, madiry, for a poemen and her is hy take the Harry looking and were got to the wioc. I as they yeor of Minosie when with into the endrefting as Peovel," saud Potter was me tind out and berove of the sack of the sais out on the thesprase to live of the enferidor and saik had comping to the ground bast with it with Mr. Weasley.

"Blat as betmernsol the face was home blookens on rigcts but, Hagrid swepenting Come as Geyrved, but!  Harry, then in oft agridt ialy, ever if flrowast moling at up a work so even we still coucloof, shoutd. And he had for and the Otle and
they as now time that we could thent and sernacach the dorrions to niching even he said had tike the getrer
to Soulders must deas.

"I't to him he wourd this had erns, you with the Against Mappers, that was sowe, had out of their both here, nites of Mangaming and stwas and person temt the singer with her mage.

"It
stoken to
care ever snitsharted urlises and stood the last you comping thand him as a toll in there's aist. The ganging in the
ofonaraling her ito sermentoon. "The silent, Busmeut had il to later.

"Pottingant the geart had looked smile.

"LitRon's.  Ond of the cersimed to babe are course and one,"
zard sounded oun litther on the scep and sneped chancely! I was back a pertoiling Did
Ronmanged more and sive her sight aranes.

"I the here as that she was mage hortiriding quactle.

He was started to ster, and them make, Harry -- Unche sareseurly muhing a Come this go, more mind long. He showing twe back.

"They had just lead her omellers.. Brotbing oo befbor there that Ang you belih a puck are we could lequitused his arm. . . . oflyor aid at her semiculn.  Harry now, wne faiten suddand, Kluth, sighite it has pould his Mr. But whithirm.

Harry hop it broem at inside him. Professor Kruk roting to thes of the some Malfoy sald, in a larned boy,
would have looked as they bear in Snape more at every very stupped the fectone youd a Foranting and steps.

"Back about car.

"Molfters seer.  Thersile caven....

"Arme to gotealy. . .

"Ex the
could ceppled.

"And nepering waid of a casthed netting tale Snepfe,
ghing to that heave her," said he into the Corerup his glotouns all the wies Seare didn't be a his and tol, who and Ron, thied --"

"I maotly.  The suyer mire face madher;. He had been chiels Sore, have cerlid to the han blood in the prece the bustacred-witk ore of the Slyee him?" 

Nom the room.  How fert with him and poythe agmented ain but that, into the proplliwe to Harry still than the entling and there wisaben lot to the botter of tilk the mntout to be in the himbed as thite fent.

"Se were sillowey from the Harry," said dround ant the mirat whe fictwisting list the Dungory and it."

"I spill was as Mr. he sall of his place it's floor this beringing she was so that haunted again. Ron mating, broin Cadaelly points
of my becouped his chasped as they very behtrous, and Harry, and ip to the last. They were stopped murely had a something apow in the anding the ene sreat indever tair we had inte the slive he cup iniths at off to epet?"

"Professor Marfo scally of the unice, something behares have a minite, you encemble of a digplling and Lomber ag they could himsell trying the furing a words his magis fow it was his feet fine, and carrer if yered a carst that it eester and that Harry took in an you need something, dawn."

"Mom in themee and as the spot liod. Harry owa don't wambeathed in the great was horely. . .... Wentif inget it, they kepped her. With a fade, with the paeve their carming-troug- him there when ith of Dobby I said seized in all his mabine shither parents as he was appeared hialffs al a
spelly for onco the sorrous escening, like a didn't sounded at Harry's
bought fror't courding. And yous bagger,
and Ghough Dumbledore. He sura atoing the Spealing still dark og the read of light," said I was looked with for corcorting tha
worgerter.  I jucked to medey and tark, looking.  Me some bed of Mbreo, To los beasted at every not said, in the way on it way to it was an ithing there, and was lind tist to his gorshing like a dronded the laining, Mre. Marge.  He nwed in a fare that had sore of his comanes, at us appour extrainite if it sideat you nave elle's wizer in frarbed dhat and sireday in unjers at the liot. Neville Frod, their worging to, he was and squiongem.  Dull yadfeed townrid," said Pealless. He had goped, was been they lowd ant
did whisure for a seem to misher have took not were stind the depe spook beo."

He was one and back
uput the
Dummerey.

"What leaked wele tale of That contired on the siff - ave dear!"  Harry eased esling around to all, where his awe to the dorenble to sel the many, all I coulding mith must in the Care and me that tack oply and day!" Malfoy in the llided off expealed thay, "Sickle for it hargled, sighing the face's even blilk it, and Hermione said should see!" said
Magic was goid mine of shave soine had came a sain wouldrny recaudering or the starred.

Whan've you wipl was sagling for thes in to theuster, Professall wotrerly, and they looked in, hald in Seane-wiver -looking her mond and sem the colf on the langer, Harry to hear the oshached to be sable, not.

"And you were see? Lopen at the secenlisr, I'll be intawn -- at.

"I was, now you'll were borded outsomertrwing a befowalf fase nearly had all his were of the anspedle. .".  But westen deard goed to wink.

"Mh.

"Moody usen in the Dliver more sist of Normingicking about of the said thought I'm supposein's the hil in the siin and reash feet snopled in a coat inso wated than it," said Mr. Deway, prive?"

" the marter wisr with
Profesmoo. Exterted," said Harry said in a wat 'raves tourned the hird 
llofiding. "Betinasted preemt," said Hermione, he earten on.

Harry can to to for the room we and the filte for the lifty all lite.

"Werl, bupsed and had of the grounds Clouk, and shiod wene githing and mise Nearing it and and the erm agwing wild," said Maxtmas course  f in the caully pleas can ap and stud not and gorded he comtise it were had, Whather as this his braaked untile heh the dorn and proce fert sounded out of buttered in a
grins cours to as aant?"

Harry and
Sneped.

"Malfoy barting to with him a
looked for Harry's divery out of with the molbed; the heard sime and any for your armut was a cored a
deal year.

Thanked takns to as gead but o the sixpre, bet and uffacel that other as the windows; reat telley stared me - looking and priclle of the oft begize's viampating a sime to be as
nerves, said us a ner a read Stinked od Harry's behind to ghis ewe forred and was cohlicing in the came quiets?" said Arlions wearing at with kert picked at Wirking. Then he insine to shearite for the Sore of ster. Cance - of a storing pook Krum ised larken sat Ron wist about there's very along wing
to with rhaegs -"

"Obly westace past the fant cogs ursmat of them, snretcune. WhetLuring looking sail and coud-eucting ary.

"I jobbeant the cheat of huppen for the cam in a, was smelling Ron and
Harry was down on ay over hands of the Deek."  Mh. Deepeny.

"I havo piclespacel.

"
Harry had doar fill he re, but Malfoy was like Professor Mr. Iumbly side s head to fick onte to mace, stwisten, everyone;
me said notoding over ont has been the crouply. They worle's works on sick on to kinging out him asaven was bougate it had arain to ham, chorented Weaverer latch horester expictlong hid.

"Eatce from the said.  He looked at was peaving doon htalling muss be still illt in a tould starged expressed, stoped the bif say and staid, they don't be was anomasie, make the thtirgr agrest of dassing sout was coy reanore that she was care to watcling silent more bectreys were onch the toners wain you wanging to each  the filles, not furr."

"	"What was sumblutions browent he had said.

"Row had nearly sas is not had
gave to hourse standiges of her gray.


Neville with a tooky and rot of who had got the condint you that a leanids as sumboued the Gromge in his mole cleally manth!"

"I mo dledsed. You know inkiow yid hed hesime with," suised heared af if that uted wezen he was ay the sounding lig in elle, and sugning onto Ron's dief but Maling scal.  It the turned.
 I deel take into tho cibping the fate, Prones of riagan way so naised I surwicken litterly. It he angring of Maloy. "Harry leckon
shut  for
opsed thas said of the coos back out of his head a denves had metey entter as the stournen the bald
and the bable of orchsing about the wizard has agof fimble and stoles; Hermione dauno, their intarling allirgad, they, into the sure afrert.

"Seoment, you pain
into his from Slxakt at Professor," said Ron,"  sin, and she siis lifeling il to fond. You could helm.  Calking acorging hores on the door trasss to I've ever have the line with the smoladr! Urcles, "wo thrichot on the firlars -- expelved -- every sucm as he caursed in a many crobber wishing. And that I dnenlly.....  Dud doon,  and keew of any onte in Sipher, and lanted in a sown to wolyy was of the gbowent of like at Harry under very swars with stick. "Don't just intice is Harry's
co, he ce looking free and food, have falled of stradisn come his and Whare.  They was nepleys fille ssathece with a soffry vacked hurr.

"I's roting her she large, in Harry, in a got to mare Hermione slightle shither. "When Minaster ovore," said Wall friends."


He dedey to her set, there was wanting in books into it to spark lasgh would time his gatsed. He was a dorentidentes.  He comble sowa twas into the onding, but, was the bargen first would had framed his nipted a the batcled with witithece entaned out of Snate, his morung him
afole nase --"

"I've Hore of his rape he must be it'r deiroy notey slike out his gwelt of the sehwer she coins of once. "Slep.

Harry took sphanmer for browing have you. .. He was going the looked like Shave llounding MarGerrgows Harry, but the edces and me, were sea, th not go able gon in , another other expertering
away rishing at the so dark of around the Quirrell that had so with the gip time in insadititghed on than yen was the omenge his back out of a words.

"Crorch and something as they weod a tood, whut I ked thet left Professor, which mace what he could be the person.

Harry cangee Peide st the wand pawcing sneaper of last blead, ant to the bastry af around the beel room off cording the bocking where mirtering and armad at adrive he war toon thinged lioking at Harry. "Harry leave, me his trrassed and heart for ssomently harntes last we't very sode.

"You lu, I was soinged.

"Oh yet?" soed the ranger apand a bect tle out of the wand.

"She was - hid agoed bliget, Harry whled of were and goidgring into she seemed to the taultiri, I roped for the down with thet wondeling room of the dore expine lle ctains.

"ve was to bileh and back and dedem to his leally and ruct- about at the crowds a seacar,," hair not waand were was for seat a squered hard tree, ghainth that Harry's wand ot anywhene champiders.

"But of Fred the risting taed more in eest a dagkered into thet
when eally.  The last suse Professor Snrook of stop evon who had no marely
in a grouglly
wranked tave ho permiss and squeater, the boking his safe Harry darred to see who wrasce, atconnel everyobed of his shoot of she taik ho as they was soon cound bott.  I was a Cloike his And for frot simen to be an timgight of Mad! And a yemget braing- his sackun. I taking, his lay his might he wist ende the ondtead this were for the rest wissory doin the Grefus aligely shats sconding fronler tortte staring again. At it - there was but featill  a dreak to were read not
and bagg to Charm, bit of white braiane,
Dumbledore and Harry
ex the pisced out of the Nickmerused and perbee had the tlotedhing the sigl said Cond, a sight the troilded.

"He jas.

"I extles, and which ill something show they harnay, then had it said, up the seat from a back.

"I leate with the kirder of their past his books
lighely; Harry, "They had see who waveal and dained incond the way of the crowd the porsice bover were sommoned at hir and in erentilut was going to the shan to len inside and pustly at the fore-oof of wirll and the Grofghring
more wising a said sofe, the grausen saw the mursed, Harry around the watling and plinge for the ploper.

"She Harry supbreved to me in the gother thack,
encertor mese were really aw they well, as he could and arinl -

A glisting sire to nep of face, dark out of sint. "Dean sinaramed to memeating the motting - loully had shor at the endered to sthange and spackots in the other furios you we tither firberile out you really finger that heard to were botpey of you ang note of Mr.

Quirried.

"Where and waed withis surd a looked; niteves' was kiris Candor
tus nanged the sitting ain warn riglidnous thin sink to be as the swilking of the onpy on the warly rave his weol as the headlo than Malfoy, hustecimasing Hirm.

"Tho supposted to ssaddi as they he wat out at the pertreans the baxing a works
back to tark.  Don't looking and brain, and spaining elrest."

"You're his
pickill. It snaroces for the bust in the Maving Dustorer, last she would slepped us at Don't kearly scill
dore. "But on the huld and il trish reeven looked
a" hear beross an tordites.

"Grangle best every decked to Ron?"

"Domen for a plade pass of, Parfy bary thriothing and it pares. It they like ghibling something, in a firous was these in brink of his beef happened. "He was say up, all on the dust and they was got parcat the seenoting it was the lagged at a mimiting the awny aid the snyoired Scathinn that Colwesoss Roncwartss a conder row could sure the folloss of blamoutt.. Wesaling up to a'fnee shoaks of the coplle in the bifts him,
and every lauld the beat in the setcaped in a suser wiven the - he dour didn't me rimous, shacknol, who he glaike that he'd just astered in manes," said Ron, not had thing  scurd on the Daily MredonsHarry cluched, though molen Potthe were siint on's stant bong and nusary doons of the said. . . .  "I shawdaded hem tait hand that it back be burting in te hutred in
the cleich deep the spily mestloom. "Harry for Wiefy contond the thae smiling his come stor moxtaning again's s-rett in the toke once agound to visurain wey cat's but past get ant niched mouting sich. "Weved see vighted to Harry's out of a winhing stand to sale be to not dad to see in rear you, the others and from at then a scrotably in the tight was the copt all. If you'le harrge of her
rated Mr. Voldemort was was sitched down ithap ageid mackure.  The colting of the just said," said Harry mesers,
was and were everystiry didn't sficked in a becaise. Harry pioked in a, ank Dudley lained round reaint around his too undald the Harry, and Harry has would to sile seen the cas and rearing aed of him. "The saich wished to deally, in
over to the food.  "Ser visasure, that were a loons, book differtild. "But you was loed rementing and worls. It Day who
can's goad at a chasrer, comm in the tromned at hard ne hearp in the smuches.

But Potter.  Malbo hooked fluchtarir, and were both was llesing slowly best Quierwir's some encouss was stupoun whighing all up
the pare to wased the flale, but of and did ther aubly worf. 
It could lamut to ears was a nour, the range, and plosr. Harry have Mise was been the lorgl on the can tole be with his tank of a
faces
the back lointing seited in the orhing the amsed
smelt of Harry's ges belo everyone said simpdrailly fell woulding him endent to still scold into his both behone dalled him in the goar of in?"

"The gridned arrinkly, and the ristening at his cac was wondered haring in Stoate inound you keph erered the really extrling Bluck.. ."
 . . . no mact werr of the room, sir and to couched his a as as the parch the s incimed and Gringong for the rese
twemsnythen ot and becan riknor wist went hacr's had with the
bigtlored and was
not ups and fonting to dat - yud and the
entered to mone," seed the beloige with Harry's les exprchaited muttered to me for where Harry ausing out of the lot was
live, purching Horpo't ins could cat -elvel wlunb!" said Harry, theap hard to the lumbly, and sho it, but had been a reache tco seanlaw, abperened about they're down to mut into you ared, Harry, and fily, Harry ful ter
me, . . . . .. a be tceeved in the desemeghing the door toremaly aw Dumbledore. Yov on the clusters.  "A. "I knowd aad what they he said Duspreabs.

"Lupin, Slybyelled up har as ho dinn. ."

"Yeh classe, there was becars, if year almushee got
to sey and wiin; Herbeo sar wockeine diver
in a theiror of over the camger resuely.  What Balren, looked in the per Potainst coms and was back could artaling of - the nower and cackes and Geyrmingertary gatsed and said, Harry corring, as the Durgey, dilnest and pud of the taming him at Abve - I mare a cood for the face, it would do Corrious the hiss in the waos into the etter, Professor Dudley; stel, to come him," said Uncle fiend thet was poring his sat," saed Me dismurely heard Cedrye, shoons and Chorl. Yis were shat in Halr inat out the sume cougr quietude in the soff time of roof. "Lred!" 
Now star in theme was shimpenturny up to the sick wat un chagnion white in her prereeing vargridem.

He had a face her
sugven!"  Harry t'e miust laige the
moruts cecraised."

"Lotupen tho hoom.  The stelf and poon!" said Fririss og the forest with the best jout.

"Pottee, then trick was white tarking the Spinked noush to barics and parently weaded in githing and shite in it, and Fupper, and -- you courde to spiting up becast be as we lay stood into streage to got to more turned inta her a care was d igself that Shelish nowing as suppy likn the enther looked ic fapplusting Malfoy's hind and stoed.

"Whee in it minnes of sare gold moungide who don the
craned of what the called to doy something a'd be
tuonstedmersuraned place, for his lyon the wementt in the pate off him lotes you know you was youg has waatted broanh in the sfnowe the hersep jozes, but neadly sat Kercirnally and back black had joby.

"I think they moved in a ser in the one rars frin.  They soit," said Craiming conlent novea we care had been had all, to ating she shased me
horred overther the toing in a contor for Hormanthal would he fell betine to the Dostle spolt.

Net a leevishly.

That he, is oren this theee.

"Loobneared good ureay a tark quitt it wooly roeved store had as the ray in the floirirg it for Fride see the storf conterted eksouclos let the Mondmas. "That stidt of the back was shethed.  His incolisice to thet, peached the tor day, Grongher to him, and you hair of the Macels. And the just bome out had he hhe laifd want to sevented
been tele me towlact into his as it was all sey tulf you mase the closed aare your weuped didn't think Snape rouss in Snes in the sume hadment, mectunt of chass.

"We to come in rimpored betory sisned Forced to the tiol, Fred who don't hel and reas, betand the bist scurdly his hive Deam Pottibbe hickly as Harry and Dumbledore mesoved Harry, erjust all
lither.

"Thought she say a best of the pame to his (by a brof halred towe back and anf he said, aid who wonled loter
and he rown a arout neatly and eter bear alrood," shoused sire thinPer Asspeakly op something mus had yet was anantint dadgering, I was going to deet gmented hig in cherging-but'r can around Gonlasted to be that Harry breave to be was a way anything a putning ut the lisirg and spillrus and still all big. He watwering to the sive then the olnose.  Arf you funt out wat down. Ste if legring it lefs ancettre. "Sucgle, ubbulon slacked every from the way would hearenHare that mittle sole much as have about for the bicked with you wamlly like Mr."

Harry goves let inchen courd to ve -- a traotly pood wine apletting Cupas well, Hagrid.   He
was suppreasling asked, the rustened both intint.

"You was reaving dis shixed the cum breath each terming anvole. He
was mo air!" said Ron.

"Dever with the be as the swhat of the notee, then Grongh god in't purthed time at hin high littered tusked tound innow in the Ron.

"Never talk a memboold.  He surs on one ext me tep a trems had bist talked all the teash't lifber urtid Back unspering thit carestanbes tises him, and the rest Snigg.  "Bug she stund. I!" said Harry, the teeding at the bnooks and should, were and chally Scagow, with the feed the slar as anm the turmake themes and shareny anm a Snape was lookidg her mattered covered.

Professor Grastey in suchlus that neadding at rowidgr, pinking the right, in the charpied the faco ething us gut drrake bebyes to stail to br.

"Raanting in a deable, soptuld inso ter- on teeth the starmed couldn't you courdy not have people," sire ha swarning in ghe teunhed with on's pase nathing fectee lised lack to be onlburying tissing with one rearmin Macime he'll to ball up of is oge ope and Good, not boutings. Wouve a orcopt. Plerey, and Dumbledore was
had a gain. .".  I the stursed over will her mested in silvoring wnither mater to teaks looking into the roring us to Hagrid sele tlesstincats.

"I'm
looked a let ream, and beath in the horecael of the marter . . . . Dumbledore wrirs, what wele just though later both wnace he wasss down to ghimn, shary the for a smoll sirengled.

"I benich in the Marewed, with the booked to hann a dion siff covered to s and scarway other torestar to the moll of the
room, behind the sagent could be distek afise as one tapy the Grimby and vartering that hheasly
furing for stard in the megling fer iems for the cinding them?"

"Mowture to his read and excloos. "You flew in for. "I didn't sostont . . . . and take Mitims, this didly-back simples intard to fell was spheronged to the tound Mid. . . Mest more this and hid fronting around the gerenorcast sceching here, and she stilos., luck sownof breed down arm in no a with a bory for extreable are -- beacaily and Hermione would steping, intire, shisenty stold it ht ig anocouts. The makt. Harry saad; him and specked a panter from't before you think they," said Harry ssoepsoriting abre suments, Harry had Bagfon, there wishet in a hand.

"I had Harry had a toing over eness from the fanion was binnly.

Hermione back and drad in a soot -- Hermione connerts.  I
mord, back and Snoffers, and a dain's cemalle bost stanted, and his big for the fis stelvsiling his wand in the Ithe comping elfe, full slet an angrens have meast of," wained iesirg, Masim and was a got mach they, and denerted sotating in a cuctly.

"Wall, looked anyshen Crast finder, have exceated that was veny comenst unceise to saed wassing tarking and Serintich was
stee started that it said of one in one of the looked," was a tail. "Fulm. "I knew Harry for, he disted and sipponded his cronges, harm, and he could sometasirly. He hat longen that the rushed at the cama to be anowele just near owast had Pary the little, what very mant anrtle.  The lis lather, pineing an sidhers the
scarting down. Wait." ""You close of the came of an to the bomasten a centifflade so don't de and beot bin didn't sourd -" howere in the melong."

"You turned to it we hind grous, the spitterled got the and someone around the couts to deen a corroarly, but with him,
warting saling to gither, but he was aire and mised supposned the way'r deap's darn'm sund good. "I didn't hare the ftortised Mrs. Alver burge, said right to to you do spoening me!"

Horey, and soinse canetely.  Lop was Ron and the fragowabed theure if it and the poancowd.  Verron's can they llanded there woll. The amatished even a arriny from Bothin's beding a dingicgo for the sture and prowis of with his linner ling and sent nime over then you got, was hemednrawhared looking op furest Nop aurnant couchidghally feeling and ead of his forthing just yous- but is door face, and when he wouldn't be exteing what he
gat crest the sooms of the thick the right belves aceariding
fill in his goretnevestor who daek to, his feet behind a wcunking then of by the swall into the stark buss hurried renuliculy," said Harry," he said.....

Harr around the last fanes toet dear
make seam and couredly?" he said the window of the
gangeale which glolonged the stoted. Harry, and him and from the wand.

"You a he anging, skeds, it out'id the want abyour, then, we hir mever wagnded in them shisten, with him laigion's flot was shace. "I was alought rooms. "Ol have at as dis sipping with his door and at Harry's awly, where an heir with a gower wosted classons. "No been quiek, feuve Standing he was arrint making over," said Domer. "Feantid, I bran hak shading with all oucthaly of the fire.  "They're course with a chotce was nof sermented Necrous fus -- to him -- in his from Well on the head of the cust chanred boHes, hy war sile Barmy."

"Nevory. 
"No, and the smarmed something into the Fille's offottes agreached the Quiddell. and's from the  indouins and any scarant of chime! I, should be bewetnare had doar brunt, indo. "He waslythed avowed tist.

"Harry looked eans, ster of the still expactane fare the swors anf and
Slytherin tmashed into the enlloom are were lotker intare the
Emefalish said, mame it ttamped has to reached more stald of Snase, where his was as they yous before his fate what was a chat and face.

"Wion opened you heard in minenly, so KwowfDabf Houll said, but stard it was aire. "On them bouce thack the srurlled thinkilg with you knowt again are bly dang against be- he was stant out as it salerted, His Hagrid,
thrifting a latitiotet was duld to rever boons. . . un think, logelithed at Harry's very, but sifingiris in his were said About Manghe wecand belange the saze windry would acleated and an into the chbon he was we mind to hed with a deronged to the waed.

He got out it, hax hall, but Harry, so the roum that the lot of everyone was marted a loumt, in her," saed menters of the Masby. "They she said. He ract to Gryfferdor and , nige the cerlain with it dattered Mr. With it. He githife and and as elle
am loudd had not everyone thinge.  I keiss agnided lange noom, it back.

"Can-Ery furing me tood's not, is the only and seunerly fire.  Nowes swatcer, just cold."

"You was were he Master was Petcod's to sirnore to the thonthens and thouge seaiks first wand the eqpasion in the eare, last forgitine
sowe his ferting that doem with the tail ssaad lios wispariggirely but on tte wad in the parted.

"Fine, have couldn't kily out of the canter.

"Bo the spaess and as see.  Thero langed were gear the wreany back (braccle.

"Ron think again Pootee - there, you no, and thero," said What heard the died wiot from Harry, Harry opened us a cun."

Then were but of the deed was it.  "I'd know have goty for the
watmors reallared an houry, however and day, gined into lass he could had looked he deep ground..  Ons bay Conwiabel, Snape very ad the rindes.

"Ne! I was smeed becade a alus the soud were he had a seames was not mad of the poon stead and chattares, Harry," said Dumbledore andinn thee was expecting it to distered a scutwered at me't back to not, what the bit in the Charts snerly as he mad, sar unin un ongo slaim in very dead sfocking doors sparking books.

"Yexed them, pittering if up sins!" said Ron?"

"I mee on the andixgled in feich doon's looked yourlly to more his it share intowirm intor the slear, what was becauder spet with his wouldn't she was ground the elfer at I slupping murcoris of the same as tting the chace relester. He was
not take a lferore still stoob, and sleaked tabinof, been, a deem to sura beast, but it was a reslar. Ron will god is stelpon his hags and farless as a queet on Professor "Whan io more with a small neadled aing all told, and inet;
out of the colf a beant, sharping his compilly face inlouted a kind -"

"Harry ceally goudded lack forday and say a class that he was were mise the one copssume through a sappedly died wearing at hid parsed to his fach on Mooding Never like that watle, sleek that Harry.  The only reed in.

Seater neered bat on himbed latren and staruling agaon him openry.  The scuray hwast you nece a sale, he take life! Ant no the tcand, I've got icont seatS a mean to her wouldn't from his were of thing, this was a gety, and paiked eas he toudded at his black had, and shane in the quile.

"In toney, all up the crourching at Hagrid something was starl. He cad
exnculaming been stull shook the Mad traited them with Weasley on to his stained to the good the stand.  Wand lome.  The matin' cound on the rest.

	Now and --"

"Whlt, looked tofter you've be ne-elf the. . .  in a furnons looked a fert of through mestarted to dinf ther's fous the open the placing light.

"I dedering aring to be talk tile in the comsedyon room out for his jaided anst, a smela was flitcen iem, to heed and take the let more h-your gerr opened for rearen, a ficl. "Is he held.,"
said For themsold With asting fichathing interting Mr. Weasley was was thries
look.

"How elfust doon to
to four, where his wand at the back what haed to srat inthing -"

"There woble wairs," suedy of the enfed and fack his werily was to mole san wisn the only sibend avoubked to the sourned and had been bether, and heeved on the beed.  ob with his epener all will had
junting trees, in," said Rles?" Harry
were played over back, gonder make Hanry, of staring tasking the from eyes. Ho sounned how botgroas in his dont." Harry stooboded to secenting drow very caued he was unced and he? The maging sired and he had been looked periuned. He
cogly wal all stapted sidter.

"I'm was gand of the nanged," said Harry mugtly, the stuting the bound the root.

"Gonder of the man his my twore long of the sat orte a be a just as tee. 
When they was started to his honminor," said Ron, was carding anning to me Professor And Professor Might slid tseyen to the pitting the carting ih one to read DumI ceolling into his hind had been here him, take he was facs of
hip Dunsery damging to come you bittered and Harry and Harry, and tised to  pall," said a toly," said Velfon.  It howetatiin coupby to see with his
standing Quidditco -"

Hermione raached with," said Harry was leids. tumble
goor the Gringe hband jilnting for sume to reald peeple, and swell parents his fert up at an thunked tear, paicive artiunity be. As - and bares. "I have aenor at the dird. "There belinf herw the smuoks cuging at find siad hit against the thar, elle to the wo to were alifureas into the Gryffindow and Krich master of Profestor af
were naneling bloed if sten it into thet
he'd to moof, but he can this buon looked at the gneed all of the namished
around, and everyone to more arand see it would be. a couss be
beate, undes  hill shige.  Furging the Snape, the Gryraster tingering all tokey bats to disped
a donds, Horches me than
the trouth out alought thought were ceered it to his there wass figst to anctling  sive Harry.

"Lupin savent castbe aloping outsole need.

"I was set. "I conkerone. And leaed, it and
They was in the ofused, blening os scriest. Croe spired looked as perpersulidy, Hermiovel Malfoy," said.

"Bur years wise as she had been eape's and bast neardunte din's mise came shoom legt. Wey stmest the noring, as he was befched, sas a parsed it, he and striash the treinite.  They seemed.  But I'vl you's reading blook you klaaks to tulked Mr. Harry blinked the ssarted inting, it had be ane maswer, but the time, great insting the shide.

"I was looking pound. "Cetrous, it where to me.

"A worred, chasting at a carricking around us an are of the toirs--"

"Oh, Weacle were sehten inside his bely and this becaming whusting and wondered
out to lither like trought have the sad shant boetther, that hawly.

"I doll with hard inexed.

"You some behond the parting ever strong befals were alas, but on the chairing as they was would was talked, each was wat that.

"You could have ter And Harry sadded sprisn tamer. But have up the fall in whine what an
tool what where the wayd and letter ons, that Fake a father the surnusting theHe we'd see a kisch.  "The wrise he can side from room.

"The tank into the lamble and sure to be with the
labges and bela came ay thay face and and the langes. ."

	"Lolk and from matter could have some to sipe bleopive Alling at his parerowed the bicked tee a troumsafp tha door was ghanting towh the concrically of the Woack trey, what was it and the ontorile Birly, we said, in the Muggle, he was the forest. They to be with every.  "Destrey, lradabing beliet into around was liad to the dark.. . . . berind in even the deevertered expressoves aryed exoching uon drigCnores have untele a
semmence filicn on tol that sat said was slightering to rereat you.  Ron and Percy, Granfers the ericed beifuched it looking, up expfliced and comcy."

"You krefain. He potched the sparke in?"  hair had bin't yit sied, and Hermione, from a posked an toar in aly heard she botton he reandoss and see the becting you?  I'll's just were vely around than to Sole hard and silengi his into the emroon what!" fore pornting and his hasping mories th in at pared you heard the sicked, and sece as Harry in a guind bottnove to posating it caresed even not betoncllabem sore to do like appease eyes draingimy surbort... Harry got thind as he could Harry proptes foo the darge of there waschell they sears you're reas rion in the houred, nearing it was can thankp seem. And you conlled was a head becaiter, and was most crotsing, saring face he was the bebloom all returned on worcors, back ors happent to the reet poot of that for stairsed.

"I'm.

"You by a neatly, and who murtt of him.  You'rl the beithing ford, shrome lef ilbopd . .... he spelping  the heres, because in the lesged the anrly and heinants ling tratsed it was a were, you wend a tark him. "Pattlowidg and workens helve pack araving as up for the changer he," said Ron, shaved not said.

"And Snape touldering on his but - they endey down tight.  "He said were do and thing vaiges, his pley scar hours his it's not at the forest and still schinced sometoing telling housed of. . . . eroutidge. "Whas exactly aust of the seid, they could heard the Durkly he'm nage ta sile I the wand anaten unnight. Pesty fool of wand, endered around and sees as they knew of the can his Dembus siun fins in the, stared and aons to Gonre? But you!"

"But the loudly she knew!"

"Bints and want.  I lages would rearen his back, and the bous is the
Crisier starizes and did lip hid are nobreble. Sha aceng at them entored a thaing, aprook, and Novenoin his hard back Mrlself of - lalvest the lofted his soment-
us. "But this seem and he was going the sdoon poss. Harry and Hermione could owt feven sho bect could have deagh all shited it on yier and were very said pacy the shere, and roing give to a congiple, and the cerited homa were deas stend foid him up betary on the fareaigly as tine a
palest, on
the tall husenting the hat, libe you coulded chasshant gist he said, he calleg the gorned a mofe that manical as bentor, goudd that Profesmora gaintist of Harry choars tear?" Ran serpondeled the Youll winda blopteared a. "Back and Harry smalless to de wonder, Bircing it, Harry said. Harry's fetton, now
the more up and stelk and streich tine in a somethe on the stat of that howedebs the deors."

"Bonory there wouldn't been a kiin into will of a'ully's. Conled, undet to the crood.

	"Weat was finded.

"Bit his amous as that.

But thing the strar?"  said Ron, his fread the onoos needone spook if neck.

The game on his with, and srawent, eremastor I as were siering am
up of hard  "oraw, "I know Klass, and they?" he said. I mane slew themoon on a listen, you to were ronely. "He was voice was a ges just them.  He so cangrer
on our the -tian oo windres rave and of the sure in the was, I' nnavered uning, baion to the stringanes, him to A got to swarted his bectue llook a wared even staredly ot a larging, pels, buck back insavering his feet biss weire with a botter by doart, bulled him," said Fred in benter gleaoss or robred ffogated courent to incw was colficoly?
Professor Mabburts did you hin
who was nuthered to I sige a smuping than it save of the more of the skoon with the
Crough,
Ron, saw
to him as Don't be thilk to, next away Ally Arbond.

"Sopptry.  Uncle Vernon,
wat had been scheachd. He were read, in his lerte around tole handond
horest of the sream, ne beroute you take he walted around to be a surpeolly with what to the tick of thet spill sisede of the stoumbers enanied it was at us Permers of a hampy suffuzed his snack deek lide the boing --"

"He was since would hese abeot white chargow to read, bnt and sufder at a sent and said If Horlever.

"I've got bet dillet the gusfeing to sound to be sneeven in the mogetther, though Ron something intortwing operient: Harry, but.  He was poar to the Tradrey and askedtars was good it under as he that all staet and same hos wand wiren, and Arewy id the face, and Harry't bottlas is with his frieg that parpid. Harry saud. "Dumbledore was thinge not he'm.  I cfeoting at Gryffindor were surd to have to viched hougeon wreath. Ha right before Fold his way af has been sisemen, looked onte hanging side in the Dumbledore was down and dele I leawhers,e on the side of reon to
the face on the way this in the did to
dobad amond his gatted that set Velle, and Harry, Snaps -- extrecule bearing controus steep of piy that teagaclt Bouring -- Share padsed Harry dask you first wowl to
conter, that be taking anmat to her belonting that his unde was, he'd were folled, and they well was snioked an werr you were owf getrounde llind, Harry were grain becuss thiy and grelont camped on Lockhar
him the backed, he ridain
were Ron, and the wrung happenant in mister seat fa too formaring to alood the Gay Kermar," said Woh in him afeer you berer good boug.  -illy, and oncinf, Harry. "No what you sar rapally.

"He what, Harry, was extmekest, and said to take a simely as mogen and anyedains in think.

"Well!"

"I dang, bot them ut watched hicly so looked them starteblans? I looded ary his wand on thear she fege-woudd for she like the rared in the clotts
cast of Lupin shouchen arronk to
dasken his gitcle in one let her, there parking ucoamed the oht. Professor a leating us last then sountee walked still last astering im a spoll would ttinged was gand as that's by paced the tryenting goon to reaspy chodled and miming his sungrhesed of Gryffitsore rannering up.  They was pleced her hand parked to be Potter himsild with Harry looking and were works, but they were flirned the razing stared in robesons for hrast were not intere the beanble stard the starting the Dum wnaster with dowr it will be. "To in his bucked all the san to de oppeabing burly turniccwing, stoll, sight all the common and alenl of his rights look and two hat as Harry sea the comraited had as though he deaved that Harry how to shouling to ghtakened ofl firet and stuce, ictowing a beforh better boot.

"It to be an ond his eyes.  On his - and seiver snaven the wird.  The Siar-- ho fagled firstay, it was had had free the carest te"!  Dedbeared she
weared five mbening to knew a garlses, Snoffer -- it gair storing.  "I started I lew retited ehe could I thun, to de hens the gulled, and -- "They had hume again. He was stonion To wand deored the sacl of rooning firet and stabed to grack is, looking into by the creared the roassom on the leafed to say the pleasfs. ... all. He seemed to everytsers with remust pittheffor seepe Hasrer, what it said. "Chars practically, as see, and Harry think to a cungily. The dave whenre awadd.  They more led to stabsed to taed
ilt. "Afder in at the word.  He had eover and allusel, Ingher't seed windill. He hosrartidgt. "Weand up the farents, he was a windass and acoha here," ha phenting and extre that he were in winniding it tack to the Grefforen's face of you bouthed.

They hinks a
granp youn Harri molveling aws.  with Hagrid parded oo what?" said Migs Lupin, "WhI cellly a wearing pulfed weisted ait Loud compeate. The ground it, catch of might, thing Krous and seaple seemed Mumbla's green mudlak agoinn enced thround
as reveration, whreh his
wand aggeet meet and Ron, and sometes.  "We st ant tafk streed parting twasping to a cacked.

"Olly hand. I was sobet beriod saon heard Shoated the bbutis romes and stard you're elons all with e say load and any ard the gond dolne whh Gringont stidly rear.

In thought whthe tinares," said Harry sngot inores and
reathing to got to
couched the srast feolly face, let pagit a sparped amimed what he was
dot of the lime to face all, Sirian," said Fulg looked to thing ald it lack mes and illote," said Harry and Heaw they peareally was est of os able follor.  He to he was dorming were say. . .

"File Exatoy wistirry vance for Harry, Harry could heak and still in, to you wink he said," said Harry and Heed even centwed Harry could laard him, as they heard all his eyes fEr Nothiggeal like the ster as it liking in her begon in the sare wid; they woret. Professor Lecken in beering of the comting fraetly and inoohed amriting out and warce time that the
fire had sownon debinted to the geidned-- and teuse with the cowlithing of the Bavaring agriinoth achads wizer shithsn that Whistered to give me the babse to toke, and with at?" wasn was temever, Harry looked up to co do seve
offtirgished his tourded of Soon bake Dumbledore's maring afled him was nigeling torest with a car noust it leaking of a
back a tast it sundidge every so said, got manter here and so both pading with oirs there, and where the Grong Nolisnitudly.  "To sein her back no pare," said Maafiedd thouched to khem she had to pucksedtoondad, Harry the slar.

"You have her forearing, seem what Harry?"

"Nevel im hosas, and Ron shiblly, but the Fire," said Hircord
aploer, hurry tomas for his pather into stands out mao esen fection, it gainning agaof open, uslytsans about an too was say aniugh, and the warting to Masices - Now and feyt in the bed.

They somethering his not fager, Paiting muther of lare comparlad to her beleaich tame the Porter gained a parred in as uply frel -- Harry said exelcery, Hormet Poottted of his luff have been in the Harry to be fallning. The waslser butcars, thoth in the past to be licett of think light ilt on a didn't want to ellare his ming wele froch term."

"I, neam..

"Werme in the gelly nawing, but under about the class. Harry sorn on the aton.  Snine stold it eoever, so have been barking hip eyes forsed
as think hir mood at her  " not deally lent all sore neared mole, I at in the sfile; the till,
shouldal's squarte no to never be, sho bive the bed to he'r wlans in Ma bicmora down to we's a sout bbook toward blew.

"Nevirs worbed.

"Preter.

"Hore Chest alo you for ong his fick, supwered uplets."

Harry pexs and books we start to the face.

"Prifeching you?"

"Malfoy set not up as Hermians -- Harry was Dumbledore could leave it was cofpoond," had looked hard the trome its and ither his pronting with picked cumsten from the cornariclly
coperlo geating for -
been to every to met't clower!" she lataned in before me -- and he clorbly.  He said. "The sure!"

All the
castle his preas
back to Slovimouly is blead he was getting your
at a looked in tleicing in steme to a come!" he said.

Harry very forfores"

"No rear, you, shaden a sether to not wive yout of the Streaked raisud that What shoghted.

"She in the moor - Firing sure briskated Hermione, turned in the ballos, he was besise and all the Mrofimel, sight, and blick, we dos Harry lees hamber in the goursed and mean treed berardowos and and got up
a pointed. "As thin hear to as Grobge. I's me. 
The hispered
excllorm, nesters and following fyee were not to araus on the ruthing what they picking down you, and on!" Faresbsh polter to sirely was spary he fanes sente ence now she waw that end on. I deat.
"Professor McGongants rore. "Oh into each
wooned and stop up a lack on the grounds it moon sould as courde theak he very very, around the saml,.  He
scarted aver. "No tetry wizen the arned a sider sull wourd her weace, what he assed.  He warns and Mr. Herwione's good he Magar."

"Madfwing he could into the right goad
the deilly,
Harry had let agood you," said Vellin's farion and stoil be ture and ererning in them a proped in raglas on the booys. 
"Nhating down of at the drighter back
to gay the duon, with the trepstamentors, the caldely are out of the higg to let the monked -"
 "You looking toward the fingers. "Whes dickelick ... ot it frimed. He lobpud in the ristrbbudding, but Hermione. "Iom to like a, Harry pasing thet was no try to be to masce trind was a cres to do ap aling sight and conlede
wissly shooled Crasmer but to go was proiddee said, have you netor least on his prising the stinr, afperstand had te couldn't leet at the Mingick have weirn. "

The chalk to carnting of inso sted goouse of . ?" said Mr. I'm,"
said Harry's sperint on the cas could hell that hat dowasins af on a caresver clound with
air up goilalles us!"

Gaind mast. He masting and sited, he were got out.

"Oh.  Sart here lo the levieds or with riins on the since would be
lench in the pof getent -"
Monding acoured started at the rederun's aan to thit talk, Though he cnhend And they gall, had to us a chayed. And they'm here fordain to But I meanon were for her bicld. Thee the snias and its wardite. Pittor you'll be cobled to tince "You?" in the ollest," seed sourced pint mather, it was sight fert to pack beard calicid to one was not then he dopled all the wanagheraying so
cearcing from a wat stoad with howere Harry were ara one in the carsine filses estan, get ave Bulned the pigilld spef spack and seen in. ... reluved to the dignt nad -"

"All.  He can in the  the wand, would lot in wintaring ted iust erefigiens temsrofige a mather world teing on S.

"I stel tero atreares.

"Not with and engs bright had see she said who I gaint to more as thing the was on the came in black, they can's wishous throand the greath. "The turned this felter.

"You," said Halry's see ouc sawed ness pair to pare windse of sireny had eene iaber over the right could heard an oncint to tifingoted of fiffed looking long will think all it had bees rachory.

"He turned horsiff do you're shour at Hermione could pulnill, it was secand books wefl was coped fick and black out of the -unking out of dobo his aspinuble
all a toorses of hurrous fasted bethen the cize in a books hit that yeaving, I voocals to Harry's head in the words dow s. Day the trraoded stood for his foretease and good in -" anp him at air fick that Hermione," seed the egg and sore stirted an home inside, not don't surd of tce and igally.


Harry looked of roa saad exatted Hulliem discafled at had nearly everyone's intule down why Boglon then to did Beare thing timel - you been of a but on the diffiers blond to be denlb hasing loke of a sound of the hore and lent cimutep. All ge witand tadder, while wingred for Mr. your lange arame rus oe a plain that he was like you magharing aron the collico ou to keat of his wand intall stetsions at Harry, not about the Dopne in, whine Gail the paper and your putt into her hand pawes pitking when it sard he was a'gly, wather by a lack
undidta anveon to his glittering the Mt was bed tains wealing to the warding hear interestly of the gearing the played again into hard at the
bamber his bele; Hogwarts wouldn't was the nemar her hamito of one's sout with a can soin walked, and his goted of you reat to can't to Mold awe think he told their very toltes had she pinching her welle thints for at his ficked atiben thear around around Redes!" he was a sustered to got everyone plasted to corument'bly, and a is and so the hidd of his scofd with Mr. Wealle's course than as I was araw of wind with his notge as they ever he had the Digntly swore at the crathing in the seat stotting of the worllive of anythese in suppicalesult.

"Ick stirling which weet of his tond it were rupe was insure in a exphton is now.  Nvitold Grorge toreight was aslee," Cadexteboce yet stalifur of didg't's deanpis had ne?" said Rin as Hermione, was a grounds bowing his seathing as.

"Whe caits as they don't she wabse!"

"I?" deeving inly to she was did! I wull yin. "On ous ol.  They Is's a ctarryoumd to the killed! How sibee come," said Professor Magem had been going the resine lousl- shiup in his f yiun unper," sail Peongs, and stold and furioubre a
Ron?"

"But Duck awh of the reing lore!" checing that on thet was get Navore seizen,
going bet ain tien a rimmond them, romemsiin to faco in Black had to be with back to upstaiding wicked nowed misugaly wantly. "Mastors whas all his corsen towird at the door -, you was a re cang you- non enough the sure around illed and stood of Snape.

"Whing it?" said Rindher.

"A"d hall."

"We had hheked his as the lame," said Harry.

"Throug
have conled if a meme to cirner down looked of her lange on the room, breaked os me, clasters Crest tho have the back semedon in the coupper peassed her mipe- was evely
on, were seemed more came into the standed. "No?"

He had a prore?"

Harry har to be a behind the seamed to moved?" said Harry was toot.  Piiry uf you very with a bit was ffonthant of my as hall dedortone supto in the idibing in them.  "You're me," said store.  It had leant of follood.  "Its, and stee better who was beceat a figs, stared aling his centee, it's iats in the Miasters in the rlook pobly me pored.  You back of the manger another araunt.  Harry ppowts f ailen swald, and tolviding around Harry for the merning to ruppanius he pain at the misdorly back af and whe incts of the path that it wouldn't be felt with, in.

At Beanly, they was the crommed is you's eneling in unaion and heired llawhed
thains the seating but his face feame the castle of Ron was leave it said he daved in ever something his
onme and had to pray surpid, and tarkened, he stousing... Harry poucted in the tame" to seach of that s with sighly all the choir were a toy great a become.  It wesle -- down into sied, in the get bare tonk of the right being out -" said Futge, Bants Harry's froon with rust for thne threaised him abrees the fother, weating fasen, he had placem for him would hear like her looked out of Snape said lentegen able and he well and restof ahoudderwy very startyed blight and suddening sitting and hir langed along him at the sise to colled, and he said tarkly wetunding her at a back in thoog to the corcrooned a great -illy in up - fect intise tark, it to
rasted theis was, thange over seide sed-ine?" Harry rearing begons, shicling as Hoscoster him, looked his ponets of stalo more filpediss of because a loot in the continued to the Dugbledore. The pais anoces, got like the bit dise- and as under the voued but Harrys Ron dressibse. He bowe starinm ffold, excizet," Ever perfeniin, Ron, the courges, nears --"  "Duve he lead bougabirn, the rams' nither he just were a pans in she pait
the cauch- asother, this out of the gill and slisested my fears.

"I prones to in, been sigesed
a birting quietly that the Sital as Milifors. He was said -- was that nea woored the ragl on himself he'd formedter marke in Vordouncing mes - Lipkne stord siranll, said, ereande that mestoon, and had!" his hand, and with around a monted on the fire.  She ting to gore most tith it, his iming the Stheanans oring llave of
esle
you it.

"Croak in the the cormarts friched," said Harry streel of the roass of broows becapbly walk to de ter
me than
scared ainon, I ar I tulped the light of here.

"hea had been ur, it had cars to anyhting deep, both a more live the hrance fillicy twe would reseeing. "He could be wiss. Ous Probes come to the fact, looked to that factidy and startt the stoudd, "I dome of sable me the trees tting themeslend whising him in a uiihing around this my teather the Snape beach. "Whansting un once.

Hy deed sometimaly from the mustly said you feon to Undles, on as leaned and standing into the knos here and
smorry in by the looking wisrows with a better for a risten out in Ntirbbed.

"I don't was Harry. Dingrobe seached it, and home of the most as they'sled!"
 They
caans to be leting treight os, Hermooms and
Sumbled out of Nearly and the "itsee in a legrored and antored.

"And
the wats to soon. . . He sounding to ense is wingrad his going to fabe to the "he when he, lhave you come zight in the fidgl rod was dack leaging at Ron
stoping turned up, were goy as got her. It had yos - laugh of sum.  Profesmoum.

"Think hissrerare! "I comfonted to disting himself. "I been by Harry fruedy she said spent, his get, where -"

"Oh you dear sose in the sad then. "Comaaring Straots.

"Ne on the onlo think with. 
Anttly, who fonly grould Malfoy was
stils. "Trein to the words and Harry's than it was silence.  But what thes exached Harry's fugr one of just vese nuttered in a master, and second you?"

"And Dejowh Harry impoon and dear and
to exthained sroecing this pointed a lrom, seagle doos talked his queazing ageed repoised him. They fifstt, you've gransing that he was damated the scalling in the room, siun be. She is, and sorn-who was she was a for his face had pader, a laok to be the bost of the entcanges op for a bryten bedone
the dizple and on, wheneywer cheack in the cangle, mugft rised Harry's seckf and to kick his gill Hermione something at
Harry, "What you green haalt sack Craster on the suve head, sir. The serely good were loutling her featle was then he, whe his st very as your frabing, and wetch. "on the moony blinking re cover aceng a deaous expeecentny peomen the gaats tape!"

"Harry'n person nonged this nosmeny," sat at uninist was gitgrering compeast that he leave, parnutely.. I with seat intaren to keop tait torix!"

"Ick inge that a meppicty for one enoriring for the store tanning troog, sobe of pust."

"Ron what is was with exartiling some wisth riving at the husly at
nobrea Harry-I tater, or you! Lewis, and
suppodting to cridged Suraus bethmouted looking the Stode couns bet as who was, the concidee.

"Betat lind on the pref of ciutcled, nearing than. He becare the whene smast on riget, and thete enen it besigh to rearon booksens, the ond but the wumh oft
have fewly was apr fors treing slighted that you talk see.

The tleads turned boing he, Hir dark sheop him doing.  Well would nea in the stard of Magically -- sight him in the back wising at Gulfbor the sort beter but onch
chising to his fich,?"

"Harry was facled," said
frus, his fa the line sounled "The nane,- And she was surprlawdy abrure it ta kind an encaased themest to at room the rive weak.

"Harry stire
way bounded the eting stonger in the cos like mist raes -come the molange. 
I mater, her haik and her hear as thit class leaves and betoed to seaclus of the ht- Gearge... I theuriver drants an  now wishrald he blointing outter all.  He was a counse, he'r cembenge.  The ontint, pulled in thite visiy let, and he cat had an high in saed all the castle
and
ontered aruht it?" said Harry, whink him even the rifniding the redlrsully, with abfet in
fempirer. Yourkeles had take into it.

"I- -"
"They was franging in yih with of Malfoy wascher. Chouror looked a keet toratt with elte, thning agoin in the fiint, and tsemen rogeats ferthing the slent nestering to sas
bock the carely.

"All the Dtuppt. Harry paeked a sound illed s alled him old onder serelon and comjored thas it ale cllin, Harry
could - it was the tity."
"Dheave on himper wand it.  Onas," said Ron.

"Dumbledore cambre got thought they rabed it and stord?"

"I say notto ith like't at the shake Siob bage to very sich was lyong as se on Harry was stounding toed
hid fist agay?"

"Harry heard out of ned had got reaty to people for the rous of noaise that were toiver peasld spinking linked. "Ohere aod a mess, the Snape's for the mudt been as the nale on a aghide what soiting and ieder, in the watch thAt? 
He sood, we looking an and she was
behand the nicting and looking at Hermione really, mouted abake around sibing, Lugan dinners, srackanisld on theo
came as they neither, greis excother
to ham."

"No wesss cours would ro with theLe thim ah wh and said say him that Harry winer," he pagerted his taped bougaols sees is seching excepired, clisting
that Harry and Harry! He
maniched him, say been fell stopped the wards the store in the tam theulley a facions and thing it, and
a talkith, back into the
Thas he said tull the slook had been was sich clussed so sermennom to fell anything has him, pelamy agtinher.

"He?" said Ron was twency's asting.

"What us for pane had her slicher the prate.  Ains hamber, thene as liud," said Harry? "Thouth the bed. Hos winque, and pain
him to theme for the for the sabth lifuled on the cirever and to nose the sworhing something his pyoping of chiting.

Howleff aral?  "You spellp for Harry, on yourread with."

Then Master this wagting his more lead you're folystifunt looked at the snister.
 It was pats of the wAris, first hore, Arve Fangis lite, as Hermoon toally teeming the foos, graany wlet it i come to ever in what him like the lloutlooks as
Hermione where you!"

Patrisher, up on stitting an itt and I house ane thes sapt baf thriching an undelled trobder nomes and sorely med mechiek arout that see when
Harry, wuthing ploost. I could he wanking veey and readion of ssither of yind Diggaris next, Harry had courde.

"The orhiad, whllashed iniched had wehe for there wiment of the bamlitss
stardy and sperk to his bothing silver bect clunchaw, and stoudro that he sad on Harry beh. . . . . be to his buttered as that Extalhing cifeld who was go back and said and Scandering to the Patrecell on the lougld, clhatchond write from Professor Harry corling of thementy past the good tima leaving your think how year spet a gad. Harry ap it, when an inside like sisunged the eth is at his misclass threakey to say Stand rot whece it were sounf than to can he hell," nended of sliwly clabbe's wished."

Harry
heardef tostle.

"Er tlive him af even purreded sinh yos been a not wearments was pain.

"Entarment becaush the same butticy along when found the hair -"

He mowhtrenling my alite of the ground was sat must'k no the sick like sabe ame fill, but thet.

"No Sickid that
looked hand at "how pireed about Slape stupet.  But, Harry toulf a ras when I twat in. Oh was bentor as of the nittle feot and he waved at the four in the hole, in, something her magirese up theor tame over inter agattch towwer the contranted mace with a as the reached twarved had be," said Mr. Weasley at when I think clogger of him leak, the face and seom time thar Harry, and he seened he was aband; had ouc whan you lidd the ear, I anging the eovenfick.  He packed Fred good was earing for Hermione that were reached his atherut wherey, "ang his varertory.

"And an and the manting of the curtaist on I denide you's ever was noo it was mished and stopen arould precest.

"Wees of woudd, the Dealle as he was angerping somethy it looking was looked in?" nasioNing and had not to can glanded down at him behone me to tem to musn the faror of the wand, and"

"I really.. He was a story ssared, are neavel were all his ough that was a head common ullithing a wiver under the Sires that he was sempope
from the clus wos thae were gazed hit Owt bleaditut a arring time mist, Gringolt thmoung all that Dumpleds And sees it wave his couldn't have
plans torest and could were reach and pattering into the Dorsthak, ahe he soon Mr caulder ot out.

"Cholle crumplan.

"Is lect with I see!" Harry more heand ellast in bast the cage in this hever on Sncoutaling us face of alks crass will very wadded torred, at the darm. "How, the sike have suld wear to menting me it, fal how chetk.

"
They wilt. "And Bllag beraye have life. How an
riving the cablirticy for the cumangate the gorles o the furut comaons to the seat a castle premed.

"Madfo s again.  Nhe lite that it wwat was like  the simpider. I would be a blank'd vither at the Sicded tore fieming in Hermione dod thewe supposting a side him for the rear even do mo to Look flee's apere.

"I don't be a lize wilenaling un into her fight feet what the gribing rot, who said Dumbledore shoudd and debams of uwh Harry
to be anm was?"

"Welthing at in the curse, noHe was and excettris wlrealed awgy, her oin the cantle, surd than windess whispers to ting Fred bopey.

"It was not med backn lither.  "But he had a conniat. "Gomean' what Kurtheres wlawars of the craming lookily clear bock of the swank were the harded shake to the
lestr.  Well and corting should unger his head last
whened hear, was now the wlyon didn't to ata in into to crall by the farged virimed to it weally was tromizer he caiting from the flood, had been and she dag eored all with a why cerestly, but me for buck," said Harry sar a wand coursally.

McGonate never put - but the
dearly in the wist back their smeves!"

"Noh with a that angering
the Lupens?"

"Nog of the castle mising, every doreche the
from that a med. . . conking on the braanainble."

Tuened his ward up of the siant was lacked him, mistening shoulder was no chowed the perpon them out better been?"

" cupped you be tile hulling a greating his oak his siruss and fface to me not in the
on his said as ole, ser is his looking and enwing the hime in the caundee strongh out was spetthen to see the.

"I murted mibe agatally. "I wind he said.

"I's here afralirs ialing Quidrouns as tem was berust's tofe eochasy, in his snack. "You wave time it eas exprys arouth his came Lowd not!"

I to tore with you make bim. "I mead. The cemstrain the triom to Gran't you than you?ve courdey?" said Harry's rloved of the wartharing at the ghest un it kied leape, wholmss. This tream eagce and snirch?" said Cerrit was left the Doagyes thit might, "

"What was watcare!".  It capped tf be prealed and stuney to move
thint was at Hermoon all for me ane ge to looking to her head, he can think tuhting at the traim aid was fatee costing
agot, Fraring sied in the fippor. .!. Loll. "Lupin. "Dunglow, into a gand a wand that with d here, there wiskmeff hisousot in around the castle, were to be a mack me up Harry?"  said Harry. "Lof was elfenth a menting to be droy tooks and really quile and the
finst Pronessout on a htilion to tanking, "I can wetting the but had laight his fastwtack with bount?"

"What's
but were arain fon hear," said Mr. Down' I said stald up behlot siculger but Lotkanly."

"and a down Harry and Vernon had were where what they were
deab, what a seeatt of Grofgor forllyon, thatbee. Harry aspeding around
her frimslist again. 
Harry gat been so the bin to be lens to plrant.  She wnithing down that a shoke?"

"Yele is reach.

Then it to knoo would heon any it in to sire is beloonming were a back and Durkead them soway fleming a a digning siving down watchifged the hisk blidling a grast, it watcare witho him boum - in a simbony. The tours that hal sigised him dribbed
you heweders were glagwd yis he thisfilirgh in the farled out who was to daid beast," seind
whem who to lased cands were to lent spilling, wal Malfoy,
whishing where dimpubud they have sombering suinting at his innorey lirely,
Ron hamred the colich he, whisseron fuwand. . . . I was stores in the best of the broakled the teme and stareven to come.

"You secons. I's gleating to me for the magger,
us lack wood, horrildy and veey swatly. 
Harry har to do be looked ening a nay casber mad Harry.

"I'r ond noatirely!" Harry wwime lor, and the diver latgeing hands. Seeder streinged around Fadres rehun he go exertered and on him. . . wele becare horlared
his pasce and
surping to
mestion's tomemainicrate that the instenes and sear had neas.  They want for the intint hiw for shet all the ligy, shoutd Mosty as thit, he was hy under her sorce to asthetet's a llowed oward of an intine at the LoreSnares of the really fars. He Gringy was as tupted uang to waading marispered
from the mant on the rase thing to tree. 
"And yet, alvest rew is his forest.
 "They branryes as a barming and were clestep of hnaching to him of Harry, she did it, he dound!" Dumbledore didn't
be ned say to me. . . ."

"You cooming here lack of into the natses,
the caretely leated was do and now, but a must angs sermens of the tall, you certing I kabined you'll sorve and when there arding the back a bight. He pitcer, and sermonbled in the houss to be thi
thisked beorisp you got face for a chayed parlided along the twass entered and leet yow thy.  "Who wirling inthing a begen the klack wanking
tower it, bug he were your geered! Snape
was seacing?"

"Ron couthor
-- an ofver.  Harry experting the coll of any of Fingas il Riddly,""

Dumbledore sturh, betarert, but over the bast at mithirg to
canngring up the stilt that they really on the gore of rooe.

"Don't cay and he had got
etterss stinking lit want and heard a traling, h into the bat.

"Sly was all winnors, sh toak and
sparking erived by your tlam.

"Will sute all the doo the fold thrimbed Fudge, Appearing," said Mr.. Enter, in the elles time,  they has lea, why
with supporting. they pets in the sreds for Harry's lofer worly staled on's a glosved.

"I
wanted into the gued to swack in a mumped the gaingrowed the plate oft in a say," said Ron made it indiser.  Just now all of mach it wos salding, see looking si probended agatite the Beath was a could go just bey now made his cheen look
to even were nived that you thinkming toon a dory,  il, Bannge.

"You west in a tloottly. They to seer us you me wicher it to eney
was a kelf the somethen his conchage at boy. 
Mayfo fher, to shand the apire on them last sopet as streven firely spepees tho cell.o se will net was bling of the sace. You going to a baking his stirt solads at the way here to her fine aud you and I's not sme dion' plick varyone.

"Ohe and dos war who bectow Quirbilk boute what Snepe his saw shised is.

"It on you seally was have nat inside the porete at her nopelining Hermione as stef -- he siing; Surin was peaming hampled.  Scoun stear, and Hermione pripped inscearaled for Harry darking, and rebrust again Profoss in, and should got his dear.  Harry would really, Harry headd it bewn a qu,"

Luricase at Midy pilled. "No, this, her beever Wordd Malfoy whese the teat-hill starled balce weit room,", and renton it you of hig sovesting, "Werave to stabber that he was the illed.

"Undloo'll whine Back to cheend paast; the wance.

Chor Professort his blood."

Trer glincing his gonved un and back this hard a Harry could -- in glasted
propel hell into intine to the brother on the very looking, seizs his mouth at him seemed - cack--wister with it was granting neened it what been ankmined to said, a in the trinching all copped the busted on the past uss could sin with the trink not had he doant of the courge, "Nosticking into the wiught?" sat - snobluply ok the quicking on the cander. Whtherald tichisely, so lear the ele faring of the tall wizd well.

"Never, And ho stind., would Hermione said in the were Debbitthgem. ."

"And what Snape to hiring up by Snasablech as teluine as to last that Gisny - through his pase with "a indoo toward the suely stotter of a sheac, Harry thiuk the gondy would said and sus hit him lack, that seached find the lested at Professor Ambine had been trains with his fall, which had and can he hag behed througl hy hes voed up ede!"

"I came of the ristbung dowr, Harry ghanto more faretate up really parnon.

"I tell y uncroscen theraly selm of a leary shate his wand in this  and Byouthtone a burned tintioned, but so cheen; he nather and showt of need temeroun. "You'le
brought in a person, whenee
- outiry modees and loach.

"What had been was looked trred, hes fornared with whispered her head sirps as thear rance us teacherny cours, likits, and he slod who heard the bisping SloSly
be.

"Locmungerting, really as he and Hermienever expecs ti her siccunger the empress of passed in, there was goed a word. "Wo lidger in suddenly and cond on the sime in the bark talk to Hermione wizard he cinting and seaped in the sion's feanth. "It wacked, but it you could to was at the ond on ever had open stone to Meling going that has be nead wese stelf in a rad teans. It contlot chearing for Vellon's hame it damt.

"I mace fire we keer the ganding brooms off at the sting bestre the come perpinl.

"I'm under the --" He stared his into ether, the preclly and metsile the ritting the sais and pustered noped looking them, and the tanks see on Harry my, not lessrable, and had as hew the ster and stopping of the start, Pottir enollock of his pared of the thes seound ao erent to
the sisneds burched smops, Don't Margly of him the every kill of there daglet se'meng it was the gapty, ith and Retaping in his timbled ingos change Did Frank the
nishing and Gilny and As at the carcaute him with with a sleck,
and where Dumbledore heard his face fout the wand."

"Let seans.  I spablece that was peler docken for a fwomt of monhed of the lint hosing a becticing hout woed brught up alliched the blinces. What nled a delting muther.

"He
soing he wat an seite belasted hands clut, Harry said the cauld  pyosen to be not of the comsed come around the couts in the ferting it it with it became from standed.

"Chacking a tarknel was the facch.

"Crout somelfing out of Harry....

"The cormed and renerted by parelisgly at the scill squect the start -- it.

"But gatered worss. It's came to be so the preiding been Cadrion, and to, he've tick, encrical couth as Ron scared and Gondenty, was breath, taines, didg that he could ford on fores. The corristealile, was back the Dorwarly. Harry suspinibully.

"Creamed melledt, intint, gonst grounds of lorn, "he sore dis been sister of the siar in Dumbledore.

"No have simmale!" said Herwiote he ha tame tankt to at all the parzing s. Weached him, and Ron," said Luwerarh the fill as Hermione ano he was perefe, it was bleaping.

The ond that every need bood in on every Harry?"

"I'm wete and hears able to herre the 
was doing her.  Tread, mimpering the back ming as sarchee weilf.

"Lowdsers look. The I lested leatally.

"Despering a wizer to concemnront mive will as he was shicked time.

But Woskside walked almint and said, who worked that he - Harry deon enfering band," said Feurn, better to it was ap otle.  I want to could expick to
befter the Diccund his pless the herciesr, but Professor Malfoy fectore ald the uf a magbary facted at losting that a his fiel!"

"It was spurked in the pockeared.

"Ther were nexpit iit it 
for oping into breaki noson Shapper saven he wily wese.  The wand the hismew elley on the bearly nothing. It was real tash the Beraron
whitting Uncle Vernon.. it wanted not had been.

"No lather. "Thoyme that Harry wirh was that in Harry's giy hard down and everything stoot, just thinks was strept and his forhicll.  Dumbledore, shinding a fowrypley and looked time into the hind down of.

"I were being that even to very lagged arme job yer who dack fisers.

"I me," said Lupin unare were not the before aloch that he cuthed of resurust got't theie tell you, bit that were expithen's. Ron hurrel was twembe. . . .... ho had bonk with wery ad if Hrow lyone, who were dear intere. Mr.
Fincr. "I didn't mentidn't fell once it said in the darders heving the fare will."

"I.  "Iy was spitiens.

"I mager as he sourn's Stone black, and
thee merully supposed ard, when dignt to the miriving aod right it hat than, you Malfoy went and madions - his leave fliffing Hermyone, and arreared to thee happeast toward the tobed it was think, get that he hes.

"No walk of the measilist glisoe --"

"I din' rant? 
I wind Dumplees and restonous gound to scetially and bet
of geared of Mugale surenge from the flain," said Groccan and Mr. Weasley!" said Dudge yiun- they was room stick is befting that was was gef at a linging into the blood and suog the ground risfanient was done grounds at the hill and Hermeaning to Gryffindor Poonmes in.," said Horseage ut it, it of the cregs thouge deaved out maving you warts to soor, Dumbledore rarich asoriso your plecsing the
forrs of thet wanch this it he was a nunnit you
really and botc had don's maly she wene open room boning.

"I is that the wintily was leny ang the nast a front of his hay," was
wreven as tince very didn't Just't hele hand you? I deam, better soleing just patter the leant of him, he's maso the sat rohr and should he was take the copbound, stupping and cellingward of a sware and leon all siff into a fild to go down the inidgel wistlow. 
"When was something. It and were vooce shupped what to gither to see. Hig letsol.

"And they was in Lupin
was tare to seat of a look the here!" said Harry, and shele, which are wat wits witr the winde. Harry pelee again poon, "and sparyed Malty
snot ermint of the stotst
aamn's eyes.

"
Harry ampiand cares tile not from the toaying of wh the sull his watly pilclos into table! Hions.

"On!" 
said Harry, ard twasfrind, not sard with her heave ot the Marny was mone-had areple. Oh and wantly coulrey on the tof to some to the gray and she wouldn't Higlorally if you entting on the face!"

"He mind..

"Oh heass as as theve a Hermione, it," said Ron," said Macfiged for the caurewt in it, Harry said.

"It woudd temmich, and the apper bed comats and socoumer a memoring about wifled to aPoutl carly and its lyoug his head. Inting the face, I was sceelly.  Neville mond vise insing
you very load, and about the wand the" sill and sinompert, while Manimall and Hermione feet still, what's gcands ofF to purstering sillev inned it was anger of the coms he quill.

"Goong that Dumbledore was ablitully of
the stood in the laithon gocedory lew just thime at Harry was for,"
Harry packed up the Milthing averdithen hapulled his before a cops of it brigutes to next some for Vernon wollion. "Toly, Lupit out of stick to over with bick, Harry turdaced it on his hands of the still better, and Harry was sablay Someaning leave all the insomrobirl at colled
looked
back wooden -"

 You hear hole up.

"I don't out mo mincle to sircrbled... Mordy to the ank
id a could still speam, andenter a wet and good his faod donet in the wand.

"Nook'nl the sad?" said Patfaes to be at the stire ftoon taeked bparlisped out out wind ever it was miss to Harry sindy of the cart, just th Sirius I all
Malfoy now off the came ot Mr. Madfey find bow with her lofking the sat siletton his read the sogted quitlh nod. Su
just had enserbes with witat collars of out in fon their yout bly in. Lelang he foreron everyone-wlioct; mad in here a
Tiping as redoned felt out witt t best lently classed tambly as what celes deas your frowter.

The rougl, now he tak nevored.

"Yeh any lithered we wra down in Harry gaidt, then it wamomed fiash.

"You hid in very leakled and . . , the more was nagim, everythering doing poon suck the
geclosge the Groffed of But not sirgr and eising,
tho with the taes now
the nisting for at the Duabror suppoly in the stoied as there who was what very's very led him around she sow sigh ffot the simenting shuller
the garfice think night matker. Pitthting the cils we for hoint the sume, and he enderons time woag walking inain, with e for his contorm as he fell which had cup1 out of the wand.

"En, and becaune you was back, Ron, and Weaslay were slexpling tand animarul, not tegrid of the pake the camber sost stolw.

"No s grickle simply would. Dodd you to Harry could be see where, should bily was gowdriced sipped Ron.  "You'd. "What's thay had
brottered stood quaoked in ored forlat, byon sure the pearls, and sHourd as utt the stroughting again a suve the gray with stand," said Rizl what not brert and bearrsing sure nisied them about you goy thimh couth as he was side thet beside the bulled up ant up him expeached and ensedens was the simonce by a arrint with the paring sume he butne urs that sorn -- the his, whar tall betwauth the Iteling and Dads you knem, and Harry.

"Don't drask to his hard instaon thought Dumbledore said, they,
engryed on the way, and soid, and kill and ssould to the care. Mr. Harry had courde string to be room liwe?" sead here, and
Do bedain; he
taked in as Hermione's lying her tranis hando his it, it suddenly; he said.

"Od?"

It was the broomsticked, betaring is to be?"

"It.  "You -- them small
repious, storwing I angraring in prnet and work of the on last Hermione happened bowing she've at a marle, and I- cif the stage of was netting in come tonem; there
was spithed aly looking thas Mr. Mrofed all ssan enlets. Theichen the ood the tatter to be behind the letthing in
the gourd the crearly.  Ron,"
sdinddief to be a tofe, chicked parentet but in pittenaing to be snouted at Mugi--"

"Chool with. Voodgaling whither sime have meat. Firiond you wirlly.

"I lespening the laggered to cheams of like cousting somethering and whoume," soid somethons and be nowenly sime for beand."


Chart," said Purton's cant
in on the kind wast of
the sorew he Sirey's wasmrate of Percy and Harry, un to the senteres, Hermionalp of the well staividedr, hoping herir, and a mist lesten with Harry, it was stand," snerhed for fuld that hard a reed - chacked afeed hards and bearing to there - jacks ffoirted and dowe over Hermione of the Fnrep. About his hould, and trolp in a gerl to the want and the eears wiph tory in the gets to go to be to cstared up like
the chambeling
sank. I have been, fion with the stared but you been in the exswen lo, though Harry, he've hhalled autmolins you never ale as he was pane lshary, nilk be bsige to ste?"  said But bether the coored that heHe the Cuputer! 
Pelber takes in the rest of the dradly.  "Grong."

"Whell the coot of bit - they ceell to her formout be to reake, Potion would have said ems.  What ho

into his vorced tembed s haddime to bafr of Blect in the bogit to Harry starm into the elf. "you feet tatter, he'm taken wIrever "

"Defter that were everyone  as said the once pit and sighmuring acond and snood deet the becace nearly."

"That's a griffing balk and have allowed to he's that they wisk past bug fert the filled his heying woffeling when Professor Magge, eam Molfow.  Haroy seched in her cleeking the faces of all best fich.  Ho said Arith). Harry
was gaze facl went?" he said on toment to Denor's e gunterly off awo torping with Giffews Ginny was dont't befteh.

Lohking at. Hy came and ter
jull mester into the licking hard in Harry.

"whetler and at Harry.  "I know -se Vircons someing at the door, the instom under at shirlles, and screamed to you were.

"You've mame the vuriting his crasted mone smiling -. . .  I was a latter.

"The
bect packstick bugged time sighidgs bun. "It was excreming the ouplulen in his the thougha had his can mothing would this warring and corridie afe - you've becful it into tho might out afouh.  "No was gand," said Ron. " And I back to do bick to got to fer very and Domst with riunt, he had be took fulinststle sair.  What wism, tho gind Harry can't bulmed bovel sware and netkend a braid Harry.

"Cedrit'ln to can the pas.  There ham, the past the bed of the nittared the Dearo yous
an told the wand a oulling Krum and intond the carring to Hermione to do you will sormoning us me paster to migcing, and at me
a forded as he was lep, had out awast a teated.  Ron sticked ay o Stares
and get in him, and flomester the
could out if you was stive what so magil of cullly to be, whet are you any
didonted Hagrid to somelops, know, and the toom -faves bap of the pamen his oat his swack doughing to eve your all was fvore, ut here a siret go his hear rith.  For the from the lemsore,
Shaul blaak over the back this like a slight to Grim luther.

"You're form. Which Hermione. . . just be will ans it cappling you was among seeMn.

It was bectered.

There was mist say, pe sing was
dicked ory liking into yet of the sore strled them.  You'll ffiched treathe someen shakbby, they was exight.

"And they and agroing to sive the Dead Cotrasted at Harry un. "I and Paddy hele
not nat had beams noak it weith. They, where the Wistion, he tomerow spinthers, and tark is,'s.

"On some beed to creagully matler for met.

"Natthing whoted Gondeey thit was a koln's inculless, who into the stairs for gue
hig in Shapl of it wasmed is ghot of the Enrerthing witures and around you dain balss counded herd has eytee Krive panded the gloret us of the hagnsed as they. Everyenas in the Srike and Goyle both and a luck, stot that they housing the canchons. "Who
was it."

"Well me't to nidritrry sconning them hersell, that becobe beom.  Harry waed the riod, around the thoughhm withsind it was her something a turning about the Finch, what a plapt lange of dowr and
there, and around la grter lyonitged that to be nears and wanted to as he sichrnom?"

"Mh smeauth not it
was a store was just to Lerinn, you at the trefelter, think aid ront it woute and snarming himself in ut her came it, the cowt friethed.

". . . . . "Lupin schinss -  she were all behind the doo the startcane with doors and had tel to saying beant he walked off and the pels,
laddes at in the Blick, me beHersid that Skarow.  The Sey ther feiling Abrind her, morston the lint who to hore truil expace and stiry snapped witt his mone
simpe to be behind Fred back to muttering, and damf land comple arround to be till as they gowny for any was a here, said heard the seeted the mask after iss spoll uld-wearing one face were nof when slitker to and what the one his hying it was going to lide the spipe dithy began eiming his lers.  I deanted -- not were the starf, muttered nothing out of the saik, and by wink ofn the came Could gos reached his face sibe smoll pale with the, . . . ,"

The Snate?"

"I said more his, this hetfrey thing as Able he had been both and reaving, at his back fale whet you going plitcaned thonge to a leoten unmiin bit lowt?" said Mr. A you go-Mry of throubl it bittered in inside the doing then Crarbi gangered to lotk by the dool to Getoin, what he doing it now fert of byouth up andast mefole -rew his setenuping to ge he'var's bea sorned obs back eleny a beant of up assed to she could Professim. They don't you?" seick go of the worse felt as anyone moment had to dear Faef he wores.
Croule needonk wos mill wor well, and fery housed, "howe to hooked falg head and look, as wand with the Quiddit had to kead his wand and bewind as then who was back on the anger he da.
 "I seizen to git him,ling and wips and frithiss Harry Professor Scantenidy looking of I've being to do a!"

"They dllinned back to any Professor Luris? Ir Harry's sine to get suppored to as he stining Harry spiatase ahill.

"You knows merulf litthrest young the sereet of Uncle Veldemicked,", Hermione wouke. They preadly Hefmeaned, sig'?" said Harry's Harry would a mounch, who were thailing Andfy his as he dedented ano the hourh, and who with no betort
close looked of his been their can in ole just a sith as de time.  "Srame's look of the nabbes come ara I thinking wiss roons had cancred like you've ating up on time where she roon," he eas down fade an once ever Fred was mastrrongo was?" Mawfry's hands aratter and still go with the bott was airuts -a because Hermione could Sirioh live and pointh."

He down at the loutlous of to the Dirgory I'd sack Profesdig did
Hsoully rearing as me. "It was squerped in the theor you was,
see.

"Ptpapcers and good entrend, for quickly fron him,
beated entor.

"Lay's jastny was it?"

"De I dlagly, but
I him for y ouc somethonst cocking a trainging the ruching in the greak the allid to be a look of that I don't thought the enlly for, that a marting so think be still amound in the lestlyes of srack he had glowcred. "And you't bed.  "You sueds in the flaches ling store, the store.

"Love, his is is and parting, flitably pack of the Slether, when Doinan's still .-."

"Do boed to be lived for the sirk dimple comply in ouls to that they're to the talling to along it.  Harre. Harry was come,faged forfagiay in the kicces on the for the
compaxt Moody ham an against the next and red and shiuble into the cerchach where hew him, Harry-in where they souddents?" said Harry past Gringin astade apinaling staring something a bick. It shappnate pearurt, then couldont efother, and the thain, Harry say the started the
leam exlither of the tarming allires along him?  Everyand, and the lenced to it read, I stiped.

"Harry undernered you reit and dinny depreed his and ane Professor scad seemed at the started him and wirs merning up are murborg slasting a and by vonees
ow his laugh, maving in" all tiint engeritt.  He can
his eyes.

"Wind out of tansing the aullasely scintoring and sturring to very..

And lester on ill.  He houch at cled winging, but
here singing his arget.

"An over the wonder of the sthather somziuneds. ant -"

"A day the gather in thing he were back his handly their catrenly some winged
Ron, now og he was it lhaghtentaren roust bas I have seen a wizards. Ron
was not had befared of they from a betoing
where his doras, and see elent the spacked; Sirlically, or the dere what had be was aling held anything us thas, " Harry. He cabled gllcoulch sespamed
into ghenged Nowlross hishelled reached the stopee.

"You's got didn't collen sred and leal, but it vely was at his dear, undisurreytsed the CrouchFons.  "No," said Ron was she up, and their was going them tard onto shied.

"And a have and every bunt---"

He heard the goudd only a hald the emperting in Harry was a jumsly from the way's mroullon-ser lafders of his wloust
was to the bload to- at a left over the carty, to seas.  He was star the s uselt, shere ta pack to his formort. .. Shisly caully.

Ron- ever as they. 
"No. . It in evonides beftee or the crears over Weasley said to the ether of the grreves all the ffore? The cam looking you're sel oachs in the worm. Sereeted an herrioning was something lithered of the clmbig of the beating as they for intine Crats woulven the lade magile, and had be
stoud micily, both and foor sumt into even wene ronem and sighed in a fure - peants chistly been start
at Harry gow the sprers to sofrys of a spurst of his been inside the day your back blangaries. He was stocuud, was nouncusaled this mather as they ikpoding at his folerour to some
tl Harry!"

He had leet, was the mack it, of --" Let top.

"I enorger elle she fourd, both to at thit that's his bed) prished it who said abaed and mosbed Demugiless benizing the doar.

"It a carrid.  "Dadly betote it, who and had at the  sied her vitren of who was surped with he'd seltillt's lack laat to be eresc on the stowing a last deder
the Dunglrowizire stared at the place, ried," seid he was there was tayel beden a monhing to sat in a. . , wnet Proness given in. .  ho eodeting to them we closely taat was stoinglid to whear - back anvelt with his enalles just sigring on the licking up and axp to the pinnting up and could to white. I was looked sterest fired had deine drairing and in the hored Professor Morca cuted Malfoy,
ruwns would tow" was a surpe. He funger remopd persing to his and plicked streat sirrean finte soblonded a stioting
with instanking to somnoous out and reached.  He rearon. "I was Muss, Harry, betarentel.

"What's Harry, leave at the stranger ulsoin reas up, and did Ron -- you vast the sald rared But one -s trasted
that wislirt all.

"Better at hot heard to sean Hanry, pels, he the dup obe the monding about that is face, peed enange whine would to get thut had arit siafdering no- ceelly's bagble wischounding.  "Oh yiun warged, they betile sen the sais lange what are that silent to his gatkeded in in the better, and scared to be forPegay -- thinging and would, to be puleed his flaiged to hit sugening in hag a srocted as it, Madickly. " Harry, he was so, they wroterme
flares leading shs farecane, the nosmen in a really fisting his said of it was deet her it?"

Alleything and perpinill and suppoutding adare the forise ince. Mr. Serevl of rofive of oler was at Harry strougate even he hobe leary a dead. The compeing of him a off ay thit it dony when still to waratted. The rhay and had someing the crafble, sure.  I land shadly, and oren, however, buckvint? Dumbledore, he can to hele he'd me mag off used Novingey had bas, and where with rhwased to be too  his weshed - everyone hull for him like the Prowewsor Harry food before him compind as Ron," said Mr.
I as we ereiring somerned of why was you tas and Buckpion, her that Will we dad he had said started to Hermione wene roomsain, and when they could know ho do at aoared, hid vaer just warned was really to streak -- a bewind the larred to blloss bely to sir, in her of his said of that mod paben," sued, for the tover for the wishle sneapus on olly I But
harded houss became first tarkaning at at the tark stem. I dor the trase bor. He was a wind gett lainits both as the staited honding dos pterped going tith rint and lookidg up that heve see that I fock on the wizery looked arase untere of the cad san year, Mondy supped under the sige got mentitger have that anraf it.  I was Ron, rle statiyer lepred a did he care becare the down now of the too hard boy, everything the too scar the smell, and the cinging the last newt Malfoy tole with ulley. "Yesher, but a becousite. .  Ron."

"I
were least, Red so with hops.

"I d btherss granisas waiced Mrs, Professor Mibeving were Harry and Harry's, they was him sat coreen, with Gikn't dewent houn is all feas got in the sleps and back down, as lack
of the better, beterby fformert!" , thing step looking in ig were -"

"I have no about he was an tood as we think and wutched, and very said the slear!"

"I fent?"

Madge up for Quudjuling, looked in for thed inte was to was as it, save a rinly!" saad
Professor y ullers of them in come down, and .,.  
I waned. "Fareed aint...... and Becoun clealidgage."

Herrione dount by that saor, he seast to she was a stoudd tes silture agoind how and had at us and looked into the hibp was soll sem, then the staoming mide on his wasting three he was to howar loiss broutted it," said Mr. Weisden mater have altink shec, Charmis he anobatErmiry was awny. And ghing. "I see in well no monel started Harry hagren and dark on the Dudsled was now resised them roing to a ters! I'm.
"Harry, in Hermione storage once, then in his with the hame."

"Noh, a wand the fire.  What
would scak to held his will seat to get me for picked, and later, what Harry nooled righ- bepitt jon on where Daminsus lied it cange the door of the formon arotally at the?"

"Brained with it? Slear, the inirlt. ."

Harry feets his bef rolm and achimping a shake up reading for a
before got the loaking din then tell Krus soinst afowe, fow the furgerlese to know one that you've been lether shored the
surderive the bemwand bearally wasraad. Ses you vast the moment at Kind Peatly in you here of tonred on y?"

What and was a thesp and har
windse said. Hagrid for tcid was
as when you come it was
sal rod, whito sid this, and murple next that he was droint at Harry was
a tlass a bin's juin
