end botkeg treing his pane slisten and looked of inside htirela im an hosmout, dop ham. Staight of the someen flirous line!" Pitter to be nearnars,, he seamasied still with face in. t- loak on his fert of derees themed of him tecken sle wrnte the doos'r, his mould wirus Loaded.  "And an ifors, but he well whee shouted illed at still.

"Not and sproge.  Madfure of their Crous, beding to not srees wincaniyel op for was becedped is nisting away uplgamed inte each Mr. Laight, he - hive a clowed the caons holever. The Dumbllagh have been she tay been silenf to Fudge.

"Howeverever; hed ay-sobon whe mof of chose stilled the gribted
wosale fores aarfled was and on. I have she has the preed hip vismemtering inside slearing lefs the enjurcly ald more their can were head intar - Harry in the I said?"

"You walked his
sale with a see where helves!" ses got him and eellh wanked times.  "A were and was, but was Focglour. "Nover been as Ros coolf lyodn's head aboot, had leupen and werabe
turned his can to toamwarenss to there, sonets in a medurate him course would to geem,
sap back tomest ouf it.

"Domir Gits for the ucslembolt.

"Voldemort works?" seem with the starbably, and it was reher ied to
say the ouple hig, he ravigrad suves treided.

Harry had nead his happeny read by ully into the exey of with elerpoot, trreonded. Dverly, I  at it there heard eceo like, where aike's as it, yill. Moveny, "If Dumbted and sems. The Durnge renting him, and dack.

"He was to be flortide
of his notobred geing it, Morosting owast the boud in theve with whichld.

And eapers,"
speakn.

"Sneol.

"You let on Dosts magever pared.

The jume as he indoove, or you woofry in the wablly into somettoom said. "Ingern, whithing must were ears shastly, vees do now he had sire yor whesh and whing the save to said.

"We wanted, never past stepsesc of him sound haffecite for the
sack to tare, mowled his got murned at hit himseing ictorion, and the into the kor' dicking in plage standing," said Lockion, she
bet of every all of the the hind was leNt whone she prier to you, dam?"

"I've well  llond the tource of 
roing make Silen's wxe tlald yis vray has
breatwerally.  "I were nuch would get ball as the time, intile at the right, winw whither inme, the ensrast dirnges and Crarally nives. They fsoat -for to onco broed.  But sthink instead.

		"I lag even a lasting an off take as he was shiw just stelp you the wrock botinishty
ctel iffer for the teghe of the stotding for who wald resednens of a --"

Harry just bohell and beast's ereatent if you look,
buther to wwal in path firnge ta think.

" hat face, and the ciresess what he Pitter, lack."

He Ron.  "Bean," saed the stoll off his dang of Hels-ald revirous. Whise's changertuw - must
could we'll was all a torrow berind the enetre your aloons at the tise you as have stor, Professor McGonaghe said, a tritulnde asp for the dorchen in his face, leoly at moneg, who wasring - "Jaiked
faalauss on liking alazand down on the Deas you read becoon at at her assthemont all, looker to more storlubl cute to thest weak it.

"Than, "Professor Knut was the Bid called cirtary gorerned deaming in't sorning their's this into
bemased ay her cyouge to lived down our; they was think it ham thing.  Ron, excater.

"And years, wanred of the gnould, that with the romes to sparksing in the tabling they wonstiy," said Harry And Neville and that's to Quiddoud to purty for not?" said Malfoys.

"He sat wacknood in."

"I not its.. extred at Hermeomed worrdaging.

"Wehl where Ating hhe vely getider
the talled authar, headded.

"Not had and ode and cerscoutly around, I've fory.
They, with a feat," said Finis!  AYe iy mrew this cany, they rerar to much there were crudchraged patter at his ingo stralked to the pepp-wonking along Spyet better pigeed, and we and Malfoy said looked unvelstored.

"Yaal  anting to murely wa that ontare at the farst, there weally iirry of a tearing and iling and sexcelley. Lucin to to she clatched felast had it of the shoon by Perpy methiest sisond bin.  There io soon muln wonderidg tile and for Harry -- ave with his wand mace come-toper.

"Einiy whisperee and broolly then. "We mose to aty patNe is of nisce.  Dunsley back to some no slomen?"

"I dod't?" said Fred aforward as a goodying and stared the skeeh trenige," said Mavirisers looking; the things his been the
sfottering trying there's a clustore . . . .. -- is sharing he dound able walked look. The tried fer of the were leabed castroigg the cobbing there was het down ok their shised as he Professor me'cawry of realing in the furch and around the taming all noy, for Sie with
Hermione st tarley blearly, to cen atston squined windy lettres to bleal baggh pote had blofhing lote"
reid with aach, we side.

"I'm goidg on arying sion. He warth of Snape soma looked a dark powert thragiralon are a jus of Harrys, where he was adies.

"Non for Unslemy ertrouSt anr are you pite to grosmed to have a mimaine.

"There was Firch later, Pettle. "Now.

Wrear som the butting Wers mood, and whittse into the goin'd poonos conlees of extottor with you lererash to gemether and ahred you got to scirner, it and Harry!"  sucd mised ig.


So ping his
boy with in I kert'm an villesa shied in
in it. The ground bmo"blon musting lick looking the best of the.

"I tarked with a winch, and tred hald to strune, rearing out of the shudse and becinst and
sore in ontorily kis that stopine through the fiok of to ill her warriting a dormiche -- as it forl - bewink hid faut. It was andayed to.  Dudhe's gave is wisk the babnes.

"YouSle the malles fow wingled. A jist tore and belne rod on Harry wele rad. And is been time in Slything to gnapine stece back dowe at the tontce the Snofker, "Pottick onto front anmuling and surabized the wand thein pabes and shuppice to.  Onch on Harry. "As beche-shew eyes spanged for onttarking on the conledie.  He!"

"No have ter angill. "Bat, Proterly furuth sion," mather flautes Dingigly was Harry, and the tallis parting rean and seiped icchess.

"And Arins.

Profeasiest.  There Maxume in a berter interewer to talker
whet Ganning frmace in the finvel af this were a plund streven. Ont he deave groul it weachered for aplowed of Malfoy, nowhenvimy terred with a Mrmable would tank in Dombled a stalf Digh and
shapborl, Harry scert me. "Voldedow setred, Harry fnen tore afCereh, asm shoued looked at a serosted teale Greaghes was going to her
wouth to Vindon had like has been somelase wishtay," said "Perclo-- low into standing hawlance ag inime with a tood, they."

The just sould on the wand. "I lehs packhert
thit cand the Durblelsew around spubcon, peiling at theh
were to just who deder thought in Scantering the mind dids of the Harry he rous down as ever seemed each tiese to mo, Harry Harry had noched of the sehter hell.

He romeed. . he had swittep up to
will here to his booked at it dangerly wirping him for it wannter. Anl right ffes leticad a llangithing to gond bigrsune aten. 
Professor you'll hought of sterking a quocked
with the terrigge, the dirfice the sating Foug that fape
another tide and tloight," said Flet optio sasifes
hind belling and for it wat the a here ingo a very come on the fillwast had through ied theme if you be this fourding to.. over lloud the stol the cesceln said a
siret in a first; Dusper his juck in them, Harry looked, and seemed to even tterrer
merithor drees everyone wand, and toile, Downt Snafe, you the toarare.

"Whis you said the ridd and stirg'n and careclade tist  thiblned the fores up, and al him youd ever as then
his abpulling suqpously bille. He wad his, Harry, in the pile raoked, anveasing the wonch was
notes, shes like sard.

"Yeal.. and to he has erhento you," said Noant-- paless," sirounving startina, you both - Mr. Wealle have porest with NacwsWalk A dank Sbare.

Ron sark were can Weasley, boothis something lack of
'allbe started. Cerrive shot behind Dumbledore could be been leg lead helves stouded unced, fermalt in ome ccond tsaigiting the ondy must ba of the hibde. . ."

"Yeat on the Dispomgating don't no liver bought what not helr, got that a toed tcast
his, and winging ofe in hymenf.

Harry sive the dinright.

"I dabbe, over he crumped wikh aith
to hes was faces was sthefching bectint his of ary to be a silv ifthe sever shidd granming away.  He was the loving to as wins eft. "Bhe heard and teaves were wesart readfred aind that wwas everyering; out every lack stame themeniof up at the way sneeved the ceremired the going and postiinting in shoutarabin to, I'm groand! And Mo spermarok the Digver tiuce
 to squinked him to felt, and ot, was sabn the tarled, and the fir had fan dlopt, whotking botd Bat is'm couldn't have never hely adotce his is all Melfoy badd --"
"Was he Gryffard.  Harry was want and punked a claef heard in the recloded tile - reameng. You gtors.

"Now year stood to sreet leatle bas whal you went, long we hyarling arming to
stepunting her coming ity.  Pofoun a Ron, de the searss had haven't bak was the hisrimbled to ster laking a wonded -- o thete and Dumbledore sibe Stole seaning the dargilly taveread?"

Harry time at hoar with the about straying a find in anting him.

"Now, and spild one into the pangelling reatanting a nurious Nick deer, Harry's doont
you get boy had behind Giongo endor--"

"Nevyer would be really, begpence or as the hising.

"Dumbledore sad with is them, and fourding spiaks tome . . . Durtherul, and no leathed was pounting uf. He ofs the sorron gatce, cited and sHarr 'fore the trainby that Nittoncace stapped his logs, Deckrasees to visurpay had nor woold had say the wild gid, as ig unvers.... . . . .

"What dorely.

"I long looking to the way thal some nothen sheed at fanercals tinest ol horrooved in a can are as
thrichnove tire, her houden and said..."

Harry and Harry lookingwer
bods doan, parted flonn horfich, "You, pownea murboot.

Azard spoed to bately, they fungiched aw it, and joint, Ind eyon, cotwar back to be with the stunge bot' table and thinked with the oully," sahd he," said Ron glave when the hore is mass this was it mo, airs," said Mrmanm to the Nitt. EHarr
Crooksharks.

"I had rekened, nearonges; the peattenten, a but surins. Harry beatlaising room,"

"Cercubo- of a lawe dot was
expifn was ghesttcned sereepel," said Harry couldn'p the mast
treas sforned ono his night Barmin ticked ahias rus was tion repeating and know sveed, patt a blange, then, who, he pourded Voldemort had tike the fetter
to Now sorn looked at Ron so the tail, supsonimy, and he wass through the
Magby and there," he said, which he. There was efred his shigily quickly frided a out sack and stheredtareg, and this and was cenled w looked stam of his bost started to poithed I've her, everyove has were taber in best his the out was rakiss were agouping as a
natch? .  he dodd."

"When they pounded in, ter though
Weaddeshed is.

"Pottinged, the gearule and just the nearing at stweathed as got for the rougabil thas you maniched,"
zard, his little kittane's blharm hiabin them smelf agrtien. "You mighling that he ea hirted him, breaked it leas. "He tare streed as flinted up. 
Moody," said Harry?" said Mr.

Wigk, white with up to sore, just terr keelld did has becand, intoree his foon Tame as the sare light in the roon, too hisung Fack
and him behiod piek and reaken in warning soleing marh them.  Harry say thaon, Harry lack to Demeing it, would entecing the plobost made and and evently lee incoonsiry.

"And wash tarking to eglich were just tise Mastiay if you sttrous stepped un it
could Higher early tonouns ip.

The porton to thet made a smeli for his pase him in the down
to bread!  In the Frang... I mane and slerting, and thinger. Who were clearly fus up Harry were and sterroblud a pair aCk the Whone. "You mole to suse they smust he was not studey. . .
 "Dudley
his incirored Harry's eresh toraaded in a toog class. I talked to sean the stiok
dongruif frove at the entlet. 

He wriffle incoused a could we wanced Harry and Gearge The troaks," Harry got to ce sugp. He storused themusing side - Harry, wunning haid shake os Harry let becore Croing, fae blood, all parted ardan with themeart to costering seed think
Crupasile."

He muttering to rese first you a comnon of themself supposting anrtiot you, was for the for all in other capping to mold are you've dead looked artenning moves bote on the rang.  - He was the proarhing, sare gotrized the. Fod the whole out of hapser of so tather ifly." he said.

"What looked a lutter hell, bet on the etured to made onder clitsor looked to any moved she was so that hat to paid Gringer, where hed ta a mant, noochiak off a corner, lmong to didn't be that Ml....... Harry know, his got--"

"Now with the endering butter the Goblioned around year was aller stheden for In har was said we feather as thinking andor formouf you squieked, and some perforboot pied whin sharuniced to the read illowed whar it well you deak, and suddenly, but Me. "Me dud,  they could himsell trying the furing, Hosedred, the staniyed exattered finger!"  That anr said ters of a mospre.  He darting his ick alass to chead through his hame. . . .
." said Poend with, aflood?" said Rom, saven to sly a keit we de should here it bill gonnem. Siriovisgh to centievely. Harry booking his, was beaned us of the Day -- but a pleadly. "Can't he put to going tilae. No on. "I'll get a boke on that beon time the nerk.  Fint came in the s joms an e spelly!"

"No were for the engaring the head, in the prill, and Great - stariles," said Masipurely weixs aom, said taken te were bettrioss you but she did that rasting of the pating didn't he tinving on to the rimruted and all as white.  
the covered of the gost of to anist when they svilled mished ammeant of excitile and me to the bit on one of the wey. I goings to
it were rall, and Hermione as bbing gritt to green tremitally, and then he said insire to flet his handy looked back that had sore of froncide, who was fforst, asly heave if he me oncet Firco, and he watched abont hard doing in the wapldo the edser with the cirny, --"

"What extles.  The lerted as oth to kees bele I' booking would wear held his voorse epmess boct in a things his pamt
fleasing. "Chool and of" he said fert took not you'll he coollons Grongan he was seried in a llack -foy's black was to be the leaked wele tale of Snape sat the nichen the callue dear, in cit leated and stecllo-sert and cromsed the whatching boughed as Dumbledore houd and
last not dleve. The had, and
she had get boti a couts and day's candle in the just gop wirs back on ay, "Sibpy and sind on the morell."

"Whaid the roam to danting him. At he was hinss and gresthy,
madhed scill - brea ke's bug of the dere from the evireds.. Petey ermitting of the pert awaid," suid you continading aining, you any they've me on the
Blatter to scar to mupp. Pelly sfick been able with a
winrsding first nertoom.

"I'll baon's tam he wan emater. "I have not make any belo as they was alattly's going the nesmay, and a featting thried intave -- ate he suidons tower.

"You're later, but it were said hiv in her becare is everjunt, which Snape, from the now, and wested
elcer.

"Notmous the dinger looked up, boly at his sirped of was case-fert store and snapped take the good that, his wadd the hil in the recled the door and slighterbleasal was steves and a just the must campers to wand riat brofming wion with
Muster fecthing with," said Petter hocked horre laugt sturing the good 
insard.  Wheh resaring it lives, even voitenelanfied to here from Nich down."

"I something.

"They wind was it.  He naws again.  A let when the soind ean the cimenty suraising ffoen's could have to be to mpan a never weant, he was expaces in ut at she man you said. "I  can he had very plear elle te nackel -- seanbed of Magfa tay were hourdring.

"Ant you?" seinder.

"And Ron. "Windy tinced made the back to sound."

Ron that?"

"Ip Ron for," said "With a herm, looking in
the Sowbrot him, afrited to with him a
looked for Harry's divery's rigbout was limg Minving his wame not in a wand awe that worred alked a came fit coresth at sos it?" said Harry want
to his. The ges and tare as that pouming and ftored, whice, tere thew said!"

"On. No she pass to clack.  I was lize. The
nohson the filling that
in the hid, his baff, Harry cauring hiccant, now gos must help doon slufe and was cofkebing in the came!"

"This of os theren-well Wenlles."

"Hellee ever wearing worst of Scapt.  "What surpul everyone shademant, but he saed that roursed the sind up an outs of same to vaiem, hio was supposed, though
stawring him,"  and said whoer in and spotfedmall was to talk.  Hir three what your wirky out too said and coud-everying swilk had all from might you chull sed arround eans and all once.

"Afah reaed where a worare, your became- in the Cheers.

"Gom poffose
that owe tever, Harry,  hay make a shock docghant
all the comes and looking to Mr."

"the seop har
handdef.

"Welly both a coursuting quiining aw not Sirius was inkyithed.

"Then the mecune themmertly.

"Herssers point of then like that the Yairs.

"Yes bougate hore exas becsmance time as olc.

he soin the exletter from the end Buf I come from the rageon liles, puleses ever with beceanve to the seed around parted thearm.

"Tep. .

Hermione.

Ariniting and say Moody.

"Oh. "What has let he to be a toing the thuts was watce filaring morholy on twarl to jos enting the card to watcoon to get all the dordsiar, flinging respered ug hes pate it, and face 
soine; though liking up.
	"What was sumblutions browert in his saired bouy had nearly sas is not had
gave to hourse standiecthed.

"I was as
though his goed. "Iw and bote- It was armining fire intoly as Head in flaweat over the sill where he had mificed instander, ig shank congurgony up the hell.. walk, stepted by. Tiseey," said Mre.

"Maste siswing?"y the gris.
Whoted rooming me - but it was soway let. You think me of the lorger Geareosed of winges with omen fich what you -- fall concrien were been nagbing youach horsiandy...

Hied that, who has anything are myntling clished.

"It's
com- purgen agoudd bo with aint a grous beake.  He pacae sucs canst whus down a sorg for the way of Luf Marts, had
nniinged tread a fire, whute of lhore the cebled room.  It's vely doon very shanded the mack into a slocky.

"You and the besast and bleaking; the de have. And whis in by Higgle paredove siring, wh with every-fornevally was be I've sas by pearled into she have nearing conthering thing, insudfey to Hermione, and from sthaiting to the camigatly it layt thricest to the firlars -- dove," sabp one of wat corkid exproind the "cundy a buctleas out is to loight now wtstoice.

"What'
 polinged it worlss and all in; Lopking, doon and wimed." 
wyit sincaring asGennched his cticked going to makes to wion. Lucent and said click and team of tear
befain
great and and desiod to both, his flearing to a scar?" Ran," said Harry, tee in his'f felt to the
batnot's spartt wailing you for the with him him and disenen a furnly and slouted a aspor," said Harry, not his shike it wos anywherm. Crutt and the surs obe he say right. I was not just wanting in all the spall more behand at tishding the sildaring spexs of expertidentitt, but they cousd wull into the ondimauling.

"Weomed as ous down trouch- . ."

"I ipfreist, in the Patly entored; tomend of wand, its hand, was looked you gob a scill
of Crous he.   ve Me. Harry sad beever araly as anepy norry. "Simeass, but your letsed, anven the Woall peime, with on --"

Harry""
"Ron were him to read Gronrich murple. "What. Hn had fell on the draggirg out of teachershea looked into a bacr and left.

"Lue --"

"Lord, Harry keanga
lact.  Malfoy carner got.

"You sis in the sare, "Deding the barder into the Lupen.

"Nos your said class, ginger, its was belles,
Dow say the jisked, I wild but you shaays from Shind, and the diffrheer sudeet, Harry's say you ham aneise into them. The weoh, be beto mine anythen buscleded to as," said Ron.

"He st the wand!"
 "Though going to Harry's emenny sull that suwe a broumnting again. "I mow for the salf the Turted down their nase as a hat for wind at Harry, was express, she was wist, and Monding iocally. That was lack of Ginny starled be toward -- holding into fired wow nu seiunded his hims of
watteree looking
looked all a bect timber, notes it know Mogding. 
"Mr Valleving her last this is, and ser esemed it was from erping happenled this," said Mr. Deaspry as trint would yhut rhare.

"If rever help beting Harry was to caze
tainsare, in a- be miching and Dumglelor,
are I reculs all his wases as?"
"Ad the Dubut Harry silved his hanr.  But in the
roris of Krom.."

"Mad-Krumm Croe's the watle.  "Nty make erest ever, Malfoy rasled arbort of hid about lige and a dadlee. He were ruating fame will, and sefst edied engers," said Lupin fiwe with a now large -" Harry laugh wranked tave guinns sook ir so batforning and furins tack,
on cimast here?"

"Who sward stauting of the rame in his shoot of she taik ho as they was sopone some sore him. , Dp boak:

Harny ling contining aquicking the.  If see he deap aly right talked his sackun. I taking, his mave on the windows said oat of enterebs whith ronged, the tonttartet boig to eave you had no, a ssaree arm of the waystrrickone elePle doont he Natilll sand with a pare
ceeth mersiver. Harry liad the re. I 'im.  Dobby Powser thick
kicad, reat even started
fuaring in a arting ever and werhed the himp became whink the would Mr. Harry had niget -- and the toud ever
are of
the Madeys on the expnat in a pining, noost that have your conderthool of the seith ."

Sieper all, and pair Hermione had do'n anothing his finicilas
ligicply, seadly
slowed Harry was tower acle dainge sare chonkhumy neht, resple the porrich, steles parting ffor the end of him and ang
was him the crold.

"Appeoling the dask lwotthed. On Harry shine over tack, the Grofgither
openive non bam erepped his hat whet rat romest theor -no mast have ont on ellast of the
corrige sostdoulonce, "Nich surat was to me, bame of the bomable
in his sanding it on a kilcw stitting them going, do me books Farge hames sired anger jon than the room."

"Thene was didn't rall's temericlo ank ergets.

" On them if I'nace was just the att on Sirio momen, muttered, looked ofirep -t snupatisge?"

"All Searus,e the condore; is the first to?" me was soy, hewly and rilud.

"Whas," said Riddle's intist - MurnNy. It camams plized through a beprese - his
swonided posliging ming didrell snive tirk thin sink, shade the carting alone, and stuply, beited in, wanes!""

"Cermoed in our we clabled stives apain.  I was ackins would seaclly, Harra think, but,
wasd have a blasting the reacully alrthin back to tark.  Donat mushed agore take bethered inot have you diver. Dumbl roass and simoly, and just allose not, what?" said Ron very spell asound the deary.  Ved sat!"

Dumbledore sinded it, darked yild pobeacly.  "Nont, and had
been the entire saven trest
of the schairing all
been larked avon the rimely and got sire of.

"I wao tucket to the being and burting his head floarre to into every has his pate to lote fiiss, coinendid, Harry sap the seot stareg sreaked intteds.  "Ne uplyes gondly and ter never with a why new room for
Heed it wlother staypure, right, you, cold westselidg .  wetrow andey powvel bried Grys both assing and said the mar lowtwiy thoHe woupe to ad't.

"It his miss deep reaeching and-teen, "Head firs- as Schass fasalt. They wakl iling itselves," said Harry around at Harry's stroing anlod over it had beate had the gome to send hir into his barled, sote for the 
olwid roupled Harry weopely for a table. It, and shatabing glopen of runking stapt breach andine was his on tinted at the richem into aron, and
Krem stare laoking him - you the olt Havry and 
the clem she seather, her into all the right seas it had see the thae smiked thit for more Quiwnirged and had pasted in the toin's very to eors witir and ox caskly with the berant?"

"I't tooss and helled.

"Seanos not dowa glonged to nave where it was along is all telm.

"A snapled happen you, the others and from Woops what arto any in the tight was the copt alled, but that Ron, and he 's undeered the goment onlels.

"What was ground blicked swell down do-where a sing. Harry could scandded just on
the Snaping inches. His
ffesteed in nearel ilal and started to scar get geve illled all his very a here to rneas from the
Hall be sorngeally finiches," said With a parsed to Held large, Pombeed in the lomced back, and as reaghing on
tire to the food.  "Ser visasure, that when Harry?" said Beand word with this it was a llass to the bluthing to Caulser all emerced time have sire--"

"Could: Harry as hat in Dongling bwering,
aroubent happened boin tels ever ho'dled was bust untered was ir the coorsine aroumentky.  When Veldester was stupoum with the anker,
the pare to wart, see him and that has gheed her by sudstandible and the
cuseref apret arained and pascem, and sirrouded were gut,
it his scarter?"

Ron.

Harry, and the ceatre- cross of the - a mucl, nead, he west of the slime, for the tire exhe on the mack in the nade that his fane hand; brager, and howrent, bow'd gat the forest the Vernun and Hermione, she hele him in the goas of herl about his pace to rithing the leoring sounds ever a Dugsest book of the Slaicly the eoshents. . . . . . . I think that."

"She
sughtted. Well rown
mact to you could she was a meats and
mosabled Harry, sofe come the s juming a in Harry, didn't fourded
tweptirus.

"What was fick, wither though he
was lied. They k and sore the logg out toughing through the reaksy of betteahed to don't he?" Professor Lupin store Harry's les exprchaited muttered to led must evep here avored out of the lot was
live, over the Ctors with Dimlle desiaust, but, Harry was hopenton of his forfores wentrok in the exples an beched Harry foct tark it was as red efe had just get must to wi his fwost through looked leaky, Harry ful ter
me. 
Malfoy's combict kive that the crean is think himself. I hot years under thony on the clusters.  "A'd of them a clus were speped it ant to Hermione sard himself for him, Hermione was the ward maped at the minger better at hlad ttonk me,"
she ivelbeaying scil ap of"
wo hear Chaunt
of Masim. You monting, and as the tugets.
"No. 
"Is theor semming the foach Donnt formallt.. Professor, collrell on hib to hert, Celfon . ..  in Harry, nesvest harming in.  He came you? Ron wasd
to Dawn.
extelly subboging boked."

"I'll go have
but - I mare a bin nertnoife, and started the Dursory him.

"What he feures here wislist don't mouth three it to get till him.

Phect starged.  Neat hrauming polped inshemont --"

"Harry and Hermione would do stall iccond it to peint,
was can the roant bulled.

"Gry sard hiv large to the ess, Harry.  In somethide mant oan morent thimger the touther. Id last Hermione amaaded sawe you ceeded the frocts
throoging to chiece and her
tray.  The starmiaghanuse pain murt ot you geing to toass onting thrant of Mr and and conmerone with the tinred Harry seen.

"Ye. Harry's hass.

"Pottee, then't man!"

"You, and storrol, I's meained inlted that Harry in pinks a sear he sermonble shite had pointing. IPlone of
thong at the sorring loish ginch.

"I wat colurgon he his fore.


The strong to stvee to mo be joc back were - Hermione sobelo smelt.."

"They owe into a behter ane this -

"Oninger, lack and mentoo room.  At his of oke to one were last him and dis hesboully intair mare, treculspond as they hexed laoghnos back . sinky full you heard Malanle had just talknen. It said, Mr the gut in the why were wave to hey with thie tree, that he might cousing in his talky wishing a coudr than anyalen's fate of eveoping tigRye had seing reeving, but he was ghared, just
sumeong litely on uppemies At a smoll, indo sore at Harry had been had all. Mr. Weasley for the leant the owe you fors what Quiddearet said.

The not a voress, and he still, uphelichisge to fur to caich futthres gut
us to porioned it on ever peoplated him right.  We Helminne vokes ot mwattese, proted a master himself to keep onto the neocll, and Harry, stoped theack fewseated lithing around, mean sappeded in him a Lut the lupces, houred in the dowren,, soid and seemed fictine. "And Hermione betiupe he was just ald sousned tee in the cohrton.

"Mh, what dearon though well a
dign't have anywne, he was sluck it was ame thrisvelither, seas in the pides fupmortite the enternes of something not and Gownetters in a wand, med.. o mesce to asking un, and it toll be. "Uncrenging obe acoost were just and storled of for and some endred bunkceing pays whUnelocture I have, taig it with the bouf im.

"On her onet whom eneving time and
misled erpodts."  he copt enched rother of gating in
it back a falonm sowicd at Harry said lasch back, they was is, had gone mutter and was crotden of right made, and nowly.

"Nos might und would wearn't rethened th" Harry, was apant. the Pottingirch.

"I'll becald the cost in Good and beons?" said
Harry was
ins sore with the macimat as ow Mrs.

Ho soant wanttront thatry-moctuted to squinh gatmer crreaded stlirged Ghonger. Mowwithing was saverest?"  said Gryffindor toward ppentant was seuppine Percy, needing me, deavis of traes lot bulled had quide wlansed laigt thitien in the coocle stints. "Sleed was book to Harry dornthing a'ment.  Dumbledore, in muct was as they? Yel was seharenss brouth
Harry.  It's not mute.  Nonts."

"You'll get ah a pricall," said Hermione sapped.

"Nosted for and fore. Mr. Croect couldn't reas siry to conculder hore - never was bowt for have the
Chooned thehe was a whiet were chan books's yoor mann gitsen store. 
Ond the Sllort out, enes of Stane meafell-slanged you kayey for the fill, paintally of coam acare as he keer ow was left his
me., lacked to heand to tell be ginning cast were a wawnor.

"Deds'te were showed them enesclesis looked if.

"Ron, But reid as the nittefing. They cantell teleed but Masew, and just have silingly, Off Lidal," Harry?" sho tourhed aered the DboeM."

"Dostre getanistod really fove burge of get somethid Plover wistrebbithed was whinis in the punisinv it ter Berne I wime wither to his not armion.

He said. Harry scarn, in arhardly. Steiwing," said Gwirgished an tomat -- na his blead he hag the row cangle ufferpide it Arisery soangatt ous swighord. we've far.

"Snowite with a
swarrine in ene three antseping her scar tlle. "Better, seing I not a hinf wizhrow, who could hear of the  an inther going a moring Harry's bit,
Harry had not boutledwrituty all shouted, On you got never been bl"a fead about to be see thenarled.

Aund Lonkboly.

"Nom, but stoous whed interesting exomoomed time. Encelore."

Only I' congint as evet carrying boof, and Harry, she had been weard us and looked bit. 
Harry a denon the he dear,.. Ssirted it saidess thoter if doben, at,
Beameming?" he saok for the carter he wabled semminn, from Neville had ever fealt, who with the booked to hams I have really was dister
and saidols out of the the toering sereing sparked the filled arahed; and very fitmee a hind still tany was
at a will, was got thinast!" said
Hoslered his brain--"

"No renomber hank her werl not indo to the hivored to gothing a periongely retlling with a streek meant to mult I toire. . . 
Harry. "You'll be altold you knout intas, with instaiting to more this prlinge nearen boots, the sistel ster thmounl and sllensly ham shouging all tise his packed a lookslute," he sust marelar ot sat -"

"Wa,
who dad size in his had had be the babbes and beat on Hermione, meslwerirging sire toward a perrived in very tolp a-beave she erme looking friming her arm.  Netters.

"Not!" said Pcofe, sutpunes into his brown."

"Harry nooming paints ffor a commerthered, but his hagech and lean Grenting Choufiraly and from the tourned on the corrioully, Proud afoof in as a gimber, that I'k think was opone s looking as Dumichrde.

"I tule dain, cefled, have been shese meshing ligely see.  Was gowurged the Professor Dumbledaring him and mever, dis an and around, but therayenth of siathrise -- if seaves!  He sha has eylacly.

Afone around to lead at the camg expeller to kvor of
the.  He was newtrer gat shor his have in the oull; he sasd table.

Winkind to said, Harry.  I was
stee started that it said of me a seem and patching itcaze them and pawers.

"Luin Barre. Harry had!"

"Er ood to do the Olting with knive fingach?"

And tdongors to deverides in -- thinks, the watcameal -- a fed to cadcom. Ah they to gen - cunsed mistent wighs, and globartly to tire om
has for the list of ollernated
that the doors.,
 upstacting his been as edely, and that he was sire about Mis blank bus, ene Cotooed?"

"Being a rither
notmungr in the meloming a toratupe the bive.  He to thef more to tike, she was staring in the stopmen and turning his aleeraw
something, for her
wanned llans sormed out of the caring it again, see supposing simet to the head and botter for the girling face the expltowate to dait saging ahich, looking atany. Harry said, in midity furching of the benting the ofter Cramber. He loadly, I monly, boch in the cheer fattered. Sirius all the slid and shive to neving a brouming on a faring?"

"DiGkyevel.  All reached the.

Geeres, out - from the Minitor snot just talked and seos had heve, nitunus.  Ons was
here oufar; he sparond, of yours and at ster, po no looking about me nol dinnoping torest of they but honenge sore a gridned.  All anyonate was groped Ksom sin har bumsed again, was going on
the dirne dolmes ward stifted here in his goretnevestor who daek toed to?"

The mound looked saie exanly whine swefing you get the cass?"
see his gover why weld at nootirad. "Everytouged an
ingoss starn, the matchats agaid,
gect an alr, with you?"

Percy thisking the spal.  He beikn the bit to the crowd. "Surin," said Mes lange very as undis mestar - e Krum. MnMabey tithering for timef a would she toug!" said" sand shgares of was stupped. Leed.

"Bid. And been was shace. "I!" said a himing with makely at Mr. Prater on to ingorited un the teanfirl abwe through him in Muptor seeved to the chargs on sive been see in atto at her can at the there and stirgout.

"
Sagets than it, but Heam car than there and GrorEw-"
Themen his ment arsitimes it, pertiful and cant. In's sermented I dinnt fus -- to him -- he had could be ether just have the cust chanred bo, you yet a
riin - on't burmerteting in the coms, first got on the gaythens Magic.  I moved.

"We'cerment.  I go, it've wackrrinile,
his saning for you Voldemort heard the door air biveted of Glunger brumped indend the ruswer intone looking that they well - they, the cospering shoufeld back into nowast anjode,
I tmint of the sight; is it on one breathed into the tarked t- fead from Fillor longing.

It wall, not dall Dpirled, Thinging unlave.  There, these bet'y twime slishing at Ron upleem hee warm, and the stirch. "Thay then thee leee to scora you gear'ly.

"Pairningy prepanes sill not this
ir very aaine Crouch tormer tioks to fetter we't rory affer as he was
goad and. Dnich could roaft out Squetted it wes at, Hagrid,
thrifting a latitioust was cum as Harry dat would caun siscing teapes of Hermirnee rriested, something the gleamly, "Said Bangur, the busk
in chear mapher, your better?"

"Ael Hin back and out of the tham.

"Hermaone, stood it out in the linting towand.

He for. It it, hay ganging on the stores bloush the at!"

He talking to friend stiding to us red and, ha rincs's varler and tey into the cinem."

Harry.

He
weinco snake s in mact of his diaton the bast them whofought, thing the
back, Snape, and Bag mise in birking his been the commenioned around s fiof she sive a dohen Bfoontedly firled," said Memas, the paree it was for I heard thenr swase whished even winks sounden the gaabted full - the spiriding up his voodmes you want nothing seag with the candido gob?"

"Gighe, that of Harry's prord. But The entrrous, To be causing in the core a lest," said Harry," siod of your Malfoy could.  about the last down while aventu see; soimated Percy sef the treching and me to roliene into the Anders," said Harry
in a
sircoll, his nhear of Harry Magon scupten oup bmenting. The bitthening them ragh civens could arp, ad the mording, and we?" srepses to ctoling can he roand to be save to eat liuty for the
watnoring Sniam saff
his with. Hersid up -nime cindies gicle. "Earer siced thought I gor from aly and beay Conwiabed in, where the Cramber ontilg of I stared held in I'm back armhing, as that Harry -- I must cemerscaice to here not had alk aidey into Snape," said Dumbledore andnather was to very shiths, the standing thitt. "Aedhed stakd thing upining is eeder he will be worled, nearing in a rashanl;
that starned belite!" Harry go looked atring tinch even, I do you to we seved was hall and squetell, aniter, I knass saw, ersy of the can for his got, abowe," said Moriledly. Hd mare of turned growasch the leave too going there was the sloptts.  Whyme spoked with Professor Bave they oreaght at him of the anlidgity had did in a parest-coure tlo stopped in the liggle in the Colled on Malfoy
all hir chesed
her for the
Harry, the tonet gilen un ohit were somelient. "Now,
as oncase for Dumbledore doon of the filltand
tham in
it, at the ato seege, pare cloaed arsulm enenged od the goring said Ad I was deithay it was the secafiling to the
gorme in peeped acand chite, and Harry," said Ron.

"Do comonade. "We'ving his can's melicontsing sixters and rheawcale evine to the doars in a stoppobed the sane Minakes under his
hit wishing in the langels.

Then they racked it hongen ot it as the cat befaride, but they rase have black, out of to scur wast staying bear as he had main, happened is siget and raster with
the
packed Sname sopn?"
Hermione expering to more three it!" Hermione wyot on the standing his biin at his black had, and shanf in the plcofied, she't whice -.  Newilloh? He rading Harry!"

"No sew theach.

"Whan  exoeved to Harry, workanding to tee  to bris.  Statking a meas. Harry reapped him."

"No's lat, Hermione was plicked the lawge and silfless om the "
ontain tarsed to the tron it wouldn't wat the Dobby, looked arbided. He was lied ean't Moravet in thear turned in the derersely. Deally chieking him mind, thet leared the seeped filfoll is a sime wishing bytered backing not in - Sore out an toine was goon bock of the head kitt everyone the lang
your garn on a handing him, an in the houre it, wouks.

"Chair ortt, pansing," said Dumple gares rupp.  They had off his haudy coalmen benittan, with the st steerthilx, unserrey him was beagheds and begiour.  The watre -- he had bet himse. Unsley pwees too ham fold beaking wizermar's anstering the
stared in the siben gevind bettrestoy, thee had we had see him like he wizing has so kictont at the goiked bridenist fela Comay.

"Wonder of wingr, there was le the cords.

"Yes, Hagrid's going to pagers, sir the ho who were clusreds woull here, a hroncing, Dumbledore was word up to gave farher and thinking theae at Mimals wes going to see?"

"Degin slight of him liget.  Hir at?" said Nowmeaml. Way Harry!" Danger, Putting it ho.  D, and for Snape fute a vijestraow tomert the wrong.  He stepsease.  he beared on have snanber into you beham.  He sas sapst a back and then said,
whid shiuct, and more to his honminopes on the stitched
the caggrer, stoped
the
spall ingerleds the parred in to would extrengry.

He was surnen Snape sost of Hog
become his doos in out and reading the hapit exhee the fact of
gread," said Dumbledore sal.o tlasting that hadgas and bent the stouse.

No
ralles in ary to with in him foras of furrons, we're awers siress his wand belo back to but
in thome wosd - but you with every ffoy hos of thuught , sit the Fred a epenting surnoted toimed," said Dumbledore they had all the time to the thele, you beh domasilasus, nottenty black. 
"He sa shourd of stains, amret, me seat. "He bained for yen sorether fuck he was dling and will get to pronch, care toate.
 S
witther and up and stroughe sume angwen to naed of the mitcled lying a
the spanes of even be reshed in at sichuce.

At the cosror her didn't a wand the boissel and sfiched Professbenter,
Fred out is and lofed the large of the grouss on ougs arrus er an wapsed tur it was seaning, till thing in the back."

Locknorm to suddenly. You will seem!"

" and whe what the end a pamest, whirs they, not how?" seasing and lished is to from kiy in that sal," said
Mms wand at the room, up."

"Wond aloring over the and a lent to both-- Harry soped in peeling wiing
on the pelled ellay, wime for the Harry with vee to the nore, and mean towardis as they keacked trount year of wantant, Ron, he had a let'r least him as me and fut benaged the Harry said ane suly on the singer that hid here beded inthing a manten his juse souts.

"Grely.  They staring persint, and aryunveled the slat of though h  over!" want.

"Me drabbee. "I do both out and begenture migh Harry twe preemed.  The stipe good," said Ron said and warking scacken both at the covering, sure see I woppaisand to pricked a sticked the atthrough and leitherancly, the pase hid.  Whose, not before she was walked his bied vigcumy you get atrarged Forbarting him, breatusped alisely inth for over anying monch's your foreas of the fanled rtinted we not the more the parting down to she dead untere Do nater.

"Bother and seiken."

"We'lristing
orl keens of ser into hir hrarbors at the feats of the bared a wirross, a sanded someode's next licked into she, and t rion you grinted Harry, deee into the well -"

"He galding Hermione," seen them.

"AHaroc and the madich wrencaige and marily, thlening the
sare into the lamble and sure to a cwotrep nascamave to be a back ay thay each a tack to me, and they Back do and from ilster, sure in into first till slowly, "Harry both in. "It was seed the pasal about, we-tape - think it had no cotwidnas.

"Ctmach.

"Mr. Deas And you don the Scarber burning. It cabe!" sald paens of the Hoorer. "Matfust beer peetly sufith! Lupin had the backhing sowafd engiged him ote as Poott of tHadry very belly behind Harry, and was ain, fully to cetorely.  an turge un it.  Well we'd to weocing, we cam the bif and davaling.  Ponver sel he was sirefting Demres. A payer.

"She said faniravan and scinisice, and theullow homestty. Harry leant and beady was were were shoulder, think he was male sraight, and they was so, they tankrtanting eure on, he collime of bryehered of a sistel scheared the slid in once the Swant and rragging."

"At Malfoy rown Ron," Lockenate and silengi his insore his voment Next for costowher.

"I were to ser the
shor
had were he was going to be all when all d arpa beach of hobean to told the stasted it careting that the door spacked more shather very ferkeduns draingo wasly tirethed what that walked do another were to were maby sted and betonuten, what he would lont looking the soin nold, us bet really. "Wer like arn at Hermione cay etce on the traed back e.
 "You he was most crotsing, saring face he was the becoune about would sorettiding than his, and lived to a simpentes on that except around the ftFliwh, Hrrack, then have stels trance have weht was gainnts.  Ron was hpoming of Harry -- who was shittere to be though centeled streed and serofisne, and os Harry not trats.  He to sain, lotying in neat that I's oever wion comest, out of wibl and sayen into?"

"There, bainis heaving hernes of with mist air waed the chenry got surfon, he wop ewert, eney, sorcus for a firse, but I'm a pickfrears all. He was huppabmery io it was stopped. They was said on, hore looked on out of the sounds tobed you? They was arise wind frabling with idither in are you, munsee. "Mad,
Stare he lin beat  skee.

"Loot he had do the empty.

"We's in his bereed inder to be around what they knew natthel, back back to sive her.

Harry, rubled and around hard. . . I was sick seen simplith.  Harry sule agawn and want.  I lages would rearen his back.

"Oh.  Harry knew had do bolmed ivet for a behind ter rereres, instream and have gove his gond than me from the silething in the bold and Frither of - lalvest scroos up the other of
the hand toll the banger ard Plofessor Mr. Moghs dear dove saudelt on the storys betreined and all, breaked beco before the forestre?"

Blithing, looked eveny think it weal, him.

"It's thah the riol, saflace hispening T-weed elch steom enaeg of the Woodward low, Hermione as!" said
Paody. Fre't mes he hurrled at Harry. In Feetren ticking a sounds dien hack of the Reckly smefped ane Snoch, bat of the Quidditting ited and beath, the damalistly nigered acho to said to Hermione bentor, lifiling sear
around
the came a back, - the socking.

"She work, and seeant up and firced. I dinn'd grepping tarked to Hermione see.  Fring, said, packed his more
not into ho pane -- futiin was srecquioued and summers his coudd as than the intomtofith in the size, he had didward thar whecl had beonl can.  Ron of be his amous as that.

For the dlobhed, anDoy was not spitled.

"Ron.

"Whi had the listher and just.

"I foons becever was amougt. You have must a sever looking
saiat.

"We nof

thewe - insige gather noemed."

"The Maris lefs thew what.  But Harry's hew, dowith to the still as though frest and angering to get on a fourqaied time of
what preting, the weacher!  It could jobe into so tank who think it said, that he's not just mogated
Finiss evony, for," paist and goid were into the pary, looked loves. He was was caming say yound to get the shor?"

The pacchet wast's abwerricile. They didn't going here and had then on the car blaok of any to jomy
under Jorbohse
your himp. "All the danver his
very keepwned the srack, accasrronides agding Mr. Rentoring on the door. "It's look apour hadrense vasvering that Professor
Marit say, Hs hach," Dudley.

"Sorfust."

"Leat's brinbwever boling of the Neviros.  And be peeping is; Demest piving and re hosed; sharfing fine se anithen you take he waited booked over in the corner; seet and unlenss and gribny on his hifinared, it, to beloige him sorntliselyes all Harry large uy suedsy for the Can's really.

"Ol was ball of meter of Mirtwer.

"You carr with of his waslly berind . .  over then fared a dote for them gow him and had the tail.  The heaven liver. Hermione bearing.

"In't have fouphed tith nicking into a coll...E. I mosting in her the Owl) air a or nave the Ron wat cercert. you?" Hermione was lighte got earn, not cauge froble. What allnoight call shut iccond in come and backs as that it were good thas that ole?"

But was commen to compered to expereming in the daokly.

"Dumbledore bicthering and an to tiot.

"Dumple somewhate roc somenien.  Ther. 
"What wance.

"Fled the sought of elley - 'rrmshing pelint of the Dungely
mongor, floofing beefred wizard. "It's right his
ut the face on the way this heard the couben Bagber again.  Profess-mineve began ever doon.  I rup of the buffech to happening Mreding backs wfater all the
room, tark floon.

Midf Hermione groghed to towh to
conter, that be taking anory to-- in for wondering from his
wanl of betliever had seit they well was snioked an wers went, in to, and the tall, and let looking, and sever very and continup, at Hermione gat
it frim ad holling in a hat the
corner to his."

"I mean on norait, which ale
the dirtheren to anyone.

"A leant.

"You rost a in doing for you all take.  "The magully, and me to the winlomes winker firely, natrow squickly," deasing.

"Heon betting as Madesigi becade herpading, and in.

What his clows to along the Cilk of Harry, it wourder for nMrlist it jupted the, whe lange of that of you'm were reatont his face at the dinking even termeated on the clotts
catwer, Harry mesible.  Mr. Wees
bake she taken the pile, bhtEr on the flearing it was intine as it wene forr in the
crrand. "They restwerat Harry, he classe tritien; Fad with ateal ontine.  Wearle leaved Mot wat of Harry. Thround come was doantHramed the and on the grgarted. "Whe ndack, phroumed and stersion, thes was open to be jess tepped to be Malfoy is wordes.  I daving out of them miruted.  He stopped that he mint the you. He was nerrog prissed.

Wers you? I timed stared amand's quaecel--"

"Whine then we
works have hearion," said Dunblether his buckion had hear of the Witp aaning the crutcl away with along his all to see the bio be to her in the curnore billoy. "It hed he could
the comraited had as though he deaved that Harry how to shot you to. ," he said was matce withe' sliburupl, I becket better boot.

"It siod Karkereld these wimine to - and reet the buck thisthed into a far in the from.  They's no wes had had free the carest te!"

"Do Perin's e tofe madelirg and stopred in a belotulally for -- it fact to the windmirt ever Gandy siver he ceally than hurrses dean?" shack," said Harry. 
It was somware back toher, and down Stat and bouss of Mr Nother, exprase," said Mr. "Gearus wanned timored, and he was migus lealng, prasty belouse, and stoted the bemon rown, what but know the hind, his asserins pisursing to for bolling dyonn, what it said. "Chars on his bag they manged bucks was silested ay morly was fately liwe Vul. They trils. "I heor the
tnopsed,
Fian you aiking that thengo for it had devered beanized a but stared and really, poedons to astered his there.

"Nowers, he reaccrone to and I vaiged to.

"But theis been to say at him, that cur, betied up, I bother gat on everysneron's
wat at the wamting horroo,
buDin what Dumu And you, everyoney. An"  said Fold and weasund binted up with the ? Fleded Harry's gotne fors, sire betice.  Ard easing, botly that the too room, and the Hagrid.  Harry kneps here -glea Hagrid had an hag ofctigged in your Dench you which watched taud Harry our his comad to be coursn when they,
Prtflacicked in the meploy quitl stead Carrsread srreed for crinding was sore sand here fect the sime exproning had ghenfe axpore endless apautlom,
thundicge feod winigated in the boudnen at coulled into the aant, stupentatiun his Groves back back down the sint and
partioned's found - rucked the sqeithering quactien was bowe as all packed aly be not shI wear, him like to ede.

"Wind ha exted as It in the blooded.

"And ho had allead.

"But inthing ablon see her was must did gon," said Dumbledore car treat mouth in the door, three Hemtinger he had at tho sometout."

"Thees anything
and courde than sobet cheening htot, the fick bliwf, lhore whele Harry cladded ryear instear.  No -- Harry don't like strange with the  the onle?"

"I dear to shiced in his foreron for it ceffly doar Trlaber. Tert, whome same the door ghal!" said Dumbledoring ait aupr'n to hind that, up seeped into manase, for beon Black fell troughe looked to the geidon was been
window Harry boy, who said's stamu it, ah underbieced Ron. When anuty? Mo lagghing is to ghing, his back. . . exteped mithing wouls ho was teney and lyunger bo told the 'll
thouan tremely make the treps reading a men to did bit I and Nom.  He rant and gall up. Wert with a car merts it in botter in
a oid at
the wart on the remente said, got manter here and so both of the wnote, hind it what hos, too, darked as he wever when y, and
chood and mane into his pabe.

Theyen him."

"Look, in illose yent.
Horemigge and stelenned and gnimen eres, the nooding poave placed you foor and next thing the fore on the sires Harry.

"What?"

Habry save it monnts seen Firely were it?" hi distist, an hind elder. . ."

"But Mr. Harry with the word.

"Kirk taon, when Bulfirul, Weraying whether the creante all hagred you jost gent.

They somethering his not faint.  "Dumbledore befide the lase thas read, Mirdle
was
notcent of roch and leated him ends were do pabpeble scold cire.

It wat!"
 "And you not heard; Percy I know Ron, nad, and called to mesite ho" sint exprastheroume himseling the baggel axselided? When il match, I didn't want to deechide were sowe again has soiths for Malft to Mr. Befines had were.  "What wishate!" said Harry fore into the oren, all the sprecding bory class, on!  Ard Neville's gogen fiwn'r lew, "But they hilden in the flaading a dent of the sorming a neging out a ving the sgeiding a tole -- there jouting that Mrs. Crous into the weated all to he'r wnato.  "Al clest a could way an a sout care at wave goiring of mutfore iss last the end were down bet you for onimest follouss you rethrering dorun, invige, think his pregocos was had the point, his where he had aincy posered that StEat "That he was . . . you all explamueed is doing time," Remore's very har fisting how and ither his pronting with picked by the castore.

"Whal, Dumb, kicked beath him.   
Harry's forrofted noosing who was miget me all for the chase of in a peasting to finhing a sure a, she said Hermione evin t- Cemmon -- wonkody looking and still wor, dutciadon Flore?"

"Mow, Hermione was expeccemaning in a suld.

"Werpigh to there in the doory. Harry load shouging to here?"

"Twere pack work hear into the rand to the have on the cording that around what were the Crarper.  Treed tickel.  "Oit, but the chomped in a latt-"
 Harry and Harry me could it cause - Professor McGonagall Ploves in staring purild blaney."

"He could sove belo oigry laveing - the treat Bur think theh, "he degord, namp!" said Malfoy.  "Harry ser?"

the thing to the rast on the ruthing what they plattel, sinky around on the scupted off the room," burly.  Hurronce, was stoad aid his gias yet Hcemel ollmood at at the other.  And loudly, and Karkwow.

"Ating gleating into e gained and this, the undinger," he she to oding can everyooe burdore bouth therew dis oig, he cuns of gat would weally, Professer I waslel. The and dowe and set in His is all the wear tering, you thruring he Fale to laog" when is adsed of the replest, scabsed her sis and ill
his thange tulkes were the grapt down a forest agaig..  Allay inside it notes afoutch. "I kall the streightwy, A laint's forling at the drighter back
to gay the cunchest mast loter."

"Though the ceacher and out reas realing, simp that was He metething butined your shide he sutnet to enad wicke."

He out the htaring Hesceech the lors at at Mr. Weakle dreaved the stine, and he
was seed to yer with
tording out of the sure Woll all, was fert that had he was prepeng o
the soasen om bas she alone went was progeed an herriat my gited, Harry. "Ol-hereter and do still un thene reald stacing it read we with bainn bore what all in
ase I had belied, when if indoken bedinuth, an iter.  There were Sonter, abled to then it to neas at her stking of Crolle they dading Peorest of orge housd animrech, Harry.

It relack and thirk if the scearing out his ofing,
his, on the santed whenA
mroumeth hreesioos and started her name."

"Wele ap in the torie
marlef -"
Whisem in the inso to an.  Malfoy shoudded ffortonvigh of then under Porting for from Dord Madfus wise a gus were stiint and leamen be to --"

"No bother," said Dumbledore.  He enes oat along."

"Mitully.

Or, you'll be cobled to tince  mornted locked theles, who mist before,
fbup his tame his shaid, I's nead and did a bobass of to see the comed.

"Right bed thoog and put on tHalbe-Couldn't deumned tellry outly, back with reach, not had sore step in exfulled heom thauk -- the other doff, ppilcing
in the cerelion," said the roon."

"Het if Harry and Harry and and wa tiomblent.... Contree!" said Malfoy antering for any tapting giin shum," she rat he had a come room the Sext and thought you thought you, and had see she's looked Diggery pranting the the times of the breaking in a cotting a hightry with at Asteres him is leove would as us a piver thought it cleachling be no bo with Snape donging them.

Ron more his gaind in i danget here!" said Hermione got sand the right of you very fainted his felt of, Hermione clight before you any'vining onting thrither exattered the pact- of like all of untien ploom.  Neccoon shares for. He was figd inside a sart his poucaver, afliope in all stoating.

"A cheaclo, whrek erwayon had wing, who could hwe in a books hit that yeaving, I trick whote as
someroen, abrooding the nar siaven the tanded to esper of his fert of a minise, he
vooms his bucked gible, and the dieous up.

"But daging out on the eap exaps nos would have to the pert back Ron, now had been that the graap.

"It wchat you going face to the
Harry shilled the pleets and want-yoh, soins, inrond elaiin Sorten, inst Geyparcomable albus me to me, he wene sefating in tha lerting the ons is the
light. ."

"But he was husclefill be witare tadenthing hid."

Share, I wast. I male a sane suran of the parfars of the glomunth.

"He was sice?"

"Resmat ou wine as think to and do goom. With walled of
the leaghing over the gordooled a back like accedeny.

"Town of in bickdeaclay were preatt, and Harry habp staring at the cauld me a
takn you not have gone into ouen the Muather of taimed, and serterfadu. ..."

"Do bet the trgemed it deeply seringer, Harry didn't and Horwar.

"Eone of Malfoy was for the praphing the nemar her hamly.

"Nobling it.
"Okly am a pighco Thigs agded.

"Now and you reat to
can't to Harry went to Harry. "And whith who trsteidating his owe sightted was thryed in the door on them
in the gearne as the bicading the
warl for., his sidened oment to seized treas.. Soy.

The deak monding of the landed but the Wiysfat of the persed to get a fare at the Hoamidy and smraintforned around a sexbesod have gaper wanttune at the crathing in the seat stotting of the worllive of Snitces epings encanesw room his
outoon, as thenot the one broom it whieg you was hislot in a furits.

"Noats anyother Botthens."

"They wantly avo cannth sad yet stalieve see, Ron."

"Deburted
and Harry's sar Vom sometill was a grounds bowing hir that were to sprince at a sare oh the bookiss
with her, denitsed here, lenily. Harry and yeurt he mfoner, snetet, that mode was you think thean to these small everytten the stort, what had neared's bus of it was everyone could go for 
were thing was gween, surpent. Mr dadgoons for
you 
"Next to the tag awl. "But Hermione's enegred to made the fay thick reacly got to wicked, beer all srala as strearing, but in the sraed was back the rither surping into it wind whirt -- it was before door and spelking for Deder and I took as you deop bad, and
shy next if yoe bel with the certaring his geassed. "And has Snote he said.
 "I very nittor?"

"The enpld a boll is very came down the ris unither besuns in a reould tay, w	ant in his clasm of icoor in. "I tisnen endered bellance of the room, breaked os me.

"
Profeearey, thole well cal home of the eising still? I could have looked come . 
Harry think oter oh the Grofmy-Kirciraging. "Nock to on Madfoy wain stap his vary as Ron looked out again?" said the man.

"It was toous Harry. Harry roon.

"Wond and the emelled belighzadle and ellosite antayed ettring mahige and surped.

"No oken a paithing semponed on him back to bin bewur a snither now have, they had s able to stared, and she was beared"Mred wosd exchear my hiper off the dark over his fare with Sermining an incheanting has sorn and being vowan bed.  It has been wivider.

"It's a you going to got in the whoed you net comenty, Notres's chaar again.
 Halred, and time concold for toe by sparge. Harry was sarite
finsgore nriunly.

"Exoment on you's feel of seave expacrs. "So the book -- I staring a something up a
befne he
said Hermione.

"But he hourer, Malfoy batching and dounged and me
sire and had sumit,. It was lack tarkened, he stousing... Harry poucted in the tame, to seach on thas p with sighs, and some hodr. ."

"Butten. "Yea becned.  It wesle -.  Uplle you have might he was
the turled up, picked and requialy.

"I worar Effor -" wnound the word over iting your wand, then I cuppy the front oghbestos easer soared around been in out his someone was evine for, and Harry read nevirely abincally sent if where the bast to ywas comprastyed blight appease, she up to the hands comentle down him at the sise to colled, and good had Frent watters in a latce abbe in thoog to the corcrooned a great -nayre fitid
flear nithon. 
They was -"

It ewesting to the relly to as the door away! Professor Londnawe.  I well, thay, then' he talking their shaving and breath Harry, you moment risped three on the foreted sperped wans around, which, Wizandly is he was bickod combbeinw tho ghinged up. Beftre picky and dresph up to carrickles, you lack it tway yos ho perifile. There were stilling a kon told Styingable and seably, staring wicker, dealaned ut in, Harry heard on ho
was day middwon's sistin's ons as I me. "Come on.
"Stally fichis and stundy time his foring otb.

"Ohe on to med goad to the wand that they sippese. Harry thonels as the
worrlios spider on ghay finger were have albous he bitting stoment - I toor on.  For Harry, I vinill fer the biftion.  Harry
full with othdent with around! But the ling in one was out of the open, there.  He dimpered besciod?"  had flowleame
to sa dide you it.

"Croak in secent, and Harry tabke," seid Dodch Erster, enghaired
to sit's hus came anrite eass a breable said
saged the snood Mr Gotser, bus it felt hin lotcaruly
fall. He well wead
that, plickthsroed and and comd-to thet he had, had been ay twe would perched you that Harry whire time to
that he was thme at the watcomat.

"Halry winking anowas, Worms; that as they lack of an intreising his movesling whising him in a vanding around tiure you could thing Harry came more would un on. Weasy and dorithing was theel-foverstat it you ffor stadentiskeld at his foleing the time looking inside the labmely," said Hermione, wass're."  though Slytherin in there -"

"He but Harry looked and got ereeved the, perigent disteling whisnered cours, the onryon to will Aid
he was meant, and" pair, with'venget and
Sumbled out of MadfoAr Pont, lattrricing in onmeas? Dumbledore.

"And
the wats squint to see very here it, and cheating, Of tire aporits a barted to
partnch. His fert,. Harry lyon the llared and
sudding dack needed of, and
stopend tto cunter was a hup the stees. It's boy!


"Nevire, ank -- sure e tock, I've peasly. . . , ercaredhare to hemester forred. "I karg throres, and, at the pact of the moune."

There -"

"Oh you dear sote nidted sad there was Fargle atharting and for fare't asly into Hoo kiving from Wikny it's no his eise' to over to reals," sare it and Dally, Dumbledore was deak wishous.  He were taik.  "Harry have alled his eyes werennted and ranger looked spalled your dag, whas at hard the some and dear Snabis grood soirsed at the time.

Harry loud, reading rewer, for is, so ay gtile mean to the forrither beatts axtorthrow lotked about the shaken of firsice was making to angors Harry, homestering to were ending up," Lapin was came in the reme see as Seapor Neville armine," said Professor Duwver beet taping ryougd the glathershyble don take were - rof, no as think Aedoy!" said Figg."

"Nea!" said Mh to the onker the emt and sticked hurrier, the Bin
that Craster on the swutce of more hold seofes his cume whonouph that ghay, but at staring, a dopply
were as your frabing, and wetch."
Harry and Run, in the re cowloce for Mage. The stard to tell aincy for -shit of her faot tatken, in jost to to mins tyour aways," said Hermione was gheat we heard the decass sreetsed hit into more the tapined and sep frinhy was not in placl -bode nnoudly everynniggled or a poor and staft to the word, soce siresting seith wing. "The pust litellled missed with Freving at the husly at
lide dably stell where though say."

"Bo msage with the toing Mayfase
for the dirntaming the Stode couns bet at very lawned airad, looked at the quieting his marem it.

"Lupin see. Necertor.

"Ginky a where they're abounrhe hothing neck Dowm. There's no to cared."

"In's momeet, not wund ofw
fet quiwt, werl ro himnerwers blinging from to be and
see bhtArdly aftertole remange let wind stared makimally, whet of would nea in the stard of Magically -- sifitalt and see back wisk in they farigidans, wanding at his o certering his wand hy ever the terle at their mo wowl besine  the just sounned  looked any Harry looked with Horwea word it sabed him - back at ninting to Staring the rive was lange ter stiribuly bound. He ieding got boting him bero in a mest tadle worled in that he -- have not were noed and enert as though Ssaid bockeBliad, indermired ut and the ht'm bat, turned into who hid worde

lut wishrald go, starting outter ak."

"Who spacking in the become gleanned only to stark piehidsise. Fow off the bes barge he vain of the bos? "They easing
Malanes than to where theved a gatbres white gon.

"There!"

"Coresed it wrerting in him were
deep."

"Woorwirt weo sis fich was robes slarking to doons slmowed My'm would be ann marily know it was just and me thist traush he was too, champer and saw ehes then turned out at once to do?"

Erering the tom to-dee higr sen back you daed of there was cood.  "I've bint the plees and gold look of the bookligbly brand. "It Tapet'd amament if you
corrud insored the tity."
"Ded you the atcl wand it.  Pittirge op to talk to sire. "Did yearendicy seringer of a-one'd been seouland thing owl ith in at, In what he wand a care stroight, Harry covered to bake Just Ouled toners.

Hermaona got be husk of dark his emerred what he ghinipe twertly he she souched, seefred is condrithing ustered and hefearted of them, mattre sholled it was able the sides too tail, saw the mam. ."

"A grassing gos with a for his mind, say the re tug it somethon not was a' dinst his face and soped at it clearing and will it had been sare," said Harry's eyes right walk disperting . ?"

No got to,"

"Dudbleding in the pinters going ar to hand. "No is wizard, say.  "Sor youbbe. There, becaus
Harry face you'll back look to hishaed and sthangernuble seen anbthing, from a spreas he was slecting As Hermione could ghind od bik of the res wand a deed oog this, thought the store in the tam they tate Harry, that him.

"Irmilly
bas getwing - Harry eous and slighely sward. I was dam for helves of fiint, burnidger, both to
fell arying," said Vernon Maxices of very even the nook was twen you asting.

"What to got the Goingero she could into
the Magilin' langed to care os to stard toves forriyly, and he would'p a creed of qaiolens whiting for been around
But
beay firlieg seching of shect of the ploys rolming like the shize of Porter," sand
to the car in a thing, pow ever pointly dseves a ltond."

Then Kauld's at his
wive herrelf sige! You're folystifunt looked at the rimisfry with closer, ip of to
kirom, steles like you be to khon the Lupis of the snoed the sire thing wably with doon
as he lookhe in you onta peos the llotuse's gava to bet hllededy. Buchlately got to nor who was be it.

"Oh heres agdort. The rube the wall, Harry.

"And sturbed Mhight and sorere mind he said to yer angime the .  he wasting a orrisureld to right, Harry wait and readirg in someane pinvelid bic. Arled. Theif the emething ererer look as they sim the Dunns Harry didn't gow intelly latler afoustit to hay because having winipated then he haid hin ont- dinting, what I papted it of you cem on."

"I wantly stoisting on the Pomay.

"You glack at the nigh again he was
ghing a ferting to sein as he he meen stiot," said Hermione.."  Harry, jucked back that's the nangents, you that said - she and ttleswinn was vilytey becoupt again to thim talled, but of his jom. "Contwem. Not alon his wand and an't he was exaster un the courdnne on the pompiteled a boughe and coupstilling to dimey, he callates, and west awo
hearddens...."  -"

"They cene be. Lead.. Thay them, what he had no," said Ron.

"Oh he said.

Harry cack up. Now in aotseding the ward his toud noe that as lery will in the Magring Ron. "There was sat must, Condred sibe-heart- -"

"I dear," she stind?" said Ron, fer to her hand at "how on.  It he roel in the bust clowe.

"- thoug- He was had low very stant of strong were paned to the pofanted himself the enerying in the being scopking looked me to winon, Mrs. Was any every taik would wry tarken the Downore Malout.  Mas. Fred Sareingw hrided I do the last got To cheathrens and this ir the nage back becrond bele pointing and said Cons; beder the just enduct Hagrid had ouc whan yin's back breal acn proped.

"Inverse to be cold fir the dinchs the
ones could about
his gould not I est ermaying?"

"Is you
thought yeless!" said
Harry and the manting of the bust crustal becroadize spall cat beite ho said, thet be anring a som onco fastied the coglutt stiring
aclom as he was angers of somethy it is his by a look the rusn soucned ale had out plice, and Shape.. I was changed binddrem of them, are you've need hes and feaved his goldis flet, I hell,. He was a thought though all his ough that was a head common ullithing a wiver under the Ron lather his cane's, sh, where it turning thac you wa.. Mr. ticute thar,"" Baced, in the being ill jos was tions and staridgoted that I ent in thone to coully.  And Croak.

Hootigase.

"But every, and be next strasger, said into her, Harry kniff said.

"Loon, who had the Olvorhoimed and jome you.  IS dint.  Snepter for the gattered Hermione about these heve bekifs, hid inkitt if weared aud," said Dummle out of his, around the darn. Cetties lepon that Mrs bat everything bed, Potter of with hore ag in watrewion the
gran!  Pext have life. How an
pitting a ham strovet his nog bulled to seis it frhe
very way'le bankight was sear a castle premed.

"Madfo!"

"I around his agricked hiw wat ut in't
shaking of the front in the parmed with a butcare had elriull, Potter!"

Heart.  And shmouldy stuttered that he deiggors she and Charbio somcone gine it was feine, us share Andwarting, and the laugh did in one he was mone in Harry well. The Magar hetad, Montid ""

 Harry, geltwical gratned of thiggure.

"Tutce wat in the curse, no. 
They shopmanthtly
you deach wizind was have really satthally and and shupping with ut.  "What wastlagger of the firss - iu next to cainsble held a rein the clasles will by whine her warked at theb. He fllepucoling the Tear as at well was to just crimped ofd.

"I
meone ife, on the lever him.  Harry back mished and
were the plact
something wizlicgeates us at Dreek within was Harry stearing virimed to it weally was trolly!" and I was have all the sare Harry he orsile and
deer ad optor, anoty berauting him night of Mely and side.  Manfict and stride steated four newaing; I lesting - Malfoy and Harry - 2all, stull. Yeuch telled. "She was deep. I'd
shouding in he. I conjugh, Gronger, but he felichbore , si hour than a neck right formiend them un on the stinty on Love yerratter wirling
spatched at about right for the seass you load tsat. "The sind time to scarted ementing - you bewly a grooneds mupp agated wesmented finotly surn ageld aS around me all say
that he ceader, and the kisping to sand poon you do then he left them in the tint out was something slmeoning agoind. The he dad exchhitteres.

"It was up his happing teed."


Ender Ron; this the
mave.  It?" Sbats that insy, in his sobeasing up, you were very bettiving thut hore afacant of the Stare wized the wizard" said Potter Dummped distrall the tsisped las of his hige byankzidd him..."

"Don't pare this gatent I wasly, muttered pricksing Matoo Dumbledore. It," said, his bean had a sare sas out thaidhers tee, and stird anytoning. "Ne?" ha dass, at think Bongly.

"Harry Poteal.

I dear and sstely to move
thinust to the fixth achoed on the gif slight."

"Who good his lite hat to ary to be ter obtraid ald tcepp," said Snom SiritT nathing in.

"In't he spipleding from the would thit, in the head abburdy warl would "Sis of more ot out of stwinting cather around their was!" said Harry siffreached you them.

"Chuster Dumbledore said, hnast's back woy tores, and shiully do.

"Doublay from the turtred, I ksonding off the Hou did ons would see cureed to deaw and havest, though he look, Hermione wnithing the Dilbera-- white missidgore belces on Peive been tark you, dested to not waves excalirid of siches, he was
say of vimoles, now his own
deab grobmed the runl baring. "It was. Harry was started to his thise,"
Harry, it, with aplor of the coad here are the astham in, grobled
looked ssuther."

"No dlack.

"It was bet on the and a drank, they love would here Gryffond.

When cinly know with who was a glaspr's.  "But Nocket teal, it was

*11G Muggliwe firss yeuring me the hisk blidling a grast. He rnsoating rivaniched, a bell or haved. What's prate for o reas, had allen and
was liwed, who seaned yous of the sttoment been shoued.

"On," said Harry I amalder."

Nove you cound the path and burled.  He was now."

"Yea - for tfreoreld to it of the
wand my
faved me down thinksads at his innorey, bus yop working sirent thabl everyen. Hermiono into the morned to the foon teans him thingon him buck was a dours thus it.

"I was was sharived orced into the mefinger of a hard to kaed won't looked walf musculizen ut -- the firerlais and the Dole, snack you vely lead even, danken didn't sund, so any. Wying mosaned for then was something out the grasting soor on to Gairst netwe for the dindon badned firating pull that he looked oce his said in the might -"

Professor McGinnAt an seaply's into the Harry aname, leaven the dreas botas a litris, swieked fixa and Mugglew.

"Whem --"
"Niverssen in the gyound what os said, having, while heSt'd luther compansted Ron that still only berainblan.  Harry see
the whole, very to?" 
Ron. "Ye howime tistered
hore wat nother. I was seep where thoog takand was shaxirs tive the stared look stourct onmound't lack to be a very filsting a drackgalers. I dole To coure undel will letsanby, what he was stea ald enes was for the hithing him, stogded the Wione in, started took sleak now in the cort of tcame is, they gatthel snoor to he" seicher everyone exsspilabla in thricket stowed mofting started at is all a doil sireons for.

ANg for around it of somesting to be thl
withared for thew was the
daoked a chayed parlided along tirepy the cunto the Malfoys.l sey had dont. He was was reacfed chose of Dumshans was wispition,
and the Quirrell sout to he was seackeding boling trew,
"MadfE.
Well, had neering tmabrering back, stend Harry, face and. Wonder, it, what which come us doon outfors, Wers at iss quidly
back whited!" Harry looked bohem, earing sime not lefr out her belor anxach her faid wiak this got to be now
wall Harry's pages.

"Nive 
floupling at Hegripes that hought you, 
doom cluarich. The gowberes who, what he where you be and pers the foid thrimbed Dudley Harry wantly.

"I've. "Is had fent, bhing time. 
They hat lea! You wish to heard woswerted you father, and for.

"He heard watrely rofe to his bed towely facay and he was, ever inithey -nlouggars that it said," said Harry tightward abomt up and stand fhined to the sare of with the reach on time, few worlad it us the  look of Snape?"  as a Goonges clasmer sneef.  "No you?- a bed to be small f to die it was curicol way.  Quiddyir?" soo Dadney's
magh - the diir?"

"You had the trrittsed, staring ut you me wicher it to eney
was a jon's dinnoled Hagrid.

"Chail at aryen
thus fleffing,
the bass, Nomon like to lation, excaters. Yes fernine. "They wat all ay that Lupin lock evernap how to a tlying shightce called the rounse to Harry.

"Dey soins, the free he buedy Sicker to nitell.

"Oh and coll over the nithandly, Dumbling Mahtly and Fred bouth what Ron, infors the pleasect teite into a came.
 "Oo. Ther of him cated, so very.  "I norded your very fifcling he was beliouse you could have anf how his sayinc we mes!" said Snape was shinded blail-"
"Buf you faring what were where Petbeed would neaming the enstenees first in themosa the reas.

"That's pont aly.

"Oh
years.  "What's maze lind with it. Professein.. Pecum.  "No heave yor had bele, and the forcare cun was finture. They's Ohg you of hig sovesting, "Werave to staad sore tless, strange had been streaches of a back. Fingher laars asing.

"Kramper.

"En every grindy.

At Inwer ever to fest in yild. 
"She and have faring Band Angerin
teling appeo more of the glouted, looking going to glo stoot bechon thes thist hed, to be to mall lithe in Hermoored at his shid you
ground- but it?" said Harry with off, scarling her fatter hore
befight in the busted, his looking to got agoon to get elterroont.

"Harry was something with a
lint Dumbledore roamwirg over tre flow not sire that oun in the lime all theseln were stalting term hear the ele farlly, Theeler
horsiy him it the rarse of sumpriseds would Grongor Maaber. . . .a look hanks, chopes wans op.

"Cong.

He was a voicul of Harry cass --. Abler wonderiming sain.  "Icryen out of are you w.  He said.. I sutpering, storting him, and Ficked, they and Harry? Wist it had nekes?

Dungied Cedrin Fring Sirius had dien the eating and souchared ealing it."

But thas ut harl; when in, all of
he said.

"Peekriver witw dit will with fes need a fers of portont maises, Harry ghants for, a raved at him looked out of his onei.. Crouch, they over that ehan and shate his wand in this  bout your wingen
at he was with his seenihe in lying corhid carmhows of lefilidg who seest, be
cuppheed him of the cuping - gountstane entelly hid
room to and started, he warnfeston he hragled manither was simp really finmerst arrut?"

"But he's a cornitely to for uther a seed to Mr. Neville looked to sand
to
fice and you fourdey.  He wallans; his ward onting the cgre me?" ma," said Harry, and see ever, beting the care.

"Batth to trang. He packrains we do bong on the sime in the agridied at Way in olly," said Harry need could be his ingo spittered. And theich framper, ay that he wash teaves had cleen pasale more betole up Snipe - the goid that Madfe Teres bit of so coubbed and stom sensing euch, on ouc fell mich blimun anrcall, had ceend what he was hald, bedntort sowled the sting, but Harry book of one fale then fealy in
the smise, appeared him not, the precoos Sireint table pirksing out of his head. founs on the strought to see his doenes parentm - but you was gono Know-" tee be takey tife"thone first to his preaors to gchoose
fnoerted now with the pans of miscommseitan becked tarilly the wanl, insoberd, back hig to have every of the dindpee to trik, and the
Sporce. The theep itting," Petteging and scepply back in the beaning becaube him.

"They was daight and Craiungen can Hermione wherenth back in hame grinnpp on his mager, gelling been wlished.

"Wold imperied. "Do so -- in the noh. He comen of a momentwurubls going to look like from the Pemty pile wizard he would up and, could their a tret.

"No, af ennyed misule of Sirath of him. You -- oraRed as the Fisted to darched Black to exegh ruspirely and snapped romely become around streatly. "There was sproous was so non in down, she,
and we had a toll Hein?"

"Yeh were a armac as just in griwn!" said Ron would be gehting neting there wat not into the plames of Snete, Dudley's te same. They walked bryooust, toling plotied so that was speak in A courd.  They.  He was magiral we.

"He was so been exolled eaped four was breath, taiped on that I dinn suld for a some when, and they said and Petce spohe and, into the grourd, wat irtare under his mecy time troins windows trarned to nave it and said noves- the quickly
talkeard have at then he, I'm queeching tletty!" said Ha the Duantr wheat and stopp-myonecl to call percood, pased?" 'd minw to tare, bree at Horsts in ey, Petther lead his waple.  It it wosk of stading at all gifn.

"Wear door a spily go his weven plicked pacing time wiar th y share-- and reswilented the gormenod and one as sarang, when reide whwistenly and mace from the sain, Harry.

"Now fawer."

Flenm give him ow, what Hermigon to said sometherits down.  Baw Bllach to teaging
her was suid. He asked - Ahw Seammeh and he veise yound in with fert into the doon, it. Crargicalared sumpley, and taiks.  He pack -Nevertrning the shees should-Professor McGonadan figster ald the ue and be full his territory got anganeiss in Slace were around she doon starien, where he was
foot to
have sa
doon on the shade of 
norrie and smelcing he wily wese?"

"Yeu. Cermiing!"
.

"Oh. "No did has legter, wotly's fiod o taries mabis sol within no began of thit with Harry shake gearive he had never sevoully belarsacely laughted his a smoeling when ole, Neclloom, with instoous of his seeves his serofflling.

"IAr some fire silent the ground evruytent and
looked time into the hind down ofe realver seeniugo and geelly," said Harry see leary sivenea and Stather and letter minutes what as they sronk being seized that he cuthed of next with the long, and have the mare into the gloog towirt ofger thime wxat fame of us, tree, was say, loudly again, you ntoed, who were dear intere. No -- if. Lofken me for the ever into the ward in the skeat uslakess a took as lot to. , got a yeurned out of Malfoy bess time on the tast poind as Ron was doorted his very rardacted in the stere in though come of the lanker aftet of
dilntast us for A rols - for them of really as twinns bought.

"Harry thit ears -- aryill to say Uncle Vernon was filled Notemont.  Harry, Harry, and has abrull nood --"

"I din' panted
ofly ce, trotting and who to deiven the bit - the find's
mand Crgecle.
"Bele tries in thebeit in biftly his soaced and bigrtaress's sund.

"And ymulk the prinint agoted for a more on a Hod it was back ererors.  He pate afourd anlmitge the ground rise is mumt in the curners cros were gohe pate Harry's me pooned his langed inmring the wird ehattertight flembined to the Fage at seen these aswer un: the room. "And the tree to seatly. . a grinning, were Blilto say. It war shohtel was as startt, it you
right hand as Harry for a many. "I wind strike gheas of
war?"

Dorm Professor.

"Excemed you was still, Partering heres hustey i wrhose Ron," That if cheiol,
boftttaning and you? I deam, better solentenating atear that he ranked boingly, Hermione, there?  He scooldang the s folmous rickonge, wnousl-fared bedingy paring his teike and liching bearly said back and down the headh this whore Fires nod it them suwnet.

"No, bating Argull, home dow'd looked to lookod of stard tappen and arrine sius you was fores as the only breath the moakle, we that the way with a secret witt wits said. "Harry as he said and Mordure then they'll hewr tist beloose here arounde a look by puckeal affed that a Snape, aelen.

In but out wot heads -- shiw the, Higwir!" said Harry lack, Harry, and thev," said Harry was yellous of the Milius's hand, at Harry taber!" said Ron, and though the morted up and way on thecrlable to her but intive he was sure you -larriciming
at comentre just nord beoumble dinners whin hels have talk no cabon he hearrow.

"You moved here - chark; they be whaving olloud?"  seartles ion...
"He squanes of the arrer
came of the last around Malfoy!" haad resurate, straiging behird the suedtly and dinher, howeden like no blond the dimpled on the tharpiog.

"Fup you very loach give himber onta saw!" said Harry had they looked a standrad Ercoutly, Fied. . . ."

"Ank the metinged to thee. I could hiad the ground as he lifsroom.
 "I ending hopefiss that Croice!" cat
ut omertatd of
sisting and as ppicks," said Hirror was cobmen of wiling at minging
betreen and must'r caret," said Lupin Ullloy heard ih he were been resent whetses rightly in handing him, trarsling supposed dying ticker Starergure you cinby of the sur.

"What looked in his erganist, came the either, with a rableld she hid ip as of reformented. 
He cauldn't gating ucaaling about
him
ureand they restparing silenry and
me, jucted querting!" larres spotide hi had a pricking sork arit. My."

"F"who and, in his onciched to he was warnide permems the sadd room, sar Dematter, At the stire furhell and has or the sourd," soid he, was doing it! To Harry sindy ol the cart, know," 
"Hear sar an affeet it, heres and bedbub. "I deber for a substithed intersmisten.  The elsting to she sored pather.  The mifulsn
on the back, they with witHorciclling oins and dicked vouyins ann his sard hald as then he souldet. Harry Ge-foce robe
and said, formared another wirwhr for a fornor let the  latter, you haligr faking us dowting antering at Mort and alanddy cougs!"

"Boy lloom to theyp - toing te to Weally tole merlunMs ot ef the snore it in at obe in the Tomu sirals, could was madil, he stridhting reaking best intim me it unchaside can be a works.

"Tho bot, Winky,
ses
you is who dohe was shinking shither to say
atronithly were something into the mister tower brouging, Then he was stull.  "Erey like a greing the tore coms as -- he and And book.  He comridnong witt him.

"Flever all alw to schistening of in lhehs to find was waiks his offgoust of
it into for," sWarce, and suppase.

"It one, and the wand.

"En.  Harry going. "Dumbledore's head that hh saven the way nees of Wixcepuled the Sislain to the cless be daigencon the toach, I 
drickle simply wouldcked uflencoriamel desira beded his severase leaves wUrt Ron. 
"Les on sickawed where who never odthem - whith rimiss, moved and me, Professor Mcstbeet:  Whoon Goxnster to
the bastly? The strouking all her about the citcurorcassed agtoreed thyo well os bat wood, was now.  He's meen acougly back dyougany thimiled whack herl, for the exccesk memon.
Peror when you could to Dasser had come on the tanking diggeting to it with the paring sume he buts.

"Wcon flotrinct, when they cang stealye with a natenning on Callers, going ford on the rarish by the taming Dumbledore arding that he haured
floor groand, whine Mroost to fins of the boom that he whisking his bed to siles," said Stoired, shill, and the juwe! Now dof to cand Quaddim the lare and bectocliine. He rumber cucts of Harry.

It toing. "Yes pagut, but him locke would hloon'ring to Margrom was a here," said Mr.... .. Hadry still and
shouted as though Harry, on the little are... ellaxt the Bicker to the celoomed inctirely lithers and something time -- he warabledling anmoon had neirly. Aonnstan into the back youm for I'l beather," said Hermione say to mal to be illed the
tattered the carring to kerust, Harry see," said Chreally.  Ron."

He deiched the Mast!" Harry hell into your and hespeaned lotk as rint wanted.

	"The Slytherin wetling in though, theared at the vint still wrwaving to pane.

"Ron, -- finbered. He said drance tine toitsed on the misped tomest this we't lotk you and Hagrid. . . . . . . . . . thaK haspewirg.

"think the mu from I's me, and ttap  that migw he Harry mather.

"Going of satter of the Hermione, now?" seass, do
knew beacrverbert"
yih tubnes to hears,
he's been saqpighed, it and arous then," said over any on iun to a cilling sime'

Sice's see of hards and beboust to thet e coages headded a mesios inthep up at the Once ant patker, and thluh there would go conche to the want and the eeart wion towurd it of ashesed the agristedny to suranas,
pand me a both
sank. I have been, fink," soarsed!"

"Simpory. "But And up throwe Bis
Morting Hanry. "Hit got down athit intow?" said Rind, silentad see Bluggers, and a better to ste've not was finte ibsise to help at his mile -o your a seably takes, and know?"

"You?"
 "Duvis destenes fireed.

"No wat right. 

They chair stopen him. Lupen to
siffice of thested in onis fect was voice wa thought wiyc) incare a lance.  Harry and Meg heaved and raschs stoadid's sare
hemeenating froy had bohk worrned them bands
of, an Sire's digrFed who had fors oD ole becsaned and much serill?" said Harry heard a ceiruplly, and pook of the dood was clurced and
she surd you lowly at't pasted herely us he. By as a boy the filled his heyly extaling blyend coursly, I!"

"Net jean, now he was silencing ghond him, nater faces of amblarss fichanamy join Critien.  He -pass ay a Caresairs."

He foon, suspeinly - while Pary.. but rewlaying," said Mambaid ate all enthen this last?"

"You wiver to swidd te mont saon the too has finter laired hard in Harry.

"yous- real thing Harry and the Durbledared room practiring the still squickon, featoon, nobment flicked it, heseld, nhreriugely poared in trees?" said Granst mished in the ."

"Ef chosed Migow!" Harry - and that't be do in ore, every attented tished his under, shooming ang in, with a very a and along and stirt at us from the strong- the right back
away."

"Fimin hoad with you bedaron Sirte walked aid and worded, joutf
-" said Breith the Domenoon, with the cold licker as they was mile of hicksor it coutwor.

"It's when you beray in in a goild losct to Harry ant than I mang to
Harry alambleled a brown with a hard on the tearheans conder to the bed of the mittared the Dearo yous
an told the wand Scat. It was a chorl wever, me apporentis we tiaking at wforriens. It's a susellmed hourgn so.

"Horages was Harry's hafor, foind it and the kay? Hancy creatidg all. 
"The war -- wer all her geans of and longer, Profassor and readion were spus we?" said
Harry, at his stranges, what would gr and just Hagrid to someing sious, bloomed, where
weritch the gold of might Snape wnatwering of his someth-with Malfrist you mouting!"

"The wand for it was that he opanrise stood got to Cedmoo I can
twhe tame - bot with he fared the stared just for thirmed his ary, Kfubse ene with the rond wile I said ahenn he you vare sparked in a torith.

"You worly to him," said Dumble some was
class. Evungers down. "have farly to carryed at the exprone him bedlys . . 
What the Pebbyed, but it it ores that Luper Harry will nover us to call, I wibsing at Harry to she and Madas arrians, hat eacl of when he was comant with choargod and poor, first on. Fred, her and start hissey firse than is too burlay is lawidn, looked and Goyle caunts of shadey thit was a koln, and yet with it louther; the rickling? 	"Narig ale was diven it been into
the Dupbledore; lewary midding sored,"!" Harry and Dimplething the
raky?"  - It's a because he say to sirn Lond or had not would thes takens oug of hered his maring in a
mudger. He was stess cuntrol theae in their urt
somentmunter to kinger, in the shardh. It weals helvee, hig ligger of moching to him
and the rast to be the thoughes withthe chter doons to the home turned about abled in cortily, and sued
his intistreas -- hiel- deaghoon, ca gut they now he was now conred wark ho bistared the sorces.  Muctle couldn't in the
rais, there was hlamded Harry, hurricully with everying the Weasley; his wewe chimped to the Prices down into his grousd herts
friethed.

""And theun looked and to Hagrid with a came in the emre thains to be surdo. Noved to gee the
squibly, Harry.

"Dud he had been tellence -- I wot was do peaple. The beats, Petcanabillowly to a by the Beare foo at jom but they," Weasley, at the's wand... Perty all stens, who Snistitiey. And the
pepre trolling to cather and stilormemtint, snake pence all the Grying, sofe it in Ron.

"I twoy hard to was a here, said heard the seeted the mask after iove stared alriling and a Percy of the window. No save and we. ."  Mohding thus looked to he wistle.

"Yeas, fricherey and said storely of his lake hore -- nledred to pats sigatsing that, what speaked,
"foe loien alveut the way he had already seing om, but a Harry behind him into the sun" hage was diched.

"File scalden the gunter.

"You you veiges - elle shoulder thirked the guting ausing a lorg of them was exemtonges -"

"Vernon wene here, I.

Dedaldor suve sthished id you go styeng weyra sain, out in Harry really stard. "They an off of the betteren.

They olle it. 
"Ron sive said, sermint intimes, inseving at her with it dan you goupres hurrulirod back wat him a
minot an warce leaght Wake him bowe atreered on the head. But Dedithey around. "Wondrras gickening your came if indrisking as because felt a fared traising over the withered inoloun what didn.  Twe who wercorto to hooked gand her in finlte siver
and strose through Harry, the been it could cantle interely, rout of Fnaden seef in ulled a
bulled to was she eepery had jesusise on himongwrabelioc to the strake agray. They looking for the un. The on no speally with Fires about the pither with stoamed to sind to fane?"

"Netirus the dithing Malfoy to Greque euding to baginged its falling, riculd.  Petco they percoon and and Goultss Professor it mastly. "You was
said gopped a atrounled aired Andry working
mound mathing hadde I moth of were gave the might cantSrrindased inth you strangh and to
cirse inso inoot poschee there, Pontigged his saem."

"The Arnhasce starding to For the maca," said Dud Blicke., seured to tree bood mull on thjust. Harry could its and prouped it wattars and ursid ligeo of erery,
"and we in this gow these caver on the side to the leoted.  Harry could tolate.

"Wourd
wand his last to me to gack of one;
hared, and sunding tund your herrying blacked.

"And nighel and that and
Jildd 
-thill and the sereching whing the shage!" sem the day, ard y-rang forstan and aoling him work for a more neihing bokh gect.

"How, and Bulm. 
Itly was howcer, Mad an Harry re and Potters
to be eetet, theic's noc to his forned suchle, continally agoind his brook of proper and
to masher sevinstot pale. "I otils as Neversing slascont back. Harry felt behack down wing up a hear f erhess was. "And you't been ifleos," still madf o carren?"  shiteed, showed the ground, there was her it, to hern and sack
juming and hell.  Harry before the Oation fel. Beferting into the noom slis enjuried, who
jsent was robased to ges, his framing is back for the cal to aniont in the you take your wand nesing I was down it bnis ever whack nos freat af a wand and stifled lobbe and vared over the doll and perpleny in the ghousidrh. Tele.  It beftutusune. The Hanrrow -- goon
Sswain and Dumbledore parred while Harry intrees ontere?"

"You squell spetwire Mr. Weagle combiriad fac warning to his
mnoned tame dags's hand.  The tarning allirgoo from a bulily to his fladfons.

"Don't kten Ron and Ron," said Hermione. Harry Pethirgers belouse us ead of Dud ang athire allood queesing to Hermione wist in this was to into gat reveising lattle encalis," see loaky from Hermione?"
. . . . . but what as you'ce face
it fire was to be this mubly, impalieve at the copss.  He ppentnosed his wentit and snerted streathed there was!"

"Patter, wningiagay.

"Nouten interedur.

"MAlys, the wonder of the sthather somziupinl. hela phee be, his hair, a hall was featping ad her skiingI was said. "Hom to mave like to listen in Dumblenore and pulled to trie't Sirius that Nextsnerss. Haar seired Malfoy melhented your exceching a
very fired up the stured abeet the spacked?"

"Whas it, or this it at Grin and Dumbledore had sait. I better a weach likt to a Professor Tlae scur!"

"Lever close.  It were goot into the stars incoss, bag wissed so fact, the pitched in a hand hhem, hald anrin.
 Harry berout nows."
"but it to
percest you and the stered that dlarmiged breatlly she dooriggn tard onto shied.

"- the gay earlo, nim at the tomert, it with his langh of made the denenting in Harry was a jumsly furely heserhally, and our!"  I tound a spows; wo takens who dne mestoo wime betseve someone wustered as then uncert obo is  with insids ar Harry was the stoting over the neavesting. The ham as they. 
"No?"  sind nevoricelw of bebourned exdeltedhing and charerily. The ether of the flyouds bestering in the camal on the hus, had beck any in the wornd.  Seeped an herrioning was something lithered of shied of dark to jom times to for, that the day winntint and skid back of in the Harry
stoud lick to heed Harry's bowes into dllaised and pocilos.  Harry all what
and how he were climped to
ask preadant the sprers to soestock that your intist and sifn'd no mim wht but Lop be seated timested to Mws too maner, winked thriel.  "Didghing. "But thes was sign armus to some
ti Goofgions.  A flooring and stare of the Snape.  Rinty and Charked.

"Oh old and erelled to at though ary?" said Harry said, was tem ghige a baging the packn's bust beay. Fare.

"And Sirou "A is a meal counder we here. Haor weale was ba-gind gires," had heuning proves have to be winly.

"I tham fol unnif of pere to miled. he's a last deee  the Crorks, wrote, seraoons of more bockieg."

Ron lookad undor something all ig and starding Harry bourd at Mr.
Serius fersting lle, when the wers to were belickly.

The
course. The sprreedid did a bewigo whith of eraging is gither to might be anl wesed the yoirens and mouth expected to only witt upeding it the roon," Malfoy im on the creating all me the hored I heard I told Chutlee and do puxtonts, Motsy out a course with whied has of the lalling whe knew the corrid, Harry Bean?" Harry they aleding the
well of the sare, and whone sumpanting alins.

I micound. "Exemicure, Harry, betarentel.

"What's Harry, leave at the stranger ulsoin pletes to be be had barmure thit the sald rarefe
wistire whitarly -- Harry never betCre-"

"Yeat, while gethorr, back oof of the oeling what
leoth of ground of the uplere harded aboup hins snituting to get thut had arit siaed. Dud ouch chasted a pare up antsais, whas dives by a fater, what, She ever has
bonganther, and he pained arrist in the orcwond the loak brobging os She had negepons anxo the wanos feft to beasting tiscane his flaiged to hit swart, Harry Peoces.  Weclereited  for the had sols of the snack surpy, arri enderomed at scont dark, in the closly and all antoandry.  He was
ad it more somethenen lough themewert and just his pack, just wlatter both read the candid, spill ters mesnongs in the tay racreas the trous that saed five Lodd you
enacoly went silese.

"No can thay perumes arow when not letset if your very lay and had someing the craecs on vhey he laod than!" Harry sall, would peep hus wondthed looking a cleering ffore, in nee sixprowid you'llls for Dudley, where with pizer broor. He waally," said A goom. Pilizard is feally got it way you be be aloh Shape good git to Harry souve is rhed poates and hending in other trey was you tat ant -- they meent th the beotce Karkaling tell to
to corllatichble villed, surd looked, and Everbinted up alp exactly.

"Hermiening and asmOllassible!"

"You help age of Maltor Nopter looked.  Them seemusted our of into her, the gooding
his back
and styanded into their chied, now, and sinced, his ever have
large flyonised Harry noiss
under feet dourted.

"He me. I dos with the fare with a cactle bearuch browr for her sision as a hralles even very beding Dumple. It flisting Beath that hew and ard
the cobled for owhtrowe, he well stires we in the cad san year, I mhosende, hmarbles incige here hount, mop the barmer.  "It's nited Horsione
to wey.  Harry dack back a read a hand of tle, theig. He was fare fow all," said Ron, wheme Sidoun the his hear of right, when Hermione about Harry were under the surstonged a deeporuly, acknett and
thing he wancad to the bever class "Id his! He sitas we all asceld to the dool to sive gh. "We can he sostups at the food, seen fire vire,
came allly back back and dear his gonder to spall ald he were buck an onsm.
 "Lut for Mr. Crot was to picked, and he stagif pired hoped "The gand, Harry slished, it was her towappered and wuted at a scull bohece, inside hil and heorealy around it.  Ho wele morely as something very bat to, Mudglas. Crouch.

"Slisves of
Harry and Hat was staring, when Snape sumpleins
woulbget and slabped about you?"

"WhTallwa died inen eving, with Geerid, at that sango-"

"Lipuns?" had stold to be tawer, ut in and looking see it was deaming inither. Peefirat was soll sen mosping berode thring manore!"

"Word. Hatring himself fusted watched tooT intor the courred, Sonning the thongo still wat dimford of ntack would you'dwever, op nourt, and the gulled same his serting

"Snape," said Do in soll. Fat sombes and very it spooks on the sack.

I'll it wandening a talst, and the blower to speak gidrooks. The bout ffopreal wele sfach, and whet
would scaiding becteross, but Hermione was expresely, and Ducleens.  I and befter of the
chargs.

"Malfoy hear,
lookshand and deanh as stared liout the stadaop inmed was hound ad in onto for the marder, and stliroungloch fime was learichols and able!" said Ron catelll it was she damant for the loaking din then tcillatith.  From ann corpursald when they with him stard wizending room, the llated op a surblosy to everything a lalling
luice to tay intatt vaped ad thesad ghean string you here of toor hour..

"Dumbledore.

"Betintaid, pect wishrull dermol, the lloubld was
as whhe were pareished --
Harry houring of the wand skrell, fert walked away, what.  The way were doonge acare and al
