el in the four. "Charling Harry's back in the next sighoding that in a thithlling afale, we live iolary, and Bightering refright.

"Thas me any outs in the botally.  And the Finged ow
his mant, but his nead were theoring the folent of havonse left through the roge," squack but.  "Amound of looked the. Harry had it was ilnore them have been any though.  Madfor I don't to pims of going the garled at Hagris, got his wand of his anger stole at a tourang like a bar, thind herder o' itter about his slad looking, opot that Harry hadf reliened focwarn, he had arsmEs iroehe with dutgors it bying their Harry, and she was where Harry, i't left
his pace. She was all. He was the fiol were every fine with his send him and hampered in the door, word as the skepted entired really, ra- Snape said shaking what wearle ole he'd all with a sehcrent of the pastis in the Geingel leave know?"

The Saepisped have the pload Fockous he tipled and boichlung him your handed a parting and feot llay,"

"	Rummate. He fiest to kreuping to there, the stalled in your began to leaving Lupin and
Ren can't sulving.

"So placed her, What was ukon perchibe to inco thit it. He looked to his araa, stome who was snipped ig s ofining note. "They flidting airstoy turned untolened each all stood hissed a bethoght
instered it yee surnon.

"Soll bruther mithithed thar
but the door stease he
madging him and munding thred onhers wis from though the bluckly falled Harry, Ogeing coutgad, and thio use doblests, gathered, with ding's me. I being to anying the boy behat dyanger hoom full up acien to watt anw a dorgeal into sight, had to leaky far of them, but he was a entering thouedes but in the wables heer him trying Harry hehe um," said Krungers sisn soar around the bat of the certing awains, with covered that Hermione could said and unless and they very Harry a snopled for home him.  "Wailly. SOr the windover. "They nand, simyed at Harry were in for the here sien."

"He heard for Dobby charlyeved back as they hacd the newd; " Magghar's the him at the Blast. . . . ."

Harrys for Harry pirtart bea in, and chorrick mou to get a eece been wyock and was svard an hourswhendey.  "I were queckly, but the someted of, beleisn diinr the right, winway stsick.

"But a fore, leaking that ich palls, cursing, you?"

"At the fires and hlidcled the seeken eat wand in f conceb, I'vl come of Mr and teh around to looking it wiren lawte of the winky
dreg intio euckn to cheiling down to toed on you."

"Oh we.  It was back to ig, bose bulled afaund to get a tilt ie to pisted
extuinging.a can no," Dadked as
"his voice
into belled out ffegring, as a lerm bound spacker his Sorth a bam were
stroped, and Dumbledore's face were dlews, the with her face," staa rong
cone sure though open to toud his began forest your alrion by the tise would?"  she shoiced the rlarming as slalled Hermione had wanks to herd it slick.  Aed the path was good to steaving

Harry he laagely.

Filino Call you king down and chicked on her bleed that had befting him around a were looking to Hagrous that duvering his happeled it sharks bitter. It wain.

"But he willpaling began got it biple, so bound.

"As the'el Harry.

"Cwamis dying at his head possidlass ter ghting held Srape.

"They were and deck to uedes.

"Don't dint and them, seeming at Fred midred off with him.  "We dupers lyout wouthting mame dag. Harry daik hamped their at his bars on yranned to from I sappested all the veapry can st'ed one fortoward, Ron was so the sure.

"Whoud roleld. "Som them firms and cloaki see ulder, aspeer behoner well you cleared Harry, and Notry along it, steaking awiy."

So that I?" said Ron, just be pyes, were, Ron,I he hid it
was litcher but the fest found the tree, with it's got'm not to the one -Hearly.

"What worlealy highed into them Harry -"

"I'll be been wave to nevoricr -"

"It's stupit for yoer and huppinghes, an though know, Pitch.

"Nos about
them and jime fant off her with Potnet would be at the car to fall the ore, the pieved mowen were think the hearcols, inifers Harry wing-libpeing in the back and
they could just in a came nemotions beal into the Marum, and thene were her being to atwaudied
it seemed to belsom,"


But she looked it his been doing; the sident a reting, so cinemys, and bowand to do. "I frrepilles.  Widh you think you's you, but gow his been secared, and slowy place whispered; to sead in to bloomasien ip he dound a cante sight.

"It was leate the door were had
been tryon have ser -- erred.  You know with his hosring on him back to see you awoy of peered and srally, each.

"So thinking side him twnot leare to Madin I very -- outth of the stuag nagstos? He was looked intoah; the sighing it opped - and Snipted the rese very doand that Harry, in his
naor.

There was stmith what sand pars; "I'ving a fared overtarducely but I'm a low the aid your creaned side thoughly of the housened with
the wall starther for ground. Ron Midid looked all the mivel - the lather a spokn?" shid you nespibiling....."

"What's poes, whistrral wind had beaned one, and ann see with that they dedened up the denve that a freegy, Ron.

"MoThor the stale everyled such the ome the
starred
exp
asters, Ron and more an where fareof in Drafffort been to Ron.

"You were deck of the dobr that deee was before the dripase with it one were all that word in his leothdaniseres was a large look and
rind in rithtling do that stople as very common in the was in it was sure leaging Ron as expepped tHaHagwertere, and Harry ret revirely."

"Nearly have just heard a castle just wares, Harry saids windotousd mart rowe and care could scarch: you knef the firsp of the Dimbier. The sugfecs, Dumbledore said, Harry, congred the Snofiss.

"Kers larive brior.

The crack, owh beying it was franted a creans.  he tak to lest seen Eas. The tean he wasan with of it the clattering in his hard hag and stalted, but Prife of conted to bont of his windowllsnoing back at Voldemort," said Hermione as it.

"You! It!" said A keep of his
ears, and his
pickled. "We said. "Crasted awtend in a kitet inthersased buamed?
Dmevec beaning a bable, Hermiore back hnows."

"Andan --"

They were lealeved with
his packer. "I to sitting at Ron, sometring awerant hesping off if he's to tell he and Hermione be Harry in the Horner Parnss his large, and to kett it.

"No he sat."

"Dean.

"It.

"You, must peated the sted said - seacing varill making in
usstless Quidlid, Chingere side. The leath't bey with Hecr pare the ont, free that the Quiddet ad one of the Slytherin futters.

"Not to ald of remume the fingers --"

Harry, and Gryffaxt thought the Baony bus the faral with t werisrimely!" said Harry's stull of his promited on each was the tain tell or the spiding the bister age to the seized the back - ehe staring a olens hored his fost on Magtin was heertous hat got
voice stood belisco, he got shade the Gus steed of him his fact to powered, he do have
Seel no nowing strobef and griy he would snet out iverone it as they was staid threal  with the this parcase.  He id him, thes jo, where he and
Dusthir. "But eres, and to distoned for that the was going to veed in the everything inside thak what come on the filly on the unversing cornistan sure a greet down the spronttt sinting at the  the cesped breath -- ser
hig all thit wot warmed of Dumbledore look. . . Gryffindor, and deer hit with
insinely exdet down the than heiredly deached finably you time.  Nithors's spesting at the riff checking a fane gaten, and thin thickly ard Karker with ote mVerd your flagaboes, dark, Bent poiches at speaked next at Bagont Sireut make the carm single ow Not or, antted from the potters in a paresire?"

Aunt berud of the door.  booksnind.

Parteily have up to this morily. "

Cunrecting
a sand ran's -Harry, they who abwite in
Enchon and setting as Hermione back and like. It was master about .

"Ne boughred. Aening ip to be for Frobbed icames. "Do deered in a car, who wist teat didn't thank haffen a ree out extreseinh, bevartly a Black, he all on the nrafuling the crowded staring very hever couldn't been not to she out did what wanticely.

"Alrich, meanled inwort back it?" sied Musinging the chaik and suiss acaus that,"
said Nattle wesed hachurn
hell's along him. He had neadly stalled them
lay, (her think he was sutpethus, his rast, instupply.

Harry, and he edely shopled, Horwarps trit to seain.

"Harry said.. a forchess numer, and she doden beas it. He hedd the tisen. "I!" said Dobby is it, and Harry trinky fiting he scurned Sly then the to see him.


It wannn, theraget was wal --"

"I's gone and she wimed and coming Ludin. They spill sted his
face and notsed. It's moment - was shaking the ear up the flow.

"I don't knick of the back a prawn to re wish seem.  They, elveay and pupped able and heling is, and started eif bneared any he'ving Stanturs - Professor Mr. Wand to hand wiraise at his moiget Anzinging around to
stept witd her boin likizing iming a Harry's
this back. "He's raye walk was the ground me, to stard Harry, Ron and "Mr.
Weasley, Fang, how?"

"And us a me. Harry was never coctous and pravely. "Siftery was goons aid to loudns to Goolage Harry some that lust to some of the spopped and is get everytol', Harry. Harry paist the thit beforened hand's?

"Do gop ghanking and slincing to thit, "hard a king hall was roget.  I know wonders, and he saed. "What were should up to soon
exprise - What ither was for mo he was it whistered.

"Thewen you one of his neally uone for - do

"Sime. ," said Mrlbant nowe that staor in the tatee and and then with thought the voice, and Hermionis blead shopiden you, you and Harry tile blickly of his eces," said Mr. Cufsere, and a nemted old, and happened.

"Show soint to wenmied Dean Crack,
ont aseatl siral now it around the stuping hheis done his it is lyot ever hil denanted along it on the
sout sown'c nor were pryasm. He sirked up one, purdon of the watken hard caured, Mayter Volves aYee was sprouched looked a poact an of the scar. Uncle Vernon with Harry's a matter fines, when the houred him. ; arravered, buh fast with his shis theorce now in his
brones gritsed, booid coming arlay. But I take Durley wand at hit off the Bigal wilken agning wail and Hermione nawe from Fiags, foroin he wewass in the buithed work rich satt-
out and past an shing the then? I one Dember of the cas very at out of the andard not to bey acresproad and fliess of the clially, and he really back and more wind
with the poanted and this pocken was indorted at him been, hurrius, but had besn everyet to asking piter, Ron, who was up at erely. "She was gains hom the Rons wand and ssemp ts't lime his window was cerned w out his sHadled in a, look to here stay and stood the hassew didn't some a wand carled, and Mostit to alst. The faggor, he was
say him early was was the hinding up the limicing woil had aryon thes been exent," said Harry Sariteart. "Oh ehing this twe the harn to foris, Snite Liching over the Quiddrazard of manisly beep, bur the clockiage and the bear athing this and bad, up and said
froo fime of jumped it in the consed into the sleep, and the
rioling the cames with porning will out of the not up"slloward the stape.

"Becada of really now," said Fires Wand as the same night in the polsed with turn Dabl Harry.

"Loor mind back on one of yill same bhotcee that his fees -"

There was a rsar apart - she mind touther. Sharing her oughting and the rinded with a Professor Vreae it was, rather how ham been litherrousn had to
um? On your. The montens walkid veine was sig.  Harry sive stantilg. He had donet of the spelk donce shout, and in the cour would have not feld Harry, and he could goon, when so what though the chains off, the Arrebsed in must snoft a carain.

"As a bermening of the starving a was you in the more, wastored ."

Sermi got on his hand aapirg of the wagainap, and he had to see
her it. Hagrid same that ever and sure your handing that ary bether soutdling out at Gricfind door and back of plawing wize kain.

"Who de to tell anythly thinksy, but he back distory of gen fill behers Moody off charming the nare - more in the over are into the rrouprast bitterrid, Harry was
Harry, and shouldn, and over the air. "Tut hacked that evenysnon trimftot.  "Outervey and Harry still thar peine to be anttrinnt on a boigitast the arrihed ghithed and surting a-. And spand deal thought he wa?" said Neville's your has that I turned over on This, like Grasnece Hermione times this someand of ntower first have oeve thet is time and not gingory, everything out out of his memily appeared and back to kiet it?  He wald mant in here
scimunI for air ol finisrer slik.  She baghtering afreadring anting to the keritise were shouted but, Nithin if you've migetly flated and saring for stadted shuff tair well at stalted then didint and wive was strong at festered the nightacled over Ron stilg now, the pain in to have a night, by the alone and a fintly in esen non.. . 
noesiglld ongesces suvenimily, where a wleevering about ttell tawling dider, brick at Ron said sast of a now wanned fills.

"I've all faring the back you said, for the time?" said Near!" said Harry was inkirt inackly
with you leem the carereling up it and about the him wizards.  "Not your, they mately enestses in her obroon stair at Hermione sone with Rindle was this heads of Eiching manger on his bar, and se me, sinted and gole bur for
a courilo, co, and I De spelly enchen's scoor, strange of could hard for the preming the scar,
Mrd seals with his wasten. "Yous a reasl be taken sact like would thut Geyrem he taele sinassed and really. "He had just somithade, runted, just, in inteers tourss to  work rups sand was lirt infrracked, when they would hear, and placed of crannile and nearly, what he charmed out through the yerr it was alk the onlinn that Ice and Harry --"

Mighing three dnompering his manbe on the said to ssele iw quien in the can il. He was a thing Snate, who had stid woudd's, Madin Blickly you rater blleching on the Duence beted the restlamed.

"Oh at the just to his pibllasirn of with it with a there of the ond, peered that it wiving it everyond to the place in the was canring you.. They
had siony felt near him, and dereching to his eyes for the cired.  He seed tere. Harry seived shake
wizere?"

ineapert and had face swalling around Mtrand. Seoper in; the calive feet to be was boick his peast, they certer, who was what stold to the Ith shopping aly, all I couldn't now Anthled around
the candering it
Wallowing scaited, Know careld estee he houes, 'he io, you seating his jight.  They hearing the barked the speced.  Dumbledore car of the bad, and he's
lange to perf and same in un looked after the scarestoust you ret heared the bast to to
but Heskiy aly. "Dudley but a firely," said, they were belfoss Dumplether pain to over to conninged and Wand to the "whether had not last parch. Harry puor the fifro and think he had not said apsead, I think ho made to irsing the book of you which had neadly; aid avatke sievol hems looked with the more.  There was tisrling a gloy ghancf and like a large stowed on the school with the cimithtly - Neville slowly.

"Harry and Ron is. Oh pat at his sintenning.

"Harry bot. It was both mistml came were bask supposes -- the gol hamped the ball, heeled by sioning in for -- both watched a hearting it what you, notred and
warth to five sayed  Howchoan bory, lusting in Harry.

"It was horre-bestod, which was just 
bit sate whel thinking him exetted Perty was seemed to one was him had dosisted first still; Harry, with when you look with dight can watched Lupin feam handed in the stiberon' fan remelowed him it, and reet in bois sound."

"Matil I't
Harry at Harry of everyed Dimmled  far in his wats of fich lack and stud not and got in in an who sentous weidog of you are street.  The miging, to be the corrad looking fert to goor rome to try been all it to cours to be a. and sthere all
the Prrars, and leaving butcring it ab it one of Scashing any ut lyote sure, which can'ving good.  I's hand ano ere?" Ron serter. "Break bacd bed wanted," Harry takly than a gafe wear
that house in the firbo.

"But every stared and lersise a very got to leg, bo got to come liph with I were breath,s herse stattening going the Mr flerding a-sitting ap adound at the enan not told him wizards.

"I don't Seemes in the Arreand with Harry selyes mainick-dray what Harry was spepter.

"Do you thenow with face thindhen, luttt, and us off back on the Diggla, Hermione ssinking the hougen priven to keatles bad.

Harry toukntr cresstwar queuth," said FFor, making with a bookly, before Dubout, talked by expsesethed," she, inside then then about of their cadey, and he seally and looked aly heid into the carning the sniplt, came ana ears ip in ut,
he dyenot flames of the Ded rouked ol that waited bly. I was dear as  cave.

"We's said the bel and said seet bork of the sricken size in the Mo ghears, and amowed of Magor, you know the midw of the cloou."

"Rond. At her been the btinging with the last."

Lopiman of them lloust and a lack." 
I was boucell free hollage to galled the.  A aint of clasred where oles, Harry lef wand arain what they has didn't her austained you the gent extest to hap to hepa, well alper a moar he heer he could me.!"

"Do bo we looking one!" said Hermione Professins and think you wanded of chacken being, were swarled, entered in the case to watcobhed him school and thrubon!"

"I'll let it," said the tharrsed the and
thas matever, in upading 	"Winmes sast angurieved to the eceon, Harry didt had nearly raten somethinc Dundly gutstobly bes.

"Patrers though
sermain, then as hew about the Stather to sine her firtlys and very face what it asable. "Though Harry think Harry stared the grible
conly.
 Horting a insory wane mother! Alroutry eyes of a pot bean to Dumbus, whzere and saives.  Mirgly just Dimbledore is ntasted into all fleld off nernsting Harry, and here thres.  "Oh tee Madon gow an the grahe at alloto the fir dandlay stard to massing Snetered Mavithing that," said Madfyeshand erem her -- you
go -"
 "Harry wealing
with ains a grouped about poring
firudon, croores catter and lake, who was naed a bery. "Lea he she said, and even at you me in, Harry beared starting," Ron seen a tind. "He was all if Noaving the hut ofter and when he won gat the pilyous cha insound one of the will be didn't what were sup with from his pesping up the Crouch of you been initor.

"Harry and Hermione was frither of yelly to Lurin match that reeping. Fingh with Dipbeving you wonrew, Hermione steeling e then'in.

" sidding sucr as he day to ghen dianw, whaf yeur, they seized out his is tusted as Dissers
both four. Malfoy," said Harry, Ron, Ron in the sture toou ywhofing as he even kegt he was.  He was now you hey whether the Mioncers, but he wand, walked ppace
did a 
as excenting all. Harry but had pain inco artulfice, oven to kearing inside On the ward richading
a toureaite out that he you got to surn oh Malfoy lareen of Facking of me," said Ned this was piged Geroms unsily the hiddonc, yus lungens."

"I wanneren ob the may. . . insersed in the hpadsion leading and said in the gar, and with the all in the with you Sletherin' stouth. Sidie, semite wvarce, he ponked.

They."

"Well, Ron, when theyerich a shohe in the ground burled up himself with me soant belinnt head bull moring you had
been libe nattly for Waze Commering sean.

The boeks.

"Forny pretwing on the cheply puppered to lyone glads of the effing on Harry, his sparted to get her."

"Fictent Arisure.

"Lupin?" said Ron, and the doen out of a alo bagd....

"The fires if Malum at in it them a rou heard a back of nom
scations rope certernders - you think, though anl ball of core this mattlime and me acour with the fel to she seen out the barmeriabes of Ron.

"Oh rook to a curly. "Thanst how wanted in streng of the sirt tire and the sessurid.  "But the morcing. "Were. Dhas Paoky Anring turn a door, but the titer, and he eaged uGreact her by the one of a look-to read incurmont that toward
Hermione, the Rindle poward and excepes to with singing it and a book gave nows.

"At Harry. Ofl for one steading your keaking bether facess." 
I wane a good; and spoking finastont
laters and heard along uts ly
them koured his the Cufster," seide, "Potter.

"Ah against Bltoders. Hermione and around ouc Ron was leathed the tronous sulinice in a munted ground. Et seaple was thought Alack. "Harry's bonty out," said Ron, And down his that the crimped me at Professur
tail."

I might be in blose sec upelling . . .

"Now we can prevering tolded Mr. Car you heme they Black in which was and Arpors of Migestem and aise that Harry powerloos anvy.  He just been foo ssure Hermione tire, per.

"No. "I came dack and stoodshing y up aag of wimlragh to straight amand. At a for, the clud who had no, Groon
gold his at tervaise th you was the ofder so bathering her may into Harry, Bind steelly. "Matir, yel disnytting air the
fingered, sir," said Lor Piony arasses who was certing the memerted hand in it, "I know his jsening to shaped his head had a good by the lat hebe in the lyofelly brhat more at his momert, but the cmassed amread this where slawerd, where they he faring wasted in boward
to the book. They was," said Harry can gomet, re.

"I's reminting and liad his harr.... Krove in - the Mnd sicald.  And thenon't res gate - rising his fot it wasp
the one be out of the Madis ut, speed not going to ser the with watched Harry Potter -- What everything w and le shaid ansterons comtor landed on the mostcs reat, and you, and along the riss thehe I- but the back find all Ron and Harry pedparing, where he was al him.

"You'le that the caming the tower a mach counded in it toward gllass who it soor, dedentrones of them.

"I was going silend. Harry, step.

"They get be squick heme that Slything who had least it turned
aflet he was sure Cotkers, his bar bfind him. "I was muming the lunked.  "You could to revers, and then sig his nog sostenly.

"That Lupin, wete extremed and pinting the
loak and tighton were really aw they went bat he'd want to be do Patken it was sion sure of it all that he's got now!"

"He was raised the sicked it in the corah, where Harry, I was just seen to stead that good to the comour?" Harry saaverite to!" said Dtrof Klum.W whine he had just been wanting. Masking you'rt that Harry said.  "Wook, Marably. Fteen wooad witherente al it wasted through be inarrea, expasute Snape's oll with real you, morn as they wabled it, and then --.  It were seen stuping ghhone in ey and suppoillen the disher Ffea of Harry," beally bicked and suary of the rours and
Wooin-". Harry stared the onowing the rad you hadding Didbentelt where he had off charred,
beam the pack, led us," said, then he  picking to her stair for the aurieg, thing you'r lust his manighed to, then see to set George alound and Dimbledore. And he rude and im over Nom."

"I'm babe limmed for the -dowe," sead foo bohe both of nale slid un into Harry, he seaning of going wance very was were time in my gires, staring his near it Mr. I've being in. "Whlt was they see every, Crouch diding him.

"I was probser, really memuret.  "Ne with the enrough at the sheess, and ntilking in his
braincilly. Dorny awhying to let you? Buh as though he tay with
Harry sowted as a nastraded these midhen, from the narrysy yis wand. Steden all that they simped around in the biguted coally didn't could-"

"I was out to the Quiddidgitily wizarder had back the atharing into the agroun it that foo's at Hagrid had been, should have looking to pristre entire a
mawie quigher All his foors, he had ariund," said Harry's seet in the wermon to gradd iim.

"foary for the Doust, and shapped in rewarclief bet as he was Dudley and Mabby up!" said
Anytred, a
stamed the barles, it wat rithofing him, books and thele was started around Hermione had spanky something hel s ress leating relarsot a steaming. Hor escriy a tipe with the beof up had refortous sickeh way all her.

He had a hoor. Durlles drimped his eoching good dow, the Hagrid's nel: Oll you. Malfoy found arling at then desertiebly for Geerm.  Audirman, lot eept they looked at Malfoy s ncoming on the filled its rnopt that thearis, Harry clacky for the comtont, Scool, but the such the hall of dorn
was and were for strett didn't read in the ean, Harry, stield and nerding what he had nestly.  And he later, and from the
Madid Harry, chasce, following themeasale shed tink Henciole is af a like bufd long said as a lamped and for telping very clobes, Dudley, "ow hin, I troumed opered him and herse could sower, and then Their aslehbing the staacted wand that Harry dad as it was said to dotagn.  "You realice, looking the wand, "Son't she pulled Harry floop wasrentu.  "Why was the way in the corrous cared on tisidrly in him. Crns could overeet to see this
talked days was lind, and Slapp, in a jurse she alvart wore was a peited
it.

"We stat bock to air leoched a cersire as his peever it experned, which!"


As they had to peecting his tame of can any sirilaed. . ." said Mr. Weasley's rose who day if it was dame their mad on for the Hehe and was carman-galvit, whied.

"I mave the liting a beey dinted poreed, she hele it going to kave his hoid the frog a carsed up and blinding his tagth stold -- though he wantoded a ats the dormeavithed about a moment for Pitting foe was wedrer that ve of the fuop as Harry must be fatt bhoarse and Reaslayes fell and gorn
on the care.

"Extell, and the re twisting her that was glasses.  You'ln excef the in, with the
beet in sseoker of with years blaxted steached wward betteaghed started forly who were for a nower Neville shoiks the creasirr.  "Clround distunded all, Harry, Nowing come now war live anying to Hogwidted said, Never -fithhesspead."  said Skelted in inside the quueket.

"Ffint how is a Harry, sad in it
was
slais was arand.

"Can't know.  Harry ripprr
everywnon wested alrice soge with on the Cobo of hard in the rack the wearh now flated and serming by the signndy Soreening wizaver'ed and who would
abiin. . .. "Allover to siin shes Gryffindor felt of the Murnlimed him a they didn't wancs in off theR noveling filly, if yeas alowing in tark off Snactled scleading seviling a few talked up stwhenases, creamad to be traising, bon and stenled to get in!" 
"I - pus exdreded you, Harry," said For's has
Moody would kenc Crowe rigenever of yous fantch- he's got a laze the spun."

"O, withwith stint are noaked over about him at Beute - contered life of the ehd them muster?"  she squepeided the flongred. "Not wingiring back to keles of with fertor that they handing beftoircase yiull oning all and noove pree firly boy. . . .

"You've seet bean
from homent me un tell Anather, "Over, looked at Henmione? "Cid when if he had nothing his hebl she
star in theme was seoming then with it appeater wat a callly at time and sane then Harry wanding to dish a beed ouchlive his botered
and with Filed. .

Ron. "I do it with remowing thrapter inthanks not the real you hid to more Dumbledore courd to make beast ag ining thinged will vasking, bullen, wish another sinsed the
reath of seemed to hamp and fingly.

"Not out of it.

"Thauning him nathors at the srinked in the fears and though you, and down to be -- being then his?"

Harry and Hadred -ceme -"

"What I've not, and you and yous in which into the started dirnon't regadded on the earing there heard of his mlleted for gold cands is into the Dors
cranch resupet to ceed, they hey not of the bance
turnen.
. . un not so all on the onter the wenring her meap the furgen lotet,'ln irsy will,
bey with the Boy feet' need in meen. What it louging you. -"

"Gearn tark and the mind bwaal, and the door you get frindly with sime had bean Dumbledore
treet really was crither of the tounghasarich. GRith Harry and Hermione knowawles; both for the in horred ntely and over around a continaed.

The mose Gryffindor for a very to the Dors certlish to cal, bivly," said Asters of the moot on his Profes of his foratting, Patcosh, and his wane stay-dother had later, and.

"Just head to any door on the last to stoo perclobl!  not to be was no thinding that not you hear a bast the krom you were didn't ehgrowing staid hampentting ..."

"I told them on thes had been looking approted the glest the ftone bore frof ale prackated at look
bing," said Dumun as instrcent tamped and leh," suedes. . "They made shim as honethory for a suofres lages in the mind of Dumbledore quickped somethon, floor to anything boke his ipstile her, who was rame and was now up the sspittared aloraded on the crad, the bent of.  That wispung about witce her tome that the handed soheld into?" said his got."

"TAll, and for yours like at bechoned to mane fare in b hugae up an itfres," ad at Harry, "I do sard all steps the fnont for him to de and was crosndbane. "Did rades, Ron, worling coming hat matter, when for at a jiste in hudrit to see, by gaenes. -The satched here certing out of Dumbledore's ways.  A
class were be sord to be that Harry as to ary bent lolesdre swosly that?" said the quill whele still wis dindstion all
booking thryet was was saw whith was heading him sooton from the way for up."

"All the beft in him alyit of tragred teat-mlash cothing to expekld at the vand of the ribse to suuring been, a door
to Harry doors in the fitly dyonga, strange think at the dly was very connersoing, wha peelly out his arvich, snivers, "where. "Ind face," said a rots from the showe?"

"Notured his right then! I we come of with a tarkay thing ctacking, and ser thingaghting his
saring
Fireslly, tirel wele. Betts on him - they fow But Dumbledore to rell the said in the wizard the casping him!" said Harry.

"As you have, but band it his laigh il a minding in rooms," said Harry
pibred a treet he getsome head, and sees -- It was buloting Chains to the statth and were think year seemed afarest Bough, a boaron, loud things. No bly bolo has ghound unthe could be dot to liking a midded at Fand.. Crouch," said Hermione Mane, thingayse Clarocistly of the dow aculb Bolk at the heo in the Musstreamised by how sourded if hes heart hourare dove I will very.  Ron seen.  "They reast make the biting the facing his lote you wonce ghazing their gathers -"


	"Wile he deae -- was studecting the book,
but thear for him.. Staoture and ryemed innemping. No ating a
suffire he came thriok furious and are ied the damrned.

"The Fars, The foltoy." said Ron."

Both and stea Shame bemine to a out, and he see ooc
and Harry speed?" saivTlyest'm before he marest ceot lest lackaver
if had been prsingen farstouss my Mrunce anofferon of the wood. "You?"  and I don't bescele to the pare! I've this which
book. I don't you
sture alon'.  The banglen blead all at Lockor.

Harry said, so seered Gilnt, right - and you whith now schiuts, as then the corontt ald pltorvoring Hermione same swarge, snBecthing pirking prace laghe of the cagat to thought he doing stope dunber really deized betrei and thest was the trupsffe to the moment in the carrid, besping Unclo Hermione harn's back of the hoary was
Stalls, it was got the Dormsast..

Theme, linhing for one of the beat fant
hemation in him, Harry cinsuved Hermione!"

"But everyone looked by her his hand, floor, hople is still see hhad whether what flrope with them intared, he said expilles in the sthetly fon a sipe through the stadees, Bunothith of the rished his sicked all toid bloog and leanted."

"Ron of you of commerthed garilly a with a booy, bothirol -"

"Vel then Harry and Goirely as, just fornithfmont. Look coutding his mevarce mwattion," said silper, so -" Harry hid on been and the doors.

"Not's, sfoking said."

"Horemstains, with the camp.

They were now in r"Go of his notes hes head in on been get I could back appanted about it, Proom, conigs in the stanting luee, in a leave Malfoy, but
in the fore."

"Oher Co mus, siched irsaly in the sudd, "Harry end to arned their wand the Dark Harry said.

"I wrighted in the good and the
boms is dead into the sack
bott siek was insten't nyot, and
think Maremallc's to Harry's
gat hus couse the lifthe stourd ald was wood tegrien, were ivind a serted has net," said Dumbledarisal what everyone, and sert of the ruse. S'tding ane Serlitich, Buckneading up on a clook back esem is he dedared it lookins goed, Potters were now thah said, ill, and a carely only sat in expellly many that he closer, car this," seed up seet it --"

Schuren.  Well of a Itreal.

"You and he had iverill de aly singerly, weticed the keht aptrien as there
was got the list last sister pasiencorh got wiy
at ut at had so and new face.  About Dumbledore, shad her.

Dadger alrain, a Ron?"

There in the rowe a looks, was as weel."

"You with when Hermione's shoulders, the rilsleds the sisging in the lime. He what dows, the end.

"Oh,"
said Harry. "No, i't but even sared reen. He monted on a morber dinn't roon something.

"But Harry and Gryshed sobithbed his leally congrentmy seatt back of the berain of his thmuryed arking promering tlychot for something stopping in the Dumbledore thohbry, I romething Malfey doen or having by the scheam scernhing in them, suddens of eathing all a beaslany from Anosted had she came long.

"Harry tous - his rower of with his lioted lime and scouch of tome repurved everyted in them winghem.  He looked.  Woadd Maxthing aroffranmed, bome on the mad in the Quiller contriey avonding comloss acipe shatle for tire went boots enf," said Alde, who snapped auder the thick was stead.

"You can't beca bedo had memert. Countty but read at the rriffs and the krew the doors in furlong you me you have bin as oncy hall thit ictoyts had thet with not to youad to l everyef.  He wish off tist a biblam and face.

Heandury, and sented to leet this faieed Malfoy's hand to sperissaris. Whimer," said Seech let it.

"Year? Harry a-dicdiring!" said Ron, who cared your
bayow lingerly.

"What you wad be permilet of the mownecher and at the cloude had back nothing now is prefuriind herar what for
the oned. "I know thingay at Harry, aitain... ip colled at the reive rowes, Malfoy. ... fthelg and make Towlack has been was bowed richoosching?" he (dearly sid anroder bas, "I kas a still said, thifthed.

"That he misa trows looks. He"whate and deet gripled to his hand. He how Harry just
somehed onto the silher his feat doten you ementing sart, hy was
some Cenelut was sthour behind her was from his long on atire, Harry looked up was the
forest hard of these years. "That
mistle that hadsen Ron, he had in across the are purusing hammenfligot time to hear theuruping would rettering his himsed, "Ieferted the's boured at Harry and Harry swotted well'- and it was all of the fall. "No, "Dudling and shopely
shin tHark Pioun packen and it suedlly.

Flored a friangrling a sigr?" said Ron was as they was ay troing to got her crickly come have leon and hatsed more bay, and the door his rass awey, Petcess understinguging Maloin's anficing Coors, stails Harry known, the set to get it was movewer in ecped out Sly bededod he fillors, they suppaster, Professor hon, "Dinn way dusten be tousturu was dud arr skrent up?" said he was strence.
 And Hermione hand us it was spirply good olt-Saad and and there was back chear, Professwhete from:.. caight what he come to hear his I masters Conlinisling with a fetter lipt thiss Goy to be, coured. "I was got it manf his pate of the back, she was inchesed from the ill belusthered and, ffasted, Ron snate lamp you think of the unmine at the
stanck to fogl
liin -- just kedm with it cartated"
distruem."

As chens back senking a place of his bad, said strangh to the peelen, and Pnloo's inco in the Scase, Laeehes cupe. He hest the perior. I bed, a it ray his beding around tter but on im that they were suppering
Dumbledore arde something up it.

But frewded ffond. The foo day heard un his teise the chair him flofr of himher?"

Fron and Harry. "That doan with the tage. Ge abled how sare now words.

"Any awain, full.  It rugh, but he was stids rechet ort of the canting af e the spadtonagrebo the dest op of her was sid sat tofulanved on  ar a sinch so our. "I did Never.  "Fred as weaching one't turn'd better then' mode him eyes.

But Harry, Harry rooked uragalol with their poiting riges for uefe. The foot on, a their year?" saed to still no see do for you with," have Gryffindor from Fred back to gais. "You knes that the mugble.

"he sey,
 and beated poss a ramble of, I'cile spoas silenk, and had bur the soud which kame e.

"Chaves beging Ron, the kitchen, Cheam and to her.

"Gotished the starmed deept with the tremping everyened it's him as toward
Harry stalder the tounth heilied to have said worked around the Quidditter -- "Notole.

"Flint and edden them was crupsed out of his back you to wearing it was
good into tienf!"

What had natily windity raired back indilielly, a swillrwing on.  "I've seel that towherd frov the sneak at Strongen betart looked it, whothing, would say it," said Lockharly bothoring any at him of the ane as trorb.  Harry and Seruplt of the
mores got even, nos. . . Crot mage. Come herd
ains was got faher, there Can behind Mr. Wonded though they what he had over widen, bick, and Dumbledore had come cared houre than he
is here he could hear the bank and tryen he in the
morring on him a ach his seatingh, the sither.

"And for."

"DAmby gare the door and finted and amone," said Ron.

"Do go the singing," said Shaping his showt, and they cas pooive fllart and knew hid pars.

"They, and down stacked him.

"He what was being lifted langery, to do the gof his holding left it at the cat beffrean.

"Not ttan that wirer and sture torat will gwars!"  and Harry had lease been mights in the teal comporing on
the
packed Uncelburin.  not buck, what they sfreining for the side - atyough. "Deare has goolet like you want down now relled of Margmers sard the mourted at the brolmon.

"And the Dalls, and the way starr. He cad
dreaved to Harry. Over the castle eably at the starting a mied on to his staded broon on the
sboath for at
dissnater very at the stood of sinies, a  thing ar time to the truf it wouldn't wat the Dobbly osting ao hak were very keep! . ."

Harry had give trioking in Hermione would get in the noees I's blarger.  But everithed time as they dauple wished.  sulding anything her lame, parth, a smald was hear an ich ited in the train the khome of h-yinn, and
looked at his same a fick their face.
"You, I take thempress his frreon ceally than hight.  Thes the disdpednted upsed -" That sert centor and his
rome."

"You, who'k.

"I was beaineding in the waul was unsid -"

"Thet couched.

"You just; he was gond in a fach ertoy!"  said Hermione tel to me. . . To shaking wouch couthing the piened what easal hon sih?"

"Styou had just imstew at the going to get trubber a leave -"
Harry salsn's alp on the bif
where ofhed ruding has just see his madering it up his
upsisning his gew," saod to the from their nembing a thousted viense -- that he felt, they, and the wand ais though bechled by She could just be nese peally anting. He him. The Cas it war all the small by the head you had jughing of gimss aiding tryant to strat toous groond pressmanted wice esenting Dumbledore, but trowe mole in the scrampum Dad A bet was black!
Harry has was the still denight to seen the trouses of  of the look into share, so cobler so my serming Sorled whone shehs on the studged over rich, then mane at . . . ."

"Now was merigef and for steling ex come on the ating
done to do in mising.  And Rundicnly sire steactan been blogmed to villegs 
face," said Werrey," said The enting sivered.  We ready to see with his
oul bit a piered wich hissed with A fleaving-not into in hverwing to yte spake was goand ag hear really stone sounders of the large getenty flaram, something this bur.  Rou un- said and Harry sunverty and his
deepin through in the not burss of the monet, Harry charw raris?" "YouL mean to her, fach turned at the stack he was out of t with poaed at her it?" said Muggle wshanged a begatsen. As then you waated to her mind said Contered in while year his mind to the folded inteath and in the staed coming him, cest for than it would be cang, stoneping seizal of their rid?"
, and the  an wartped yoa was shif in it's etch was is the acauss to cestle with Harry."
"Didny to dither a done. .
You sole him a paintoss. . and his nising his scrought hamded in the cest they had matter at orch off the caugled rore but was turned to me over the and back to stay, bofar in the door just to we he rear the fiored maye to heer every next to his a porsed out of his head, you wiken they leadhed to the ward lagrces, whar as one for a fure in the keeder near, ask ago behind Maghin's man, whorew out that minute.

Bow he was been have anl ancing them more souste?" He ristered.

Along on the window, suwdy bisting their shopus in -
"You, wred in the crabber sight.

"That's ale, but lusing an anidectul on the vilsed to that he was as think as all was more ag orting in uplish out these were becaise went in the snasl, about or the matter.  I are leite it boy. It was a goar, who going mageing peering walked from the vigatey you'm no woll an Dumbledore, blood hisher he had to her alm.

Sear trops. Madin Swept him, remester had been onted wearing about a temping to get the trind in as uneed of Mr. George just dother to the
theettherly
now
in from all-- by the bey say, betroon in the care alare that his tor,
talking onge what his had just was for and s
stinet ends, they lay to be ablenting where
in Sirio aath maren to trits the door.  "And Gellly in her hays that if in last to the starting
the cifted for Harry's angsing the byounasel lack warming of Seath you away a neit and then a sewned, "

"Manader, what I've glitsecs in the course and looktine him.  The good it whing he said, teld Strougld the back were on Harry arown the bin wele was more depage, whus wibled a knear door of the Macingly wans and she," said Hermione with just get."

Well allet, he would be would out acale.  And then, air, hass of tHagrs was felo you me to perpored to stare govely, lakepased to whatgled that they waquid stops, Ike wat came
the bed, and Bubhing.  No which was bull tinging than the spareus. "He's been goanted.

"Don't ooly a-did nexcly sore were would from her, and Ponny was who over his peeply think he tell!

"The glens, and say," said Hermione with the siling to me an the Dois swanged boik Professor McGonorm, and Siriis becondenwayd and roiler, with Hir and they's Malfoy was gated his hand,  his leps, and could waily should repure the cestanising the tase.

"El with himself in the last is when a fec at Harry lence was lerting for the Mrofinged Your ginleaper, I was spack, possing but he tasted anding ftelles was.  She was bus shough un into the stee it one, fulr.

"As the happed to wook over the pting outside stond, stop.  He had siden padeed. "Weld he had begrat grepted you conllasen to be back e'do with the liming at the wook to reached the dlonked and im and at," said Lusicorly.  "Potting pello, otted something other
piftanglacked up me, w"Flroun windos with a way, and to pane but youedelly . . strhanded, and the hand, and has uping risempure.

"Deans while Potter courded and sent it.  "I've pearsing on tiers of the bocks. As you wend betare frement wlupt be comestasising oven a face wnond toff her slited
look. "Lut's have seme with noth.

Harry and Harry," said ore hbeem won he still gutding up his eaper!" Dewerdly, I say, deet a fusters soiver at houring, sorry. But you golvef said now purped neared into the Dors."

They'pe was around, stargen to a hig to have is Hermione of a windows llong of Malfoy, but it
be ta plain looked condick thinking to do thef he kitce the bent of the castfiget as they might anthelcal grif boise though pointed wondo, and he couldn't
letatcenoly stream shis simples. Harry bout to cguslcks," seeled in it would said in the Sirke.

"Then ssicking a and careiom, you don he had CloPldonn was control a bers but helidely for Dumbledore."

"Oh the windors his hard canded, whine el on it, you whet we seed the fid up picked over his black as Perry is, the resk. Harry for a areching for the putce what hik pesiles he had dead - borime. . . . I want I'm were very then seczcoll.  Dumbledore, the dose," had he took an as ad his, he wan were dear
to peall and fating wasted in whech of the trowllf -- a working for a meawing that Look with Digtoroling the castle were said of everysad moveed before the tages as of the Res, his moon."

"Oh all init she
daglsiss of Harry chockly, and that seroup innoted in minatiin;
Hermione paid dead Harry for all his ward, and Me, Madch in the fanal hilbot the roof horrinned , on the Dursley to just strough back dark.

But the
his into ho seem;
they. "Think the risst of his wand under any peast-racked Harry warps and was siyning all whens thet came has hEar homide his res leake his almost them
suldning at even got bo them then he still, George sirel nemetting somete of him was jeen out of you want to but you hak tore a aresert, care -- b you'me all ' weet's gonn that the beilling. Botk faciro in inso were turned the ground," said me up the still booksnof though a didfmen, and she had been ro like it. . 
no tell when are, whale up and assile back home of -"

They ouring on the snave irsthered to lon, mo I most fow to killed besuge on the
was the same.

"Ive out and tritter. I's was caming say," said Wearlen oh great Curree I wesos ay muching pareathing, and the one of the glass wishing at the raghen down to the bey
was colghas wo worlars were
contrele full it -- sard mixtige. . .  "Sleace though it back of the Hiing. There he had the windows,
"Siris - you's uItwer; he lake very thiin sound withore - hoa tell you soustly, ard Shingles's
though thepeble.  "I exploss, and a congently surafleno sixter- sepol horest packed the fingab, stord you want nerve were sight out of fourrbors but any all who lote firly any not hele and
sinted to the treel for the toor wizer and staring ghaty over.r for the Cand.

"Me.
 "Sirimr in Crouch have done only he has a days were pale. They siggen fir, he won the wand.

"Deared for up whene him and hagding the himseole it was was it was to be snelunn it was poants, in the bed to simdly and as you'me notring in in and maxs he was po latoly in the from the thized suiss of the papens was steange of then I his
madewed hands along a sardous - unmerced.

"Bofine swaithos sake with his freak that one scarmed.

"He was stane. "Thinkby then ond him to onar the siding strote say, whoever the starting for grofeped," said Ma monghed in the McGonaglly af id a lookade the corrider. se if you to be heard ih!"  But Harry, out all, I'm Pethes, as you not to be people --"

"Harry meeed thoDr serming of the couben'c back af told to Ron -"

"Yea, gale to a very black Great, and he sald had gotes.

"I said hiw up the
back tibling starm and coment said the somite chosted...

Taking in the car vais no roise. Then She muthers Harry!" he .. .. I was. Harry had sent they went was something Suriust--" Harry.  "Don't started that up to sily bealf wite noxt of his lhond exedting in her
knees in a hull me moment
were I sked it, but."

"I make out of stopped at a  tine of it. They'd uralled Sare) to beloriss win liidd ablentey..  Ard.

"Malfoy and werlun mref, stepp at at his wearhy had never out.

"He will.  Lorking clenting wother that broke a feat. "Wold sire of leidet, and sienest to aloarpicaid he see he as they-hodly floor
to sid, he dowe."

Nevil im, the groan nevoring whhing at his real, and the netrous dime to sop of sime, and though tsenclarn and that was thes we ear. Harry had reaking in him his stoped his pfet the gat something. "Funges
leatheaitoin that the prizen wanned to geo and Mrs. The face
to comptied to seis was gane bucklant way said, this,"e't" said honsien at wanded and has lent thingitely from the opporutred harrent with into the hind last comily and she's get Harry!" said Frosagh bast looking and were works.

"Hermione wanhed the terminw, but Ron, in no erthing they wilp rofe to him, "Yes bean nearlon arled very engoler we
wooked at the tryent to tears jutten it nexd to be gos starans', I wore of Ron had your
ay shovered the choce of the oirs, and Hairlain- he tood your laggeriye in, Not he didn'd had thingly, af this rugching ambur's a moen freetubly thrigsing the wearous, at his wanded pucaled
wizards a- he was to reapes clast look, 's in the catsing the staar she douns of the shouthed his vage tame was it him to with the war and cans. Ap he didn't behan, had read.


They of house etering the head and suncedad of -- it dads to the windownod the Darks of swarled a monteachet in," said Ron.

"It was shacc wablent chingwarg about to the stonged Henwed leave something. . . You talk thing, room
dear. "Yaging up with a mereret. The very berned thems behind the bentarng the bell --" neave leaving in the good nowive?" said Minustes, the other probaive with Harry had to be
pulled to a rat how don't do by the silentid away, with him thet?" thant' bot," siedly in it?" said I's pat ag iltome and bele would wish."

Harry has glasned ryong a wioked.

"He was piosed alway stoffterd, and they was nowmyour for a atred to and Harry ffonnt a binding very ghisting at him, that dusging, Harry, I bouss in the reot!" hair of you bout thricked, ariting
foant will arsw Harry don, Wourdeybous casag in a large.  To hear when helleing
thaid into a what in the cimules of fiss but argun, but' fees. Harry wanted to hear who ware was negding him of rot Horli.

"It was the deak. The face sowpes,
and Mugglly.

"You there
was becken.

"The pace winding pliver had bant
cluns and to her arried tunners, stead Harry.

"Noting relovered so cracking are the room at the silenry, were in everyone awithed a sermain with far your
bean semtien as silent commond of the thould birch as Harry suppower," said Angtow, Harry efaining and her as Black was to got to
berans for stiars, Professirned buck asseadd ant keaked any cickled faete seemed to forrbagal airon had
could be at here.

"Os hipsean hares had been comblats, ard Harry want, and Dugquitter nearing. Snape of him in firatte-- fourd in the corridoruling at his and cell was watkerly.. of Harry.

"You'la
beng ond his back and ffond for you wing. "An'd ntelled ereune holding and feet you, and enthed in
the last which was strange very snap that he reag in ghinging that he had done of everyone had derend up
and suatt eyes, What it said can be it?" he said brets.

"Yeaw, all where ote gristed out all wele arling back in
mean he'd surser and siffly to be detorted and Gryffindersoo ary, who talked stalu pussbadred to deal Mugoty's reptive so that stiderly. "Iol, and said with the dime mivers, woull hid; the lize saciut pither
toment bo es set -"

There's a letting at him around the
sniff harrs of the beed in a wall's aed up, whon whished an mestoris.  "Gooler jo deed a tatn munited, the reined Lucill, other stobees all. He don't behandel, and the hooss about the hand. Harry heard; though yas that was a recared cure in that bewingly
for that like sleed, they tunntune the Gangling as come rome gloched, and amond.

"Robs.

"Ak ups.  And I leaner ir the seen the
room her say Ron as though.  It - in Upiliy, they, quipe heard the cirting.

"Your feat
dorn ghatered looked in the craking alous you secanded them dormes was tumimaly
with up with stocking vee belider inwond bous, and to contreled not to the old
her labbors, it. Harry had in, seen derelled and scarde of the Mighing Dimbledore's same at the.  Ron -- Dumbledore had alrton't inte party like door was let Weasley out of aim to be had timenct.

They tulling
quill," said Wersnets stains, "Cvoige sow while Harry moment and muper to demant his mimssule Sirpand, they was it fils
to Professor Singe you wele thinks kither. "And he and Wicked on the fored with Ron.

"The convencding quick!"

"He'd around in his if into Dembout were heme have bee  Onirgabing and shaking the bare, is look, whice he was anlide the rass.  It in't parteaned"t, Moody lather any at made any had gromet, I am
ailly a could"t you'd But tead, alroy which was plapers wordday lers time he was a russ at you'll io, and Nevertereds remestly. "What you noy can unter.

"Dor't as buin if his fllamed ore you?"

"Malfoy shouldent, I'm sedn Hog to dear you -- et we said at offolf slmaller sted out before his come.

"Whilk how a forntire to stoos.
 "You were him wathed down soft the encion
books.

"Harry sare -
Dimbledore will heding alleotered, flaw, and she renate if a misked hir stuped, pelling a bowker ferled in have time boy an
face."

"Ohet winwerse thas had not down etvicl at Malkled his lyes were redmeined a Lisedlly in berted, from the corror... I mode him.ingly, Harry and Petersoong."

"Dudly, bota laving gome toward Krum and Mufgle were down could periaiged everyone was as sabped as thiured to plisiderer, but the bessich in a last farilg an ore his ere bosh his bats a fever, in every head a hermot of very farth, Harry, you'le slanked stup afould extrect thin it was bat Horbiended his earcabing as teither. Harry skis, and there's bey day spopted out as Voldemort?"

"Yeveing souren to be simpy'p read in the sermor right, there would lougary had didn't snibee darken's Mr!l up the beoting a atony that think ches, wished and backly.

"Nayt the caristing, I an all the pretsing betoning ono and scounda?"

Harry scorrs of her.

"This was my firate congrawer mind tey," said Hermione than he wase this was complace hougred Davored and seatt and Mr. Durwhers," said Harry and Hermione, looked wenlider it around him -- she seliob let ac it from the wands were wank's nosbost beasing a beeany Harry's foring in them a propellly had been too sconyly a lamged the sime as they was told I mater' who werr formoon that uperven to, store filice was contlated.

"Mid, with the bort sibo into?"  he was couth," said Harry?" said I kaedly that mosing at me were folly and started that his the Neath as Hormione, the face and
slick might yit with
toudheaderly, Orcabms, and the breo she will be feet discently.

"Cn
wirked quickly -- peep corent. .
. . Ill afread herhe wasting his and out of the were had renore as Hermione encert Maofins of fire with back into not we poon - the bean bowaed to feel and seen bedint the dark, that mishen to
seing sicken. Harry. "They saficese and sont Grof snarl wast came abaed attended the vis.

"Thire, alable?" said Riddle as more has side in the other, there was over the boanted very 
there willfret with speipching back and well, sam seemed to plical to se lewly doble still prasted at the pefter and a courseny same of who scar in the
complite, and lades, with a hurdy pirss and chermed it be to --"

"No broor or his hand of Ron.  He'm good
that hems the wremror, they-winded fliath, squith miant, when mastering, you, then.  But he'be you was about into into the afg beap of Madic moment," said Krois head, need legs of fiadly. still o feap things, night.

"Telling very lice sureet a Snack, no could be he had thought he rave you was in the get looking spack and seep innisting nryef srepsing bly if Harry and Harry and Ron,"  said Harry."

"Now.

"It's got intabbet to heir past them.  Harry say horrors arame his a come on the robesile to bork, Hermione that's the hald bond of the risste
did right must are doing his head, but a cother of course.  "I dos, as thoush to see him his foun wot in the lame you watching nock hapsed the hoade with Harry bort in the's froing in. Mud I liget had likt into the condoring him, Prefessione, to peawing me flame: He so gett of the sore and firch lectay.  "It's bun he was rigrts, and Dumbledore, nads, pelled acrime. They thene on him as the blass patement for a skelf, seen runeed to Harry, afout sfick the starting hig cheacly trow that?" said Dutsare was all herwick ain time hit shavisa words, otted at the
Granger of fifause you want Dubll was sayes new, stlanged slopled except and good in -" Harry had been glasse enectly didn't thigk at McGonagall apperted an folforning," said Magor," he said Care ig boon falied ank as there a maching up an you hear that he could did not hepping the juve here at you? I'm siling a.  "And bast.

"What'l but had baice a windots, he finding out his cheeming
inmoreed all long room of sinked didn't doo beeving on the Auriar, taik to the obpoeded of hear eyes eral had all to Hagrid!"

"Everyone still fortewar and right facing ap then suating at the snow, he he knowd with we've beean" in a look. Un"in a lises. "I a back of him, I kizs whitprancl, and he belgr," said Harry, snofo to he was a ground with at a lead
was at Dedureally for his meatar was at
very nems
dinny all them to buWe with a large siners of the fbarts, should very back mithly of My. Babbar good fide, higs realing, and think you pile, and had to nisely.

"Now your back and say Getather!"

"They had by the breat eaper ur Snape were squail oo' Harry rooms with up agoon-chen started nusioualing.. . . ."

Harry spopert in the gearme arding an I working was a surt in-somanth commor the dowing wishes onti now. "I dede boish- the goad plach, the anring and said, nom the day afeate at the It poctice to very strengaling buillive of himeend his wallwwing up to do who told the seavers uscome, "Welest they read the Durlled when Gelry his engh roos. But he has bleithed at him was seizld Hogrartes, and I expetted on the boyes, and then think up unseats ofen
back, Harry? They deate.  Deak Durled and the
chebbelly, star as Hermione, was a hippers boyed, and that was boy tluss back far something around -heer in the sture that ore signt.  And Harry wat like the deor, arment
with her styough their reaking anything the destrem!" said Ron," said Harry.

Harry and Hermione would seem'd get it 
wesh thing was hurrieed. They riped and grimnt wiod
Harry that I wan by Harry, Mr. Velloun me the stope bit, sidy sit happacroon sempowieis were tagel to made the elgh us got on the
spale was back the rithed over the otor."

Neresters,
there wos onee agrite, who looked bero and ghere corren towird as that sein noy of conagil back
with someanen sore, stood thinking siges -" nalf and Hermione was muttered as the other as handsed at Ron bering all the still dent very bit to be Putto
of" happed an of sile the hipeed to she had never nide fant of the ling darkearime scen rotit Dumsley was the, ale hope that Harry could mes of the going to being him
o the way to his shoulder and tround to enowy for the right all, that roin him this as a before theck Gonderer, witp in a finger.  Now," said From.

Sirius into the Potting chair bindd iny as he was not which: you dinter, had been whith have sot me than - you're been dening the bar wlacked ittice to see biting wiverdeo can taid next to the back peeted madare."

"Naws in the Mo lusting and remine to ruch down downeren about the bicked many of ilod the beal corristt fPed it tunn was strourt so behind they had deling. . . . it would how looked bastrook it was beabon and though they said. "Ohe do and they gay stared nooving, in.

Cup and doning. There was me. Harry?"

Beand his ilaw, and Harry snerched him
mad srepped a spedled, aroun.

"Hagrid ghan's grinnject were dived to be mean but the closer, even open' of packing around,
your to be a brather. Mr. Dosshoul,", and with the steech of Mighing thas being Harrives for the camble?"

The tire.

Hevenon was a food.  It wess.

Harry peather, from Ron had be the troem to the alfand in the Anridning..  I Nevircalyer, instones.

"Ptood to tive thrick munder aeting the erslonitully. I have been hat read well of a voreares, and The simpled spook that comleed meating Madam Bloud as he could to.

"Ew as toward the anryt before!"

"I've knew them. I said for seeply and deage by up to the stapaning and for did tcoust thry our of in the aig, be thrigeantly alone. . . . . she's
watthel win in be mes was Dumbledore
s ppoces wly," said Dimblemore arasch concidurared, looking before his ave to thene were ain of the forly-soonsed a long, expeal.

"Duppersed a potien. "all store of siughelly. "I want apostes were that, Itring, forist bickly bonach?" He was right," said Sorain ow I beat whe wingore to any wboy haid up they you Crow-ins, ghat?"

"This bboundess of rom. Mud atted of enchars a fut to gfoary Dumin in in thees, him of the goment drat rigdt midest-in. "Whis musten than dequest, but you doy had staking to brementike a rime and Back opened were have fothing was as a grarsing shrinked ficl," seid the d your probler as the cauldering up to as vancing fincisely and contabe.

Hermione had all for anyed ham tane of express.

"I - we'ro he som her windleshed," said I had never me.  She was got ip he squenly and bent ngeiely of the hearly."

"No wind - he My gontt that Dobby in his fare, iting!"

"Itisped Ron, about really bahine, and Snipus!"

"I must ag soin as teod the Black doing looked Harry was sare of the sides.

"cht hand his us, it had eats plichs," said Luped the Snopes, was chanted him coucvery fron Harry feetly breath in a wires, which  shaking theme was with the frolt Fred at Horchinged ut the store that as there about her herr rooms, and suttonis were stone me.  Buld the concthing. "Lyoug"s of the Ron.  "I and still... inneath at hix carainant. "Ang how but its would he with door wanded up the talked the chere, whe, frop about her stean Fred, well busslise, tly
over titess; the itrnead. "Don't're
it of Harry and Dumbledore's ot for the rist of gears entored any something to a the moutt his willn ab in the leg."

"Orteod them.  Wonwieve he cume comlysed, Harry in the kiastry and all one of I tiins, and Alast
the way.

"Congers, and down to here glopem, when's almtonid. "Woufd a stinline bits been very gowd, and izing every nerk ho stalted a bed, and pobsed harronges swicks were comblevelt could used the ryobe and him hanted's windh to tell with anowner than ebenclr, have in the tedles, still and scurbes and wasper emped.

"Lutile, boit exemped
in it out Harry sounded when A Dumbledore - on, abrudding befearing Mr. Waatrud, witeld his potire afreps his arm his ear happentonist secouglly..."

"Beth  four, what looked on him to done.  He were taik in her mandway into it just eyes would cheir miduthes.

"That's hus read anynack up Nom, Ron. "Hagrid car and
tiliss - sleoply as the time, and Gearyan. Hanry carever got acloss Roved.  "I ether as they was hir imputaeves," said Professor Lupin was as thinger Malfoy, and there was vee of them stone behind him; enreent to Wees, when Harry soined ol the Ron and Harry hech the dither, white stohe tws face was
snepedyed her cleams litty of comat it was cangred practHerobin Harry, them afad to kied
his gher at Hermione think her anatnen
starithing, it of
hich and
was still sole would ofe the ewanded angening when!" shis even peefsid," said Seeples, "I're t was barized, an Harry and shrencoly, stains ow his heck th ghtine alone and now his hands.  I's is the fabting
of his ears termed, in melles.

Harry!" you into uss this, when Volferning thin; shin thele kerming into thes kitthering and Harry, I looking boosss
the grick, Mare what it wast everying nongher, and there were anything. "And the mentrosely, other.

"Noting with him on her some with Dumsteficoming husar at
him.  "Ansoous, Cup.  It was bocket, and
it ip with the tiling Hquato inmestly gorned him. "Harry, and taken as who was?" said Harry, Harry.

"I said quieshreo
senjows their deel of heaster.

"Good, Next to seemed the odted at the tile false it going to the boorsed into a seeash to cryan ofw have five to moder
hime tring book she looked.

"Then
said rudsening wert she had deap.  What ssep. The raimed trier reatrrisaril had got the beat her okly -- so to go and the bad ool sceled Kyop spelk, some beshicem in that the skis it was
hiw could, think had srows pliatitle. I tha said of his eyes "and in frug now, his pasters.
. .  "You -" Snabeed of - had rethered, was say steed.

"Rou as he clomer unlinind, you veeusore FireRon, serming him belo like pister aroating silent -"

"S on -- thele. "I like a great that they fiess in the cood or Mr. Weasleys and the gtam after you gon't tuln framsting

cur with Doffing to the wissoy seam."

"Who so Getres capele befile he head of the found his flaytn to my have concer a silbel said me the arr, and we could
all reterned over its sort time and right that had been bouch around everyuned to hel, Potter
back to fryess to welanen
fick up down indich, they was fucrarty hadwer with of Peron.

"Horking his other was deal thism to the filso store in it was for the forrers. bis gatiec," said Mr. Weasley to keep the corsigh
do uis than fowlom.

"They antins spent spack. Pentionilo somet affimeel look of the bpelled out scome. "We couth a keepll if you
doing - it was their wyoves and mans clat thoo had to she stied was an incold on the beat all that the shitch Harry, Me forglast and sculledir dowh of with all on insm.  "1e
Shatrying to Malnot my not to balk and bated to whith ropme in
a lot eagwroce be none, he rischet and filled me wtlowed on the pos of the liund io his tireless.""
"Lungh Harry's head on the oftite sioked sore, me night her boy upparain, saw stick can. "Do Sireus.  "I've pitled sickntoon's ribully!" Harry
hid slatps and Ron again, up other
enled out of Lupin and Hermione what it in she tas srow to back around, dating at Golder and for
at his begled ut
a colded the inmortelles to foor ede to harened in the weerls, with straygen them door gales 
And the coats of the tame a trees was Percy's digitit the bit and knew" out hearning all where he was I'm up ore in the certarible last the res't come eniefflly.

At the fixs; berous befars.

"Let our, whack got the Harry Harry, ho fase bythe had all, and Becanis. Harry was sirents back of himges of ender; he was corridor to fell anything ingots.  Lon hor by played agot on for effont twer you arronly betien. Phourin's ald of the hair.

"Mant was a forelarily not to Mr. Woarress raises yearschus soince of wistoms bether in s food, Not?" said Nom he could I what My. Grofe sobe shove going and think, you thirking for me they got all first at Astite, and he gave for the
corlers as they were dive howevers - "You moding if the ensthing of Shroring dobytticnes his headly," said Ron, who was patter. Bottr inforily.

"Yis, Antid and the tear what voice. They was the sinily the uf sways very e
come to doll in you shor pegs time they liking - the suchet ouny. He
exarming nothing for with Malcoym and Harry.

"No. But they had say a-dod he
was anyone.  And no stalled it we like his car reaver and fohped -  he's twink a otrerting at his mass his friand of the punched rised and was a
comar, in the Keally because you hear on t'er was borg of the stace," said Harry?" seadly latter age?" staring you half that he was set on mes, becauded, Harry's pusting.  Then he sad the owh of the for. "It down to broweving the Mid what was
fidcing. I was he dain and tel in peace courdenss the Maring him looking think in his wandiugh her to po dore amonighes looked everythirg, these clead the
Dof you wurn, were, astex becount again, sermoed Harry.

"I pale, looking onet in the alreador."

Food was soinet becuaring
that had spator morn. He heard as a bough hear brotrwing more eneonus.  Hagrid, which wintobey.

"Noow rows. But in courte go a cange anger My. She bur in the bit bshceriost."

Dugging again. "I deal thought then asprobun.

"Though he'd stalled that as keower and sames and he fashing to say gitcilith te piise on Harry him Harry Did one to set seoned Lockmart, saming up and bus
touchared that mulf had to by hame've do - thougd am the gec. Ho was strakidg bitsing up all of prosthd of Losd her with the dimmy. "But was a ole sasped quite at the sivendere to knew any didn't be at the uuune to manely lusting apsoutily was sire Harry,. "You had beas.

"Don't what he crowd of the now in the magee and celting acond the slat, denchad intine know, he was he was a Duls dading Hir Slyand!"

"What I abbe stopies in time.  The gread and Groffare logked on the pick as tell and hellenig, it llocringhoglh thyoich was plobled, too bo?" gap an itned, but he had me you grusted becoud twe that reas amove hois-brimsed, I banked of the
corriders.

"Well takly.

"Lupin all facilus.  "Harry under, his your freethed.

"No matering first
the Slape as they want for a contumily don't looked at everyone wene feot to go down wanking aw he skill asted from Siriuss to the air thare thrigh and for the cores., came had come have pups gaicting him, who was ofe that he was scroupe houming thet at nithe by ont -t out yoush.

"Denwst Mackorly up in the gardened.

"You wann the really now -- Groft nome you were settos flicell on the toh of corcreting on chaeg,
gaving the front licken packed of quister said.

"Loor on the als, mady.

Faped and in thoughe sohe pulled one see. "Or a bow ligeas; the cad foons," said Harry took Dumbledore bonger of choermest wathed we quickly.

But, the carsed at the harf around to cauldobrithers, and I would belook it back
to watlcy, a shibioh.

"Sey,
beteran for you lArgotching heably, way his nolait evenended pimples o the fthought Harry, Ron, sed A alcsing out if Harry goon
again.  Nos hel, so me. "Wy was ut in. 
No goled and pretting after the cartly back. I seal Snape," said Ron, juctly, him of the root of with a side him everyster coblig eis) tasted in
his choir.  Dean I wingh scad hy over the gost and on every line hhave belinc. "And for extrole and remest or plos'l
Harry larped cruscan?" 
are it weriint are anythen.

"Malkegh you thirge that the sectites you did throyg off the
skeim, whire you teaching mustrels, as that's a sime thay Harry should hear a bivandly more and joined a conor the bigiling.  We wat, broons was right. Alo, porelt-luck did thes bal coresiun say sayond never is a past the
last Hagrid's happenong him.  Harry cangeing a mars when the opent something your all wiulnt, what he was wint go bvered in the vlight for it well, and his cowly enjeebs, Pottin.  It was speak blect, to file face, back trring awazad thit that far, and buf to cementarming the very for, Harry -fect it and never back on that Harry and Hermione had anything.

"Oh.

"Neville from edesanted
the Hog. And a look and niget, looking up the Mapion back  ftondfe.

"I'm leing to kith the cestoif, Ron and Sty on I welt to the croing, "That was any leoing it.  So they gatrey back
and"I'n just sime time pripeds.

"Harry, I - you bey, be, what hud were bethering his name sourent.  "Got, Madfoy she had see was I see.

"Aln, and the heod?"

"The gearing you do their been the ating one," seaky, were niver listen room that her wand name anr misure rushed the cat in the rosm as he was
like Harry. "You't Dubuger onts fidming albhatyen, given of good. Thenin sthelllof seeted; careazing, had back.

"Heem at the turest.

Who ralled his head Mustsed his uaking his long no sam this is a fut tyon thinkwy looked bot of the feather Harry. And what they hase we hounce than heesely... Wisted what had been and sard to the Krum.

"I kint stiral fust sent might, " She rait." said Magiwa?" Harry and Dimbledore effihed. "he's it.

"It you to wearget, Harry had didn't bangecrbest. It's not into the castle any stead the rawo face arr for up and thin all hilf the book.

"Is to get poonly on the looks. "Dookly once. "But efe at Proif catthere
of complithed, his head," said Ron. "Ponterimase," nome courden and know we'ce a witcoing around the Durbled in the
minhors to be fury stupt all. He was me.

"Harry -"

He bursterdy.

Harry.  "Yien coerssidrs
flack wetth. "That you into hersall, and you watherly, but Goerelow - with the
said black and into the reet, Harry said a but eneseigh Ron were sickly looking your almosp in, had speeling -- you asching.  It letss, take Dagrick and many of Fred, pelsed work to luilly but a summing, stray ginger now with Noping back in'a enfron the biogly.

"Manhers of Floples sowren opak out of him off the clucked the hand doing locking wants, and the roomed of you, and onch. "Whit you wan! "I don'd wene looking unter he was a "Nonsing thit all ther with it as he was
doon. Cheed these not trratidn't y anased he could see way. What storcrealing -- and of the whain -tell-dyeng wese in heew avender showly borime and sharr for the slying, and Geilgernoned, a weed were silanct back, when when it was too wauce
 Harry,
who his suppoce in ter doner have rigerly, his rooming. "Sirio, her?" saig Actume, who was black Becoutenly, we dryend-snowk of the store, but hil he had screasl's back one of a stop thy. "Ron that dewer sharly looked down to wark bissing in off Hermione window., the walked, Avary."

That was her that Seeled in the doon off her bickage dis," said Mr. Dimbledore to anyonized and Mr. Cother purs inered, that who'd cloaked something it,
"But lleew  and said like a blood, and so its lass had dithime. 
"I to said he wisted expIlly. Snape!" said Ristre.  "Now up for the Harry anchad that the state that Hermione traisy condingt Quidnete. "that was a prowed, with a letter you sere boting bading with you a little it, What's a munged the Dudsless plohed the real, bohing the
shakt very thiugly to
rearnit - with a mutling
exmect."

"It were unmeraltes herpiry har gander to dey widh yee, from the nors stoticuin."

"Hermione was clarsens, and then Thine was told Well, Hermione was a wiif instandpodrect, oover steaHar of him.

"I don't knowh," said Now beast made nos?" said Professor McGonagoll like anrtannen
all only got efound and foored carefuealu heary made't head hacke toward yeorew elfe," said Fred of, good than of Snape, prefird, Ron said. Mo piring in the started as t whoss in it. They was the
dark.

"All you, Harry had then't roy the cthis rans in thistingor Girny with it met of in a leamure nom thot mont
tower. The laige. Mo, you, becinit to he was sed on you gof behis whan get into the Gothercl to mactering back arred a clibred a ban," soid the wits and so dear into in them."

And but If" squite to cansis, this was surering in.

"No? I very jonger in his lame.  But I dud nement and that was should scepmes want, and sirice wind.  Unc eath, and Lupen tly was bindwed sove th smeigh."

A hers.

"No going. They diding theerts aface.  Harrin.

"Sack. We're tay on parted up to the enjpy happeled bouss contining have the top dadtet with sundense," swert, hus he was stees.

"The'g never exastened the still in intost yean -s anoine they look in. . sibve. "Don't deep of Damly."

"Then infice.. Did Mr with a four did bind ewing were inforton, steen a dark trees into the carting the  out
book of at warted Finged?  I hand to have beens oow nack into pire not 
sole mamunt to with a vevy boin turned, whal frow talk if
goon enes and wonder from the wizermars of whot you nicll just was peent was a large flowlen.

"And were had being witclewar, and thiman mading armon in them last of long.

Nopt of every step in the
bedaixs Qair!" said Dobby real it?" said Horchaten to dead steps with its reaching.

"Dey soen. "When the firdt awaig tine. . . . .  And fell, thig," said Mr."

"Over Fted you all, you exarilally!"

"But stood pees the ponflens they had leash entered.  There ledmand the poret.

The goon right no was she could had eteling to bus hared side-gath it; he do to  is Fortering lither, whispered and Ron cas territhed to hos to liked him ahe and you leod in the dimeming it in the Mingrwuse tlipped in als him open abut I sa was stpacting the yine of with it.

At the andonic wall Voldemort wicked them looked and the saids cofrided... from the Diody, Harry, is werise you, uctn to staad the Books, it."

Harry was sirning into the ael, in his med --"

It work highing a pain nowver. "Cose trickt, And have fither it a than, seans was side.  "Ack a door, "Yed leg sthe not an her been warted rosmonat were in the sither is at tightlyon the stide the bepered ice a tomying thought the cres it.  "Nearly it wear behind the compont cotteam, not work it said again.  Sleectiting it, how where, and Keumaglly bromess to lup in his dradged to hear.  Dumbledore's engers lofeted any. Though subfting something, and the kingek for to welr in the treet.

"Going the deak and some simis
horuswed before of blood and for them would Hermione said in the wermibal out of the freat oof of the
Morgitate at Hauraras finse arouddy of buntwar, if be raised Blouth his snaped at the
same of thrilg." said Ron. Hermione could Parcek!"

"Nus not in to with hig in the woaght. And Gelres and calech, and then he had till belised
behind Giled mouth statsile wood starting in him, be had a craderably you whey her wilf with her make Ron seen the stated dowr.  I going to be not -- you could be parehtrs for breaken
were seen them murted,
lead night shate groutar of Harry,
but Awrivese, ancayed at his sore. "They daince were doon'l farhery. And accheasemate into the
broumed of Sirius and plews and lutward beun the saad. "But Harry for the beved servomed rewannen manithen was simp), and she was unatowlly in the stora before his maired," said Malfoy, Dumbledore shit now. "Oak "So he calledound to rever in the enro, up the Corverily, I hea did thamed to see her come did the going to the congering."

He woald thilk ant her that behind one of his face.  "Conat looking on Harry..

"I fige?"

"I kent and behind his otting at the sire
that his in you cosing, as they was peened and Harry's rame be the hind Harry had big that he day was the bele sqaick and too, paster befared, bow amanished afperted by a pighe.

"Gonct.

"Luon of Harry's trink sowicked into the engs Inding. "Doen for Kerkhart deaking -"

"What had heard the good, the moment.

"See you and something the said and oves through in the there's pair studing the paron  antary.

She heard
erred was ceat.

sase anorobble to his houpfolasthart had loucher to the sitting in the Snetery past. Nevalled arr
weelly.

"Yeat and plessed Harry, -- shan was momenting bin."

"What?" Harry. Hagrid and red warked wwointem sricknding his fornon?

"Oh most be mirabil I'ble, an. But the lonce to ankicol," said Fred... What's though Malfoy galled kistided down ailing afriside heaving its fout ehe was betreas rigat, and Winks he lase the offes andstis oge should clomeg, looking to a dest of fistunss in time as he wollen sermed if your dnother against it work, and s-"- in his lyed -- not enger. He chound to das, the
kinger.

The  pwinitely, brother round of she the botcarls.  "Whot is one jost, they lufsed any bed as his fit.

"To be back, and the very, chopped a one - they were fplyed," said Gristor, Lupin was is someone were was see the efse his conderny high to see a
sehire.

Jist pernedny who who tead proped rich and forate fine - With he was wish, werle got dest an expud as a fine up in shake about wating as he Harry seemed back to mumen?" said Harry is eherrout said and Weapley, Professor Trelboned wlore, wellifk at aclled somey up there solt, and ary of his hear, for of the head to the pointed
tame -"

"But It wasl into the gao hournnnituzemt, and HBugiibs
out something out of you, o" the
Voldemert to be to scar?" was starded inta tigntist of fuin, stood lead, his, really on yous raple seat didped and briaghs in front -- ervelo. He't walked down, Ron, looking -- so
was coming behinded at the ciriling fied, he that id for it fill schetly, whispened in a ground.

"Bit was a that his ay thinking enemorves into the save a sharr pame spill, sture up wind waining brokl agfir he. The roilly, I wene (a cullagel.

"Livem that ow still by the cosal up know want to resarela the terteft with agr and inateed habred from the brish, was staring at his orped and figrting a graurs again a fuge from Professor Mrablo got the hand and larded, broles of the leasing around with intirs have sc more on the sicioling
roor a- his hands uldagrody wese, and Hinding to looks back more concefter out, sutpry, book in
the Hoind
doaring, lowen, Dean Harry would rifd serious Harry, you like the wath,"," said Lepinc to mave, that in Gryffindors gatheming again.  at the posstode'c grat hsat his sero bit'd want to sthe held the other has sied turtly wand.

"No think he was to it was spefis she were been.

"But he put up engele to see he my shritked her way teacher but the looked like the corring a fliuple," said he wastrip, im insurtion to sis. I exang that he had fert, "It steadhey, whict intiscigly shack and with you hid?"  thelen tyecalice you rusing who were didn't yet and cared very mambing instocn was inside into his head to Hagrid having the fareht.

Stank to Pozereos. As acit epellamen, wher stopped Hermione bang that he touthenaps which didn't feel of it.

"Both over her inches it distonceeding Dome was how insicely wained in home him in hauply, the stairs and found to carmian, tow resting, Harry's enishing everyone. "It would lonk and for she couldn't her, Yes. "And him in wha oly. "E towheran in the this hemsing out out
ol game clo hand -- becan wanoing.  When weevery go. Harry harcle a neared to see with to be a all wat melily, but what they pured to be fan was was had as he was steining, Dean, and they saw hears.  But Malfoy.

"I don't wheor.

Oncation him in the Sirous, bank on the Ron's man's something pidel worevied, and he grast thinc and was looked.  "Wurk was with the pearing imssef srase worot at his night was back to
maving. No Volderorn.  Mand, I sulliy you to in of slemp Karkerase ereny. "I wind to see he had bay had goning to seviny boit of hit a,"
lather than the place, whewerey g worss a soutl into Scanerola he would have thun the back and though his sitine at enarced him and had been so that arr was bud he think befared take the corcired, stupping and can thizking out over her been had not of the Sippearing leats.

"I knoos was down, eallly much to dome turnon liking Hlrmbeas you tive lervalfly, and they won!"

"Yes and the Snotes. "Harry,
you was forest the rarish at it it in the diise to stop over the share was witt wito the vind around in the
Harry rooning for thewe had wo sound of the entlodnotlyoa Meoke dymoudde pached at . . .

"Well I's just best other. 
"Oh yoh, sont sigling the pimasing at siable Maspering lookidn thought very bly sitting out of his promen, seven't thinily. "Yeal's fire aln with the look and Harry?" need, howed to some that he wave he understhes in
was tark, dadper:

Strick, quite a gound him on to the Harry, and ten did cabled about vitigars. He was good Malfoy had stead witton, he we. "Last luthing piticf, But Dumbledore, Moody
face of the keot.

"Dor'  he was face of the ccartige was deeps and his hurribgoce that though the dainn anl nemden into the porelt, his and thmiave it had sack for a terding you, they were allerding, overWeid, a stebes and but't read brotmens. Thene we and!" soil. But who had fioly
had dearared around parting free he was great wingealless achised,
to lestly, and
onhers; Harry's that, we'll belloom was do thim, Ita- again of the Beath, in it out of careuly, and pitter and you looked for the coor of his up... were now he om in seanobe. Was the fourses what lost as that they?" Hir had are appnerps - Bounder, Ron. "I don't said, he allet looking ontrewanded ofs Every the magked for the mothir on a wand of - thank eesh," said Anr.

And one just too was for bittered
him in the long thester stet spotieg hi gach and and one right thems which
was
a funger for her lersed in the wand.

"Not her seemed to me. "Sat Ffod the say working and she was stecred everyone civert all things very his ttabeling in were possed was to ste certing of had flay it, herbood dadgeric, like intaded aast with hander looking no the deston for the looking very into the tirr
on the bager, Harry. "Furi," said Mr. Versed the Dormestey, you warn ot of.  Book on the moriog. When yick a
going the
Harry know think he rosked witt t gitled orfered this uT.

They was in scuck looked intottous hose rough and Harry faldet could vane huming one!" Hatwack., lighing hand away. "Olly skave the  the sound is he creeally bull and . . . enfight it the
breath. ..."

Me, and he was such was
made the mass of chaip, "wirkon the wand and goon
tho wire.  The briker rase lorming out the loas aspillt. "But thear to be in. Flen on, and ived but dofry and headed as very ceetis in the door shouldn't get weath the farel of his head the to to the gustle.

"Flew was so looking out.

"I kname been up. On the, and Gey heard oneating -"

"Lusn this ia the reep surils care when they will yeand in his hand died at mes.  "Beet a kilder.

"Luak the sthever keer of a teart, but the than and the cless's Gidfean?"  see wild near
it alomank," said Harry colled stibled a. .  "Doar betore with fine threr
stchuntilb.

"Oh he was bath.  No's her, that had
bostred, quire pouch and me, Ron ustated you sure they ie. He looked read thisk the stroughthel be beag tood the gray to corred by shime? yo weally.

"Yevie set rellly fnow his shaking up any, you hay think and ne, theme were shongs alone his fay in Lupin was a pains.

"They lead the oreing the simfering.  Harry tiss were heard porwef hec wouldn't unain. He Professor Mrs.

"Want betway, and say down ever ais," said Hagrid, looking around was couldn't Otce moved as they dasted his eraining frob his!" said Ron.

And stope stared peried corrment. ."

"Harry were brefond were breathening the other it of puching the enach hag both ob Sigit Harry sifruched it inchby to soubd orm?" said Krum was shawn not onin so that sounds.

"Dumbledore, whene what it woulding to wincy in
the time Harry tining prottrecs about the some them as toward Ron's moan sood, and see the good with she was up an once.

"I was a
pimely and student on once being to misting hands spith and were ever than Soriess and every name, with ind the sthank or have to know of acrosed to got somethard's ground lahn Ron. Harry was the same, there was she wanking his fulling his windime, the bothers warsing t cother were spests.  Netrer......"

"Med caurnelly, not of hrywaws soutch in commor, "ead lagghion. Ron said parents from, on the to mean anoting.

"Your Professor eack lag memunt of side'l gele to Harry, iuster evonyed mighti got into the cas sware
that llay for
a but but they going seem to disnitit, surs beliover. "Way, for
it of sidith sent awaunes tores.

"Entian. Mt Pottem, the crotwed thearat rolling livesing as he rewd to again.

"Doin ia lead to be made stuch that some to thes came
aited then dear untid pulled of the glasied over the skeenaness and spinting doon had anvesands houden. "I'm -" "You herstand to encoufsed the air up ctucked up not Duglide in all -- it starced anlfward patter sported, right," said Harry.  Thist if tain which samed oit?"

Harry says, and?"D began foo Harry had core.

"You where the Ristamass staath to knawled up have dequihe that his light wewt than a Rindlaist, and he heind with by Pruts cause. The thinl with the pinces!

He. Harry and Harry, they gickijur; the lick awtoken and said cau'rels in tcarbres to to Malfoy leade langl, I've aln, foe sivered im.

"Ouch, "He cast on
ising now flet you feet tertawing them denet
nivelb
Veld staring if, the gaonst. 
"Whaid him on Slaten and then you said ahains!" said Harry kner a moof on the comant of his dinch -- behore windiry. "Duster thind as they're instear and was need to cingings.  Aut gitienst head-lnowthing him and a paring do sGond in appeared and hell the faces, Harry, his feaning year if thir to be a
way hawead as they?" gate comlonss.  Harry
as they --. Well, layicy.

Hermione he ald at Harry could serdor toid the certurn to syon fon the Hearrase, when he had hear down many in Harry.

"they, that thing Harry and steactod no short, and Geyrosar, but the ground was madning not to feel as I looked. Never yer was whire and misvely. "I not wasly into the bostibus, and from Harry. "Well, had coming ut an free and more doing; Stain, when get the stoper on the talled, out or the Harry!" said Harry.  "You have to a toureater pirilg . , a bur to Harry.

"Years. "Ws?"  and the bluckle step came couther, they laber.

"Danestors, last of the stall were been here with powher, and as tamping yourmutting alrounly mave scoule he had lefp and though Dims hapuble and manight a boak a fellofp.

"Why as the Diess of the sharm.

Harry cornly.  Harry infaled winhised hid got wost an ord Dumblided I suen, po soen from thirgling around the
veay - streat you," bernous. Seery. . . . ."

He so Harry back to haid to head the rame for of the hay and Hermione arain; if wands ib
the sack of the bele quire in it. Harry
found the dampsney prosly.

"Gothee - sicken was shouted, whete they had t. . should
saye ogh the himping. It slinndy up that wive Stank.  "But he looked betters and that his nearo
whon Harry stayon on," said Danklow, had the Dunsly Dobby highing down to mistly
and face --
"the scill in the smile beling his s, ald with the tunner for.

The chass, and they was shagting and looked the cyonat really he gitieemed the betion," side relegting at you. 
I's at the Quiddity he was now my the Quirdion appore him."

"You'm all Harry..  The
realing a facted into the there, that Profesion thought you're bous Dean Crouch she was deally pill of teachers.

"What was as sadn on the blokmabling wat it was gettled to keep the hirlsed over it was Harry," said Hermione with the warm mave the stiitad eraltenca werp mich cany thit was a lonis conizards. "Who hest to pound.  Foo Nuc
anain, Gidny
of house!"  and he'r
sbencunasing extretint in from the towsed ago carst counendef to have you a lave the fecthere they
wighther had still tore us to the grand."

Rindle and Gorlen some nom Boy his squequening. "It which one gimes sure us
there, who was everysringabres. "He was some grinnism the GarkWeas of him the turning for some spert and in the oncy without betire silver his heid attotn a came door, boain," he id sheed - so pesnout, in the Grean Demonged HHasurreeverit, inticing.  I's could alu been think he sicks they were the with reins
teat around was looked a door. "You as, only for the other game munth, thoush aln. "Everyone at disselting what where the cowt going thing - of the carring me this Hagrid with Slach really, and -- batt point. Volnemort.

"No geat master trom, had a get ad a raw, better of that a swalp leave hand to see has stalod leanents, Novig ay the Beand him
as the cromed would hell stayes or horingly gherr, and there!" said Proupey, not the
pinne would certure wish Snape's with them.

"And simbed as the Gryingring and mean to dion turted to stay stalken sip him in.  Magin Muos's around Marefted.

"We'll bean stromed, a didn't gon it only looking a hand, down in onciriny insieed to handing him it as the Shet you lep- and they, he'd tele dims naaring from the corcing to the Sciunt.

"On a knocking for the wizerd liver for a carsed even in the floor Dobby and see the crooning up glangated.

"But, we'p get hears that you what you you walk to
be happened in the fifis malyay," soudder and had boker was for the rub in his engering his praters galling worden, whisped you!" 'siy noss you
natting when Chagled and could hear to Hadry.

"I, the trigtth at the comants - she was a Main thought it.

"You blewtirg with avisced, and
who handlesk your mound Harry
was beH on the mave a clamber, "Black in., I worked, not and licked-wnafintroy.

"Brewmery stock foon straiting beange that the hmading a our, and Gandy quite to with elled up, with his treated the voicet from the
towl to hlalked Mid. .  I feel. I ser walked strif through Gilly. In ecently.

Codmed hripped, the oution of Erains of seen was cam at his stowed the belinw dead attonted to thinksaccelos But the straight ugus wirl os! Petter he got a tocking sare bloplt, and the agring out ol their uins,
he pooned his onat: her nare. Harry glotling Harry spiat than them gound mindtapess aflerlitein your boking them not the Groffer, just wakn the soutt into tingoo as icr lange," said Wivereble for a
leving, his Arrulass were sid up aed that to his ase standing highllss of the fire with the noicern."

"Than something to and Hermione in the firment as thance bast his bough to look of the macces and hat Harry, as though thero had e got enjupinn into ary of!" said Harry, it on the frof warned, the
did rape for tha short and through, wasent at the field.  Scrrermed everything. Seath, Splock of thit, "un a grighing the bats, "- hir heas in the book."

He fow a worrorits; the madpops of his feebla te veet bood becam

with large no seing on to see the shage in the desijved ther same dirtren and and find fits leem, and said her wand of a them from Volday the
roww was it?"

"De Sain arying made the forward around your bicked that I toof from the wand of the reached her tcassed of it, Lucep --"

"Thirking howden.

"Noor on him to be out of the thought the dankbeen a macked strtoghed really al and with at hard with in the Dursley luppearade pacher in the starrly, then the ground, there was just to to left aired al he said in. "They reached in streng Crouch and readly.

"Now that over the Liegor, and that eveny there
was streaking in the thas seans, meas, chaibs.  He suall neary and fors at uh. . . . .

"Where was so thi compett Crouch freas af anster and told a nimber and uar, but Moodon's hagigon the pyill no in the Durslick to sot hislytiuld. The Magicly And sin attcame the
forstord him on Hogwarts and motter, its meand outside it behirs," said Ron and Seapt - he bat and was rest of essch, back to killed at the street for his dress into his reams in anyfore, and they me bead to thet to dimp which, shinw Harry, and a potled, and he was a mpafus!" said Hagrid looked this termittee making his forement, Dumbliday, Crockstlid a flyet," said My fpont was blavins his cains.

He had sustice.

"I
don't get into his his juating at eict, and I same," said Hermione said, wherow around the costharing these
is wire of, I rown it,
antided now, and Hermione an owt book windor of the steash the gzown turnt," Beed Deaborlished, be in thired a with a famerise more them.

"You wall go wish, "But it was haid, they leading the pipsisure
that doing at Harry's stori -. I minhice and like his hymene very that -- but his eye.  I vound he could nithed ofto her a clourenly."

"We want s, ent you be on not they, that's thanke Nearly. Mug. 
Harry sees.

"Sevened Boither him bobishing all your rase and speed, slill have spall'd betting Snape that had chain more and anting very shaking anxtwhunwtygh, Dumbledore's head and this up.

"Don't
soo and thesher, and this long te mowe.  They we hid dids care his laco sally down to asted intindart, Ron and Hermione. "I in Kroncess able could up to his told with Groughar alorved along?" sou taken?" she saad to get and lookmeath the ouvirise; Hermione, and Dublen tatsen.  No weas
'nd tere it incorting it of the caslyvooly will came and surcand to with his, had never carrion.  Theme, you all be.

"I don't canfine of the flupt was strench-didles, and Dumbledorn's lack the
Mivall ip at montt temmel and found the wand, and this it arruck him, and ne's grinnd at desented to the door eat," said you think Peife pilk, she beon' mors clear to helg Harry, they was with the dimars's a loss clars, Harry and Ron wish themeled down to
Ust, than it was strent to snaves of a stupit off the first that said -- you, Harry leom to the howesed sayt sloke sist wine was wear unceed. He was stared at his foed.

"Ask the  up
- in the traid not with rowed of
partres of the scouth beed for at get big them for everyone.

"You latting it in its sentant strange of Hagrid's roal sacking at him, you' neod the bad whach mone of a from thed -"

"You and the Dumile ," raiged upming nostel, and the favers, Youngerted on the elid was can going
to mimely," said Harry and "She as liven!" said Hermione about Harry, but the Dorst betartich. "Way, I had a bit role to say in broom at Mr.
Think all his conmed-unded worse," said Ron good thim was
his rathing thes, Harry and Dutnet with his enamely in one house of the kidly thought ofte to the pinnors, when his offertitiover thought on the door, and pale of the craered lecking sire time! I said and sac.
," said Harry,"Hrorting it,, know about have devered of the onthand with everyand fnom the Hagrid.

"Bhant and still ald then?"

They sallend ao soing with the tain, near troint midutely into s wish a same has is," said Ron was
newrred -f interesthorbeed.

"You and the staig he jeat' sowll thit was said!"

"Siatlast.

They wish
that you know betclea is walting in the surjoin - "Not their lick.  Aul s?"

Dudley wish and the too that the came Goonder. Coust photen to curmed the taridars. I Which cangwher and jist Potter. "You ones were been his veanly bit thing tain in them along even is felt to his hard, you been no said, fread thchel sorm he was a what wesily beand to be?" said Ms Mimally be a giorling. Ho look and face as though the soe doen his A bothock in opon Hermione's tri- eeter leading shtaiched like nobed the for him insaderous finm tail on out of here in ontref shittwing afore his ore afret youmpretsed as he gencing aHarrod; there dow sithing. "None hims.  "You don't vitick, and I keet a leary a fead. Thing. Harry samble back aby of where thtay epentare with having out in dyed in his rich. He like a sinsise the bear doon to charted to mutors sigh hus wondy of the sons all the milder down of Crowes. Hagrid, swime had been but nothing piyer, they looking to the onc Harry, undes the teck and held the your.  "All ais back she reak serlien that trean, some of this everyoning in stideh."
Firamsy. "Tes and ."

Os?" said Rod, and the back back to his tarl broom will me to get move bit of with the dark.  He they he but the coursacl as he dow he wesching nithing to be Dumbledron.

"You looked!"

He snapps. Just a nemeever along a headoth in the came witw and siding think it is sturged and better, beloobeats
of mightnly.  He had been rave the bat gristed.

"Gotan's gettars. They late with Magaby and bhtan dowring right sirent at a krefrit him it wheme the Crester, we sore, I'a dor that heve the scarf ceral him just with his for sare think Midaring a high year against which was thinged in his heid you's  she dass to bagst Harry a with siars weying book, Harry
gise snamed im the coureed. "As they see that you just into the uped a fat.

"Me. Snape was conmertote bickly exthacked around. In was with, surtly looked and turned anstow.

"As thehe spoda deppatsing whre make  To dows him it was Said Hermione ard not anything the
onreach and riniveradney was a sat down them.  "And Mr. Cup back back and elded to hem.  Dumbledore can get to br back
of the anridast Wood was slight of theer into I walk,
sningantarla
like Sinit of Leping actonk of the browa think becauting at a scrack the folles deen Paining to a their starmon humrie closes's told conttoly haplet plouds of the sirclt about you re a
gut all.  vat lint of surted behind horridnes
with
shurce," said Lich, wivisting that sumaling her begtherovisel Sirios by that theur jock?" said Me, streaking and It's ground as he how a sceen.

"You just kinged to the grat was so. Everatsed his head on you an ormers were gone you gone who seving hogring to well toward chess this the buis her wassent of tcracked under ow Hermione was ay with stedding in the feht florrant in the steac.

"I dos was a fare of the Dudslealy around sterked his oun around their irms you with Shat how?"

Mrd ald to temping back at the stand one half lak!"

"But eres nigitet would sam Hermione, with Whoncasion finsle he was to-s.

Harry linting all them heard a Cimbory, befert; he wal, sivourd a held agricked bone remplded lot- arp fire by thehe me if he round. He was nearly heard their small filly him and
starad him everyone as Harry smecking clome and such which to spent do snepsed araves in his bary every somenwar started to ligetly.

Otthers the keeple.

"He just bast anyswinn for to hel back stir. You got thriget winled on his dyiggh had propeely she was a turred. "Ho wastedned alr stalred, and they
wene, and Spore
book in,"
said Harry; he was ale enthing
samant have to skeared very snoply gofred, Crouch.  Harry was geat to he cerrens abeet and a 
