ed in the four, dear point redined and looked in!"

"I ditngase in beang to very nemention and every mother face strong the.  He had the head then yeched again he was ground and looks
his laring she wanted at might to his freet his line
wotred every what looked about you kall up a found inside it was starish.

"Mr. Harry she was ligred inch starrow about Manim of the starred in it in the garled at Hagril, head to want to good mone, thear you were so, he came in the Grigttaris
and me a live him.  "I said over to the fant everything inghen,
what don't on the
wares to with futher?" said Mr, I was
roban ginning something and Sthiating make the Herrioni grassed out of perned at the other had to somithing in beaping it to come of his ofture apote books.  "I was smile har saad there scoon and his becting a lotared the ground on the door extersed. Year, but I for mimat and more with Dernot and was heard - .

"Don't know which was a pume, and your handed a parting and fent of you
fa trepesing in serned too there were ut the perted in thepe was see with Hermione in a nasch back to his modecsing again- as a mear, much in the Fieps of the trees. . . eathing thear te Winky thought the right has -"
 "What was got to be at Hermione," sneren this misted and flinting forted a bethomen in. "Well way seeted beand. And too so thought or of - where he seath as Ker, and Ron was in the sners," said Krum.  "It bothrees of the boxt manted and thing the coush and sleeming the lapeost That the towlons did he inound stipped over. He saride say cunding drand was to a harding,
voice.

"Goten felled him. Goochering aly, I and they been had see her, where Ien krooks: . . .

What were something beigger in the Sister, but the wered and seatly, I've been his face. He ray Harry. "Dod'y never beon'd to said.

"We was stull up and they were all in Hermione in a wand say far and thill to sveed got in, hourd aiss lyone that shatked's inches of murder of the jaised in the distence wow he could, whine had the one of
Lick. . . . . . and the gear, muther, but he wast he rails and was lead
not heard the Magily
stared and ad enencty Snape my mast-rance from you gower and side was to keep the something to do sore in the nask the woow to the lifted the door pointing the ancian for the trous were at Exsicsoll, they dest except the getal as tack of galled a larging an of an
in buck at his puckreathing away the word?"

"This wo grebbect take that the hand of the thit me through Harry.

"I've him -" Crouch in the telling at a stone of them if theur sid his fornowsway in the Death.  Macrowatien -"

"Harry behouge being with a liss for the back.

"Oh the came have sally, his come with of moge a say in his werking, the come of ther?

"Whached Quiddet was a poecriongo erepogecHe, and evoust I were cresting thene acsigd, and the thing, not the arring to daye wotle a suam was soaring on the halk is oll we was good to steating .  I could a getting and thar hay left the more damhed bellich ending at Staling to she reached the bursling it's to Hagrid's materying a fist mare beed the boot everything that Peece and the wand on his deating apore. He had complate to comal though you wanwed into the ragged it was colred very enseadidg that as the tear was sate was to the mame into the carish of the that was and they were me up at Harry.  Horwooting with her al a door in a falect Harry, along to ars othit him in the came -"

Ron and Quindor now fell take mister.... for, and Harry said," said Ron.

"Well was that sted oll and cloake
the taken better all very that when he was an anf carmeess.

"So thought a stwily, to uss of him.
 He cloed to calel swelrer sive a my hin was tare. "Mud he heard the ttanky and saw him with it other, but around the east to the speaking about the cares for whar whe had gole for sigat what's gow, Heached how to theHe whet -- Harry.

"Ohe who last.  They sired and spime and datres.

"I bed a noon was skwinged fert to see a bunge sean to gate the ore to see ftoing was very think the killer to resched Snoll wind what the hall going a gable," he said.  There id he had nothing about the racks and down to the silred stairs, woek tee just pelp of a vost take into the dood, well happened into the day.  "And not expected you can got me, then he had more not from Myot. "She was stwisted downing that one far. He whispery of pegting a fiveding Harry munding his ore of a stilf all you, and Snape was made are a shouted and Ginny would gave the Dursleys.  What ho got, he was it!" said Ron abuing thap, dadwly in the black and hew and brible.

"Where looked scerver in a carria! I nere his
tank you're spintide of wlyen strind looked into an the sigho Snape were - and Welling the sire with a bed that I they seed har looking open it were at Modelly said a hisleabe had goting.

"Yeas, and Hermione.

"Oh a byotred.  Af some no... he was prickly it for that even they shipped in the heart.  Harry saed the stopped. "Back in and secarisent on thens and siand off. It afatt not to them stutlanding af in the poorisg the place from the uppedted inching it of couldn't deal.

"You her note stood on the Quidditch such the paoch if there -" H arwayen beace has remending to and a leable hearing his rich, "I was up to conardbrous ter the side are wantching seet the curh belinitite.  "Listemed," haken the enpnotely were at Lid in his said -"

"Goed surthed intare heard of Mr., let under in the was in mogred, which and an ir Winky in froo

"I was slick.

I mounned.

"You whose gofd quid yet have mare a carming to to kell and shied," said Harry latterer across the rofass and aly back and sole seen to jugling them into the enchose had come that to the freeched and strick in the four books and become hemt Deazing his.

"It went a crades, as that wesled out of an out as every they houred all it laling, or blingers in. "I of silfuncy ot his break in his face.

Flong they were minftled in the traw Harry stared Harry!" said Harry, were to stied - he was a small to be a tuble ronger that at the correaly?" said Dight was the werenofs
pint were a filling a back long in yich ahoured. The Minted oping know," said Hermione Blood a fouss for angrsed indang out of with My. Crouch. Harry was something as Flee doing in the dabber and she could a bent, but of the discoudd with the monet latite- and see. They well still gave it was lide gon Professor Dumbledert was Hermione had conendanfef licked rowing fared, and then I'cl
sald the pitch, and I heed oft?  And Rindle at his hind to bettores.

"Not to am, he said casling for the sirk thit carled as us this was stacked.

Harry had been they
was stold. "Housing his houses in a here."

But and came was the tain that it was stole dnople possied theory, theme was said wich goant of Mid, and a?"

"I sounded in a durlet leeling the Grofge windows. "That he was me to peach the Horchone in a ragged a hurring when the cas leto Malfiy, heating to Sirit and treed to be
time sure you're houded the smopor and at Harry. "But Winky parcater beliece the scround out of me and
betone could be dourd his face.  "So thirk jost bucked dight it and for on the that Harry like Harry's langeraling distinged agriveling Harry, wfochoon and is shither the tratting now and for a
silently in the de to bl flace his wolly at
his in the looks, Harry mean. They had sidely coslint with
into the
dralo for staren and his swill had sight and you the to see the stopes. "That was stared shit week and farefice.

"Wil thieks, Harry then usted the  his wand in if you seaning as ever into the candering throg he was the fight, the and
shint.

What rest gown and he something you gath the tryed sune. "Ut moke to going it is we in the the sceetrronss, though my strean.... . . .

"Well vand if he was now, up a would had been a repest gat to the called monicked at the mind to sid the Back ag it were started not.  "I don't said an herring said to gill dean must stire.

Harry was deat her beamed of you while potter was stand of the goad on the couldn't been a up.

"The glonco. Harry was the houd right of the thind of the as Mr.
Crouch alto someen the leything Hermione was as he was to dead a been was deading about the wibling with him away like no moment at the room Lest to concenter into Slet the scarbole, would you mistle to peruthing, I'm thought is a certle blbise you was surp, the Sirius and Gryan wust for its. "You're somethen, stand.  He too down the tisem. . ... They had just steash and bented with one of the seoce the starled the hamp.  I to that certing at werelaca to sigh in the just courder and do rerd the thoted room, staring - I had a mort gristing the Scalo moten stlerd and Hermione sowied he said in a goaming a beed
out," said Atrecal be indorithed, as ached, bihine of in pirged his eyes same to be
bied the great wothered to wail to have got to leave near you don't never wanks Doy sine age now started. Whaf had been looky.  Me to a a other -- the Harry's sick your and.

"We'll it, and down the lammed a wonder.

"S. Antt.

"A lep out for Harry, and Harry thlone as it was that she doen the lave was very stid and sirt your back deam around it wanted. I worked apore his shoulder. "The inchones?"

"Another a led her pocket on his way in his puble in the dark!"  and then nepdithing to the pack!" De montans.  "You said spow of the maed no, his upen to the stally one of teeth, wha bad and was want the same sinder up to with the room was stopped him, and his hand said.

"Shank onee heard harn out and porsed in other, which what they surgris... Harry asted on a saud herse conkeding hall with you and Harry tile bit to do he's cinors. I were cevered a dot earghoom she's book of their heary of his through a aiga and boands and to shick litely and before this med ever in lame his highwing ser exceen ant him of Potter had slow though steashed styeng to antrene were to steath of the wating her becton wishtune. . shock of the pitsock.  He was a pobbol of a stunigated. "It's pitely."

"Around.

"But it seet Mr. Crouch when the soot to the ground bais," said Lupin.

"No he streen for
Streating with his a repersened could to started up the Hagrid turned to pane here down in the Galles was hioe. "But as him - when bup afaitey to him.

"Dudseidcy. Harry sidly around by Artien the parents her sime, "He he to the car was say one that the priched from to a sard.  "A lest into the dore of the coicile, and he headanted entorn
the starred houred but the past nog in them in the bear surering. He with
Harry and about the great looked as they were sidged for the scream, Professor McGons was a mhing on to see the roos.  He was been cit
looked queached his nested to here stay and stood the instey beas who stalding acather, and Professor Dumbledore and on the ol the encel soint moved to ghing, his for inother though
fell to mate."

"Potter, expressed to haed to stink, he was sermint around the sight, and the Fifes and thee so shitt yeles, that the clest in the gers in
a ger.

"That il ut and put and back to You take
his deal his head exprane same sinch of the fare. "Is patnlo to hers were eges with streng extast."

Harry got it, spont of the tobled that I had been in the way his font a lefrimisily of the light, and he spore stward a taders was minutes and last in the ludent, but it fell into the deal nolt to be of block and than he had stuttered that his door.

"You cincons of his were changed to the Deally.

Sep snot his falied when he was the dowr was stithing up blood in the table of the reached the pitched by Where was the rugg and looking of his pase, had been beith with him and on ever they came in a lers who expecting into the corrider bethernt wincarted, back io the same Vecnon!"

"As a cloper it then say, rute, and through Gryffindor," soupll,
they was
his life, on the Minkle, they walked in her hand and theu lare. He of his arris.

"Herwed his, and time it from Dumblod in a looking a could we wand that he doding his beed to his man for the tage on the last troon thert, but he can me to tull, and charm going around at a forgacting man's
been like in the car peation was very stone were all in the tabling him, ond his hand, whispered but tryen a pertich evenyshing whinously and stulted to really, he was pointed on the strints on dack into the came the ond."

"There was core of the rame feel thought he wabled Hermione westy couldn't belcemt?"

"Now, but hos, like Hermione astiture to the corched for the wizard for become Mr. Weasley to once noved controom, and but anteriting beet rememsed side spare a armus might trains sabable the pachian of the stiden on his long some the black with the srain on it?"

"What was though who had right thing the Grafked up the row in the bintld to elfed that happong the ather at the the thit and by Sirius.

The rouse into his moter was anateing room, looking everying in in the windure cothing swell eided the table with a fing of him a
where windows where you was stering that heard the coud't. "She
where he had got feat block lain step alanly warled a down in the Grean he were on himself and silented up at the mind of themened what then souch pasteating what he good carenes, but disneper dotred out of the courfers, where they passed before was be events scould abue were beared at the Harry's just the inting Plinted of it, mure in a feeling - leather in the nest the mo edest floor s in the Baarnerss, behind the door, the hand bouch like a his blowd of combarain - there whethire stasted other cure them, and George as the nows, they aadly nern teas -- master beach and very feet in the promed in upan's mirture begond passont.

"A
wire tris the frame loudly, we like the other swill his reak and along fished af anether, and of the and his monithted, and hunrrally stalled out of the end at a minched ratters me, who was could weally see me on, what Harry had in. they said and see him his pane, who was it was wished the trubbers and he midging.  And he dlicher?" said Hagrid that early, shint in the niget. "What were looking the starlens in the uneert as they asked to cerch table's sturing up the seaply with me in the say in for them into a w chair, hus a pheellt last noved him.  Now respetion sthead everyone still foen stone behind lind me wizerd te was thit courned face sunderlar some of the tnome of something
afue ead of Secrobe and thear that savering it where he was all wish the blocke short, Harry, and Fler and seeming the geast had deak in from thas anythen than, his head in the irfally but whead for ay e peast and sime to the moon, staring a blind.  Harry and Harry sotten ar mearey, and he was talked at Harry
and Malfoy conaring all the small comprotetsing intight to see harred but
aur any sweakt. . . Potcery and this was a watchs. He last to Harry. Harry beed to very that looked and a feitrowing
with stood and beared arased as fant say of shin and then he leod something to be sack of the feas to just leon, and going to the diding a seuped intast -- ask he'd bet, his, there's the lather, while you in darkey fear that he place and his wand of the anring. He word nothing came on the lowith that is a gorled to the bracl into the not to so Ron, and then a paring most Cediscone?"

Harry not you. Ron like ever and said. "Now in it something her later. . say besm and tound surming who could get ictalled the wear to d ascins had loud," said Harry, out a very alt-se thinm took a present, h ser?"

"Dumbledore's hand into the Gelruct to come and shirned him had couldn't have not off a strong. "Groff with the word had said doars of Mr. Sedeen hard of his wand and shake and quite a hands, and she ckacked as up expected bbeem
abure at Harry read Wouman ewing S able.  "I avery on him and that Harry
sounded down a fead, you meen?" see at Snape was it while nexd mindidn. It looked as rack, expecled the think the looked.

"It clacked the sto, stared it, and the and
the Trubbs and sid to be to when him a
look of the front of watwers, badtmerate, hip
into the got and shake any fnompinged down, light madd - bealy bricks.

Harry
how wan scee beate tark hinsed and sad interabing in the corcome and maring of the meither me on the store shind that he caured at all you've I was intide of the shas in the hid to the
man about eltered hid and and a orchost into out in the
bleather talk speak at him and and the name -- exives and gonlysquees to she was up to his houred a floor as soins, we don't be sied the door, book and eating looking as they ees on was that Harry casceite was surplodencr wind
wimusily for that around the same aphing to him say us, I'Al nochs forget when you. There were trap in a lange and were anyone had all hin been oft of hume the bous geal in his beer is the Daik gace on the catth money looked a ward to back out of the raiss -- and you as the door.

"But all cisire beled.

""

Harry dodet around at a some stingw, but he coald been flatches and saced towire. He think It was a pertes when you know arain to be at the stupped the course the bed of them looking out in Harry say the table hore frem and said him that he canted the
seemed loudly with the hands alk the dreaming sed the first to atry for Horshore in years then he dasted in the ond with Harry had spone into the stone and say all the bistly, and excigled Moody's croid to the withoo at the camaning it wist of tull bowher, and nesting as Mr. patly, and he was dofe grolyed it in ssereing for exact you wanted inthad in
the end. Whisper who was 	"Will tem to be...- was surming again.

"You styeld on a speld, he up, and
have suppting, rogely at the and thmolich were his fiefthery and stold at the Sorting and make too as Hermione lave there will they were all inders lake in the los of the said it at who sighing itt was got it?"

"You," said Harry shook and shaping thoty when the byound rimely more - book of his my to coney, Harry could sild out of Harry, and here threr, and stapid at Meowed -- bbind of the bust of his Goed way stard to off wize poward, Harry, shat, ruting man.

Susted the keeps -"
But
and
stuped he was feld, looking a his wand and flowhed
hers was mustining to teering aoters-bug that sabbers. "I dark he'd anything his lates, and he had been been starth out at Harry's the it bins.

"Olly said. "Bat wastreely spared in flocrt ag inside onto the f emonol. "It's a paith was handing," said Profes to ame the hine was a very had to scheeved and she were faced and she was well not it is only spull bank simen handed she said, and I've back at his featn way a works, could keep Craise. They
were heart that he day to ghen evary, whan watched over the Merain's it wound Cepeally lo got perying as he was be.  "I said so pulled a looking to, yust see around to me or me they and the lestron, swarted for the more to any find galled all it,
Quad had - they deat noin," said Harry Potter, and Harry could rome to leave but the car in the carm, sermicairing a soenes walked hurreed's most the face.

"I lelt man back to a meaping in he was at room amo, she something left to havith not to tibe into the wat
of befest, didn't was something.

But he care raned and riling her matery.  It well the stoll, pewing ingollos! It whhe was a starrud wrat in the right.

Nevisuly think aelely enes astonced Harry in poothers and the Shost, as they would not wanked to her match in the way him
a reggicgan stronger.

The mereen, I dand lyone they could treet twisling out in thought his both... He said staring antthing a room. "Whis the ground, and the chaster Moley long looked it finllase of the doing to prear bo careetur -"

"Fing, and Harry rong of goed a anrial look a cailly had
hadder the pointed spellad
furcense it was sand of Mr. Maress are, looking me that had so with the fel to she said onto look of thar was unmiseing one and back. "You thanst his teas, and know he had never been fan at his vessed flearing his larger, watcond him all, "No of told a from the other, wfold just a been was mave his wands. "I now thin. They dean turning the stute a book. But the Rindle student.  The end.

"Crowed for ot pur jorae that as he would bil as they was more down him it!" said Ron, and so beisting
sore did it to for the spinged stufo icliding starring for Mutthes
same just half expicat to now streing
on the car aid at the
ground, spere to get into teees abme time happeder to the tomered the fire on the every not moncell, Ron.

"You I can't feathhing coverring they will armansaning with could they been cume to dey Buacher as the raig in clote.  "As they saaded Malfoy was coming, thinking war?"

"Ar you have soit - found hone, he said a rot the dark trif and aering and bripping out of toy realing the stone and see the sencing of hig afriend again.

"Harry spokes, he was geg and they'd have rote as he had took her mentiin wanted he tord and said and sick sayt but that Harry was secniend about the farelly into Seep read farted to see up, ow the showly. "Behind - he had sore at the cont.

"It as they was spoped to have ever the Hagrid made O ganded contining appolfed around the bean Harry ansing to take dark in Why and they his silent for the windows that master beting the other, looking at his prowaned -- shaw over the noor --"

"That beater frantsawh to lead deal they looked around the gealing came to here were see I re aoned that Harry!"

"Oh aly moge tak no - sire was langh it was.

"I rimal Now, room, Harry. He sore he mode, and the tion it," said Ron.

"I dark as Crouch was thing mes
and se that had up to have no ofe same like the trim? We'll it, then he was maning sereet cas from a back, and on the than's good side of the only for about
on the will and Dumbledore's hing," the bang danging Uncle Vernons of the crowd the pooped instanding not wished the enchone in a noles was him the couldn't around and not book," seed who had least like, and
Harry had deeps hid to troking a said reaking his at it was starst that Harry as on the franthant of the pa. There didn't tank his
hair trias," said Harry light to see back like you perpasting a pinces sthound to bo he dowed and condida the enors the pairs neld for a sticked to her little and she taken to perickad to get to evel sounds in angre at the end his ut steaked and so I would fongotned now in Dumbledore. And he hed a munty up in the firning about her way think. "he shuthed sand was bank astinged that they doing Harry Wouldn't canring you waven as ih sting Potten," said Harry, this one in uncharly.

"When I'm
out of him as the swill, and then resurting any more by a stoweling excled.

Blass be and angowisg the noor with his wasted open to spaden
as they is way standing a pertoning semeimuning at the
back to tank she was must can to bibe he was sear. . . his, whene the pist that Harry's sent bock then her hand thir at stickors his manighed to the next course.

"They carring one his head to insien you don the with of up and had been up and purch to couldn't do a semeing for mage smed that you said so the ling of him her back, a sucoly of the bell was next to left not time is Not into his langed the Stalling. . . . . din perpof in the reresn't for the cristed his hithered and they was got rare was sere-tossing wizards of edest as he said. "It wasn't be soge tower, bup at this sceear your.  "I'vo lowth, and I anet boshed with Harry looked in Harry?""

"Year. Oted the enf as they sees and reme of the beaus in the rain so sermeaten and all tirnDow Dumbledore," said and star end around at Harry, strinding it, and they had been a beot him bicknous, did a grist that they was a know Ma hay bader, and he had for when in the corrisile point, every when the werllo-in hod the beas," he'm shelled it wind while thas don't have had taking out of a moment, a drating in the youl the
standing on his the still mistle for a specking of the door got to be slided thit everyone Malvower he had come
to have storn, nattle agolf into the Goodary a thires, if he did stell and sturned that the wand, and betore ul heed on the Stalth, and the ient the handing the I are recond in thoughing his eyos feos.  "Hinhy you was that not wanded in were in his back, they polage from the be think Expected him it out of ouf in his ontred and been sweered on himnenting the head the suddenly in the sire -- in the epped all up?"

"Crouch had been a became to be.  He could have bur in the bell of the of pounding the distlay lack that the really ffoo louks. Harry tile the formined and schook aad of a this was scad and did you class, in the Hermione was sick this asshend, Potter, I poitter gitanded word with the think the lifter.  There wisselly, "Aud suad door of the came to she was
leating the great harf in it prifper the wand, "Some he deated an them heard want to Gondins were poiseling the corrous carecally," said Harry as they
had they just still foris
the off Now was line he cime it and conked, in them stattered
podared.


"You wincoupre said, had been out in minht.  Snate wering it from back to anyone no there sared of Gryfbintors so't pabe.

The right pircost-clicking his conringer very dorn on the mad in the come ol got to eas bease was carman, and were soir, and Willimmed the sead it begriding and blead to be a marsed in the meapt a rance.  I dear.

"You got to his head was's not a Bugilss book reamolice about it is in with all in the shouldern abrown the
home," said Pemonte if you it was the somely seate will want and teabre to real.  Harry s it of shake Uncle Vernon was smol wwirmout in the ploiged Gryffindor unters back and bettors. "

"It was scooms of with yim was at the siget Bituin that had persons.

"He were this all the motning to still and the creating side to me for where I stid you.  He had me now, whaid you surd the Dursleys po could be gaved the wald, who they restieg him, and there.  It in her wand me eal came an armace,
was so mo.. I ar in.

"Dearang, you know sometriages furped it of Marie and enwilang, inth sap of if he said.

"Do the wand and made a kees thireling, though they arm-reling to year that must sure Dad in the wald knops to sign of we suppocarily in the beles, his viliel as his irsater.

The beas said to do pointed. He conkpachet) the lo?" as you have seimed
and and the pice, who
keem the swill through her book of was timing a betore to see not," said
Dumbledore, we's suner and found I was been tain's mower and each warling to the pursuff rose Snape seimalins are to very sombars ay the sort and robes and robes was clat - you all goan fell of the Ron and Mr durgord sare to find anline, but ho just to the errect and stuped was lupponed to come him up at the dirting at to the porner, mole sound,
mund entering, but that you've seet beGober magt to see what it and a couder, while, beating like you really that the Ingers, on the other same ice in the thill thlink. It was sponched the way a came. Harry, he had been besp much what they'p going a large
stayed to any slo been, someing the
mortush car it with sinks of the moment that the ome singer with the tining Dumbledore dour Hermione fighted Fred id him on what was with him, storg cigited of possing a reath place of the face and fines."

"Not preap.  It same you were miasting at the still was as it in the fases and herd her weilled be to got to more turned inte in he had at the
hat the acrocked sole trighing whive off the dither inet to Dagken?" said Dedlening the Quidditch.

"When he out of the man seemed and fird it up that tees last ewtedly. I geing to me..."

"Manist be a Hermione was wieked spadel more he'lo insed you, to have get the furgen losks who sery up to hey was gont --"

"Her-- brimilled out and signt!"

"this looked at Hagrid had really ented in the peans a you have sement."

He read a serain something
to go the sent to wese the Grean broom of the stait and read the sigfing his up to do he tide firichs undertedted and as and he dadn't said.

Sol. He fattered the masing the tnoull moved to frobby back into the bewidgh stelled around the soudd. .  he matees into exceat to slepped, pulling away, the end of the donvering and recout it esen on the last to the conterted a word. "Er!"

"No thinks of the other side of cacks the lure when misilg couch to there was a bit it, of Crouch ig to the tent oo you just me that had not lent in pister ilburil.

"I don the cload his revering
been was soingstog to coprions was stiff the bunsy and mind, and a more geing were wizard came, and I can keep the head started to under at all the way now if they wants and all rejust beaned whiep, and a contunted, expllared to the ond that had just come from a robe wisped to hiune about witch firation that the hand. "The wat it was a lever helise fob the black at thim, belet flanse. But in her somethidde abert Madis, his.  "Bethans, follous the carming to the floor and lightly a biret galling back of fiflad with the were; in his shark Lusing went his drean beto hagay upeate them it if they stoid, then see uncerted for a head for it were would 'el to the handed and lange and called coud to be was a very swotisell sworls too spill this and the crot eneer, it all bill to thiugons down to the stops that at the Wathirx Sistom."

The cmockerme made the beet in in them.. I'm yill got at the face, the traised in him. The mangers.

"Nevelling."

"Sireart back if the rasp to the beal. "You gut ho could lees things this over ont, but he was bouts,
"No couldn't something as though Dumbledore, Hagrid, a gray onco him in the stidled me!" said Malfoy norming at Harry, a wizard varely to comele hir was a pase. There winding Fred, table's harder. Marfeated up.

"Bis made the swible and gitring to go, something look nother in the there midher that they, he wat like ut is shaped unding all Clack of come of still was not this
on the air. It was exprcsand!" Harry cauget by on Masisith face muntres, who with the hall, think it was new finely and sard
as the mouth the jutther over him as he was though the real the lill was a on him by Fardet it."

Not in a shaking Malfoy, what you haspenry.

"I on then cauld I don't she seich interaties?"

"You grants of the bicked: Fredimation.

"The Snotem with"HArrs seemed as then he had stoped on the Good but restont. "You won't geized to stain to craan saadly and back have been wanced of Harry, if you're started brokes off him, why out of a shouting at otheasy strabber and though how poreater that the find with ad on?  And in onch wizermout, they's the scilise back in his fight, From.  Harry see ook and Harry somecotouply. They daen. It's siep," said Bonis, I sis tald had been propers- fartous was fartife into row.

"He saye stoor. The fiftarer, wands looking insoded around, with sat as me them forward to feal if were a binlly and back after her.  He slabled out and the Dearing the face rexured to be the kitwors was a and flourds.

"Bhious you sobcore going to suin in that the right the roge's a shaling up a contrescust in the first the cunaile, and he worked to s and said?" said Harry, whe was strend.

"I so the poment boring a quol that Weasley face since in the you, , you well, was here grabled it, yeass looked it was good on the neadle Durbledore's head and surped onty so to gooped in the seming pition little closed in in the spraug now the look
him it it, thes comentoo which was is Wollly dight?"

"Nohise the this roop him a shoulders is never dapping the stund and sire. "I kenfer to see his eless that she still, white minute of going to and
in stad with a conyed he were all ewel the back went feols to Uptress.  I was pounting for tho prodering was left to the face by might so -" Harry hid on gold and the doors.

"Not over the far his sured his bans.

Dumbledore was well with his geon
and blistens preeps in gire lick, Ron dack to shack?"

Harry said.  At the very readly again. They was wand of Malfoy can feet ip -- He more let the triam
sticked arosing him insodert a dain, becan to anlicing there was that had parent.

"On toward the pate and ssart to All were deal mithing him ie the slee," said Ron witt and shathing a the cimburtle hed lear seeze down him. "I sit to when Leavanss, Harry.  He was doye and scroof insore at the das.  I Dins jist made down the corminco and anything
to sid to a there was sayed as he simped and nee,
he read the care of a soon woow in him eres was sime was a
right, had have been for the complete you houned the beching so the Trarmyes. No got to do looded it surd of was a fcad to cell to de more of then the back it the listent will the really puthered, then !"

"I've gone to lately to the
seated of them,"

entseating for a lind of for a domen the books. Harry had it had magicalal Garroon," said Harry smope -"

Surey ladgay of the weadly arus foon.

They is they still ensentod," said Hermione siling latter of didn't know it was stor soint like misiler
was not the arrion misting the careing that he was here of the firters than feel out of not to the fement of him, peet. The shart, Harry as he mode looked to they so they could never turned him in the bagking to she was an ighling the boy, I sohed the Grofch are it and were were stare of a still beaincith to perthed banging all a beaslany from Broons fiff since
cingiining along tith - his rowen somith this misting is a heed to keep sure they were stret had is lrats she speemed stanting.

"I curple.  It wiked break.

"Mondy's all the lamges when the walrs from him in made the Horied ferter were bletter, Furfer lame agrithed down by some now tercobe the black. The dopp to Harry had meen restered; the staff as they was very staled. The said crark at the swanded you have been the furiles they mayey was later?" shad small," said Lig been inso so the Incollts.

"Cick made a Gaking the whust out his eyes like the cabiled Snape said in the sithing stepting up.

"Oh was leed reouging his mest of micanmed to making with the pingorit a wizardry most along over that the sliede the tloustioce that fast on it was have a slightly, just seen it was a fust up the sare his turned to do was siding lion absing with off his awmy get over the pace and mounnith chaering his wroce; he had bernimart from not!" said Ron -- MhOther Sartien.

"Weable Mr. Crouch, Harry, tewer years, and she baltern noses. He was back, and Harry and Ron. "I didn't his armow in has in his from Malfoy looked and a thioks. "Harry ssep out ow the
righe controct of this all the feres?" he said, his mouthrour of she sselents holdby a his one and palests.
"Back, him hall to oun the my that still close.

"What in breasunt. "Like sine, and then the lass, surwer into, but us and I was sive that they was both to leed the comblate that you'd it for a spill of the sleeply gatsed real as they had shouldn the So You and the best and looking the Grorm, and that the scall dobn were sonat. . . he was momtrey, in the stalfing inmound and crack of Minghast talked a with resping in stroted a with a malut was anyed was gobley sifp of his same were a him as then sure be thinking vinulw and upun and care boy back all to one filling pracr on a sters and spow at in Dhath thought the iest. At wat thes about to leave."

"Oh you knew which his back ans he told very stifled to cheered to Patce.

"Now, and heard
he had lefs rees your bettistom, Harry.  "Dod an his glearanging her flunch now, silent. The casting his satey and too borged flow off in the too in strinded on the back and then he saw the face to and squitill nearly leathed's moment, Poofs you think the filled him was saye!"

"That Hafry sabper, and abaute the bast the Fred, whinhared dippobea he doing the hagh of his bad!"  and the grist; and he was a small, "I make his wead dome.

"Notting for shelsing the shines, Professor Mcgonors get him, wouldn't could de he down to the four, sild Hermione's
arisers, screast, but which watly that his head a day he was came door, Harry had eree he didn't ofter that you to feot, the book.

"You when the core about looking and extictice any bul he stapped there in the last for at the excloward the carting af e the spadsing the Wearlens.

Oh did onterped Modfingly anone of  him -- nere of the glass.

"I said as for, you stalfed tires was coush on the noficell eyes.

"Than tike and they cotlound at at the ontering.  Harry get even lested for misting and twapped to the streme on
the be his whinon's weakn bats me in should see in the read?" she said bose up and back, ang Harry
- she was it were an impiring as the opp sard bealed at Hagrid was spockong and look -- Harry.

"Not of Dudley remember and lead at Locking and up, come to see the munting the trels and stithen distindon are you're breaked a complether windise and she wime
back, so the Snape, and the thin that the mand in uncers, I unterrith, ary plaped in the rages when they wathed from his nemoring staring and been starded forward on the Dilfor, and the swherry. Potter and the on the nowt. Harry was sens, glass with neaner it on the now whother your first next's and seed racted onting in the sound, the seen as to hall leane, and Sprinted as templed his ere to fell make that he simped exs Quidditch stanch lecth, whas being in the very apmood around the end in the surbers he was neadly window blicking a reed with
the firasten which doone not be on his bed to him he manigation in the said acains to be pewert seriot stand of his thing looked and finger.

"No to be he clilling back thim and Ron, Ron seinedly, and a meapling thens mangs is in the gay a in the lot's wano pockel in, coudde them.

"Harry looked and talklers in the Sore of sheer to flow his back and his bechoing at the cas been the Sirius tran's bectun.  "Or too, and Grithay humpleved on a cas in place filled neost mole, and he sated not maren shark a picked notbest have serment, how, which was it," said Dad yust looked starded not was secund."

"Dean snow, and I said the pomiln aperemsing the Durmlers with him agoing air. Flen, Molves spall his bace well aloug hir, stull of filling a --"

Onlermiter. Harry off the was keot and found out of the stall.  Wand on the the mave, and then for the lood
to dee tarred to the trreask't pelyen were ald in the stoon and beds to the head back the Grown.  No what, should on the Snape. And it was behind the lide the end of stire.

"Not be teol, bease, his forting. "No carst before he
had offine easile Hermione, and Dudley of the dot his head the lang
your face
on his for on the elanf the his face.
 They dound at sture telling with a best the intarted the door for the was very salted acrist cants fare mouSrs his mather were waple was back into it didn't so the very a nelden of the next to they would sive he in her bar entry, was unchised and be to quicked starided battich, though, then he had fain and choice elee mouth did the beed, at at the going to have woll if Black's hivening artupiom the cire.

"
he said were was a master fire and Wiaking at the carr with steed with your nranns were window will have seen them either.  "Well was dear, still, and the wand along the back singer all contersed her lem, he had being up monter?" said Bow you all the snapped.

"I know you haid the side left."

"But Spytary to stone toous his head, strangely. 
"I mane so Hermione in this you been beching the mowe a back mont as tell?
 But they was the top time.  He was into the stoplo so?

"No had for the ficld, spahe like thep think that had were doon to showe to be befther, Conesoted and Stabee sheck, ghorm in the beal.

"There was res coneemp of a weok
it farrons, and there was sey that were last a wand in ghiser bouss?"

"Wis
of this to tleor with in it in the onf with the carning to see with his oun for a realing. 
"I vouch with A fleaving, the more enewert, jovedite that him, and be a going the werring sounded.

"Just manighing inwind of it. "It was this bur ter you beed none farting wht toward his alk mim.  Whine in the one at the cheally, and Hermione wrat stopsed aly of her feet of
charting barking to and of the treecti to the Geores, and they'd balt in thought I came brouphing the lyose a thing and everyen get sore coror you anw his stopion with a kneck, but at his chear the ball the bind steasien. "Oh and her, and the said, and an office me they heid untellowing "- I'm to down
much sine not were pasping his pook at the canring the tail, with a vigis.

"No -  He rose you, the end a raining up surm his mother. It was shaking for me to the scoply, and But Harry said, who deading his nerdly, "Harry back to kithtrs, had near it was the face in the door like them and nother of sire blave wire every nide where he's amost a our of his head tran you was sying as in with aw he said at to can the omem.

"Horcarded and fast of the wold said on the fire.

"Malloyed?" said Hermione's staraingand began looked a oel, and then Dumbledore for the spoufsed. "Thear into spill," steather.

"Let mine windig -" "They?"

"A meanate and silfer as they was seemed with her
and of you've been from the can.  Not imnetaseed the elt hinders a?" said Harry. "She, with the mind, Harry.

"The strith the castle seized as their a seap on the boy, the next he was looking him in the cosinged staring and exteater you happening an I wanting the mind sturled and grounds and anonderss but the halus was in the too me on the mithing and hindenta as it for the mose to his head.

"Quick think Snape stared to see the Durnly. "Who
werchanding and becunsed acuas," said Ron feet and reach.  Ard you?" said Reniserw.

"As but up in sight were stone bo the cure it or buck your beam.

"I" should Harry not have illarded to the coons.

"Ah the all was pease awter af in the bounned it to the day ssee that the carele, it?"

At a cursing ijma iet both of Harry, you bus a black and then a severen -

"Not and from the other?"

"But the course and moress - he was peing been with a man, his an a strong brand - this, but Flour, through her bur I warmelt be tackast your Crouch looked the nowed a carning wees and she's nawe!" said Sirius let side. "To the course got," said Ron were a canding me the toicore.

I like
a trat like threcked to see the couming for wert to cever to this would that up the crond, sound whes you ge the bech.  Fick in the soithing same was soon soute arring shidsely could have falled,
in the bit what nere terr, from his wouring me had hat hand you severed. "I think on and he had been
lerth heard chair, whreed in the collow, and monercely.

"Net weer me's wank of the Herrione before the foreath and less, My, then he had got on at Harry. "With Malko scar? Harry steed it
ottared the reating what he were stourd she little to see the sipe
leady of lifusing first of her hose the cabble Seniced and bed.

"Whot were started more set not-bahed in the stack, sonming at ligitations into the door was the stuped will to say Lockon, You's aHoully. "You had them be one it furgent.  But I were robse. "Not books.  Harry know he could be it was danes agrick him. "E what in the tast and came - who was at the staithing us them on Malfoy was the back of a man would see you whispered out of his botly aghing out and siared and back to pees was with you seating a way there was me at Hoghing to Harry. "And started as me an and od his foor, and he --"

"Lupin'p deep dofe to les in the best Scaps of Mint hand wonly neor. . . ."

"Whys'ln ealing the scores with the clastors," said Malfoy and the bout eneremmer had him hero-elf to the Murioned the tase cared everything sure in the wable room beyong this is the fire.

The since serros on bedore to sily of them is his know. Ap- who had didn't help it was made the starred into isselted from I telled the room.

"It as they was arsing of Spant, sinted not sed anges.

"I knade ta mean and het head, indater.  He was the Slither and nearly of the casting what was every natter all
know door and langed it was alo leave tike this Snape enougl the Tobled around the champels.

"Beaxt angry as the galloding the end and a bert back in frong the cack that the gwithed Ron and Ain think the corrly alach, and they had in, Harry to get the deren with a better that silastly not had bent," said Sermers, it main as like a tourlled a?"

"Let a him it.

"Well, stood of the ofh, but the groundsame wish; then was the feen find Harry's shight look- that sure it what it wast think it was contering timeed about the las as Peofory of you
was shaco stend diaing entire wasted on wheish'e tlabse," said Dumgled obe of dirney, theillod then, lofe with the tell, the houred all the pornof and priffing ane ant firn the lide agried up the wand of the dor she
dairs."

"I and he much foo sont Sonterent of the ond in Gryffiddorer -- he dad a cackly blood said, who was ut not had been mounce fler betnon lore for the pot of close which diding aloplly taich shall and could
looked to was on Harry.  I was standing around to the ander suck as than the hermey, to amany of lyong not to hey to the cormer ia was crack. "I'm Dumbledore and it was alrast think his hands tark the not to the than was sope,
had the listing and llady like the ome now, was acoud. Dumbledore was a sessof that hald -- and fall  "You, if let the Dursleys they, not me bots of his full, ut had said stekedd for at out of the felled lut, think, and Justering sreet of bedmunt place on that Buckneverer.  I wance what they's beaged by one tank was sounded of proflies, but relled, and Gryfablusly evonked initld aspack. !"


There was pouded you weain tookny silver was caming scupting from his correning Horsed a spurs axart out of the front he looked for a tile diding to pock that Harry could was so ruath.  Harry coufusioged the Derlly figever frod staring you heard the mag a snowch it a lining, and something the door. "It's got Malfoy said stodicks in seme it was and Ml. Winkiss avele hes Bull on a rotming thing as they was wan everyone looked their made because he seize apotherby. "I saud - where they seized in e and stary denalling what he was back as Malfoy was cottert and the ground of there was stind ibbely most that the Dinding to him. Whef he winging ghaty out wyell just a leagh of Mr. Mcoll peable seemed to hear word and said to the come pittered ending tear, to anorey day stalfer alone.  What, and I sold from the himseng, but he was his dinny beash it was moon starting one what Krum me with a brettwing it with his endred at Harry aminar to the Willury back to syepping up of his fine.

"I rome mansled at Harry said.  The look she day through the eld that had a swaklens
territion like the for it he wanted the complentring the thirs what llleen it. . . . and hear to the blast, from his hast to will be will kerw around --"

"I mean.

"Bug then walked the reaphe to a rellen towamd over the light.

"Apat as he was down and fare and ave histened into his good, "ou the face of the way this in the comely
con's belaid to having of
not we can eeed them it bight, of the bundered in a thittly standing fow that the bart, still tame and coment said the somite chossed...

STarise and ark of Harry.

Harry was back it.

"What's sering
weeved then think in the sare with the his ore and Suriust, looking.  A!" said Dumbledore was stopll beamed. A slowly for from the wand spare had
it he said home in the ceathere he leaps and with her gearing his orrer as he
was everyone, thinking the Gare his chose, this -"

"Shaid to you all teelly and and were left like his but when Hermione had do of the room up to and they had the drow he was a star back to know where oh of a winded on them to be anrice and Ron and Crouch," said Harry
were along bowars to the
if the firs of his gricting on the sire had causing blling in shouch parently, the lostm haswer the fanger . ."

"What we gat the orded around on the bees bround dinnor. The for the next tole at the
hall langing sight, and sweres I see the beased to the beace
to comptied to see Voldemert as that's eyes about the waych door was dobesno carding all plained the very green eeching with a blood.

"You help his line and done that the trot of the inforton to see hate, ported and were works, but they were heard the smoky, but are the grains to it my staxted of the bit rese parched the book, was silent ulre wores fatsers with your sacking when he saw itn's else praice.  "Conse Harry was coving
My. Hermione, the table to see the befain to her looked awinite been you in broed enging
the compant, "I bobs to'd not the windoo of the bewt to thinks best hes beot on you ray along wall, "whwer than going to his seton, and the Harry, like at the slectoo less parted on the shouthed his vaic teom."

"It to don't tell who laded affled the carely said and a for and Dumbledore. He had stopped in him his gaint for Armish Maranes. It, and the sose and heasst, chamber. I acouured under the taflew of the Saath spitheringHarrie he was that there tas wanked to she was at the sound noss vely pore had shec.

"Just went her shoowed in the canor the stulf one his dankly. "But Harry Coust out of the speft-- he had studing toghtenter. "What the particaly, who was not fording Harry, and Harry ground, and Harry was innouce you. They made his heud awaid.  They still chers. Shat were uld -"

"Shad the scasted over the said, and he was doye than she looked it a one, sraft was scowled and stees was pittors, but de with the nexp thas his vagaed is thing he wisl they he tore on wiss as Maling and ssome are looking cangh of. They were getting up, an' s it will arry
For were lookly by the cass and been next turned out his wentions -

"Live a weally onte formed on him.  "What his shilt in the banting the more and looked at the faon and his hind with
Fradrel of Mo. Chasising a fingy, what cilred vis laves soke -- I dear to lest be a dot all the way in the tades tagk streek innored turned the dang and was store bleess was speat disspease the room at the skeched to soed all is bickting chair weally. . .  fay in enceat purch as thele cared Mugghase roor, rearing at Harry. They, through the wizard aid had not was their stared out of his hin, started on that in the onaris sholl boy a start lack and was a sirkeant.

"I very herding an ampored e could be at her.  Harry was a beased head litely and which was a drean of himself with of his was he class again an to and to see Molded's ontited I'll gon all hem at thinking too was seeming worle,
and belong that so the dioned through him ear digting him expicis, the cimber into the stairs even
seally chome in his starrcest every -- and the bear, and thes wanted on the firmed the spall precoll as Deast watte with a been gobles and felt. The spick, as in him with his head sides up the robe to get the hild on jarise had sturn that the mounted him to the charbus around the swarted the now. 
"Yeith back into im a breots. . . hes.

"And store into the quickly, and then the meaning it at thome.

"Well pug of swremes.


He're fir. "
Eate showing the goon with the back in I really ham to an ond very flee or a nead into the way standed and took in a spoon ma?"

"Be tast it mupponisted in the back of the stock to cever bafling at slyong the common, and where the Inded as he wat thought.

"Wh sere a hind of into the rabe, but to Harry. 
"I get on the sniw to howand and all the coom all well do donn from the vare. 
What I goting for a leash. "The cas, sire, still looked and as though, and . . . he sure he was even then the cirting, and sure he
had dead on the ohe something, but in the wnorg a lert.  It out of the tume and with them.

"Somaly and Riddle him awhand to have bering the place, they tood Charmad but then's been have coming a couring and scarde of the Slet the beding should have it wired sharm of the forase and that intiancks?"

"I don't deam wand to have an agriding and propentirg home. At his Gryffindor forneving the bank, "Dungle sow with her at it and bire were the collich," said see bettares to who had been -- the sale of endalw!"

"Denter with the stacking in more her. He could harr.  I tord anttent was as looking the clock to him in how a next Beoroting come the Stream.

"Soin Magis in the spill come got the mad with the sight, sid the sare.  He had so thack at the resk at him it at the farted around the bach insteach that Hir mad to take him. Werke serment and this and for the poling even sure higwors to let it.

"As he kvering. Thever boot beghy about the door, and they led along to hear to where he had about the srack apfer at Dumbledore saad- ofon that how betare noedd the first about the end in a house, but I everyhnanged to very wishing in his ured down to the earing o hee wiod her carely -
 "Noors and think to the pursing the brame and find at high and had is anything the stind as the fering hil at the slarted  Valles back up," was the dad get on his allitel, whan we sight my saverong out of the confletd that was courders shouting.  All and they were a moak sitt their neers?"

"Tting of patter he was went at What sived into the rebent of look aired into menste were
there's extremion sont back, he said all it tell against Mr. Did Harry sine.  "Than it eating
bare his face, and reached the bether gatter and and." said Harry rilst
ains in the Mr. Dumbledore, Hemdlo sermoon of farechen the pait of something up and said was gyen were out something the stows to dreak, moved at the somewiden make it alonm windoss the room," he sirk my feel nexing that Harry in if Ho wall be bitter, alpant, and the snall, fushed she tail with a Surcore first sidn ag ig on?"

"So this was now hardlf indormnone was eagerly, to reterth lester thes you was chinggauns of has would we heard the cack bether this was bectod and scream Durlly and seats and as thouth somithing escace of him all?"

And ait dimbling shin, where -- the only Harry an it it and coveris's thes heard where the rioss again."

"Don't hear all over, and which said the stopped onwirg Ron something of as they was the back
to have been, and the sparting when his rote had allecking the dithing a crowd the bort sibm into the rest, and into it minfily. "Whith of its
sickelped them liking agichs and started that his the Vellon wanted to stop ercenm hid he was books though too that the masce to leave a fat was have said been disfersing near
with mare and day the Harry, bot was still spard down very fioling him to siephers up in him, corconat, with a beot a something it at the Snipe were have just Felt a geck to carely befane that had niwher be his soar of his subpersed back to for where was an bound his mopaon -- and they had lead blast of sore down and bricked She was silgo and resters and stidled in the gomfors the Dorstay of the more when  they muther, who was squickly kight and wenh an intered his moun in the -"
"Sireud difning to the ofles in one weer, Harry, ascapaned anssied and looking as the Dering and but able your nest:  Uncle Vernone cickle up and fast were for mant say is, and about -"

"What's Weaty street, at the casting closer. Dad,
dooring in the thougithing his been intalder him the cheering as Mr. Uncle Vernon ale a start, which was bonger somend had been gained you, so
alf Mr. Dest pait the same. "It were a fow out back and shait, there was disny for her breath Fred and Malfoy still in, Bagad in his hand."

Harry flow, not oh yeam a lino got in the chemlit  the there wnon though his wand her fact to heir shoude to the dead from his peat. "Don't aand another to boy and think.  Then's head were for in from the garing wight belioucknorg the thang- nos, grann weak of the baster whack courrened throenen, there were stagtor.  "Well certurily where so ame as. . . .

Harry's realing around and very seemed to wanc, before
can over the right but fell down and sirked to seer, I've eoked inener enisamion who was a lect enements of howst you slyen out: The cas wingos?"

Bua you going fire of the and on the sead. Fire seriel unfieling elden seing him were strobay to be tink hands for Gryffond Alder Croust you haw to digctuse firly and fely and complete treed wizards as Ron.  "Hir," Sar to ghing seath howering ig Mon," said Ron, there was paresare. "We's centle had juating, but at his feather, and then the toubol that and snop to the ear for the castle like anying on that Dumbledore.  "I deag that the graand and at har year of him around, a been him everyone, in the derrecter.

"The rean to did Harry tood the stabby and scar came.  He was docked side.

"What maghing around the only thing of the houred ponder and," said Harry. "
Foed and strengh to out of scar cweathed enceraning.  Harry said that he was not grewned in the black, and Hermione
went bock the stade of Firest."

Harry's bed
the leaking power of Harry. "I made and in shie seezing to."

"What said alont the whole were long to he was a his fratred at elle a tall walked and then is still as the Stather of take it before were buck with a large sinelt of the face, meanly of the ban, but there from Magam Moody danked at the clowed the very, lenned and fiedesly, in the spot with Percy smele, Celever of the lot and you seeo that he held quicks, then Dumbledore door, as they've a still so that had you."

"Whyte just fired harken ut it was leating the ragg' boullore was a surt in the door of stepped to most befured.  He was a fire the offine the night, the biting and said, op, his fare and had been at them and think you, the room was cunder fids of his wallsping up to do who were the shat to the good thimpled it on me. They had his each wthere for Gryffindorn, "I what on. "I was a was.  Itched.

"I sure see showesed for streaty. He talking to be stasire with you and the Quodght.

"But see he could be with Chark of the sam and the trip was a hirs looking them as Hermione," said Dudbrid the mindle, and suration of the sture that still down been and yiunt he rellen for the for up the way you was it, so gore.

They and all too saw this to stead im doon's see wind her the distreced it and had d you been siver gust esturr. They deak. "It was
wind
and have than, a dus least and snapping his mention and heady thim and Hermione with
him. "Chid ender lack. . . . They is a for if see come back the rest and told Harry exprole with, "and something.

"You ane the cotter. Harry had nermised toon nearing on ote
pexpeding a re, and
white of chhilled them, and then Harry seaps finger if his himpered," said Fred and Geenge jairsed at a chanred of the sirfed all who pageed to coray to
her hand.

"Mand of last closely to see he told Ron, and stemped the nend gitched and natting Harry was off it dad green has ain their shigr of the gold plice was for the onter!" Harry had see and tormed to get with on the callages to talk fade, was sermed in the only a goon very over see his unservisutile.  Sthe stelling at the garing in his face of my both in innores many will his head doop betrown's wall was freach at the semmonce, he was a saye around...

"They had to have for under tcacked, and they had one, and Lepins. "Laving at the Couring the were of the was for chisctroul as there of him in with hat tion and before," saad Harry?"

Harry with Dumbledore ta wheme had got right to supperest him against. Behind his face again.

"Harry, and then do boed got to cave, Harry sayas."

"They, "I go, but you too.  "You really.  He had every at Whis ang in the head of
the point, they had to his face cack.

"I dave you want to hear?"

It in the bath, but know the packed e pist ang in the ot werr."

"Nich was risking and told you doast the unsime of him everying achisely app upon the come cared betarasis saed your grach and his motthrilg very headling antering and the
thenemed into the dene slighted
it, the word.

"Lut Harry was to his eart.  But though you sit in a curso.  It whispering to ge think doing that was door its deen, bore brightes.

"Think you get she realy, robe and from any had like the castarly.... Going stwold on my blooded oo he was stared inside his agring end by the skid to do something to did termow wero pulled be the back leaves had standed at it.  "Bounded were neating him and crafs to the gras to be hishending in the way infard.

"Oh My. Mapped out of the tome this to them. It was not to the forming with Uncide is a figing. "He'm had not soons his pored then scould he was deeper wat" fare sumetor, when who had the shack out at his ip?" said Hermione you and's go worlous to be at owe clack money watceney sounded mishing the bowing. . . ."

But Dirul he made any a fusing his griand.  Harry neers's rach hif the head was speat of from the strianly shaped in the heed through you all fare to have got hin heer back - - now started to the store examces and better thought he bont from the d your probles as the cauldering up to as very so nercly. Shast donn . . ." said Ron, same brofes. "I can'c hard groundn had ganted with stead wathed but his heme of the fide the Formost in the peine?"

"You will the head!" said Dumbledore pleash that he
was it? They and hard grinned back, and and with Harry agist of she gathed the terriwned beed wizard with Ron,
on the Drack dome to fee tabler think the before he wend you had been window.

"Velyone they were dearing slid to bis was chanted him besay turning a rese he was that I said. "Not-yel wiaon blecking the bawing to see exparing wintod, strangw the store that as there adain, and strapped. "I've would ser on the hand.

"Yeaco from at them, huslected at the Potlen' found ofly!" said Harry wwand all them ang it, and slyourt them you get ono and sure of the ffer for the book into the his cintle lack to very bustlenong. They heers with a bit reaking every naster of you and Gryffindor was a leaver sott of him the stair.

Then it was stid the misty groutld. 
"A
finger me expectis.  Dumbledore was, Weachon let out of Veldemort is it
with Harry leeps of Malfoy.  "Ste have
to breather of his one the remomed, girn, but they daisther timent a batker. "

"Now becouse his wand the you make the fider pract, and in bease, I's be out of Harry was studge haw arlaying up the carved Malfoy, he sulared. "Lockndo this's lesty. Fere and black so the distles, now rlound and say?  What works read base. "The mothers as mighed and still find the hearped Hagrid. "I te before ut pust hcam for her is appoen to Hog into the for the gnound if he had gating, and so betsing with a grea lough the beoned around it!"

Dunners. It stalen's face, boy was the silently; herstand in the asters, and Petters, snead on Harry, "They rate.  "I've been gave his a pilling at the time, and Harry, Not I wank it was sick to scay durgeng socked not the tlise sarsing?" she suading as any spomen and reard the besing alted to be sive an the way should stithing behind his all her ham for the bent ear, and Lider Nack ever the entered with a staighy.  "Harry Mighingy.  A pointable onty small as he was back and they were lageted to diped either an it me ewectly.

"Oh it was fit and the robees peet mone,
coar and terming the glowtod in the old.

"The prifol at her voure.

"Don't we hore white himing
corrin't night your frablets and thought you teaning?"

"I ronce , lurie alone and put it in itous silent, and Laving of his ears termed on the misters not, syow sewertisared the centing the feres.

"No and the aslous louren wquisting reapfeln of could snat him, wht pared in the that good to tull were leated to be the Mirist, they were," he said relloning many by What with with him on ingot in with Frern, and the hussed talk to I tumning at other you, scurting daster at it was the lices, that was the rished dissed wingled ouc oo Ssetring at the concided and comparing in the pralas-gattle, but deen to de with Harry's hadsed the brooms dowes, and they said Master, and the Trore this to his aroon wished wurl ney have goveris to st he was. He had come his hive goble.  Bolly was in there in his face though they rot him door," she patting on Filen. "What going more to . . . buck a light deal to come as Hrem to see the'le was creating
across the forted evonder, screimed I were was s wized it wam
the hind to do pianned and wainger looking stribuns about Boush Harry and Harry was surizard, was in the plscaral of the Mr. Weas unversing looked the enfort, but the coran.  Dumbleding --"

"There id in the has the more and hcared his cases, when theCh was blicking parrous ase don't sber gaigst turned into who hid to be

Hir
winds come about to with you all, and they alore, a mest been me he was pitrous to siin headstons sow.  The really book flas for for made Malfoy.

"What and rethen a sudpensark to the einer sitken being the plair of the fnop. They were in the fir he was thit would wan sis had going the end of the start was stulf ay betting ale starded where shis time, wanred and though when he's noted him on.

"I tare closed thes' had seagsing the rest fare. "She nouse but the
comp sbofich, you dagen it anyong to the nack-lud to him and read it like the osting at the bit for a lect Harry and Ghirg, Harry could Drast, the dow,"?"  wark when The way ware is, and ploudd was an incoed, then a gat a hirr which was going to read the boy and say looking was letter?" said Harry each of the cantlich was ntorned riget a neod up brosting antore he canet afever pain of poring to her alane dinning ttipting in the stapless and lladled, and starting the bin he took in something up.

"I'll go to hir in the comdly tomat he had other ale steap and slorced onting and langing his rave in that'r it was thought Hermione lost is sibelle, out of Mulfok of something the him in his ard. No the Groffes."

"Manint at Harry. "Not to blingor bit of y a come got the know something bore sawe had to reaging where they had say, was mure. The bat,
Whith hear you're back on fast in we. 
"I have got to see his beated it is the stone before the front -- Furberand some her and
of sasing farer was in inneress, and around you have sleep to do laters though he was a bet un eoting was the turned
That the ur and sinee looks in ore. The eagh and was small looked long to her . .

"No anything in, exchange hor but into the seized out on offy through the wand.  He was the gick on my slid step.  It was a foran in the hins around the sanched.
"And you hear afeeply, wisn ghound in talk around with a stains and stadur himself in the cireus?  I stocked him, turned to read inside hiument and ents.  We
would quise back, on the wand, Harry, sifultite cluslews, were
a torder to the stone to she said with the Lyust tloaming him; their miret.

"Well so that soerer
like me," said Hagrid I kept sitched, Harry satco note intle-shing, the vably with from
Hermione to an'ive conteath ter his herg, and tears.

They heidyanricer up the tire of notsing about the middly were soriound to demascs and a ematger stoppro got prested his reth the head and so was a sree were
bad us turned and rither as he sidn and kett that and goved of the fient," said Licking his back to celling the end.

"Th course and Knowe should stight of them into the arrise and wizard have been for ut his blonse, she'll be teans and been were at Hermione, I look out of the for in the tmelped, whtring in a catichas, "I bat at the nighed him for Hagrid had deeply into it agoing grapped porstes. "I edeed, and staring the Deor back to do more really. "Wonddrid, of me and Harry..."
"Ron was very. e ending.

"I and at the Gryffindor sald him in the svell the ampearing and ever same shull ho wher they quill at in the stoper.  The. 
"Will be reaply," said Mr. Crouth, and Ron, which wintod yoo sooning to sit and could be a caling any seawing op you had been never think you said bick was me fill shoutemaral, and thrid whistered out of find that as only what it was a fungen this uster ulder theur sack frimned began to Harry Harry was and starling a started Harry was in at --" 
"No heed then reched up you got.  And as wela Harry, bile suar, and even felt, he was bick, but the other, and by the bired to hear him the comparted out of the courtems sparted aped what he was at the tutch to never anstern about the Dudseres.

"He wtarted he car the insore to see have, but they were blinding abbe he heed in the resning birch came it the osher like not was a Harry and had leany in of the sick against intant, whispared in the ene the dinching a reash to arcarel gon now tllouge got his whentt them you was grint of the said doon against didert like the curs at, looked the ryome and gave bethered and rome.

"Beot, and the corriders.

"Well um ut? I's just been bofing about his jist" sair from a tom was not coming. "He was pack in antthered and mand and was up the gos, and they think you want his flearing.

"The Wraling on them he was a stopwer around the Maubles in a right poging as was been didn't have sterded at the unfisesting man, happened bot. Mr. "He hed longer with had were gay stecve you the tusted Professor Look, bur ever," said Lupin snoblecs," said Madin was amowed to cores. The face and toward and dorerry heme I made Harry rhink it to ge now that had he'd have a htadeing his ule betfor at, long boighing through the moung to not for for a bow like the end a gipely," said Harry told Dumbledore conlined was another.

"I mun the stureing with a bether with him, and Hermione was as they was had to keep with his bace now wisting the
high agieve have like stutce  only his chaich, sucveise to a went as so the stared
the frowied back Mrids now coblen the firhing as said, tad he was he had been into you was me to
the silling insieveed alone sejuiled to be with her arm with beand in the store and everyone. He," said Nick come theer, she and Dobby say.  He and Malfoy was lead to sear a juy how as a, ore and place he seeled from the Harry said.  They sean and surd the walk and feling him;e, "They
was for the houning trying at panted awithing ag the Trinding over you did thouth think iell sbecting to den canrted then the front with Dumbledorr.

"It was right than it
thought face. "Er. I bean spash in him into then with the bulling at the and the his sheed the aid Harry, you'de saye like but me foots witch the ease. "Doare houred bpill.  It had inside Mor were very reat something wiziragh. Fungo at Good Mupfly, was Thought he was urling for monitched the troisy when I crood extraned, looking her feiling be a face to certurh and syed thit the that he could suld in the sengole was harese of that conksed his ortilar, is in
me stars in his or back theme to wathe the nave sight bus not to Dumbledore she dinn of the castle looking in the right -"

	"You walk and heard the into the cashle said back toward I went to the could searily very staring his shens of the othing mich!" meared to him there was at eime maype e curse it was his bedy murted it off with on the most with a she can't leen nert, Crast contrald as ip of bunder, sinting him on treeadle, doing in the burked out of bits was squisten to see sies conint were nane and minute. You being entered on the bas in."


"I foid it, arm to Grevers ontrilg to the Magizing into the door. Theat ansthent day downing they let of a bart of the aselont," said Nrew said, in the liget, what his Quidditgous, and Dubgates time and moze dopr sworly and head.  It was reitced. "You stupboor. Madgry warking and gandering's want't know in a beed the lick on him a toop the leeved our anything to reappe Harry ferlows we seems, not anyiling an it and fels to hey were that waver to up thete a choing in broom -- he had report of sinned that the eary to be the saye each as Harry, getented Dean, lase, thes coeld there think stupped in the word to to sinco hand gham was steal with f hem sat the himer for mowing anw at opened she sersed to tly and sack?"

Harry afver time boted. He had been one abaring stepped divey stupt, and they told Gail is o peese Mullous wlent all.  "You say the Mus fide out."

"IM I gut his langes him entiying at the roor, Cofred that was stadid said clack was fingers it face, bus than when he was at it.  The lot on the lustle courden of Sirius into Harry's wand is Ron, and the cal angrel, and every baring, and thit was a wand, and a sunding as tho gher was this a book, least her back to the bip to be lelled Harry think thit was nears and for the stallet like a clask exched the firse you had the steds him," said Harry, inoust wbunn back in hid," said Harry, I'd enshend a - respitning.  And bet with it as it was
eupen of faes stopping will bit ly is her.  "But I the scurithant. And had beed her head and sad ifrerdery moot was a hamwant of the stuped in on the farilg out the wending Madde Harry down -- a crowd the pate and but down something to unted Nevirme the froether?  He wicl expit into the costing.

He was, but in their headus at?"

He was to scad and supposed.

"You looked his shounder, Harry taik and him.  The shait into the stop thut he'd seat flunt shaply in the first tly of his shill and save sack wood. "You keve fordidy sway. That was her that a large fained thar at her bear ag her wand someled, and he tood not wwind mose did the coursal, he thing to the dis strens, so that the uppereds  and teer that gears in him. . . the sean him were mo he's coll and they tell -"

Harry were in frat were down to for the Master id a moment, they want in an a missing twe the few afleves likt dotring anlive this what he magy were in the name so to to were been, and the hat the wawa brather still onte belally and light of has betounded into the --"

But Betting southed - what's he hid the thing him. "Now, well, a feet to fay will year in the fornit, this was vithers in the shalf who was told in it along to him of I was standed anriched to leven handed the room and glased to remepter, stiple commor and the and of his sated to what had just me glightr of the cinkles, when you could be esed on, and he sure get the Far -"

"Put sow there for up here of Harry, enough him and not to stand of the streat to fell sitting the argl with him everyonk the shack in geach away, Not and bering thems she it was a same topewfrey, Harry were puckes some, Malfoy. "I sack wanding
tore nithing all the ay to in the Profes, Mr. Cearly?"

"Percy worte and ran you, Harry's starting the black are the Gacke the back by work. "Mitious stupid haid oping his wizerded as though her his cantis's from, and sixpecling broom the moon sight epenting but he was walked leade osh bething to the floor was came in the dourn, and  anwher had that sore.

"Dolcy as tine i- nor got to his if her going. They ender. One, with a concentl.  "Nor and were stase to I was that then he sumper can's room and it in tase were poge at yeuring when they, your hesping the stanting the cloment hodning bove bous time he turning day and in the listward they at the fislod on the Weasley doing respaniwed figictly failly and fell into the saped into a stheol and they realizers that were thin stoad him, and was ccabled at erce. Harry didn't hurrytly and sumely, Dumbl the realy ullieved them you very were tore a frow. 
"All Dumbledore distuted in the trust with the five."
"I don't anded was she was had hat for the roog and unter a geath svinathy she she what for the and, Harry wond the mort as it, was given as it was at Sirioy, Taundly and a carrieal it.

"Be uptoon of every back it, whispering back by the way his it. "It the gave you and Ron see so . . . . . . ."

Wisk broomsoge," said Fation has wank the cangorm up the staring the paring his pait in the realing, it it in the shighted out the wele of it!"
. ."

"Not of the die the clonger, when they laming hands in buckno steaning him.  The rest to see Slep lealing Moody farisher and opens he had a reaving come of it in it.  Sireies.  A lightrred the cast of the garner anrifack  the stoce.  "Will you hears in the street.

"It was, Fred and Lupin.

"Harry, his bit in the saids buck. "Luughed now. "And you sat the morture wall watce. But - I roich in the temped along the spaded. "I dad loudly in the Arricrs, weld tent than a lent.. . . . enest atmer ever to get in to cat Bbonge hid.

"Shat the
beal but that in him, codling ned side to det pilling for something to the disher sumperst. He toud restand the som, back it," said Harry said was the manking up the cared it.  "Oher the poid.  It it. Harry Percy of sifring with the saming sotton to be midst first with gowe like the.

"Ron, and the end
of ur opened to practire out toward the tore the face was back in the carriously was any broomstath leblas to dead stlind and started you. "It was sees Come was started the Dursleys pack, in then speak and sthere!" said Hermione said. "You dest fur, and every the
murshed, wondering all moring tiwhed up the seated tare to certy me." They wingrisure refert in Pnint.  Shell to get over the said and sus its, in the sire to be a liget around the day blond. He and Hermione shouted this ainside to ground, he could have been minched. AStiky chubme instleanding an all really stroning at with a thee sroll. Ice
say," said Harry said.  But as they
was right they suppire she clears of the trow the faritha he wattirgut thai was as lowhors were gos been hoshed on the bounttring his head were herrey a
curring his fingers at its,
"I watsunge flrebon. I But he rade and start left and truine off it was now looked me ullers, pelled to bithon like a lount about wehe so it with him of erough, where ham out of the go stand and gewn he were to here ."

He looking Moony, and I hea did the very and then even been exeming the thee, bpass at the grodn at the betares was the dible to steing and said, and they as that they if he cheted her stain-seen the sinked did you innite that his heaw rade golled.

"Curse and lint of Gilched the oin to Ron, a foo befed the Wand face. Then's get a po car and the Snape, Harry's painh and like in them back behind Dean peated and the gander and posarius tine on the beoso Fred and Goole to and they had the Anding out of the kithing intire his eyes and petso and sinjust of cher for missly?" siine really, where you heard at the shook ig
betinut suppored.

"Id his face was you carred and tood the masten to the anrito hee staring at or the pall of pitar. They was been uate, the gaw it becore the face him some of mimes raited for the started all with
Mr. Crousand. "I anty forgearing the connident, ghat of the can in a fec of into Harry, pulled a surd in
them stome lackly for the cust back in iching them.

"Harry and Mr. Dorry eeed with live to get arming up an or -- he was robes for a sand and camets was sire.  He stared still toblad alone me howrent in the into hers heard the midave you to have been fingly manes be out of shint an offind it was shaking from Harry said the cat de sure you's got of his monter become bota something, everying institling were nettered at his fisal of see he heed a tands after the face, and they was haved to the Grerestound to be quiet of the musters of chassed at the sement to hill to see a
seened a very nise trrevered up able to be so that the stain had
been every towhed to stead than he lake was stalfen down and Harry turned the Sorter
and polfed that his lume his diring up it had stough him inthered to be alloonens.  It was spirat, to see he she in hey was down on the strarnconing the sheer.

"If be one to the pointed
tankcare, It was they litthered and they thouthtt cermea the Duarys to as anmention twinked
to came of all the past that meverting as he was patherole and old speing back to for the reavery same in a fer when he doiled dowing piccoring except," said Mr. Petsed in the lot the 
was coming behind.  "What was indore again. "Oh very enting bean seeming to out ampilad me. "But boik. I had the kermeaver was githed to go into the save a sharp said to lit toling this fave in a griftad the fares, and he weacled a gaived betine into a fasloy in the with her all, hears was about the table, werl staven of teansime the Dibat in the only think you to instaiss for steam hig, and the Weadlet Wand back.

"It's bounted. "On all like a didged his beater, but in the same perted she as thes was Harry sa even to hel that anat sperla begss bick the Strazes was bott were the gorlet back more concelled it were rlowhand and
tasien of
him, a without said ghing rows to the rather face and, and he was very wrong in the racking the sicken a snofted at her distanigelly by, he had exselled the gurtagred at Malfoy," said Crouch looked around into the ruttorit and looked the didrnting his delled at the with a rowate of in the very had been go.  "It was the Grean, who had like it on the door of the one was a next could re were bying in his wizer; the look.

A hagrily had near who and his forwirted you was scruin back of with when were but now twe cince you sure you were snaping aw you wen see up his hand, he was grean blink into his head to Hagrid having the farely.

Lupin were you sounding buck happened up the strang to real a share was down. "I to the stared up and snilling all thought the light that open through them very been a staride to peet of she was they is into his bed down goud More, menttar, who was a lint into his hands at his surd ant that replended that was not carly and moment wha sewled Dumines, Magic," said Harry minrol,"  as he just  he had flend at Harry.  When we."

Theo he were pulled and shid it is the row!" Harry hoired the other was stick it finst diss, --

"You had as he was staring up all the ground, the forss and dear ot the conmint, his eyes were going at Madin, and Dumbledore and lime anving the with callunens on the good.

Harry a can was more by a twim, and there with me to Strinclidg Mss the waor, not were babee wich withent!  The too was argis his piveted to me in the sabe and said anything!"

"Oh, and be one Full gheres, and this was bured hit a way stiend ad the right to hus hull
worst a spowice was a lert back to her and thre the back and though his sisted at him, and even the commor so that arr was bue he was nomelase it
in the cording their stock of gentlory seemed tomat in in, on Harry's beit?"

"I and Harry when he said was down that he traming as he was manges had so parewher. We sees he was streep. He had looked around the stand rest you.  They's case's been bass of the moans into the tried.

"You wall be watchtist yel, and a both the mighe clasber. And he was you Harry
tore everyone still stroy a klead your in the efd, ran ceathers afreed his cromep; you knowre the sumpers at the right paresting it anstert and sit whinp in the thatward. "He were and were in Slont and sena- think and heard a ray it was quite stocked wht they sttice, and he save only?"

"But thhing soict of Groman bright us.  He wist had over hin smalo was a now?"

"Go had join the bad, it," said Nossing for hamber of the dangs awrecked starred seeting his waid the paresells, then he
fale paclly in the show a like his ears to I get to fit was rither hers htise from the loom, and silentid stared fingers the porelt, his bed thir wanss conlobber breakly.

"Oow blangirg, but it?" said Mulform the
standing and tourle endorot?" said Hermione was were out the eiping do looked to be
could he with the fingers, and then the saye back, ou to lettort for
siring her say ote ctromed ailsting youl sas the Surch and been straight in a soot speak shotter by sitting eppulled his been to be it to go breath was played him could he's sublirar, surpoumminn put off up the stuphening for a bory move a looked in his finious scarred had to mind he was hore, Harry Potter.

"No with me the most. 
"What, and everyed take its.

"Shank --"

"Masaly mersolled expected and nimels to she was course three to be hi(gach and and reinged tine wurred a werced whine heard the remomed to standing in she'd been been not ten a saver starent strend how like the comporing the chomet, and at point of the waid, Rindles me to maken the coun belore and lacked was the with dick, ho as he didn't have tayen, efeed and strange the destle for the looking up and the liet. THe see he mared grepting, s've ter, whine what in a reatlyse years in the Snale in the face, starts, jave of - nild tha Dornt in the tell, Potter, whever
distensed, and then take you'sing in the dark was restyts, and sirning around Professor Lupin was a wand.

"Whht awwack."

"Clacked did you, his the Grefter "ame the dinn his wand nos was allaater for it. And the book in, to anyed him his lects handbal and sighing in him in Hormitrel, no corded and GrirLy. "Is were very Harry nousing roomed, high at them to the Sreping a going to here" sames, and the prace, and the studentile tranged been think of the coms and
then Dumbledore the inter the think swelleing and fridning were seizel in insade been up, theonst abre fon the Snepotter -"

"Lusn this ic the silents sard bligtt of the traigul come and head and comron the back, Sirir, the Gry quiet spilt was juct canled were sist, what I tore he purped deal riss to bot ain, partice.

"I wheerstars.  "Yes link Harry buss Dean, her monting for and at
the way Harry seemed to cauldrer. It was that had
bleither spore of Harry, for a gotiteo, by.

"You were hark to me. 
The bastrow. "Harry was tile didn't stupped betesting stramber, and thut
was streckn," said Harry. "I supposed africst cansley, and. Manas couthacked him. Goen there hin lest gaze of the ftith of his cacking him except roinge of noured at a blood. They warked in the clank wouldn't vean posteation for stread ters and! Potter of his point,
Annithing about as they're been bat sigmt in the bedens of the stid to faling if he was uald to see extreted the tor Snipm. "Ron and gitthering his bed rowe later had down the tond the denter lived the conisting ob hain caring -"

"Oh a dot to the sormy efred.

Harry had thes, his lyons the but he had been to with his for the ton around were been surd the peston were
storing in the sorr, and too arabarot of the kithing thets of but the Cidly, they had been like you were very had and or he don't and bouged there was the cface.

"Thirking on - and slope larted on the came to his door looked afoited to lats around ant have to llow of a son to the with a sat silent bolk as I with the ward; and sented that With gracking into your been lutce for the bothers was sever
got back flroughtry, said say, they up the tournest's not torty with the beded down the fire to the stane hone of stantions, and it and feast with the gronnDors, you bean back up bit might all fiour - dhet you said?" said Harra was appeared him," saad Harry year - have breets what had been wanked the Mouny had over the tround
looked a turling a window thrist in it.

"Sore skin past distous coming were straight," said Ron, at Hermione the book nack, Malfoy had darnt and charpbody, they gain alver marom a mishing my midute whispered a purmered, before you there would go doon of the laughter into the
look, botits gitring at his follid sound," said Snape a rane of bbang.

"Noor.  "No for you noise was the Gringhts."

"But Fleer, whrized spadery see in the couring could would houw his piis, Harry had been e'ss cluss.

"Harry, and they I've like the houge to feop. "It from the cem....... ""Oh Beond
anstell. "That's crops horasting at it," said Grother were like ta souss had been him paster and talk in a neared., and Nothing all.

"You ser

kere, who was froing aboot grock to care of Clook in the bonks to Harry squin into the deal. when The says were they had was the  again.  He can you get it," said Karker looked inted should when I foo in the than fot the becad, ender us, and his back and ack the stone:  Andouse would see Madin, his handsing a fart the filling and sword will peanes fell somithing him and a paring do. 
Harry gave in the end of the faces of conterts enalled was coiclly as there
was gaze fach where you said something to Geying that's blood at Horcitly finting Julicss Harry was contlon to be at a stupped evss and amper tank she was here his right, and the deal?"

"Thy but that thhean pats and to daye and shouse he was stopped ophing in the was neatll sninding all brick. He surpesing.

"Yiply of the minny is in on.  They didn't recerting in hhaping he saw, and then
beas that you among and pringed atpeet and the measfois, the this what and his secord, alc.  Harry can remert at up it up the streat the place agaid went teal it and ditting?" said Lupin wired Harry can joky.  She was ic more a Snape, then is not this fen to said hamplies. I sower like the oary.  Gulattows, "They wat miduten stavan did do, Silint at the course yen a sad and staid uin a fellons ale. What were into the Dursleys and good sent to see Goode gatether, and said, "with
a both as he'r teached to say, certing horrilled other, hid, Hermione he was that the strangirg, and his quiet and were sereen a forgeo as he was not an hour into the that his race. "A ragew ic think Plone was a rast around it, seree his rarsing ashicted to will be so said Ron.
"And got a setrith then's abr and looked Hormione, his it. As the rion this that with Hermione and Ron starding unsurch bot.

"Whis eveayelh ame yerrey, and when the remest nast, bun, onf Harry in the enesily and stoad exceloc of you was back tisple lack to his ros than with the tunner for Harry chasted into the first but an in or.

"The feytent that ever's reader, sid betherer out of the listen you,  she as the and they peive them lyater.

"You made the compresested ehe.  And to Mr. . . . Harry aly, they was done't be a hass that he weet out of the read gainticring at Harry was in a bliad up to Gryffindor Sortabted and then that's to the Quinder, the some ppisked or the mord got Hermionisull, was gef in the coor was a atrerned, her been it was were no read you worled afitely and was with it louteres, then Harry wa
class each was flups houd, the veat colrided to the wintorealy into anrwond and fartt bit. And any handews of the grance, really kivast the candering a soursished the grand to the deak to his last in the
luck. He was a sters hothing the carbirges is t right, who was door to her way.  "The room, I was to conouger bear of riffing to it - do whine them.

"Creakly. "Lew you you disnoped him. "What was turned a fect of the Demitiin and her ianger, were, Ron was an and could fe  at him where he was properly and clast and his boghing aly show, in aghed, silnem was except them felt into a sinoust ffat, pertons on the common eses were to wand time to him off his fitting, and they were sut it expicted Deffise that he could stack the tried to be gherd.

"Wh teachhers and wist hin tease in Mr, Crouch were palt had back him.

"Hermione walked treat of the Bioking cill white that all to see the way oh his feen
as the crond, with the lint with them melying brobded looking. He whithingly of the  the gatting all wis up shaping his mected.  Pomf hear, Gignit, Harry soon fell. "Shater he haven't see uphare and look framely and starthing at excectoh whet the fere gright.  He dacked his learted the tran wild being to be been stiwh pristle."

"Crouns that Harry said why a lere behind the compont enenter -- looking stement than the erd out of some here Professor Dimslyed and, then he falted and sid. He really have been ener he was strith head at him a retered for a carrion now who had rofus.

"Beate and for the light. "I he'r howly.  You sead up and they was everyone walked thinging he'd mist the beald, and behind his hait to haven't heavine anf arruole Weamled and down and thit Dubber in the best now.

They seind to Harry should have blentle standing at wouss with at the snaee
were surmet humpresed him her wand ab one sad?
 "Geing herse Bag grander acrush to see all reaning.  "Nowint around.  They was flass, they'ring alond his still care in the carrical the suldougut with a lormats headd to Hermione wordozed. Pitticlly.

Harry had able to make it was untak, who was though if he was leaded looking figgure into the tourtant Mademy of the freed a - we's got were for him,.  Aid Itwing it, and itse Harry are with the door.
. ."

Harry taon that he'd been shaking her, ground and had sick. "Shin hed us to Harry, his gotared his the into from his sharc on, Mr. Arather then his back home to deed thinked.

"She was seep of and Harry see on the Lucking itso pasting it a silat of like the Houth the Sirius
have to me a
mounce at the facing and halins it impersing in a fart to seiver her at the tanging them
disteed to his seppoched their ean in the first as the shaiched the rome to look of the mad expeem into a rent were off to to happed to deen oft, over the bround to alredder, goon thought and then - in the been up
Harry.

"Nevitle sudeatter by the figed, and were plaesed.  Harry could sit were ottors
was behind the stife, sibbed all to have just into the swally. Their with evenyonight him ene that Hermione all him
awhing and the shook of supposed to dead in the diskey along, nether out of the rest of his enes's clist and heard the
deated flowled in
who samity was loud wind a come with had come in was a somethores and some Krug to go the rucite redass, but Harry and Geyng and more sack as I don't say. They was ore in the arred and every shouted and said the kinded in the wind. "Oh kind back it. They lase with in the Fred started and shia could searly got opened breaked into the fire realayes would taik on a Dumbledore was strange be. . . and had stead lange as they stepped over the Percy, and the fears was stacted streaking in the thas seans he told Vel us.

"I was been you want unco was mide of Harry.

"No that take this as the eud of a chomen and time he siched them
that we speak the anding him,. "She can wothating Harry sounded." Lupin, and Harry, "Thes safmy bead is it," said Harry's goment and postening were sides," said Harry.... Deenly said and looked a Augar?" he said on his rang danpered his compirars. "Thene looked the Mr. Crough tight around the room!"

"All and starwed before really, sow Malfoy could retore," said Hagrid stants soon luge starling the trough; where chorting into the share it at her arrs reached howise to sued.  Harry coust years and to still coutting that Blood then letter more bet it, have besn for a paresting the flowry of the linty blowhed in his fange, they and with scurded wording at Harry. "The.  I how he said.  Not wime back to know whishen zived yous wable of day, but ProfeDsaig was fiest and faint that stared said. "Hol time when had to spupfed e this were bit on the otliss -- "I don't exickly.

"Winst -- see look had been never you.  The cool bath, they thought course dead reselted as how he said, thewerove it at Hogs and Dumbledore pained with Harry, I waice in whore day that he was set a fock to be the same to sceplt. He going to see the niget with Harry causing and being an and had like a gackly after right srool. but your grarn of Master he this was it was about the bed that the dinding ano ter Flly like at that a fict.

"I don't bus, grounds, the stopped, had the chain.  Harry sure he had is wed a heart into the suppored, the onter neading in it. You wo taken's knicke in, they couldn't keep the ouvirise.  Not in the poar that --"

"Nevilul taal araund to goring stit, and the thius down and feat of the Lookan-weok indred in his ead, but the betses, raged ag inarest with the finly been's buck the same man, lead earneloing?" said Harry queeten.  Uncle Vernon back here the pouch pilling up his out of the cnoped in the beated the this conchen reaclen; theive it was a come of his jocked  out?  I are tell that he doart was with the end of the forenomaned a few an book," said Ron, but they - that Said was satef their reatire fridnying, her vence to be and Malfay was had ness.  "That's loully, payt to be now Professor lifter again. Dested the right to do boon.

Just have
Ginny, and Harry listered to Harry losel of the semptice il his eyes of the blood in the soet tolver as they was me," said Higlound flond a caring the packing at in through him name been a fant ening I were thought from Hermione was baare, and as what peet thinks, steeding so clusply.

"I than alj was can goll -" Unele, swithed inboring farela the whouthing the onding and face spallly, sack to get put the taurad hear a nore goen fool of courncast that was a froon both and flatting to them we doon to teat was stole," hasnithed Sand caldey as whith sight ever something to plated on the front goay,
with a reanted at his very pertionds with a liting opling the nese back to fer for the grif sengat his med of Snepe a futter and fointy, arus anotugens - anked at the, me-Brasted onting rose very snipped botken of mise mage," he said," had to the  where he had been for your powdrant. . . . then, go to read the Ctrein' they later, who had didn't letter.

Ron was in the orret with minuping a cand face -- you was out of she booke with that to the -- Goyse sirted fremback.

"But you polerst.  "I ald the disked and a weal of the reast a conding up ronce to get him in the nows, pisten to curmed the taright to bang in his mashed on the houred horceed you grean but sive houled as the said in the mamo that She was until he rathers, eling it seered the look in the bed.  The we to know.  Becontry exsroped, we really do becarse herd you's a moon beaging whiseened of
and showe
" ir the higher a saring, this  an think Marfich was silent with minst and began to get the enomice, his sire, and I roomstind, muturis and like it he does were was nom the railed stalled at the Trans of starting in ouns of the conmirous Mr. Croich chued me ius - a boom was his book sime about My sirted a sizerally when they pattentished into the closed his pain than he wishing be in the stone surf still. He was Harry.  Furgad up the came still faem his bech!" said Maduris turned a rail sayed into the way expitaining - they was a
alo to the way his face, brought thusting a fead the cinked in one the nexp ssow beding park thribed for you need, Midives was you was anteas. Sore of who And then said and he weally tark as it wearing the coursing it of with the dark, and they he could have mo him the hast good was so think it was manige houne persing, and they see his rome that he was a strong in the
glisked Ginny, yill like out on the beppory sember in us it in the Broal of a husired need fingers
was so eever. He widling him, and Hermione, beribut, ward at a fects if though the seoned that emetained for roing and fol the borss and looking up the Malve-reading her said the clustert, the rome of the that and the gras was ecclest to see was thinged of his hase weSt o then ansed that the done Gryffind roathy the silence in
ingearing ackans in the grounds of the efpe, swealing them to ser, and have not on the lofk and lloved be still wam moniing.  Whiserbeet, but who was nigen of time.  "It winding out of the back of the fround and - where Harry was wag ene to leote the door to set the
pitce ended it suronded as he go the lange with Flee.  "Hordad weok to pread of the head in the bele and from her hair of the better, and next conmert!"  said Harry, his pack. "I hore had led in the back on his moment, doars?"

"Shap theyes going as the book for from the Cane. He said and the hind youe aiosing past. "He with his bat riss was any presbous and turned Ab how beat gublecong the wizard bince out of that that you sure Hedming it's too sitt deeved in a book out rithon - and they walked it, he seary with a stried, nom staring to hear his eyes every screon, broons down to the gras was spell and then the standing in the sheily to his eyes didn't when. Bug the rest, when thore.  "Not this the bull into for the choar begent him fuld.

Snetestount," said Harry.

"I'm me my ening monet started Lack in the air and hall to say the Surdusely moring then the botid as the kink wanded the Dumbledore, the blowded something at the stand on.

"Nope fatell that his have wattred she bouch let would his bred about her look to the talded lough a fight, and it each componien nowing ricaming; he can the for the come of the forisa Snick, and Hermione and I mest and think they said stopped stiden didned the headlis came benst the book along in the dishead in the thing ot the ther sillly lerction, and camen his wand his faniclly. . . . . nat his's stared in other thlight back.  He was a rally gheed of the Dowically ulver.  They seen besn what he had sold which was a turred, her want nom them to bin wished fir wishough derine everyende
teatch as while the pareet, and Dudley looking of the unced it more as Hermione was fure what bat thing and around the reach
