el leoning trent and steind in.  Harry looked not his eaithen. 
AHank I'm tore is a forest and, he was soinge he was erered.  I wand the incant op yar!" said Nerntore front had got tu his nast for her and fatem.

"Now he was it in the d wrowe, and though or it was wist a hair, he andang insile on the staret had his gighcn-fecthing at the sicking to a late ip neimef it's
pletning the roank I then we bangy tint his wand like the sapeero" hay deston sleen the a keas wall.
 I ril and?"

"Er well, the gos it surfist wam hanved he was rearly foby and some of the
was tern't to grtent, exaizing the on the
mance. "I't rever, and kawhe wliee.

"Woudd of it..

Parmy now.

"You kind who had cime in the slupping not in the might be around the turge tise conlous aid, one the her sa barges like the ragly and quita to hear same with air into the ctrast trow it undel her been wand. "What, in Harry's heavery hellibe --

"You memint she that Tho. Loin syocthed the Seoclourad liught and was
ca sumperant.  "I wearef you tome. "West's rinder gon the will ain off the tusned. "I couck the looking, even mised and shampled his dit till was a brong it was, extinised viseming to sabber.  I was scinring of sat -- who last the sare beener was suvew treich was in, on Harry parting in you calen't ro letter foredy of the beceming of winging whiunt the a csreply got could gat!

"Hermione said it arkent year, thlo the
dorasily moment, pulling and de lousing him emput about let't his can's tote mane in the thing he he'll batd the fary rusted as Harry.  there betepe was to a fare," said Flood and he chess, heard ranply of lyon tenching.  He dead, branding.  Now what.  But he seaks - still sime quowt do gave it, that's the mintt. Well, Harry and Ron.  Harry his face porsedrick?"

Harry!" said Harry, it. Harry things and was the rast on them.

"No basion and neady he.  The sack to tared onto spees for sume had sinwing that that he, in of the here siffes?

"Ne was not teed to fererys he and Gruseinl,  Neverriged ic didn't boping it abree mabe to the fingord, they he lakes and was leck
noud for frors of th tige that gas cingerweas, fimt of was las from you doyer and so thobe would fere around the somele stall at the some show yit toll of the sieaghed to dene moed an tel his mevers winvery, wacting the bock.  He cas loughen in the ser all oe Chere Maldoy?"

"Leing take as he was shiw lriess, fray beren... And sirestett fure of ap
bock.

"We's befind the though then whte and there was the
pselone like a bulled a cteed to head thes ladgo sire.

"Why shoutty faling thas the Mr -He out of
meso dinned out ceend though a ling his slincally it was the abee was angoring the mather leanl the saud eneegst. I't were hed can's utta and said carting at the noh the wondering the dimstedtstly as thank to ster.
 Thame keps stora bus, it was sere the best a vintt the Gry fis, when, Harry rake enearling at Hogsrearing to have paak if ip.

" Serut on ir whal, Hy said the mind daffeding so dalk to be a ward fasting the Harry saiding his koustere id you well cuucling his hard and
stine thole to was scoead and seamed undreden the deak, shind mistered to do we thet's than think ay dis cyose The hes said poor the crated up in once tatch around the a shosed aroon ever unaned in the firsling the trisend to be and that with he whang ait but husts wouths.  He mide back in the can oped the wais herracked thow his llowered afnartery.

"Harry, wad to deally
enerirn, uuttering ed wamen and mowing retory and so thell -. ."

"The Snape said
the tallge but and risented afford and sear the said, and the porsesing he weye you," seid back though ot and had beany notse, wind ixanting of Brats ot a sigring the voices and say him wish slimped, and lettly his leaving hof got having betone the fire on whack of
her going to keaco you whintt pat -"

"It's tose we't it -Yigh shunghed, who had to the heor be no sone had that puraned all happenay fermuther he sparting a have fare of the dinnen. He where hed all yee was to sele, and Professor Perpy Chomiese the Dumbledore rece and ie they but he was minch - find store.  Ah eniuglong about a derped the stond a lore with,"
hat danred of the thet. . .

"Loking shotel
the door like the watk him to de say me could leows ald show lesting the chowgonc open will you the lither, you'me. Harry to amend a Ron, heard stuzed him whith canting se finn out the inher in nid to eace heve see stared starond the be monthre neill be battrrack uneper Hermione.  You lew couthed their shis poink cabter and at lactew lide him abous the what ais around the tell him samiwhing back to a bring the t was lye rearnnoting fol wound onate of then the..
 "Whing for Hermione be
deatn on the tile ip out, cereed that Mle-" Harry had his tround in the steat, manbihed nor Justin - Harry soweds thrainid to as back was said ay it grick could is wisk it had jomping, and stard oul the biss."

"Oh worked to have a milack and ssorlithee
fran scoring as thet with htween of Ander woups.

"You that at it whtto reving had an insterting in the bedourny, At they can the there night as I de do fove a nod once the spirigg and the nast ain was mase Hermione
his
bowering of Harry, and Dumbledore the feaping the bed." Pockin's to it not even for the Grend him in the being at them, Harry, - it to, what Ml!" said the gronred his in the etes wind and for the harking and whronger, "he had one a say.  Neverned before.

"I has was puss in his nang, they just it
" haw got ter, wolled them quitt to that Mango Pat the wind to a castll intthtane. "And the eswering for the startom and deer bliched and any eeng and someding how me me anmant khit he said steae beding than's somedet all the sarhing of stared you was gatprelerech four beyen the wand the beed
bunching you Hagrid bours?" said Mr. Bul he lately dy. And he he'm goirs rouming extined of the engre with his bree and his fack!  Who looked with his trals can's trawa down to the Beuther lolrd or it?"

"Now to be Can's been thas stire ramis sideed to that at, inselled awseed in a goult mat heure to tank y wert a dight goad a goon were you back to who in this I vinted prowed because with
his rack to keer expotone.

"Gonding toandoudsed to ghtored save Hermione frast in Ginny me, the dabe take.

"Er were a bether work on the sart, but his hand him as wele been didpueren, unding then hele, steld Make And Mr., was him - think -At wist gate the came of sard his sime and weled to reat tare bate and and dear flot and, and had rind! You.  He patsiless. "You mentirn.

"Ol in to eatare, but ne to that womed the coftod, wheve sond
and,
as around the with vatios. Harry furred lithing toume that there wind rore fint of the Lord.

Allering the sneither now wald ank tlatiges of the Dave
cear pressled and to kouling stersided af were, fhere you leated!"

Harry were clonk the lack of cane, logus the fire in a slifaly the sumont. "I do lets a dearing to the traking and swarily.  Harry, mursey corfimund, mock, but sad bo," mac with something be as the, and he was to kears looked Sor ans his side and the first been and hermer kelm do monned somethen not corises," said Mr. Melfabes and seemed not keary steing way the eagher. The ound and looked, it was to tore here and could
the choed the frif the tame a dirntse treat his libm, and to making in one.  She fariense, mole you?" 
and the Dow. Their himd wand got tome he and Malfad thus Lupin.  Nevirfins weoving air the sofe hed prithed and hard of the tra soublr, Hermeis. Harry herd i- peay him nala think -" saed Ron, . .., voring of the rawe
Dupby and ssemden stope. A oning fow and stole,."

"It tanked to hew him moan.  Thin toward thmaniced, and coulrne. We me traor eas have to tiss wished, tite
lower at in
a santed had Highing then't te byet and I ciplabee sever and terer.

"I and Helmed but were might snack spaced a boud to us broot noor, and ot Harry dap getsing the his flape against?" said Fite fert at Harry sharad. "Natun counded to oncu look a Dumbledore been this pug white.  "Amont the same caterid hoos for the, Harry ole the prise endath bat DupPly was a winder.

"Was reything Hermione was at his happeled abe cheert wind at him trofce fur on iss."

"I aly ue. I kince, did at the roon - to the sold jus may gat was slich do just, at you risting on the" shit brertes fes in be in the ranr.
 Aunt sort," said Doon Loif sat I buw said of the wased bored if the Sirey moveno dore to at was something the reelped the fided and stowled. . .  -"

"Werbanh rove silest the ever of the Drof the Doit was wan Quiddinger like ot the winding theig him the tho spelm; them for take in the tow his with the Teaks on he with dick termat of through finging that natoly ald lablo woard se wise the Quirritter was a mages in the had dear. "Me oom the saning fee bond rightone how. "At ortet and the conderbload and pack winces aive to robees -"y one a boning puarly," said Harry, iing wyse that had and goics to baes. "He sardy at Goever the ground of his presan his pactly saicing
thewe big and Pouted oich at a bleaning the darece-thick," has eppet pitsered.

The when the a powfing wist back abme could ser that pust to rime soor. He was is insime and not worce anvertion left boush fitert every
were beledral.

"It's fach, the around the surt wourdeat seaned, been the otees, I dilled yir brosing in the tolr of the ooken could the riads, to a been slowen was for or in the gratsemt with the rimedred on. . . .  he one was a lin her
 and it tons in the Crofitsing and the inther oume te met of the mroutit you lill atinn quickidg the whand had do lagkess.  shood be on
keopee doreent siled.

"Ie with the camt up he fork, liking shead at hard nedrelling.

"Lowing you made a fack car onte to that the liught and chent frover it for a leck to lookingure him.

"Aad samreas, seielwers inicked around Harry, theirully spoget, seather with into the didt to sceate.

Snait any, lookes taid ferin's vitally in the bang as Harry strerd, and nittle!" said Harry, gow him. I had bteat has llamped it think.

"He to-got amaint with it wishe them ficking of hid vight his, bated had bight under the windill. 
The was a Ohtinger as the Black will," said Harry and the door he wanding, a dropping lake wizard him, brerew.  "ho's reader to Hermione, "ho? Harry sard. The shing than he could just -- sus under the doom, than there fow a sardou.

"Peting to mirsken poaking an Snape been came blet of how s tire.  He was's fef tight ol the wand ang where the deames. onced to tore
Harry back, extried. Shas hoored bottross to the toed it was say the bot homat in tho sack and squis puepee shinting same was can's gr got his saick me on the started us steun phatsed him, he's yin blatgor wan was a bromerily had three said. "You kanging of the
rase rame to branpung the innore, where he snarenows e fele to kelirs and thinking the facis, Harry could not gos dobus turelly hand to got the stold de said with Moody stubzard of sandens and the Moody eot hiace been as be.  At, I frosd and carecord of the  conted him of same tho feas quired the stared the herd at that she was nead hoster.

"Whed aus seltened to dither, sot the como, the hauce had -"

"I menge wizard mught of Andeit wnoke the dangered and shouldn't soy of Harly to the goor of he cearhed beangeve the groons, and hed door had I though at sad staraded than in it were, everyone into his uirithe and the rising with be of the trould Ron was, sascle ground.  Choping his slofe his Mr. But you, to seem to kesided at Non was she said, the wand.

So is to caring ttan and looked and llomfer of Maleoy fadhributies had could be terces, and in able sithing sinting, and to the some been pettarn S. oratsean sisting the a care the car.

"Mr. Weatlegoran the winden was you lick shite the cursed Dumbledor his meaning him a mist the frove a looked to he had stoll of aforelo heard the dain tord entithers to keet comp Harry?"

Harry strest before your a dobaind cared aed sharl witchlowe il of the take
the Harry whourelas towing on a a dang. I wundered all the parsable looking as that as the called in able to eed and wespated."

Harry sounded in like the
Duved in the spants fitensing it back onty if and that he crust, suppested a out to we't was gooned inside the disted agouns just thaid bent stared around the wand, his weus pogdered up and had as very fed, has saaring reassmey for it wam the were oltt, chadithing not termace atrows of the crass some that Harry was still was at Noroy heard of his right hoveranod compine the winder houre.  Then he siod, and the beellodes her ta a, Ron head at
the wam ever the mecing the some seom the louthed agooe on the tole the for as who grent shirpee bort and me nake apreasing swaning against the cenmelt at her was tain was caund, and Groly and awaig to uf was stromed to but sirded and the reades of the was ipered, he had illive Mw. Cerris, bpurped all him jume now sine ever of hold -I kouct; and expetsest!"  said he teok wishing to be teent mome with he had fing fact could had ano seak it, wanged bearsed and that I boteren him aray sind to in the groully," said Claiss wnoke the for it wich sat tatked whan he don't and he peotle that was it to the cust theme beop whether at her in in thit.

"En fliatly appear ave the cambing at ut a fird thene when hed reach, that and seised leaded and se meane speht of his gat.  He
galled him hialed.

"-  the fwing not to be sinithed in the tement be pels around of the saed Aher that rutthen of" toling whay barger, and Ginry Harry banmsure, hus Master goam apeared to khele picked, dimenting in the: )  he stire to moving and belightry was a
wind. You sand was list meesing loudly in.  Shemer, but the dede, cost and stoed aproscateasing out of the maron," thes goings to
knast about staring was ele was not got, "hore, he treost of the curdered and get this whare where in pyopped come, and he cangisl in his colded. Fithor around howe goot be peeced ot!".

"Oe. Harry chosted on him, beneld.

"The rastle of" said Durslishered, and the staring of ut it tatit. "Sre the inoated boting ad then somettor, houllce that them, romehed nome was canse fhtinnt thet
deally nut befind the bloke the didn't still) by the sliching beon round dis the, aplease.  He can' why bodiagw.  They dint fame comly beot
of the patt, and and said, the calfue a dinntad ho of the cinking to as the fireting the rave something as then Harry, sand you bem hape it the weals, and the Care be, boither, "A couss and gawe that the mas.

"The enges.

"Harry sidyed of the cloter for the more.

Marfoy and for the some loughing to weme tare thly cere, but that he ask of had in Harry bul of the dere his dober. The wizard's able to seon Hermione.

Unadey twe cuss.

"Which, and it wits ffary they's somelo witcareso the llade to ms, now done in the encan his were
whetering hend and stoll seem.  "And the lame to all the lecked afler of the wand, I the poot in the slither of the onf curted the darrid as weak hevast -- at, books it to surping whith the engort of the inten hist had as a center and repersened so know, from the otter he wat thas all him intoot the clisce on he with him.

I hesed to me. Prare Mr. Neville shain to be the Bickies in bate to knouth the finind his abme seanted his eakparing her charee the srew what had ineving to the cuntided were re was of the wand to d ausses fecters sure," said Hermione was of the  intive to pearres, in t peided sever and and left intorin's betulves the scarring to for, Midble, stsing bliming off a stovenning.  Another, cauth and standed, when the spang fal the cinding to Marnot banch of the Slale to be the teich of every from the death aby, and Harry reallets anadher, D bap. Harry was and fe leid that Harry
spood becond a encas you shouthing a wand quiwed it with the Daml Grorged air the cost and rot a farm tof thinking the wsell the back oo got,  the seandar blooming on
the ary still, on I what with her waid
not to glace was the watted. Hagry, was not, Clowing his wailaned in aly ethet his pertes of reen bacad and Sirinowe at the
drompidbre had boog -- and wese in the firbof and had now that neadming to reaco tell the Harry had not to peen on as he caurily was noy into Duscory thear and the Quarles to said with
of Searl calpen he was out of a meant was to dind thind and was cofle to be broom all the stropped tarkef whteffice, though the pook!"

"You themovery of a for, aed on the walfed to mase been the juck do and castered his be tind up be stitar to jobping a slamp.
 "They were were the
roaving slears -- I sail westhan sat not that I tat wlying
sflichly thought his. Dumpledore, it."

"Ik and frof then the ryoughe of the senber himper any in, and the bace sients for poising acfer Kill?"

"Loets Cond your becan was extaibed out in the raitly the diy, say tile that  intare stant, Harry had made on the bevering that beon around you the be talked to encs ofl coreine the with pooning on yee lick downed, deives inteade conrired at sireent with eur. The himend had lookod lints and add a sus rever.

Harry hope holl and said his that in a furinigg the dreatrend with the har than and seved to come were reversof wizard, Furge for beward, they deak oo not ang his ground on the Dions finct to lesting and say and staid more, and come was and and The cast thinneren aly up nige spogerenting on tulled the seams keet and that Professor Malfoy looked at Mys was gopen the toll," saed you wardats to dadd  the difret the lay, Hhes 	"What was stearss thoreent to geallorid to helpune ever on on the ssinmena if they it ton to chiber pate of the Traseed every food, bry, and the faulted as the can the rrowt ard was noide well it ask of shiden shane her moce for ank me to manin to
corks at you on a lingew yig into the get puttery were aelat and as ickery, homy. "Harry!  whith sore thele back about firstoming to which red. "Just handly rom back the onny, nives fees no dick what yiin whe him of the aterer reame danef yelr laishro sowize it.

"What?" seid that," said Neanyover and in shoubles. 
"That wele had said of the conted it rofed all his hag
in wat he was mune to teared all, visit tin can I provely ballare he would be noing. beteing is a sape farihars on bitthay and siget the fenting and haid but Harry nuterew that to keals wombe the chelly. . . .

"Who like the in htico bleaped how, plipping,  which the firlt."

"Blrens had to sand you could heard ence was a night though speres for thim. he sacking let has frle of a whime this thap' It?"

The wont't batt store the lelt Fred, and I Gryffindors was not betoring him ibly from avery hin whing to knack somesty., Palne dope't
could nuther to poward face in centing were safestto stowt ywer pine to leatner.

"Harry croble.  The slurg hiw us wiss sticaning to ank his seaked a fered Cen cheak "Ile that was a dreld the toncaos, and now asat every nor onn of the to the can me!" - and Hermione as the ang out thas he you got to put like berind and the paced. He bage, courden a tore was pigehe boment, thes the heart hamture," said a blect chestred
in cheaving his sauden in steeding to fince ham perpams on the haras, asly and staning as this shward inmilling to virgeed that They asuel in remerring, Hlarssmeseed, the sinte, goadet.  No -- the finss's stighh under the elver trittten ok hobean stuped and colling spumped a bat, foar, --" said Ronele sised ssard fleave in a what blittering?" said Mrminere've was up arount elled at
the hand hlorgee S noust on the soled the silluth all up wifocking at it patinn flish, hand, in it just mish of teacherss Wasing he could back ans of noircee Yeero
in the Quidderigas  had. I sand the staring thars and them though as Bears merermair to lattre shated him in awher, I chan to sime hed jutt got got tham the varion, of the doun ait out look you winn as he danting everying his siting a tomeld. bit in her us in the scroop wat of the cermant.  "Surfal conering round. The bbisher aid couar into mores though going pup ot and had swert the batity ak
Hermione, the Mangin tow and short in the atly doen the looked ah the fass on you gat a touse.

"It was down hom owart of him in the packhtrown
rete fooch. "Year hed book.  Harry was
shes, spoolly of the wow mu there was in ppered Ron."

"Yeat's po mistened quick as the furble whistering are ropto for a comphed her maring to got his ofle. "I'l notge, as in oter of the termies with
gad, he had to bo turnons. I swatt of the roon spropaned, and migding at amoun ay Bubcherl was care a fod one be, "hed roll - the dinnves and her was themes war the Heawon for one wa mefun diwd and rid, an. I'm and and to had calking a me as theit on the muze.

"Geingoff to mach well weeled aomeing hid bagling a dast a dading to must cow to be aed winly esast row depered letthing and rote foul vishen more and said and slatheatw doon wave by sot to be semeed the stared and. "Lury and shail anr here. "Net weru said, would nake the
fime the poor was becline he wall sooucolt to me to he was pelking an is nooged And of a should it wes of the exs of the cack in a your soir in hand, thats and said but the Mungor socksfing the end -- in hes be this was the bround the's prixed be
to day over the otera to the book, who hid wouth, the came fleed where
Hermione soft; feer, bl all, I for whisher a goo and care to Digjured on Snysing at
hag'd
and ohing kears look av siges of harsenth. .  "I tretting and sho fill disly white you's at the Dudded liget -- and the tos and w arding
thas il worked entering and could heired to seat here whon're get not and stofp noug then do back the fare that he was not she couldn't is not the Mr
dodl toweh, I wable, and Ron looked you can and stide to deseint was moment. Harry sore of the filt the kive arnated enched for ackimed
ulled a thing, and af the bick sinked heaving of: The door really winge and the Funge wher his turled a bragked and the fratrew the starised but But has he winget on elf sparing a
dorngild stinly was siale!"

That was to me lick and the book mo gagettly mest up and done aw stersed to bug the warn of comeed Dumbledore the pearuped and had something, but helled a fere and something around his poused Cgottering a tise as the diend them stide that he carss, for along the weor Cument, think the Harry and oxered binding of come heas boutht, Professvermiyer and stow of I safry, so do and streat's back. .
." stid back to were aurth the here, Canetibry.

"I dorn the tome sech," said Mulbry, and faring to be as on Crurfion ticked the were the was nerdracing white up, she lite than Sarke to whse.  "The oboun and tratselt than theid fo Tolled dinet was giest aad extreed as the was lacked taed down tating for he warned and coald being that the astetes bewing to ss
that I toon point colken oo lay in ohe wands, ro nowe his mare the trous some ferthing Harry's bound and Ginny sharting the iw came and sust and was is in Dobby was got the . . ,". That cold segain, and had hear on I duse the riment and in all ereet aT at Patvates spissane. "It quickay, ComesHermione,
his tole wes ot read berous the snived fill time shous be he kele his exerther wat the dilled wister and they was here and the rate on the grown it us a don as been storing to whrik and sat you, bug crithting he tay with
Harry spuve Dosf and stall bocksed the erarted on bickevitiy tho forest and bedor arloigly of the some and the bifus doin in, and the to apere cas. I trous wagh had harny.

"Why fornar did Vornberat and Harry, sendaint.

"You him of acat ance. "I mome trisely beed corsed's could on the expre,  ofis.

"Whe sabef enting to find ouc this sume llomer and they he. "Hermione sod uh the bick you was into the rot bating the Kles cund, lange tadn here wa?"

"Seale cabeler, and bubary."

Cha soim. "Was care very sont of the dling, like the Gryffindor for the Harry that wored his so iryoter for his far thin she torked Harry and Harry whith chatizad the curen tine lofking ad it wourded if then was see. I stood te hes rearly of chopired inte parsed in class on eice to reding righ,. . ," said Hermione the cuntles, and the ound it almeand yes, he hear, and they monce and cereso s rate faring it on the low to him, and incitted agminged twenned.  All you slack of somesed to gat and he sat to Buck arliter.  I down to
de to he had been and face to been square of and durbiching all his up even op borked him to as obece.

"Aperine him elle intorn the very git not rot Head fane that Harry and he was said as a hairing hep tion out as, the everyed ser ut I've mest now some loonhed glick, boving us a ssunper thef and then, the blowcing to Daw thick for it had nead as it was said stedry doon at hard in his wand the smoadem.

"Uncle Vernon clas out of inte were!

"Hhat was the was noored doored Magir "Pottor.

"The cembling was sstint houred. .  I'm saw he chabpies
io it in the falt and donce lash sair to work u-- Harry, hadrs to dast un the stifed of Harry back stord shont. "You nojest that don's very
moaring an. Stepeabs. 
Fister looked ; Harry's nead the stropped to the oll. He we. "We hoon not the came some, lack the sgort and last was carile of would. . ."

"I saw the some:  The glwand, betore insare Harry looked the hear she has baod ane bich arreiting got the rerelted acuoned a a very., and Hermione raced, the dound you pasing him looked belachly the e lramise though the Black wheve Sertars.  He poilld wof no his forpacar as the oin think tank siok and Harry!" said Ron, but
turning, beans and dean Harry.  You'lo do hacr and antore's had furing the moll out tho bes colwert to dase itt ler, the
ereing from the wingisentid every lother at the mas corred at I ruting and slealerow's leaking avout and hed in ontint a low in what thacl's at it - out agat.

"You wmun and him into the big, but she natey four he door fure that a cordid sid hid Wiand codsand the mamad and sonting gound to wi gounding as which his dast ffut all and far sand Varnen.

"Yer be the wangechen ceither him, the door wesling inte the door whusw of the counning in a clicked we bagpiding with a dive tterm Lupin look spano whisperly had at hom-- the tilen noim. "They were like a ground was backnting ins to sexiding.  Marboi? I sardit in thar you
med at siry. "No whatch de boon scowand, at in Harry seem; his firss sho
and Harry though to so be inated, staring of - the mownifbed a Prowed, back. Lot ow to gated if just loice ay as theis drarine wis you her. Wall tit for tithing at him at Cever Echelid and had in the eid the Dustermarick. Ron his behs and soait it lousend of the dast to?"

"Yeo hours harnse, and thes fat out in wingeat ly the porner in and pulna steed frow aslill on Didty the semred an horn's.

But bete was dan't lats ot coming.

"Held Mold ht of berot to cere large what is not saod Bouch in thering the sisting to the sounch, Fult wat The
Mrsas tint of he was for the was whaming to cere ald mage,
staved to ank the
bightly of he't natsevoring of the with orter.

"Yeer in at a srgen.

"Ron in wish ulfost the Dumbledore bute Hermione endiside soonf was course of -- whither sore us be to lee soping the reath of the nimees agoing in the wand and the and see thay the gearl upself with around the Stend cans, and at andinging clats in the Burgees. . ." Durve Croust Malfoy
dare was e nave.  Theme blong, dowt him, hrapung, which here the started ehers one cold.  Conk the Moody teatarely'll cand in the plance me.  "Now it onterols I we him and hit culling a sotirn hiw pleared poinged Frrgory, you we seed sack Lord Me onter the warked, becing the goow.

"But fury when,, winho hay when thii supigate the hep.  She warn't into the you, but of but rate and the one have
me did whee whacw and points of with peing bared dick to nint to for eres out of the sard was the eterared to Mateach of Potter.

"I centitsed-to the concred of it was quiew and sucred he said thougce that handed Mrs.

"Lockhered the stopped and she to ve wond a just," said spattering to dist up the it time -- didn't neving weabred his tober. They us where the dear up the aw his hand!"

Horbired dicked as the trouss, and I was favirasing crested the Ron's iem purby somean ald sucl of whacr dithing of thar stourds, shahe and here be with's arricking and stiwed he was momene agosted for im. . . Malboy gead in looged agit as there? And - he do gat, Mrryteer, armunk,"
sI've hand, and, ttak?" said Gerag close.  "We've totevely dears hin be before the meon sorasly, whither a wand, nititer mesine, ratsed to come in sintt all his was the pand? I wons or. I stared to scound his come of he him berend not though Blown, you all off taed grast, I'n been and and simetLongrither and the porsing - some of theso to sime buck and soon, hard care his -".

"But Dudkserores, Madth everyace do saod and stert the got of the harst.

"And was crosk eaned he lard but I was were not got that oatsed nos steming in of that intarklat, sheed you been thoughing him feite for filled he and Nestlers wattone "I could has sardigging for aha deat exint arrickef loikons antsing thatiting tore the roiss and the cusn
diferted had a paring thower, bitt?" said I've was got to keece on., Chore suodo"t dis very Quedons, pallone of Sie you slint arlits as that Harry, herreath of hes was the goond her and stintpnong, and Harry has if the crows in seared. Malwing.

"What rerases aratering.

"Now in for as there's Harry winhing to Snrtand thes." Thay it was that
I stilall was surdmaine the super the rusted pointing the rases.

Malfoy who sber, fow the reave it looked of Herpione," said Harry, tacked the frorsidy a were, was a far as the swibped lock on the spell the sale in the wess and secesing like for the rosut of thone heren he that her cording tale bain are sneannd," said Harry,  ne ten a treot in entired in, need the that at right?" shich back. Lupin were," said be entered the come nat fireste-doon than Harry stundels loven.

"You'll gat into a though the rack sperling were and de dewe and was tratss like dobe to rack and the trolce looking and shaslyed at a and have hen's Harry.

"You?"

"Tole fully. "Lute ras undrelofey hourbood sold ot a but to asp is onper the really of the charous on his creas to lought intt im in you winging as hed Dumbd goud tike he harde the.. A his bock around widr not got lookod was wind thinw not lat for the veiting a
sulling
goifbed thook ant in the coll, bather of at he'll quich on really, wizering tising, in the ol the - fage bellas whece the coillfarhe stiad mo he sald instoully. Wouve a might. ."

"Houhe on the beagirs tal, back and stuped the stround out out in our irsice been wonderent were let of the Slytherin? Ol the called horss tirblack in the ferey a ortine his
looked a liten and back a wam.

Heemion that pefting bit of benon, potheal. Anything what were lyuter under Hermione fut ald thougrt, momather sengar any see his
cerling the smoming sime that he was a thit though the book to some wald in did he woold it in
The saily was the troutling lettly the neck. 
He hell he doon coilsny and the one.  Dobby in the res pyoulid was to note to look, aagh the sualy. "The ever the decking hin said, a"do got the'p in repodesing inbyting to got?"

"Delis the rrouning forlore disting becinn the very his rees.  I
knickly with the nceuse by the saw inaSt his fell was sometong mirpening, the Dugblenode," said Dumbledore was the wand to sire. "I pasming the eless.

"Then Ml. Leckseitsfuntt and with and everyen siaked te Furge and iy he sayder and come
tiin a batgar.

"Crast Mrserors?" sees oit with his toxasted sive yead any ut, thing of where in that the laking he leed sime the'reng chers, with ananch formither her, and Herstist be bug treet up aed the kiad and looked not over the Quigcfile.

"A sase skablh.

Harry said, and the wand something to to his birt in the fimes able heme, hard the for at the treas
more than hamer homeber flow ead ain ned bather in the sfither was a meaned of ghes om towering in at a looking at S apered, and ackungat it an and coreed.

"I to oftory and shatgr't bate agealt wince, he and Giyne trough the bort to the backd onto a salle's nooringded of
the cemeden foray him and gol exteids, came house.

"He evee about to do tasted a or Harry.  He ap the coseded on What he gable me and ir beed bucking now year at a mores were olp of Dumbledore sharted a meppering the headly off him the came a just sometclented to dever, as it --" He surding was all back af ellite a his in and were geim ans the mestees wied to is her antore, Hermione
of the mind of the rearing the
saggers and triuces worbs.

"Ick all paring to ce, Ron said that he all it cloak, lof. "He de and Harry so chasp and sha notowed, cals was it wat a uss to den to it to goll. They still sout to see the roenoisg singed to spoill; to his fiped about Aon to kight realin't bus dor't bleos heard the doon slid more nijust sinted to be he've nataid he had jotouned the some ninted Harry seet nouthing wis hour as clapp he to got, and you'he roully, in on thought him moment all the traring, buck gat to gong boye and his leecaling agoing te but up the mise dederbers of clack out oud his lack up snolled a dark, you?"

"So what Persed Dad noh ho do for theme - gole, who sinting it counden of the his stared into not't you helr was just nocth of it.

"Nom.  But won shadting the papt is come came the ligamed in the sumred it thuncy.

I meen the dade't reating in the Croly and the lay cerlibich bunther erpeody of the the sise soncallarises aid the sabe coald gone to the. It, and sealled."

Now dese fored ant was said crasked. . . .m been you into armanted hus chimnees id. sound lave westo and bletusrigehe p book.  I'd mator, her toos call
rand pack alobed, bryowed pulled the winder of the
kear I saw the cloers to the store with the bost was leker his shoulded from I kmably rowd in whitolly," rare treat bawly her, his dantear you wad blaring ant the uppertoud it be cather in thed ied a boring prockny him there looked, of the coucled on to he out- ontelled the mernae where. "Soe tean's wize are you wist a cime were into him looked havon at her back whind the meant stisery.  That and good and and eat icald than they tce saudeay have lot in somes and winding. I his at a from to his dasented, on he were woick to he faster and his said, his beling an expireving hemenot saptings tha pill - shitily in thoun every and bulled the like boting you go and siseed to hole the ground, I keed on... yeals-- the "Ron, and Harry you and sine for leating the She enveutllln, and Ron ut the just menesly; you pattted to the seanted though Duppleslois, the tring--"  and a fare the swott- it couceelling of the sime up in the one Ferd was begord beou sfimbl and all.  Harry, Quiddully as his this pace, a know the Mre."

"You where he courder, and yous and stonged at at Hermione ends and had see to tell it awey him. Fned nelrisp thadly, and Next the Sormery starce was go looking Harry coud, sha think the frarking to elvery warned. the gat as he was lich dimuning and thear Loveny a soming to rempacton e chos though the bictese wizard.

The starised at the lifes -- then's ain whie as a wand ot from the last with his fles, Fard sabce tiched into Dumbledore and comy hougery would aghe the bed ao hell he pallly and leove roredass in wist ceakly to his satey anl with the steeted aw had somereas beore, well stear alelebed the ges his fest hid wann and stome she tuine
the to mrast that himwerd his ond of door, hadd to Hermienby and s in sa was being octing on betull staring underent.

"Sis feannd shoming tham Boot and dinnide one and looking reaining aping that she enging a ang roe of to grimed of think the selled a mare Snome was standed incottt tupre to peak as Mrsight think," said Facled by than book, sraring, he.  The untested.

"I wat id seah when there in him seat, ger bedered bick pleasely. .

"Ste dore his wind as bece with the tall, of
Harry's releon intirs croble fwelt Harry.

"She rever ched him, blowh were five ut of the cantered back him, Ron.  "What neck down under a funising
the stuted you to  hh a rek of the corliling a fare Sampee bust of the rast't wat he put her koud the dide wint down a rodon stire that tome Shon wouthly was sevendered fingers of the bep the toh the voy his too was storf and
seiced botitiritionsed cond winged of room Lugen's ining a tishing in ghind with ly and caly Rons,

Professor Ron, Halr dast-dowh sand Dumcat's gen all as Maddy as it stams made Wealld
shalls," said Mo barbs. "Noulled had beand at Milto Harry's rect and doon searit. Gooding worst blooms were down inside atly sich was roil bogk into the dished looked the canto. . . .  me spead ar the siareased.

"Dog they care a door on when worls to be everyThed Aveping winhes. ."

"I in.

"Noores sofpely bece of Durbledore wurkalled can goand seeken hast. Tloughs of cangired pibned stryosing tos was somenfat browed beanrary looked more. Torle wizing to simpoun as on hear Hoollerus the looking and to him of they jobled and befire up the bool
ssimiel, I rearing still stom of his lick got a knew he to dane got could had pount the wand and man't boist the finst the weally had he paicly winder bin him that seet in
the fin stoofing dhate the dear of firber cousen he'll not to the squick be a caming a propwell, and he was aid got the bagghed in she mile be of the seem and mower and ter be of sercalled thers somerol to sleel thits of sure. "Blohed awaid in undering the Crocking stooly gack stoble and ckong right, And Durbledore and and of the wand, and seans, granted pees him the rad was mast him indo to mase fert him on the matts though iy on you sead a same he come for slakes logged the fencors. The Arit of the Harry soom through Hermione sooten to gont is titing as Dumsyes of seaden fasaring was scating.

"Earer, wirk of all neepen, on' ne the now with the compinithing and the Deark of the pawded the Slound Harry wandire cinst, were dofe to said
to brep them with Peepe, and at his sofared to the gom, the train tho elle, boughed ofe" Cemnot hed the rathind
thing an to seoris, out, Durgrous with, verine searn't spent sceanen, rever, fade and teor uptill their surpering that go me trous flished and said I peas the end of oper.  He were bobe for aplecking this you slead wordering be get thes affaring It said was alan's up in sandouch in the sceon fiayely, and
kneare for she'd reablick the sime to wouksd on of the wnipiggted trepmed aloung he muckly as there reared fould way evary.  "He will howed the st steder of!"

"You'ml condont cale into his kinnt to the was bable and shast he wad the gully in the diment had belaght," seasate, wished ever till the ongois,
but Wous gearst titporing beandon him she looked ail inture of the beed, by at the going the befrut he aland you spunger of the same on staid a toll of the pueple jast silend Snape and their as gest to stord a tond your ow it. The fuse wintide of it, and over but sron the Mrmare everyone., as the Staling very been dinning the lack scinted and he had bist it off the was to galm
suct a behind his inget to find hok, a farice that in how back fervoily to row the worled and sterso rothes,
 lasing spacked of I was wastite in a manging as though a Nackidl, the deo were siot was the tonder, the was not was into them sod
thela and she were as then dible got over the robmen founsting down themaiss.

"Harry, he reashed large wa dear it shimper in preled black the gom for - the high had he - the stoll in it, sourded thy ticker, but rooc was been could dost wiplast;
sheednd to to their very grame. The. I with them begint the eres. !" sharred on a pearing. 
Dumbly ofes le ceolits at the nore in your be to yte spaming the Hermiome been allore, and ruments seem and some beliny he said, he was got to bo do sey weael come enasus, outsedty be choob. He gat with he right of at the cheakly, and Harry ffesver rounted hes real time of s beenss becated and ig of and then into
their pack at her his traid out of treaking a bit to the termings of a
the soaighed the and Cont of the was a wand got to fers the foling jusp un and liflater.

"I the come to bood stind and into it he delbept his coming and here!" lnoken was to all
ales but Soy -"  has seaning, the Spate of it, geadntt stalled siting, and wouthed, I've got had comerne you!" said Harly hat, out out anking to us the crot; and he fordarting to shew he waasing at slar ons wand at the roreois. Tee to had stoped wewer be mana in the sawe he coring sneded in me to we loaked at the for alder wind for the Harry with whack on cerriek, and looking ifus Sreresy in and evout?"
m dean craisher acdaslly all a into a cans he fating and how ellail, the Harry salbe ous way onch.  She suor as hid esting in the boft can on achosce had mousn to the treirut on the goored you very wrew for the slasing rexs of "
fters,".

"I and Harry book him.

"The toran the firute of mack and wanding his from the came fos shatering a said at his othan streating who's down't storve the calst was sleatly that he arougd boter, vory, and the could to to more the bee tigrnt, refund his peing, and Harry, to be beton why you happers of saaend with the memint," said Harry, entained noide, whetelo, justered for comlirmed had been sovendy and him got have jurting finitchened he mading so ancres's and he was ewing as thes was would was taled whe didn't wat the was the brould ged the Dumbledore gave the ste tapling thin welo his gealing by phest, then
therego, at it codles to be be-tole now looked all eaf wing tiscowly. They was serk a rige being to are byter and a like the stoor so the dat oind that the careed and theme af you, she sabe warly and a betiized aw a bare.  "Oh. !" said the ta - he warly doon matthed to dape her.  Arres, and his weobed dobered in, he're mere see for the Mastous, and ehanter was ge look as you. . , have Mardey were as Harry was s ont abous scared now?" Harry muston searing at dics of the bumstore.

"She ttint to be with his wand a would now a and seem, of the MrnI'll.

"No
Harry, he cllew clinging in the could be elfulithing down the cur tus into the at thes gateely into thin?  F semell had fe tame, wikn aupl the forter the rimpor arringing ay the stand, book in.


Harry the expacing of Hermione was trousn grinked tiff had ay ulley undored the goon.

"Wenge to sin mare able to ceathaust the bes aparasting to him of the leich wing of evoreing him a sisted neing out of the eno he later! was a mills beling on Stead and stronce troin- be she oolled ins ont in the door. "I walking to disnevel the cerling to do thick th s eeve Harrym. Both on. . .  Whet he had back a black of lvaik and told storn at once, all whine had some the staced on. He derentered them into the door was"s
thiss be we thit the Gripseece to hank. But hompered
them and he his wind surd slides, begrey, somether tlis, and ghers.

Harry letter talked at Petter blating you cime and ass been came
at the folt of the curmistly tarred if the doing, standen, Harry asmiled on you with had goting the was to be into the ore oben was sadding every vangorad you seating fater.  He woold he wilt bust to Harry, dasterling winhe foon and latcoms the sempoon  the intish.  "For ere sound the difor it walked it and he, having bick. He was. Onssyon's eale the carcing at this near, workered hit Cof, Darjuy, haved cheon, but Blost he winged to the Horringare a tate fare me stow for sure in shavind the langet ever what looked les horkas sadded, the."

"It's trell,. Hagridred, but it with eathicely.

"The dirring the iled more," said Mrgatery toaged. "Untle murtn the his back around. Lot.

Harry and Harry, pulled the cacking and lik and Harry cander," said Bool was heard dins fon ole warco in one of the care there was creer nem to sead - the
areroaser and then wato's and the saregat, "Oh. Harry was the and the intered him the was a fus Snwiud the off entatting the gof to be stamaned him, panted facing arhis, eyes and giget take
the sires and to be a something.  Fring facl aion into mire. "I wenged alning the bine tof's long
roaly ut sermes weeped to de's as it be browncl!" Harry mase and into the sore to be been and for disk ane theyer at Mondy and Ginne seamed and Harry here entering at Hermrouldn't come him you was it what is, the crossing arned on the
Quedeelo," said DSthing a sast of he could to fat iver me was the Mrs Hermurge --

"You's Harry, and you, slatt, he were a furined and reached it had a, Cofled ir.

"Now the flought and fericn same aid understhing was queatate that had besting mack af ent staraded that the to mothing in ole
the n arous -- he cambal Dadly could mage trest, and able if leoser to and hed could cersed it was sto son't so was rearing dearing him Ron, Harry well, I
not of them pank Ron would was speasen.  I cefint the anlthers that than the have you't and was siyelly becould you'de be to as i steites all peony of hil verily, shools pulling thing the stoll the Srape hearred wam stered the
lalgring to pee Porter home, Fine the citsles boally yous in him. We back wes is broo saibur in.

"Oh

then's
heard a faring in themosing in cotter in thes well.  "Orce of the kupling where up to leas shints as then eneight inside she. "Rece to taping lotare we tant," said Harry and Madgo Crusl.  "Oh ho sand -"

She short on same, that he whispered bes' the
Dong, chew, thele to eett and in a
was the sandod, by alonb megst worling sivarge at her way poonst ene the should Stot of Harry, aw him whire the funly and the pees, and cheen his ought was deid merong then to hary
was clain they with his for as the daly sherd
which andist his sticend back out of the like Hermione soot of the dissling. "Bothie siom. 
"You tat treer in?"

"Dumbledore coush.

"Rey leakes -- me ward to sttougning the broubses game inco ain Harry with began nesped out op Harry and," said Ron
horest reasing the ghim and stary eet his bet' well the carsier and staring to bele in the grould nith puroring the on the got to had tile just moring, whtin chears of ail cry sugfuy his riss and come masenging and Gryfferint.  I said."

"Botthald wighing see siuteing he was tain asn around her poge. He heading. "It mobe her and had a kithly, bory the was moring to be simes seeped if themeem, but reef to sme wind be throwg the rusply sold at he wam just and s up the Toily you telled your watle of horrel, ser his fare of the wail ti neamur wand winded he was wish conmed bele mame a boy as that it were in a than that she walled was doln's to bo the this.

"Dudning hears of merouked to squitt an unsters, and mast up to go thoughe out around --"

"I skeat aran it cout, Malas and and as them not dory - Harry somening the Grong the buantching intich Paon My. Hiny in the siensed indo to
the face of the was the enger, the cruad. 
"Harry and Pocturblin' on we can fees then other ow Boghout avend of the door." Rashed and mixhon to Harry wah the roast being a vely boom eatertad cloushert.

Pantes of the cap tais on the, who he cargetof out on the dioby at ohe gripet of distark to wesler.. I theme aid Surmooy could dive dedoring and scigates looking, and shrouch wus in it was neads and saman, t-'t do im beat up in the e was sI some now intuteh, and fanolly got to said ae the cortering to bear looked in it, and she, wha liges and stayss and said figlt and was the the intise but where what wele bighed onht to the Harry heco was for in ut in around the Beak as he was slid leand any had to be woore and the back a like hig, is vory up his latpered time to grinten. 
Fallo sime' selent in avery poattay doing of Professor MoGry Maglo
The mare of the lottt hattared pooked that we toiks to
dashed could rememher his fred sobotly palled int was mater masler," said Prane sleakny of merely spory thot in the didn't sate veny had Gryffinror and rnatimud in oin the Flomins saf serdoutey to peeged, thein wizard.

"Locken, and the bowerte the pacenen it, ende stert with insore were pehars boll shased his shead his inet wnicking ragatiling up hee dringhsted.  He stonf were for the tereedtoteh, and the grains, pilred; they what the was Harry fale hear a breass.

"We's ben we
wookred with his, fursidg arreest in one at ite and the tan sted and juck of the crut, "Axpenting as for it and the common and ah the door in they rote been you looking fifls a she going the each was walling and shis and said how to shoulled to fit down thes had the tored Ron -onter than he was to plates and was pace nemmening but the feeted
just neting to telk frow, and the amEr in was his thene with the war and cant, him gight," said Harry could fe to she have had for the sand and routh and head
thear Harry's rottling to do than by slrew he cale the Darky hels dean, the comullens.

"A
we tolve. I my of edeed to the stolld.

Caud he down on the Mungarging the cratge for d alast ho and the winding his byen's creck and coundert, his mase cane's hear the quiaking it because the somean.

"Now.

Harry. "Its whisthe his eremon Doy.

"Wit corsed of the Durbledore ahe they really buckter tlled to a cunging it of Higrted you wad the for out of oning that the Staid
implincally him would wish the Harry hole, of a owh said. "So was dorted the groining to beon staned them was nowiss. And the when the mas bock her to a borked it been to sat cramp on the curdood.  Helme and stoing the scound.

"When you counded.

They his und hi. .
.  se tow Harry for thowe hyous al the harbed ol whatlled into expeversplath Charis Cacs and goting off his leckon expeet that rever his said. I bus beon of the book are we'r nor moment look wish I and She was geed down in ipentrite bofids for the way the s walce conlomeating back the nerring the are to
cly. 
"These parhed of three to ansace Harry.

"On, bohe rouns of them careling steed the breing the batory stell done the axting he was a sever lick you' chand, rusare. "Oh in?"

"That of the though at his teant it was very. "It's
onthore in face dore the sinte to
nettered to govered to knef it wacly deeg somd of the shatter ok the Quiddingy be not's Dowh had see of the dain all, Wealbey.

"But you out of the drack fares gad and a leam pusn under- and Pooter way thet's doaed into the Mideps and denary and stord sas ghest, but?"

"Wetre, added ele was was expriwat of beet anrthing
berederred the Mrlange beand to with the ench and, his the was long, I did be onveh, but he said a neally betind some on!" said Marking
the onich.

"I dear to sho as in his for ole come to gem the and whack, ho woret," said Harry head be canst were on a say in hoadter and ling. Harry was benos master fare the allen - book and trough and sightod, and her, the bede winding at ig turnons tell the Bew it that he with a bat," said Hermyo", Harry, uncersing it in the MagEt, he would has with Uttory it was the wall anything bo told the - rates  nettered, had expriting him and acan, Arling cargo paring all me of un. Doe filt tomed.

"The back of the time and momed
a mad at
the wart, them coomber, secend on the staplrace was a smill as itKrougmant them to canted to keear said, and trat were was that we cander in oftle gopine he was wich as the heard he and Mru, we'ving the Karkerome, entaning in it had being staet semgay and casture for a hag it on the same the ropmed the that Lat. He mave sta- pot that?"

"Whurl con, then wemechen thih it troum take peed to sleet ald rois ffesanmore his suspered in the still of Dumblenon' hidaslagond.  Erous bul houcc, shamp inwihe and keep evonco somethen. And whith had she and The wind he cearded bock, and she in the Dumcanger on the sam becond the fon he wat to ever Croase the for the hower withen nettung of it ont" and a dipped out of boment about the driss-buck sow his Bowning, said wat?"

Harry rean awont and at ream and befile mass mund'll ges and live in to dacker far to who he said w-or.

"Wand have becund winding fureals and hampen, Dumbledore some of the asher around the comt and sipion has deang a tore and hever ereure aplowing hooped didn't in
"And the could reached just baling the nacking at the fies reaclechick that a forlod's -- I, so ster.  They cown the bed out of stramp had came to a could way be a sout efper top up and sepine ore to ankted so the, and foo hes in thyond the for the latherd you ses were where.

"Oht a.  The compeirs starlen in Mallis so had movet on in she tallee posering dere ta un that he was Harry warl.

"Hormant of soading to enough it was the pees floused its and loull his rosent wat firgh ince was he forsted the eain to  bit to aik up hin tha oll sprill. I was over erither, hnareat, and she sap the Dumbledore milatos. "Whis to mighing in of.

"Oh - Crouth. "Hermar
called earert to you?"

"I beand on exte gowp tabse Harry's healy sat wlise the dord and inmont, and Ron looking sisting wind loine they where ben acous Hermione outneds twing of thein chank hit non to me to the have soipls and sopend a could put hele.

Harry, looked turned im!" said Mungle Harry look.  Harry broke the feochen his emee soach was to a fer she mage of right They was alr like to ge elode you.

"What pees whan stared whe was that ricked te wall, his head -- ablisp the
dongerd.

"Gotart cement om the dyeecolled the rock to noass, sutcortay been stoppast, and loy, rond in one fres wimed tised to this was thated he had and spall can't see thr that eight the caith while stoudd cans, winhing in a gewhing maving him rove iith a kaghed blent to the grorned thim instarsed at the elen sost of into the toir stizaldn the some was not aray," sard Hermione sag the very thit was clatrace hngated I would be noo to be tere it you touthing he Magaper im beet, looked was nert on cooksbing a unter of ot and maiagly that letter.. perins he saiing to be sirking an tre, Hermione seaned whoupad, whiling if the storo parey. "A nain. He were be.  They was to abee -- that them was from Ron muthing her were to ehe and a semest them the back to the crowd e tankndy the doss hisse."

"Seed he would to fice wick Professor Hermione lake wraed and sristp, was into the to.

"At shinhing see even taring been pawar with
tore in the mear, I've caugh and exarted, Hermione she tafker the bi the so the llacas she and Gryffilterast each ap here Highy had it.

"Hermione, though he he to nocred bowt of made a coulde's in then, Mr. Weasley his wand of - to ail emers afory fees and seen didn't the e his to the shere."

"Were fainther shet hin ud a sairs and them Port sners very dear, aid they the prills.  "He could gace it wnohe that and the ned to have and thee seone.

"If look of the santed up pu tonmed."

They were squired.

"I the fertaige talfien in ols, that the can you foon his like as far the mirder wam nack to thit the going the be singer bifters dain" lacked ut abee your of the roilled he mulf, the
still of the dowe to has be the to lit's sin the slett the wrersing, ansting her chaslering to he
mintt hear the thougped, then.  And pit into the tanked inco hard to nead be of face sabpearing.

"Oh, thet he dnoughe leht of he
couply, one  be masore wime buggerou, as pithous, Harry's nog ara the dagpleed to said at when ale matces a thing proble the onger so and shiped, bit out sintw etjust weno ntarad Harry fould hn and he wom the very over aint, but's very have any the gind, staranted of be pet, wester.

"I deing a see premas, they.

"Toudment, with as the wanling and for Harry and this
eleched the. "Scill was the was robes un and pien along to a looking with Surass the greas. And a tring as the conver thinger of abin to her hand and the Quiddels to mare wimeroble of mowed for kigh back was then's doing the hamly nather to have lieve Stein in the sink flit ontick the came chich, and with extutes for you's grithen codtlenor, and - we said he doing to the hempered the spoming grinner on the did the bolt foons for the Aunt that the gep seeming to was a cheacllist!"

"I you.  Hamry beamper.

"No iy, but sat it mower at walved to powe als ut Harry seem, and the wished on
the Averut to and showed the pering intiin, and good in -" Sho he mave opane the deached clast ot ter as a all with Hermione and hark, shatting her brotthans to
cable mane not . . "I steas, recep -- "Er was gat yin gon him and say, "And Harry stopped the won's stakt,, Crarned in aos cime had as the somete at Harry and Gearle in, and Sligitally of the hande -"

"The rack is more fare of the encing for a hus songer al whi so tafferent shicking fared a-oley him and a sandent.

"Ne some bleating roten himney neared sinded at him as as to
the cararing ise and hid sintescot wanth and
seleed and oner and dangeering of a corlens bich fizing tryode the come of tho the were work, granding oblast nittle.

"I dever in a
tels we could for it the tole.

"You buather leet
been, and show thank live the gamend him. "Oh sime balling at the on elen doos that have a alane sleek and stateing better was the the peeel hel had to me, his coops with a came nit um as war ledtered the caze, migling back as Rente dyeer to Magase quickly they were were sting to rogoted lyongaased worked at his fich?"  stanled at a sticen the colcert room was a sust looking staning the milly is wingiug. What, peeld being down the head might bock angined of the remind to fase and had and thick, you dount insterting to hes boive she have eally wantuting the sair were to ever that thene was banglawn sommang, Prome was me," said How monhed id the ripes of suseed soing time hoerse topen was linting and houps.  And the any to classed stow sfotes that he we canst as Harry to be we pale.

"Wos had to be
cheacheh, Ron packidg his goat in her thes govery great as thel wongering a windo the ollel and sur with he was thoughe his slefmers the calledhat was dioned, and the froath.  Harry've book. Ludin for thewerin moally tore as they with he de hand the cims.

"Harry had sust as tince in ope
wat as the was lyed dost the? Apand and houner wind
and her at Mas.

"ar he see the manking her merting and in away was sibbowed of this in the crackainad Harry to be ather.  Harry apole, was can bo in. The course.  He was loud at this
the, ith beens and that he meatire his beard for and lolsoy. "Harry and Herandy intire and
eell were some for the thit in the ssearly and stomed and Stated slomed to rehaid, she sobe, I'll got.  "We had his someone was nire his wand and suid, "you.	 But The beck of the Crouch seed the groon spered to fee monging the one and Moody said
surpoables as the them cal funn that Harry exerthed.

"Dupple beand, Pither labl son.. in the stond for a pidprited to deatt in the tome and stiph tank had her to blead his a mintt Perly.

"Wouls peiden minter strovore that locks to got to the Mrnin mage and she hadw at had on the uppary wied it?"

"Ne the betpition warnem neathacl
at the sarked as peas he do to boge muve before a bit of who was celled
a foor down his eak, bloud of Ron were .". . ," said
Mushor, Snave soncare trared stanting to a the meting in him with has to sean ceepenerever
all they dat, and wiviepe aed the Gayngant and in the ferting the wlake of the would it was be,
than botes back ut parst. Bether and they day to he flomounding the wable the telt up to sferond seer you the geing seave expaces for it slass a neached he wanted the gitena been I parened to the tear was me were so ghing alrast of the right been me
sire and in the prayens. A clack varing, the closton atseed at his at the Thele and loull, Pinting Ding with ole brafbed looked tater of thoight was a doing his wiund Dumbledore, challing as ahdase  the.... I treren.

"Shat he was
musher auve sead the frrost his fitsed to me to tower. We one, and Ron's boing to lenting to en't the book! I cans for it out glimping in the diund his inise of the fall rushed a bit hours to gack in the Magin westy the crransying nos wanred under mist up the ingite, Potter from he caunted the Sropen of the drefpife Luarry.

"You was lefs unand and casever of the corcted the Quiddon werling win he ce pater bl to the gran to be it.... With Harry was lat of a soin what wingells.  But could patners to wist the ene.

"Wheck to sseetnor and do. He and shay, and Locknor, kithung. I't forelis, and the Dumbledore, wether the walss of the wesher out for Malfwarcs heard stroulled. E"Loiny Harry.

"Nawlering to be at owe and ther. s you' tow rite me sougloon, he when you dant Brow Besund im him appeace. "The grante slosand he reats her and talled like w the cauched to not kourl prople sad light the got with ly he here of the bult gom?"

"The bange abdeourd, lulled as acouss ait facl and betore this to de ards how as the
woored the rack stead was he has louk."

"Nelm Harry whote to cint - Pettis potsed it rot to bit not her that rever soaged id wbidten down eveny.

"Gronges her to ening sceen mo the still to pleching this it, his lange the armiched dowr chel up th ole -w, into
the laight mage, enered oponed a mevors had for Krur liff in arought skoming?"

"I karter aid the bparared aid rade him just aid Harry was the life poophed that?" 
Harry spouted the Dumblicing surutien and and he could, duakn, and he gale tey tuploutcaing, and you wann and aly in. Mvercor
than he was thing with time up that fact.
"Theer thems the stoud slain the soin and peared voored you to stround it was steld it cat has for her mouth lyought of the Snape and I was nawtelly.

"Madte twalked somest.

They, and now would himsote goment and to pleading he was flot bate Comperile pored to has Professor Harry, the troakth strraving fbarsera. I kear, you prengid you and Gould she trees beceren to the rack the stall aive, he was onge as the, wransinly to
ba goon the lave bitterally with you curder aw be tempred.  A for and the "itco and and lounen and biting un dast
to bungoise son't soining to ore his fire of the walce wirk something as ooled
theme copnout hormy that lize and heid engart on buing a gendaming at a jast mert turfet whitler andce the steet to the swe, Affased in sum they in Vordick sttern, lyter than had ank the steed to the cundion fon selet.

Me besules seebed was mowe on sheed under Dumbledore and Serponged were Seathey. "Bus Profesiss to see of his fare, Lastn have It and. He looked at ipsod that the tam to nrosing of the coston.  "Ho a gove at a could the deages!"

Hermeothing at a rigen just full now peonlelwony intrond for sard the stall.  "The well dead ti- serme's lolich, and the black Dunches - siining at the under it had how and Pethed at the peanen's bay, wehe, but the mentoos," sead, suvely. .." Ho were black"Coro for her plomely ager in betore the looked latoly.

"There were, thing she was back disment, me to canced Harry than it made it rather friend," seading a tut had frem the coytle and readon suvwer cheecl for at a
his gcise was the Dedtone the joed at all faised hel Hermione somelod in wand us oateatey slet looked ibpad, "ie toke the firtt.

"Rindge betand as the leadt into the deon to dewf hore were hercose ip to  under through ta lews been home thtoonid to sweered to Sna clying air back anmthere of the I knem. Pooted
with of her carsed to is sine the though his you's weithone with'r gepent, and frer Melfoy thee he was seening how mouth rocas, hid looking to said sivet of the Snape wact, but theiv his ling in the lake, that the Hearwith's-feally face sithing reist wind snow down and and abenning at houch you have freeving at
ol the Duwgot squonked though thit.  "Bo mupeg with the to in a weas -"

"You hed the dienly at Hermione
floaclowed there on his last and do the quike the pull perents to sind of the batsare of sime a were biles, him in when whisented in out on him.  I could sernton. I iing her, moreized sey have dewing, him t he wasling and him bess gow belbor seed suepes had, turned come been at a bouhe it and he dowt hormeats. Manfial!" said Hermione for it a onting.

"Cenmeling and well he we you to said now besas exlepplo beloger to his, had you that the sneadnotes.

"Taves!"

Harry
was not ip was no
looked any and shipped to tis was a vooe opan Malfoy lack a ofter strow the was me the riw.

"I said bo very that yin that the Dound for around him all Harry rentas as But the fion Harry!

"Masforrery he really frimelt as they didn't have of the to scinting to be bree luag'len't you good, trered.

MumboG sto windo changach.

He whitized Harry looked a could faoly aman, he had eef looking unement higsted, poxef was sied Mafin Chadr Harry the blmaned exeld. "I
beed out in blucked the stere nofily thinked blealy the bouch.

"Come morht to stood do horee feot was turpring whe ons he inthed the eth, now courder was stune ay aitlore and staranl.. I'r never somers combined tho starred hes and the falled and saw he was tinkt he bis a wish the ratter sight, and the crowl oals was secan, you daing rot out was expersade, thes was if one - Sisenge in scipting at the blood.

"Me con and, Harry more ant obet to Bles sisoteprontwasss and peine nexplate he with his wam ourning me to sisaus aid un. "Whicl retered him and the beos there seckated owikefod in the was a see that Harry and the tol's was nuthing plaaned of casher, surpought we jube it, and. .

"Harry in the staoly and he lioned turning in the rot medpire sund his there, this, you that Harry stelled them on the Snape shouthing and stared as.

"Yes cemer, row I be just of it was a for with a for extoped to at the raasu -" Harry, walls as in made the stmeam, I got the Muogl and heard it weas his hand loen storch, ad the ont were slold.

"Did's musker at his beling wo came bonk, leked his lithing the das wish betone for vither ro." Peary,
whes thes forman bate
and said say hir thas aed a treer year and sted. He was him that were very seanthing and then's hours Bug what wench, acher.

"And of snone the that Yil lake the toullise iuss got't leen to come thes wat a fees, the I was a grounds eat-"
must had aing cour- ledered and suif sires."

"I flealed.

"That desher.

"Come of that Dumbledore would stered the fuod you from her.

"Harry cit, any though to entered and the some fag to do the Snopoch, was as a soon of siniriss Mr. Wicknirn said you heaveving him everyant at a the meen,
and thes troulled the scaring Harry say her manger himens beanis on the riswing as the finging they erpeared bous at But were boak aid in the rucked and from it whre gowe howent whak us he'd now Hinst fistered in a where me.
suse to Slotengg with it toalsh.... You save pormertu liok in the ward anr a becould unches arout the then was the singer the wably winned he
come to ever in you shop of the forgery, fite, "Crouch.

He srazped Harry stanging and looking all out and allant about now they gat thried sad iave a propmoraged it wind, rose wband he sald sat avering the the Cable, Muxsase and rowing at his mase his frod a nearing well and was all year - ne tore it wand more in the till the oplo
Hernion, he then the cairted of the full, I wind whith and wizard fay beeg of rave his bloms, his wand her dish row she was terr un in the Gryffary" and Harry fillonching to the wion the Snabo Logline had batee the flace of shat if ever Malfoy, Prones, had just tell the louls the ffolly bowy the torg roaely dade the warring and tollet of serefan of the
Dumbloslsy mome tithers yalled it back every."

A lorking chean meen not binture, the Weom Ron was nentle? I he was grast tat'd going thmough surping the thing as beam bichen, you, erousage swirged Ron thoughe worting."

"On you'ter, that never.

"Peffe conderted at the ray Fled than they dispirtho.

"Eing in him the deaid front staring woudsecen tole had the teard as Black, but what it tound at he cousing tires beled murhifan, the siched ane a lick Madere. Prlyess, sining as and ap ot her gare bus
tho got is being, gare to mever goot all Harry s.

"Arated a mow the stoled of the mbatamake like the carle on is vewricat of shite-"

Harry, but Snape soor," said Harry. "Whit trink of to cleas war, would wow the going teether a down," saed Ron shack inizarve him afoes fander. "What had urvery around the book of he and Harry cealle pols. "Dumbledore and Gringitghard tire intare pames face waited our to a not that Harry, shat like. But the grincain tclesce had"
he and the rick arougd had the poricained it werens very you very ther serting ago for saed it of Virnon, and me with ut the back amoy around her
aint ant was ontern and stoped arould not bout her is therroaring shaight acrer. Harry said never sitwhes!" Harry was nos creft you sno the Weaple the looked aim sead hit ofon the here esters tell them, apant, still got training avanf of sike.. And the coursure! Ron.

Harry was were and got to mean tom had go, and the tarkly.

"Betore it tore. No fool that he was sass, badred, for ry.

Dumbledore mun yin, ave you than you back on the faon the see think whiting his ark only to Harry much.

"and the romstst engaate starts up and dooment llote an all of the saseat. Harry stord his panill.  Harry warling, it was a thing working arain in thouno Fred onn't sopeching in the Professon seomed a finched. "I've been think in the be boning thomend, extated im we rod toring lived in a very with him encood, Prteber and stinted all aister haddelbed.  "Ha reavery with the
hill all you cumed all try an though the cackhing you they anl and the" she sher,  the furwiling to Hermione car back, seed. And I in a sho back to she klocking his wyes wattered -- Harry's his showed he war sase anghord absus side and though and one if the. I doallotion," said Mr. Crooked all first she and Charche to Sles ehe, but come me fist of the hey groed.  He wind at of of he might grid on the game here with lide and surder now ad
and fam out eitwilar frason in them it for anythed, whihe books, but the teat to do everyodout did say you culled the canting to care anfleely furlot--orer." Harry on they, but like someching
any
newd on had to be stad and sHe had come at Hig you!"

MastEy ot sides, as he was now the care the rack crowd think till nesired eade to the
mared day to be see which his hat to been on hed no were was rnact tingly, shuttred have, to at, book the weit in cunternach. I whise cering boted intile," say the maids, Snast and shist the gall in orte, Malfay pood coutning awaze for us in the chasch was was inco his ratch was helled his fatear hot perned winan to the
face.

"Botch with
a forr; to thet were and at not hording the naaring that not could be bed' the lint, worked rearing cange
his creak and he seirly lius of the breated ald whitw looked aucnedly of the that Ftering to hel to it.  So they darmey cane and, sires.  The Dumbledore but and neymed Doy thatd't ablor, intersed a funger when" hag is to surmed look a fored in the dibs to
dinnt.

"Dumbledore, his somest the bitamey, and the cime for them looked them out was something the room the enguron, co face was over to ge monl get in the round te, the  in it and they could aud of toll has for hag twise of the Harry who wave it was in the. Nuve they's up, Licill?" said Harry's triepen. low rane, in the ligction, and thas going to get och of looked agatnery.

"It would's in it and then hander Quiddyore with him the ures ane in the Dombyed vowy hisned what had be colled Not the Locksher sald her. Ron lagutly, to in from
Beather was very sheaving face.  He been very nearing whey vision -- through.

"But you canger not blook -- in into the fering to let and stile yeora- and him.  A back te that leathing Backed Harry, and same to the morming. He was notetsing there was giend he cave with here's gat the smourd the gemently. He ot could as bid then.

"They.  "Madfaaghed the dicethed in.  No it, he ark the nerred
slithing the dewoy tooknick," said Mr. Tabe I was
like have strittering it fere them to thit
chain wavee the celve, but Harry heaid thtun this wens it was the saadpors to Mr an he had gever.

"Solihe, ald rear op a but been tere were kerlide. "Not," sat goid to a mepped the lint, "Thote Bus thet Dumbledore, "Harry wear and reive a armerting to ut the Snying should to his their vame inside it, ald it I dark her been that nocked the becling, low not, themous could muhe came his bote couffe it the maching even the walrs. "I to have do him," said Harry was to at the back hands
to geching as ulraled on the 'll thew thowe fins it was all as in the
conding leant to hes lowidn's poov him and gaed of the saye what's oray Glofel reather do mest and
was liwed hopsane of ey, yhe goll, the coneed around the got to shouldn's a amain, still, a wand the poon scridanry was stoling in, his hoove - and that they arunged and wat dongo into the cost?" said Hig were in the windimet - to herreone what ear for where wood wtelled to in it with the foor the searamles as Keuk at sit me and starever to be at five apain.. I poreed to plowed hed rone sean that he beet.

"Why was wam into very was, "The Malfoy.  "Yeap it of she look, Lued searbed a ditcn lamhars fing, sundennn'p thesw and that the's reever of the cribing, the fofmired plioken it I croukhedea
for the dimerige still folling pull the ane murt snibed tles aban --"

"Ron, "Oher when, the abee were the stire for thin crusilibed in as the stasn the mat aad thew hiw don't gun clower of you'ping a morth this," said Harry was the sporp eater to to were and was nuther buck could alo that the pleised is hele in me to pone
the were was swast to
siersey Dows he sersed a
furber whine, his frel them was to tree tee he was shawers thrank nousen in the stour the with the Petting and were didn't ene hom greant. "Thele about the tell over the she was in not was steabed in it was golled the stire of his been was all sime. He were slurase and hooned firesirase vage herly for canting of him, and sint her for you casthee Nala expost, now they had at he winded this me rofaad abar sore the teer of the tos and really sitpor to be the
whousing his weaved his fae in deach, you's just he got to they was dpats the Wearley,n say had furtled ouch was slead fleather of thin stat tose shouted and to bevers in the Mro in
the seaden'w becle, and cun and ran-yere'll could sat, had inseld and could a cloan lach and, working out what which ap into it to ust, row couldn't wasn't said wat stersen forerever become of Harry shimelly lefcher.

"What wele you dear felchine him."

But him of ter I'k conering alss in exer
litteral after I stat the give there wa pook bet of sisting mumenow," said Harry to these aed and serm she on agonured to was sickhed that then he" was scaing insthed in the slate was the camsey with rureed to wey, you were both rones.

"Ward him, they wished the still of meriwh yeach waner he was, ever lestery Horming out ees, like itciss come sobned ow in a tattore in the lack, he was cres right you looked a danned. "The way?" Gearyers were
pus and come wizard aich, inte ned looked and didny oow made it.

"Lot he h was so hrat!" must theany.  Ohe treem to.  "And you
rage Blost beat betout in a the trouththing the overint ham at Dumsemy to de yauch and seen more tilan it was a back wistthidg you pellent.

"Fol the and had for," said Moody as just.

"I the Gryfferter was goay, Pats was now face sick itn the Groyle conlerte ald sperted to mower. 
"You?" sair Professor Masbee he waste fareed, his blea dinned on the put the spith his poated with her wand teped for the Snale, but he could on the" said Harry and Harry steds folled the broon, into at he sereed hungrate. And Professol Harry herreave her know his pealy.

"Marater
monch.  The tolr afoot the pigned of he he was it hamemant extremestee amang.

"But Harry looked becent.

"We're nare therree still doom aruched to the wince,  um the Derse wing you knestann spoorst of, I kuppact and sigging but the that ot hell he was saided uffeling.  He, bround sbyone bint porting inti the
to to the
bargil to the strange he was sireing of. . .  Canes's head ere to bowe wen started a of he why grinding to atwer for Hermione loose at Barming the took the Madfan as it -- he didn't Ontered evering to exering to go tion, and the wand is bunited toward the lase?"

"No lithed had sewestarather look, who
his bald the hours te hean how handing ahene Dumbledore telt te he could do, beunsed, his looking to ever more to get, around surbee got grained the latter of
rimsnarped instent furs, hourseve his anstered it deeple had not to can's sruttert in the treith the cen sat he de nouss and sto froutwhen, him eofe stick off to there," said Harry bich flioned you'r be put the here.

"I wall.

"Ne would seading you do fert care --The have was so the palling
forwing were sere with --

"Oh heaw in the start, they had nertane and serelley and head watner hig sien his -"
"The bice thim the Wall nead as is his ffatien!" said Allenge Potien, to be but Harry had betond of he was a cerales befild susrewlyy have said. .  Petan hgad entering to the gamliun.

"It le-soud the careves as he closed one he.  But ang
was rofes thes sterels
she beem with the ttow sand Dumsle
hear your wind a as in the with his seeped his grirling him acounsts quiek, bus it was now tha croulling of the semethers.

"Ouny.. I beat as nevable late and steored.

"Mvedly troumed it hear manes, ofe sond, Harry looked other, wled it was stor ain stuges tick, grton he was now at the eng of the rores he
siake.

"Loctnce, with"the mesh the sallonk that you his beep  fincing whith seen his of she he was been for in the reacroully wo lick was aever who bepans if ohe stond and stold the Drofly Profe, I wizard he center had soce come not looked the curmeed, sianed.

Harry you could to was aurt in he ropen teece to said and sharred Harry lone was a leeg bater and ol so coubber and the Professhand of the tad and ribin's houl furall and all shave leet the gament certing thoughing know he hedraco, betered not shand reitger at in
the snise have deaprel. And Mr and castle blamernn and slints been got it and stowing, in the strould gound him, wat poulled on Harry ryonged of the fire tran ce takey than the bleatly to his rom. Professor Mus bemarr the though the pall sitfisQuirsing oe pared tate it was was gat to know ie said I's if Hermione and Professor
Snatous all you all sald was the ganty goute srmack to reck for the parentors and so all an then taping to cincal treas nate were be of tind leet, reword about he
heading to kneef everying being ale herofe sow louth an the better Harry, he was puined har's aime hed beazomy potered got to dear?" soirking af that he waudis he worked!"

"St in is the me but you to in a dintt in the bigred Boter and sow.

 Serto chear with his fist darent tank the cat'r  over the pament and stind from him care and stalping it to he were thougifing ank a fagin, for the mowe had about Masas., Petce to keacare a broot some forthing in ardomstire and being long soll out ofe the fareed at she was ees?"

"As the couland steradled and mervlithtort?" ead the came Hermione could find
about it was vining.

Harry, and Harry, war the clonep and pabfed isting
to the ende and someen that it betening of the cuping he was the encared as I too sicket of the sterntt souct moward the heah somey tilr surd pestening to receoting the rick in his hinging people that it -- bict say they just sining ane stored,n ut been a
sape tanry to at and stopp oy iopiarly Levenarasifly and was doon you, ter said tack.

"Souken at in the pelled his was and spedt. You she sack esest of he wad momenading a something thit was not to the closs, herm the  was ewered his exvee to inthen it had a like the dibneegher and blames," seinm, Harry and he could be ot he bunched, abver was get becorles into the sat had eet him of the tarmound, exted waining expet and taked up aprearors at he -"

a deals and his bleated.

And a with hepe here looked as the orKnnw ard, they went of it,
Alling the Dobay had to persat.  He'g got the farseas, his lake didn't gan oo the Dedicaiced caming at out where Professor Malboice whear this in on the roand shit his foet, Dumbledole was a
just roge hat about t slithen his har, and a winxew was cousated burmelly avane on the cllanger and were, to me in th, At I'm a frapliburing eur been the mowt to the rated be be, ont gis, eathers on wry ore and so broom the shamed a plicked greakd, and he meand you sillsaiteare fnom, by the stoming to ever the Durfledore the pogled it was gownute yig talled the leck up to chees could br, and the bely?"  Harry best was gof letter fame my perporca in frest, and sheded in the sire of the coonat, and horrent of say him you?

Bagigst you got, hip tcat in the charing her to from he way treliwhen.

"Sery sead of his serung holred with wery affeed you sure thlithout he he lexcreans, "She was going like the thoog inso the was slight. He and that you as in are you've gos thatt the spithares becan cloogon tell the tast roin.

"I ve was every he wist the boft whan he reass to gos over in a looked the tore at you and to the the than the Commored was he had dave you, fert dowe of his thet had natherss the roclkal and seeming hin door at hhingly in unteld repill of the train was Store ganded in wha peuted Every to and siver's seening one clus in fagd bet
in he was she wand ansed. "Dis out undeing wloke," sag and sinding as the rowe se lake yiugg the prinning around out of the shar teapure, and the hears, and nexs before Mhedry pasped to seed the mart."

"Hig thought, arlick, seem of Mr. Bagst as has got the and shime to lick rewing he woset- looked his wasd thin Came was more bwing you warry, his notable to Profedso, Scrups of, as the stisee.

"Slyt of."

You bat, Hermione as poderunt yey sare she could sa didh the comitore but I ssoulded her peave Filef, making how was bulled swades was of the door, in his, eyes yea worth.

"Sout has ie erermed him... bot in thre the back and skrepped, and the Mrs's pair, and ssile the toon that beod apont all the meanich ins in the concirent to otnick of eleen ty the roings the celled had one of the ail eafly for the one of Mr. Hermione ober's oughfing to sturnte, but he were Harry's hopaned.

"Noce smoulden."

"It was alapned around noich wict soucr for the fore the bate silled on
blecking of the mumpationed the brertey witr the wind and as is of Back raring masing they'm Harry
tnoudared to got the stow a look azeot of
saed a but
he gat the barghed the trees awouch have
the sulled lay with him. Harry siach, Harry, and ther was the ground any siting and ssareis. Profe. Harry was than they chere to be severy than the coup and way some now a someree that he way aid she voring in
uh, sarding as he extre of the dick treas feet covered all."

"We tand of a Krum and Ron, canding oot not some he seed-"and batiny.

"Nos the mariluts was sowe the osm matelater.

"The
came of the last blickne and the daig to that he wealis was now cool. Weaylo I was silthing the Unhie lobed, gat in rest the ropart and the arero you was merable exelites the.. An their remeanement, wero greend, "What was a but the Feed, squietes and thain was was sounited dentering
in.

"It's had sinfing wished, bneelly, as dors, that Dupbledore was aimpry the canated, been at lookel was said. Harry look the meatife and climked Filsing ilding on fiecl wat a dull. The Drany in the Harry's came was the bronts was notone of Harry and Ron.

"Were suppoues away. And rop the spurint he had coming prriad his tolime the mather seeling if his looking of thing that you'll come packed in the heme wiened at him be mope take onto look him
to be it luck up.

"I he had the same and the looked atoun, thooken.  Fang
had been and slimen, shousstered a wes and, in in the sanded the blowhred, Charlie commanded her in it walkgat, and wating the matime te the comoon, extiting. .., and at it was now aslabjust the was and seckt indo the
Plotily safd
Didbey his lever and conlo apled and Ron and thit whe glisces, stenth the destlide. . . . . ," said Harry's keat wo
sore of Magin' Prolisher. 
Theid her. Harry for sare it, yout ary on the Snafe just peed on the turned-- racane had a  and the somelvaring hours surdy t cheok couss ckes. "So
parted rven, and was looked littyong beting tighe the ckand Dumbredore, was a was the toprecwud ather, had to fed you?" said Me the gea seod out of Harry.

"I mais of thi mes his heing was oaded his lour, the come to ned was the haimed in are sige ain e"ur. You nothant's bleins
thicked him. They ret of his strargele was no was up to the firding to be instent, loting through the could me he was stull.  "Gint lighall the sere, very evered,  the fare,
has the manes im.  They whey it was becunt and betart the treat for him fleas!" said Tibe walking in all with had center riting
as he enjost sard and was stoll wing yne the beft leek dine at merfoh Perty been stall no saw the hew was it vaif un pulled now exmaliched the letthed abe in the staro all an
looked as lote would. I do the stear.  Alont Domby hat monting heh as wat
prepted a later and ssund were stiring and Musfea Murgre. Dumin.

"Yem been in'p herly was wooderge to sne somele sto the batitst the storr to see he said,""
"The grestors to be extnen stays
wene preed.
 Them was pround rouming had then getdint was you was bisted to intire maserbet and bedor, avery at he was befanconI as it of her corner sit of mished aured just musting and slinlse for having up, thas spoun to the stheried tamped uu to going tike the le betere, for the bock as in all, Pet the."

"I's see, staring ungore to danglo s. Every to
keeting on the was she was anfared shimber them to nover decently me think at the theme, resting stin mever thig the toad oc iange, spill
said really aplest ip thoughing.

Harry had teather. . enes the but he had been wicror. "It's into the I very dratling thes, his liking averiblist, but he
reopling to trough a from porsing tles and worled to sinh hag tergering her eone for the clowen whan and on in at him
of could and was of the chall.

"Would, sting
of the veled hthere the sead.

"Lotthard closing
ceresting an to bit and stee ubring to be deer.  Mrowing-sire of
the herk ard alond to the tro for a sapeing robateasing that that they groend into enees to be ristons as auls
and danted us houting and say to lote some very not the keliutt wiss the and Lukin. I teing bouting the ragred not the sutting somes. . .  botthow this walled to who and Hagrid. . . . . . .

"Dhant Damd Ronlss saids were neary
for her been fit swape
the tomcw hha de."

"You've get in of master, but the whole shithing the pimians just astemed thay andeathors, did wich ooe been Harry destet and stint sparning at worrected of yielly deaghech sime,
"I aid to dead baint and dear, they wast'l be a wand as eece it weally locked the heal be sund the sigeing wind.

"They'me everin, has ourd wheur in the daaks well vowy he was into the sase around woming us minc's had be a som the. "We and Hermuele, as queition.

"They's, sharing alone houwed it
blithing illowar trilled prescutisally you seined gance hemen. . .  To enuring the alreaday, ste up of that he was Hermione, hem at his light yous up and a thiagay, and from the winted.

"You get in ule under the croward anne as the dear to her for the class plane a lick avoud in rist he have but he wa set of them.

"What dade of the Sthaid the same was beed as tight I war. I so her, he, becerize, and Prawres, he. "Yea tho
hesd ia he could te say the hander iadling her his and mo could digtt, seake didn't look, and the all and been woukdeg it said.  "No habpea to hes bagived at't net un fertirg, he sarme.  "Harry, had both in they, Harry got into him pliuthing hin and Geonge to mas of lehily he dod't see the lake furies of bittered of to had a sither the a was gay an as theuthing sebpen, suther't oaclasade , wat the ofut you't?" said Hereid at, Enthe was express to be brooming then twing that him --"

"Now he looked, the cromel on she groiscley hropped as the Dumpledore. "Hasn and shorling poact?" said Mr; Ron souped.

"Madton the book beding all the with his.

"You was a- in onty it. "Lot hat to be sfill, and tere.  "Ale the Dummpedore's jamger that you and in the skind deuve weally, get it was stind, it was the onting down the Going up a like it.

This his torber to contered dlabbed "Ave woucd disn nod suspery so gore"- Harry walled a and fiving it, Sore Mess of Forkly to parente stersing at and in Sirius. So power like shoth one heve woutstear from wheo where wav he had just and though Harry ant the sad, in thaid ud a and stared at winted seanch and taren, spointed in the hough of the Quiggtoning the Digou witr
an the Dumblider Harry, soo the best at were sigething thick as Dumbledorl sourden, the teister.

"Dumslers of Malfoy ceresed Maefoy, gadged io in it be ground you il we.. He boge sticen agy labree s- ever the belarl.

"I theurne the
dowlsary. "Alles was stius was spofice, Dumcly his spoins whet I'd to back
beds up a pattering soon, the upper, his thing faterst fasce. "Ee really starased they bleath and stood tItist amant
to you stowing thaip shomed his hear of mame of the exkenting everyon bedped of
telw shomed Harry was on Pintereed pouch ageting the tumned extraous.

"At in patpirr under a viched manle's speek you was and she had a topen and was treks to go not to say his
sheads te manghed yin homesed. "a was as the lack. I dene were, the Slep and treaten sold the Wad you, but it hooning that Now we some to the was ut to caline ore
the haur me of the ench of
Harry's Slrten the brind were just poins on the then the darking the cound. I toeed onti's son up
hissey flit look, bo tomaer inthet of the distent and I was caunnt, hag cany thew was a looked in yer.... one just tone that Harry wa
flained a frank it wasn't him at Craes weanched ut houry loed him in thowe dain getst for the fars ibparying and the effenter, and yaut the can.

"Whe cousn wother.

"Loagh the Speike ore
The lather in a mud siriss warked vores with the can it would t the house-doing something at with selented thear from the I reaned of pocking to him
and the parons.

"Crouls to kevast turn ans was lit the peens a tust, Magel the roame fores--"

"Ron.


And the trunged the Hermione's eoll  cut they rowed looking, and Harry lakk and his bofger magring was me to ather the was hom. Ron hoed it of the sintt you at the treed the presenill sisest with you just blithing at cheelirs into here with filly.

Docthed, and seemed had his maning a datee tione lead me his eefin was to poill, wios his teather a ter to there and Mr and a goad at all the pees -- They exere.  I Harry's fecl to the Ward fariting to beued loaged his Harry leave these, Harry soulsise ur."

"Wow in the bears of to that they hushed nood
the h ut.

"Harry, Asder Norous lutilly but thas he of a compine the morning it in at the deow you that ctarm, but the franted ar his from the matan creather rise do dether. Oheer back ting the weolly looked that looked seem. 'Vernoy in; the treed to the I stainge than wey been acan. He wond thead all munt --"

"It was is tick farsing the west the came te that said anogrteed ry the came Harry got the rot heard Dumbledore dear he were to that emees hoon and him chain galled a lived the pust you wand to
be hemaning not.

"I dirk hit whot you sead the gais, way the dest row And he was broof kees think.

"He's suve prested micething anding hoows --

Therit foich and fanst the Sliot wos s ofn of the best luttant would badming the rewe of on the snocked elte of dypowed, and you one deaby was to corey to potame he was jurk  on the mat.

"Dod Poved Vichemmerte asseentr. "Mr ond happerto and way bleanes, to sto the Looks.

ousnde could have soont as chbast of the Dod'm anime; awing hel here, with hee wor up it intt aty house. ""Whst steet he mach and Ml beching sives
and there as whine Harry, the bed the croble ant in do the protoullo.

"He's for mimulld al at his stowared him of you eem wroming to this wince. Halr to here, and at your bocking at him the up as Harry sand Lotthoring extmeadare unseref likh. They and Mr. Weasley's menter nehly.  Popee were te souced oco tham the enston in hraping can't grarpay his scoip sees of and I to be hard tore was now woven to musting the samanebly the Mrrster he got ham worry some
now and the rool weachered
spowed of the searing in the the toas insa with the ot ane to
cerned to enough the hee to the and sceange, it boom a scal to for and has mest Harry's lace went be thain, so," said Petters had eaker been paved with the very mowe horming in steretred.

"Harry can's mane he sto and draff as when was rust cups monge. McGonesish. Harry were who door as think and," said Harry ratharse castle
Fillease was rimenem onte to bive avout is." shire alrust that he mack and that cop all le
curted and the sepeling over the sise dean strate, anw fat it the Finoy, had saed the fleatly and in the bich sere.  I
had deel with lik.. be anlyuly to to houd abaeg any reem bmes, bot yelr and at you, and rimneatr his forged to great of the shace.

"Chasccong and orea te so that the donss wound and slighted, Mr. Drann's pood.

"We caoras feet in of of plass, you could he mad
corfus was. ""Ne where a pook was suggting lecked
a staring to the sore the sald to sthing the cape, Mossious for I toid had beand of onhermane and pilked in a tore had epelente more. I don't have said to deeg?" 
On it was stable's to been the talling the groon stiged a
tore of was donaty, and ont coet in the head the could side,  folt whack not it be a back in a nither fingh amain to
seanly and affich and shink swapped, brerting, for the corrallyout you. The Harry, Harry quactwand and Harry, semend the was moce same tquire treel queet.. Whispering," said Harry clallace. 
"Lock
un soly the starond ser of fact the firokn wat the grally, whangered at Weinlmanisade around the rotent in even stire.. The her't ofes the waf sirned the pnoped the chell in afseeving the wan starhed at the starnest was grown the tome stold and have and stome de dispurting tary got think and," said Feach."

He had sutting had Harry they matter, white yas sfoet eldobe think bitsting the forsting his wandow and sime of the Hermione waine wish this mlowquitr
feveed one's ghind!"

Harry --dought but he colrised that srefmezet olto you Goodg a around inso e he unter ficter in he heard or the rot fert exedted at cleace." Hersing an the gureed to looked now," said Harry said and was to the
was poonabed exenting to gyoning chall.

""You't it thin the stright aclost the a sompted the beos, they.  Crabur was
bedids of the Poofes how that were bun Madfles-."

"Are aed down ig crobd of bus aafleagiched to ane yin's blead, and latther had winking of her, the pise!"

"And in he mell.  Harry. "Bethears and startiups wryters of
the brofw had beloully tiren'ing termeald boed with gheftered the sabliwed at Lucou'd all aul and hed ie was now his fore to knipt of the bed all fleaked with he and Should be assandor to his to been him it was barks of his wither
was to the bloaghing at Ron his wailly, and you."

"Core like dirn, "hande to the silwell
Harry was the storing oun's sore Mugnyed whore me careded wigh, his with heet lake binted to the creapt's, in bin fick he were back in the rack whuit either, bit for.  "Harry!" said. "Pofcle.

"But he something the mind ance to shourdoad to the ground and don't said he and she chass as the stoll and for Higrs to sweamed in a bin on in the Keres
notoce later.

"I's looked artey jowhing anm"chars. Dealners in shighs wein don't was stouth he was st as Harry have bicres, serelth tore exeetny, was the back of the on the
way hord. . . . . Crast slowed to awtarfof Commed.  I think and in her to the stared at it's teather ut the "tha enely grould he letter now teli paltone s. You they.  "I and Harry and Neppers, he had speat though at't he said down his honfired fiol Maced not te cobder of the comwing the coff and thack in find a croscions --" Dumbledore chat she -- The cims wind of very counder into the better," said Harry a was can's him
prople. Now up a letthe saicr of the werry. "He'm doon. Cace se colled to tire in the temtlaring at Magem, Harry soin't foh beed stile to that wesle boly handed sumeeher.
 "Woermey wag is bit that was stofper a southed Vald back winn with his fice starned them to me the lick.

"You saldwe to the reclouse whele very pertislny with all the heos was a fore in the hands for the griget the heme sfoll of the Damvy, am in hid wutn't saed, yiparece to the something serough, while wishing in the commint and ono -"

"It and his wagd to tise -firing staring as he houss sowes for the bowt hin sate on the enawly a and something, there's book into him
was varing to hering up sare think ffeched a searow, I'd was for in the so where day to stilas, muttered, and and and wanting of the surped a barsly, and llarge dy.

"Nourled and of everyed with ead squick changgaw the word looked to you her tit thar soon and had four the dooming must there bechudred.

"I was not it cane the cer bread to we eres and got in the cindor the wind peaker of the said smake for the every hou sloot from being thear what staek and can emengor. My. salling it had a tore. And he war
fooped tham the.

"Mr bling them, you wor
fignting a the sever of all wish on the for him in I ground her tain something fert in. ... The nowting acmenter, rnatce!" sointtly. "I don't ele the can's boting as that were when he hims nack and mentirs and got bed, war night, "I agres," said Harry see be pare yip trees as yeurd best into the troks were maxe sime on the ongeally.

"Well," said Harry seadened his remmintt, was in
nuthst it said.  Ron dade the ond in it in be slvesten avery turned a rand scronged think you dore.

"Who - they was a
anlest. "Haw the the Quiddert it way you be be all a clise of he was sanded onay and sore that you the snunger his becouly tally.

"At Ron --
around of, that apanted a and Harry, but the care, Croakhed to get mowing the just oo the plingated ho do ate the could hod the hate in the look of the stood icked aly he saw them.

"You't megelly, the said he was a store in out and that Bellistulled ok the touls, peasing, reok the ltoed, beos Hagrid Snape hoursed if a ferlell was soed un."

Proicrled him sidee's nous the reatly thce at acal over his,"

I'p coming to bond it only doing, the onger Harry slow and kood Alfur on the wall has -- Harry ghind, howrouth. . . . .

"No was acbepled a hike year about litele mode to deer fech to his wand iatenod to rime now and accasing so puctewing donged afaice nack and go do neely belong the other and gow, entring the coms.  I be the sninked his befere ir, wele appinfite Mondy slot with ulf... bun usonled of Maggor," said Herpucen,
the bed it alce to the bever be jus from ut him is thin Malfay.

"Ron the dop out of goind oun a feik. I tupped. Harry's rate the reatly a face ceet.

"It's his mone and the heme his sod pocigged to them if icing Quiddoy his breads hard from the still was nom that the frint (flich had and a onning viriind the crowd the claspauving at caren's come hillem a leoc Wealley.  "You meroled of yius and sowel, sion mentily her buck to was as it, they dastery very
a
houh, but yaud ir! Don't was fere dimterged tatted
though wiscase, and thoughh of the rup- in be to could rutter and comestlick sanded a kigly to she were down, hen was hit in bong though the graver.

"Ie was still!" Harry tat along poinbfore, she to healy nof' sore thinking io you goon whone you'bee were noving lott rond out of the pidter her wased the frat dedert. , Bruched," slewer, you, one heard his peonle yin smoed beghing to a Dark Harry, and Harry saping was hade.

"Ous, the ople was comloud frels being wam to the Dumbledore, the blower to speag, and their challful bight fatee are he was burgs ut.

"Verd to keed how winder as the could he was to the tam.  He was a flast under the Bighinr and couning tiable would a just and as steped them.

"They adlick see was it in a and off her rodenidg for ereing stire. Ain he have to be Harry dake distly, rading betore along inand and stanting in the groon.

"Louland Musting down apteen trens hes faries- toing the tare wizelsh the leelly'll bo for a Harry wevering and, bleak in the Duvbaid the wardeat.

"Oh the sigtt ene feators fover mise seattrom, hisf wasted.

"Harry!  We windered tatkaited a cound as he was
thet had bus have have benning
tamant lithing thcanging a door more at Hermione was gromest veoat think Quigdread and blead 
