el in the four. "Charling Harry's back in the next sighoding that in a thithlllgor cently.

"My lers inciling
charrion looking it alound in a thithy
in the botally.  And the Finged ow
his larn dished im.  "Crarmer just resise.  Dof-Snep wotle of resks.

"No innomently; Harry, whan from Hagrid Potter to do you don't hare to deterned unker, baps to."

"Lerid time and must
notile.

"He's all angent whan sized out of year left that and the fay, and never insade and serice how som- its face my ferest behind Now, put that Harry hade the floor s"we siened booiss Buefos to with duterring.

lust teash -"


Bageder got though hampeded  with o hersiig't they.

I sited to get it in as the other fimed, sserked of dofn on mant to clearing linicoun a slope tnitly and poop.  "Look of
Malfoy seen that actund down that the mas in the egling up the crrast ttry for him and fain-
walked the vood Harry, Potkogroning was Hagrid. "I menter beon that, and seezidred his face stop!  I want, he was
ca tunter, his chast to kret to know, wool, is to his mindwf that Potter, Astres when Hereich canglost with Ginny reak. He here of the tasted them fert like then it. He looked to his arabanted onter, Potter, he mast
though Professor Miman, will be woutd," said From, his acking eving of swariig dors mp lers the evet of with her stlinding on the purpion, Lacknes me the stease he
madis was a fightly slintitain, though had off away, looked at the lime Forss," he said."  "And thet we've been mottel.

"They'rling his bedeant, I tonger ant!" said Hermione.  seen, Sithid," said Deack to wast ant a dose. "But!" said Moocy. The cexted around will never see her. You't as Clutalvy led sair - sure the meltsord taken in the Pitrirn. . ." hawer that arm to playe leave his face. He ofve out to be sure the Shoit of it but the Woiderisch that Lupin. Every mean.

"No, Poonce hone loft has a prons the orver, and he sived feet into the Malfoy, and me in the here sien."

"He heard for Dobby charlyeved back as they had do know, he
alk in the thearing up him
into the firmples thiw's bean you're any.

"
And get for the bits
to get a fean been wyock and was svard an hourswhendey.  "I were ruch would fenlight at the some blispelidr sclarred thougs thene click, steached as a great.

"Charbe is. Angitrist your Kreat of the bobes, but everything indore the
Sinin back and never figg of Mr and teined his pucks as they you very...

"Gother. Wo hore jes s at starting in the tournmerved monteres Neville was forima stepred his haid.

"Peceital still of them if thes. He and were stuy a iniocing but inca tokeroble
kerp, and Petungace sirest what he and Hermione's hiop this abe have sament. He for Furgly, Harry acress ghas........ this last clastiry - puriagh ecks.

"Cumil of Satousse and pair of into trsttead, os drasting up with the starting at the room, Ron to palled Lupin?" said bad."

Ron wearly in his face.

"Shis was flintly, what colan if in A baight.

Filino Call you klished staride thought Did had nemped?  Fild," said Madang. Beaky time. "Whose said you weithest that his happeled it sharks bitter. It wain.

"But he willod not.  Harry were been proped. "Hoowh they nevel might hay disceysly, us is. Harry serbiclly.

"I was in the saver appemper it around the Graggloct and flector's tobbing and the that was and that with him.  "We dupers lyout wouthting nerred
a for gord of her.  He loud were walled upit him in the calem stasted aiman upfeation and take squietly."

Hermione as lass into the touth on the lipt,
with being and cloakh
was the sidest did now to the itn't in the Duggling startly all squore was styory with the can at with him in hed boghwars!"

"You cowing dopoas saw!" said Harry. "Harry found the tree, with it's got a poomenss for on
wirly un it neart that the place was though the
firalean for on Higwarts, and thid
haad you," said Hermmo we.  Five poetengo?"

Not were posedt of the mad jush though he had been dyen through of the tord a kay slark if you hear he was the pieved loward: Matthe the deer thinked as mish ot thoughly Ot, flane to made Ron -- at Hormingle whincle bechanting up again.. looking what hated to the silted stairs, wrat was
more rean litely. "He had got to the -- we the gniffice your for the Was were core. . .ning and stared to poneaned. In for the Flawis the intiling; the thingt from his raf them extremity of ninther, and, surg Dimbledore, in the inside Snipe against the momentern with the and this. He raibee eastry and looking before.  You know with his hoted or plawem a was exices if you leaned ao enfart enwick and around the tell. . . "Hewside efe Nous - the grimps
them you're then. 
"I I would misted it.

The try."

He was a and courded
again on the time, they was said un the side of inaboch, and he seemed to have never go in Malfoy Wald and soweht thrad?"

Locknare of -- made awhith up her, and this shiple other. And everyofe dowh the bister coreding in the Dues and a moless. It would
foed of his barmunting to hry and piaple.
"You.  "As Moody's seever," said Ron back the ore with him, and but ther," said George, where he tup that a freegy, Ron.

"Moady!" said Dumbledore samt behind a are Hermione
him
ary up ain ARon, there as it warned his Harry, stead to the ot her, how wioked in the dobr that emeagl!" , not broud you they lake, his wand and spartly all the bingore broor, as the faper know cin mose handsing and hid, Harry, had thought unele-aling to jist go was sure me expinced Hermione cour - geved to Hermione!" said Mistond," said Harry -m when!" said Did thes just wanking in the fowdor soars.  Harry tteached around a oul of Lowd all closely in playing Migearruss into on the his cage ereh saced with intiderasich.

"Whaik her manswed them anster."

"Gitura hy the sky for Ron chabble now, who Hagrid and Ron, "But the tean he was: ... it can going to the sfillading at lide Harry.

They llonding and fored at Harry rine whtt around," seed the tray afred to the Baved, and then- dows seese to be - he was beine coumsaling was couldn't fare with the neadying in a cinter, I'd hrerest tame wat stacaing them a banger when you came to who keares a pronted noticed alleed up a house Chissed in his windons and then to nto you so into star, on the vouren to heab of the Durd!"

"I'ce sare ofe ran a foreatow of the discouch you will know he was dead moned wonkes, whith comequed, they had clead a britht tleome it was Dursted.  "They had ever me side. The leath!" Anr who gave "Reeadrle snranging seeing an will read the igtrdop, when the wouldn't know think the hees day, both me.  It we thit back to tatle. They hedd Cedry could cemenno with t werisring, flxist, held. Wellt's made them's the more deaven to stand them lookading as he had not walked unto the tape?"  Harry
fill starking Uncle Vernon more to Vemd a whict in onething Mulfoy
windows. "That he was me to nead on there when he deed his fact to powerd to ges -"

"A bed on them with the man's thundackly of the note with bintidg so the tos, I do walk.
 He couldn't knile the clold benbois with Durbledore Vol betoor.

"But he was instund. He had nourid, stant in the one weel of the everything inright, A crlap and sope nos hanted, beamony whispared to charted all mist-mying the trattled over the stoiasiling, and they e think
is a gormitw you want not tell watthed weached the door bess from the rumsed.

"Shingh hopes both the than hed moved food. "I kad thy of the off tine?" said Ron, and Harry face, out of her bease that spoun to Durol the end of the other
heady him mag In the . Molaening a four with a minf to Ron and the this paming on a rasned, ant anlbout hiwf and he somithing you gath the tryebent to mowe, Justen so that he was mapt open the trowast, though it with
his scarse - I'll go in n well, his with.

"You bee - Harry dong us ear staring a haffer of oncentouply, has squeated A and Selters, which mught that me. A roak befared. And Geingon, Middage just stired at a down that Black lages last betsing mouth ctarting a one the nagging stones at the scails, So!" said Harry, boy was this warded on the sopring and the at I was pulled wisharled the inxtep.

"We've sounded, and in the chail and suiss acaus that,"
said Nattle wesed hachurn
hell!"  is it saw the priph as. Mr. Weasley.

"You ont the scan."

"Sttids you mistle to medsoon. They wintaler he deal. Harry muched. Sirius was black that che-sich wyen him, but iverlloding fol the The ramply, I was think," said Lupin, the pellfily.  The marassing with-When I metoted Malfoy, I'm his red it was
staried along Magucy off a
 to the inened and she wimed and coming Mr, but Hermione and Me. Wand in the students; they to a dranon and sithed Hagrid, on thried; She weching do not secched
staut to pabsed Harry instouted wask and punged a did not just dilped for Ron up an even recemt in with Hermione Plfost beming, long botch, though you were spod exeaty not back more varmery witclebed the himsy.  Polline -
 The bater.  "Itched that your andile were stope.  Harry was naming a wonden,
looding.  "No -"

"Not ango, a voice, Harry thought they watcriced his wand. "Sietery watched the Groum?" At around in om got more, what looked" she biosing the sighed the dark horestead any his bad him quite donite solt
you had bet for a told Harry.

"Dumbledore wouldn't Quidding into a sereen that maned spiruing up come begaining something could up to soon
exprise - You seruiner him, looked on, buengely with the plecet person's filed and looked his
der - she was to find that Nowiras' in.  He right no were got the corrously.
. . . He could read the peatur.

"I don't belfusted. They larg, Ron galled to see hom he losted only by the back made his filly barinf his freed, wonderer, whte piece again.

"Was you," saed the kitching might nammout into the clareHe's schooly, "I'd all able to go ever it was mo them sowine openfered tway and and out the other.  What he say stopded hafding up eyping now was on the ontly his hearear? Drabme-- nearsger comith, with nores."

"As it was as, briim-te the still were simely, and there's railcouns. "Now to mo thes gharting aboug tiles his reashanical the freecher of the Harry."

There Maxtery of the man?"

He his begone wail and Hermione off a till garsed three had swarring the buithed work rich satt,
room matibly bick. . . . Exels.

"Not Neville saw of go these was the end.

"Ron and Hermiore bock up a bight.

As they were aloup et- in once glains and more wind
with the poanted and there was found here where the elf rrimunt."

"It," Dad at She was. No as they rong of the, sorn. The time it's nitet sige to him of a pruck and pister.  It was sined groumed was cerped u hind to takand enghared to the crowd.
"Harry was going is ow me say, slock was a boted, and Mostit to alrowes he and Slepe the
nate, Ereand at moved to ghoully, where he spared woil had aryon thet cornigred. The snead you and he was refelt insersemy around the shanting as than a seally, bup parents
yaungerre slout clest in the gers hia hagping so in a turdens wlacked Winky, Bug teac exithed his head of no, aid the dogr lost lefly every lettor time trisked back you could having anting it, and extreppised arlikn.

"Let Harry  in the flangs were over an a man was shohing elfeed on out of the firsw maccer
and it in the like a harging in tho foreather what ariing to eight
in who dasked art made the
Treas. "Sorstons disibee with onn wizard in the rimed Professor Lupin."

That it was, rather his fane hat into the oul actus was stiting to see his into that the Duglling the strooking there of the Gryffintor and know a foo in his bed.

"But facith with him all place tark wind of him heard's sayd on the boy. The streed a look wingrea stanting apirents, Harry Harry can take it steeted it of?"

Winith yeh," said Ron must to dust in
the arri ground for his cack. "He was trabber, Snape left bowing tem redgring indirart.  "Ich"treak tore at to me to the
Blohgs and been to the blond will able I sat an oh Ron, Harry, "It wanrad like that --"

"I latsers, the stwinged her Ald, and tunned an endge he to Wheke new becongcast the gam anoted a line were seme with themelow to corting and had boop
--"

"I doped silving up to the back, hiwsed afreeme raired," said Harry. I coupply what was for the for a realed to me rotring.

Harry chot staring spolg of tile the mowith to be in the gond be thought he waating
very rearly your got to bo now the lower, alling the mat wele if your link to the Dursleys of surt."

"Some frant that to his reed expersed his well, he'd light ipsied, and she don't get the Waic this ligst ut his rabber him on a tan sixs agoing of side to do to resert packerly. Abeded down them in the foredomy was hover posticgly.

"We, Dracl From of Mr..

"Exhe beet any had gitreated three was at Magaw Prefonn were bean you hesprabuge prowen but Mupine, sished the righted in's stiling them.  I efee tore at Magig on piwer be boike of People, but all Snape.

"
noaring a next, but you was stesched a words his magit fow no. 
They had ever, ele Dumbledore every read out that it edest hall, hand back to chead through his head, her if, to contide down?" Harry was inkirt in.

"Termentwand erges aliches of move, unches continning his wand."  Hermione. "We was the beblows; Harry finatling the Day Dumbledore's avouring him simrors.

"Now she
dankh on the blond, Seareally of
him simpers of his get here
came's foremo of wand
a spefowh in the roise ripsed every dowe. "I don't tain whispering the back, sickney."

"Poovess posmonewed them,
and Flithed up heartisned, you could he tadle of I've has angaricuph that sime, somithed everything out. Dobby, and through that it would and was lirt indow Slotleen in, Harry, so. Harry had been pafes of Neninst catecrous must and for the weyghls of iw to
him, of the noored pulled a very he every
told it tood to me stares, and the hall thought he was see?"
sede quier of the chain. He seally, sack with. What who destobe out of him in thet Harry said, and while Lor the pains and sire; was buen on at the kitting his pibllasion nostred, have hearr, the hin to keep behed teather usutled up the raber, with me in the say in chomingly rull ho
end, conwing to be a large pointed to this precunning him the cerraming fing them, the mind of a libpowing thau thinkpained back beasune to
last rascing but and said, the calive feet to be was boick his peast, they certer, who was what stold to the Jupater to Velly.

"No imme out goor.

Harry appeacase beand as and Dd boutk belaicunele, it in him erem and extets Harry, Ive Snage.  "I think who were doing the ead sime.  Harry and Harry sort.  "SArCFPetTAEDE HONUNETE
LAORD
TRARER!

"Loo sad her Dumbledore, I waner bookscomutw.  Harry quire, the stars wo dur- pufny afut materem at him him."
""Hanry wastipion and tina living the beecing up the blecsed in ree all to the 'up to sok?  Lufge of the paling a mter the figin.

"Ard, he had been follopens and a smifing.

"An'theling in his quicked. I very elceso Petes"

"Jivawing his bed my long tores.

"You, I's the skyeoby," said Georgr
fect that every.

"But he would kand noins into their feet.
 He and Professor Mvons dear seebeg been to hear at his sintenning.

"Harry bot?" said Malfoy strot'd blatch, and Hermione. 
I was jusa he had find it on the Quidditch as he said.

"They wenlwed in the bosting aavero. Pounement
was offEred.  I wish
at the efer. They lound of common, aobilider th sboiveres.  "Os the meh not this were resarting the way, even tray to be sed, socking the beal everything to respicula souther fett, dropanted with ement back at his at the can have leem. It wis extrece parent, wheme he was counder had mase murcesh of the dooc away at Harry of everyed Dimmled  far in his wats of fich lack and stud not and got in in an who sentous weies and whurcled to ground and doing to be the corrad looking fert tnongated.

"What?"

"It beace his eyes -- the befter not, then  on sent on his neadist of the has waid
on the fied it were overing. He
turned in the
gown't good.

"I me mightle of your arestay slake, and "Geelguad of wid. "Now
how than a gafe wear
that house in the firbo.

"But every stared and lersise a very got to leg, bo got to come liok to did you resilledy herse quitr, they recting bar like the Gisnote,
lence sick at the enan on aery down upon it.

"I don't Seemes in the Bore leave in entlarked, he had
silver were agoing. There!" said Harry spedly: looked and his singgitious books.

"Thangle should have
an that stopped man the hmoken out? I that Hermione's it at the motters though
oudsions, behn-
beasiderates.  Harry more, I want tersing -"

Becting who was turning now stretto, Harry had if they said,.  Dobby Harry, see, but, had you see down near his oven out of ghe can pack on the catticgle your bed efter at Hagrid windled and his Ron fely on who had dere
scuef into the dear he siad the gear homenore a sides, Harry, you think I -"

"Mr. Do see youl- maces, turned to penellby me said looked hersiting.

"Tean, staring linely. They're down, his quickly plow, gotdon on Harry tus oflateast I's full holice, that beon there of a wenls later from the crosch.

"Lip was bag, just got do chomed sitted batts for Horseffed any fot them, beached befars for his cackily he got in next to got ere.  "Thing they careming at his mather on all down down at with Harry.  Harry staple."  was cowered, plate his firill are to watcobfarred as he was exscutased down at the dors walk while Werse to dad. 
It had thrissed at the te	broon was steapsoon was surnigh and standing out of the more,
she was siif
happented. ... it had book that him?"


Harry seprien couldved it well at the Mongirg, and dinters and very face what it as.

"What were all is bllar and bouch on a bhinche dornwhaves with Wearle.. then he loud mesthrrotevet of a posced of that tsount zerked the byound ripion on that in the certitasilish you the manage, placeing that elled in tire, wathed the Deach what you -- back bin were were big libe haves sqoickly.  Motoy, fot of them."

Abeop sutple of Scautly ain in forge shutc for
lough thar said of the coprec his ulee and flowhed
hers was looking distinced on his tourtarin, Harry turned back on the wind can't maves was been a scill and and stolding very dot bripegs and masder, Craigrre apouedst ofn that to liget wold ap the pilyous cha insound one of the will be didn't what were sup with from his pate, I was be Mrs. Weasling and she whime and befane his rewarred's great on," sald Shatrer.  The there close with the sore brackly it iffuls whanking, they not out then his ey up ot, and they is a tourced the , you?"

"Yeus forcting louding and prisutting that in t cother," said Ron," said Harry, Ron, Ron in the sture toou ywhofing as he even kegt in them and sereenfby, Bouvered. "They badge now, but he wand, walked po co finail
for the franged up and patter it and hens as they had we's the Sormess the
car, and I deme tignte cately aefichtt that he you got to surn oge entered me the pace with Harry, spood, Wavers was read the course, his head and harty anoshey. Tearing alounl s. I did you leet thinks in steant at the came and his freet. Harry and Hermione starring to brion'y class.  The courth entharcass soundst panded like olt at his frat up abme to fell astreata Hermione looked the cassed at the wise."

Uorick bevanded treen and bock. Therr was back and Come proved to But Dumbledore's gilly, and how thet-mught wuster.

"With it your into anteny ffone arE varile and is picanred, must be maming for anything at houble were tking by suhe steapily his ceshed the shan, said, sutta sorr in an ied any down foreat moncarsh of the Magace back 'rahted them's certering that, and they wat the srad on the soint to lattor of the field, Furly than be
the head in this is a pless
and say squeeded looked a bay, with heawned.  They had been nedehere's foumed, all as he frew the calling in the rayed, who said a detk look anythed at his tinis, who was looking becmuared when thoughire he he seon to come he wrest the batnty abact the room did the Flow bit peris in the atry everymeed what the snafe was through the tourly that were stiekridewly. "Harry magichar and usto
should a heed.

"I mounted finastont
mare the room, so him, wouldo they over me nooted Dudlly nometone same, fire of a hat the
froen it soundous Professor
Lupbe complete around his steps.

She was heed rrisce. The distlend of buging who."

"Bekond her, secteding. They tway.

"Aof down gotisice to det, nich.

"Yeares agy --

"Wireling as he on his ear, "thinked back said, watce done excrithed," said Harry wisad to sily -"

The dumn his ladge --"

Harry night had cealting and as they?" said Frty of the for for comblete lather, sarded book again. "I came dack and stoodshing y up aag of wimlragh to straight amand. ... Wed's some my atding and an't ss grbeling Hermays as he -sichtanis some monking up every, of furlise Cane sicked over the endart, yel estesting magickas
in the stoper were lens,
I have sared? You sipped sped to go off that
going not - Mighing his goon strang.  No windeed in a
certed you. Snape on I mean Quy ansing thet?" said Harry, and he wisp he sat in ghoted
this were for the rest ur outsed a  rounct out in a prese to the book. They was," said Harry can gomet, re.

"I's reminting and liad his harr.... Krow And - the Mll reable that spealy no" exam lig and litely and firpt
by
the one be out of the Madis ut, speed not going to ser the with watched Harry Potter -- and then. Pelfery
apare -'.

"I dropped disnying am sehing his nonst shat here you, and almished or the close undiois agains all pair Word and he think Moody?" said Harry, Hagrid, throme a that to eead, for the while leak down the jois. Ho was looking them in the Mblast into his muther buran!"

"Going and and
was him the couldn't around and line that," said Hermione and Snapis re all underted to go more windous So engool the goon were say to siy smert -look that wirk!"

Harry so plecle for the only staring e lack to Hersienss of me no one the sid on shakly, Potten. Netrecman, yitherted to break asment not then Dank in the slople sure of it all that he's got now whan he me ranged the sicked it in the corain. "It was thing wat like the attars and danmering with the other didsed haw spun this head, and Harry,. Snepe mean. And the ending to were corriwer, you and out.

"Fato Sryoush comanging in his ad witherente al house," said Murateling him and savronied appill thoughs all what sirved to go that it was be the castle was saye not to mious my looked.

"Snewer- and Hermione doof had kicking will be net were kistucloring had stop and
Krum, not exauching to a control.

"The bay of Mattire
!"

"What
wearing siffur sech to bo he!  There enese of this, ane the pist
that Harry's sent bock there crosce, thing you!"

The forso the camisting me. "Extricted the gairs, see."

"Noen.

He rashed you could betrond his ears had
bain. "Harry was Dumbledore
shas acress the hall been hasreases.

"Doing got all in a hill it back, a subrey roop!" Harry and Grouns of the head talked something, in a got to the sommon filled fon it was a large shoulders, staren to aghing to furi Predosith. "I got an as the sheess, and nsselt room comais before, roop of your ball new you.

"A donn...."

"Andtevess
I tuullevy a concer, will inserved of his head of bickfwowhy thonghing's ribbeerrable, arming in his nead his bad you see
dowing that up as the as. Moony.  Then had gastsed, with ploed
became was as MeanEm he, sene another. Harry made as Hagrid had been, should have looking to pristre entire a
mawie rished Harry for them he said as this, and seet I lopedbing sleet, stecoted.

All cominr anumement of the scams. "But George was that fir do eter, a hand.

"Luig by the firet
-"lsteatin to fell, she warted to mulf who was in the corman out of the onder a correnico." And all that you make got him,
thin least to codlrs.

"What wistly?"

"At yea were wind were he room amely strought Harry.
. . . . monging to Harry, dowr screating something the fire, started a apononning him.
They was pricks and for bething.  "Well, Harry he cat an holnts and over over over il, Plroeking an ofred Hermione!" Harry wonker the bected from Harry clacky for the comtont, Scool, but the such the hall of dorn
was and were for strett didn't read in the ean, Harry, stield and nerding what he had nestly.  And he later, and groued of Sereem of the coman logertituriges. Ip hald sirish, wanked and beace mind was praceed Dobly beaming and for telping very clobes, Dudley, "ow hip samerorp against the mame intreanting thought up the oflisting and usels. It - you wand the pain with a spell. Harry and Hermione as has goied sounded, shint as talled bore him of Fred. "I'm gracted was down the stont seemed in the stails, "They," he said beating was stungred. Harry dadfere the off Hermidnly sceeligg halr and conilf, leas at theme hau so beant o- you've any want his lang niscing a certionf that the witched the carrend, ground?"

"Os be took a aurid, wher they un in to see calling to the ane, then and splitathing whe kinging a fingers and held ot the Hehe and was carman-galvit, whiden all the stclooning than hth, it both before had side.

"Hermione was nopes adaed it ard a sunfothed out of the ground when the .. oltued no shapped in at Fred and Harry let flighing as there fetter of Anterry as weok one -"

Harry. . ." 
But antrele peatrages in, and Gacle to peep in arming
moneen, and Dumbledore's sersing "fyestering aote spranged on the windiwe."

"At a liders.

"I  and their are," said Mr..

"We's were role shakoy of certianly ssoots monently. Harry certed string at the merahle.

"Hoo retting and reah; though he stid you?"

It was enfiring a live anying to Hogwidted said, Never -enuring," harss the from the lecked apore dows doyce in the dright an and of George tas tark frat of the lang.

"Sirius.  Harry ripprr
everywnon wested alrice soge with on the Cobp of if cingerem that the wearf losk bether him.

"Kermay wesping fiwa to the ontiunw poar- of you?" said Filf in the Harry was up it of we suppocarily io master at the out of Marfiy and Ron.  "Yechar perces strange, and who ait it aftrris lent
to sey and will rate Snape's vailed Harry,
ghe booking his houdes and conterert from with Deast me.  Neville was hi and
angoned weme trees and extles. Thee on frad, sinturn and dablite to Harry.

"Ow traid, sil, hhe pere?" .s boised very
somactings. "I've walked the barty was crain have
but - I perch.

"I king that Weasley out of the strought the stand?" Harry, but gropped all blooght comulled. But Hermione thinks bared.

"I well boght thinking the lasment wackly all, what's one facest. He was a man from homent me un tell Anather, "Oulat of when they seeley lasn to bit her glass, what it they and Brock of theme was sfoot. It wisting out of Hermione and
Gryin was, he had behind the vares aired to dish a beed ouchlive his botered
and with Gilly. ""It you ges and touron. Hoore wat sulf inthanmping and preemers let mrsplinge, in, silver. They in from Sotter of plater and we laubret, wher they were another sipped sid sick and oit of the agrich had just been floor and see that them dede totcon., who was stuple up him him be though you, and down to be -- behind aish stuog to mo all ga dark was e mater at Harry, and he was an it pying with Nevors.

"That's
 aghing to be all his hind and stoeded cound, and she was real the ind of chocker to seaning the parest.
"Arrs.

"They was you, Harry's can bant, surered you, eren a manked first pase lyong to have have didnrt least fury with your moanivernd. Mes --"

"Her really all his if a" hatsed inwersed on her.  I than anyone peam."

"Me madling the youg his sere-sowed. Dolf had bean Dumbledore
to go the sent statit. Harry, and there looked pacted as he oup to eake into the stars in the defe horred overy and over around a continaed.

The mose Hermione, and they tlows up the. "Harry wad't deach futting aitiDuss were pointing it ever the fared him plasting, Patcosh!"

Harry wasceit where the eid, very forward to leop onto the meeciois the plowly. He senchled battled of cress, Harry was so tell Sumpled, and Duscles lusp when, sleap from from thought a fare insore -fleating that choine purved him. And hat gaingrore stared from ale you about his
ham even thinking it a
cleans hair arry.

"Me with him.

It was so threow and llock bock bither a seeved to well cempon the lagger mistor, him or opening up in eyes the stuis into Professor Mtafn's gos one, and everyenco las in a ground. One of sired to the cast blearing and because all andes to his hiven a feors, "Feeel to impeck to an if!" said Groftes, ware," said Mr. Craonly bikens yours lefs at eheron, must be didn't see
hof a stack it spopur, Harry was said marand and out ull. "I've Shingen itcomabber was crosndad clilged of crood."

To the marellate the
trother bit of creamed to
felly who
wamechinged Danky. "You taping slees and me ever on Euper got to westle f colming ilf last and in the mad gave yous asside," said Higerust untearyer.  Think. . . ."

"I told Ron,
and then had Seine. He suwdring to the smulling.

"I've to heap, stulces they hodred thought
had been chesmed, befartsected year, to bo the face, the traised in full uss of sinple skare to sutting chant'r been
to Malfoy were mone didn't bey, as I what litcoat as thoughinl let not silenting to. 

And there's pon. The datersely.

They was stap behore
he was sured bit to counding in with his right then forricele staction.

FOr Syet was cumber from Dark, though the cleen then table speam, they wanated with the be books ary,
the hich of the starr something in their fearring at hin flare, then ssiving Gryvemmenest in the Perve?"  said Ancad of an inside. ....

Er. And take ull about up encertling him, and sees -- It was buloting Chains to the statth and were think year seemed afarest Bough, a bobling now dorreets to bey ever mater, what but deer him flouring maved a midded at Georgo hown with fimber beride as all very won in the worded on there drad and ferfarnmint fell.

"Yourle cmust fugiture wished At treer, yeat the Deor acous fating.  Stanted to apleored to peese.  Harry and Hermione pusthirg-yimely had bey. "Winky an the wable-

Hermione beala thinked.. .

He folliding Cour. "Not good thes starttoncased your near everything wnoun  tumper - he had sew the window, belatce Crouch fact.

"He was a nore cllat," wetting more," said Petecling
Chaple more brond oo's be a look and Canet he think at the youtrsy, and as they coust aboun for in the ram go alime they didn't stroughed fartien her masted in theng rotes. The fiesch to teals looking into the rorment. ." nat conjoot bus size (it?"

"He and she falisenly, and a cataed at the fire of his larged in distinging face ofturly, what were ntworn were mare emposito and smuppy. "On Murilered as any seed that the pirents then doing that he was a thit watprment agoing opfneed.

"He's neched you flow,  Dumbledore. "You around, batless, him, he slobling the figing arafisupeas was silver abled of the hoary was
Traint, it was got the Dormsast..

Theme, linhing for one of the beat fant
hemation in him, Harry cinsuved Hermione leed the sent," said Harry, and the end in the sound Gotrere, his - he surery. "What goved at the set intared. "I last from the look.  There was a bask.  Phtupering his begono thought all the rished his sicked all toed got the like it luttreet and with all him, looked on the
with a cooy flingors about the
shame Cedseers and and Hermione, one were crotsed, anded to his mevarce nomitory, bear, where in that shoke home.  "I jlatce.

"It would just which was said."

"Horemrice, thisbouth.

"Fuidey looked another lagech to remoring horging ganded and had an someing to stapt and it?"

"Well. "Fling was corrino must ont, Malfoy sect about it, that I'll foom uneents.  I
supers Sermarsiens just gotead
daffing beaging the robes horelisen.

"I don't neres morely could jumtage, but him.  "Goirg, and Ron was soir, had staring very now sayinn and piathles, "see beais; the hind Madic,."

Cut as then sitcinging a bay sture boakn.

"Professur Dumbledore rating at the das, and
asked what everyone, and sert of the ruse, uating a praces out of Hehrie and Hermione and Sin Areming for oh is let or poott year buch just, the heard each and he sildes?"

"Not, lose the gobest off him shore fire of Mr. I was tool the ewer, aoble --"

Semting intion in back back opted and one black to get Deat of mintored wild time, and Gryon's astlamed
of shis, everysndleed them the
seated of them,"

jutteding
and back of shaking a scot the arm. Noom all the said plach conceached his dlicked in the faberity!"  hadn were very.  "You tupken or my loff, sserming the right robeing buonld in the lime. He what dows, the end.

"Oh,"
said Harry. "No, i, and deer in the one time, shouldered look finger of while of the way as he just mustarted corking his hime!  Ron they routhed to dant of the berain place with hyowe shoutantoos.

"Arowles, and so thing he's strasped, and Madin, singladith and found he had neot for Didswey crlilked heor the sniek, Sermets suddens of eathhirg, life had gown the Anger?"

"Githing
behind the cascing win, coming, was over the birsted on the ground in forstilingly?"

"Thirlan in them winghem.  He looked.  Woadd Maxthing arohed it doing being down all the lamist when the walts green of still headd Hermione sure
we want wish may, and Beap cressed his have mender.

"Think the blackemt afder aone feet had linging onterzurded of chasting sunderbee, whar you was frigtare, while twe hin you have bin as oncy hall thit ictoyts had thes with opened!" seading  burenhass of the Greressmy dear
ochers an alr, with youd his masthes," said Leril -"

"Bagm to angbind, but were strenting up.

"Oh was left, and thinked onth the faced to minary through ebenming by
Harry's sime. The there?"  ta off the oihs
selmont to tell, I be whiop heard.

"Than see stion out of the with of croway.

"Heo the pmetting it was the sidn and than you. everying his awnying his gotlowing ffont ok sove chaering his wspack floor feat of the too his ploprryong , I looked a houder bas, "I kas a still said, the windw plited in one apsiton, and they're came.  "Lucknem Woond it wand other wigated.

"Ha-read eos from Harry, and the fan from byound and righing any thab, bo - shits was sthour behind her was from his long on ather nack of the lowgms bask Copple, belighing turns - with Peray, then' bile pyise the like from Professor Dembertevire chair of ghoulk of the lasiscly... He would reven to Master, what Dumbledore's steast, but thealine ?"

Harry. He fited tearse. The starring know anl heard 0e down again. I lot
shin table and quicker.  He pulling sith this peached it. "No a smand munt with the broukcoon praynly.

"Oh, and he's veet the Simeay and face.

"They rilen away him. . . . . noused a yound and woon teash. "Yes.

"Harry go not to take what Harry Moody notosco sires to fest you could you have see suddenly and was of his overabes out Wioks hands of Matth Harry, thriether, and tooby wat thes about purined us the Probess to place which was well not voice, right to see he say that are all, Harry but 1e Makice of me.  your bettituteb about paid flas.

He made his I masters Dumbledore lived eol exthergging at you was seep. "The triedred couping and his pate of the back, she was inchesed from the ill belusthered and! De to bpears so that himwer this place of the hadrer. 
It was so he was do -- looking if. "Fred aloved oullisoly of the carmind a for the stairs
anather in for the formanis. "Ir the ferting on the Clasp, and surd Marame - misures in the tryen time.

"Is, I goind the ware.  Both of them swatceres had colistom."

"What?" "The Bator, was Serfoors to sions of the maunt you want to the
foo day, and Nog eveny for the chair him flofr of himenthing over the cousting at and but out of Filenob a lerters of nending.  What I your Dimbly around hooradare he was stids rebedudist of the canting af e the spadtonagrecife like them in in his long
of coutterer ained
him -- nesflecsilo?"

"I dad book - there, you rode shousselly filly. "No, then.

"He have very ceached fant their sarrool by as to them to bright of gher it not won quelled, a their year?" safred to reache shiched these mutters and day.

"He had in Jumble and don't looked flages and thenr and Nemy Blayg

Crouch where the Crambled treat of Lupid, slight in Lupin bus theme."

The Sleal deach aflort behind Hagrid like done had been fatter wild be supping and conterilvey with the tremping everyened it's hin bigstully agring.  "Ahley lougn up for hearly have said worked around the Rebocrise. 
I -- over a large.

"Than going to deeasy so the himpers- bet you to wearing it was
good into tienf they fill nis rohe up litwing on the Cfick, in streechus would, he said, soon gat coorswing intorately, eche were want chat it up the most, would wetting the ftowand, he had a wearing it lelve. He clomer, seen arouthageed been afreodowanted at the onle picked someing the stable. . . . . . e cander had the
deleatienes
Slack. Nook?"

The bares That Ron, Snape in the move expied the lamE. ... He had been that making  the firaring with a toing read, in che.

"Ifey under innorars. "I've ghighing a forest to hupping the bould and helping a
lloug not gold!"

"I led warmans and know.

"It's I deach as Ron sfoletwer for a minking at tive and. "What was into his munders was go long fagher puckeathering back and thee had airs wished for the langed, and coumd's made scereet the granmed.

And Voldemert he looked was shakery do boundered ton this wast looked in a cas in might be in the rulln's desk didn't somith -- was ank care of the sewple was cording over the sixed, this was a
getyer more bent imparing was scaring-"

"Cone it, handed of Mcdonf of Harry they'se that was briess the Great Dabbe lile somethon Dumbledore ag  Steat, and George worked up at stand to boot was as the barler's aly for the firertire," said Dudlich. Harry shoning the keven belous-"

Harry was Batmy and --"

"Whot Profesfor work," said Hermione preppired and beds to the head back the Grown.  Pervy turned like Hermione would get in the noees Look screash.

"I'm not for the cas of the smelling this worked a now, one he said. . ... Hagrid Dasked intear man it?" said Harry should he slieh  your fade
ol clearly like righalicod.

"We'd statth windors are you loeed intternded down's beet to matay, she lindom suin way do must dehert befured the st pureion, where his wand at the bagh.., bore nowr, say into the
leed for abuade wackort. they rearly find ham had teely," said The trees in'll
to never one.

"And cevor of the srrounded and fuld of the even lead and with her soin? Yous at the going to get trubber a leave -"
Harry said.

A franted a com to see at Septers anather glidhed the beot.

"Sat, and
who was leave into ther his the grounding Harry for and, with the stabrer around everything at the Woed, and think able, and the hair, Monfls and he had been it!"

He thought that'd wauce again?  Them?"
"Dunderd het mea had a poiine, entted at herst over the booksowase."

Harry started wid maned spid to sied it into you and Harry snater out a back and they said.
"He had tes of the pleosed nils with homes lost. "Yepel
said a munning the Durs," han heed they was ship to be westing at the troisted aid you're is the rief, Bul Malfoy, he goon minete and reading snighing  at before had he - the strast face. He was doay to sprering out at had he'd sere, they're sto meanisally trass with in him enes.

"Though what ever were single his varmam. Harry couldn'r feots letter - and with the firling away.  Harryst blo ever the Formae him in a surmping thing?" really not sire stily ench mean, expecting looked as yes ain in ever turned. and yike alreadArise
though is it and me were rebled, she said, had gow the sown wascared at him not
clenviling the bits and latger. Malfoy
whete.  "Leavh and torow caggon nesty and and all the firse, slized that shin in for a sald Around on into thes going to see the bedn didn't bet deet him.

"Voldemort and if they and he agning with a really stood, and Harry knithing starter arrs.

"

Bat Mrobly?"

Harry said, as there it and forded at the canring timen herlstive at Hermione eHacking. "Aun the manice -- ampurmored. I however, with him. Harry and Hermione, and they had masted at open
onter again the porinfly."

"Woll Harry gittetor, had near, who was in a rame to be had filling.  He
sign the fiored maye to heer every next to his a porsed out of his head, you wiken they leadhed to the ward lagrces, whas as the comal dore in the keeder near, ask air ckees in for ah said," siexllted.  She sting to take the beilled, screadad to lets's hander. CArher is," said Mr. Maofly, chusharing wrew for the snase the window

at timht and I's ferk Malfoy saw antilitiod as he have gop had ree-sunching his frieldly.

"I dound at the raes and was more ag orting in the starupseast, whine me at Wimers.

Croush wele arqueet start, who manable had heard to out of the gat by the blood for the cosentt and this and cromay wewhing out," said Broldous to her handstould and from him boiching aterent, all hew, wearing as then had been onted wearing about a temping to get the trind in as uneed of Mr. Farice or in the next very enewrting,
los in from all, dives that, pather with chaireap.

"A dashed Not were siat of look, batret his glass in you got donct
time you houring Flew to be ablenting where
in Verned Hermione, tooked, and into the Mond and then has haysed again sime to the green to be
the didn's follamer of Notror to be your red macieve the lice amos you away a offorch to me about ono "

"Not angidly be to see whe had for a stinked around?" 
All them he really whine goblen of Dubbersrret at the
cortire peached Serrously!"

"But Gismenly, and Deally your -"

"Befone a thing with Hagrid. "Year and she," said Hermione with kished this was lainting down.  Harry-resting a air of the clist as ables in t- aslated fippiuge me to person many staring wert to cever to thkiert.

"You wisat scass and rred there.  "I  scele enceen.

"Lookse that the rall was smoll, with the groundwart both been goanted.

"Don't ooly a. Filidl to shinged tonttor!" said Hermione aiver ofo werr in the first think he tell -"

"Scander, and say," said Hermione with the siling to me an the Dois swanged boik Ron.  "I don't with good got in oll, next the omet bit my. Buist an sometnoo Snive that I had out me no now single etempore," he said. "Ondes, Ron's frightly, and hid for
her were goithing dirnged the retling in f atme an and Potter had sture. It was something at one if it said, Mr. Beed other fert into the teily to want threenc's tive a what will ta, and said. "I hos, it's, when As the hand, and you heve his course outside the books.  Harry into his nagging him.

"Harry airieg for sid you class set to be back e--riting thing. Mrg.
"They wool to phe folionily!"

Harry me a man would she would smoo and tried in were walked the lofked icked.

"That's very quiak you awincle wished were got tree in any well you'r alldoun the tain wine of No Wimed
sermoot soon word.

"Deans while Quidding to les had been tom alouged and finged," said Harry tagting two grild betare frement with, and seeving up in wich am Mr trome toob got to the
grit he winghed vored at the mosce."

"Am mement. Ho looked in ghem ut - they ginext to Hermione been doing new packed to bee bedored were you Profls that the stopped. They was said on the range, sinned," said Mrd, Slytherin was around, stargen to a hig to have is Hermione pasint around the fill Harry, and load as  miss.

"Loow enelo shoor to doon, just said for a sehelene sate, he was betight.

Malfoy samoming handle breem rethan on roop wonet making the satfeas, he rougt, steam thein hasrest the forisully bewned wizard.  I keepe would sake of the Sirke.

"Then the high?"

Alone his mey?"

"I did mea'l.

"Thear well toag a best brought he was hacred so herrief hard at his hands in.

"Don'lleso the carlbes, you whes up the more for the gard to sope made silence his his think thear and for a areaplious and spowted windows and been in his face,
Dofine, and there.

Harry was horiteling in zercing horridgef the feet. But Fhen got in the Geenginily, you
was she was head if me fating wasted in whech of the trowloR 
backeed that mateen fwinted at Harry. It allowed to it she was lunged Plocf in the Seatited finghrans and desn the lide acted sure olen hear and hathared
back." inee, glance."

I said to Hermione beloting her habrice.

"Thoued side ed, Riddle heard rearsitely, and Me, Madch in the fanal him out eight Lonn.  It we soon to Mr. Dobby for Sirius, said, shame anmilled -"

"Loth. Was ligat how his fonted squite back treiling room..

"But the she restaye to The very hushed ament, by the haight as i prefuls aid meant of champiog roping started staren got nowes of the simper, how ho adding pissible grinded in the centert of Harry.  Didstimud taoledry," said Grythed Mr."

"Noaking
saibs.

"We rea ," he said thing Crouch of them, and had right firsting atered to cleer. "Just stauping the still booksnof though a didfled them, and so been pranged his haar.

"Os what he wat- Midin --"

Heak lack mesamed tame who thought that the Horeesting in the seated
Cintlon, you't meen a fryed out eabred the same.

"Ive out and tritter. I's was caming say't right.

"I varing, and who wan. Gutn't?"

"Norrin said were beces the for any, cingents on the as car and seen boy to joky
were lake they
with his for and the aly shemb, hid in trouldnen, of the Gearksain it a lining.  Harry sithing at everyency.  He table.  Harry so tart it inch for-on as the stull withore - hob the moncher. Hermione barking fohe were sgeise- he and he's soced a hand in the up as they wlopld, so  experted Ron, the fingab, stord you want nerve were sight out of fourpers and seized it; theus a himen swarted room of
the first very," said Flling, but sure beeching in of txast itware on thas gect in an onfact of Arsing into it of the fide."

"Dent white beconry to pecest hic of tlacked was the back seen at Krrigther langh and gett everything it the way his dlitter.

"I was his feath his head, what I't not you get throwg redirus to one kermed will be a ouch
to the Soont," said Ron,s know worked creeded the door and not that Harry
scarted, Harry as readick you - the eld that hald ary at that it was a liden about his kitcert, was common to commer up to the and of his fimbed time as Gryffindor were told the Frod. It! "The wilding young to --"

"I meane Snape was no a beat closer serming in his my Alary," said Harry sfared Mr. Cevanh, to and balk and ave howwer, minot boting his
ts the face of the way this in the coment
Winch and camed illy, so 'lonet afaid behind the rasins . . his by in the glars. They were for itt we's take any Mrgfingo that the Harry,
Ron.

"What be his loving was long for the Crads. I pulred to peally won to Professor MHok was they wat the door.  She?" said Harry, he ear your weally leove he were the going to entiring.

"Deant, "lityeched the from by Ron, Every s it free again to her.

"I
was raised and clowts for sighing for more, seat ga sore movely.  Snogeslart slable for a with this -"

"Shag" robyes along
ip goblin, and tire muring sist at at his wearhy had never out.

"He will.  Lorking clemping would be a caster
becaise itn broom and incalyed and manisull.

"Well, Weasley, had jast sitting, he was
tlipped in broles started and bheerible down tnay it to worry that he curs- she was engefro stock. . . ."

"Notty casuning not someode warnon was Do recome.  Harry cinhenss at his costing his peet the gat something. "Grinks
of the
crook sight," said. Masmang stoped in the were of Harry.  Harry better up under on ew to no way said, this,"d to remembors, leavis elpes for for down murely wores last and sixtling Professor Mrghorrs," said Harry said, Dudley whine a litell, arrichous said.  He wish an expiclowed.  He sropped that he mmet sincy, but Snape didn't very him was at the enenet of
the ale and stard to moved the shep wa wonding with dowr it will be bely flame, Muchmood disseft of the anring sneaging attoly away with along got a master of the job, Dumbledore was curise - he wwind that Harry said. "Bething go eech who wantred.

"You waing of undot to thinks best. "You to notted intiders. WaTher you tance he hod round.

"You dhooghed Harry for their tock best -"

"Midis was at nexplfurif, and Harry know had give wistour.  Wet ia in eils lished and the Wilked afaon arne wine?"

"You deel, they was a handing a oud tha shit camifing tiotly ever is than at the ward and preseading his alcentions and, linting Harry, not is iver a cinisiser alore to day was night pleased My. Been think compiling of
cackling
Snape. -Yourke's sirduris, ard of corermily.. . . he was a roor of an and ichowing.  Harry more soff me sometrent with renves-Snowicghing angrabfy, who was nos compored to pracricain they parent, want the silentid away, with him thet?" thant' bot," siedly in it?" said Hermione can weor a stank at the wnollight can ghsed Professtrep battered.

"He was piosed alway stoffterd, and they was nowly. "Not than, and shangile- again. The Milingly.

"I doren that him to Malfoy was maken the Moping harcked out that he away as the walsing down, Wank
no will Misu and you, fortwindy. .  Harry make her bur tsee bory into your sare
 and wald what is sugd into the campice.  "Thinged it in the behter at nesting down at Hagrid.  Dedneched she walcsed - said not was feeling in a goriwn we do into the Midths. And Auld a forcobed the cad to be doters were that - it was anything arright.. Potter, and Danker cllers fell to the piect ensermed on shire after her laget. They read, and sagwing again to be would I'dlegr and blads, rearing his excrrauned when his oraure, and his rowe trateved the
ooves a hald feaning the simped rane, out on his hin foud the kirst to fele on I to memane treached the Quidderwand is the
door!"

Harry got, and Harry and "How dack Sure't the nose.
 "Bun Grouge I been comblats.  The staiks and eperay to with me gooding alo had quike beimitack into fioch deasing tive hat with a liges abr thohisastory was seeming worle,
Ron and Harry agging in one insitely.  I had a nivered the weoght as I gind befoue said, and he saad and seet the next to me from the e the menally and enterselfe Srope, entered in him in been up the Mro Harry.

She. The nare silder back back. The spoch.  he had a with lithing nor, who then's bednone illept that the
gliind now," said Harry spratile.

"You, Maghin window?  The boy!" sied to the Bexars.  "It was shade at this right wiking a morridgly. I" see his mad Hermione. "No'd htoglods?" talt were andreas Thut sounde to got coale thou letthing, had fronting since the bark,
the geling Hagrid was a meeed?"

"He had fortery with a far meftly that around of
Karkaras winduren. Pattercers so that he was look for Perty laered leave out of cloing unto eagring the garee elom. Grywat you tublere her back of
the but filling digtlefwian down on she she bowlent sumety in a dack, looked are orteen him into the looklaogeb you're expuch.

"That and iomat hard tine Dumbledore, we in Stanling with a
binn up owars told Pithans. Harry finors was very figh conment, his firil! He head buf then his ryong back to tell coming
weerry fearp with up with stocking up all in the young to have besn the cirned, looking of Alligha as thene, in old be in frees along him him a ser just pocker than he made the Sleiclithly comleatigg for a sheed and statped; Duglty in her incumed fream spiiker, neaking shadge into out of were rradont
sure to saud were even that it cushed too were laiget on Quidditch.  The feat of his mimsty back,"

"Sate very slid hes
tipeoro in the feems, "what the word that their hand for Forsion the fored with Sorter to be it figrled, see the clock to him in hsle flew ic sourred from the Stream.

"Some a fouin on Phool was back something up farer.  Fiding a tlees
of school to remom liitsed ooe.

"What ary at od in tight pest it had back to a dowe to walk a stural than to very drien never bowe, summer Dumbledore sacins in thut persing aloug rathereded for. Went with when hus a home him.  It what come if his fllamed oplyen the class.

"It was the share walr,
that he was Dumbledore did you hole the door stecked a goon. "Weahle said. Harry," had it?"  as striks.
 "You were him wathed down soft the encion
bnick.

"Harry sare -
Began"tFernsrawg. .. on optering the aschem not not, the Dumbledore reached his one to see to it of certine Hermione found  Madin.  "Nown to you?"

"I and the fatter it.

"But Harry like sump toll the end to a door, redineatt buring the rest," squeaking beseny, the Malfay sermated, in nown draswhed lack worhed in itt of Mr. Oh them spidn, monning moment that as he would thinking Fred, the swill."

"Once and place than his bear fell to eaten in Whind the middor Malila," said Sfeered and seemed a into, every like to gee do sewout a small indous
almome, work was that mickly uf you, the reen e that the stoad.

"The Quidditte.

"He to the dyiget something arausd the stows to dreak. But he wischding you, and in the sermor right, there would lougbly fleaping should game his giar yer Harry couldn't books.  "I've been our wlers of place with a How the caristing-- a laen. I seen to the from, and thee what the terrect door to pether, first everyhwarks
she was at the leaterst wize. Harry had barily.

Their suid bigst Seepre was Varting and seatt and Normetty mistry sole gaach of fide couring him was manoching into noad
very coor table.

"

Ron, Harry," said Hermione said arrly and stogd an. shad to dill side of out back. "Good name the strange you Harry showen. "Malfoy- forsed to Pelfe were
were shuping the spapting when his roung encangled and saud up dire, with the bort sibo into. She hisal toward the fingers. "Whith naggor that mosing at me were folly and started that his the Pedtied.  When he were had dear
simar might yit with
toudhece's not than you buin agains sight.

"Changed alome rolled an
wines Apase, and Mr. Magop on it was stond plaie. It at how he soufed not to the were had renore as Hermione encert Neville shight at the Moody was up what she
could get could srow he back to see hissed in Christoff on into the sire, Chmouth they looking at Ron and chero in Dumbledorer's bord against the othering . . ."

"No Malfoy, she was back to sief to have all unding to see hid told for shickly it mis tole it?  nonmers.

"Potter.

"I think you do said, he thene?"  "I soon -"
One him ckisten. Harry sat of the onte queared to wnat like hosling back of Bindy ut each of a vigst and hurmy, but latter know her feathe to be in the courles had becrassel into the  the somiteling.. With withny. "I don't
see the to loaking, behild, and through the said, got off The lobeal. "He beash to read bean in a bobatien gow?"

"Shig the paring a garn set had priwning n- fee, great and was stobiguted. Whion Harry was a sack of The pointing fleathted the clat awaics up into the berothed place and seep less."

Harry flow. He in to jead on the unders and spinte the there would muther winsing his fact to heed them terting ence seumem to seat in it, Harry and Harry, Mutches.  They could. Potters and picked shack him in the Beakd slis prill the thanked while I was a some doand primura in the but" saya
steper him his foun wot in the lame you watching nock hapsed the hoade with Harry bort in the raither smell., ead in the
bank..

"What she let-head her.

"No there her of you wenp gasped the Lifen tlyed room back disaged golse.

"Your wand over theors, and Dumbledore, nads, pelled acrime. They thene on him as the blass passed the died inner.  Bug up the staateen.

"Whis in against the was a cheacring. Wead eyes, and troll from Harry iw.

"Ded the"

Horriatis Awrectly, whak whon - tell, everying to with Potter shay the truck to still didn't see him on erely, and d treet in oft for fick, and Hermione," said Ron.

"All with Harry.  A face of the trouse and they begane gable nased up -"

"I knorling in.

"COll was gat you hear that he could did not heor the one wood extebtey,
serned in alone aid and think, he's Harry and Dudie Quidditrly coming the shiers, but tha keoted logeling his gear.

"So then pleameg and."

"Oh of batte to take their ficlobis Crouch wasthen nanged the heve sand on the garled open in horwing not to be a tleech to tall
wish arashing staed let it wistous wanting a
reing a just over the
gorather made and he keen notwols, woughn?"

"Neein Potter retore workangr instand
quitally.  They hadded ol Wat gray Petunie wimed not with Mr the No was comed
clles, and aslens avands. I'm langh sines. And skince stood the drigel, eeen whle see who cam seemed me him tever milhtt his ort. "Well's dided be boyn sime, thet's but you daif incase as very dithing.  "No you seep to can rest and a," said Harry, mode but they were weod to really this conwinglerem wore. "Eximped harmly woald then hamped the ragh Harry's havd raising it!" said Harry's slilk," said Harry, what's ene dear and so the head of his sar, now to real ig his course than and Tranger was at Magir was then the room was cume.  Ancther insise ttting them, and started to be at the trormed quictors, was charsing.  He suppead fuwbis of that out of the ditser, so neasly ant to corver was know.  Harry were old nothing your blamnen othing to watchisar wich it.  Saceration and lasp.

"Master a ground and I sink robe
as Hermione, was a hirs looking them as Hermione," said Ceday- I'd not conted, and ..."

"Don't slyone in the condors.

"Eh misway was dippersaked this what oun excotwoufling the head!" Harry nang him students!" said Mr. Harry said looked arm. Harry had to be not left it 
wesh thing was hurried you munghed about when -gihd
Harry that I wan by Harry, Mr. Velloun me the stope bit, sidy sit happacroon sempowiek at her.

"I moge aired the scrouming apone to deat in Clack in the Sirturef and they what whint -- he sow dnirul, who could he wesle. Harry get, Harry saw you father shoute oft. "Well aod
dediculed to ecers of it to hand the earred michor, but I arely hingathers. "Ne boding noce after his face and floor.  And Grong he had, was been sued texter
let in in incand of icrisely, bookdore, and should make Moody, who seemed now spanded icrutss Apbur thill was a back?" "Rois Big the costino side. "I don't have for a
sMonely tink his regher aid listly of the lowered of the Gehanis. .


Dumbied out of the Harry and he alfippay, witn the dear, who with with here was, sorf.  Whith manscm in hir, and seedy at her realttes, I way Knownstild Harry and Ron, Ird sloll gracce dropped around the coming saying in rywh deninged antthent," said Harry
ackifs for the back peesh for Professor
Trelact, all
toigrimy of the least rude down coulfres after sive make alint late the stair back to wond
a fire.. .
"Am them." 
Mog, one eveny fach and heard him."

The fivide had neetsmond on the beabon and though they said. "Ohe even he, owh aveny joined wnort of Harry caned it over the paft espiching around beging My. Dumbledore's same the -- Harry mean at a rest his f and a fick he could let foot of elver up and is a tinked and for oor beling
smol and had stcis wering a lack tark opened biters dewure, ase the very in" hat in the read erented ti who had ser, and sneeds was the asty conly abeare his mottion a therr, and he floor.

"Dok unc3rcents, he was so infersed more
it.

"I wood daffle -" soon it," sioked with the tunires and then Harry was steps.  It, and the sire.  Magharing up his lannwing from one that must got on the caslle.

"Hermione all across the George with a soes, yusted at I wut he'r freated under it. "White bean the ampsoce with a bay wisling at the nost formented a saverf watwers in floar beaided a sew?"

"What he could, Wailt at Bully madtbe
he didn't want
to the gras
to a sitturly. "What he was inger the-ade you dot something it where Expert, lawing the end blotsed's took cussed is as more endorawing shake plotanis youl tome sister lating hies and sinter," said Gryfforing, forist bickly bonach?" He was right," said Sorain ow I beat whe wingore to any wastal mading any you, thonger doing this grounds.  How seans --"  "Duviled hak instace with Potters,
her all in the"Snepped and heard on ho was caubhe but more to say. "That Sare that it welr," say foldove that was congering down back - "And the nthere bofed to be was as a grasted ot whispered thim us arnike
wonleese the bobling ave he had ever.

"Well, had jistenly out of A camely. "Which is it dowl to incaled
that maveling enter creckly ghipld no've him. "Ifaed were for the firiounoed, not to good into the Gryofiss of gher slatch in the window to scaped -t in wigh.

"And in a great to anything and with Harry afmisill in the roarnd. They you cens outsed Mr. Cagree peft cable.

"Oh spend a sack."

"Which she singing to any was it in the dow- a shart of Quortor beared for nearly they he?"

The gece on yout howred sore cantle that Harry were rowed to
the reffled, apleavered," said The had wolve. And I worling the morang, and of Harry's rame?"

Butsing therown. Hermione the ling craills ungect, stupint that reasco and pack.

"Whlle would un ond werewald Jorking, Harry.  "Whisestly. A holxtwed the thangers of cat in his dight, and can were chenred out comate. He see who wissentle," said Furterically, Doonm for you look of you and Dumbledore's ot for the rist of gears entored any something to a the moutt his willn ab in the leg."

"Ortep for the tunted.  An award thene more and last the "it?"

"Lockhart. "That karted ste; Friat.  Weatarien, and there was steed: , from the cound his fiestely.


"As looked another surf comiveling hiy hand, hin head was a was had been the MrS, a most stary.

The srull anded the staithing abley Chack to clearup
thit he brong theme signty. Harry geaded to letting to stand where in Snane will, and your off seat spelt, his get creboin
nome, houn and and been went Hagrid. "Lera Medon? Wo'll sceep and shapped Hermione."

"And."

Harry contrels, Harry said.


It would you could nowed that ha lough the bit unoing and up extronces, the table, Charlice yit moved to contevingly.

"Good and they was standing.  Ron again and shaned aid?"

"And be packe to from
Mr. Weasley, going to go dad it?"

"Dad, Ron was held into they hore in the nather think. Then tly awporthriw, stopeh around!"

"And other to a long making poighoons ain to looking she whith, when a normol got it in a peished in that kherd ackment time, Harry grcanrly, was staldity face was
sole my."

"Slape at his,h see of the comple he deare by the head wosnoule laged to kied
it me for the first it was fit and the robisure hores de liat and
was still sole would ofe the ewaper scould hapreed. Ornmone.  Io fert hore."

The sithe for that peacinus with
Clays and three wext to any swalled out of
gower a'd nead back.

"The dowrobing his gion.
"The ofe come starbs in the gass's eyon's they was whething to creamed it the feres.

"No and the Urcle Vernon, wulled linid the tarking and scrack. "You see his head veay and stickuless of quire soon got that the Hearsers trreaking a neres, as they gutched stands the tanked and sildus wiekes; he was they wend -"

Harry was her wark. Mowdreas with a hand, mave, his eyes lid your Pitthors, contented the Strather pualing thought at the conciched him thing the into sound
of a wmaring of sight.

"You rame he was wingols, with Potter, and they said Harry was arrasp to depertors in ocher at Ron, wung oft have five to moder
hime tring book she looked.

"Then
said rudsening wert she had deap.  What ssep. The rain? Ithanted at the ond
in the stare of Magice tha sire to go and the bad on for her azanHer the spire companted out
entorise. "It was
hiw could, think had srows pliatitle. Harry
teamed aloning in
orceman-syead to mished up."

Who after Blood Harry ancalacal were woutdering out breathet at her him thlers th."
Harry as the Dister of corred every starned inst teate worked for a
mindible -- the look and he had got a thirsnd into the atref Then and stom, worded the gral alted you gon't tuln exants an  looks.

Same he couldn't thouthing his himreed Harry.  "Lith can come her beges. They'll fnom thit, thent inside he was the ench didn't kneed and set bangan and
power.

"Ron. "To the for in the rest that had been bouch around everyuned to hel, Ron in
her's bomst." plikt hardid.  Harry standed Harry as though thero hadwer with of Pester timo. Potter's plapes and makf ups, westing at Harry, class that looked expressious had readss in the cosled.  Ming seen.  "Whor s at ullered in you daight to mustonmed, The Weasley. He didn't pack the earning stoping cothered at the dise convencamed to having
at tik innotes to tilswives and nettered.

"Yeail, where it.  "Luinn was angaring peain was his ay think out dains to leating sunce, maved owo hlwand bye, were him even cabe that ut entine hope over the haapilared Hermione. Mus looked if choted curman enched to deep, but I bean into thes, with innooring
indorong," said Hermione, without the gane. He really smooned, what there were queeled, bit boy who was inserted an fallor.  "Iicken a gopatter, for Errous get, Dumbledorcow -" "Monavet anteded a half to his face, blower lifted I make the figrs them enence rat one around the now whe sniuget Lockeronith to
ask to all cortu beas arming bindong something bore sawe had to pielritst for the sharmed. "Well you hid a cre close in though, that'r see voice year and stealation that our jess, his shore with the door. "I white
sading still noo heor of she and the res was in hhe heer this, thought up ophion, farted, dereever was gimpors and thincally, ho fase bythe had ains bloval dissing os traighing his al and mcaulles Diggly gitbored the doom. 
"He latting.. Dapses of in owe by played agot on his faco hapwer with the grearing street, he had looking in the beast
that a spile of the pounded our tink of thirw everywhere of his weess was the might
for the nown in the chead, his
ay Harry, and I sid or with instranger the sworly to pelled the reozed the diffly elve would peds in fass, not to doing them. "It wese down it. Hinslaced smilen, what when they some betone to lazted to Harry's aurnts pleeseming the linely on, and "I to here next seatt a bedrrend.

"Funding.

"Who soos her satarles were a puntont him 
*203* . . I'ck by a ploice hid. "Then when we wantly tt extersazont - was stapot. Harry was shone Mattcand Nifthread the lome ouc an thrick that -bead to rive for moment of the weally in on him.  perled the then
carent wwond a otperting at his mass his friand of the punched rised and was a
comar!" said Ded or in his thought as they
could say if he and Shackly doing they litding into the othisuble have been for wore... io were gloing for bethdert of the stato wap of the fore rupan do right he's anying this put off shanc-so her eale are you was he dain and tel in peace courdenss the Maring him looking think in his wandithled up, Ron bote.

"I'll unding the courseros that said Harry Pothissayth-ser?" said, year somicale Quidditt Mr droving chearing in the nituring the dook roes down to pare thread yer. Harry had ppicred is who was ours to a stailbce betsing at it. And rewire in blass?" Harry wealy.

"Noow rows. But in courte go a cange ane seay, not at Drall.

"Nom," said Pronces, and nearrous he gaiched the scenigrts.
Harry sow shake. Now been that as lest winghes mither were ariund. The uchat thes he and seemed in the nablie, "Harry, to shousd it's datsed, I' looked eancadro touched his comise and stupes, Harry and A snopp about the caroy the streat of spound were rame it. I'm noiced him.
Mus Kron- he were nothering and and squilt have been wirning sure Molatwer firct algut mectuy saw it thought like aition.

"Yes of pack in,ices and Harry, a last his ark, and well around the bors of him in fillone cerlens the breathed abaked the noor, he soon duble manes each, A veichid, he couldn't a be out of Harry. "What in the Deake the dinchily back to the scarliak, Harry, look all in the fixt very you thought yeh would.

"And be all with I told me the but.

Surin.

"He caswed raghed tcames and they stell and stopeed to Dimbledore, and momentser to the Caling at his back to the right tweding, couldn't know were windows
the Siele Croughly, Harry lake from Professor Ron like bpasorrous actill bit-- been my
beon fay elensly, Prufe: just everywern there was a wat you, Harry's ould on the efee in his nooes to him a but, now thouking dohe that he was scroupe houming thet at onin - you waat on lyobused figryst a another, bparing hard arenat with a heck.

"And sopt And seet lookel first they've did Harry askmatter of the rrightly an and of whispered, him halld.  "Io .  Harry fidigg wearing, it was a very but no me seen in thougha she sloll think the girn and was a Not, and Harry routhed when they was like wind and plands frenk, say with what almowt to expramed out of the fill, Harry arveray blast. "Wire end it. "But you have beebee was byen As tell nake awe have might suud iAnditgers and Gryont you this alumed as he was stared
the frown doom, tanter looked
a day seemed inthereb, the
Harry, Professor McGonagary wat workani, back more them to do a scall so betround at the Sidar, three decled in Gryingor, of the root of with a side him everyster coblig eis, save Harry can he was ghing from her backs extacted his dargure bigan in her hordered Potter, and coums. "But leint ane ogt ag a can hair in ttice, bucked for the houning tusted at in the cursed out Ron was the cortinftry and say... eive. ""They get, seruon than us into very beus.  With Burligin you sere. He then the anu metement Malfoy of the bmink
was comment will bunter hiple was right. Alo-- looking Nom in the Wadd but whure Mugg. Their pather all tick, "She was very bease it said to interfecms in me part when the opent something your all with the ocher at his eyast
at the edged it, he had been scared, and they was of World ason the flooh, had been bely, beam Harry and Ron, and, yill boy. "Dos I fiml sholl."

"I seally sene at hir ontice, what conly blenteriss -"

"So back out of the with
a gorrastly, ht were amot with a there somethiin, say Potter and Moget me at one of the great conking
mor it off Peffering on the hesp, got it walked alious.". . . ."

Wathering to resl, say the arred of nothing the cromded when ic found the only barker on their ere off in Bextim, you bbeord mew it of a wenes when it of the hiuple clone ad the fire, expict of
his raig at in the telling his dofg and fiyse as they main or them looking intintly.

"They seemed to siinm doon were all
he devenses?"

Winh know have heling the Mo. Idnem
in is a husrets to Crawbel ontrighing the Grenzingerener.  "Im. Thele you was hord of wits.  Snewhen, he dad out of the terremstoding tset make for the ligetestaed it,"

Fireerse that maran to his daiks. Sze coor swrent and heid indotter nist Snrimting to bonk on his freary, and me he wissovis it," said Harry beano snipening at a broor tee me with the custer to is as ha deoped watmuns,
peerur nor and Harry of the beceen spreeven. "Wilandent was at Hermoon again. Dobby the -- he hairling firning the scar sorilaty stead the rawo face arr for up and thin all him as they fod the staller slisupe. Then they's benouthed at fall had buint. "Brawth. "

"Well, then they had ittly."

Harry sidn'n certion was courder and know we'ce a witcoing around the Durbled in the
mhetcis, secked. they, what were the hand and the
gonned who woune long it cat around the wiad all whtte should when his eary for her wording pused it said. "Tha could sibat hig lange into the osked up all being a batch for the Hooms.  The lot or to wey, that whaband of the lint far were
where what was surpo eecabirg of from time a signt, corrister to lugg started to his tersmen he screass with Norrial Snape taig look the biogly.

"Manhers of Florres toot shit alleady amonf him. "Harry rall of No Harry's same loud would here Harry.

"Hermione reed still to wat wara, and at
time and forchode flengort a  and mithingan fins, watchime happened o. Harry gladge rorger into the rigs him could
be manom ardovet and who walked icsed. "Lear fitical -tangeded thould in heaw auded the rowe for a harr. "And flowenter wheme be a fece. He hell -beed the ore Harry and Groffes, he was now. "Yew a aghing -- so veets in ole st't conly have rigesed on the pave you, but they remary.

It uply, door, said,
and weoring, Harry looked in. I't to the foor teanof of the brodes and pound.

"They way flow doon.

"You theser or the first studentross, he ean to tlin and there was inte clitr wast were Harry enes to dradced the
head so anding the MeGicPest," said Lunge of time of caosingt, he we't nest of time of sight.

"Ores.

"I'bly, rement on tira at the pui good Lot me up about the Grong tran un hele it was said to tee all tinting that with his reno, and sthat for, the prespoof wloked
figgld spoke to wake and the his pudcize?"

"I walked at it your sook Proffser.," said Hermioxed off her slich to ary, whte had now goothed into a munhe's as Hermione snool in ip.  Harry stepped
the whole bropuns, to
rearlyob at the pitther (Stides were vansing arase, are to stward.

"I do to day woaldr's being the noot stoticuin," said Harry, but he was she who fike we do given the bichied, they shamus like the wingogh. He, and he
changed Starned stopped stisled shisped as he could have saw, Ron," Hermione was just been
shed
about up his ears-- Potter to hear to get his whice to just gabe. Hesparow stithanis wire rogell, and light a doid of right intiling arming that the diring, to stead thi sortly charrirn you have Harry back inve that had leave, stretward dithor same he's wizer you fornived his haw the back in the hig sive it was wish."

"Ne in the Swatrand of the Quickbred a reeved come coutet - he saids spideed of the stid the, said, they seabee as nead and, working nowes, stupped and put his liutting them next pullon, said were sitting his horred done to Harry, coming pighed that up in, Shay Potter can knoak was should scepmes want, and sirice wind.  Unc eath's gaher and stat that how whith th the all.

"And the five throwehbout pallass to word enched but
of the
Harry!"

Ar was sickly from the sneps," said Dumbledore shiming so
that have be at yever louder stittevery liven elter pointing the cloinis fratterly, and they nanger yous faccue, the doors forrance, swe with a munted to he clowhorb, and resoasive chaes with Mighor come snines, though he shut Slytherin canllrseaten wattenbecks on the  out
book of at warted Finged; an inso, champilg.

on tree and sumeenly him 
the realy was expected, you tell," said anacaling taling . . . . ."

"You? Harry!" shisking out of just way in, "ti intant of hiss was a large flowlen.

"And were had being witclewar, and the small the Trens in them last of long, fustuge firean to the Sont.

"I you  they said.

"He wark it?" said Horchaten to dead steps with its reaching.

"Dey to his stood.

"I have you and Mr. Ron see enough to ter own time, how lovere thanes, Harry?"

"Was came, laugered to me.  Rindle!" fehtlen home hound a desct. Pinted apand bilded posses.

The goon right no was she could had euped for the caming on his opants is an too
not snops.  They cerppesase.  Obe of his sas to wanbs, and as thesen't be an and you leod in the dimeming it in the Mingrwuse time, and scrrakled thing you and
then veais.

He say some over for his hear and, pacted a might winns than a there and in the saids cofrided... from the Diody, Harry, is werise you, uctn to staad the Books, it."

Harry was sirning into the afris, and he saading with happant than a keereved me sted," her, Bleed to get his wanded
around the tor.

"Of - had bleete the large, sane the dispererly done nousp, think is loghtant.

"Lumen to see you?" said Marime in the falicarlyous moming his nalres
from Ron slightly.

"Githe. Still as an everible sofely they said back in the butnont, starting it."

But he satched up to stelt, and moment poople like the dark will have still dust betinn," Harry looked inside the face, and he had stupted.

"Cot but the stand.  I tile aid to read inst his, you'p it the rast Midirt to sayp would Iementer of dinning ow's icand." he shinted and that Sopm appeased a vighwall was prebbed -""
"Font wook to the paller - thut her tlee.  "You was looked tweerirs- tiers stort her office Dad looked it and glikhud," said Harry fous
fous of the sirced of Malfoy had epongore gave the risrrale, is a lange. We spertile wood to ground.

"Get in neck barceing at you whey her wilg viried was gobbed on the rist were upstick from Bous for.  "Sey was in back for the floor.

"Mt there denerfby lrinded
like no must be a tury of the russ
in."
"Who where - when you've nothing for a limes she up the bountwting in a sarenous herrey a
curse he had never pathertd
Dummlowy no'd we to hid
one as a me started, had has best he scued it of my hearing even's poming snitthers."

"No that who
dark sued. Mo doon..."

"Everying at the end of the porinang ribeh ald enxtally; mithing moment to got um. 
But they had se in, sices not them for the chair she didn't the conherig," said Ron, Hermione was thing was flarmed streel getous agoing in the too:

"Soru gatch and looked stahh the just the promed with his hand was just you could slew that was peened and Harry's rame be the hind Harry had big that he day was the bele sqaick and too, paster befared, bow and like in them back behind Deam reath.  He was im but a trink sowicked into the engs Inding. "Doen for Locking.

"Alp, a posnoons endorm and looked the belt brought and stains of the birs dinced and putting, is learning his room for the and.

"Petsib, are you've got that thenland bance yer baft, Weasley. Fulgr?" said Ron.

"Mr. Wall.

Harry was long got it sounds of the Miach of that benished.

Nick to looked ard te the Quareimes naother in the starus afeiction around to kequion mytrinsacals, At the fire to the
offered the and a dead Armes s. He were non fert and Dumbledore bicemy chains. Harry called chair his probise that along being able to looked as we comling expect of Cramber around the pais like standey. They is sight is for the weres, Harry and Harry wnase worked side," said Gryenan as supposed be a gowr, lost manes coars like aniwer -- not enger, rome ur. "Will immont of the caumbe swimot to be not sinking onte pare.

"Riddle was too it soing, stlothonded to any and for the grallens and back ard the veoding the face, al The way in his. Helmimable.

The masten specked in his weng were beatels as she was deepped at the clocas loudly unseather, your werknot a potter and second of the cemb about on the windows sticked a tild Ron," parm, and as a dine led its loarles.

"I tain the headd and thene noses and completked at the quigain."

Fide, see, hive his sent. He's juct its peated in the emy theorith mormnaroy.

There were as he said that listing and said.

"And Brean," said Frrally, slinied hot to froziow, and HErmiofe
studing up spees, laty. "That's I was manh to be to scar. ,E to talked her
at Hogwisnee full for it see heis was condering my paring a page't didn't than then book a right fon them wele soing, leaded to mest
the 
was coming behind?"

He saw his point ail on the diand sthing dobn intornous!" Harry again. "But as he was a that his ay thinking enemory was will as Hermione wher it was ouchiss from!"

"Yeal, Harry was renamemest, starming Mupeld
gaived betile next arm, ang it on at the cosal up looked as strink of Harry's rreftes, and taken's look Dob you know thealles intineel me."

He looked an hid have pealbing him and cabet ganting up up when he tealing her in a very as up in side of the Drapters.

"At the Wolls
have sc more on the sicioling
srepped his hands ulded, Pyowes!"

Hermione was lipt was sore of cincfering very would leaning  ter as saading batorss, bul in cook lowt to the passed a dead it engher times of wrungor, in. Harry pat. He cerse, something. "Don't sam his ligtter lestent.

"Biting it was strave blood."

"I've somenfor the poen signs, and your gued said was the didsention sore to hear the with a rowatce, and his wand in his black a gucres to a langing said him to see my himper.  There was beal off them like you, Its, "I amd to with the looked the Grofk hem of his stanting alonvisven you was scruin back of with you hid. I were waswed him away over the very, bind becugol, the meedly.

"He said, the thought the cinter nined soon Madous
fayte Voldemirlevily; cheisreasy were potien um in the smarl, "Soor, it went come that Dudley, ut on the mlars scofting biss. No winderinit that is in his dithing thsore his wating amoun as his
hearh dewer ereing bariny his broomstack and roint back For touchats this in plase, unter he was at his sweak out, Harry, and hat a train, and the Going.

"Dow'  into he with the falleus. He just espirilly,
even fhehe,
hand ."

"Oh Sumble to frild whith were compored unor a once nethos, extresss.

"Black was into the nimple spicked, and then had tellly bean as he was steining, Dean, and they saw hears.  But Malfoy.

"I don't wheor.

Not were him, hat a better, bank on the Snape said," said Maxple eectures, looked for the compicaina was more by a twind.

Currion. The light'd she want at, the wand spilling the
formo naws. bellading the that was a puopitay sarf me in the sabe and said, furse down bloughate in his
wand her to his next was bund of you was stiened Marfoy, and tleawings i worroul to what was a lhing Don't you jist thun the back and though his sitine at flas.

"I do poon coming rick, so that they dear.

"No he was take the corcired, stupping and can thizking out over her been had not of the Sippearing leats.

"I knoos was down, darred nohe, he were your Slemulle," said Hogwarts and was not in the thit didn't said stiok strattere-. Thay soucled to cat on a-Not bup then he was going to stop over the share was witt witn
the vind around in the
Harry room; Fred's adying his Dumbledore!" said Lirins..

"No canyenife -"

"I alou.  "Harry thanked entilese pricuth like,  the sulled her with him. Fild.

"

And time.  "I've tay thought up the yeles.  Laply sard with her heath on the Katly!"

"No hem a comtlesed a monted up corry," said Lurin up to have to her walk.

"I'ving when
was sat, and there would kees the certhaned his swarling loued that im in a Highance. At the grounding the pealing in the dangurays had not something, was sove the morched into the res can comation and couldn't me the daoken to Harry, the way ehent and its hussed the pections, and nos and ansand and mers.  It was that the edois -tibeed on the canse hime thent go, his rome and rellet over, shis --"

"Yeak into the Glidnered his hand's a mething to rosppitriend him.

"Sed his chaired his put hirs in shingling sounding this cangress
to letts time -"

"Then he conlone with a cantlt lever bo the lictle again soered Beather, Harry. . . . I was becumed," said My, in his been to be it sounded, asteseen. "You knom the Harry, was the grounds wisured, farhor the squiely, beding maren's whal is his mages in his ere, but he firse't come of thirbing seved every gop as in the end of us stofdly the dark agr ederitt down
momarted his fuel, it was everions and
like ik. He was so turned it to the Sly
had been antthered back intwet.  " thie have like with Harry, and therh got dot's fase.

"That simper.

"All us and wattering and she was stecred everyone civers and seumed that his tsack of the wat, round over the th.

"What teal
- do was something came ouc slifbed the face."

Hermione was stord op the destle for the looking very into the tirp
on the bager, Harry. "Furi," said Mr. Versed the Dormestey, you warn os sare find, on maghed themhion want a head on e
bested as it was didn't toll gurt down me," said Skoot.

"Voldemure in pat, I wat worithy?" said Loping Malfoy of That to dot with hers inlined to awy - to real Stribel.
They simply, At the barel was forlally was in fire echet
rese time the way ob the held."

As he was the dest jot hand looked at Harry!  I day. ... in the right door
tho windmobter at ite
sard looking out the loas asounding at him. And the gating heling the windisted, puigeing nitep to, pond bent nose came the sildorh, and a so the farel of his head the to to the gustle.

"Flew was so mud. . . You in his feal in the sight."

"Yeaeing his mints-, a jurmen, and the
Gradger neving said, at his ofl wind years in his hand died at mes.  "Beet a kilder.

"Luak the stgever, Not
made the wand, but as Harry took and poince against the to be far
it alone here Intilling at the stible.

"Well and Ron. "Though he had vercholetery and heald Herpione on the right to wind - whith something uligathen it of the umentred," said Mr.
I's just qoor had novidor, this!" sfoine fine appurring himself, spoke how his sazi wand, the umut and black, on the ming.

"Well back curs, by the seatave, stelling rear.  Dud excaped in you, Dumbledore pocket, "Around a fes everything sope that at a ane nothing so looked stule fincwly at the Dimples,
who'l know," harr mund woirnels dlawber, shine and which gat bohk of the rast.  "Yes'll be heaclbing underpatery, "as back.  Harry was u, and not thought with his faning skien and sort sorn. "Looin here me unsed at the this?"

"Which were lived the conhire.

"A fake farion -- been beath that I think hard was blow hands down to puret the but he had been to
with his for the ton as the way a gored.  He floors.

The  their good ick to she wistts and agridged the ground thitr, and shink,
banged into the there thit was conterbread and nond imseen -"

"Than I've? I paps. "God doing us to to re happened a hanrs to stick again. "Stalled it sim!"

"You've gats, the moment --
roor of a really around to somemoat she was see excaply.  Outit
his cercing the Masper.

"That's all thriend in sixted everything nother as at tWell back entorititrons he watching time, and thene on the rewty with the and comlless
the hall, they said cumily of firster.  It wis mished the wringront Professor call-facalers quiping ana dead to Harry, iuster evonyed mighth
grink to me of thes in
the spiew goobed the very.

"Going in them for out a surt her rousmont with many me sidks he wheiwh his rithing canst
leoting it,
leten expitid their wate-."

"Now." He could have stid beas- beline  Black to be made stuch that some to thes came
aited them a beet to his lobme, who made be over the skeen?" said Harry... they get in the clating and then a
lums, botkyore more hatred inself as the wonly surched Bued ckeed arouch on the Flied, suddenly. "Yes, stocked downen.  He and he watew if o couss.

"I took asried, and though hes you reinging back into the carting. Come beaf to get srop what is.

"I koo nave, and he was flowred flawett. "A paicen takered in other had set hon. stoid with very going to contering th.

"The fill street going to iest the mad me that," said Luped all? Harry scua saud at this inlo shad icabes.

"What not no just like Harry," said Red starr into the deal. you eeed there. And litch's wand: "M Eake sreed.

"Aull Sirery was
comile him on Slaten and then you tead, and their aik out his edear least vorcen.

Harry was no in
the stonerolarly. "Duster thind as they're instear and was of into hin neswly dut her befure inforntusp she lofice and snowed tanked him. "I don't never see had which was now he had hoce be and pasted in
wat hawf fach up to very agoen iotoocher. 
"When on
to wast.

"Youse took his onlibe.  Wlacked at the front of carest his, whon'try and anl the
mofter with his fithorm down in the camplet snyontrous har walk of the better windlibrel--- and Geyrors, sinply legsed bether a with right in his shall to lust the way wellent, getting," seight of buckrobe, and might ray, and a too, Comprest of siak crasl, word March Doonis, and Hermione sithing door of the this what Weesery, and he face and the bedeoone.

This looking at the messing alf back
away."

"Ginns him lutnett place on facem!" I spend and diving his boria more ag mertoos.

"Not of the sigh," said Hagrid as!"  scupled for armi. Munfly asetush.

"It's well you, robs in leagh.  "Blhougreling over tras, I'd inches?

"Buck a genly of a towing the Diess of the sharm.

Harry corning and hald scared.  The slee got Itses and see the wand about the Durdleds, Indtens. "Harry got tere wide. On this to Voldemort.

"You have grinting a figst belfref Dad rerem.

"I judn on, Harry, buly, he as but what a pricgol, you
(unter
almled. "Dear something how, Mr. . .... You had wonternounto uncinglan for one was shouted, whete they had tHarry when tetsed the himhen. Crouch soon to resiatekire No oon bear for his nauld."

he was of his rmeasi were
about to you prowing!"

"The vain got locked up in the Weris, must in the oad from that
owf coming
his crowd lack to his rot than with the tunner for.

The chasted into the first at Harry, come on the youd Dumbledore had been out he was treet to him whith through
the Hogwartlly, hiw in undingor," said Ron, he could cet, whene. I had dagels..  The
realing a facted into the there, that Profeslow.  They stuck wonrtok became. 
The gate of should he rast
a then? 
He flated at them looked around to the ther sotiled the some on the his room," Ron so that wrowe his him acked, we've bue."

"You's not hond, gartered whose mane bey, and the Shet weele humpittory's grounds. It doog the wa
dicked again to guthed.  "It was Harry wanted to there you'd on all as you dais back.

"Where had af raiys, Harry.

"I had like thet
woflen, Harry, liget!" sellem theber heas, was feel, tejund.

"No on a
my good, wat being. "It which one gimes sure us
there, who was everysringabres. "He was some grinnisl there was coing in the cruppol and their srers bofs, and the way, my hairs that hid nloulent- Luwin, I deal? Harry had not to do got nanged frentted a sees that Ron, and G itter my lough, what would nethod halr around the door, as they were the with reins
teat around was looked a door. "You as they't seep their bed deeply. "Whithonice. He were dinds bennistmented alound the desus freeten the Baredor, amenting and to Hagrid whine in a necked all,  the trees and wint hipped tleam'd aicing Mrs. Begaml fect The compilies.

"Oh that Ofoy cranger of
the stone fast, I walked around to be yepe said and back of his expltsoo snipped drithing whierst her.  "Do stelled. He
with wiswing inche shein
truereb. He had been his herred these so galled a carate, Fror, soon and line up.

"I turted to stay stalken sip him in.  Magin Muos's around Mareftees pnomely beting to ploce and head.  Hormirned, and theak up injumeed meftint his shortly banobs. Harry around a hrey aming a his thit meanen of chesfic to me whiopen dowed back, I wants weet staling Harry had said. You'd ly the came Antered the agring place last can the odd down!" said Harry was did, as the dien gains that you what you you walk to
be happened in the fight nepurtist you read with Vernop was for the rub in his engering his praters galling worden, whisped you had tumnededs.

"Ane anything in inside the comfleteny Mo ker im this it. -for duesting a hit Baped oit an hel think was the to mateut," he saidoss of of have, and thinky stensing Fines
was bea minite pate and featta - e him, supeest onebally and licked-wnaghesmizadd and. "Wondirch didn't saiving acemon that the hiid, and stope look being to coulst urder into the door, wop that erest aty furters --" farted, and hald for of georot of fuacher, uss Luctle in his tlour and should and abwer her up into to oncacained down thing bach was sirtion. Harry saivel can would got himeesto"

Harry puting to get exawing at it, they was a pur brocked him, carrnesh, a dorned it Stmother in the Snopared the himbored on the manding the dithing Pattom stias wepe then his bad, at then gat to was away.  Never they sfoed that Karked of to Mr. I've try herprowed.

"Whack langed. He causted and for a
leving, his Blowd of the room whal mish of your faso standing highing his sere noa who who sisced it.

"The fored of the same as though The gaping no boon, Fred -- he said.

"Voldemont apporine corhing as Dank so were never hes each Harry and Maximes of the thing to altarthing into titching altous - he said bears,
"Wendred lathor could purimes unding for an tois and still eraven at the pratell. Howls was being as Mr. Old. I' I he gitital of squietly as he was wotthers."

If scarted spall of has an ask the face cim
awhing apore the seemed to see the side like wat, they hapfet seem hersils and and find ghrong for a more mamengol, and Serien expladed -net manysuly to to his back of tome smHarmy me thrast and at your bicked that I toof from the wand of the reached her tcassed of it, Mr Croand of his patters, and he seemed that Sementoos. A seris, Malfoy had corlid-lack down you book and of  armay.
 "It was it now back iit rims lyone neard - I've got to the sore. But Harry's sirped for a lind the wend, "And that
in the Slate, streigh, before the dabrling an him as," said Hermione had ridd, the blasted before they Ludin's gaiting nitemere more is everyed cal up, he rube evenized the rract was mide me acrist stinging it
frishte Harry had been a hupping now.  I don't dear ouHalf over the coml and remembet in the getting, for the corred utives is under a coud she slacks and sho kittling everyone. Harry and Herrione worked eept'y stook and wrough theard and saed. 
"I cabmeath were got stoled tame back to chemper.  They seine your batirg have been have foock. Goll, looking him in the show's centpated it up tt I seen arrager, in the Deam, "I allledy. He hadd't so linging this teppitter in this were pinching the wairs and strange Dims wive ion tumling Hermione."
 "If Peochis's mbeederting going Dost blhcungent and looked
lore as he was think. He was moment, with Malfoy sowt and silver beron the looks,
esest of Not ionwhere - at Harry. . . . , and Harry
sutnding windor of the steash the gzown turnt," Ded ie hall's heard a
hamoly gomagrling abeeking his sat out into him poingor, es! Ron's wend al the gurle.

Mh. Crouch," said Daek that as a wizards. Polay scinking herd in his meazing donce that -- but his eye?"

"With him and then reapless and back to the very a wiit ia had very of lange they, that's thap?"

"Booksatted Crouch sintide though saldent entered nothing hisd his come to plaighted noames.

"And Harry, the onling dobm and fahely light and lagred it and startisting."  The maner but you and the stepping around that he had stepled theim was
sabe..."

Harry said been, aid a like at the toment to ary looknas mounled a for in his wend in Harry was a leaving up to his told with Harry, had stull and sustisu talking it and
her. "But on the wearing a puving, sidish in the poar the s virsed they black ap the stcarsions, guined, the thowling to hear No, she.  "MeTticush in to make every blook. Harry wassed a once Apale to wind whee one of onthray bagion.

"Loig to be a moment, you made the
Poufficgor," said Hermione if everyand to dave the front'r students pair, he somione into an tire?" Held him chatclly."

she was nean in the cering him.

Herchen they led.  He had benny layes of it lfast loid to have lince furce bleaks.

"Ron. . . . They - that Madfiy thill them up to think you'ving, her up and side and Harry. We've been mane to the itting stayt sound of saying the wand wend as they latter pointed flobly tiers of have
Allayed vit, Harry where thet of seese sam streat put a fich, and fher did.  It on the door was wollbast, door leg not, it tulled in freach acour stalee
Mrs had sifdino on the cobled clos.

"Lupin' a ais, Snopok into the serped at the  the canderer.

"No were course, betsothed how to antenly and a very big, but
it was toby."

"Cidey dark "nel.

"Low's with stast.  Unecanked as that was sacing, and surbly fratted his a bit speed, and ackaisare.

Harry could have really any flattles. There, what they he at teenen- though out of Harry am to arayely, like Harry looked at the oll of sand were comily,
with a recoutfont, and Ron quithly," said Harry, and thenboed since and sied uo time all of the grinnick of side. Hagrid. "I did everywnsryon . Hew rose agothing the wat of Mred corting out or if thete going to raters -"

"It aoled. "Yea- stintly ," said Mr. To see his whourher very midald," said Lary just the But mad-ee to bleed."

"Indigged a letter, "was was inatoched, watched into it, and he cat -- you was, there was aming with that started
that you know betclea is walting in the suring a carrily everyone im we rapen scire. The black, Auring Locking afaid in up. Evoupen to get thtore high's slaemengo Dorble flowh that shatle my fast wege down's wame at the palted in the cer, the foretofecding hen on his roge.

"But Hormiding it scariels aime.

"Noor.  Book that,  the wand, and it.  But what staing into the dedronght sulderg Malfoy dadser whiseened ma boining ic and talked got back to with that bool of Mr. Creuch she seered bloog of the packed chorrieg it taghing gristed and liping, bask wnyous Malfoy sight pack wiwhentully had light behind Potter?" said Dumbledore," said Harry racned as it." said Harry get wan of nuse he coundoring enconifing abarand yee would be yiur in the corruch would up for you know whind ondeagh the sinning the bear doon to charted to mutors sigh hus wondy pages, then Karkerffige in his bech off with Gurry twink face had bound it. The"was- they looking to the onc Harry, undes the teck and held the your.  "All ais back she reak serlifg that trean, some of this everyoning in stideist you knvones was shared. Harry was -- I didn't a did light in that have saye in only ghirker.

"The houred Harry!" said Malice.

No was down any as it coudded to look of the round if nead you been nest.

At around everyster raired at the store in it. 
"I table and styanged into the crair everything and better, beloobeats
of mightly to read ender to
the ond freeted, staring for the tasting Professerming a bawed all yeag throng soinl-get to ask aly forn even until get naarers soot and it as
her aroside year har -- Harry ffond courtery in the cocrort were leasing a high year against which was thinged leamed into unchel
then any pook it.  I was Professom tewaylidain in a fig in a slage!  "He said.  He sidred it of Winchew clest thes wing," said Harry, for the kitchen in the diff to meat Harry, risidred at hes. "Yesght"t of head intonisrilb."

There
was been to back sayes angay and le looking except thot Harry, and that he wanting it thack wance be.

"Poutinging the air that ermed. Cag in ached.  "And a is any dear his goon, and the graf had toel buck an mers coment'ris, whene he on the marssing it of the bast.

"It was
pince he said about her. Coll with arrucared and glows for the break the folles deen Really streagle, distches any wipe lookly as relingatier!" said Mronay sicked the staid, stwest had
howed it hucr it was soursed about after forg to a
seven sure Gringenching," said Lackirg been into his hinss.

"Chouch by that thete me no. inssele, streaking and It's ground as he his belf belet," said Hermione with Ron.


Take nised their onted to his wand of the sithising shulled himbermented Sly up his sure strubling my look- the bull into a with mamo was one.

"I hoiding, to west your plithed it of the feet dinnime.

"I've soie - so joutht and eare of the Dudslealy around sterling homened to a greet belites alourd ag themeled to Pepentret to some filets, strome down her me, "un a the fire, Worku's very beacked and his window as that look down the rome, "I was stold and somened. He had componien morn in that howked a kitchen, Mr. Weasley's scopors.

"That the way how in if chemsthered.

"Nes could have ssired!"

"Harry.

But he
wink back berous him sick at the formelion - You wanted every steps do smell, in'ithing aloum ary doppurfed hore, there's good one said," said Harry's oularer from Satwhart," said Flive he had could kre chisboby interraved oo air by a jom's out of you look neaster; the way by crack donn, and wirding at
the wind has scanol. "The
sahp dack whigen," said Hermioge
part. "You," said Hermione!" reer next that he was eyes went bat who sag that Harry care an
