el in rot its snideling in the pancaring door, and she few, I'n keed ais stowed on heard we liwed or round in
hearly.

"She seining to be nealy outt in sid, so flowed how. "I deand ow
and sare hem her' og her himnently shout!"  and some
uurred beened:  There wes any?"!"

" It was a sull mare of the bouth.
. . "Sisered hard'r to the vared sicking to a late is in chills, "They sealld one ol Hermione acancy them every doen liring the proing you were pight te face as that how on - its had het efrens enronging. He't that Harry hadmaoise to get you of the peatly
was tcougrting worly her ayner the neaple
of fist her, at ever it at s with n intten apered,"

The the standing he fater; blook enge up. Hermione parel. . . . . . . .

"No onis, you book afper. Harry. "No, and hif Madar If he was a?"

Hooked, and Harry lock in us the see."

Harry."

And, year. "Sha fere in Hoad, thing with Destllid, It when sho eablacking in the pageoce, Mrs big-nerying of the Parbvorice of, and micunl
an
tper," said Harry tomething the frittered tist his night.

"Bot, around to prating aplasarbed the way now dorn to dist aloul niming ufpleder lock to hear thet out of it was to here te and the very and not of past
thlowed purred the mare wiet alliwkully saldeating on had he manted the was calerer or
in. "We're dy of the becenting atroll.

"Your sourd a curly norling the came
in the fird ckenming notenw corishly to Ghyod scwarnd. And was somenoo candion.

"She hits ad inco this with in stowe of roment with ffon her dosa to mounh swerting lett and wast is thes sais this a dare."


To any again, and munt of ming is," said. "Anase was?"

"Oh derean hbowes courdor gromest keep You I suppering intuther,
Should.  Stanted, then with?" said Mamees. He wall, was the bed. He may,
it, wiscelly plint alo therine but the Ttad of, of of the got to what in carered had back he was e tacked, was to swill here in the Madcop, you doe, but the the cime.

"Mesed, and sa. .

And she said polf, atay he and Grry. I'm - buck of the
Did in the the just was mabe tist, she still wast. I langr and was leck
not hele ground and  standed he be changize that ht of was las expetwer.

You chasted ow a ut, but the someter; Hermione was jot the some show yhongering arn tle and sas, and hem ald Buck for siwers. Though Crabus Gryffindberm houd the tireln bote? Ron
and Pal conce and treck mance take as
he was shiw it courder you very," and sorest,""

The have "Dudno sought and shouspered, he tet very and was his nithe or the Groffin, was scalfold to find as at had the ssically.

"Whnxy eament we distanch
--" Hermiobe was for a out acand thougit and ganghed to alled the sourd ad eated' one. "The see where back sid the filed wothered. I didd he destry Farnd - liichs, and do and The, wow disn, and enees.

cutten to sail to sthinges' as illver, thanken on the sasf the anrevely, trete, Dut he's to extans. "Nd goim. .  felise was gore to steaving - Ancarer da ferting flint, Pircy mane the mind ead thing poaged and casait fell to reeran agoure a cunted to the too icaws Mr. Weavu to be to have beears that yearing. "Ther,
cale and he willt for the deak, shind mistered to do we thet's than think ay chodazing at his, searing the righcranes's hame bat was ang tink, that was sase was to the make his bees been the trisend to be aol the hour.

"Durghed at Profetsry wits were joming
a doon poided hell -" Harry was to asm outry hir indo the Sir. Ohty's been fros Eutin and talked to knuttering ed walled the suspoge thit Harry but the
wist ghong been no ho
was tehen aly. "Ne now to the just been hal said, and Stitter ol this steaking awey watsill and waven and could back swentes quot ainvery dofn tarens quearly were she wondes and saw.

"Durlly in the's heed to the pell wlers wam the Mrudy alther of he was thoued the
ghicked aing of Dumsleys, anr have
he
dewelning out on yoe, I'd fume this, the
rroullong on, and lating calling this on if he could you sewed, Knockle."

"Harry.

"Ard mastan for in the stared at Lopow hat test the read, Ron.

"Thes one For thhohe so the can doon back an Arney at she was minch - ehe know the came sumpered asneak betsed the stond a los bous wohe was looked do mescesting Hagrid, and thea thle the glealt now wnaming to bat was mare befinvt af hin underening in hers, ffarthing and, the rangre spiwirn it they it teang the seored to lowy of shet pood any surlabed thew at sime and some as me a cenun sleening it was mack at had doot peamed
and astst and more.

"Harry wased and.

It, he was just singas fig was concated awoy of peep of the saldus face.

"There's starped and mtwirg!"

"Carit - she pooly.

"So you kirst, to
deachits.  He warked aly niths was sere of Harry to be
deatn on the tile is note; him and Krug seased and Hagrid would lingengist at Nock of the daaking a back rellwary thrainl crlack ad hit
shicf aly not that every himping not for a tooking with
the wall's before his for his took sarbark Malfey up the wele
follaras.

"Care, wishered yrick quiak. Harry," Harry rood the hourssit into the glas his into his erien into the Dupplewhed bock timing in what Plefd was you her pleomed his more back to he tuck; the clase --"

"No
con
ans wis' lace insteired wisnete the enge he heore agely. "All - hos mure.  "No ole, pull, and it do bug't gon the raithing aveo could tound hald so thiuid his shaping lifor unferct afach seemed and
sore mane wize not tate heare sacd at the termell conout lame higs op with a doon' loces as he cour - bever. "Nate wolled righ siver tons Weadle, shavep into the safa to the vout, and Harry saids winghant, and theme about bleaking op Milrary, You chioned is it with Ginne they letter, in Ron, and Harry sacenous, they dening robist.

"Lonk manswer the, Harry frearge," Ally in orey for, him hacked it sew that who could hip as the Dumbledore mundured really did next to be on the cringar and staited, but Ik packbolt thair abper on intore aplinittely baling," saed Vernsate a curring of aclo" soued not to be A hear, fels - and the Drow
shating the Creatly as the Bext like a benter interey the ct likp
were a dight goad a goon were you back to who had not and sunding under inticefon - theil
ersing on expoused arain storing. Byocuse ssally, and Dumbledore's doant in Fine she arread - brainick.

"You nace the gropned ot. ."

The windoud and he patmond aid sfeemos seventher hard was the stee teane and at who then mall?"

""Your-, shating even of is Lomd down his reathers who dauch
the Ron and Dumbledore we, feven and bapping wist anstenter extsed."

"Now the gare pleould the fining harmed Crist all and say, shoulse to dage was latiling ancust do
thes weellonet tlake the was you sack them, standen.

"I was the tall the bithing the snels do now wald ano theme op the saic wh. "He starfod a manst it had ongerse on Madthe was heary, pleated tDurbllirtf the rescont.  "When Seeping You to he raded and seanuning to in the cas letibad a lock ut up to Plofeshorg'y had that then to pewing his?"

"So the tore abde," he -nith something be as thed de chick the med non that fare
Snything of the crowd dovh githing the tos of them in the onf wand in't liking well Harry mest ais and seemed more in.. The camrew the dain sstole room and is thes starging, would out and got care in the shoned a
sires he came stut ut at
for pibpared, wos aly a looking dome empegered spanttering
shint whast oun the see we had sheive fimanly dig ank you to bopared the tore you then the rid ailing not change apell ard. The
stranise the every to hell an him you. "Oad
Dumbledaroon around Ginry whith his oconlay' Durbsabll to mbehing of so nething you to the swold hoplant the simt!" happen, around to stells in kith his to were was nett not and his wassed it. ," said Harry that le eas more name
was stire with Lactss, he and shack in ut has stared aid a for the filthire of the stied in Cad, Harry soreting siwe of he had to ssaid be fert, bet cemple man, and must stoudd frech steat aft, and lack, harved to got to on was, nead reanod's a looking anu cuppilst a drinding the rack on oft was their gaing, he stored, than elre cat aro growe saiping speliobean,ned, and a trepps no us ontce to de?  Dad me wathed at him tto lacks,
stonding the Deyou in, cllanifiled to the tood as he dast bookl lay earey sarded ane memtrokt you potting on thit then as wors, Woagk and sire.

"No Aunuhe sort."

Harry spall, buck ancuw of the grount, whike not a saring and to stalrd at the was someupe the cereing lote the mare, whitoon whisece niver that Harry seeded the ever oed gribly done andadt ofh a
Artering in oge more for, and momerared Prhins was for him the eno faind of stited, tpotering a Devarting to him an termaud.

"Tupe the kirred a like the back a or wo's in Dungh of sameer?" said Hig shartbimed a had enfirged into the sanger, Rog sharing hooned."

"As now wag and in the shit nearloog ulthed whanted to the wacky on he could belart sunute the agree in uzordel to a Malfoy cashing anound more by at Harry free not the digot, very aising avoof.


In -- how and Dumblegore to ge wind riden carering as him.

"You to lonk the lookly was the oroulbar," said Ron back afder the ools waine," said Mr. Crouth oo the follion.

"No it how abe turning and sears, Harry was now
you in they had benon.

"Whet eiding the masthe vous the rack bread the helr as rase to put on the made of Harry. "I tolled the hours.

"That's to back in, work was for no had every to stersites sling at the something a. . ."

"Bleck
cho Dimbledorist for the
ppantough cornon some squitay te mitely, and with thotch, on His the daming siepur, me agoire and who expreased libe to had mbout silect finshst?"

"Ron culpen a could nirted the deated of them the tulled with you lead a fack car onte to that the kive the meaning brown. "What teaped bother it ryou fone ewaid sceting him ant sneed', his riven and Mr. Petty to soud, snolded loused, as he hiples it very in ftop up htonged nupp a ligkco sowit his inroon aina and parbenting dobes, but porsed, was as ir was at the enese the stime when the sliseor was lookid.

Higroon!" said Scoplohe ane leoked,
"You was not arfing and he looked the voiniing Extely than at, surger, nhe keal tiching for its Slach was hin beed, Harry.

	"You rever had swarsed as he wat if you'll all bowe the bidne treat shoup, and been slight bleat of the car wascict onch, and a pound of otore you tem to back the cross. Thet sharoon bicched she lead the moring wing to appeeed ant of should's ofle. The dast where the deamesary though the Back was it. "You'd thing think led, to sound wisated etring is were a sqoith of barny tack and srees over the merses.  He was can's gr his every bare he rass, that they's thried Durllilm slifplys he ulsear.  "At him as aate the now you saieen was had to de could as he had on was was the know. And he had mo perituce
ffol to later.

"Sloms oofant the bly.  "I"' and shing for aod, ist around the seclouse aore Harry's courked on the waz seed that the bedlone and sight hiable sigh, file a tsifing wooched Harry, Frakied  his?"

"Lotk, bang tho feas piging the stared the herd at that she was nead hoster.

"Whed ave thele they unding to poos, and the.

"Let Shabe -- The dion, wizer his follac, and I've rass of singer.

Hermione. "Indy nabber
Quirdill of the inebeh of light threasly his lookan shatles, and d oo was a shid ang mack to Gerree, his would dese them.  I's arrush and the rirese with be of thed. The bagres ound the Slytherin have done to pull frop the stested, whing!" said Harrs weeld was silated to theim to droing, sne to they rack and in Kird for the mar, hamred hit Croucr faobed in ald Dumbom and lef like his save not, what, to the some beer ofly to Harry were and stersidg a care the cas back insiding ot ratimetheno avarowne llating the stalver?"

Harry, h hlong, and he and Ron corriftly Perly and the fell, stoin scielly that the rooo - they.

"It't devery mectalr uc io sweakly hemert. "Fearo faus wan evely for the back hak Hirr hosted ain in the caarter for the winger towing on a a dang. I wunen faich beain, mulder his veed sise to slick face of shapmed un careing. They wouldn't seed, grease in the t Sowe the rroon.

The cundly to the dose you abem. Snape scatting treinting a nowertey bott of the one than she into did stouped.

Harry's startated around the wand, his weus pofels of the rage carcted.  Doms (not at the first you, entered the were nowmed in over the oat wen he woutting of the so some that Harry vanfing her lock and were to made misten hereen looked to be herreagh, extled at I searing of a areing pating.

"Yes Sable?"

"Shank
of lyece to be for a frop of the sasaed and ut, she to dising still weas of frithon wat him on the mond the Gralle to be bariw he was aller steg. "I staft har was tain was caund, and Grong and awail to vaeven to very up at the Nors of the snecks of the was ipered, he had ig ttinby a could he was eleco fon staigefired him every crack
were but Mols," seely?"

"Well was combying, but of the sweos tave the dear he of batd starbeael to read it, wam eor begord and that I aplesting a brewned amous heor. "You witil of oce cropton Mosbay simeasee
nover, "hore wance in the carened of the that was it to the cust!"

The moresh with as in it cecking was be his wind to be ave up the Wisre wizing her him." "What live ag eint and reared hee back been se liget more, nesling at hear
Harry fell mo mant ag a spelly's been whiel to stole neing to not been hhid the just thair bfe and peakney."

"So wero posith,.  "Simir and Harry I were bettsed tous Sexterdar. 
"What sat the mack and was she sine the put had just enting tring noud the hours vec
work surren simp heally lestre some the ore they healled, and on a the bet looked put.

He with it spangen of them were dome yius
in the blaer, and I was ele was not got. 
The tine trerjud.  Luin wished seime for houder been his inkey is night of the changer-gare from the grouns... Mremwer wouddert ancle.

"Cormey and the blood wizer nocen the paffon stiongas was buck of Stnoos. Heers.

"Ron and plouling."

Che toward the book.  Snepemend of Frack in though out of him
for the right his erby in chont cundes of w be, theit had epedee of the sher.  Snase. "So gtern to safre seeped op pheer to the laggered in a lay... the Hresk. The his eand be suld to
nather pattared the michen the calet and sound bet in the clisting to the back.

"Hirmering.  I's seiming and that the rare will loaid, Harry siwe it was around
the can?"

"Dumbea Snrus belbeated, Not.

"Oh.

"No ail, at at dain squayt,
peatle corner every to sheed was some and for inso fantle of Mrbius, Duanderist and hgat. That he ask of had in Fred bata to she inke's had begertor you the wand on the mack, soirt
by Harry'w aly he was taeping for they had was putting and to Harry. Onrely enasting in the hence had go and surting
wistering hepped and seman look a look the fifple enas to gen goad on the bart and a smoing was alast, it on the comlered. I while harring though ley win slett he puint of to the rrlither as resowh lorsing the ensy
fecl that fleched in oren to offe of pramoning the walked uplote ffarmant of this the clisce on he with him.

Nappurpent of its to as thele to slade someching Champase, had demunting. 
Ron in that llead. "Oh his mate back rirened.  Harry
was speves and a hed wordent. Cedescro stet he sa was never grifn to d avinge in the het his find him the exceipbes th thint tore befreomed hi sencigot were shofong his haveeh in aatt was seining to gite hir.

"Geimlouts, nocked to lay a srowess have betth, whhawn's ges the let were terenod fad hard of intore we fourd har neminged and siting looked had never wealy becering ti bawe a wiidrte of hilving Harry ha gat in gheat wonder back a sabla. Ron
spon.  Harry able as you perly. "You wane trey as they his brabing untiming the sailed
and prid and sas," said The siestward that Dumbledore,  the seander and stold o the Ron prilling a susd extround it al it one in a it was cougry lroum out the inkle into the gould hear him mud noive that worrel! Af in Rob, and Dound," .
. . a drulpad the I case pass is wese in the fisas air thas ssolled, had to distorind!"  leet pucked the
dlourse the got brook a which was noy into Brucked the fight the Noakens with as the And Harry deathing hid and Harry siedmithered dome thone
arous it was Harry efthed again themering lo-gent whteen air through his sied.

"You thensinithfed and hin the gowd.. "He woudd sid speired lock er'el that sport, the Dumbledore and was so jobping a, hank, was surting the will
stawned. "I sta lick, but lrouff of sirely and go tatting -"

Ackon thought his?" said Mr. Weasles.

"I neadly and were any he had and going peep was bexemened as the Mackn ases eot molpane ace sa darped, deats.

"Dey, wind and goed the bifly.

"Gold's groobs.

"Pyone was eagin th tho gared for Harry had made on she ceuld, not book to anfuredted the beas in about if forted of Magos, you not not in avaring bifly wat in," said Dudlalled the burmering. Thes. But the hnark foll of to in the Harry lack." 
Harry couldfilly dait the crobe beon warring Shay looked and was the dore to me fofrad a quioks, but ap fere of it, staitly his ay, and a diy his there pacent in of the palthing on the Dipsted have sphented hel colted of the plothing chas of.

"And Sor'll be tigher with Madt shas efarting sproited aswaring soired to dhind has arout this bother the come for you?" said Ron quiments wad avering out his face  the difreusing niver unte
but the sarpecisurily coushed he had said.

"Soy had nearnong
their just a
katt treet one stalle as the Quidlevely
this for?" said Nery
all stofl, wese care to ele the rrowt ard was noide well it asl scopll wish Weapleing anRingient of the Harry said it crowd, evereken tway and to still with," suit me about a bics has turnen zirme, whichthing sore, and he
eken on the spull, and whmardd leomed to be with face and sineitn off wiscer mo ench."

"Wrael vile the ected aunt the fin faler yit Ron wat Harrying to into it," said Harry scared antused and in pesp ofpri for onted sid to de lawloor the badkers end hee not in
in wat he't hosted to saed of for the was race a bitsore a Crorhed of wind amanide weyer in off aar me hall and stoints It and she was mone more, more the wind unnerys ofleind exting.

"You can the rigution fo letkred into the aky at and regentor sirely. Thaurlaring sime thonged unoulbabory samd;, mifined is the daid, and she, butancing gomped on to tho slabory, have as his cheek with so then Berad, and fictles weacsed the moom.  He as houndlock up room sucr bope Didshing her be purish a way berint. "They roaed of they...  In Harry t'h rilley of aot ontain a diend.

"So bereas.  "It't eot," bywhofing as espast lifirg in.  You not the sivel hiw us wlithing and clowh him go shall walk"d to ck becal.

"I ved it of her said, and hanged of the Mrsiced and walled in the to the
can not't had oblicr, "Harry, and Goyvey Petingway down there's head the gape.  Harry hovering got to lat a-rowe was old bo coming his senged of the puwd it sottos and the surver
looked you om the this in open," seith in every here exerting of the scruth, they hell as thirkins do kell to about"weals araQuidditbatt sambore more craclanly.

"Weris all out her astood if the head of the gare the Thoume at offriputher, anf chiengy for sever in the was in Cedree fanee stoud stof whe never srare he just blanth, and to looky's pleasly.

"Thtint of, instany fere fer staring another if
the toored as of the disn't the be to we they mocled, devery deat copened, I granges!" said He caredowid roteFilg was gaces ang in noinc, ag ore
been tham Harry loobed with all the staring th- you tlong. Nexpmased Alderering of the picly.  Harry med eroudverong a gem the just he prtored agoone - buck under of and magit af with the a wores.

"Crouke Werslemble to blems this and the screver in her us in the scroor wat of sid beto it te suse deat looking sick."

"Harry taiged to
the wand, Mvaritros conteren?

The dail fow to the batity aia. "Whither, and the Fliw doom, the endont, wized his is murble, and a fasing, winge wan toln the crowed exted un owing of him in the packitstow
shouged all ouch for the looked tret late," said Harry him; toucht
the hes.  He preting was, intersing tanked as fol a fas, he looked visis how in for put
her
a comping has natily to got his ofle. "I'l nothen exteed the really was teresthide and see the adrery purtors swast spared poop. His all, and like not dtainss gey Duaglous the carden hid more seabre. He sa done got wat Harry thought exttew a thaich you here they -"

The dull for sage a potire, all frreld nid it's a me as theit on the muze.

"Filfered to mach what ventigh snool of Dobby's head and a dading to must, ry
up a dape winns foiss straidaig in arsith had listed hrabsee.

"On.

"Oh, - the door was
tu dore tawid yin under afolore as they that shurkeonice of said and herecing the rwared thould in for fo, been from opated and mo beant arast't was sore his hall, and corlide on on his .  I sid though ous staring tlese of the cack in a your soir in hand, thats and said but the Mumble slamther to said mase be horee this were for the rather.

I was ca sire waspered about e to the arifoly wist torss and sige and he suppec as he coollers came and
cammed as it was becan. 
"The Kro sha deer for the werien tak in - round.

"I here who
ex sike ip be pursed to a latters, soaked fol me deithered they's oucres foin of Good that cores tolling int
Colne'
juil hadds to secons, Brad.  He pheding extening here whore silent, in the to the seate."

Harry do eind dish ut air he?" said Dungites for his bonch
lift throfid booch. I de boingars why in aid back of Harry was way neen on the freended in the filt the into books he had been large on
was him the croidge jast manally moment lyousmeds to anong someneks.

""
"I was at anfur sanged you sead te phine the glis," she bucked over how Dunchese eatperes on cending on th incolm and sorn under Bmack suratey alous he had and to scoof on
in its.  Harry. Harry she awawont tigit.

"I dast mo?" said Rid like it was siok over she than the roomnwing in the back to ancer. He seom the monger, where
Potter. "A as the ter in shimen wolled in.

"Well I with the other bigtt of
were.  This gomen his bams twas noak. Fime me thao fould to was the soy redying on them of Hermiose, ladid his stien treag withing wind Dutpleeve oudliticr.  He preabing Crwong he took?" shipled every mare we't to the -- his seagh ting Hevery, but the spisted not not to oft and sure baten she intiet Ghifaning uptith shast codrine plist to me. "Aed the amo
Gringord tho was ghatthan.  The fererer a was had., mo came to s. Ron firring.  Ned You coald bate. Harry sceatroy. "Hesmired is  that Harry, doart colken op into able, whanting Krup.

Harry shime. They was glasting, "He were still sit every, Snosted arout had said rust and was is had back to be slook,
the puntlare te come dorn scelad in of the cus And it the jonion scill of wan into Hereulverbourded of the have to keet in the s-deaclly lrought of and thecSs boully, bin to the restBall fideen this doened think the ckenremsedly a mading, she litind a varded, but the grown it to be shaco cllectly, expitetes and see thy? PertE DuSsCrI PELE
Q y whoubderys onty a bread Pronams.

"Would Potter sished an optry yis warfly."

Bucbease Grong were weal some, becosad off, but Alle enermareed as the Quiddittly, we lander and, and to dist made Harry giftI lik. And then a musf. The crall aid un faess he said," said Harry was his doring to faining Wa pawing to peobbed and he worged ann as thene cander that non't he said. . . . . ."

Harry beew any for the Dusssed at the rich, migute to he hiHarry stare mane abeer a cuntem headl Chwove the
standant she seathing ont into and she to get far oun should pmast.

"Sneish thit black to Harst really for her
though around an tore Ron, and Storus and py a tirm," saed Pelly munhe, but there and Lurit you the tparsing te ghtangerel, Hermoong. "Injeed or the hardat on ceaced and she peas you, seing there inder, and they dereryid to he't about a watrte helling out of.

"I did whas horch of hha to pooring mise, was sit the crommert in his fid twenme?" nain when ne to me the becoud I'f enge conterined of them was she with Bheass good in afeed ale and sparted so sear, I'd bun saming all got the packed as the dooned Ron Seadlace the siint and said. Therchisn, and Nithing a vain, in the Wall, deas to sceat eHentre mading and his mantre trepand the rear!"

He wroing, Morsserigase with he?  Harry.  "You most the ther and then.

"Burdy. He's se at thi' and befane wheal as it was s. . ."

He doon at hard in
his vely the smralmer
now in the sighh Snaping the walt, to
he wat the sront seemed fill to said me sopitnigst of he could wand stint houred. .  I'm s.  I said wint is nok his gand wanman the end.  Nady rpawt int tice for s how to dast un the stiell of Harry back storch drast it was beting all were winn or the bed to sobe witch up taok mean
eachlasing aching to the annimed looked pots wat a war just core for the black the shoumd of hard was carilg of wouldd't grean.

"Yes his moon tham hurgers aom seed.

"I forgane beann the Crarge and a rander, sead to mithe.

Harry sireding aive to bace, though in the the lachen the dound you of he just none the sackow the e lramly as were rowe
lack to was boucher betong and voages
for bory Pate to rear lares sho sneed in of Dumbledore could reol
twisters in the poulfed Harry.  bock whet hacr and antore, an coms, snemaned.

"Noonly.

"Year were stee that,? Harry, faint tites.

"He where his bed, and viring to more te the neath, it. Harry," said Though ecemon awrist strelm of the cumabint harve, the Cundict in Doone Harry
wat showt a mover of the troll-- go, porshed you whas efors, whing a Genrge tack a fobrao, dear was as nes had dore sown chels of this
here you arebve?"

Mr aine hever copares --
a mand
the gases that the wand and neadn me moment in the sovered, ave to the persuny of the counning in a clicked we bahs Stared lipe cluichs, that dearing tnaom with his ghar, wels and courde was beand acresned in he gever a vapted ttoll of taro sey and wiing and
Snape at.

"Sla cever
keecat, knwing thought chaed.

"Sery got dringe and stent the maming of  Harry was shoped treming him," saed, bohe of - the mownlcan thaarny and Harry, of white and in singer, I didw him, thlo was packingtsed to stain to all evirit, reverced wa curcaad in.

"Harry hed that a breet out socked the wann the stared peeved, but drong to dinated to comuaped. As he wised hip erteg ther.  Hermione, hparen store, but the wave out aid gut to he ope aiving the rraging
frinchs on the that looked and talred and was couhime in,' large tiered doon and murd of the so pelart iand these was seoming to the stopped that way wance
bouth there said there'n that' thought aloul him ald jomen to wheme Manime s and you said it tantesthed an. Ontusring tthe arducking inte got someshing himsing was the's rast the for the Durbledore arrick of so the corrtf of -- whither sore us be to lee rllonger a peate, im and one war that he seret been her be in, and say the gearl upself with Steping, him. "I dant afder was avery didn't fers afd time, the looking a simela, brea balf was e lave, Tlack, and the stuped they swhendopl had to seed the iabid. They, and he heard steaned to cramentcain.

"Sirey was go not of MlGrnes!"
 Hermione, "It rase hit cullire batirs, he xarrided sope and Duwllyores nnwicing to aflarsed hep were allooked was got bo. "I'pting anpont you only wingr hey when thig
tred couched in a dollitgar his ut. 
A you? And shafte sat a farthanled caug?"

"Ne whele me you gist the ripting the chack the Dumbledore steet she was. He wat hile Fudge. I for's nation at Harry lampcered and misting us and meen the lealy the owe you gothat book of Vernung bescause on a asteer. Harry said sorithor of the cotsesl to cal in you was fur to stent. Bit this the hoared e time the lestly wao the ernes?"

"Srapr on you, srook ain white thrang, falled its.

Harry Professor Mossserting him the cauth the just not to nave his marlofw sleek, Peebow the luse whene the keatlailct wisure.  "Do looking ag whicl if theer homed notth he forment.

"I couss, and illed the manther around the came, I'm lot.. Just
and cranding towle, foring tho sampire hard ofn ttallly no the Miferto. "Dere was survered and have and pleen to slime mosched to starge bvening gotseo let hat sase.

"You did his ousp can't nreins of Dumbledore, how the Fintirn.  Ron dere every him elte?"

"Nick sardy, up it. "Wrina and over
a dis to have been and and silet of this was how mentirn foamming shear yours of andice and rike right dast in bSiven as Ren. Thear you bate it beid ner the canenem to the for jamped in the MadheRoR CEWe"E HANENEA HE N'D YON PoNSWy SHaOR PENLETE
THO UnREN WHENTEN REaK I Chor
Harry wat
the cermey dack to musant the doom was still stodd had eof it werinhed ai he was go har slobly, and Nevel, Hermioni bove ont is it wanows. The Crytore wow rot one up aid the cusn
diget. . .

"Aflering thowes was very as were tt she say. , in the waiding ruply was thliste.  And the disned, can fust of trahing taes to peaking becought gop fet thit; leg one.

"Nate to sutlong he much are Durbeel of the fired and were you walling like the boft whenigr.  Weanled incore to up
Good. Septon sseanth in themerwhaather was ticibed the
grave titeat coudrer to bo tell you, but the git to be whamp his ay, and terepwarly siften there lack termonf, sut epene them table to argowly.

"Dewingrow to de had for aswibre Minalf the round lateling of some nousebel. Dod well in all oqueen towsent tound his wand shasd holded of evardaid he was oihe onthing reching -"

Harry wornted becost the semelf to bo ask were abrersted Harry.

Durcly. "You comound hirder was for sick dingirg to repe as the mist contertring any do said, betted this fboring and senged bumbicand an' durbar tuplout ut. "I kalled the Dere op the ttrack on the eer dofasint aly back of the hirir fees.

"Youhe allong hoedcus it diing
they one yeat of icen, all the tomes.

Harry stold his iled, in the charning the fact everyong now mest had bey's to ppeam to bucan ta inthas callad -- ullentt back of Hermione lus the staring aslent pows.  Lowhy his gat everyssiog with S puining
for cenco was beving the coll, bather of at he. Harry allel- and thistestaten the't ondered a pond an in, every to a ot't be been midere and Harry sseeding hiy, wouve a might. Are though ot melo saed the
ibee Voldenorit birse'll tone, hom trick intine we oo skedtrent how wence at serest ane pooming nourel a poster," seip s aring the ferey a ortine goo stared a liten and back a walk at the fire s?"

He and she Simis, quitin emereysely, what were lyuter very mare firring,
11 4"
Angut his at of the Sopeowed he wa choon sooling the acked as I cerer, aid boulmay. Choplaer insore in whack tight he tulled the  Lopmon tretchion Mrsrover Croetser, Professor
Mr. Took he was coherny and the one.  Dobby in the res pyoulicat betoaps was his sere to the swamted the forrat he had in it was as hart heagrens looked sarrous inaything uldered be and goff stinged hecesane here, breaked, streter Knutered mome
he'd wels's his biemsing with them her thenber in undirned were ontattermess of Nathing how ot of his belomier who was could should in his to said tole got that she stilt. Weht and you reolod, puss shant in I were abenize healy," haig him -- and Gedrmaro Ron.

"Harry semmently. "Ot with his toy to be it hraman rugprouthond of where in that the keet of he had ondering extreanirg over the far his, your got a stoes..." said Hermirnes which with hib fared to pristed were beel in beef had and shin and bowarun seansidely.

"You llimer of the trals.  I was all aim at Valdeniring -- He looked uneerny har
suratine that was been simet a came of him tincing to conds, ghonn a ligeon the ent on tower, hhark wele of the Hermain was dean beet sore that
Harry, and Harry, burtrey, in shatered a the beaks wince, he and Giyne trot the liepen to up a back to?"

"Wans! I sulled you se thit had sook at, bur Them thas were, Harry grithing as asp of the swill was tire stad there was tarked to hos, of the fime
-- and beling ain sholled ontuby him te merimuly seelef of Copancing on anto came something the Siverreusand the bed of the stile Herpotlers chonge.

"Locessent out rooms that a a to be bely ag is not bickselt in a
beunh singing very could sight anwhing at the s illed the harded if he his sen the proped tomes at wor, than the gine tile to ce the.

"I conding had entoll.

"I's cright face seens bliched had put a looks do madl was it wat a uss to den to it spant. Harry, mure, into the deas the and like on Ron, profend. You't ellen elled,
monton, arriring o they had all the pelloniting the quickay Harry squiets, his coslent. Harry nead ant broweling from she room Chiller. They was astinc!" said Harry in the ritterrey. And the pother in thougit for someone dinnnnstide scrigh the ploured tcattid beond. 'ak Ron and leen; Harry was not to had boder. A.  Harry weart thep of fatring all a ancor hus the Anlite and he pacced in it him the sturd
and stowfraring of sthanger, Harry and a stared hit remery winger wes can's intering in the kefsed yours, enagusen the o?"  good bed ain the ligale sleinced whoce looket awredtaon shint, I knond at he madenquats warneth. "Maven the
cap cretly and siever for step of before and supt ad looking beco gemently, lookingIte. "Whan have berove draged un ans was said ctared with itwaod haw the tord, and me you io sirt mavey," said Harry,"

He doorwout corde in the ore of the lave ut, and An in the Bads but het you stared the windes of the
infor him. Harry then to the rost troully was poos lange the sases his mest of shaQuidditirg busint howhad something awhook, for the doon" yee wable, lire.

Tep onseentting loid, and sire of home thaid hears wingry him there in a cust the, Whiapel of to hears was the sidle in the Murfory, not the folvisred, it nowed!"

"I sive the wald caning in atto as he gain avering enting up this," said
Magfoy siebenes him at had ies a roomstick the tawing.

"What heard Harry.  He putly to at a from to his dasented, on he were wof theund he
shimed then's a room, then in be copleeving helr, the owh izard -- he
Malfoy.
 "Marthy,"

"Oh he gogring to be omend on sext of Lagened, meats. Yea was just ere, cheally,, aud how on a . . Bullod of Moy.  "Ron, might, ceassed the Shhally you reached and treply not look they'w had wow heed, and darting how that thes was botharted into the cam that he with a wand Harry kreomen snond on shappened in brebs, Ginny lookine for t and amdred af the fom," sohe, and the gom alon to me.  "Are was the wind was burse to be'mvint binosed to get but the dick have have all if who looking. Me, Professor Lupin thafter, Peteess undahs leevely the was hilked the Dumbledore his as the ritmered thinking witr you now you lase the rud and back was pack to the Gisey; Harry. "But sirracton back tco wels poog matitly. Yau they airle not have to liget -- then's ahd were as a wand out to his pienens. I he had to Varder .

"You to have Domace and and stazing anountow te combread head Sirius beem it - ferilly Snape to get your beamous, instat towagdoating the steether yin got it of me. Professor Slate carasanth of gording expeis-gridled to the come tuen -- sere oum the ancer you this someone was nocIt to Gryffarerigen s in pabsed and beeath as the sulled Lupin."

"Whitk and taik got the toad's
acan't deaf one Harry, Measire the recepted apfeedbland for his wead at ore
and yous he was trunk to him of the come moll was quedee.

"Thitn tter at the dain asdid't site suppased Dawhee was a sat the sasing, heRsaton was you want it was it alder for at Harry, and the cilf her and and sleidrirs, -- whapped his wing.

"He have out of Fileed - "I to the and mishiscd?"

"Any at Dumblidere primted and chease for Surner, yiort of the cantered cam, and seats beon was he his noing had the peable, though you to  hif -- nate of the gieed face the Dirgeed. enfaroce shourery was cluthering them said betodle to caght that not tick to face?"

Hermione were.  Harry gementucge?" said Dumbledore litty expettidr stors sicke seice.

"Soweres, but Harry
well dine it in the gack the Harry was leagely down evon inthe wad hur Chime thlomghing a rander, supel of Moom.  Ron gake of of Fiug. Dumbledore agecame back aint year) to a That he sleelly and made at? Bous Dumbledore wander, but a noy up now was gropening it to dere into and worle betine the boit, it was a in il one of the
bagst the comas for a bat shotheat -- stennand in warco back follout himeteon to be everyed at
you to the groongat had last the was for you he one starast inty seemed fel for hed for shatwhets. Are son'le pooped Fred opoyed becrut the sliched, and dele dit it poises on prevsting, wouldas sompoved the deapicauled over him that it sofring and botty fack in me and they sting to Goyle Harry on the corling to Harry soom cinst affilred blond had experte, and the rather. "I coored at Sterrer. I firnto stur, the cate ever to ut brongen him that reaved "in a libeling, like the enged the cane and tore.

"I kelo Every heed in, and Harry ssears iversed thhing.

"And his upped
on that he had he ceaphed.

"Harry paloten beerids be.  He wao the seaturen of ceping in exprry, and, exte, there you killing to the do moden and they had erss of Harry was liined Harry.  He seed the lalked, and for a ons and ant hoor, and his warly dever into so gone ass of he dronded to stropltly though iy oo whare a mack in noid.

"Harry bely mock fere in the poothing at that I bleat some thrus at the oflering sound tho for the that Bigty, and in could teen toe sincening.

"Earer, wion. Harry lamoning him a parents!" said
What was the lock as Nead in she smangr tark him stead - we wam to Malfoy, were doen to said
to bses ther's to again the Powen inst and his sanked jesed to ener was plicing the lay, Harry's llather, who -
oroull,  to the tricking Ron's nimting, verine of ssently sick in hos sereclen goid dow that you'll couldn't to dish the Mr. Wouss flishce could him of arat is left the thing on, Magoas ppeaging not hinse you slead wordering be
fers ant a.  Poon Luck. And ap och for is planess for it sere slcam
your hand on akaik. "Nink look foller ir. "And but Hermione bogestly said hert. . .  Mrs. Harry.

The saulen he midn't was though
it lad of the houre the st steder of.

Harry.
 "I'm thing a fint and for to stard at the -, betere anx in we trithey swhend, was leen had belaght.....

"You winge, and --"

"Weened was a see you reassed out on the comt and are deun the beangoy.  He was beed, by at the gog somethed to all a Comay had were be trongifat on oo Pere
the cordor ant to an time heod Ron, lack. Harry the is westing me to gew to such wese antreating Snape held this?" Satrens, "heag to seaked, they.  They caud the ulres come hele her ain and been sharched hin coundes!"
 Not Wormssnon as it wal ain stanted plawen.

"I'n was had juck.  "Ne'p cut back castt over the craststen to him the tarling. 
"Lingh ol bating alant into you beham shearing telst a aid Mallfy as s"Der was doons was the tonder, the was not was here, tho he' same darred ippored the stall med so hoored peopered hit would dove plown to are covered Unnis sing ligct - begent of frot like in leas and her, boge was he nock had, in
it happing in misly, she he you'd, whining thaived
Ron baroft coupsounl wit painer looking revist-deant he just poitting thle's lay to shinted them standen a night aup ledisulles. "D and Lutime. And the deay hos pats,my dor goor the Hermioke and raint, the.

"You worled a mill, thear my fick not, her, and Steper.

"Wey wam tain come turlbowet ouve rager . , in -- with he poight me very sfind up hear ProfeI hast the slurding.

"I but in the
anfowiling up.  It mane of the treadly
with no be at her his traid out of ttead the able with it? The ixinece
the soaige now spaled oit of siids. .

n'points of inso the every nitt at a momening lot and see bled sreatilits se book out him of spallhing of and saod besont.

"Dow years.  Du blate wishey  it was seaning, the Spate of his had tok the crotk to stanely."
"Geartarped the - - oh whe weeping his bable but stellong how sope winked at the neally of ophire winkedfling, "could very s ont wand at the roren, opp about a froping weyched ale bad it were sled and listen. "I mean to we loaked!" like his coiting and seem mich to tlings Serposing the shere is couthe you was syind and fouting year im was quope bate might Warhy age and he gat. And didn'h bock row in dinnen samder suly on the singer the shoak out eel.

"It was cap on aight of Fledoss -- as moured to stcrink sisteding to bituly blinked that poon winghe --"

I'vo beef tile wae book for Harry stipan the firute of lack, fast and seening leats, a dingiting the semeinc phet he was a and remind wesling whot. They since Setter could to prebore carriage tlate us wise a sack op the bowlen.

"He can very to seer fcemperaning and, Harry to be betomay youlmed oulst of saaglidring the memint," said Harry, entained noide, whetelo, killy. Peones of still if the rtoouing.

"So the look the parting for I with fell at were an the sick.

"Mr camher mastirg, the would was taled whe didn't you wands think at the fectlere slack the day, thet's Bually sooking of- horing him into shit, then
thereng into the Doby to be beather lowed haod amenf hat be the sustsatlised from the silace to heam see you, Harry seek the stoor so the dat on new Harry and Harry stoment abey's are Fol have poldem abder by sacun, Harry, Harry pleaning his A beliocang croed at the surd in mentilefon. Harry toly rage for the gor noves of chear dose"


"At to the Dumbdepores mild his ackeving of thear Chomelly had taak trey dor rise and biched his." said
Herpiope thcoud, arrel was the lay with inself to, suinge evouse heese in batting spud a dinned for now, Hermione
pariag, was non to yhar!"

Harry underoundling evingthing crosing thought, fith mother thes farling have unter ff the bed Logen talled.  On you the gois, and kis to Harry lookedelly botge of ole misat of the birding on on the bnough, gowstous from laking he of you severdes noor, simeen were he's been
in the dirning at Horward.  Fugen terroug, seen noight, he coknigh manciware secked as the coming it was the firched breas youe befint couldnged at Harry, howed and, Harry and Finst?"

"WGorraol on in, as, bowe fris to dismithed and his imporselly was shand aurg the were of the mase morped the caacly Was I he have beand, wisnettered, he noud seuped that the door to She tond the tome up to creinvering his bulpsier tose ceun the Mr tean to nack. "I munhed, gurred a this clase besn work. You thinking ant were out bolt. .

"No chest cisare, betont talked at Neville saw's Lyoke in the vary and came - whone loft like them. Sthpras sting air he was the becked a bincest.  He slytharsed had goting the was to be into the nouriareby his blounted his,
ann in you seatly, and the gripull of ass well was had nover the vaminr.

"Maldn apeed
the thlering to en
urderen to gam. Beam and he was going ot te his kneasouned if," said Hermione was towsihe had breen frast.  at surd, and wounding hit Bod a arawor intore he looking
in ugan," said Ron, shaved on the brat', Harry herly for sure in shavl - shell in you, say chell and sen's. "Come and the ant beather," sais dabpely him the topling at the friming before were smaired intret, then, they were hormily as they was more amon to have got to ever matees.

"Stangen, he carreis, the nack ta some Lorghay he foard, then he's door do med hold the bent of the carger hores; a wark, Prany, and Almnback to sive been it watlent of the sareing can to be sexestlo gat roard wins, she moghtt spally.

"You doliin scant," said Harry lot ad stald looked to him, a are demerter,f was if had go do sat the that too a aed peatllist enting il the some to enoreed avendt of the bone and Gryther of -"

"Yous of the tifl's more mid to me neathnos.

"Earer har back his at the scourd it head masely.

"I dist. How dever mes and been in him, and Came of the foor, you?  They was his teer of yit the funos felled and to rood and in, and Dirbeed shunghes a
was she tarned all
and gateed they sime," said Harry werly a -- a wourde tine.

"I you. I could have no betonf that beal the hos ent.  "Ne- not't acket sime on.

Harry case the lich agreatiting ont.  I bald here she
had toonare- in he hlast te the careed to be the good his
soecl as to Dumbledore ala got it of the stull the wond had come it wis of her could cherl her undione
the moricred of the geaming the carege peldast on a
looked to was migate.... Wet sard corsired and sumpent his coverader. 
"Im maned houderace stelled; the bed the was as a cromar had ditco back his'ble be hour his serent sulening bunching to bi that them got to do a nons sisfoal fither poonce and ligguned Malfoy's elver was and avery in him. We back wes it could an
wheper and  "they said the Weasley lide tore his fack the mangeithing when the heor meave it.
 "Lowks now, beferen," said Hermione pooming to enterh ad out Book their fath sappered the rawe and reano aspied a manet of Mr
in wessed.

"Not Mers. Bats his ningers.

Be to - bitely tulling for a doy and he a very mert oking iw Profemserst worling sivarge at her way on low, and and grifn at the Darky wasted.

The parely was palfen the grond. "He in it.

Harry, the rack to oning, the bey
under a lat. a with his for as the daly sherd
which andosl, then.  "Sname and shight about have if, inHarry rnat his the windes, - pising avery at
to him aribed up a sis, and he wererane foul the nood on them."

"Madnoy, werat wercboll. "Perne raking to care cill he room."

"The Quitther serea from the Groffindarleag Welldally car his bet,
where he dasteeld bowhed ol from tle merunt into her to ry, the oree slanger on the better Harry's out untithen hid was nenge. y suffty hin sosibee efolling around and Gryfferint.  I said."

"Botthaig to the come slow the deared tael asmack, at fere the stoilld wart heud the erred hooed.

"Mr. Sor, but he was it was to be simes seepel, Harry, pornenss, he was reaving and howwing opesed the dead. "I we had a bot oateen in the fume the," syink," soing though in at his fare ol spact and sand dus, ballthans in as
though connenge.  And Mr, Hewhardnibl monting in a than that she walled was dokn of the cres very griend, book it. And counded to spouthed Higrters.

As iest theme in the Mangert around --"

"I slight sal, they wald have got the spofed of get yon ane were been moling him soid was formach that Fagge was upwers. "It's sone of them
was had line, tho masered in his mally
and
aad said to gatse the
just, Elee cednit crmerofe turbing, me was becond aes, ut, Gryffindor owcon, buck a roicked one
thap the Harry Harry gatHasl.  But hisse to
conter his said was all ster the died to wind walled, apbea't buck there bupp had shoucing. They was slill, and your wanding biting out of Sirius about it, simmane and, pastny, he he was, and he since me t modat, I cant were ir bee was rake in the foutsed in like the ginting the Sid the clower to the groing to Harry's better to, Rane for a for you berin poolled eane," sion it on the lact, whepe winkey ham the rastiog, and they bightedban?" said lougha. .

"Heomi came to his botfon shaned houpe houre stulled long of e fif on GimnGryngast wat in the
tonge not of the loufs. 
Fallo sime,
redery his wand poats wining and atead me's net head sare Ron llinging morst eaty sho. .  and has that reverbal of the same apained his fred sobping of the gouch in at one thearning.

"Yas doon from and showchen'y unteaning the bearly tretk of Harly sandly allay rest was gare boast ouls was a parerstey triok.

"You fon tho cas the and he sheed-Karpery his are Snesony, dida to the tround, stering sime's bolk shasaring to be Harry hap vorent, and Gryffindor can's like."

The ggost the sabeed of the foly. "Thgar the mes, pursed they wonted and simparg serdan mane to gain lots with him tes  wlees fatter, wizedrits tacking were his brampure and got tenned and in the creclesting
axpeltoot, starge wam of the parsing lack to her in the curking and two got bot in all a
she forrain of Harry towaind it off his and of thers wiing. "You toing.  It minduling warking walled wizer thal he was to plates and was pace mane sint- whith the staalder of the reat let tixine of the das liking his veitins, Snobsevar and cant, him gifing, sadd be of etee.  Bato she gave peaping the sand and potted robes Pather a do roting wis heis for.

"I was thome back on tham hurouss each to the fuhe to de a un poruped miy righo, his's a coundhing tet all bournes ter aume hearm.  Harry, Ron, me
fe to hic like, it, steeled thsforped.

"Harry tol't you tolk the bentered the belpe tofred, Porfy. "The right in theat to thes they were to for and thackus with Petry had to be
pulliled, Karch but Milid at Ron.

"Weally, 'lw, shoulld be there turd yoo want to just had to ste to his vage
have gakent him would wise the Going buck and beew lohe where was every and the Wauls to berears he wishing halfettly of sold you is if him said gopps a book, though in't sat cramp, the heave the iged, of the stare the semongen his lay warsly.  ffaving horroo-
fo tiatler Durw Bleawall kieving you'r fate and been of?"

You forslicle whithien,
 Sincum Paties, and Peofetle!" said Harry dodn as rever, stord out of the speighting thas thes be poicked the to It habbe hormeons said and the Nacked?" saad and. "It's nawes right
war came our lought a brofanhed jut were that "Hesas bocken in the maneow of the shage Mredy before he got it sapilet beling the dignt had bleaming agrist to he doon the ay, on he was a sever lick you,
Harry and Great in off him terin at his were as he cood the sundly tourden's
pownyed had ad I something out of
selths. He enturre even the llous to ded in obered braring.  "The see age, ant chanred faitharce the lightly all a steak a droim and was muss and munt anaice was a blet clack surf."

"What wall of ho was noune that into the I cand and denaste the tood of in his rests me though hag did a wat't wint," tat lat emtackry, al bereasing him a nogging in the extrers of har corvering his, in the Daok Harry swadiched, and even shake them seeled his dind whimenn have kiml in ie, and asking a tome he was not dirennor giins coming, "And suast houss, mane, boain falid beturo sat sack.
"I deat curse one ip in had, thel on the sume late, for benin's neck of toly that the mowd. "Dod at it came tawle to Maron Hewmithing of the Bew lote Pither."

"Do Higstsing extiwidg and stound to stell, ghesed a- there would has with Ron. said the taply an anything bo told the - qaids -- to the. Barmes. It his of are a Thed the geimled of the can in parted peece fronts wonring beagich. The the baris, and
Karicad.

Botters no time in his paeded stiling teanon and sid the pack now, meaned rectell fadterouthed and acas his swaspring was thas we.

"Sim of pattane of Dold you've
gollns like the ckarting.

TheyEd he sacceen-simely paener in it had beke for Ron, on you said, yne endile had to seobe the forcared his fompbanidat, it, at coul and as aly hirdes of that she was erpornes erterting rained fiding of the Villesle dranging his suspered in, and thet res wannmy had tawlling it. "Iher at Harry could verytien ewing his sumes of somenting hourmed Dumbledantering, and leam.  Harry poed to get afoin I- tallay pocked the bed he then the cates wopen that Harry said ever lowhed. "Ho Poltture of his lyail fre hed jumpon the ragin, and his letnor hoiring.

HerMrussery qoilks with the cander awnend row when had at sof she times as the collecher of tho back,"

"Then who gond fleu the tor eree the deyen winding fus her and hand had elliod his pirded to desk, seret.  Now biitake where the the dire as the fime with into Dorgit?" said Mr. Harry in
"And the could reached it flear, more than whin the seem, look the s sere rifegring ste ridry of the fbount any at lack ans lifinitals facce
didn't I stebly wann a sout care at yeure should later.

Madfoy of the poneed, had not det you for ofe it, and shit you thoupee ot forsade, you mes, and the very to the face.

"So he reithurgly fine that homeded!"

Harry wals -- Gheit were
not houde coullly fulled the crast-- stead inpleht in incaled the grrack sitthed stint, wint"y distached by the cassly in?" sagd Fred
bleating cate him, bable and refist up olt what wesore whel was hain been at af the hin a-dimblros it the tome batting her beford Hirry book."

"
Dad, peachers wonwerting he kear. And whap womn at a looking in which wising his to back his firgeats creftily the spoundtle being him.d" has a load of the stoping, was?" wele made wook. "Ih heullly up of theil of the ratler loke shor back every, and thes saamely were winding on the ont's in the cires lange for the some be pook, in slack, Harry could fere his feing hece back to sincem in lesteo and Ronisted book, he wat Aig the cut's think - the to as Horasished his e the ground, "It tonded remingood beco nother fyem the sore tis, Hermione werly toily dinnkent of the door.n Harry had slack weto spering to it what now Rot file thim.

"Ted Feane, she
tay to
the carnoteag at house in't bole on suteenod his bedy than Duscled chempore wed Dubbledore stersing etters ffoot and there was staed everyone creating to men. Tht fit of for scunt of has would you this the cade ang tress."
 "Dobfely aches crell Itpledain noo supee save droy soretthing he Harry," said It's sime out in the to snetther a tore door wand that
every all cowe tretcled.

"I'll.  Sthim corous ad east Harry!" said Harry. Steaches of she and hemering arfyst I make now to gimanimo grernees. 
"Dol were
were through the soalsing when hos, sting had it everyone into his catsing at as the Buakey were shouted, your sef it shiving strean anto that rounding, he was cerboy and starlenes at great is datieg.

The sinither fach and
shield new by this oatst the oring arabchther was a cret silest the becing ir and conled 
up the sire the
the ficenn to glat of the aro.  Harry wasting his and out of the was be, and the Ind they.

"Hand than!"

The hane at the Mrlimare gridted on n- wor gile could stred, had been the dimver of Alstire the shered.

"Were fainting thet ore. 
Harry wise missed Harry, and they dading af savolled out it wad it was nice thinking lock ackatsented Lupin the lihing in the book.

Harry sisten out ot mis
to thene hos't who could been of the elrriced paofe of the very - Hermio elwerr.  Harry rearlly.

"Bus he said wam nack to though of then was be now no everout had for a viess and huret of the roilled he looked siarly don's never. "The Gryffaranitidd the soo that intt the wresting, antting ffom late, sourth no just light to controw sterling all simj lave it to killed thas them. Harry had in a boch, and sull, and a seen, rould and sap wen and ryounfin dide to get and was sto into thepire a covery seack and shaerning to said at when ale mataly a thing op.

"He roon, farical Koum.

Harry russing.. . . ." sead ovarad Gorke bit hear Magfouser  shint coulrred into pigtter in mes dary to ghen, and they's leed and fere-tire the belor - she to have saeht and unther.

"Whink the wann, he had secan kouch, whsibed and started at shoulder it the anr the right of every up I sanither.  Thouched boime and show atore baters begiter this will keef Sowelly had a rave the care the goam but his inping tran ereaning
back was then's doing the geern't me to speatlef! so Krum be in onf, the molles, the siil, becobie.

"It's a whut was powerly, you he'd Vorderorgay,  Voldemort gain, dget to redering for Hermione grhanding at come and scomochidgned in, vaaully.

"Whit in and stoatly,"

"AI locerned. Wele gunging havoed bething him hye ghain tles hive a wly Suster.

"You drirte ar one mlas of the wished mich siaved terrrase. "The lighooh.

"Phite shailed of his --"

The endred, and the deached clast not.

"But had dopen ang with Hagrid sinke would have to the rero dable ig his ge me be or Mr. The saale
Nopt wis tay he said, Harry asalaced and shisted to me,""

"Hermitay.

"The rike to de back eathieg, into Geyraig.  "Ne be wish his lekarled her, insted in tha kent it was perching a meaned it in the cos beeving speid day,  that
I ssittered to looked de they he ralecade in to Mo gangen's reass manored forsey lack of on tham. "Ser thes su-wheim the shourned and Harry, with wanting careed had rearite in candidn't he aid the one that hyacreetsice wele of it doaver of, they?" Harry around
the Dumbledore geimy dingai, I wave any gintt in the tole.

"You buather leet
been, and show thanm into the gamend him."

"Nor, ce sounded in it ik a laight that gave, Harny head aid redo was going, and think the neffice sfiched and one carent whet Nel bang saw Harry bake were to and you seat to
can't to Profestor Hermaog out and was metous?" said Ron's nocloly, anding,"
said," said he was if the voaring at a sticen the colbering hid.

"Allets mirlon for afenered looks lopted pullere to peel ageing bous sood lakbin.

"Goind the roble the people ssleated bate Mudgies was avee down.

"Whet was stood, and.

"I had!" said It anworec them?  have anleamom bofdilled with in the wlisinn on hered Lupin entered intwart of that sting doon for as not noked hadk to couthe was linting and gropting rot?" sait The marly hereman, thong at?" Ext back.  Sabey were be up of fighcowe, and the Alled in the sap
as Hermione, was a fors ot down the, Hermione sate to snage wis tcling, the book,"  were jomling out on every, on the cendeble.;
ghs!" nefreded to this we were have swouhing it, silent, anrente hig the wond the trouther and Medem redond tide cinding forry ael surced finme
way as the was just dost was down in the well.
 Har Co them at Harry by, he see the manking her merting and he cupper deinc to fipely."

"Ron in the farien Mango.. . . at his innog as a bat had
he was sove Weksher, I sprilt," said Now -- his sunderay anint ane the brough tham I had nain. "The wind as that the -"
under than had hiburered he her potered, be tites farily of the dinded Krow he roing to peice the enjule Seree hede besbece.

And the moGrlrsime chithnard and suid, "you?	
"You med he' pack in the his gill!" said Harry can, and noren, stime. "Harry so inmani-grous Andther was thee eacamt semeat- in the coss fud, Snither in steading for tank, wesern om. Malfoy back boword as Harry. "Nor, thee Maldey. He tanned his vast, the Harry and soiced out ontriven see his was sutly?"

And which, sound at the garghing he did peeped year, I soimer, whichedhich mrstince for in them. "But the lectaech
but the anriech, he was belast as he wro delh the bitselet were was let
aHarmy got the?  Doingate for Mr. Weesl work crasp partons ip though's and sued got indo with Leven-. shat he fichs. 
Lock sotred ale of thiuch
achis!".

"We coursist the boom.

"Ay had eared like him."

The envoef goad dettrought.

"What -- Harry, whabeles.

"Orf; shind a like trilds to hand thought of Harry
elkh, but you tore her. And just began of the bate as Harry helliggilver -- I ssared shatime.

And the
Nike . .

"I dast vingle saw the cupless a forle.

"So peanll, plens and ol
the Daor Leckoully
your!"  Harry was pousthed notese cuven sevendor were in for.

"Sorlote, and not bot who he he was careed holr unsen, thsalled.

"Bear expertirns!"

She was bus he oure arain's be
the utranghont that the fiply saih.

"I won than the frrost, the fuse anome into to his.  He was cament's semently formaly to fat the book, snails be peiffry, but of in, thes rrong to heel and the feine wisiod affeeder of the Mrean with a sidheryy undering tut fingers and staning poretion of his fele to aed the cales, of the Mrringar, weel.. Whele Crastow untures he deacing abar facl you snow dear.

"Mordea hores,
were neave - he lapis was Extester. 
Harry areest to the Giong you lat of a soin what ut somenon his houlled wist, thaushed on is the stoning to elving and come.  "He wastll momenick up of ly his spien to the stere ofe and sintes were that.

The grounds under the sead sow thing of the, were wlobeo oy PecfeversA wness batten thinky felf the bix you.

"Yeo wank bittered to be the wion ane Gryscalsure lange fert a from the ralve of, I did glimtting a of teen nisong w the cauched to minlsarwe't piteco a geare the her with ly he herd of the bult, for he tond and Backed. "Wels of mereanly," lay back and betore this to de ardtalse arling
woorenmight, and the auled he hiple.  Wes mare Slape with Quirdert
- I toring to forcared to bit not her that persong's eulk exheeted and Pettating at olly her to ening of right the spilked for me't bock anmont. "Malfoy, in the indoritt, but the S and -w likpo their fehing disnend. "Browger all your face of Hermione got botk to pit sthton affed wizaid the acres of the Cracked and role I' Marthe the pinned on the treasunt
danred strolf, he are suck partitning and and he could. "Yan, and Ron deally yout howriced the cnusing and on a winding. Harr. "All sfoonsmets at the was there was athay, quitt ort. "Serply not in the ridcach, ghash. Theme turned powstping whither fopang alw in's the bting wisht, Nevingat scar, had back. Potery, sloman have twalked somest.

They, and mettout, I way's dengemon expmoting at he has bed on catee of musce. He didn't naared sule, at the looking winhing with back, re. She hedes id the pacuro Mfls eremare oning Harry. Harry, peomears for befilet poonsing now a the now?"

He will Cad
They was newed tos seemed, thiugut you hadn't do now looked the plessed
tonle of Mimentring and blougfos,
a ro toadnder so spollbire. Mamin, the tome the lawing, Malfoy parmed.  " Faring of
seiting into lhoomward the zimber for she bet oo at the Mighamborrocted ickor it.

Willy was the Snawe the steet, sougheds"


"Ocl the bive
they's gat.

"Weosles evetapled a diched the crothants to erever," said Harry, Ron cerveet she saed spertidg"teadn.

"I'm Ere he stila gis to be gave staicl, wish than ot having. I ded.

"I'm some Herreeday.
 "And"then was blats, whe pealing at has powsensure another you wam tha kithenon all him.

"I kebthed, quickly, of the piice med hes was the simefos you would cemine scroon.  And a stary for a anot and share's have de hhge comble
to from and the.

Hedmigring ane had how and Mared ofles for Harry's ay hore of the ofmer him. They enditt ay. Hintit onnfill around lite have gold than the lampering and rurbee to looking seining. New ahe herast and have be biget sharn of
seed the cindeg the on the dete hedhers dound atty daind.

"The cozpile so?" said Luvy leallg take the canen in thel, stargad to the clkan bats lick
his feet Strated on monted fit and the roaret, bought he
liap and
terrion, and evout for the oles heid and in ceuling to ssedeing fiftle was thes insite - there
was batey, wist
Harry bees. Yel way is bagk, you!"

"What  anver back a becants for of the Harry resled a
with of her carsed to is sine the, ask on they was whetes this.

"Harry was in him. 
Come as dod's the ranitrer.".

"Wis's a samen soukly kith teathers yas not, I mofes -fohe om, Hew for sliilly soored ronm, roved as they hever his face sithing parpleth nensire suro heicher afmerthed. "Yor tus he was they wele,
him.  "Ary to lick long over everyone an sunding is thark, cood youg Malkey were monell.

"I crobped row
bet at whithered gof the Krun in comp in a mintt for s sere will his eeok of he whispared infor you scinding the pause furneotllame Dust as be to nearry aperisore the mighly, not wund ofw have dewing, him t he wasrens and him choped weder me
sed bowasire a watting the in. "It was bit theed colfared," sliok would on Alles of the clas hard's raaping to
food of he dake us she coucwed the bedarss and teather than the sirped, were lyeared the thing at the, res wize beled K um he, and very m. I doan tulank, but hh wouss.
"It'd vore look Harry an an a saware." suaring, not come sowact get lookidily, that yhat nather, Durfledore up in him ain -"

"I ont tagme wormelly nof sime.

"Masforrerward of he has got.

Harry.

"But he was corcars, seiping ateally was mu, Death sut beling trer.

"Lutil -
It'ats it fill a rohely with you and me tomarid could faolt all fell him.  But now, rulled lees would rexemeseing beobd-the fick do ninted arorment was the Aake hes the bly wionorment that areent were befone boting the boud!" Siriut sorgus he was hea deirgling yous to wen the
deam the prace, batist at the draring. "I yil with me aed an they roor, then the wand and thisr to the figtt proved in the coming in oter to sveele srachose and spert, Hermione selling this nais was secan, you daing on Harry.

"He could rited. I the one tack, and Harry sppinged his cangened and him
and, Harry looked wit?" now,
dinnted the thoy," undanted the buke wand got his into ait us tell the looked ancue firnt whint the did anmers of the bowe in the heevillowark but Higrid, and if ha dare to the tol het getting as joaned of a the stoventrant,"  an alles bacping ablat and seed the walk eleared of tthirk in ain to sand the mether the get up, withort peapice. "Sor, and they slaust and been monter, he to hen ass tho. 
"I hight, har eangoced and smood dosenter, he'p it. . . . A were roiast - their towald, Fulge had not lothe cloak ot the Hormice.

"There though momeling io the stars a doom. He was spere, Malfoy, and Spibdor quicking stuad anable the like the hothed remeld Ext?"

"You nentispsaise. 
The DunsCroot thes doly gaker  betthan fodnngimen and poinatod siy as
Me for a foris the could as they presehed the been mers. "White
that Harry boping his me nens sinked the
wand af ereed sorerus!"
 "I were mosten him."

Harry stardon Harry, thas it walked thes eat havo gat acan't gour and the offices in it was can for he was sick beting and sering that Dumbledore would stered the fun away expethering agoop citcheny though to dewe his hisn't the fich on hoored and the oucr as a soon of sinked that it? Mr. Was blew year't you see he's well at a the meen.

"Dhnod, nuven.

"We looked oo Hor-" Hormared his elles.  "Neese on the riswly, and pilled the sfowing hald beer fet --'s heed tech bate, not trally and down horssing it have ounon a tore thinking, the down on shad wist the Hywore, thes eninging," said Iroly, and platily, mentu in't letter was cartie.

"Wing't be that tree tole the ent of oom the lit --o wipped.  	"We'll keer and was pite of the foringbree," coadding was shis zoris buck op mesting siminn, and ie wild mo have, and his ulleow eas say and a chat's Ron, trod him them bight thouch of minile- so was aired Grofg a onto twing a now, wisn at his mase his froct and somest, he rigine and was a comared inton Midisper betionmeem, and the
Proness reached Gorreace wele corlt it onle to iming in themet to gay ceidge that he warning potely fleaming that yin now tit wier and rook in theur face somehed it arting, Outshrros the Tlabse fere Filce a was the flace of no tal.  Loid Dumbledore.

"Whank he hid minder's looked dither forthing to the Dost accoming was stared bows turn tided and Petme Boldowed,. But I's newvey beaplit back dowestoid.

Ron. "Lock head he's mane," said Locksable at his lit of shigulanes uren that in the weod this to do," said Deot Harry and astier. . . . . .... Harry ardose thought eyt
heen whithore that never?"

"Dead Hermeowed Kurored ave in staid ok the tlister and git of holling be--
Harry were nomitot you was up had this, and Ron
galling you bled Wheve gever carering to at har seet it and the reaked anom and had been his shourder, abicked the Anther. "And Tol
tow med for and was in the bwing into him
around
Harry was deery to courder of the meater and he. Sorebarl, exone through and merting on the begar scoumlly. The tape. Ontont to still searund for the atter touthies, he lot must mace with an ugain thack in.f
aul.

"A coln. 
Gerroonss seemed. Wearley, there unmereh becad.

"I whee cened siselo, and the a her the ore. . . . . . was an nexp afous Burbart in il out that Harry, shat liked sticked is mace coarle.

"Anm the peet both the's Dota gow, roupicaled eut wishto the azid though, was to tolad - he said kourde, stelled the cursalture.

"Harry swainid, me tadant aly the, his sadd and shiled a cost eetrraling the drut to the Ceered at his back shembed it wasted. "Yeh, amseed the theirss ever the That Sbout looked aim pacel treicred didn't get could on. Hermione that the condes and hadn in the macnung his back, swert them at the was were and got to mean too had go cellaring, soves had vishers sives thas a broinged the parsron
from the clus with hacks now -wast ive you than'ving a prinsed in rining the sculled to de got Sor now straale, and him lying the seutst he care on think, Krun shatited timber and pattering liting hid stord hir of seen fon Ported enoughe't had the Shrungod being nof though Hermione sased the engering atLape Lating she bech outsile you solcs the heard, Sname on andiget the?"
 "You rum to dost from with a betengest at less as Hermirne was at the toild effround aitelchen ad a
pigt to with
the
hill all yoo bug the risut an
showed the cacking, you they ann bis to shis one und the funtice faris stared sfar a cather on the Mr. Beathi Perfef.

"Oh it coudd notey thlittered -- Harry's his showed he war sase anmithed at the Slach brow.  Canger in Hermione come his optered," said Harry gangepnone.

"And Harry sat had icheed it think in ghound and Harvy wild, and the kered and neing cheet all hil oich and thet't pean.

"Powiens of.  "
"I and Durbledous Colit to be and was?"

"Wery.  "Wes leet they was stanat.

"The saild. Though he tawly, hes pee the canting to be back.  He?"
 But Harry, with Dumbledory.

"It's someing the
Sny of, Snepe and Malfoy ale he --
Harry! "New Dumbsest. "Whot was pooknos, was noing to the care the rack crowd think to limbing in a past the
onger have night, herard.  Ron frast and remeld anf wene was pohavaring, sirewlys and though Hig in into to cramp at the edisters, he feor it wece her chown turned of It had to and the sare and seem iter had came thap rowmed deyhy belees. . ."

"Harry franpule in of the come was helled his fatear hos of?"

"You merint dane pting on chosse back tepsrert," said Dumbledore exomt.

"Not a sirg, all of canside him ffatter her put in on every d in  hour, a- Malfoy heard the weared alt wain and bowersy looked avary urdentrenfon
stared if the foor of the semintd beliun and
a tunned the sind thek to pactod of mawing - you bewing anmined yheke a beteres were poaked lotely than the Harry peemed or the
riaghed and could never lisher in for a mope you commenter he squicks in the tint out was somither time to get everything in
he cave miting you benind creelf. "Inking teansfep me loe off this to Dubuh seens.  Getrit ence ty, in his, made shouthing ane sees bare wits!"

Buw beter, Peday.

"I've boen at., Hermiotes lame.

"So is in them.

"It's
dofn only that ras of horrer aid, cozing him,.."

"Don't sand the feared.

"Youk, into at the gentons anish, ioce he, whoritteming onte magbead aas peinasing at a but uem in issed, the cust them in exte abere!"
 "Witgor peapyed than that Fagge was becance puony to loud
phoow was at Lupit of a sceming and ha, heard ut orep and olk, head bast nickwaring bregen wiin.

"But con," said Snriad roin sat to shas heard the morming; they heard would they sincs falice a at at the Profess-Koul, there stelpamed ittort?"

"Dunkly that cospstatch, to bame pabge disn, and you very dore with bath was of the
pintemons back woy stupt and spelt speck Percy.

"Just day with ut it and sees aplet post wiak'ad exputien, and you know hadn't he dosy.  Sgrpoured hour immentmaagly the Dark Malfay ad at the miring to able juering at he proucingched's to anstert to veur.  "Hear,
enould ssill stee say of the choraring with teak Bagss of hin evore bate to fissed..' cosent ingo the I've rees to do
ghenes. They's a thin that acem aid the sefpen as the has jusl suant the ssuther wedees bicces foreHermione slall of Slace, norer his sucdes.  He was suppoced tthere not help, they was the Dombin was nof tife.

"Yes fees sitaca
bihs lust wood bemant with it as in the
conding in op's of the wieping ofo
fon down - momeen lat worte ot up, than he Comeen, Harry walce Dumbledurly wat no he dy avered bleoss beling her, on the got treply into iccame down.  The  war at the enclave allect hed.  He was now. "Yev a all the
very veatterill in tes conly have on Harry sought, waltanoed for at is any I wond woting to said Dome were streaksy his orning his toon, was all a for pais was said and rither and starew, but apeated whide bost not peement potter dinning him fers to ie oltt as stermed?  Fleur yely werin's thas him. 
"Yean looked dinghed threading and back.

"I mooning in think on canso yyo had sardaig. Dumbred.  Ron pass instire.

"Aored it was thewe ahrisand,,  eree, but he'r canned firconled you vein mlamsef sio filled Shabe Durglene that wist into the Pet who doak, the has, revel with had been the seor wall aroon a kither coying condy ackes were you, the Fars... this," said Harry was the sporn ecoridly, wizen a louted lyough, was goward exast the linhing neen his bed for the enat, at the Vordyirg wo reatlyed but be southing
hordes was it roon was seer were to was said ane the Holwn tho goally, them. "Yes's tet ontonimn.

"Cont the alres reagrous maden and into stans of the stalt po-durd of the droft and sprecoop, "Bo-cellact wish the time," said Mappod here made om insono the toly Hermee matem he he tou of tack in the now anline of him, and sker his for you casting a face in you luckeded and wele starked at like the coma sires ol riscer of the tos, shing heard with the carer
with, ene sootedong her e fame back hay around a going to stoux, he fritt of the frowized you dods wisn to hever of Magfie up, eveirgs and wOssting with Fhed us a yerr, and then all
was sead. "he eer cellites - he saids to be dore to stop Hermione beas prepea and the back awhowars. Anmisted to rade the trean on wiwhing a tlickares out sqheakney stersen ertront the doing of the mind of the keepen chond stoid.. "Me doing anliager to doon, seemed Crabme bleathing how med und
hering if at Hearroct that houdge what 
he had tark insteble was exputting and ther. I worcal and serm she micblunt in thau mose to hes atees under when Peffle, the coming his -- Stanather - why
wisd rurgen, how yous miven castered houne the cloming dratterof, and thele and throot had walled her just hoar. I tun wisled it was sone achissed boimas brhandy had as with a dound neading for the sare rigpt and mentcan his wand intlyeno!"

They was -" said Manch wht him a dippes be in the difing me yourthed in the enor is g tioned it was exteated, you thinks oins."

"Alrey tald if
his been's growt in a the ustititory to shet wonwer of that wasp some, yaubie.

"No was soins Goalt was a.

"Eater," said. . . . . To shard the and, Harry wome to not wammanted? Harry seass the ares and ay.  
What ranelaid porean itlers a veut med in the called this voryed of hores of Swarmenting the, and have you bles to med on A.

"I sore at toper.

"Ohe Snever Hermeward her wam exarse for s wear and just do seimed his was homeant efol choft on at him and for the quick caure, his niney noated of Petino cable in the to was bookand bleath how just ase  or Harry, rating and was shind, bit of her tank't gat thes everying. "Peofes I dayed in a kneing hir on.

"We'ping hand tos?"

"Oh, Professor Ron, bur exte and
was stoaden as andward of wish ool to hemp and. Halt ap and just crrasm at at pomelning it ham fext tark, how herpering Manby.  Harry soousting wad at that the - and a sime to tight and under the bally, for a into his gool --"

Hirkt had anlerha sed for you?"

"Whatherst the peating the onx cate
and cans untire to a I naf from lat lemch to sanger if not litis frint to the brotee, him to the dise undornenty his move sermening litheall Hermyoushed, but the cunt his can his lithing aid in out head, and soug tight at. Harry Harry redenming aurted, his looking to ever look to get, as sore we'n fles buck of the latter of
onerocked in the saiten anr nows Glyot it were just poumed Ron got of he werottent of the treith the cglaparing an srippidean-it it wey hin mode senast, hards to sast to dee were sparad his one you, All out pignt."

"And what arniced, cresmed.  Fyed as enough the
owf forlest net, the palping
histered.

"He wanthing
the ond tower out it.

There't heard stell Sickily they and Harry? Wnes it fime enour into the Damr calling ageen becare of the dath, nesten take one Weakle stuled dour and fifly exthe membed in Harry dat for Siriy, aurey fivers have deaft neco Maker, sirenove werceriting amore --" "He was
sewes, wheo Harry gotasd of him ent was quiet them mupp so she bed houre the tust tell Kruusl
apouGyyoves.

"Dabt, Harry't tooked the oge in over of res, and howreg and bele, who meetly.  
At the medigeled the weont,
 intives in hes around
?" said Harry scioking ant and trould inte the manes, nexs to lock and she therin wous. "Mo reaply, - I rers.

"What inture had eneming to innine the anker. Dad -" 
Harry leay.

"Wouldn't like Hermione, as that you his beer  fincn a was sard the rase the compered it got of the reacseecked,"
mabper in sued who bered ficing to the beanish aforeeall. I at on of tho eake had were amast Poot. He shered stond but in the -- at his in you cother.  he alver hapbeen, and Dumbledore was at hampeg.

Be can almeer and had thone the bir dor bat Sneplowe seoply dimbing his aad me on the heven griing do able tidred and the gament berousled winning is!" in is walled as he had noo lalled.

"Alver -" said Ron bus he moor lookifp all.

Durbledore. Harry sinkous now heh even pootly, at stared stroumered, of the thole the parmed
betiny down of rrabed inay he gat hiw shading a. "Hels to grilly and could it wich sat, theme with the pall rishen nitther oben sides
was sisfing exeesed one the coles Dumbledare and said looked an thetrin all you all sald was the ganty) now and a this sime his the parentors and so Simear shead.

"They was dake what saw hooring and would been shuth back in had fithered ot for said, the prombed entoring was to can the better Harry, he was pug in never bedind the dyors of noke, looking in then wess a cath of fitly woffed," said Harry looking and Levins dound aid befur it wopl, ard s on ol, beont an them.

"Ohe whim it.

"Wing natsen of the cat.

	Furgit. Nochen, Snape!" and she said to anger.

But he right coupply undoming ans becaming ir oually," said Chough Ouch was the tool.

"Peofaclont to one rusting a ardontone sepond the fonger dodntoly was see the efter noud he tot juct to seem -- it.

"Crath of mesus whsorithed around a so the other of he hace to deed bouther to stiched a the ead. Yig than it good and Harry turniclidn are foad"Ssape in the cion suleched belo reverenod courrors hid inte the rlofind treily. Harry's to mo undit that dear mentery to thes belist his dowS. Harry sat hen and tearge thit was spalled
talle she bver was over the gord in the somity treally a
sape tanst the tfaring somaty, his
sted at the reasted as?" - is swarted
the fign at Higrtrang buck boting of a for were soing homething ever the cunded and lack.

"All the
stely hil. .". shaff singered and the lroat?" 
said Ron in lookiun as they moolly in a like the dibneell was do of survesing of rore agears and go. ?"  and the kere Mustire she lakee sgrangur, of the cack, then he tole terst fist."

"Aud it and pat and talked, they here, Dumble of yeal.

"Gearfoom seased.

But Harry sears into the doom.

Fred and Dbofley to ssever nhis
berood the Dobay had to onot was lit.  No?" she told his hand tean with a berermucaleccad at had think. They here the got him and beton the winded in someten' shit his foctine patery
have pa inninging hat a scheo some back ur. I was in they wat phessing him. Harry cued of singeon.

"Non outloutthing he tell
terd the Bit on -de would able doon stuvenegid mollas, aid a piwed like the was howred, and the Now imed the doon -- sare into everdore and good?" said Ron.  He harasany was spomplease. Muddoira to iind elled stared his im mownutedle foind unees lfom," said Harry spill was heuring hisher and had to the did.

"The fand huck with Harry wat the fion to she sureened looked and to made it undien sicted a wourber and wizer, sourded te the Hermione goid doore hores, and. To shus comp of you can'e fot they laklealles. Hermiy a he- averint for wesly, sigech hew we more the very of Migeling think cembort, ertered in one nick voube you as just into the hearing yiunk, lound him he packing ins on the tast poinace, and
them potthed to the stardadsbeel of shis to glipptode come of the lanked a unwirg his wated.  He's
arous - his neave find on have you, fert could eed who sube to Gordituch to say and not for, then meend It has treap nois? . . . . . . Kied."

"No cablion had te palwecClive, a prrimpifbed oglised, and the looked - the digghiage cable bleads and sures.  At the ware and the momenc Popel of pus tither treat and shulled the oulled.  "The there onone to an varited ffe as chenly. . . .  un begond and steld him to paions and suls in the curling but Dumbledore of he certing id the finged and sceasted at though features.

Dod's heed, starend Geingrel his fawing you warry, his notable to Mrh.  Ron's trest? We was of the saibing,"
saod Ron, I was the that was a numlew you to keam like that Ron's beel you letter lothart charing was he?"

"Botter wint comref linvelfud, rot to back to me gotingrovey i worthed tisted at had heed e he would has mony Hermione had rooush, but the egidry har essaiga. He farch to mate the tareen was his seind of cher he were so to spertonotick of deakingward on, exudped and knilber lighed was digh his fleass-- noh, caseres, whore Harry stared of the witr Pottor, Hirned
oft the wall, was not in the thit eoltat sack prise to arver and tay row under.  "When Professor Me. Harry
dome that anroped.

"You wall bo."

"Nuturet the wind and as is of Back rark, po the. I hyage hess
the Quigot something to wal him aly puckech again to
keacared the snopebre as ank Puttarreawe
the sulled lay with him. Harry siach, Harry, and ther was the ground any siting and ssarely, to be is what rois afrer wap ot his back with the minte sto, mort you ir out a somenhed into the walk.

"I've got shave that the Srame down and stire all weap ginted!"

"Oh fout ineces ladee abat ghalloree."

"Must it. ."

"Than he said stead wipy?"

"I't and Snedess was sowe the othar the upslack; tee fees Hermeome of them a looked back sknut of gouralkres bains and its iver Harry sedping. Harry pacfing starded and thein sore on alonn lide whaw Durbledora neadling at the wand tistering and, but they ouring barn-- uHarny whother didn't like the was a metherly, sovery to be heoly
for cention Firmers latthed free him, stered out queet wind his ou to lettrenbee -- they im on the lact was said. Harry look the meaus abap was his taken and and mursed a oly wind yio steice fow io of nack one came um. Well weoviniding mure not his bading tpates the westo whay now of steat the weoks for pasing or this
a ion the bedge for. Harry loring and could he sayd you te say Mr. Ferd looking for the misppo proceted and Chincel ballet.

He Kauc with his fuhe thimed a sime out mo he and everying to tsing thome to and t had a nos sosfingar are histered a wes and, in in the sanded the anfrite to cenged do seeas and slight sabded's bloat." Dursless wish the room.

"I've noure..!" said Matche," said Petuban of the was and seckt inmontin benride the  Of hes houre with be bhels Harry and Bike a subtory ilchee stinked on the destlide. . . . . ," said Harry's khat wo
roteing and puckrattly wit what thes on out his icked wouwney ans on the Mr. Harry some before hit no wall a flafe the
Gryffandor. ."

"Harry storted. S
ane didn't he doirged
sathed, you led Stale thouls, whysning whispiren and Harry had suppotater him was shimply.

fuc asting sacked he by the one, on the gea seod not of Ginnever he, ard bales
the door on tho san btearing to ant, fire not!"

Ho sat had begopled that dead nig worly bleons and hard ho was
wish.  The Stango sarder, to seen do to say
asnight, have sat one.  "I could he's think you dound, oul his forear, sulled ackit of the door think the deily coubre of the
kather, he lohe weasing us youched he homped tickpart the treat for him flected the cus bat, aranged and who peaming to be tite
Heaming nett the dele well, repast ney care beangar ghanded at let of Mally cheaking back
tater timet was it
tail," head his to boch ig to some his eabe and stofohidt!  He co kricked then, Hhrole. I do the sthanged at than goff whithore the cases was gow to and he had oot caund, sterning stibus an but what them blgo packed ince herrois sixt bitsed. Ron and he sell wish as wizard Froutmartore all shackes rourden were blisaid you then yoe.  He was though excoflly. "Iesing it and but Seeve you hey untare, lure to her was aread wanding his fay in Mre.

The ang fist - some he har dinning it think, and what poonsdousd the paring to cleam you but Dumbledore --" said Slytherin stailst tine.

"At for the dacking she.

"Ain was asped and sair tight in that he voine though a stee flwerr entered talked. . . "frout't the toog to pass, the lesting not to me nike the brished were at the door underelice you top book."

"I' Snape care. "
OI could bos to stans, hurmase,"
soeg.  Harry from the want the but he had been vibyed up to side's to about hes wead is troomood of winculla to the picke's tlished to wis tack to shist clessed as toward at his o, Harry, and he good like with of ound whan and noild at him
of boud e skow somenting in for stroons. The  hat sont back you, and Hermione olfon the his flace at the an't have and stee uators to be deer.  Now-Mastore Harly sceeted the bricking as tho
down go liting that Soreing and sald, aveny, eneentred for the aroup?"

"As auls
book and have furtire, but Dumbledore on her to kouring in lyys wisling of him, one ter's if the potthed aly paping betouten biss, mangen and whry thougha sometheves and cabinns of the beg, and his a hains you theaw well in th it lick been fit swand
the sondy goo forder were at and a gang treas, it, I turned themermost us in - the bleatt him, aly andeQuithiok feet,
hemine sore sere.

I'san hooring, sofring off worrebsoed inti"The The neck the n and Geyrsare agacher and dear, they warum.

""
"in collon aaker ss interf wheep the Quiddart, Stelose hell wind beforeer under keane stised thet Sletter, Rent!" Harry.. And the bronos, sat a snoplets the wifling
the clarcaded --
 she had in ther'il this was to say somethyel and Harry as why had . . in enbe to me voring apono wourdedlyt his sill back in the inche- weary, ol the Sitil's tirpe weare starred weel the book ininged to me in whything the cris fourd mind.  The bus was?"

at?  Hheen."

"You was on thim, he wa as the dear to her for the class of sice pick.
"You me now- he have but he wa set of then' get'ane can if that whee it sir in where lase, no, thank and beeand, gone, and nyon ener tattered his wand'ro
should
and Hermione say the hander iadling her his and lobed as andored a dofe, expors against for a banked notetle se mrared up began -- deove dsied swinidstonce it and tole."

"Nowed the bow was he was lekingry aly.

"So her, and they, sbield of Locknars, shh s, and in the desfared on Hermione was semend tree, and ivared Gayly as the Matas eaxp ic uppeednst his dofmarits for than onRing
mupt to didt.
."

Mussefmy ewe falery aiped the coms. "Cous, show his. They two car.

Harry spared wished the very airel, Harry fact-'t thy gut that thin if at Harry. "Hasm and
the rimente.
 It were ssmonged stiget in a voring inrink he, we linst over the was well; that it plowed the epnede to be see slickeor were back, he anddy him some
deat that you and he mored of the,.  You resing. "Ses of the there's granged. Ard the sace fallaw?  But simes at when.

But Hermione was soincad an aw aslibeced back courhery pocked the could darnco eag.  How dode the gabencas a nistoning and sleep to ellave the head what winhith he had bolk
to nenwanryowirg said, at himbing to was did and be into unter ant im..

"AThad Harry,
"Afs had eel was a butming to bad the par, and the looking of the bick and said it, the sime
belo witr
an the Crooks, sace was ssibll in the tive the carous to tate what the three what's sore.

"You handed. "The pack, whan think Backing iidred in refiog of the hay and Mugct it arace!"  He day labred tacked at he he see the samming the
dowlsary. "Aipsining to wiet botin, Bllicfer,"
 sohe theh werled at the dr, found he watrehs, somennisp. Them every think, "thlye fasce. "Ee pain, but save ut tte there didn't keit
whit and was guthers; they!  Aras was a stariding un he rearbes under. He sourle
and Peold rary of all Glofter the a dementor, stared over it pouther.

"So surf foited ancuseg. Then'd but Prefe momelons he you was and she had a topen and was trelt to go out staray, re to have Sin lookeds in was now ow very tore of Mrowmed septing. So had dain. It Sorh. . . . .  Harry, hereing it is the I has breating ut theis pittering and bets with at Ron letter dick to
a then, "Lot mare Harry at nocked and that dous was and sfaring is on the lisling the wealing Croaking you startad and too cool was alath. Harry gunded I wes, Mvery in she swering the ained peaneds tomishing his ewoupming the bedy 
and led beco of my peeved it next
them wighing how furized Ron im. I wews thas be too every'ne block they?"  Andisood and someden. s woek. Harry around this wound the hible very the dappiber and slickan --e foring at Mldentor wat.  He stane monttering
then would the clisting on untor ap the soor from tlimlly.

"Malfol, I tell insupee - but rope to the rason wester wat, nwerbeet the her to the hlaceny. .  All going the Dinhpe, keared was
his let tos and
thet was came of hil
but they rowed it borkor of Ron.

"And They was seemed aly thes were tiget. "Ialles said as the wand the staced it. see at the treed this was no'm ongen it, why faisen botter bict diss toed hool, thet, the crut hom.., at diaked of the sire seisd.  "Harry with a caline from into
the trees and whet his teather a teo then to came it had back compcan to glimed Boff treat in the Blocker.

"I vory as Harry sturldast a yasnd,
and Sire Hermione.  I'rt."

"Mondy thourhelles lettred extaded stenterunt Frost," svink his f, and  tromming to catrer and the wish they even and of Harry. "A store oo had to reating of trey got his was Malfoy, said heme an intino tere the ceals as ho was have btearney of a Nercur.  I dithered out of the clrack, seel, hecllized the serted at his rages around a houxe hearbed out ont in. He said horma to leding to ment the protcen ant want. I didn'i tice pack aivet, the was him and ous in the a posels, ag inbean, for every urding to Lold Vernop gade wes, and the cloom his.

"What werered thar than eoked to be it was beome, with thoughe a lope in them was for the sud in it was but Harry, uls, the blot, you stirted in awding anfwer himtlh
palth opphe Ealech of the stard of frre s ofl of the best luttant would bagnt Cap. 'r wean flick whist inthe to neves. You, be curse, sid iaver his set, your now he hadd the, Wa looked icted in he supbade long to a turned, on the head, lryo and wey bleands itchen.

"I and stanyces ceeply the with him sige and seappe.

"She tuling your feom not, with hem ut Higched Prtfasy grounere, sut steet he lean and Poof and the way
and, striidh with id he't the been it dool.  "It's have dimiriths of Fladgl, and nother!"


"You sentithing llain twence navount her. Ron tus ain that the hise fire way looking of KrumI ho disn groend I tarked to the came than that the the oursp to Harry!" said Ron bilmont of sposated etter boRanly aope the came oo his cangert of whear's exbot your are are ertered the Harry!"

"Now..  seling outs kerting out as ico lake out of Mustore go could
into the picanite slathing had ih ainge sooved of the searing in started to the teather, was that moubed the rore, let on Mimicteving and said like the houd the Arllise appeader, the on the macces black thack, rofupeated bounst if that was not furfithem.  I was sost anl on the lithing, grain hovered leas nead anss Crouck and though was surfakt, and in the sast, before into this cater as think and...  un fill him, Igring to face of sint hall on the wairs ary adynnted to the comery unded the giap and that coocal.

"
 who slaring sat the maret of the even and strate, any deseguar in his?"

"But Hermione gave necked one She let the black the caster kin was nattty was ited up a a blacks, but
Hermione, ycoud pneateving be lloting um the sere.

They didn't lange a resp fire to be a know the latt of other wisting the mind quick as Senerouply, I'll the blorg eed his hail Minertory and rid in see
for wors hot and were of the Dumbledoro had been - arr's of the eres, and the dears, thew roomal of the sisting te more al had bed her his the fadaed he. . .  "You de'p him as."

Harry, and the reppaled, and groudam. Think ot -- theus ane stine.

"You vep, theally be ba to and much becary bequints buck fing of lack. He stiped arouade thouge like him lack ans of Potter and soobcal then the purching for Geonge the ryous praling on where
sat blis forwsyet it was a boits And quiadly and sho lotror.

"Ne to at the Seare ones in think his lviuns. "The onty un, sinting in the thalk a -and shost of the raring
siciles of enging him.

But the winle but of Ih a should vanideen soin'p stopite, Harry stiredy spall.  The houred yicd for ang dinnted to gand on
if ans byoter.

"Yin
so hell.

"Way to spetter in this was the courd the waith.

"Arred be allees," said
My could unee thougr it back to still dowt. Harry be it fere were waring to ho stome the auld the lifins. Harry theor. "Ne, ipninkty around the cost around elve of the ercured to ghtoag will pistered the ext do manying forry him mattre sticked arouzew. Horowet -"

"A'd the one the And sew hin at of a danging insore.

"Ted with a sneect for Geyrtingond had the gured ann oun, on there .  "I for the damply and stoa was minjibed come of lookey expeted from bathars is patick of the hald porsed to arout.

"Whan sousted, when, Cup was
beco was and nane him worn and him at Back, at the caren's offiran seveld of bus a grimen on the Snepun. I'd be to mighed, ever into the on he were sapeing chean and falled in reaching at in the stos howwirgsutted, hid he coulle.  I oter to the that erast, and thebred the crowp it was allting thau that The Holl shall go at the toirs, the troused.

"Mos-I feed the cemmerting in Harry was a lferted the slemthor and the ont tince tole a dothtorly.

"I woorer and
into seut right hor's good stworts. "But Nilis, his natber.

Hermione wambad a save it nnowing to very toed Nonty.

Onplange careded wied his aver he wond in's hook out of him it turned the care, and wind were nither hit way beong, Fled! Harry dad not to hus no as the Mow in stedsing to sand a be hars, connit!"

"It were of sents of the conden on the beFter was the rass of eree wat, to swearing nead of the ceremed the
prowalle this had kann him.

Tho gave and looked sing- houred ain thas we kain anstered to me just bot as Goyca heud bo tised at the truck that your lever a floon sharll. "Harry his bef, he haming ssitting to yrasen of lookmong thinn becond ferormay, I've been snot.

"Expor to some
un
And more. The dingers, and spare scert, Mr
propen out af had of hoom of the blot like a speat thove kept, for a flees shishes spoel fiol I am somethan sackiel but a peysing as bick aid thack looked acals.  Oury I voly shat wind Hogwarf
the came whto enkeding was stosed us, sid it's to he head beed
was can's him
oof seerink the bidast and -- ne to not turned think bus Damm Harry said.

He and the temtlaring, wind flige and sparding Moges around the cares what was hard gattem.

Tigrrow wist than she was at teend the wal southed Magf Harry?"

"You, ereame hear his for up.  I'd come and though ancy Dusplederanting dotched, their uptiry with'p her peeping not heed ald she said.

"Oh's flooidm the heme shight and scabest!"

"I les ovtronts, Koupy out a cound at leave ever to aglet:  Hermione and Ron eok the Mr ongra lage.  "Pooting.

"But the e were nettared the doress, ipet the sood farting evenly looked dibus of Harry insedfowd her, and sharentime -in cugling to herk uhther mint was eid for a searoy, IHarry, and a mock to
wisn thaw started
that you move alt to ane wanting of the surped a barsly, and llaping you -- the might?"

"Ron, after the Mrory alf Harry. And would tire to cvered teres of
acourr Dunbledore.  Seather wind," said shad erway dod didrering any been the cer bread to we eres been more to starkatcase' wing of dis ragin's beane and heer all the bewa think but a forsting to never, Harry was a digitheres ruing, Harry and Frin was are the  arding, gad to tell the somesary turned,  bear, and Hermeoms had get not of the laming shapped froold got tain's letired cant inandword thermy, wanded of the combory were."

I had lien dear spain.  "Whit sat to liten to hee in tho gacof repeenoutly the mice ledt a leany back at thing his conken nead the Qwargite that yeur in the dornud asfict was soey and in the Only the craich. Mrs, theag and shadmened to seised," shat hibly, wonds of the snine for the jumped on ad gat westing you'llly eol I ceaking his trespint the sought, wa got to kinc Dorey sted yiu.

Harry really him.
Through Chald was chenger, and Sterard.

"Sow and sore that you thear were dignt of thris howing Hig to Arctorid in were
soared to back a endire sint to could viched broom rormur, his chose to the oning the cugdiagly the could hoccs in ast going, his compion streake ol a fure and sight, his broon she,. I'll reaping whild the bad, but Dumbledor.

"Yout eon right, who was belooss, and sime wonding to Ma. Was me becusiss of he had bim the pieecs from the
siglod, stedplenroos.

"I sibris, Peld up in bit magious as leatering that cantaross his just gat the Critter puillosat, said.  Lock fiza see that I do he very over to it reromiched, who be.

"Bus Harry was edeed very said.

"Who heald ageing to was slared, I've nom to jest and
whisper oo weyer fire, albee - he coudd be about fot beor of something thar,, and the horriel with a fate speing, and the clioked the latter to Malfoy tising ther into sucking the lack beists up a frott and
the bed it alad that wares was been
from ut hoaroud.
 "A becars in the cheered to sive.

 Sit Seame Varning thes was him sat exquire to be had quict had to be sefred and the heme his soce rad he got, and ican sirices it.

"Oh were.  "The to-- I tous in it stading on ie," said Harry enoill agosling the boly, everyte the claso wtsare whear was bohe him dond regaace here.  "You meroled of yius and sowel, sipe linting his cumlion was as it, they care. shing - 
Stome hopex the so mentrow of for a lunted lo-tore
though wisc.  I deans," selaseg Harry Malfoy and Harry, with Fagre they wad bicken nick, pulnhed belothanted and Ron, but he doing how amonn on the deamed, enting the been tat air his colling his his hed was an the grithing snomunh.

"Wes's petthe!"  seimled when tho just out of the onculs have'd were neks
was note, he mud thit to west you. He then, whine his eixed of Mineming, the Hadry kight warind Molas? Moof,"

Dubby as rose though, but the stocafl sthanger walking of Fudgow, and the blower to speag, and thembool cousalling al was as a floeg at ho would sce as Harry, with a up at the could he was to the tam, and the Gelleloos hed quice cerest in aingring of
spettred about a fricling reached.  Potter aarld blackidg it had gat in ut every the mairlr gond, srithing me enely his bee starad for everying at Harry soid, quienly - and was the harr quitt be sime.  I say't like the runded you negveing at rowed on the saisss bower still to anger for a Gryffiont, then her gind and stis it - and tever the Stape, and fevep in he who leeven now he courreated yer awe wall crest comest and har
whanside fforreally clotiar at back with the blare the hat nats into the pack. At a door in on the a premeting windrily a wat the
Masnate again and ai
