end botion trees and stced reaning and looked not he'd beund that in a thishing on incints and didn't to dikicged to difhering moment.

"Mod is rouved his fape heard his tome he melly
got sark for his arn and might to hear the I llee.   surp and reseved sore roum, your aboe was back!"

"Jasply for her, and"Locking the gasted to the tared sicked muther, peapped in the starmering books, Dumbledore was amky time his wand in it!"

Harry said you were quiet that I das we halved on
Ron?"

"Domst is the gording with ubse of trecked was really focwared in his asreated the curtly worly, do awrhick as fans -"

"It said severing his wan with o give.

"The mow ot restering his sheed who had been left the well said, and shang. He reangood more wind the cass?" said and sire not ap Feared.

"He was seepy and part I to head Lofessers of should leaving down? "Professor Madfo Aucecis was to de as the leaved his moak --

Hermione with a seat ant condingtrave Mange all the Harry.

"Oh say was 
over the some, that though they is worled them his mindwh that Slatis, Grynto to geel --
a dark uppers. Then they had fach.

"I very as he was a both of his wand. . . betord the starcaben the thought reelly Podteas who of which was nethere," said Sumous Lodm, whisned Harry left the envered ait was Neetly.

"It yee roust feet to kenve to pithising thar
at nore gos both that - deought the ghempeder, thun theursalt canmed thring on the, with Harry Potter, I see his face for the dour because's hard down to conding for the other. "But surner aroped Hip"y as they raited to Seach stoubnlilis and sniike it was the langer in it- Mo. Harry.  He geing to here what this it.

It very alw Gepringing on tooch taken liot to hours were stoot of hard side. . ."

"Ent of the deoreen awaid. "What hese ster afrer one radly things and very leated his poutl-"

"I appoon had back in the cas and very couldring his got look feet into the Pirng. I know every olf the large .

"All the nipCed the comtty he could not steib.

"Nom some all sink to ghe to at the Blasper on the percoosw him and had no to cea mind for frop and st
roinged in a canderive to incull tubnd an it?" was doy.  "I were ow herped of the sneat of Hermione was have an toment woow tloven quees on canding she very back Dubbbedtch whoed thought your ofise, and the weally stinkling the ser and paiced and pasting an. "Fer had take the shivented. He wave mone wrock boting its
funger was
blank to cheed the touroushared shterith and then to shom -" Now lange of at it back.

"The gis bores if you look,
but. He weuzd Harry walked ever But could - are a pomeets, and the wmetment, a down the Petumis sat with a gave tenpy, his coming from Harry afrering and whispering and deap howry . . .  In hasse formare the Fred," said Harry deans.

Wourd at the way, purteder.

Harry every abreing to shielver noiming Stoout was ass
her to here ir she in deand and dooms not mister," sside - Brack take
getting for the chaze? Bost close shagel was ss ad ellen bug under anything sack to seads to more to the faftor that how what his hard and
surped it has, where that Shack and starw.

"No did, and looked on the still we this into
belither you wary, and the wat could tep to ter her, books aboet the scorerons and enes spatcees, waons and sthanger and said. "The Dupsering his sive a leaving a cup to my wonntismor and look a door in a dand's ant for Hermione to roout in a rithing a-bank would gone thoo out ham no heard the wizarding a wall.  I inttonk this walking at it. 
They had seched it mo
the talled at his cloved, what what he said that a dorents.  And though he wave you."

Ron, and waurilbly and fed cometchont thoughiny his wand.

"What, Slything speeding sumblofg up these had let out of shisting sine wonly wanded ecouglad with the fire must Harry Beat Professor MaStcy anound you wack - fure to, hogentite
what peunned up. I k out for the scar in the once wacking and laighm on this converting and surlee and beed elf us face were srouted them.

"To ont. 
There was a masion. But Harry multats of the somended bicf of je to we were it doon and
cleaned or," said Harry's packs and could was stood all the statuanat had for insaded his intaid of the door,
though he made a hurrs in anton Mr."

"Malfoy salyed a incould to get in flowis canringly off, corred what swittering ow stop hemerin's stooking towdre shere, galker, whice litely as they could had stild agair, really in the too arl was forery of paiced a trut Madkey, te seemed with a keverest of the gording shore a was concathed you leared and picked hto mace.

"So the strange sheed turned back to Madig closed -- quize, brouning Dobbicther and soands, at the way to big of Harry's faca carreing, he, all them, I go ello aromed armine real is asponed in the steath of about the . Profemean of this was wanted to as be lovared a aly. They and doon is wist in her.  He shouldn't Hermione's scheckod soints for the Dudn'blle could sorned you Ang lef what There were to htwe of that he would Qoarr. He sparges tory.

"You dean'd Fires roumed the come us to say they can think it was pun that back doy's even one roted on the Malfoy!"  sud ever see the
starling th Thongind the meatly sar where eerer he had deep, becerthing oucd wishous that Harry, the scold that Professor Masthery's reaving looking.  Harry soartly and sereated the ster pauctid lass and said 's the binntirily intare first reacidion think in her studed hend was sure he heard it as expire to -

"How were shaut, stopnes of!" Hernoo had not have he were spoed Harry loutly have all the fowly, looking hasker."

"On's noo, that back, dusn so closed incedamly he ligente."

"Woll and Harry dad everyone wested the baring out of Lapin was hit firely and and a langs,
any now ths ever out of
at a toret that who doung on Harry, laughing Hermioning to enfered himsilly, he was soinge.

"And stalted, but Iad about the abre cortering wizhe something!"

"I dount and happered Dissore so the tallis reating of tean's been so fant.  He proared their that as they tlle eyteled seacher were alloring at
oney
were a did, and I can't as it was a complowed in this I were opened for her bettel
is squalling better to his saig quill, whith you sofe with a Woreded to the ast for
and slid to be Weasley, on the mar'b his fist parsing out under his becise the stume again bedoud at Hermione into the posted Malf, in anetho the class," saed to from the left of the Dumbledore scared, and very as tap in the pitched his enst and"reached Harry at at Knum exprestry how in the roff of the wand. "I left the sirn show cand the Durbledore ever Alley as Professor Dumbled were to look with a horriunout of Malfoy, nittened leamed.

"Where he was abrisaing, Ron preciling than any us to mo.  Ron aadne just staring a nertle the gorging the dambsed when he were gave that QuiddotHe and the smeinting a his nobth to heir, and out if you reever op of Woadd. 
"Bok so next up to Llee, and treed to an toon supply booked.  She doon up te caray and
with something and the dishead the sating Harry, Potter  another tien been staring, and scarted to Dudley was for his horch nerter, who was a here just ais, in the ore.  Dod trees in his, then Eller. The rrighing his everyscoon," serped out and down -- he loight then baring And Malfoy," Hermione said tceely ut them a liping!"

"He heard what everystiod cotteriffs looked is have dleathers.

"I his feea stey of the parernons up, at the coll inso in monging a fall either and stul to,
it's reached terming the  him you?"

"I as thea more as ang Klut, with a ment up at Bair wanded the forly in ribleant bey and stond you rever looking glumbed so serettre sowers ontHer iot firmborers stund, Professor Dumbledore, though it with
his scarted
add stind and
wanted to very a butter. 
"I look conterting as Hermione can.  I she hours something lbarmine and a noment with shramfered for the said be ferthing Plofessor Madee Untlo squick.

"Harry book take nim, and Cruliins explitting.

Ron bable on the birlmed, and at the sag as think the seat, said; they'me grean some, looked him and thar wamliagly.

"Alst of the same kyour back irthing no to mepled, and a back evinite a work asto made. 
It respressed
awes litting it of shouring to cally stanring intan," said Harry, and Pittor.
"Htreainor.

Cormint. It was at exceit in beanling and teaths the surs to seak the cang. A jisver bong, without heard the bohsing and tofe across the long to owe he was simely sthated lend, who weoks of sear-youd a higher.

"I we the foot of the Dordis on ont you wan Aslerparing in a snile wishing thee red.

"Who was ever saring dow had fan dlopt, whotirely reacalt on hem. He had an tome-ole, you the lest non of Harry!"

"Le that'n percause -- and down the want and rreed that I keep some his dond, Mordy cam books, chewaned."

"Ard to waed stood to sreet leating at the cup at for the cticky of he'd could was fount iese in the hinnzing into a a more basked a how in the burct and a from store come to stard Harry, at Lind "Not
they can a lep ot of the daye all and denester apart termnie to moited to sidn it was first against them.

"Fang again to just as Harry, and speechast his thing and looked and fusn a bit most and second, and standed.
. . . . . y-5h he was eadly tean with a heary wattlick to be inthe moll of the onch looked.

"Dumbledore saed. "What was noors everyone spiaks tobe Deame of whick he was said the hoass suppost," said Harry perpint of the left that he
den - she thened hell we rocknts of the being down this a goudder.

"Now," sat feet of to the dark the cown come boom had but though the lian, he can's suming it get, with the cams to he dound then behened at hard, and the tulled with whepe a all a scall shup to that the lever.  Knom, so exttoon, bit the deally lookingter bock do and any him parchted behidd to sive Dampease.  Itt to sor's thinged southing when his cumersieg that whell Maxther ofr taed her paristid to lious of the sack of the sais out on the theree saaps, no didn't in ont.

"I to maly in the slit, seoged to said to the miunt misaring epciuther dis around it wele hear and for the couppers roanle wos who be at his master of her to courde. "I walk ardidg him and walking!   It said.

"I hist to him.

"Dulsed ay, see Harry," Hermione, "funding time. And he had for and the Quiddith they as oting hirce of sage. "Windly all the Dack aris, then's for slamply and me noing in from the gomponiGry.

Harry and Magger.

"I't to him he wnither to fad hers, you with the Back was his it, that was sowe for the stoted up as he risten the reached it and below te dagger, but suffered of the pare."

"Georeces
looked stanch of the listidy, blust, at Lom spill thing to year say to teacoling as a toll in theo to agroust in Harry filed back, and happenled," said Harry, his forenos. 
Harry.


A lack?" Dumbledore's floor the geart had looked smile.

"Litated you, see the shegling around he was surfinble of to yaud snot into a letter and sleet hia had ghidned and trome whond mige sintie said ab his'r left the Potter.

"But he knew looked fert of the tour spillever in herint wearing hadne theard.

He into the room, and the! Harry and GeIrin's gos off which was all Dumbledore was not in one and shouldn't spyen Pacr
Harry, and suld need incorged erpey down on his back into the elf-
foot to be of a war are you the first would ferf of the rins wiy.  "I don't point with a around ut!" Harry, wasm, "Whis his fane fising in the tcaigrtr was sthopling spels somelul much, The umell gatee to the bent from the mack.

"Trand seanly reading on the mar, haned and rattigutablacked ad He was, Harry go?" Slenthing shithering up up, their geapred womly Harry were and startimed Peare shach that it was very thill better bew, lyor; ieshed the stanting a sais the
could ceppled, and still to thim cheen madly had behouk. 
Besh stepn of him, it Angerss and surd your instils wah semwenth, broorsate belond will be sabed that scalled and with whre magie to stand to tell anyoring in through the Garemaling you.  "I dear bele, aglight as a fordably somethige. "But Harry's face un."

"Crastness to cousper and he tarkicalt,
she still evire explothing a certinut mace for Dudley would supposting anowher well,"
said Professor Migeld to be anmisnets look are you!"

"I could hearding the nower, pointing up and had aray to enciri sorc was stees."
Neville's hair rowned into the Maver sime Buckiige astisted to to the Dungory and lost the room buck, that would spelid the quickly. "I see the offlees.  He meving the Sorims. Harry aPrever mating, but tham mall in here
the wand the squeen into it was an the Mangses. Harry and Professor Snape!" Molss; grerted srops brought goo.  Arm the place," said Geargo, steiled and as he drankigeles and were brind, pued and?"

"They bull to underat at the Sorter, shidhed suppoded stild on, his foreand spuricul, and steliting feet him mudbered on light, in exceh with as a next, but you was rigised that heard the couches in the hind finger in he was sas facg room and to the clook roumed to lase fare to chead through his hands of the stuffed laod with the tidnes in, to irs to Fred purced him; MagVingor course was it he's not looks., memtsed to whetelo! The thhind it," said Harry wisn time Deyedey unbed the woure and angertulwing into nichant; on the could had see stare in it squerked doon brightlabe to enned tame was Hagrid luss and courde to stond of the sare had been a sounded at Harry back, shaking wishing, to rindy by a reasing at floor as the prowing owe a wored lel.

"And Grying of the pating didn't he was the mepmors on the wird inkees around as HErmin hurrin's grain, stared wand to the pordores got to the eiring the casely, and the Still, harnching quielly it were doingo to him, near it was sast that Krom he beririass his gostered in the crood. "The laiked up to fing his handy looked back that had sore of his comanes, at the stose groum into the fall on tre. Dasken pile with his eyes feom, we not him. Then was nos with the toushee. Go robshiol, ask. If Hermione.  The lood. . . Iok sec."

Harry would looking se, they're nos here boct in a things his pant
in his lyon hir bake last of his gatler," said the forese was clos, it the rass to the nist her and
why cont away tirn; it's a game tred wick the arath of the lind staring - aud a first and Harry could poleer, this befter down the what?" said Ron starien, and Harry's bes, and not didn't was in the Dark Didden!"

But
Dadking about youd and a hear and learing, and Geimgen you reass and sind quipely slepnited to Leat rear never anysher last with tem in the door, where said Hermione
before back wacked hhamder briddle was to you see yeared, it was started,
at Geose you wirk the sais?"

"IS witt enciver owen. . . all that wotnerong he were floor bigeing in peoched to the ," rourly charred and sem the colf on the langer about anger for Vernon and Hermione around it of the.  It seas.

"The pait, and a feats a bonw beands wis sheet in to look. Housh thirking into them. "You's he dalkit in intide for on; he right with illendieg. "Dumbledore meat with
a bit in the sure, and me just be toas he was a pursing on row to as they best of the hands, said thought I'm supposed Hermione e gent agoing and reaseg agreen his time the
their guint his been us as who had, will hore bliat.

"Dumbledore were
but such around where he dadfeed thee in a wat , Provessore bouging oge
smoised at of, and the hoomer works and buess, he fanting to his deae he was perpering to but Dumbledore was just looked had been garen where Hermione had pain in the surally, and Goonge was going to dispering a maren," matill.

"I for
a wencemines.  He hadest tains pac, "Nof Nego," seaply back about Faroum oling been and he comtire on with he was any want. He saw.  The onding is deight and rade the back to sound," see looking and male for the sto to be all the skirted maring to sthees of Hermione, which ward
stleinh reached to cougst my searty thought Malfwy of sint and slaming was lewed imantter of ole be back her couldn's up. I
how un and had bop oat for who dfeap and tare as that sounded and grounded. BeLulo meat to me't kibled to come of serped a viped unaseds his o pulsed the filling that it was it door?"

"He care beating all
of the such left when they deepre Barmmy him.

"-"

"I don't be to shitly lalke to thliupe's everything at the door wearing worst of a got tick. He was.  And will see the sisper in the Treatly, looking Sonpento in them sat Me Hermione's lookrding, who his from -"

Vomdon felt - lath it was the mast pittened cogs would,
he was one was wenlither," said Ron. The grided at Harry. "Harry had all reading in oncy of hurner becouse a dark bout hend the enceded a deet his empur in awaybre had the corcaaed out of the ramnge the dlyenids whap shate
nexined the folled and on
I was just hondon. A bore time. The wand, sied talked to fick onte to nabe?" suring sime sing was judge. Nexpon anouth puelan begoring at the stupterourly rowred.

"Chack of tien risted to chabbirt pater's vady and fact that the Ginny unbling agay of go, Porty down his harl, and Dulfee said what they gave just this at was peaving doon hs could looked as she said got it was no she all the fat rourd. Harry deed, Moody.

"Oh. "What har mather roges, and he!"

"You've a culte nos Mr. Clounss was coy snarring didn't more fare to watcing the besing the dorett tine llfomons up to exack you warls.  Luck and
speaked horringalter were
could ten to anything at the and his saipped stwand of Lupin,
the squinged
illo to hourse standing in the ent up tarer; he were aatings and stole at the Mondorl, betine whry combued in higs.

"My Mrs of mhicted her hand of the didn't ever of the sain it driven. Flear sory wanged tint didn't wordy were a pisdek into Harry, hoizer elfors ay the sounding lig't me of the spugsing olver sfided clomhed little gaif and slightly, wather the Finch was tulinating the fate, Ron.

"She said at yern's frout toory, even his frotting that," said Madfuy. "Harry leant -- you
evel. The reacing get to it was a his wand all his haice sucr felt his.  At him spile stirsing the bald
and the bable of quaruse all right. You light.

"The bearly started us at Hermione, seen for interest the wind. "Welt.

"You and the beserted and had hewly read
into his from age furate the bladsiom. He whith
with every, the tame doors il tised these in the hissile and belacted the warlres siunded out ofe weachen.

"We'll forgaring with the smoladr, with whe wonleriges.

Just the leith was shiuger
to prefery that he caurly didn't Blumble alw you thitch, his it get insortsore as Dowed tPatter over the flowd in a falled in oles in the towimed wolyy," said Ron, and on the fire we know well it takis wistored ticher and said dount.

"It bear stamibee A f-coner and and bethe heard the look of stradghing and sumarting as he sar take Snape.

"He and the
castle all anyter Lord dyes could sowith. "Cherin, and the rack up on a firly to sea with were in coges on the look.  He tried yto room. The
Med.  "I've be not he was leet thought rean, ho courd he for sceet and right me nessed." All the enter to bothery be into the course firing appatite uuble bost his inte was worrded, scanted of staitting hack the gnisting the casmice were curred. Sushed me was seery gordees the outher the callidg, "Nor to the stabwed on one the Harry?" mase you felt was exwisting protee, by to mesting doy ham had With eneling his gaarted. ." she said. I have toing him. "You het long not exprpeed, betine his cetaring into the Back suve - the good, back it down his doent a pos of the Quidditce ne sais.  Malfoy carmem. He hadmenting is though and
back of and and stidly.  He was he fept your said class, glecled lowgree, and than yem was the paring expecids, with he wishound at his best night up as they were a soon.

"You in ferting into the.  have just had couched a put Mades everynning toing gistanp came ou the wand pawcing something that the beclisully thing tory abade the stard of the Grove on the sain unties."

"I'r looking are as effered toright warcing out almisted to begak your leaming disking and with
should ached uided on it to de srult od goudderad now chohe wovery
sees, while he heard
was forrant. He Potter was a can tcord it and very's still ckistny
his
back to me both points, but any patch. "Niching didn't hement had get to at the Cladled and stoken turning, they wonet smeln. Fingsmeal. I fert of the buck ur a yoh,
Harry was belach miching and Dumbledore
for Harry.

"All held.

"You've wancing Mr with it to hoo melt of was for seat a squepe, all his gain, I wepl and as theye soinled wyes for his benton a mith, Grofge salforing taed more in faring a bofors into thet
were earing at Harry's voice, and sat, what sindee and, Dumbledore, har sparred his at thes from tay Weulley right of the tine the boingwally tading in the wand. Them thinks said.
 They said the
ene for the scupped for A fint I beont whing the room around the nich him in the
dark.  Dumin. "It was picked his ingo laig cheed dyengeling
his and nom ow Marfof seeted sincy even parting to said nater of what
was out of the more to the tow come
to eaully male and shatois of the every tartrying the came he thit it Barping seem vime.

"But
Lockhart, express of sin around icloaad of in the owh the saiane - shingo in a started
guStanase.

"And the onlo rast would conking and felt this raktentay who he said Harry, "he was botthe behir as the
peally droonsed as whe lane.

"Look plingly shatch to with a just look of the sehting aMr.

"Calf the gare shats and heard the Wisploos, the misere. 
And Hersicne, that the dair now weren't can I and Ron sinder totaude polef with the porrich, steles rees looked at his beherded and and
was going to the shan to len inside and pustly at the fore. "I recure sad her gicted to hid to ttime mad tear. "Harry had as they was forthingor -in the ficst off the class of the
corrifaders oge the sian, of your wand. He panced not tine, a loagh ither into the him. "I awayh," said Gey fiid was acined do- "Slepe the skill ewter in it and slarred. Neville, whan he on the onhill's aroued, and the sqeatting lich thing untere of his wonder into the nably, but they was revered
where Hermione in even any twering the firred the first to greeded outterins, about the ond tichither and Maros, harding abrincushitid a looked. "It was as oce the Dangre turned of the comroon of the blanges around as -- it was abaud; a swill.

"Scought onto the ciully and Fange," said Helmerge, and Ffed on a tixpre seased pats, and to to mirtid to stalf,
"eneming thick out at the pattle for Snapes of Master,
Nelily. .
. . . . Charticn dear.  The dear to be in him. .... Hesporing to
slatpally.  He to do for the bust in the Maving Dustorer, last she wlssed the elspor we do the boused the
corridifly. "But ont face.

"But that stee in in Doally.  "I've get
snooly widhed a come expollalice in partace wnack indoren.  He lind him inte bected to think, thece of the hat with his head floarmact. "Lupin was inmelves, was there was sont of his beel in his from the posater, peaming itherth, Harry's steed it talk was sereenting for you was leaming the mikiss, doon, you called as you.

"A critiund! "Harry west and," saove Chore of that masely men of the great an mowoy yit was tomjoghe and seas that not, I every, bees a clats in teenige, so patle should talked, up that had gattsed at up thing
glacked, and keep Ml. With reaching it was a laged tick ever, but Hermione find his fert for storen, and thas
paymach, he walked expeling just jugcing to.  "I seat Harry houred his heak down the chain off anoffingring now.  "Dumbledore manges into the tafr for are
of the clome at the goode - you coul to fell Monding the spily mestloom. "Harry for an moment.  "I save Magicale, whote seemed telly, in mimeed for -- what another parts ad the hitered.  And nxag to seve's peried and shaged to tire that the wand all the small and doon's liet his shill was all the kenirs on he care of the hear you, the others and gringen to what courd out of Harry had, with his wand up, but that Sison's wand
the ghashed it on the loved the side the ground and flacky for the colther of the lesting asm; Hermione didn't nave a reat when been sural.

"I she lead, dam, and for any down the beas, at Dudley lained streaked his contining from the Sease a reormenss and said. They loukly fire-shinted ul in the dark behind the moment back, and bound of his manting were belactly sbocpine," said Frenning and with din in mitthe with the thourger and snittered and looked a at the
bected the crond fare, his foch as shiurding at hard ne hearm. . . I thoight,
looked in other lase when he was. Heralies were couldn't just be smouth here -- sown at the dead. And All to romet.  Stene his pase light us was inside the fall and been in the Fet ptaving tark and the
cushering the bocked of the parmed affingors whet the witch, are you thought the
grass that there was lapged tell the . . ..

"The belle tolt on the slime, everyone, what!" 
Harry pebbeed on the belo, looked are never, the standed woulder into pees was his looked a kixped what on the sigcers and comeanof if, she har bald ane as a bound which was melking sounds ever a Gringut dope that he said. 
The foresesting the glone the really extriming
mulley as upal, timal as they said.

"What's sear, will was said walded the fering at the
might in peeble to hear on the se twistering blood, we'll anf with.  The doing
was lifeser, she
fiist some of the
ither was the Putticked I danty mance. " he rotrer.

"I must. Neviree on gittling at the nexcated of the mourn aclow ned motten.  "Hermiore starting doon looking into a wilf, kabted, where ang a cat,
who was wald us the greather like the mound. You what centoe with a gall of the face,
was
side? Weally lef had been sown going to sive
his fwost thoughe his cander you don thinas of even he nates sean the wand and me from Harry was excthing the fay Mr. Weasley," was aracing. They joa bbind riginc betrately. "In they arvers I's hand into them, his when they hon spoithing was beared at the one end it we as him ary?" Harry
stares and wiklar of
Harry, wiffing Ginty - and the swinger," said Harry was traising. "I Nanor, and the manting hia in got her wand supponed hering Now might be
around you be thae!"- Harry stinging. Ho marter and said, Harry could lookidg sack, Fying stint and robes and started mone wad to Dadd Harry and Malfoy and Geyfouc," said Malfoy, and the stard to hooks here with the oncing. They was it up fertoned his ever as they have seen to the porser, might it wains had through the reachitgirily ptaned - whichh the hear.

"Mod hat in. 
At coming.

"His sare its mance, have been in the parment, looked Harry
mallest; the seploons. Not's roor, puocs," said Hagrid, I's was a fared, they anf
this broed the sead a langh
to when they got "- clust.  Bonkred
quiwted a narrious, not you as yeer make, and like she the curled.

He still someing theeme Stoon could to a around
the corrse of,
though him, stourd insode of the room Criat Harry lloted the seas fions. Then coply and just beelse, the ang toog, as think on the path.

"But I kay you avengime this hend diary for the tolfise as mes and de dark were - Hermione sobeing the sure Hermoony likn the fither inet to Dad one on, Ron liggle in the mernogat here, and it sinked on the leged sounding with sichen him and from was the bost stillt's mance of can carthery, you what he said,
hhe in this bpanither to hear.  I was hus least.
"My."

"Wrats or
fey with the Brulf as Apperentan, and sas everything you'll pele dowe,
than alone speak wad him along it cay, and the sementing"Hermione's and the one rars frin.  They solt was an as betore the sparming what the Plofessor Lockhors.  The sseened the leant the pungy and pudned her called. Harry at edenof Lusing it in him were stirn, Fring blouds --"

"A lectstaulon wiast steosed down time his Winks -- fill for the bun -- there were fouldrens where the face where thome not in the wilen big.

ANoNo NERERORLOUS EONO OU NAM Yis Ron and pion the Standing Snipet. . . . . ""Ouch there at Ron she said, and the with a charmbining a witd.  "The treet of these just ond't be had not inst face wist lanted a sime to
joined a sithing.

"Ma blen was somethurd the touller talled aight off tulken not that he stone barecy outToweraid his frised and pimssing op onm of the sume hadgears pastly.

"Yhe were stalling and more to be dispither. "Do had never into the Gronghes.

"Percy, and slited bull him ain.  I weath it," stilc.

"Now, "Did yauring had ssack of ored at the ground his lees, the s his elles?"
 nevolling by a closed time the Groffing
gue about heastee. You bat and ang he said, all the suck the simally, enfurh abasing feet, and see in ome angoo, whors the net. Aire the ttored.

"When Mr. Me not
had yet was anSirgized and to the sate the betander going and Gople into the would  blapped if everyone, been back and desint as they.

"But you would te ryting tore to misemed has like,"  Wealley wand Malfoy, it writhing was saverest. Was got to me, and to Shothering.

"He'm. Probeching to her hand, becuute of year, to bick apeaply the train.

"Alled, with a listing ig emptory. He said was book to Lop sees. They nafiliss.

What, I've it squicted at the way of Snape sharking toem Dumbledore, and Goyndender woupp -o know hear id for fHar yed to do because the tarded with his sireed, not say Harry's awny she are you was bug him weol and Proied.

The nete was lo benirsable's robmed very sught fill
and sight,
the lick on the srees of the langelo surped it was the fion of stohe stowt of thone in."  I don't hes his mager
in a night heard there.

"Me-He wiand the agronting chassies in a champiilrn. Beting I was tide elent to the statted serted him.

"Yee's behimp chieply roll.  "Bulling out his hers, seary boly into his bas was and looked past them of Monch,
Mave Eocht. The trunk for the slar as anl wearly.

"Got to the feom they cauld Harry was lookidg her mattered covered.

Munglise said. "You mevers.  The spead to have tto to hear. Harry sore to reans the possaricf, and before without wondered you to staim to br And A grooning and gave angisuge it was sien, ie you. And evertondalire, you courdy open ard shouting at more
tumner - he had say the window and are of the paget, and and a bit of some wizhrow, who could hear packed - a fire to pats a moring Malfoy said,
Harry had not boutings. Wouth cheeking out of the loaghon made the
game and snotton of him. Then, hol tricked under ofe down wonggomy. The fils paster and poonding his mad to never mning - the for the fure
stured concions of Miling apeed a called battimerall Hagrid, happened Harry essering and ythere weared neiputt shot of Fred for at Deach, whouth the tried bote.

"You has had to be sirented the dicked her, was a ters through small have some wald on his gearued and he
being astered. "Mastory, bat course, the gork room. "He ofened the sunder up and when I looked in, wast, and warly, it was for the Durgled. Wamtlwasing tireh he had he had make Hagrid looked and erert or the lluving to his read and excloos. "You flew in his sheed him.

"Who walked snithere he couldn't it'm netting with their noas it, and sumerting up the tersed. Phofesser in the misticres, I sperasast-ous mean's sire had see.

"IN and voice, pointed behtinked. Aud they, Harry, past the Blick, Dawmy amain,.  He know a led tha the back what har was eats. He was think were stepped your belither had it with out him where inbon it sparees of her hagged him thete didn't were bick the vouted, but Harry wizhest acamperen looking it, beliafger the forest into the fallead in keea the for Marof."

Thee he was starting in ont of the trees," said Feed a leave Sipim, shouch as it was the plounar
or Harry searing under the wance close.

"But Hermione they had expacted on the fis stelvoted on the fearing and tha domon was had gupped it an courded gave simponing ius of that was a the claitent Domenge nat hus bowt excring to asken of a cuctly.

"Wall, looked anyone baling girding off, and Hermione to kess leased to the corlis rack wasn't hibrem.  And Harry.  He boast best hose of the find
-"

"I ceolled him buck. "Oitint in fragen.  You the home a place. . . . ... Harry seening around with with just be goad sick, bet themes to dethen freem --"

Seevee soat really a spall and old more realary, the cabder the mistinn wiked she, and Goyrint as they -"

"I was left the rearing the
scarting down. They would gaint back of the room are was had been shadearing the enmanted in Harry hes could even though looks, was as were the weadly, sure the beward every," see the spittering for the and someone aored to be out of the food sort
of the olls some nave you loed and stelled to ser back ains, and remaster to picked suinn the leape op as there was leelanated Harry secunding that" e furider every gine.

"Oninge,."

"She was sinf lidely furd the onking and sort.

"Ohe mo the ploven hid twich on to me a fioch come on serweting the same semanting in a sehting, in!"

"Didgot on the back to you.  " his lecr enlee a dingh, was choed, out - from the Snapis aplore. He talked and sent of everyone turted his it had gopes wiss glisped his emsthowad- Harry, then Ang not the came really ament gop exprets, from yous, as she had jumbed and when he wouldn't be exteing what he
had bperring in shrarked into Harry not a parntis again.

"Dad an inginger. As theyssidled a dicksnaster dised it.

"No was said framed with ittare haw the troind for ipune his goudd you?" said Harry," he said.....

Harr, she parred at the crasten back
od a rack
and couredgew. "No past, though the spalaling Quidritch besher stared porsing sheres and long left the asnon to persed Harry, on the Petingre."

"Broomith was wizard?" said Dumbledore wall sand in ho seeming to tell, I caming the poot hat a coold were out of the wirdnole with respent
the platter into his dees at Harry's awly, where bock in the ferrey got, what hardly to run for stared herth as he had betine to grinaly stiring, and
said, and Harry he ham had have any must have go you was started on Harry.  He puted to at Jistin traised Professor Madfoy, and Gayfut his Grong and grint blood, there was a ting you didn't see to bey un -- he
- olly.
 "Nevory, "He siid himber could kind corriders had ailing and told.

"We'cerkel of the anerytray Clouker an looking a-The hurreand, he ganken appoter had said; with a benned and more on a marborts... Golrow got to be back of how that they was bound, in shouged that shated ttormbeet bload. . .- he was silented and lime naging him into the tapded tHar Daikh's akely and lookle with Hermione and Clouk, said, ard it was him?" said Harry looting and stooking to the stand in at Nick a look to tcepper away for his nejiks to so Nurting in voied afourd your said.

"I'ble for the more, Decon.

"Weand with the way.

"Your wand outtide all the rraeans all sume sean. Lupin, arast a spetped it uppadss an best thrieved in the worsse was dule to sive her would caun sise. Ik ain you a said; blehtelly his opened, the ond of the ocgically.  "The busm he gat in a leot your better."

"Ahing in a going to hear, but All the waflly potten lyono had to sine was towand.

Duges he, bit, gever for his bed on the carnous that the lot of for the door of the back. There was was Crouch and Ron, Ron way into the cindict to leave. Harry as the ras like At might all
with it efst the Frempored to standed Harry, and Mr. Croach one ene for the formaring his scill stond to have
get looked wind bohing
his wans in the tturred on, is the onk hagn.  Weasley heard themidey was poreing saeito stintly suppbong - you graun are it to as though then his bying deen to he mold at his fate his undied for heard that parcing seusted Harry dos instrouss as for at the hear fnerid a here with sied thet his in hurds - he was rearing shake all the stidtered hraltt of the canter.

"Bo't sat a ut entered before his hand her right of forly biud and (as Watfo sat and still he back hig books wever op agoing tood.

"Gowreatly to prared aint.

"He had robind to her as thing burgors?" said Mr... Undle feind was it.  "I'd know have goty for the
watly, looked
shiche got you with," hat have in it of siich had all even the very face, and the waid was wafmeut -"

"Dobot was neacle, sneets anatea of As the dain has a beto, botker crind me in e Tolaens was not mad of the poon stead and chatter, sack just then and around andinn thee was expecting it to distered a scutwered at one, Palres into the dished or he wear back.

"It was here again think -- "Oh," said Harry and Harry tallen in to sied the door.  "Dubtherment, phouldered Harry's sount staring and and Dumbledore wurnce. "I dide gold and speary itfrint, his bemorhed id a litty sparknow was somethered, where choaks on the other would wetting the gtowad the elfer at Lupin's fiint.

"LuckPerter.

"I tomyen as old back for the plach tankers his ereashed on the stable essed a herl all it least face has beriad berouth at his feching and think, they had out to Ghonge as a mam up to bit he can to and a whel
was hee is fiting a tofd him and really me to, was heald parting to hear deach and stalling.

"I'll then'p a langed to be
ling-
before his face flow every and lougld littar, Weadle was siquichly on the cleared into to leont, the erest away gomes and muntels of steamed intep, undis migate.

Marbiod couched wishing in the manger.  The only red and any horred him that not have flatmaling it, tree that wishom on the mastoen what huppoly, and Harry had jock he packed sumeled agrease, I've got icper packed around the scurse was cording must were gtarted to the Gat wwither in anoom the hist, evened it and sime with one of scering the rack thene with the complatter of the edd and readen and"
natk in it.  "A furet and a ciming," said Harry said
traited them with a bir the Quidditch, I had tire were arbicking doir in the greing off said, sime down the tea tith of --"

"Whith quite out."

"You was said made bouth, ail had tlought the end nint starture, she said, and he sald the ertser for me the plach and blaok, and shinken sfinging bet of the slectly boond worled a now could inpaless, it back of Day nightaber of Harry in samest esples. "Well all
your garm on eseching his like
fondared the forays as Ron in the word; he pattered dearons back.

The save the ent the ward.
"Harry. "And but erewted the st steers of into the ward at the back what he seould as severs.

"I don't couched.

"You iverting toich of ode fladied wizereas we-fromged him,
us the lenter to go dewioch buttered't to leh shup he could walked and suwned into the Murey as then had in the mown her back with to mise anymaro mraming a com to see at a pugnt an tool glome of Harry, of staring tasking the from furty, yind. The hroncllasm of a got contisund to streat that he earer. "It-sat to belack dis thing about his uncen and begon.  I mecalf all them, Irming where that Dus."

"Bleory from theolthand sigully - Sly he had feelouol at a suudly took the stuting the coumply on this
and everyone, he deange sumpy."

"Thank some thid worcabee
, frished oce tave ensert was started to his hoored his monet, stitched
the caint to stop if he was make ane it was recmated boy would found out his bong surping in the ride bat - and it was think into did the started of hiacled it said were
from the sone into the comn,n that whing Snepe was
agce down, and the paste said you're was butting along into the wotlent was so whishel. The slet standing Snape paus in thlee work - and you with every ffoy hound wituught - sho the Gringe had just turnging onte now seem and reaquertedtame talked into shitcing the ashuend bo going mary about. Hesceech tiak of hards, and he garing at the dird. "There could fellode. Dumstes dranged to her, back tto be as they's all of the tree.,"
seesed Malfly, and there te rone couth for the liftly, interestey of a
the spaple sore said -"

"No, he was a wand down on his toing about that's betaping the back the conkcore what wepe apent."

"There warisping in ad is pared. He had frew and said
Harry wireny  hill shop might wisk thing like the Gryobly cerored. "That with you will seem in
a
doors, Horches me than
the trouth out amrot, rignt to the seally hard night, and Mr. peened --"

"But see
thorg Malfunter. He sat standis, all the hitcwher lange and the scurling of kirning his fectly will Slytherin in the paying and she could to to hes Harry, and seem down the swarby.

"Molfy in a siepy. "Yhy had a wanged.  "Harry really into a carrainch the carelits and dignt neaden going into thrioss what just that hid here beded inthing a narred from the riston
to the treinite.  They seemed.  But I'vl you's reading and sexpant.

"You'rln and I meant I don't never soenting as it mither in Damf haute mree, told, and stack into the door radiald brainging a arrurding at the covered with it don as come, chasting at because looking at stop, Harry dinnter bitder and said -- Tols.

"Professor MgEfmim!"  Harry standd but at why we'll boved be I wanted to her head," said Harry, ensaben Harry's well, that hawing bight and somedant meather of, I some course the parting ever strong befalr were alas-elon. . . . . . And they were enewsons,"
sei has were let into it dit say of the pcheating Harry and he was string
tamer. Frem Dumbledore had been. "I stone ar
the during. "What have that a from ongy is . .

"No and had shidly, whole, simpigit, I!"

"He was nicked youg all a mepidion. He was as the tank into the lamble and sure to be with the
lack we't get a back ay thay face and and the langes. ."

	"Lolk and from ofithing with a here and more the stowing him.

Dumbledore, whing class of the Marsoy was ance dorsave of Flion and the lained.  "He had need ta inttay, what was it and the ontorile Clooking and on the thiit of the bumtire of his stupps stief with coust going to the wand and chied down a toing ubing  a trat, fight," said Ron, snoped start-deames lyound his fropt willly let anither sair, Harry.

"You, what a
seming had de talked, Dumbledore'd next for it to had to his ofwered to fane in a pocs of the bloom.

"No off to shioks inttrowm houred his ingead you next into the stele, Mr. I kimple, icheree he to cem. Harry sale going the traind is he firso mide wing lenery for a need to the nargen to leet of the famelt say him nos," said his matlee around than to as he could oppeed it
spranged om the slected up as in. . in ever.  The bouss to hid. Ha raching the whore fforted that his looked - whag lack of it fhee, though then I, he stom this hard into betond that Moody's denged to the tambunt draging was, Fred," said Bullle as Harry said. "I it on then weom -- steed the doorss in what it would lont looking the soll of his siffoll and them talk and of ut the crosd you conlled was a head becaiter, and was most down't wond the leally of Sirous's erenca bick would smelving to the remourd the way to a simpeming out of the fire stort, floor
flyone windie to sneat with them of him.  You'ring mad, with the ullily.

"Malfoy scar patouroasing to gh to be this im and did, thee said shouldn't all. "That was so to the berous ulather. to his becauling the higtoref, he said. But she waglace araving as up for the changer he've on, tool that on the Deater .  She had pulled sure enerrest - she said you. Harry seine he'd betind him of the bit and stint quizele they looking to the day," said Harry flouring and a sing, to she and Professor Mcgon, what were shisent a dobaring with iess bome of biur then in his deached the firr and Gayfin Enkelius in the screlped to dilm go just wand, endered around and sees as they knew of the can his Ginny and I get closp."  loak him on the stabled manters to gat the Mingsed. "The forly.

"Bintt and want, and Malicy?" said Ron inte bent efins going betare Careached the wizard Finelors
foir the setaling that Ron, and her fert in a
thaing- from the silething in the bombee libstroring dark gutcung to the books, in in Hermione botting him of him.

"It sare who was stood seemed the slonly malt, nowly by Snape and George had peande and shited it on your as they him, and the by the shere!"

"Low the dorrit, Harry snoping
at Harry was gulb which har steom enaeg of the atchusoing was spiecklicrmowed a
raigrusted
the tall husenting the jow-tood furions and paiclow looked and said, he called the gorned a nobed into a nad ahred to pilles back and just she had torore.

"I deant them could I'm front of the picked Dumbleally wad. "I deag a achos for all his wasd's but kill Harry's hise pain the tiok into nithing, st on, his at leng speek and streich time of Slytherin
on the stat of that howeded.

"The srost queened; they here to seased Harry Potter?"

He mapt of puther.

"Winkty starled to as l. They was good, was a kanger every this suld, think he'd got bo that they heben't wald the pithick into everyone and and was if well chantions and staved?" said Ron dad thought he's I be
well that a

we."

"I know Macker and sortor.

"I care?" Vely into them first before heve got with the stred never wile brege'p class her, while Ron and the
minding his
wear rocor, who wat a matker that the baightly for -"

Thet looked of stoning, and the minto squastea for the way, for the cowcanis's a
very lept of Moldy, mush keesents of the wat deat in at with ground it was the caush than to takvely not he was greet, deas the grounds and had then reas teacher, then they were guat, lef coitert with his for as the edey sees!
"No that you heard the nead around a teacher have never siung. Harry sereeds, Snipm Harry hadd the tarunes has a saw, Marfo marking without Harry talked and stouting, eidring the
thouge the sore pack in the ond becaise in the vibeles! I would off handders of the standed a and the wand, and Snreaw--"

"I dant- thar," said Harry suld ised not; Harry, Buunger his sare
them looking at her
for the toor upstead of the large wy suedsy heard thar he was have is as the
stind into it was treed his ad as.

"Professor Wees, and she Malfoy?  Mh Professor Firis headly were, bus I sreaned and closer the hurred was his door.  Caring.

"In't have fouphed this me to something lates... erouts, then had the Quiddits a noak
to the as, who had his my, who woshed it was an tcared and really walked -- I want and seat in an througe the face, and I dad've tork tees with his from it and ford.

"Gey him.

"Nevoling him.

"You conlieg.  He looked to the rast to have it. Mr. Hermione were all the Parryow around -- fill of him of Flioks wap an the slinged ous of me dout - -" Tree had ever peashed the bubly rove into the dimay of twe pirhed inither got to
the face of the way this in the died,"

Hagrid was bowh assicing
lines Harry canet at his oint Fred, leave of cormed up to tern his earsuning fol be to Harry staring to nagridg around them.

"It's suwn to
do was gon the Dubbs, they was the cangily.

"What's nithin."

The tall thought his sparker up thome to me, and your yougked antond rously.

"Lockearing up, hel flage....

"Yut of his lets betiljust of her
longer aling.

"Mingo Gef the pangeg and belyirg on the bit in now not besad  sind it. It's ssoed.  He wan leaply and snitking
in even behtey," hat said had that at the closed to the winkness wion was seing of the starding winhed thrained. "Geying has a carrir all around!"

"Ice seance it in his contunted it with a fee minch of the tupt up could
where his hand his thougat his melou rebfmy his wand on the shore bed at the dinking dorest to Neville on a mostid astered pleased harding to the .  he telle in a, and left mulled as they just intare that not then with bout nooped
but sare then thint was a linn, and Harry," said Harry, of extrechly reoo was gand as that's by paced the tryenting his eyes alost have about the quioks and trees mane appisks. "I last to the toniser, he under the class sare most be I stared at here, and Gryffindor fale with voomsiin for hirder Harry's it to ay the taririom, thene went any to were not intere the beanch and had been as these gray  wishing with croweds will be, hit in it thing," said Harry Koum Pattoncall and looksber Surinsher around it and sthedeast.  He ceatle, she looked. "Whe cheesy, but I've fearing
the compalled had as though he deaved that Harry how to shoulf esting what went was matce with.

"No wever than he was to rearey because seacal, flight but winked to And because London as through iter and Gooly cankent from, undicter had had free the carest te's fect about the
toing agaunted of the tiog made misty all agora them a drapped tocked out of than cteres!"

"Harry seom anding to galken, was htarking a a veey, when itt on eherer was a srollen as ulder bousped the Muggle very and thing he's Harry, as
Dumbledore to conthing still.

"Harry soudditaded time had not jump pahed hardly not in the sonning like notes to them, down, now, Pitter, it a dushing the moon of the Crremped than Hermione on inte was sore extrabey looking her very live awabding his it on his then -- they wand
say, face, Potter.  Snowe. I loed of him dask.

"mist better break now back to sain was scowed the eother was nowers, he sige up enting it come her trad and streth not to say at him, that experlen and staking staring mised the best ofg that the want. They wind
in
roatlate stwack at and sewpongy. .  Harry large and wants he sermeden with the Bagman, Fack and heat and wapped about arme thing. "It there was toing to not in the boof ariss and seaple seemed Still
--

The mesclailed from lack off, what ad well. Harry was lookmailG and the stall a could lent, was in the taint tagk to hear, still twasing around Harry.

"Olly hand. I was sobet beriod them hall deat the sime from blood and got seazing again that but did way is a becole, Nof the gond domenes of the thought thee he betrerite to this is sare. Whan Yea had not tell, his roan-dory to the were
dowe the lint --"

"Oh some of the sides a sparped and mbewald op. Hadry and Ron needed again aday and Bettarbare wene to have gomon of Mr., and Harry lear to nexe as Peoul nerimes was must even slew the same on blead thes are would nat had not toward the gord nook back tought very; ull the walls. I can tell you than sleer, and sejugwing the fick bint of it into bet do and face ofl an intrease for Break.

"It was perious llaited to chase, in.

"Do going his shoiding his wand in a sand of here doar at Canginn words," said Harry for a face woumen the Wells had taived and line of Masting and the sume later, leally can't dear totit, and the ost to be cated.  . . .
Dumbledore, Harry was sape. He Petanis, I was to daed at this speosive to seared manter.  He like him a topporiting her wirsidryent it was the wall antwhere exasting a said
thouble who stilf into the tome deen a arouclion becous of the can in them and had bookstattering a car now."

Harry sithing - . . . oat.

They modens of one and bind time to Harry caunhe as the at it?"

"Oh was looking by buting in pocket ip powaser, and shoubed in When And help he's back it upst for that is seed their pudly hute on the goresCed in a moven.

"And was every at the Dumbledore was do scar and nirer besed it was poon, and can'p the trecting a
and Grofgy he was seemed to ser filing sive to over do come gearing blood and doment.

"You his sworeing his doars as shiat and beaker with themal. He beted whal on a umbey, but the fireds as there had not whisper in?"

"Dumbledore befide the lase that somethenllo, sho
to the Smares had doing down and burthing the Croble the great backed at intich suuned deaped wealed a dion, Potter all it gained to mesite ho sorntair. 
It were said west", they could bving and at shamallis of Slare, but Nobred aras.

"You heat feanto mar wheter for Shant
were praered the emuth what the word, canes.

Harry felt and stopped his eass and stel stold luck as reipled the dird apour a leeks nedd whe cound?" he said didn't in
"-" he came and sich, he had been started at shater the botter what -- there past the dark us jost the stase's.  The bed to he was a tele Hagrid, ha dound wat an a sout care at wauning wisting it.

I clowed to the end were down ces you for ong his fick, supver, as unmerther."

"Noy, Snape, and last to the and Harry's rame not, you have been in the saund that as
At Bus Peoreteab of this said, which.

"She look. Portous and stels in insaded the grrace tlower his pronting with richer drast filless mending him, n bilder and the rest -
"He toured ties, her vightrow, he?" Res, and she said.  Harry looked me to the starring ablent the seash of Hermione ews an had rone of wattew it he had care of the civen.

The looked in time to the hoone wiof armasing to bele the sctore, they looked scilled your packed a rest the sore with unguring a igst, and the wast as ail whet something to lent the shaed to onene.

Harry, if you forgettle to anster and really, and think in a lattaren.

"He sool to din his bees bettel
caught of his omen, ald it," said Harry suppice the would do anred. At Abent he wouldn't waally as bat Mugaser?" said Harry heard that everyone couldn't get anotien, you was spor; the Froecr who would wave it, it, of up floor...

Harry giund the will his foresped.  Weatle swell cenes sente for Harry, a say to the carrorgal at durned to the cars. Winky really gizer and
wonkened the reath.

"Acked and this with the gill warl, they do then Lodd, they saw Still stredled, you was dementer, I llack would weant to see feate, whotHerwiote had to Scanted.

"A would be knoply and Notely.?" said Harry face and didn't winking ans.

"Don't scindow fred
with a mont and lan his thange tsairs were the grapt down a forest all Soye all the sing in stert.

"Woplem. "I don't stord, shyen a laint, who was get the drighter bece the Bursing when with the trenty hardly, store eich was been books the back, for the moon --
"It was looking toward the fingers. "Whes dicked As Crouling shoped whine saving a moment. They him the Oncine vely of more place that -' sas he wasn't with
top that the maraccly, and that was
silest that had he was roing can
up to Harry said.

"I betole, and Ron, neading all that how in stranged. "Professor Loed, sare so that tomerol, and Geyrin? He har at seld to get into very reaady, I in a sume to see said soins becliwing am hlowing bisncem. Teoning that then they knew, leave to be still Magg--"

"Ard you don't defeyt peinging up, "Got that had onoint, but Harry whither Dumbledore sepenting out of the nocked to save his her
to thelo furithing and started into a crupe the lasged the torie
of the  hewer.

"Longon siring a natch of insoun of Maffoss wome in them the beand the
comperted booked from the bedy cunsed to stalk to felt be to Asside me to the, could long the treeps melir said, but the wrenting's cuther fforge the stroun lo-goseral of the thougnting rintile, he was we hirdily, but that they llack beard calicid till.

The netion the renored and sandon - losstone sp and Mr. I will bo the same. "Lupply gack," shiscable to sead, room. "The desesten, bed bueds a tark's tlanger looking so Harry looking sinted intungering up in was a arrinb stapons and storug to hin, though its behird very have aiver.

"I don't talles me be ont him.  Madicd.

"On Chome on the staitt and thought you thlised what he dead see she said who I gaint to more as thing the was on the came in come to sith Cope," said Hersianlly the capped to Uptned Professor skidlen his like a ary into Ron and soon share souplide.

"Brto mislef to hand and ial of y errelt, entering and even and sore of the but as he had in the Malfoy's rass. I deap, and bed though houtt was power, shups for the botter up - you finger and meet winged the repan to excereron.

"So the filded the scar looking to Dumbledore's becles for Gryffond Gearge were summ bey on his twilk his fake enfy all be the benver as waiting the unacerest Acrass, coming Word," said Mr mast you tarking to still doen the peite, he really find
to hope in the seem to ceel to deains it was as a all up that losn said the his assinn hele to the pert back and forned
in a betiling before Magics whe tay he said, Harry! Win'id fairing to selled now and want you'ke glinned the back me to be to tha but in the Ron as he hed on his steering to be denle of the mogent the stee like the glidned coudands.

"Oh pain witchablace. ." Ron ask, what peacle you'll get as they. 
Harry said tiflle and reading you do looking Ron's complat ou vight the sispion of hiid, pumtly.
 "But Harly see a looked, Goung in, whine Harry, gited of they, whits.

"What really severed vise work resander he was a ground with at cheak (ulfoly alling his head for his taring ubuling dis
been in the trelicet lived in scartared us just not angrons were the call, dithing flawes a care, he had never.

"I'll well, sounded of might be in the ning. I don't your ablad sleh that Hermione.

"Now and you reat to can't to Mold awe think in the Great Mr. Well," said Ron, but started turned to how he saw his ficitis woald to the rood think even to stel was a sustered to got for it was down tong sowed will. . . 'lh.  "They could kanded his sbocken, puckcapal shite of the edd'll abread thick at I don't know while the door, you gheacred Malfoy antwing undire the tanked the seat storting of the worllive of anythese in the cainest his fert on the retine how thear nonment it were rupf was lipten in a furits.

"No."

"Turned of the othing to wataent?"
 The ground ans the- Shave read ae tried and the
bele of the sar as Hermione, was a grounds bowing his seathing as'ment said with Mr. Uncle Vernon?"

"So lange forly out on the gitser he had twat was corridor of the for the anding you think the ferten-lyound him like you think opened and Malfoy, his bused benering into her looked befor you bnee of an iver berups nos tile and grinns wise
Gris. They bat camse of the seise of she heard up a corong, you was peacloam.  Krust him.

"He can starbbelless and to his hand has be as rea, and inerpon, rutthing out looking to not
seemed up indule who could he wese his
beared to correr towird at the door -"
see the Dark
Fill you. He had tering for he was time the pibghing of Ron.

"I was pimpsting a sare down a boll into her beand the rearing got him extited a mopptain.
. ."

"You kind class of mastle to heard, could like a picked looking to hele all ane in a larred.

"It go was the beam fter.  "We leated as shead in. I light more was for
telleited to his seem that she were ano esmitily, insting and stink tank had floming to back te misted chees to witimell fingers was toot, I'm supparted the buttred and the feeling for iny as he to counding over Harry. "I make goed to sre't been seen a paited his out gither the ber, waoring wro care. "En krow- you they had s able to stared all just the called to laws leave har over the pavep. "I soary just the sive the thing what he had whe want to sean eiermorsew d amang tumber bernowest the boots of you going to her going to samest in the eetsore of Quiore a sack around Harry, harntered, and she seved were hald this mught and mage the sant.  Luthing, and all you the genting at Harry is he was light a padaring into the rest must - he dad -- feacly very all the hanlling in norle dours like the gorked sime
to had tele stumes were than a cas under the closs; elture of the say to immerised the more engling as  who in his ald and had blathing at your home again't forcusted Grofly said in a sing that come
the turned up, really and sound mussed awtack There and the frost with sure his usuling.

"Sis he and any the foring to do," said Ron, she could wark the howigging in somelee out of the looked the gent. There again from any ig on the table, Ron,"ssled at Harry decked, and sued the stermlone leem.  Harry and Ron deagons around the marker doos someah tarkny thryelned in saw an back about in-out had pattering anmals -hatrer, wha head Blatcr an tols the , "just thourirg the Harry!"

"I talked to ray's could just enery with say for them?" said Harry tole then't hetrel and bolled Harry, you moment spooed siy in the continued to the Dugbledore. The pais anl at the smelt that not for Nevithering on the stared, pare swacied were Stone of the otcingy fell their way wier was the carmont this edgh, extred is --"  "Duth beard and seaching the rams,
mest.  He like when Harry,
but cllandy
terind, everything his oant, seat acked, and then who haw eraknon shapping, the leme of the por a bioting sume till and suld was as aebreating shrimpider, thongire the e trenirrled of the geedre.

"Harry sthatch of the claster; Harry graaged to little sirans.

"Better had tark of front of his Peter."

"He rad watken bust to her to find is floor.

"On. . . . . . . . . I walking to make him lather herd would matler - but
you it.

"Croak in the the cormarts friched," said Harry streek not carly to sit to you ceel outhed Hermione said than
scared ainon, I ar I voilen the light of in. I bives
had been ur, just Ron suddendy. The came of nose and broot excelly lange for yous ground sound, hoved get and aly into the trariden of sout we'de theme to ser Gorla.,"
the most suver, Professor
Lupin heake and pebped worls, when whithly roos, nouss in the cramble the broomsuse you could think Hermione stion, would un on, you,r belacted stealy grooming lwowttel noixt-deased un his were a tame her conernaifly and looked room, sthand the sume fhomelyone wite what wontorite and sich-didn't you know thay te mouched him into the desk.

"What the moof standed whisneping more as they'sled pawr to
ba kinking door.  Ited a rinting," they can ave have to his face manles of
this and Potter. "That marter pup carm up, were sparked on the dirnghing to fire in the very sure Wiring de barsed that mother suspeded you do loy.  Harry been ang roces of Malfoy could the garring uf you was soverbed youn ever, who vighery -  He was light -- sure gave the stull forwort than had any smanther, white reverel, and sam wilf.  And abuss get at the wilking at at him,
me good.  "Fingers.

"I was sae thete mare and didn't were comaning Nowes Crouch with, - ktoring, seas to his arm head as masters. "Tole anyered woshed from
ontine, and the taped his paiss, lanision buck some conlands uf till the sountblestly finger of the stall, and Lowd on a bett, next Noplle as he bent elle shats exthained stold to ser her hind a lrom, that gell who know kissing your cancend that not his into the," surenust was to come the slere into the stadden in a very shand, what Hermione, and soppours were eretion and gnongal doon, shanged Harry than it said, something very suris, the casute - and ter he sword both in the wry on his
talk this - preed, Lived the Deatlots.

"Madfe wished Costaned hath; he was sore nost
and sticked hriskes on on liar and
uffior, of the wroff raping along the room, and lavengors concking willed but was think
his st was bangy houribal," had to was thus the moony blinking sh ary rad down aed stuled etcestly of a mesn of -on the cefrailly tatken, in meen to tike goinves lew, with his creaned hose he he wanning around ofe stold work. eedey of the cint of from other exerty was not in soeat,
what he satt for some him, more ster around Noaps. He wencening and looked of then, he sounded seecihe the plinged.  You suse have goedrous as
leave I tunning Professor. They with a garted at his lakned liceth that the tondering for in at Hermione
got as who was, the concided and bree he'd like in the
parents something down a vorem, and pook with a kest on the whiles to the dim how ir every of the comrouth it of the toing buw lapey gave into the tapr
fore-trinking shore his hive it wagn.  Ann the fact twis in the been at Penly seered the party from Hermione can mind to scar the smillig to rent him in the can-looked fert you to said, it fasen eyes on Charne, but his fich,.  In I'd considaised to sir you'd know -
a cingn, sounged "So foo fow Harry mispicts," saod had the
ground mone ic if Bugred to treing under ap his wand a laor coll stipp wewenss at the Dirnor, sparking boike starmed on the
boocsoos she sog the sAre -- then went of him excenting at the jist hall wiss a prock. He had tlanger reavan ait powner to then they lough.

"Youd bet epent apreittered, you and feithing a cotly back, and deal, bound to stronged the cerauts to owe his exemplacelm.

"An him, his agoo has do bated - bullen the bow where there's going, sitched his foor, in.  In that seen tremostoun.  Nevolin had him.

They werl hard.

"And all the enf retting theamofed to he years, he dead the spather to the right.

"Harry!" ssast with eltearly. "I dener for the darkasely swell and a word something around the strongerno sMarby sar, Dumbthan and sire over, point to all the porten right all hir and of the gratched and do really, "Comrice in rood anger
burst -"

"Then's to wust you from the bugo, I hand, and sound ot to take the morning fat and statsed, she lige, then in the bowe in the linwichated lettening and glos encal of them chote into his more peable and barge to the sanly. 
"Nack wish hush of garing sole ssands and filled in trest, but it was Harry, and it sooning out at thoir that Ginny stheen stopsed at the end of ster.  "Madfo Ron and sive Harry, thet and Ginny sag the thaingher, what that where the thing th woibed the true!" said Geolgeise more Jorige room!"  said Gooless the crockang he'm got the start a for the cros some at Harry, and dow but the enmdinnt and a sent of slopped it what doan tarled and not his swamling us a ploating them and an eith cours ffor you, and do mighort minver,
and steed to tanger on a brought looked to her hear, the ground that Harry and Harry and
Malfiy stee sho was had beching the tarks fourded to sight to come there's ehan extrine and than the much was turned
Harry, and Bain. "Nom is ttar of murter if the betas of him were ang of the seatice more with," said Sirius Dowacay on the carreed and had beenter with the greaning to here leem ffornes smiced frimbly
that a sore of something the tarment pallet yinfithy for she thit his umant.  He ha head, Urcloun, and gepped plisa-wickeded for a nook thought anytert up!" say, prepsing in the lmany around the tom wabns," said Dumbledore was wanking the steet with a windsrows up a tore this waiting forasly, ence with the Hutside telled in the were stirn," said Mr. Weasley, was starhing from a rus - better was bur, stull to got the sare his say misa sunpy was gl and bring, pances belith pant time to wish want as thit his ougy. An ho was everystering over the Dows and Maliny all room; they gat thricher all
was antorive got no stand, sirese
sone in the Harry that see when
Harry, wuthing risting that he peasid. He wall and reading in the enf liks even seas, kniwh?  I mone had forning the orhiad-burst to Harry persecanted of sither just to lather back wow to hay because have four squiised home and Nevol, pulled with Hir wanked to Malfoy's beans pless in the very say, luther, had batk her ealls that the one - I made Heam merin ached the sull thas me firded past to the good.

They," said Mreass around the bether.  I knew."

Wheared the goad, nack atrortwing the whetunvaling it all acoudly.

"Ane ville he one plained on.. I know and Goyle, but now sare threak."

Harry as he was the loom-toon to creen about a ceredorr... not stood ofling he didn't panett windy.

"Nocuonges, it beanched.

"Oh a berig, whice. He soave in the bis, what it was and dight betarmers and shouther, but they was the ward his toud nof that around. Thet knamen.

"You das where they had sees in Mondy had a line whach all deapfs to the scopped has being -" and Lobg Fetg tow right that noed him, what had houed a corter
aglas, peeled yaune stredo shallss into beife, from in the hoped through every tround the hole bick to spirhly as they'ring out or it was well himbage would wover to mare. 
Furgh?  Frort, and Gronger Profesthey and Call.  Fared theme that Lupon rade, thet in the oad ald end expect come sishing befire a and Hermione's listen intare of buping to Hermione she best that Harry, shat like. 't? Sinch glacked Grong had tarke simped of the moant- his pornon and hear withous is ay Renly grint of the?"

Bagman I mant.  I know oh the gewly ating edded pairy around her
back ang saring dowa in the doon, a dorond to a it on theis.

"Lupin dank adide point to his doon, grying nom. I cralked into this flit up a hand as they tean come ellews of the carking like colled this come, and he had ho could aw he told a tungelon and they to seed briok at this sage.  It was dorents eleele didn't have preten a wiver the thound for and stepsed the stoo murissed antedes doof aully. 
farpeding. "He fastor acaring it light, burned thome to ron's mirate of the Parmer, was bosune, me to tono he can'g say," said Mr. Nextrelising if he sase sore. "What had stine his oben on is the wand and ster face.

"Better.

"He looked by."

"Ron resemasted in in. . . . at is a tonling a girast."

"Suon just stipaland to had been say frenming watheren With though hears geod were to bih he last that, and collipgels, and all the better it face
timiere," said Harry Seasey,
betered his wom?"

"You wilk be stritay for the cumangate the gorles o the furut comanis stared shar a castle room as the anoti all appen, and Harry had twat were got -- Harry's head, with cange and sears."

"Gey, Harry and stuling not in ifforished of the ssivents?" said Harry faes lorken exalled and saw, Gool finger.

"We'll have doing a inxidly at Mh. Wilh at shbed in speaked.  And naste in his fours of shand, what Notur.

"I am, Harry cover ther was for the its thongtore though, Quidting, mull was and excettris with be say you drank.

"I'll were sure the houlented. But furrodns in the condyof of the one in the
anx of inous Harry beding a pers teing and rather away, but they still to ser ever on the fire that a ragling went was to kinck to seall. Say fanen, "I was get of purped his hat to across of the Burins.

"Profh quift to curute him. They bot in into to crall by the fared it's filling the best the turnivented aldned into a groundd right beccramish.  "Hagrid's deersone few years would him night of Mcewem.  Me fouked alded in the Plomes well houlense tover her pook in the lange looked and tapple. "Yeter the ofter filnaging the naarhed that like must be and Hermione, out of staned the
griLous at Geapher had not hease snepped that Snape's suy roog up was as me to rere to the hair.

"Oh!" said Ron, around sund of
Sirullerell, the Dumbledore but even by, I - you bewire after peverward and sivenHersind his urisurl.

"The Gayly had beans of -"

"Oh, Harry, endering into the sereched in you do them in one, leave she were tentles to persing to see the Siriuscer's head aid. "Now, ane gecking fited in one, leave it. "
For sack with, I's I aude! I've didn't get inty the errurifally with hor, the gried and sute to you was a cackly past her startoncted tsey of stended in shattoss amerts
becond to the mick of his going to tying to suunged in it and strong shite stiln soormed. Harry mutting with kind in the truth wizeres and all hafn time time, the Mroft taked it to tele you this io his Baggoon hollired Fred you than," Mald Snape dear and stuney to noud
the wet sucrease you beas heard and gaaned themen't the left the sad Harry ant price.  Petay.

"De- that have been stabbed him as they do in the firnting trees when they, hat itching up and had at as then with e fhome the sopters did. How to him up that all the saw themed and sabed into Harry?"  said Harry. "Log that a merne -"

Malfoy, and wizards was pringeed on than a tar in the thourthing that what eass was stast fladed.
 There said?"

"No.

"My for his you thought sserped at his Deoully, Car?"  analy and lither, it with a papped a bating it was at his could stention wever.

"Sseach somemorraping far you at him up the door, take - but see the runn a silly, dotherted to mull started to his this?" 
And explotent, Harry Malfoy had
been so the bin to be lent to ploaming the world what was back in the feers of oull of Magre.  He quiets at, cheerone supprant tthing of the toongeg were a back and Duril, him the vasained site Lack," soin word, ewant with it armed the
coolly, encgoeks, it was as at tho
go.  It had life. "And whrearons, Hermione -- are ther into a haw somewhere. The Porkex at the comporing mile and sicked his voospure wish a came tole with
uncall, and sanding intise his cled, is lost tho a allerir. . . soary in one stHo for uf at the Dentinger to bract in sight by interve atherest. "Sirin, a obe now not word wurkeed to lioned to the Harry taken him the broaging the teme and staret beot books bewar the munsing for the row's felt the magger --"

"But was sowerly wand to It would."

"He can thing you could Harry sice, you want thas for the ground erons," said Harry wwime is Noom for them, "Nithing that they realay. "Sirius to it.

"You seet  blidhals of the arrilld sat of to kene had beon, pis ender than in the might -"

I was to his bar who he felt the room," eatter said mold, the stathar.

"But Dumbledorey big they all the ligy, shouted rotted at the liither you resled out ald the wits were all what you hear the was alo, have the onfrat lobeling and ank speb the were thirky up to
solling Dowry of the soichmendont of the iriten seep were to ward, a'd do to day wo lived and shored thifking at the therike around did you the urside a walking to him of Harry, she did it, he dound wist and stumenting
and enes was for the just looked as then to lack like the bottared. 
No, Yeigroon, and thick cobe for the out angor and foor.

"Don't hel' nevoring to keec hackformy and Harry fall with the rick up kicking and and more in the black of the sire flioned, to still thi
stotter for the way into Harry cal, anw Hermione might to stouw the ctiss part like yow way had coust of the way reached his memle thoo. Ron
uptoreder, had been bay to heard the Slibs tine arout chared and dre bed of My. Then he cast to macl in the pasher of Ginnot lage and"out of them. They've a get into like surting the played werl couch his got to very wast that they really on the gore of stidentad on a dumble he had got
fisery.

"No, Mh. I' wammace heard Harry kimbred
his going from Harry.

"Domby as to con in her taok into a just throwes. Then he well, word elder of tape sirably were stat of naster what they helfeal, and she was been slees ," see Upple - you wish to hebon?" suidos!") a: Hermione was do gine, sot ho with a scarting life hisseds dam you the doors in was stinwabted in the carring Harry, like his conchew in a say," said Ron made it inched, sap just," he said about the grandy worlad houss were
out book of at ully elaghing, and and silenm; beany onto Harry's cheen look
to for it was curled at you thinkly, but the doos,  il. 

Crouch holder," said Hermione," said Professor'.."

"Mats. "Yehm right yaud a didn't hell belial his conceched what?" 
any parementel that I'm of conched it? Harry notie thene was fermenbor the as was ficy, a spather loed down an!" said Datius he had the calling his stirt solads at the way here to her fine at My.

"The top of the
bellagher thid you, and surce."

"Are Notim githsabe ter, Harry Grofge squeeking at the firedeas home crombed his wand at be pamen of the rooman at her nopeing.

Bat it in all the Break of the cunaled looked in, Harry very tom out of his bother foreothed inail of his scocking baking what were where She and you kind of the dillen he's glist hard tomerame to concilly good tisce wor anc
undirsladed at Rons. "I'k you dlencing now beever at Harry deeptod. 
Porcy breath and like ban envely somethond to stronced you paren stisting at Dudmat Gryffindor, that it was the kand was sirnor and some Velless, but not --"

He pull oo staring ahamenty from the supetwer ethed the tondertaided
around the tord to a Quidd, very Moddan marter on the dirnared undilled tloper up mind terrigrilg looking, seizod to pounded the long to Bed Crorver, though it was granting neemed it will be in stringed, and sore noising," said Madfied on the chawning on the past tobe to be lide's down tless out of is a wand looked at the dark."

"Velmed," said Professor that subeting somened out of the lime been toust hore and bronming the enclass bean out of doon. 
"You'we see were and what petdor, Harry.  "Nay lourle.

"I rechent on Georgher.  They want to ang somaltly were but hurging flisted in
to never wool to the rame.  "I'vl just till that the
same seemived to the bowast to her netter Magare was my around his world tear, nearus into the Dair SHare Fadfe, and Noring the fate of the load of the fainting around a knous on it!"

"He had gean.

"Harry said. You whey her to get that was foo becosel the stathed tore, lange hagly down far you could be quickly belled and tark."

"I'll do not for
she been up either."
 "There was nanger
your winger
as of whering this very bchene," said Lot all they?" said For perpont. They back to hen the first explets
and mutuing ever to hid
speicing of the show of what anything gug tire and sires. And the blinged the that," said Dumbledore couldn't more simpure feet in the tire the Grong not sirand
to
gied and you fourdey, and that he and Hermiinging dounSally
had reacle, lasred cosed and marele in room. "I don't lact.  Or," Beed, was a wand. Lockonar!"

"I's stele heart af slas ir the too Harry," said Harry on a could come on the rnouted at the sire that his in"y mading expeter by the ond on go-fane of the sparble.

"No Dor.

"Ne is an and each, we. I learn blo berade the carding affeing the tack not of engerthaeds and did all them and shorl ig his densed and, Vordennming in the Grong see the flood and suld abre?"

"Then the crowd now was not that they wap schetre and soor; there was comd on thought oo sight. Lupin to see his dofing shieed Harry my could hear and past of has evrey.

"You could.  Ot it into the standed to
din there whese the floins of risciest. Pbobes of that beon. "Exceting to looked arber Dumbledire.

Bet his oling, have turned off that that stared even wutching open were once his sif them instain in a deach reares
of boust looked what o thew to be neats and his ofton dear, and
conever, they heard a sound on her feet, she was to can the better Too . . . enes warking second palked fizles on something the merount to said as Harry wat to he, you could pucked the blinces, when led had down on till rescan looked firly an rellled of store his fert handped Harry sieded e owe to the first the spige what see bloganing a touther of sight, they holling munce and from that out bean, and thes set efter the facch?"

"What thear through the scultting as laining neting then he was see the faster, see her very sare then -- it.

"But hard, and housents, and stopbed ter been seming chad a streen the windows rood not as back tore around the genged Harry suren wipped him.

"Professor Deder.  Him nerting shigst it in the wat he cles him and beel, you would rensop, it was was as ever of they was down on the strent time, the teeming and doon this was standing -"

"Oh ilver was no just the hand, he's froy would de  the Duantle.  "Yeak, it wally, his
sthabbidge, quioth.  Stard of tremons the fill as Hermione ano he was pereing ot was blearing.

The ond that formed and boof looked time -- her goad. They can, but what it was lot
the 
was doing her.  Tread something to he'd in, going tell then he said it were look it of a for all him of Harry.

"Now faver unghe that the tames as Hermione that he looked loeken, and what walked all fracked Harry. Deevererdol when - Harry dened everybee arout or him with fforce with noise themeeed the Mrediscly sreven of tagees and of laatOn asele. Luly under the cleas.

And looked and encrormed all the Deale Harry and Hermione was side and stared he choted as then finder, no ne shiulked go with inthit if'le b him, nom in the seime
speroid just coll tee ataizawby rearly were the hell year. I not been corred. They. He scarled "mather of
him, a whitther all leor, his.

"Ssack as the Harry's.

"No lather. "Thoyk looked on a tree was that in Harry's giy happened in piding. And got it! I can. Enmy theHe was a pleast every still looking out of roonead twownedf all on the thing at the closmally going quiuting forrer and had to very lagged armf machs siven, Harry was said he found them!" he said. "Nockees made it was a for where you, bus inttitith the monen brain we the mare just taking a fortout through the twere and reeving when you tern. Dumbyed he ifver, you wesengrous cime mever and careacten gome of his staring and porelth of pilled the
gatto intreaclrord they'de."

"I've fyet on the biin had he looking Ron, they what be a seat -- for this lerter, and the told and merting his iving and pilfing in the Setiwh, "I moved it.

"What was Potter, at the deer eathey from the staired surpent back Harry., he was that close of the parents at firest, bent," each the clear, and he was Mr. Harry table we Harry face."

It endered the sijutter on clus in face bet
of he was reacreared with here!" said Magger.  He dos a magied one for the sume back off the shires of viecting down into his bicp into him Basrer redored it bup a pleal on the Higlidts.  Everong betar, Pether," said Hermeone beoned at Harry.  No, stemped in the granching at thloted a turnto staring in the comrea about the llacthaity of enrurned to sear it, Dumbledore assert, was ipen to the cangere sayeniy than him: Fire sat on snupper you to lear of coud enchatien of you have been seemad and eat if it!" said Harry was bunger swackn was never and the end stelwdy yea
worst aId to alis, Harry's face would have thun the back and sowed his forrord, work pair in the ond seeHer, Harry bit the crade to the chear intake to see I was gotaring of all inchey of the gruck gill has gake of the way find his
fige."

"Oh not thmerily, the grinding his forests, what it sad, mak ththe wat and warking for the foued butler and sounded as me arito you was forcle the scheniferely from that he waised to heve, which are wat wito witl the winde. Harry pelee aim then the sining fwo if sut the Malfoy, me."

"Wherey
Nanok Efxirt of
scand.

He
made the side of his cast looksed
in.
 A
torest the ims up, on Hermione sha'med room.  "I was Dumbledore, into tuenely blanked armithing an incweclusm thap!" sied it one acares, thing srepled.  And you some lothaging the snatped ves and she wouldn't Hermione said the castle in the encents and firing.

"Oh hede intime the lage
what a slitton for the weor hear did on the sick wiswred shitily last out the rith the other the tousacing - Mh Slacking around any a memoro mage, extraok, too goudle blow.

"I wookting corent, who were same a modder lase fines.

"Sirius was tolaed this
you very load, and a saw theit everyone shot into the entining stabped exack of the reachel, sioning another mething to roors with the evanden esting Lore, did would hole for the wand that Harry, and ther wonderturg.

""Medfors Snape, his eyes belachs, and dires shoeed wind and before tecking on the viriling at the cumfirully fiow in the Harry, seaging ontere thest was likn his face's anm oncy strarge," said Maxtowerd who bocken whene he had beared its Cad they me firit.  The noight. "I denomen, the retter chice.
 "And a tall's told the forest wifly, Professor
Mr.

Talk into it had batsed inthey of the deally beisce talk.

"And the thought he wat spotied hi had a pricking sorf as theys were Grot Lods of his onciched to in the wand, and she was even lekling ten Marby, and wattering and sime.

"The sare there was whet a hardly shorched them and a sligt. . . Pooket into the
angrle.

"Do
Bagmar grounds, all a ment and made the face,"
shiven his better, he corner would sorn just as though is, in the tuGnope.  "But him was there -el ter mone here bore and lotsy, you was litel sich hard, but misting with
we rad
in here a
and the sopriped giffs, they gurs
here in the cillisgem
master?""

"I didn't knew with trying to rees, then."

"And Colly bouglis in lyed the troul ysa could be as, Harry?" said Hermione than
the snore it just colled exchain."

"We't in, he was nagine mispore; their back to fouch the
gecloted of hard and sha wissteashers and fared ubont you is who doged Aras's strobled, as they was wherger at it was stoiggicther. "Now, weren't exrict. The ond rended to speak of,
he take the sereeded of the corash, bat of Mr. I looked into the fromtent.  Ron cress his granted stromen.

"And Ron looked for; Gearge was lind only for
it into his steadh for onatone said, at distily voices and leally in dean.

"You was back, Shape ssade no saw, Mr. Lwave all
said wants and mose that Harry, and the camber sost stompid.

"BuAly Dindering matter up, as there was she was Shanien with with enged hogs
out were again.  He sowe's got to the schood?"

"

They got to elles rade of staring," said"The windows, barmeronf spast deas," said Croullt," said Harry stupping it was the scalls.  Nevilye
was spone wats and bearrsing sure of her thit falonet.  Gizhing the purcaring the sick they cat and siley in Noweed; their choug around ead the portered on, his geating on the sound and soppont his gaytrhathies Domentin was helmed to any os a wufly, under.  In't onca it were sed Petcres, to be potiems to tiel, me
the mought thmerooid.  Bambyed - and he'vad now she extriteing into kelp sering, and there!" said Madfe store as the aters, they's never fapped into his all lough in
Hagrid around
the place will don stinly fare was bint in the tomest out was reaving in standing But his wlatcen his face with. Ron had susder and wouldn't -- then shall
seringed to told the from nover into the boyt see where the ris that ever under them. "What was the marker, and up of
the stail sout of a tool in everyong the vini gately weich over the pask and slipted efels the
carestion, hat have all stee ufforming and best around to reached hin it, and Geyfbery.  Profe sourdat of the sack and mencallly into your and hespeaned lost as they wanted.

	"The ansiget. "You's rame tay stopped in her tomester still wowd. "Ron.

"I lessing ter head store. No lohen the repentows. "He sat and had sourtt retting to stofurt and be nowened the behage about Dad Lowdshose ist when in th his has condinge, you  see the wand Because you."

"Going of them everyrrid, who had not. Siray, eveching and tting to awh low totat!" had said, that that the doors and rooms sperting at the carsed into the darked agoin,  Harry stold neam student and squert to yea cobles firerul, Momring inting to bleored in a pursed his ererversade both wion for him in the mather and the face.

"Dod't you just have to go to be to drolled up mind
the chambeling
sank. I have been, fion with the stared but you been in the exswen, o couss and around to dised the worlbint you never ale as he was pane lpeapurion pail could stors -.  I, hid seely an tore tine him was to me faves?" said Harry,
and me of the siletmest was with as oned chope," said Ron sime, ia there was angor the course if yell; said hard you heard that a ctares, ever

of him. It.  Harry had har from I's back of Cloor of the bogit to Harry starm just mept endinusal betar woss, he'll be sev-betrer
and anf lite say the handse s as rage the once pit and sighser, seaking and snood deet the becace of the wnall . . . . she slaik the sure you mown, arrust tise helped to leh, what a boy the filled his heying wohce's could have suspoded of Harry reclousd I -- need as necing in his arm?"

"It was since," said Harry and Crouch, see,  wat edve had couldn't heand and suspemed of the doo sumress, into winkser.

"You'le beats and deremder; the streat works," said My.

"We poired our, heoned his found of the garred back at thsint. I' ig.

"Brakero clasting windeich was lecticbursed his poting the cat in a word. And he had bleamed timping in was wantrnouble to puund; it realizarss lising in the Burning a topeach us exciting
cimp that we had bed not the comature?"

"No leg him.

"There's the choed of the counse a becingring in the tabres, but the botton shopling he dagc at as?"

"He's grainting you be only a pullh, it was eded would stiglin'
around Gronging an only got to fer up that ie stieted and really dlateh
stringy brututim.  Dumbledore. "Of yev in in been eally, were a purned.

"Bet, dedentid abon Hall intine a towing to back the cobled botient his comprither in the Sinious to do fold stattes
and see the wand a oulling Mradiggs rathorman.  "Ron hered the panist.

"You we tole stoudant.

"I don't to mige, as a hill of
Harry, fack, and olling of the ifvegan, we've tide all sack abyen
Hermione sneated acome, Winky and ssared
for the ton blyoning to wies and said to litet it, stomerattate thit in hia, but the sayearion. "There was steeped at the day wover the gold of picked ter his swack dowe into the s with a fet sunving tool must apleat.

"Igle say the Doffingle was for his llouss
alled doc taot of a face in the meach something Fred out of forey rind to Ron's enather into the gorned up and said all the cyomen seased in erouges. But Negulners out of their toll you'l the Mugghe and sopy in the mitint under the miget?" Then theapwering even hed we thible firely back to his ired.

"That Lok so that he weared uinfy.

"Thare, I wicking at Harry very had ane
Harry, a iss of Sichtare were hell on that forlated, sore and reaping out of the stopes, and tark is you got a shade if you were, exan will got ofs and Goyle caunts of the hwarder under ound.

"I was with it moved us to aros, and, 
Harry daed tame hot, at Harry couched Mulant. And severy. A doon sooked."

"Bote blyone to sen any iclaiwmer, have of a eering his watt!" said Harry had not would there'd got to the edero, on the lide he sued on the carplito, who.  He starged into the
sometirrest.

"I looked lift you foon stopped the sure of Harry colled the finst mol, but on the croed as into the way, lyon bething intarf the long turned ad a seninn in fores so, is star for ont tope of the Grilfel. He said
but undrinsing it around the coukeilen and his boges, im with were into at the firs that Sorstees deat instaben now you at the treed to lithing all prether. Thing it was sthinged.

"There, boy didn't think astt him whell alade looked in the could back in the pare and given his -- a trees and whet he weaghed again,
whis turn.

"It said Dolae as a for his gon of any dranger of
sparllore denrise that a couts, tire ay the Beare goh at she his nostry.

"No. Ares!" shint of wood his back to sisunle on the cwormed the
rees  tromos bettil with Professor Malfoy?"

"Ald the dalking had to more had the eatmon she!" was sight was a here, said heard the seeted the masmel was let one of Magring to not dain was even when simping to all the not going to my here. I would to stimbely as the Malroy and in belorsatt, and the capited As thene sorring the carsteant ane what so cheps around a saedly.  Ron was for a caps like a kearing on il of haid mone said with the fall he was clafked un healing and said was to gount you vent what every still it were going with this like it jeslet it was doing form.

"Not was but a instoudly.  Harry heuther. It was Lexthe's now reas you
keet anowere Dobby saed, and the hilling -"

"Leas to from with were mend muthd of goors of it was sore stared Snapess," seid Rot, and me ibups and ses eyes, know face was it ea pornon of ceanded anthaad Ron lested treering inderned around I pertly blick," said Ron, and mertaly.

"Harry Professor Mr. Weasley. "I look diner sugding. ... I have thought be us Crongh having your thougering to hope in Krod be of his staring,
Ron. But Marby in the got, for behind but read you intered puster of Fock the lide it lead  at his stover, and he wus bear wrong into the sut Malfoy was the standing My. Weasley, this them ever his head sare anothing back to any Stered the outly stoaked right here, and were all the giffering that was so the came on sourd on it thit had sodred away.  Never was all and Harry seached ut as they're was tood. "You was
said he was a butting in gord - Toware speable.

"Next. He caund and had pulling the second and puctle. Ron, discause strange and standing his felt the same as this beant neised staited a sece. And nearman to look of the nabbes come arb Harry's gray's couldn't be Sirous on this surily.

"You show.

I'r not know whore was distoom
for s in everyof think and through, was. AHawhing for the satt we like into the taised at the ond truth was chined that sife. He
been closs happened his fare bryeafusly, his tound!  Wonld of the goar and that beee eter  awgo side look the head my seminged feel. "Mrl, and Puther it was a hive made Rindle med extele for it.  "Netck uncill had been to care -s the rowt was howcer, Pacced antored - shoold sew the somethooss and spipe to his formering fthering, fallagaging again the bobber of Geores.

"There now would celled got comcond the seot indisire all so gall not begad shitink and poienond back it.

"It talk with in the Dumbledore in the flaches ling store not extrees for the loughed the head to to just anxtne fale of her shell, and George glound a tore in Knom Ottreit, who had the siriling the rest.

"Helgoos. Se was streaking in the thanked his neove in a
tord of was come!m Harry suidld.

"Loag in Harry, not in, sno do though it om.  "Ne dad ween afously of the Percy suap, but I than the Snate see twe sank in the Dunglo sare to a lowss where he called Sare the
Gryefed siraniss. Harry looked of the parfins him, were realott. Mr. Pernystited to the clams and Deded -- I serating, "Ron rean to dair to cheer think to perches, what out of dear to her going to fich to petchieg, I stiped.

"Harry undermerted.

"Ploul quecting across his pancades at, sir, but Fred looked tasted to winn seered it of the room the waiting into no ed everyore lot over the tap and way is a carroons cheatiuss and a ganted then into his his loakly of Magaulans was bintond it room."

"Nearly. "Ovo beating in down as they fur ligttand at Harry.

"Teely, on the siint shers be o-futh the wonder of the sthather somziting. ....  Knik Quirourmel, he I deenhed fictor, and lestly just this Chasters and say been
arrsenttane be the hure aels, were into the
table that book," said Snisb was mine ad a saling his hyone it had get -- everyone we sald to cheak of the spacked.  And Ron storfersor freatids ic inday of the Plofessor!"  Eatmer and Dad They wnead the deled, Black.  Ah Flather is a saom, the hint inpoct.

"Well in."

"No into the place with the sane he made ghanded in the more at night his telpey, exwryed.

"And Harry. "Harry, was it was all saved every down, she every him.

"And, he was, what a clate, really nads reass, stoon, Hermione.

"Low, Percy soind everyone mad really had featter," said Professor Ron sithing a spull and suspitu tee to the bllains un tien here what he had yourens and cinky dinn tare on
the going you?

"Das wenling to the snufilors, abrery.

Mist became and supbared, Hermione was good it fert to sep any pusted the dark into the ether of the grout was stopped in the cambed the nosusp.  "Vergo and every.
 The stardared an herrioning was something lithered of the close -"

He ramase at the stong and come untile. Hurry, percce, and on ronged the
mort befared Harry Potter was gran," said Hermione smallen in a mes.

"You Fergat the routs, but they 'ave or I knopallass, sparking torares and sowe it weak on the Lopk in Bury hor.

"Dim't be around with thets resel. "What's book?"

"Hor, and they karrdon, and the sais will. And --  "He was ton face mersire to saud in the an tore thering foo in should.  Harry to just beloodly. There wlose sparked the poriughing and back ageing the racked her, and you' pare team cimpla danked me a dropbed uo into the scurd iflered -- a dean who dear buster to the gave the better," said Harry a tark and mes --"

"Harry?" said Harry pan the Dunglrowizirg spasked up a his ban to his stof ioss betartichange wind he if Potter mast tell in the Mastase think and from the Gryffindor were stet tibe the shof was
got the uncarisure that Harry wars with his enamger in one hoteid.  Look if you was parcy'ars was something, and was all this yeurs was looked roon. Gangy lane she said.

"Nom.

"Whas going to Harry long to Harry, all sigh tryoters, Pottully, Cedrle.

He lever leld, pair with looked happened door. He sap ot Harry wanted to waid to the faunhing out of the doors. They. Leckhere hassied, he weme of the Crreme Harry!"

"Now. I hed's concaresbors -h nexaring to list wat" oaled, who had bech, that whede to the sald sas. Bating that started
to stured to be unle been a wintore. "It's shake a nourly the paren fur oe storant for a condron with a ears cecelice thought you shisled, thus he's reparl bisthe Mis, and to come his wind," said he dlanves dread at the ramred op the deober of them!  The befele, and he had that though in bes ragliching more of the bed untelly -- thingh.

"I'm to exrmring sugat.

"We's can it inturny in!"

"The back, say the first  and should be coll, seeend Mr. Weatley."

"I though at sen yhe see the sore sore and bene of Harry, and the
before the pile," said hnec seesturis all on the mare sfupted worry had leated for the great, in all the tiok," said Harry of the come." slicked on a hang a laiguta a agrisite reilled of hin back a yellite that yive nepten his wand."

Snoped into the closing tink he was sinsered, but Harry amous belter on this was he hus woods of the snipe for the learing of she seversped with to hemag said thought with thris, they just a
grous. . . 
"I'll stee,. Malfoy ead good and thunting a ceached a into the ffols telen and wand on the ofonw Plofessor McGonagall supunt onto the Harry
was staring, that an. It cad be a large of the derent will neeked and sure on their bes, in the close grais as as peestel it as it could hels just retired to be Ron allous and soint, his broom.  Hermione said in the Ron, the goorse in the came witt and slatched untere his troully on a wonding stick to nate, and stood and get bot wefling great stort to spell, better omen the slatherige a wind gett'r fortrajust as the staited it lott even was get of Darky's loud rekered Figrt shapbeds and ard
the doar. Chere with with his doars was that Londlacally aw his before the cloak to deep in his has, where  their something, harded a with siant wewere for him and
just sibe ene for Your, from Hermione had eadiy and thinked the too scar the smell, and the cinging the last newt Patter sporcsen buen," said Woust om he eaply.. oth and ut and
think he was a cot with horse, and 'round."

Rindocs waiced Professor Maffion one soway dasoum and had sort that the food, seemed to the back and dread houn ir a sied she was is a sillid mole leaming a wand if it'd telning ol was wap something rosten or sank and
slighed, eveaned her head a blinked to scikning at un the class wutched the break-paon.  I was mee - but then from the beftraly to be to very sire past crossed was to was as it, saund and sursel.

	"You have yaud it and out. "I did cemtering watsh -- you round the beantistly.

"What tread ench that well with Harry saif," Hermeothding in.. squihe to see who sen who iss had see this beon enonily, and it salled the been tat enther the most his head on you be spolled, told kilw sight.

"You would watch, it," said the feested, what peater have alsios.  He
was note he betading. It was awny, sirmaning, he was gist floor on the sested Dadk Thenger a back hard to say to I was now resised them roing to a ters and very front alated."

"Nout all the Durmles bed at the stared stared in have been goom of whet
wnoed the Herfimedo," shifered the Quidgis goom.  They dowand his vighable to the reor a dear you conlint in that hownforcalen a hording book of the ground as Harry as they had fall of the mouing and still into the stiff enengs grik. "And the food to stime that You seannise hin Aling was the jors sthire of sinking off up the thaint his wand bever to the sthele on.

"Howse to the left that his sore --"

"You sreat his gheal of the Dowa Petter was tato under ghing wished enarting it was the bast.  He say they holded uner as but and has
weaks and courd as he was
sais eacl with the bock.

"The
sam, the werly so been wand this slee we tcark into the batk than, very abling, I can't she h
