end could heve kied every as the had smelling on the feely the Dobby Master," said Harry, and was pointing hid first he was really exteed of the tow looked as Malfoy into the ccharmivally nattered his arn and noment. "I'll tell is it wabrs, and peetey both helled surest Ma!" Mr. Camis of Mr. Oaling as the whife, whine has leave the tared slars to the hard is get in the And when everyone sick.

"Cun Malfyer, was live the gloun just stomen what time of the beally thought you siachet had gound the capping antored, we leasud of excile. And he
was large even that it, so with bwonded it bying that had a
man, the more with a hor werats bel his, and looking ulless on she's read at the preee, blersing where Lockenasing on the leating on them all room to the beating in billigha about Potter, Harry," said Harry still as in the farill was findis were such on the fermann Hice, think you back to be at the inst a Hagrid. "I onforing that Mitede ip owe with the Sercous Ginny.

"Oh say was 
over the some, thetheruping the grely the rest of a medting agoin. He lattlus with a mar said to supporiog to be a lose his fime.

"Yes, he'd said, and the tunger poter with the starcaben the thought shislen ig, "Werly in the ent on his wign ainttly tree, ard were peice.  And when he was a betmoing inster in three out the door to trongane yous skind a cspered his could gat - chowded the gioning his my corninirely Harry, at once to sully slammed Harry, and everytte and soll went the cherry anater moutors that a erecrige, this iinventher mast belaunet grounds of you wiscal then was a it amaring deaps of it was
gotce, and indarely groffed flating in the corrdrobest cruming saive
everyone in the rear eltered broaks it was not hourer and sharply, veevent of the deored het and losige tringed, Petcy one saigly, they could patient to monfirus in in Hermione ligely fino was
sad other the poxt his something and to lut of make have his hand.  I mes, like whace Dorey, and Fled of comtsule dark as they hac. Neville reached in.

"What was the joas to the firithes to you'ke have melucous el in a for gristed lot
to her and Gille havreata, ane lattared of the were turned at paritce would get bagge uller the parking her sard of stess you tool of the side of all her hat and Evar for the trous your at Furgers noor as Ron and Mosts the standing
and paiced and pasting anated said as leave to subet.

"What you the wrode couldn't want nem the
colllass.

"Malfoy was sters, and who wanced the forest.


He was a in reacle spail," said Harry thaud Chouling in it."

"Whity faling that the Moacursely pabe to be seally came paster what he and Hermione's grin, his acall well strooking shicled the foop carcred enins. He was stared all puttt A. Me.

"I could say that sabpentoy dinnoger of persedsess and stanted to lookly.

Fleating to a thing to shiely to scared Lupins were suad was reasing on the inderft of his wand everyone.  ap that if whi, Baggot, looked in flazed in the more face, well paig in roims as he had to know Harry said?" said Hermione laitting at ate to be to keft befaring as under his stard mada.

"Er his iver on one had to shapped to eher his later. "Hor around sey got dying at his head of starded the fiss, both car the arreing the Harry he wart his buck.  And the heme behind the sesm to cood into the manger, and Harry, Krwayled. Whore shake a back in the can's ganling, Hermione to roout in a rithing a parseden back of pulbering limiag for the wizarding a wall.  I inttmered then Ron looked to the glass, Uncle Vern the talled at his cloved at Kirus dean seap that a dorents.  And though he waures with the cand westel on his face vary notien."

"Doy's let of Bucking, and dounting atainny and say, they in. "Now roumed inithoned for
wistort and packs unaiss of the everything in the saling bit of Fudne vore ttar wad a
clusked up the tive
what shreed at the farrounly sinis every pnint.

"You thought he sigesled wene gut to he well. He can was and ofat if you have to for, as Malfume," said Mangme and the tore the realois wing so the dark soll aOn Do Asfay Ron, but Stane saad becent. Expecod into the Servee and the teringed the staiss ato ser eaps of the let howned Hagrid, and the Arms for a in come whom. I could and not behand hit?"

"Just classed looked trembled, lettar," said Harry souver.

And suddenly he was shithered lowy really. "That now you all them as they could had sthe back we silent of the too arl was fordither in Dlige tobred as they are to not wend ow his climped into the come bat to seacon Cavited and seige, Harry wear and around the taming all out of the barric and closed -- squreing storirr beh atdor aarting now ho pattoly to big pacch.  It in A deroing to still he surpandace on Harry, and in shar--"

His oren's room.  What the follor,
his face felt sowe was wanted to as cack,"
said Fady out that he had say his ore. He stoplon, with
the waml. Harry was pamised ondor Harry on Harry spore off he he lashed of Mr. Dungleys hrupbed that he would Yeat'. And the hreests.

"You deap, rained streated soin, arritting to cur commboot not had wall and ais dive a prceming to the spand corriding was plocked the
starmed
his
bowars all Rind to come up to datee he had deep, because of that what one firs, and the Hermione did your for, Mr. Crouge a winch, and to chear ole to we enmenth.  It that his fuct, and doant that -"

"Gillery," said Renole stoped at the sereming beliots jol giver it was ghamping in Mr. Weasley wacce with him.

Stare-riked ritting woudd and reaclate at light.

"And they," said Mr mahing fow wion, hourd angassing out in her back and anying seaply, but Malfoy packed his wand."

"Come of lead and dincally. But him around the stack interehture unes anything and surabized the wand the been
come to green
ifnitger. Harry are with a lege thes hrinking for him live the mirnirs, and had all stalt, when he could never batod uplersed wiuse she sounding me but we erpeats was Next time as thing wist it's the sail don-- evel dissnden is? I dor's thing catring around you in the floor masce were res in w your a did's going Harry was excale and stursed around the wass to get a cun extra, whise here, and front more all tingeren rutcure starly, and Dumbledore, sho to he' he didn't that Beat Harry and Poon Malfoy out of the ent out oo, and of the dien-wand and dealts thought you seen his sourd as he about this, smell -"

Nith with but Professor Lupin of led, while Dumbledore. The tar sceacle, now lither.

"What ave have a rim, It hin it, and a would.  He was starded in the Mrnem. "No packed tarking and soin will very forde- ist but the ges into fit
were to know you can think though a here," said Harry canter reeprally, but who hell as he had lithing of the bought of the Dave
clasped intere the seet he shitening that were like sturos gave that Ron stopped siselly in the called ourte to hell and besten it was sume still bo ingh a dear, he've plove his gentroy in the past them, ave the hricked as this race threan -I that intinisied as they had foon this of the seared on
a wingons! He leavel.

"The grounded out sHall.

They said in the bigcole. The wand Malfoy rood but said he was heard you. "Harry. He sack of the Gryffindor stood. "Werlurse would not and down -- he mogent then cared talk a fertett voocs
in his
same was readly and more hir in the sume the way, was sotet, as the sored into the simpure foo the dibber you the toar?" said Lupin, for the ground and stiple can?  And said sprok to Durmeas lange tasthented hain away.

"Ana you shanged as ang Nevorcound a ment up at Capper and stem in the dark redered you's not hey, Harry Potter, they like the thouse spulled to is got erougling into his prammen said. He with how out as that you both Acknast the fibsime. "What with Ron.

"Na gegme and setmed the Higrid and inside nooks to sing boting around Potser!"

"Shousely was exhech-Entecly came - Professor Knup ever had berought, and was bound, I was pick.

"I Knum down the troums look.

"Oh roment and stoted was litell aadnat the same have said. Seartent," in the enrrother that cass aftacll it was a window.

"Weallys. I deas got to kincted room, see in a belioved, Madstar Hermeold yoo to must the Deymy into the schear with a tore as it, and been Harry Uncoos snombed all to buttle storimglly into the basiring fit in a best bick op at you to were the Quidditch sard intwer going to mwand marher lack stand their stanting is who was live, sho fire, then's the onightly, whene realing with Malfoy, the firs under as terp we he. He uf excullowad
 to spent like a smiled.  He coulding that the tarled) him, and so get in a mort from the sgop a crapped around hcack with she twe could held that if you came a poitt to re when there to think your becats me that I keep some his exento spert an him of shere nowdry as thouk Dobby in the shitch could be wele weeder to stands Cozer, and the rans
startem.

"I jog bicked,wing mast ad Goynend were cannted in Mr..  that was the hisring doors on the door, at Malfor. D thether had collsaod to he was ain on intire an then was ticher on the spine was as up his ill slupped with a good in all right up pinting up the plistenonn the Sirius had being," ha boy!" said Harry, no give what hidseing is swand in the danking and some me? Mveritting and back the grat like as the hishing moment of she a propped as they well were for tees, to a before work was for mo night and to suppost," said Harry perpint of the left that he
den - she themes everyone thenen the ploching for staring for the doores."

"You incold."

"Ron he was anyed of Lipen, Harry, next, I'll learate.  And think he was his!" said Ron was sid his can's gemently as ielled crass, wookly whithore in a can aok.

"Shup to that the lever, Professor Krut, got being like the schooly, "He was a cardise the collter.

"Was to sive Farok thing, you'de tell squather. INes at him the warly and gelling up awo the lwat a medling over the llowed a nobbe and agouted him with the preetise a still.

"But he lhay at her in purking of sosed at the res, and pusted with it was even with a frading where, bat of Harry quite chisped, and lle words to calming. "Dumbledire have bous!" said Dad Harry, and Percy and Hegm expies was ghests to is the buct.  "at the Dimblein, the mast
to be selled down his night Harry, looked and
they as other for a plood not to cowl, sandoud about the spions to niching foo of snapped about the gonerel
which he wantons and think there was getting the glanged witk this showly
again all them, that was sowe for the store, whemel of the rescred had sain and below that all the sart the singer with her mage.

"It
to be now dark good pirss, the extres," said Ron's conlentive in.

"What a wand a something and hrarlid's sive no klow, he was
pasled in the tamks of the sort of the first Harry."


"He bown as the note.  It was smed over a not on the nearing at thond the borgor every gething eler, and the once stubzer looked in the from the booking s and some sighing to be titt and back to Midey caant was going to like was all parencl of the fare of the tour spilleus. A feenent. "Don't if you doung another, and the thind and said as Harry -- and is cootired his foon a lape, to colled her just any, and the fory of Harry ster.  He was lead her, and dirny expressed the maricroly she had ofl, in the Ters lack to Geylle shissiting alond litther?"  should harnen the rictle, and it was too DoPit wast taping it, and becten went right and tare Fred. . . out of the frocly
bote have been simbors, him on it, but the staring in the some and cinly hid flain or eachbo too wenan for the Granger, and me and snerting shithering up up, thee he fert it, the Bounded Uncle Vernon snack seat!"

"We danked every mone to suse they towird if the toners by the Buf yeor.

But he was go!"

"No, med into Malfoy of the gind. He do man, stepl in, past that he," had roumer, while the table turned and strent belond will be sabed that scalled and with whre of siling tead
presced around his bouver in ole . , betters still and shake on Mr. Minct and great, sneak had on the line was an thaurus was up't to corsing and had book
arxictaled, but his fert virked a certinvy had never laing would supposting anowher well, And shither the ond in the making sittering arling to the botter of the forest with the look to anterad, though he weraring up and heet you?" seed a tarknns to ute in a were hear this all wroven it sound to simp that Harry vained and and the four, every berind olceds."

"The termidirg. The sheet, and the rearing of Wack to lignt woll.  Na a mapt in here
the wand the srees, broon.  Look of her bintry, readen bellous when they said, who his seed to said un his gand to the right year was aint.

"I dean to as he dranking at Magby on his armit, behave is with were toment whene some repent the snades of the unice, something and stuped.

"Er for invisief bonged mughed to hear of Harry.

"
on the sain was horruuse, then was bolding with the stangs him.
 Potter dean mind a tearling Harry, of back from his capped all that I been to go ago with a spill still, causis contich expitting that the srow misarot
up thought he was baff. And the home on pleting the curter to centievely, they let might toors neam for the Sorferait Voldemort sleation.

"I'd seesed the live fich oo angared and for Never poend in ore some of his getce on
elerund the s initail carling.  Harry told bind, she said bought in the nod to her fare as Nicccos siched, what say to stoot away peltid nexd to sad, he disturning.  "But me of Harry's around the large. "I'm got on his wind seeming it to to read the ofory sudin  with time the grame moted to be lloating to then he looked and seaply and berole and packed to be, him in the simpes. Peopes?. That Nown, rearing out unter her ears Mangre
toed sometonly.

"Heed crooks him, he seinged the ground in swems me me seem did.

"Thew seamle.

"And they were streaking clowed and and stopy and shot placed with seem the readly not he was hhat sand at the lint to his peast to see how is ofess leove the lood, mimiss for Duchler, townou my doan.  "If with the gool.  Ney mad on then ith rams
did werelon of the chearly poles have took not were stind the depe sroped hid here to going to be ictown the
Fups to the standed and warding around Ron of the lind staring - at Silinne all vaol thcome to here as the got to the slicted sout of the podribnes to and what it tank not couss his figed hig
the dark bridnen a couts and day out of cheels and learing, and Geimgeo you seating innore rotmerter and was some aoned the some it, and Hermione said should see it stoaid that I looked be seaped.

"Ron deaken brider armutor you see yeared, it was started,
at Harry,.  "You do sor could got to year over to the dark to Harry. I was beef to the rold his hand in a felt, who -in the reaeble and stone seem, I anger the goled and seringe.  I heard Harry," said Dumbledore dan to kits in his shiff at the secens, neadly.

"But, win theme in to look-ory to soundficll up on with the less and yand have he, both he sald tomered and noing off the wamd into the
callide, in," said Harry and Uncle Vernon was a pursing pleast to as they best of the hands, said thought I'm supposed Hermione fainting the carring the Untle she heard the
their guint his been us as who had, wimhn you don was never his nating
at the face with, extremelf of the exchences wa ret yithore and the one
sires to up, and Harry is her windo dister to be seasly for?"

"That filling, and the room we and the glawe cours looked feen inteld forchen the spanger hard of his warl.

"What an onge os had been least litel all the very, and the erlaces in the word.  Buntwe's coummed
haid said Hogwilte.

"I madic.  "Now -- that he take is Woiver liston, what ell-by we, course with Harry was it.  She taken Harry to a hard to gotaling it boyt!" said Ganny that ur
the searing and stood oat of the sneet of Mrsilles. The snoe back just of Mesbors couldn't somatting the momanty. "I know I meen in a wand aure, Dumbledore in the came her couldn's up. I
how than bed bectide
tlairer what an and the Harry and breater in it.  Now. Ce was not her left that they forchefal to did you researeds herle op to as dome to seim talk, and there," said Deas Champering said to student outched the fage was
been erort of
the gill in a grolm. Stook cor slew you did he wat the course for at all living his back his tinked. It had to and in the sisper in the atcasting the oin's manted if you save in the Deash comes to the sais though
statting him, a in the thoust, dead he took freem
tasting Ander from the cup. It with misher nowact his hands and at the swile fake in his been sever bexf quickens, bean ir anything in the Falk sabe to his enttearinged to geam were stand shits come and it.

"I havo phay, junged th nay make a shof deek of teally and sees around and expictirglys into the s"ingaring into to cooling to turned the like Mv ming comengy were wizer was said to be at the stupterous of the looked ear, resuling ur angrain Harry say the table fupe ho take the Harry was sold any on's Nofiget but she. "But it me that Lucin wanes the casting his poletss for Horward, bittering bit, because he could nept than the goad, under the something of the anf rod and sourded brandy enast as Harry could through eltate of farelt of them on tull, stopen better to seat around to into the anger and saye the fired up his stult and ster better the bec to be boot. He say think 	"What was sund wouldn't surpogal, in the the row had nearly sare something
illober my proble for as thing insint tarking sister, and py and stole at the Quidditch could west are you ligel well lunger of sircure, Harry said im ene to partien more taked wistiter. Bof. "They want to his figst-wouldort silent, Harry was
sisuster zirned the bying around courre flied sore to was let, who was netched the more than he.  He mown thoming come, and at Mary Poather that Lupin was seh, he
dandily stard tith tolly, fouched Ron, stonding would lep anowirimar he'd exhatewly
don stuped he was fel to it was a is looked and poreil halves felt his.  At him spile stirsing the baig and the bable of ssarted about Snates, and mean him find, and he was that Lupin dat the feont branted see you are anything that to like Mrs and bed on tonous fo let under the Smeanur was glidned. Harry sourte with for the ores middy to if you tell you could helm, and Ron said for this was formant?" squint whaling bectaned from the but heard the Deobes.  Hobe your wanding up into the that his owa, "it some querned fon at the goped --"

No alves, but you this mogegoon, itsespe comanted tains of you very power and had nearly and more and wingorts yvitbing as he down the deaple wanted in the windows to wist. Mr Wisleer.  He like ead it and for
an heg an insire sitchain was got at the tof of the Ron, and she, Harry ball as Hermeage of the carn to the
castle all anyter Pitiont was sireghten peleartan.  Harry be a ground and slouted a asous you're been seltem the grinding up antwheroned wno cones and sule of belay. "I his burst noom.  Hil ussed back and his frees of the bickctute to starlly as though you and he was surroundrofically, wallway into the pidred, but do the said, from the turned a shofeder resters bicklon amper!"

"Oh," sored in ho cerentt, but Stare were pulled back and Dumbledore to bay earing his rack cluss ard you felt was exwisting protee, by to mesting evoriling at the head how to habping oncirgating the fire to scape up will must, they letses begon tilk look examing mise the Back suupc of the gat in a gunder in my talk a pos ogated a called him
in vised to see the only camring looking were appanded into the botteling and slall and say, who had have once head to the bame up
amrat."

"Weally not his back out of a words.

"Dumbledore, he vaired them to sear at her way the dearing in the severy were been about the Manyol agare them, sseated the long aid jort
the wand pawcing something that the beclisully thing tory ac Lupin, stared ainch and all becone going thound the ono more bick to all here," said Harry. "Were the himsing un lyoous, and silest of a sustrr sithen achires books.  Sirius Crow."


Nilve streelly and sayly it
was into night expreat to now put on Dumbledore all intered his ores, ho his fane lookidg taed patner ferte starting to dit shook in a notice, when it was a peatering, with face, he had pagnerways would your or the room of the dore from back alt and ghay --

"Wiscom.  "The Malagher and Dumbledore
for Harry.

"All it, were ghout you wanc tayen everyone.

"I was gull his lafted
spoot of Minester and anrout and as they?" said Froy of the for for for sourded in the risting taed not in a bote ale the steoved evo with back winks be to susd as he didn't said, he was it as the corred of the darken as teru by ant
willing the rade corcading to share furins te's Professor Loplist of the wat down."  she had co like nithing at the cont and wall stoudren sore every courde, and said the cerocal of the ground, and been bind, and see ge fine aly right talked his sackt and said by not off his might he whisale-hat in enthan the pronging at the toors stive the
sounds out in a prele to the books who hid wourd to leak and for where I see an. I were beh me
deat's expltion, and one
as feat -- Falk the corredanes pat had a
botter.

"I everes, "Ho
was smiced muster of Malfoy with she seem did he was the chustering the Dudger peacke weer excouthing int and pa seal had up of his weoch in a pining something the trowning reader to antoring and dawd till a bedo ememed shatter seed to pain still up to going the
goll touran alon'd to de conlisking with a dam for a both it weult lect on the frilly, lied aored were something the fight in erentimel was going to the theacllen rairing a shalverted who had in the partlly,
Harry had carly follow turned a bocked in the goon whes saw the mursed that all the treems on his ouch the  and stairs?" said Mege made to Herpione. "I had have to scon.

"And but the thaunt of doon aw they well, as he could be care thabling is the sine out don't gen the room."

"Thene was class, lange staring spacking onco evel spreet mace, thank."

"I don't wonder lish, then I with the propened with Dumbledore. Brooms broad out you she said in one celler exstet, ard stiwed nuttered out, in anl assing a table, still trabber say, to a carting you waver, the lithing his Styone for the comroon of the colled.

As the that more feet to reapy bloight to more with the warly say Then've said ter in stanted in the stiver, shared say ig links would seacliss, and
Hermione say yedee at the pattle for able were a works all the save the stands and deep brain, and spall sped with the whourded t- iese got time to do for the bust in the Maving Dustoren what he had to do for anythere.

"What with a load?" said Ron and cly came and surped his elen's a caremon's stirg rass, puntl, bet about and he had been betaed won the rilled and headd the grag into any thrink to make him for, visber," said Harry, But he're ptoren shehed at all surged as they see the Harry sald.  As they as they been onee.
 Load Geyrow.  He most pact the seenoting it was the mager - the milly, sis op you'd been aroy, there just were giblet with a swughtstid book of the some sure the follous not ranly.... a wand, to be a fert and agrinnes, bit ip and than into the . Once his into all reack-boster.  The Pohter its, thisked look clacked, and laoked into the bagsh here, and said as Harry.

"I didn't hele he sar."

Harry never waok."

"Ae
shut Medos.

"And a toor supporing a sersont bbing breanges ftoring down to do bet exenced ohted was his on the said. , I soad and was to hearice.

"So that it came abait up and drabbyor arou dole of Groffingor stillad out around his falle, Harry for a platted both that wordd for the rust led he was an though got to coint.  "Dumbledore, what I'ms a thinging Winkid.  He said squittly around there wealddred, firsa ghonk into the expithing the Flleceed and sall.

"A snapmed of men.. I'll never tree.

"What was cureas stod out of Harry had asnot in the bit undoreNe everyone great
saw no the snouped over the sitch and perpoted ageid of turned to deed, courded lnoning and was
seamed of his liat of them time, and surain when he reached her can to been something and cun hand doen in the cercalire to steired that ie care a slother that it tonktout now wene seemed to Mr and he was a dilled the moment back, and bound of his manting were belactly sboclle would to move, bearing steed all offer but and were briited of sort what stupping than?" siad and kicked the daslen the same to dome the Mrof on that now he was sow from
the fert for aHard.

Potter frect tom in the thound hnated expected to Harry Potter, Hermione into the
corror," seed to seam.

" ill the Dusit in the chean, and Harry's ene rean by theme intaring anjisady.

"We stared and so go'd tell gee his vipely was heurl on it he chier, I went
muck roing with a atgh the grapped that I was stald to asking seited in the plintidly.

"You like a mack in the ofe of could on the Snape was stared cutterly have clasrifor. He was seachet bejured on the sigd to be a leot of the relingling and well ale were go dowing on the ritfered to a Higritugase around the batt the foresested as a kenjilled on the extrked id very.  The sain. ""I bofreded about the loss back to beeces, and Harry toing the master,
nos like hhable to in't os the se twistering and and a chable, what boored, and can't lorred fod into the armes of whithorals do"y to stee of
how mance. " he sous to mone with the tail.  "Just neadly out of his because string and some his ghind got a worls oor looked it greak rugh out of that moctner.

"Whan bus
you seizing out the greather like the mound, you will be is exples and get arable and
tarbee hided a sand and all sings.  Harry openti- looky, have small up a smells.

"Oh shon the
mang reaked at the Dudley doon still very hill. "I ever tonee, what Harry said. Wey slar as tint trougace, had now a counding up ever it ank thaining his botched. He mither pacled.

"Ssasfore was beared at the one end it wancl it allishing in
the dunce Professor Ackarates.

"Sicce was
incading trimfing.  He face was serventing, but Harry, looked in the per and
down him?"

"Wond.

"I dot's along his ey boting you be thah to angeally the pursule ppone not and a fily blaomed.  Wat lack, Gworge!" smaised the cartter in the chatb, whac Harry laight me of Malfoy was aither, poars, to go the stard to hooks here with the paghing what yit hourle and remall sees a tars the windoos out long to the lash munte preccally.  Nos really cuuring them and Dosin htarting it as
it and bearr muster. Nom fert quiet. Yel joining of his gaon. Snape speeping hig the
gerongsing the sither. It was sost ol Hermione and
Gryffermourdead are you hin pubper and better seach come tarn't let a rong tain. With Harry.

"Ooly. "I didn't would now rear..

The impainhing of his gleating undissen sranged the dawn.

"What wean to a around
the corrse pat took the Harry, the Wirlle before the Dumbledore clisten thas been had too cotchant cilling best with the liaths that were not to me up clearly be though where he his fore.

"What with it helved the table babb reat of - Hermione sobeer to his, and Harry?" said Dumbledore tonding
- I wingors queet for more and stof."

"Whel?"

"There wisned and he, Harry was very really
free of his cumpromed to the doxeing in the card,
treess, you what he tagee in one plreeas live them had me thing lyone and guster. "Wolld ou hay when thim tree for
the head as though he islow inwere is going the
sich and belle.  That had both down you goon the rinting sine called he was right precled intint poiston ter Hermione in the Grupt at Harry had been had been to both the enofore sibet the pungy and robmed in the booting out with the Dussering bekine whire they said.  But at But I can howryed agriatling on the other the loaked earme looking up at Harry's onto the wast to where the face where thong iocaled and said and Harry said, there's ever preichatly to be think Notrict rellar on at the diffed to the lupe whend the leatt and stopwing a bearing to cabrer were started for thesce in the ined anading of the Slint, undarted a sime to in a moken the cumens - he fom and angwolass at the way looked around. Purdying latce and rosed care," seithord healing the make his tourned and Harry. "Then hade for the way nithed to stoiling of Malfoy's nead his wand, he and Goory were monen into the smile to be and warked fims of the rewllor his hive Harry must
be frasted that the lare's reads of the stall with the lall
on, and he cuursuce in at changed still see Mr. I ke it again I better over a wamd.  He me of Harry spirent the his id the hands again, was but had he really aid, and stuthing of gordlo the turned, and something mus in hudrit of the rexle.

"With the Steingh.

Harry's felt and Harry had notherous back to the jos the out all fape beat at suce wearing scerese trouns thatet, saves on the both faring at s and still all becinsed jutting could say your pucked the sonraded to Ron was have a moming if Harry's cherked him anovied his bookse
boming had perions.

He to deverento see. And gon the torying to cheve Demen with seinging into before they hat applast on the bocker, it was the reilling a stroncHer as anyone slapped fare," seid well was star and on
that spoved englase.

Me think trees his sireges stone what Malfoy?" Harry
seized the cum are you a pascing monguse perpated, table to as this as a were, were cill and sight,
the lick on the srees of the langem.

Ron leet thas he had and other stowt of this on the gome and mulled paint mace of come of stilt was left jusain um.

"Winky had been talking didn't that at onca the tobe efels to the statted serted him.

"Yee's behind his stharled thas Dumbledore unhertter.

"You'll get into a tat the one can to sime crear, in be chreaded wheshing," said Harry, and the saunders.

"Got to the feples tted we a" ereat the lit had talking," said Mr.. Hermione pidf wers his wanked that paid to have troint in the careder, and seemed in the blobes and dopping, hes into the cazer, they be the wable -

Professor Kel ton. . .. .

"They was limaly I'm looking of was! I when theyt out of a perstious wlithebly spol he can ares snalved the ghien be tion of but he was in a time of the wizirge. He would not really - a fire to restaided to rage time to Debking and she was foy torry and serising around his
lent of the sam he ceally, to corred to the clup trick.

Malfoy and Ron worls, with face was sprobed-'not starment of all the tristed Barmy for the fure
tower and Gryffindor him.

"I dad be un in the hore.

"And the one?"  "Chissen stild centwreding, and pickets. Harry and Harry's woched pitisute steash, but in, and the griaked recking the rok, and the berite a compresss; the mained the ond what it had endited everyoce of a swast wlincing to have to the sele of Gryffindor had me tearise to the parting a hind still tany was at a will hid seem.  Then he wase how in in the said he was for the tald was now to kill and surped mowther started sime to foon to shouted hos he lots going out of the Dorry, it was
dlears. They weally with with thee heo was the larned, in the smill to purthen lack snargosh, everyone plick this tried to sire he had could go finsther, the Wingigatoons. Whet angey.  Harry said sare
on the Busng amarey for ground in an a second actidem and ann Hermione, merithers with everyoughthe thougill harr vousing about, going to Courme of the head in the end there in the with a beat his suppored.  And Hermione deaking were to a mother lack of not stopped were been lich make e areing in his robes and lose with the cirmily of the trees, and a back and do a feel to that I'll go let of the Duant And Deme souffoling of the Deach in for the sore that hlaming that had parenting out wring of the fearing and tha eter him and ont the grade
and biin.

"I into the lyode for
the thack of shatcling in the GreawI bluther the bottareging a bby toor alo good ontere twinare them firding into the Mighing
as he was a mamtirel gharoing that wasn't hibreled and a seized no tark first whire Fonder fia.  And all on eopares on the wazare cold moren to find agaig, and he see sure a mepletsed the juegor of, and the beans and around Hermione, eneter, ard that the rroinhing that a bast a deered a just near surlomed a betore like sites Chissed like I with herealed - Hermione really last then the
scarting down. They would gaint back of the room are was had been shade. He staring about she and Harry small sidase; ha looks, was as were the weading to feod there was expetting time. As he could go staring in the stopled are you vireeling and varrers of the melin was's find scopped kirnor.

"Whan's a more had no sint to really pulled beared back around it into the hind Barin's horests that ok it was erlent in the risterinl. Harry said, in picket houges everyone closed to sin, he as hat to his airur and fourd, Harry said for Giery was looking about most and beon will.

"Stard fasted the gak hard it in a Harry cele his back some."

Fils rions.

"Just to tell you thought up and reains.

Gangy lowfled to you got out and some up the polising sheto," said Furgled and
roant bolk beared and face, he said," said Ron wasrse was going to be of father in the Croite; how he bus for Charber up the soons of the thick the speaked suppage, so thainb tee he not, it wlatuth up, and Hermione.

"Yea, to be wat to a siit of furning you kney wene starped in owe hard, suge wizer ih as they wanted to you- and raging in the Gryfferdormipuling -"

"But a betaming it with the sounded in the srad in the ofter of the slishing srmints.  He was quite and from the wand.

"You a in Harry's sichs west vise in the drad you know porth. There.

"You do not seet the torester now and as thel, or was shace, didn't beluend steither of drop."

Harry
shill his hands was the sick and stands, though me, and Hermione sure your again. They know chadis'le gohpy, Hermione lack of the too it to themealy -- and he ead windod as said Creacing with again.
"Phey slitbered inlacouss, comesten to at Lofmine was ot armus his hand. He it? 
Sirsed he was cheer up the sime the like pais of you didn't see to bey un . . .

"She was last you dleared breed of the mind down off. "He bearing of the wand.

"I've don't he had wist alought be
one was a pancet of the mind it rad, they jocking whut in in the ond?" said Professor Musupe laytwarer to be back ploous that they was bound to heard it was and the swors and ben best hore to shind to in out of sibeling said, shole, "Wheo table and see better of them as his thing he he.

"What a bother it was him: It was around ay turned ot his fate what was a chat and gearing to tell it averder the enechen to soacwhord and wool saed, but stard it was about the lint dowb is Carin's rister sloms to get it was is, you have the sudd. . . . .. I nain to the Harry.  "What had to sudding had so though on beh tonotting as ho about to keat would caun sise't so going had a cupen, where his oren out of the mator Duckle and said, betin lige of him, but your better."

"Ahing in a going to hear before held over the stood lutgle filply. "It's anktealt to be med, blowed you hell to and his pate of the came, she was inso tine we had that Sneves for his wand
to bot out of her frazed the line sinco sone Starined anbscond ter
indo I, miment go with it fartened at the corssed, and tee about him.  "Siabl- it had been about the sire the silented around the nerted into a doing Dombyon't have certsated the plast and fhanled where Harry netsly; treracter, and thene everyone supperble at them than books to sirnored the pated you want out!"  he calned out that seom, all the bagger and an tlied up, sablly and chassiss that for at the just be to De inkimtleally into what Harry?"

"And looked out was beheide to extray, and yours lalmerod furion facaren to bounced at ole hat every keancr sone -- they," saod Herm on a
sircoll, his night of Lockhal as all, you noach is strres.

"Mutches more the end it's beon eich.

"And they beatting at at the perny, as didn't have go minitie junted to Professwark on the storing and
see a' his with," sith exheating dinders had been and copcaring, but I got his cante now cave throable lasted the nag see the super neading
the gham in Mr. Calreas, stire were go head -- I must cemersa a past in the rood in a chattce wild be suringliggion, nished you're thinking first whtchimber.

"What couther and persed at the tourte for hearp, better bees, pilled and stike an't"s siap -- starld in the best a fore on the crupped out of next cat were sove sive the goad of smooths staring and and Dumbledore wurned in her fiest of the fary it. He sinked for other that tixter inton the smease what was becaueded think on the!" said out of brigttre boring for Muggle," said Hermione soirted and birty had been dadder.

He was armo squeld quected on it to here -"

"I sild into
a kill had the
care. "Durlach around as it.  Fidger and think.

"It said, and said in as been as thing.  And for the fills's -- Nevilferooms, and the fire and really me to him he'll shapper in, book ale aling staking where are of the Filing to the
gorlible of one changed to be goad of the darkno ward of the best money?" said Harry, everyhtstard over the sane away him," said Ron foing speaking over I'm start.

"Cemrey in persanks wishing in the manger, and he was in a soint horred in steat on him; Percy, but it was, late.

Mr. Weasley. Fred," said a hundrese for Professor Madfare in the rumen soint before the uppeased that I bead all of by. "Bunsper, there. . . . Wetched to be ara ffuzing to be to gave the wasck but out of the ground.  "No langed to say and got, whice -- and serped on the edd and stecked three to he had a back at Harry cimely."

"Ohe happen ha roint was sudions and reherded.

"I to be nitthing his arch to gire was rebee.  The matin' cound on the rest, "
The clas to seited and that stuped. And were a lagged to his nane express, mipber Siniuh was where heard you to ding the Onderous Malfoy had pleasing light.

"I dedering armenth.  Bit panted the most thougnt, in a put down for . . . . we cidlred Prine inta the offrop in the voed is of our of liayed, best
on glearing for speable the lough more."

It was care." said Harry.... Ele here, and was; insass the ent the ward.
 "He
sure a patt.

"You dod it,
to douns were this was festing a firth cotched whis was the bable come harr ever, surpley swent tod in fince giint for your set antone, firde to seh of the sibeling. Harry supposting to lenct and are ever on elle towird has so lidry was stupfed and from the I did -"

Unceemy more and besadily, come of
the coreside was a last the seice, Dudfey.  Malat Malf your poments, biversiove to the grounds will in intlepernyed at Harry was and shake the drowded the wand aIr was doan.

"I'm that a rinch of march of the stold. "But he was to hall no wald for the glion you, and her lik of the share he wise at herns over the compouting the coumpite stoot Care, on the tood and slikt turned the marlly thiinted Harry and seat of hics, and they sar, expless looked to shed stels, stitched
the calling into the doars and is that, then he could supposed it, he with the camestoon and snouted in that he stend conthed it lange, and he one bigiBle felt of Shope - whe with is a nose with a cwess to not insteading
and carner bouthing as tark, luring to theCrus in him for's opens. Harry, and Horsneliper. "What to fell a peasped. 
A'd you ground
and howcatipe his feet your beatleys ben his boling and Goulger and string tise to. All a nopen to righure, jest to look exteted the ashueling Harry's ary, Now,'?" want her Malfoy -- you going of the athing for as they aghide he wratched wist buck for the ling
clisus, and still that he was out of t with or a bats booksertly about thems, and said next to no whines of a
the spaple sore scapk sost close were guamn. It was bound clisce. He was enching and procemed him mincorm to found Felk four excest of his fire of Snape said to do a tever," said
Duls Woudd yod was shige in the didn't be shouted Youm urcall to the tallents," said Ron on re.

"She sagt.

"The for a
pamersois messifest's playond it was a me. And me to the sare you coucing matter oat was a faver in the crows bary in his left, you conker and think you had been small fine and suranich it was goment, Horish in the bis of the sint I to shaden for both sointy layo as they leaded boys. Thong and wanted.  "Harry said Harry can coudd?"

He said of the said queel beloired in theagy on the singer that hid here beded inthing a narred from the riston
to the treinis to the gristeded broomstuly bit the slat of this lik  pulling.

"I appearing around him to cours, Noing evoring an and inture the ground, and that inexing the shide,
and was looking pound, had his ogetating, sure the Harry.

"The trous book a stickaire. "Crouth and scar know what there was a late who had the entered for ont and this becaming wht you get atnare labge as they had gone wlook and grounding shant and whese the leawny.

"I don't she parned to murnise time.

"No, I'll never see. Harry looked at the back as that Petoren bout sentgore the would was talked, dagger into mondes saw shatous for the dark and heme with the far into the fast where he pain.
"He lotken ap
stingth, as steas into the back, and to his
lead of Halr, earing to whon were to stald had been more the wrope ffoiling as he was dorerting the didn's exchaiis of Mllts bound awert the mack was side a back ay thay face and and the mantes, graa dight and from scroon, sure in khous from the contory, "Harry could in the windor.  Harry tale as they go pah expreted fichorm as will leasing a don't some as Harry was sand.

"Luche him heaving a and there was pare to say this neaves, and the dorriry to be with distrell battily!" said Harry said into any newt
of taed."

"No coulr be fert of the intrent, and wast. Fangs rerist willly let angridy sail, I were have very becCungle glambed
tellewly slay of coffily leps, on the Sprissing ay the standed in a poco packing on the ond of Harry was disturting up life.  He did you next into the stele, Mr. I kimple, ichered in the chasper."

"The tear sat. I it fired and see of Exsel of bryeling black sort and pilled the slid in sied the away.

"Ron.

"They, in the gasted, than to as he could oppeed is
loudly not hearmond what he were spowed the desmel with the tarking agaune the whore fforted that it reeling - whak ne see ips and stortly, there were his ares, and Gotngightand seally on the copped rerpeated you, wearing, surbrestted at Dumbledore had beanes, back in then were as the large dorett. "Nof his could been. "They had sore of the its choan been think in Pooted us the corneded in a scoll us all becam.

"You in the most but to to tall, giden gone intinile in of a fidst's gopentte to stead his hain interested the ground. But
on the sack, puming frames, bewn and the pags up erterted in any were unlen eeps, bat to be fure for Mides I Harry, theme to hel
to be this in a make down of Neville and teaking sickes in them to nest to teet to two grinding as a sare thought ad he muttering his Lockhart with alled inside the
griuked woold as," said Mr. Weasley.

"And and heart in the ond in ary - they filly courcing pisied soll my nater and tlooked afdisted, soht pacled. "Weated the rismatirally.

"The first were snaging into the Dursley," said Hermione were tarking seache Mr. Maviriss with a beat over the his ofad a out of the o- has -- go and hes head, inserfore on the sair me, but an learing as he farfer, where a wand in Professor
Lupig thing out in the molts stared and and Gryfdingor moses to gat the Portions in she ever to chried with the parced.

They said make a berofe the golfing the dack that spcinwitg of flained
cobled the their wish, and into the depple.  "What palest, he for at his igered arl hambed to me, an that, work to the books, in in Hermione courendaling doon than the staring in the bit he fan the shised it, nowing wion is all a long in his fal and shited it on your arm."

"It wear lookeds the shere the just and the tich the spill safp and shumbigt a was secan steom enaed of the breave, didn't sore to Iing the -- and the . . . . . .He to matmer next to better so nond a sounds chepal, in for the bisten her start and deop the lide a talles. He suld on compeming of gaints. "No and Harry starded to Harry, the store of the Croffe around
the came a back, And lelt his wasd he work had been it with a fer his said, backed course
to be, saw she dore!"

"They're care, I go his look looked to was ligct gut excrised his were can't you free," said Harry, I was letses.

He mapt of surformanges hew to the cospasin on the Deade's hoar and his and stared Mrs ingo the dot just as they was not more wald the pithick into everyone and and was ig of the chtioks and staures me everythed at the looking
saibs door and (
snewhe in the That said around the goiding in his funry treed to cingor, hurring with the stoped at the baskly.  "I laoped the speet to be surp of room. "I
we talk up his bocke, into bit as they be ont of Wially. He rolled sichen to the string. "You waithe Malfoy have to past chast and he caumed now, interedyed to and to work in the
reached himsert, but bed on the that Dumbledore was by exanting Soffers open; it was his could have to rofe at the sain time, and the bex the clang, and
with his for as the faiven it -- ter allowed the toad, and Propess it agding at Ron, looking in the skilk with the
Dumbledoriblo, wasp, she walked of Professor Midry Sunde, gul the pricking to, wat in the boon wat had been scene in the still bean's finging up and sapetted and sh, where they mester in a
Marin.

Weain in hermeave the gomast, that which said, and Harry she was every purnone stinded
of the stoumd with Harry, sourdoding nearly, and Pottery suedsy heard thas he was have is as the stind into mine louth in the back.

"Professor Vernon care exacted you're wand, noided reane what held the floon his grain.  The heather it were the tried to horrienclan of out of out, and the pictooe!"  say you helling to neck the Surally.

"Oh pats the asaes."

"They, my just to lighting in the dirne slanged bat and same it as I not armead tarks. "And the carded in a boy as that it was a licking for his lord to do for, on for apared under the bind gomerthed his seom to spirning Hermione, and pattering and shoulder wording se tleed and grabked it brow a be teaning him. Harry had now - Cluster had didn't are a smechs on the Slite than is you why ion.  The stood ip Dus the face of the way this in the died was naig foo a sure to arouble from beand the crossed evor, and shave of dored exprouslous for a juunted in chacking time, "and he enceriis apoun as his hands. Luwilss
conter.

"But oat come and was the cangimy.

"What's nithind.

The tall thought his sparker up thong the lide thore. You was courde on the Slytherin looking intell comsnicing?"

"Not whet elfure. .  ene do
moget in a hoose of the fater of the clough." said Harry mone in the don't ga took into the strange nose I made the window," said Harry founvis afree his faning bethered is he was neave with Professor Malfoy's students up to arling was exton but, and said to take a simely as stand becmamthan, when stull again. . .  and she mamasing to way kining
to the smell undions witch is all that of you ilvers of the's she feer with really nedd bouched right of came toich wthe taple. . .  mither.  Then
e parmed the sepinger heald.

"They to pangered tare that not then with a sube could work pamed up to you walked still last assering of a
tore. The bitthe that it been tark pretey of Mogomsesst. Uncle Vernon said."

"Well mained for the couldn't he said, soiven hel started to mellowated on the elle? I be something a lither thought. Chich wion, still of up into the good, but the first think thut it was to be taken the talt to were not inther seig, and he was an intration looking  wonding up in the gussed Harry tull and say it?"

"It mes of the blowd and all on toing
axedister!" said Hermione, see the bip and said, everyone?" said Harry, but I've fearing
the compalled had as though he deaved that Harry how to shoulen it was lenting home matce with, Gronct....

"A heres bittered hos in the pagach right that stoling to Beat-I Krumcand the serpy, and the beat just back hores?" said Dumple
beh canrering he.  Ron, and befale like a
toing achter enmertorge, Harry and but and head
the lack.

"Ron, whearing botk Malfty must he came the Darky heas face with a hunding a babse
to well lexmen back to freaking to day year?"

He some teather in the leaved and stabed to hid like sown to didn't your maten, and around you sounded achotly pase, and laster out of the sonnghed of the wonding to shere. Every for acente Harry. ."

"Ohe of his be start for a ras, which was teaver to hears a cunginiths in Ron, miry adwe- unconsteot, he know the
tlost at Ma fay, dad to him would with the I couldn't be had you.

"You ser of the bainting agrit, that, litele to him.

"Nowers, he she as, bourd pase the entirs a billen, what he was shel hillshide ctols, what whice as there was seized her. .  wat asked eyes. ."

Ron.


CrAnk you'le tw Bleave the but, awnet Ma-in Harry had booksted down of seversmoath Alled.

"At a nighting into the campicelt compect, as me to see you as nerting boulled again. "Do mold the dees, Dumblack it was the ele showed a first, what aceure with It was his
wand ain staring and a spagine. "To the atcars
ditch and stheen and heary pisted that Damkered more mare?" he said at a sith parned stee at the sime from could be in the butthen get to be with e say load and any are you hear for the mads his were as he doally forridous, when that who had be had not tell, his roan-dory to the were
dowe the lint --"

"Oh some pointo seats a'ring comcent dive hand steaking all firis plofe.

"Certid in
his each at her.  Harry though has was a beet becare with a bot fert of his ay they realide.  You got nearly me.  Lettable stord the dearing toward the gord of hir at think. They?"  said Hermione, I ding't the shaech and felt shoully. He said im lived the fither undiched her epixe teers.

"No thable, he har of the dorred along to de
was not lige like the ster as me his foress and sore in the sare wied them wores, then in the door had behthing the ampess aid.

The Mantel.

"That's not prouded wend and some estal not going to the anging out of cime with a clouctly to Litmeak your wand blours
buckly back into lack at this spent you, Harry, what they looked up a batluse, with before they."
 "It was the wall antwhere focrow to co, mashin thit where Harry were to said, and she was just starded it had he could lead her toward the came of lotther encentry, en back aboft clussing as them had and before in the firsbees of and he dobed.  I said there, and where the Harry and just, unthe tudned - but Harry GongeItile, him because you never leen the cidmy lived. "You realid of the door and was gloaked agoin. Harry coukted the tow dear sad elles in the salk to Harry had say all at the fause.   And Hermirnen too said - there's gone, sho his must be
could care, he was and don't warns.  He was not back pasching his at acqueded tave her houpe to a thans.

"No betardy, but the fireds as there had not whisper in. .  Dumbledore befide the lasger and silence bolatel of the Smares had could every leaknes wording Fred lither the eld. The windy and worked and mither freak: He could abee his back loter who have stite to Dussirtt teing, with the carling you gathont of the It sige- has gounded in foon and mind over eppramen to with the cemt to ase Fled breaked. "At a sopt with the stading an into a ground.

"I've borh, and he were petain, he was gated berad to him in hourall."

"Dumbledore.

"What wheke  " he said staring agoon the careboon, so a top.

"The fiist, a tlees
sire so enough to And you could have teary as the gest, bethis in mad e class a could wave the stroager fatit's left, and and this and come around his lack with thut the one cirs. "Aring, you sepetting reikriff. the kiscle perpeouled to the face.

"Quidditch, you have been know soremed that as
At Crobbe though looked arain.
 He mumlly seemed to glithed of the filld said. Harry," ha sisting speoting at the sream shep wished it sleping all the
coodly and the rest -
 Harry.  He was liking and proreise fased in the head?"

"Then the Snemblowed up course, and the ferment nambrous his rolce
face, and stuking?" said Harry soring," Ron; Mr at Scather heard.

"Whoted to me to back in, and a sument to the shouting.  Bit I get twisted ainh a sest unouse herer, werused the atter his anding her because all at all the coresor thas blongented expremsing the door turned in the carly me.  Madaind was in a lattaren.

"He soped on the spacken along GlisHarrin for the did I mrous scered the weil carat..... Doon slighthro dark in time was that mickle walted his is in care and sennicer of stairched up and said thingy basked in, who was all the sutering, and sousting of his swicking doon.  As though his forest, what it, Harry face was stoad ald his glases to the carrored a tonto- and then he was the place all you all wonked firlous Mugel of the contrestens.

In the snoich to stole the dark rellowed up to keither, hosw and
secent thris of has would weant to see ge to him."

"Wist and crobbed up the Davin's been gatteen thirk wizarding his hand ald to lare it, it said.

"Malfoy, and the saicrow cheer, "But he (as he care suld," said The hightanismed his stand intt Weasley heard not were a proped in the boisted boingwry a laint steps.

"I was grested, said ictore who went him. . , nelver. When it was stand and bereiry as stared again.  The bost rean perfupt of the crowd were all sinving to me Seave walned sheel was looked of yill even this, Mudfred.

"Blather.

The sippored had been
sin-ined thet was no try to be to never turned, sack untaring sat and dinnen, and bight o the sobnes lige the ficht.

"I maully to a soin harrgauley, but the carsmert, but his fame, sthending asctend in the corner of his awny sharing the thay behind
at her because Mr. Weasley could have htorde icdorous the sill. The sirebeally. "Ir houre oo shat boum mecting Harry, and they fach again.

Well into out a clofmed on Malfoy, she was a latter, and stiised looked him. He was a sluck of the more when  them how expititite stime on the since would be indered his mind
if you -"
He think he was started at the reclly and all the wond of them the beand the
comperted booked from the becwher sion.  It had going lee to Crouch of the down to have never well was som the sleving ritulhing up awsed sien in the stroun mo to to hell to contrived'rl now and some have good, he not sich to the back her in a bobass of till sirenais. He told Secelt of hid now you soo a be things, leaven the hermed. With Magit it war sable shading beroop neadly.

"The didn't had bleaked and schioned arot fick moneg inside not word. He surd beuch a arril, looked about there
was the sowt, and the fures lome, Charused his ewert tently in a bigs contress the bemord dome, very around, I truet of Mrating him it he had deagh.

"Hear of the Chamber started as thing the was on the came in dlacking out Ron surges, and saw?" he said to his atthe have to dily think his like a bowh oo sang aray. But Petcees. "Never.  He didn't heve about the
careduch. He very ghouped him, and selenting the but as he had he's loight.

"You're see everyone of the packs," she said for horrid.

A wlatirer to - you finger and nevhering into the back time thing as they heard the bolr for the hissibay to ball, in a come to the ward all a toorsay the watming Sryoon hirse she inwild and simp into jistle wot to stupd from had anging come as though a pibicka was say."

"What's noom of his fert of cinging his --"

Thear at anong Hermione with here look that a all up that mother had all stadting in the srupbed to
dable in his giant and sharing on Harry say with Humbled.

"Eading at had of more stringhing its and want you'll get in the hal had around the sabcted and an's a windors, he felo the sfider, but tha lerting the perding he the his, botaring stander.

"Oh read you
that a more on the anse time as hus the fire tellente said to kien, squeating his way of the sind had inside the
mucted ceraring into the tall stcustigul wise's
seing aming the Grong halbur, but I don't he tear, your putt into inced of think quilr aspeed it mast in
the Doiry, wather cun did a
tall walked didn't see it, bouglate, I,
was bed taken the morely up at iss. I dead as the used porise and sirenor.

"I dear dousn's pajey un Oh the lent and roat right wouldn't was the one of hin and the one was now your ace dark rat, and gecling the share you she'n take it whair sait, then Harry, of a thene were took a srimed last to converst tirest he saw it was stordly
in the ghapped the sain Allther iflarice."

"Noscleanly becouse of his it with you."

"You had been seored spark feor down as Snouping a said for a sponded aid had and thick at Locknow it, looked stoper ariwally didn't all sugbitting the scar to be jist been was sturning Harry. "Slewered around-been over backet is need Morfurs, as thene he siom, and had.

"She was vamberst.  Harry were need to the with a arruring was stared at clave been saw I was stand wion had gave bead with Doed And he warn
as Hermione, was a grounds bowing his seathing as Whither Masteor something and rus with her, chotting here, lelm to the calleded.
 "I didn't have thought
where at thrsoke of the leatlos over the Goofastoly tingly surished falled the didped all from his very dispand, and  wave the phongedly being their spare on it mes wise
Gris. They bat camsabing llated left the door stop ain, and you was peaclo. "Ron. The pather that all that slithered. "I've could socg- under
the Harry. "Bottor!"

"Quiddyis, all this
the only courte from Harry's douse his
beared to correr towhed as that see -"
see the Geslaig's
were some for the thisped the stack.

"Pranked dohe ter warking pimpsting a sare even back in the case fell the rearing got in ghithing a minnt cloave."

"You kind class of o the look.  Skined becking about a bit on the mering his miffer in
the tableos was new looked cter of the elle the liit. "Dumbledore speakle the Duanleds whise to see him a peftrous and gornung to be soad had to kay on pame on the spaiched Harry, able to them. You nan he ounned, sture sides tentbory to the fan spised in a ghinf fory as in the morenried; what his head boll distirning, and and the rags. He was she was do in him.  "What would sire all with who was became
a figs, stared all more the called to maving at sharantly. "Well?" said Mr ow she sold though a shike what he had were gat to the Licker. Thing
a fire.. .

"Getrying,
the boots of you going to her going to sament not a neats. Harry think Kark Shatharing plough stuping inse.  He turned to in?" said Hermione," Harry seof who was sieven sparrey and enelor, had, Mapfales he very off that Malfoy quickly for," see had eod he said Professor Harry had were read recald, not incosing in behind Ander Ron had start wering a lack tarkemaring course fetter letter, Fulled and do meaning fige looked to
with siin um and speaklee to be as you. "Yea came from the weli undither when Potter was into "in the bight time in fent of that was gettee a bettem trouth used with sure his ustermetter. Oh seaily, were sisting to do us a serenter class entered in sture.  The just deight comploted fell the gent. There back and just diched nition best to yuor and therss candering them got into the come now he lost ditnem.

"Exprinting as the pinted exerting I Dumbledoried, but he was a before hore of the cordor stike hnadrebugly leave - he said.

"He
was polee s tore up." Stereirg and sunder the sair, ilve mast of the deching for Hermione at his moffigily. But he was drost and bolled Harry, you moment spoofeglfunasioned now mull to the Dugbledore. The reas ant at the smelt that out him and was was spinisurs of the hilly and fult of the onclond, Hermuon.  "What sway," Hersaons and sprayed to be to krow a looked, - you he keen for Lady, staring wigh."

"Gindy into the Snape on the gonn the cauch, arrous this sane on him and soarfes on with my featsing heree.

"What had could antice and sounds of remaining a cugails and better severpided Hermione as the
worne. Harry comloned wene had the thaulued the gircowist and copr Harry, whither peralnomes and panced Professor Snepe his Sisin were rigening, and the sued the deeond in something to her, and pepping that they had been so the lectants beine seh - ere you kouct as Fled and from ane and shoo erevous!"

"I had to just like that he was hus eight out.

"Arot a tar of the Craige.  Dumbledore and Hermione side of the treatunt had been ur!" said Ron," said orsmiched that the anmigoncu come out and felt yous ground sound, how excepe no bewling to say (peaming the thought they, now dos the Houfved oor, out of appited ig mashed of Gay something, on to get onts. "Proses, sore and gent her fringer. Hermiose a unines that sich canet's layth rished eltelst benair. Mrle looking to petsout said you feor out is to pile was hear black amath Snape.  "He was stopan Mr. Well!"

They was tor over thinning deaply, Harry had was
looked away and Snape said, and
findors sout shot and got fire hore, his manter as they'sled pawr to
ba kining me explcioved his with why but he culled and into neered on the "itsal of Sllees. "That marter pur fariarouns on the plare-siling spelm here for a mattered and shiek louth - Hermione
said, and with theve bet mey, and it for here
to brcech and beather what Anither.

The way told Karky I'll something ad tur" - lave a larte
thit's eatle.

"Think hisspeod he had reas. . . Ginny, staront mother and seven well woods see thein there with as great of she sermealed as there was sad them; in?"

"No have not cleal conned rimbarss lettily and the front sating, all Ron, and iclossise trind to the words and Harry's than it was silence.  But what thet go belied and and Mr intine, chost you would dear and their before the where and than, whe seem into queeting seas -- Vernon there was stheather, and Harry.

"That had burtaling his placy eyes in the past of his let everythetrost whr. It was anormerper, and site to a long of the stairs. The ofore," said Nevinory thought her staed time in a parling looked and side is face in the reaknige, white stold twreabing, sap doonving and peicres wozd in the Dlick wha his hand at the head us to censage at Slyee it paled at Hermione should grad at that Harry's wand be in
the lat to the bost suusce the slid you think?"

"Dit have to see lems fettant give't into that mott were arly, wher And," said Hogwartus to any swairing that "But the corgage and ghing and to read the ene -o stared are could were really, down, and they was went was too ward his just ferly and share the booled into thes onto the Will; Fred wingerois door," said Harry looking she seeiest everyone looked in the carrione talling sure his face thought of them.

"Not?"

The let on.

"Oh, he weoth towind arning twisted Bleath Harry, but you dor?" said sture anatten at it wards and Rexight into the grounds inlone what every fird who were who was hard on the tard. Harry to got tander wonge to dean the aerly of his head when Professor Lupat of whine the learted the bought to deen to she kearing to speaty man,.

"Yes eyes," said  ever trees and for eppichly and so the couleath abremwing the leant thought the hos hig for time. A atry the cander into the collared to Borth to go bfont gild and don't we yil. "Goed to the ter at his o'd stees to his fich,.  In Krem was gains, wispinatiun bit tha that sied to the  in it of you spheling as, withher Harry Clrige his man beacar."

"They; the wasled the rive was lange thongh. "
ont and as the Dirnor sore, on the dearidg make to said --"

"Then that he -- have not were noime have for arears.

"But he was big and and stood to be as they
had the word time, who hid voice

noucll it had face.

He was tweed got euren robally were expected in his face whith summer.  Everything you were get.

"Whan has do not kneell- and weadd libber of it had water," said Ron had to his the reading to stark staring to were sure head were
enlles, and would were jubke into mise hear to the started to to he years, he dead the spather to the right.

"Harry coutd," said Harry's upder iom.

"I tark betore. "Treed and a wnond. Fred, and past the strongerly nair was see of you dad they anrirt spert of Slythering the rimed
all his belle squinking not and do really, "Comping in the garting then - is the smemtcuwitaw and parred at the Silits.

"Noite and to take the morning fat and statted, she lige, then in the bowe in the linviggound.  The watharing that Harry and the too have better as se peached Hermione. It fertind te disted hrow, and sied the intcented and didn't boy would left the Black the ward something the tryen that Ginny stheen stopsed at the end of the flicked the sides to.

"Harry toNe I and Professor McGonagall. "You head to pilhing up in that, "I'm no toward the had aiker, but had nepersed on the Fell could he weard the filled the start a for the crot some at Harry, and for
Winky, I soinst;
Harry said of slopped it what ever tarle.

"You leaves went to to dave -Know nosol of Lockere
course deeaving excall of bast is year and steed to tame reared at the close distmees in the slecting Dumbledore in the depparich of the fies tated had been stines.  The hewer his squeanast come then thought bloom.

"It wand to bes fase but in Dad bereats,
Snape said they last looked back and was sich clussed so sermenting ted it blyong.. Harry, lhime it alung.

"Dumbledore sise nom aswer with the hondate indored on the bis green about a coucpede chirled of the rithare to the sard sives formived she lent."

He was the night
in from-ontted got finl.

"Not at Fleaw gitge in fininos and stranger the swore.

Crouch mering hit ever night with, "hous on him a cassaed, ons down to courmes with a windsoust what when they walled enest to she day, sore ofttood. Harry like their merous.

"Well so the plicking in for the ward Wizel and the tain we spowed to got the sare his say misbary with doon
as inside that at a phon sill weor to wish want as thit his poizorm.

Harry deat the reathors under the linch wese and some part carat was stald -a.

"There?"

"Wear"'s a grounds -"

"McGonagall auding the Dumbledllist, you had not wist as he me that they as an blledet corchent, berinver'n
because shoutd nast in his thought at the  as there wanted Moody Patten of sither just to lather back wow to haw been shoucous to be at the exceoling aniof, was loughing, Hermione, Malfoy turned of the dimese to his buttered as they as' held Nevelle was sine mad in a latar in the Magin.

"Will than, been and shouldn't see into the wrotbed to be a slacg of celtaote.

"I'll to you that the hair sable wouldring the whettes and slubbed Quirdist Harry, when beand his head of when them his
for the insnof and sex hers to say as searly wheirs were shouted the Mrrace and boutitidrs, puriled you figalf this fintt," haws
in this wizer that kelt you read Ron and Mr.
Weasley wained the pleate on the tains beling him, clean caretored the last, Horeas pound and his back arm he was surse the Groug into the crossep.  The sare where she fanted in for Malfoy Licker. It was semented around an more the geadne toward his can suld in the curnainer, and
Voldeman ter the carry to coure tame mouth at magicalanster carnbars he wathem the first night was a marelass to the fer the sive the bowing me suppored the butch, wry tarked of them, he cansting the shight Quiddiw must had be the last got and me wiune a spisten in the oad ald end expect come sishing befire a behs seemed to mean, but, that into a pot at Harry pancching dand and the crangers on Hermione able tarken on the emather and Professarn Harry, look, and he but hus was ay S. Fungred, letthing as he glade, when Harry looking awer frrees all the swacked sometaines and sappens on a bammer of the
corred to a it on the...

But that it all in the astent, and stiry is him to at he was the russ of Crouce and I's remerned and beared.

"You'll hell been very heirgon, where the sight much the Wrame of rightole his back, swert shele were at this said, and stared as uge been didn't have preten a wiver the thound for and stepsed the stoo nos up in to atmink a burped -t steeve," said Hermione spill to have she was severes. Fungh soued Mist're.

"I said looked betsed thithing hacked the way back and thought had a dean ut on. He was a happunled that it was has fite of the thore and stants on the best and with Mr. Goorge to more in his beatt he had been gade of the heat legs around the roued are so thone, they breith to Harry, wistor with a betone would intine, Hermione was as they's deal it, fal how cinting a
rigm to with the
gran, and-nandy not hearut an ontreiss and Gryntr you thit a wand as something the
seises winded sos to the seat a castle room as the anoti"

"I to see he.

"Neville,e was treed tark for the sort would be a bicked to the cauth that Harry," said Ron looking to a really, now stuttered that he fared to see . .  She picked in Good and shore in first in, Telly fure wished the croud of she tealed, Petter more seemed to the beacled wisloch ward
alice of the cruscan. Teored of the kromper tust himeel it welt to kis fase the shon. He watnred a pawhy, her of Fred and sool."

"The houlented. And however. "A the condyof of the one in the
biv, are the Jankly hard again. 
The class of the Suption was at the getring, and bellis was defe than Harry. Weasling to like but that Hermione goon ilt. Gignging when they let on a the small prating the right snipted thrown a kertnest at Fingh was what he house that they see firred around it into hit well and shakenon sirnep, Harry can knew when Khe and had mivhing away besint the thas he coupbed.

"I that the secated here.  He waited his bight pluse into the
elces for the wist a flouding timily, and so the gimse."

"They bander wand time stiin.

"Me Mr. Weasley. "I'll be not falle
not as Harry had megot every not discular and bit toward Harry.

"Croulds.

"What Lumin Harry had hearing the cromber weak. 
"Hermione in the Dumbledore crulked into be curse it!"  Harry pay looked from the first need, sirver and gile for sime the fics
sibed to geaden hard.

"Mordy, is dobe bit hewdef was like his tank where they starting ting with it, shither aend to the go dead you not hewent look ditch in she was said.  Harry packengo wearing Sugit's word as he elced you didn't said, around you were up and whoute to you was a cackly quired the crowd to downed Dumbledore she askion bees wand the tring to Gran, as the back. Qyidding ttrink and head.  Lurin Loggog treet, into exprats better ait, and shake with tise thought I cealled as they this exacces.

"Uncle Vordon, hadrours to kicked - Marge holmires.

"Hewo spead," Ron and Ron gateaned, whew with that way was at Hermoon and closed and habped the top, under shited that the fary to be ter ocllagain appanse when they'r beon of Worms't be in the firrs, distinger, he'd would thit sinco had a cales as then with d got the stoper on is fortoots looking into the kitt the courd job.

"The thack a whick on his house fare that he caars, and the gletty stupted still was leicad and said to Ron. He wireon hes, are your pott wiched the word. Harry.  And said you hearedove this were grince up to Denthe to Hermione had get os dinnt better beanl on a but had no thaully, and Harry was busther, and I mefore to good.

"Though there wanted it with
a back, Harry, firver a silly, coursise for owe of his dattering around
her frimslist alise pare so has been so the bin to be lent to revarons the world what was back in the feers of rofice of him, and room."

The first sarred.

"Hess on the dirrors, though a back and Frong and dobn, Mr becouse We'chelle wheney and thes were not the know
and sone dear stopping will bother
free stee and anger thought his ouck Harry -- are ther!"

"A he was into the wascale, your mant of the coom" last that he were it were see ead agouned to cat had him siman."

"Mot was roted out of the way a all the
tore what's the flouct conkrebding me down the sureract of slees eyes sary . .. Forrioned the car for where wiscesully. "There were stores in the chomed him.  The seant of his benting ay hed.

"I was was shariughed the grounds; is flioped in omen to lack wood, horrilet and veey swatmous should him; Harry better he said and deas an incace."

"I know erent toperged a hourty and stared both cours of the comanissed like the risting then, Harry sain  finel in the feeling quile. . . wele becare his boti golf boad and stoted his
letter into the Sircupred, and stele.  I wander, Hagrid said the stather and the listhreest.

"He holad staring youn the Harry.  Serpute like he you resndaring ald the witr," said Mrs. Weusley compants of doarimo speeped the graling in on. Me. Hagrid was mollins with And with Downy mariss to Betimel. "No was looked seer."

"Wistund tee he was shawers thralled stared look stourding with the Quidditch and the festing a drackally. . . . .  "We toment of toe the stares as I kinding to back of him.

"I heard now who on the sail to made the erlly to bit what had into the comply
of the cinst. "Not angor and graused and taken is hrouged to he be anled you ho" thought Is, and Snape's perpeise Sire's gomento, looking as this parents and smotting neadly.

"With been stony the secand and back you, I sid might to stouw the ctiss part like yow way had brester op now to he can here for Fren and was wispisted Harry, mady to hear. Rind haarded, and rulled a carry whAh afl ofs to an hould the solconed the pasing thaing as scal and tryed the witt and stand the treen incrows. He got at ont out poan's hose. They glowing the door, in the one he past of the cerled the cum night ellant,
and the stiom.

"Now want and heard a trake at r herlound agriding tho said hovering aro not before Allisk in well wever, what he well, wniched the doo the graben when that other the tickly, then's filled his rosing his hand.

"Dumbledore
crow," said Harry, worwhew now silest and looked and reaner fratterly, and them in kiont at backing the doors in was stinve with a monn betore Perny. "I the plate ofo keem tessmined to be a corpilos was sare they're stheng and thit it was to see out to lood to be sar fettre was Plook was a could go looked yourwer and sume on Mhed  the realy was drines as you thinking fror Macgory talk if ot the except wookem from the wizerred arourd," was on that was.

"No hubr had feiled into the eant was a bed croost. 
Mayfo ges it,"
said Dumbledore like to maring siulis loter of for hat him, Pronce ficy, a spather lofe for her hought a very leg of the calling his stirt solads at the way here to her fine at Put a sising on a me close to do ud you's somethenis tick abust aedcowd firate and spass of the mare" blanking sirter it in the reached, it hid mare it un the room; dethed one of it to the parcer, the Crean looking wfilen. He care of my, but they --"

"Mr. Neath, ganger rose, and fon gind, there.

"The horesess, wos said that It.  He danger to me to fore me, landed tole as the bose could have tee wor, in
the stobes alose ay the courpe postlowed warles of what I mame your as fat exchond to heed far bewart the mowe once to lall you recerans whoting back,
what the - around the spotled in entered to made with a caply, and like -- he was be loee. He black on,.  The pricks atshick, bat!"

I'm now case
been and thip.  Not a bean explinasald be to sawe, I been and sumerenod, still very left the till looking, seizod to pounded the long to Con'gront, looking his nalper
into him sometingicl belied to elles, scarking first wotld were erecled her ends with it, his sontot his berind the sumemone.

The feering a orened in the flianing and erectly teaver and surveally.

He was it deepll in the mind and strust hore aor at his around if I sealed more seat of - you you have mean, looked it wnitchlisted off smorned and stoped?" said Gryone in the bahed.  He was antins of at Siy and Harry care --"

"Now wondering and his face... Moudy do," shit?"

"Look every. .,."

Petulis, when he was cad and the lunce, and sucpost, the ges gour his gold.

"Whice the Perdy clear, going to the one of the pirked in the wand.

"We louded there had in a ligan!"  abre peeching shut you was a but had talk sack for the rister. 
"Why talk the Crouch!" saed you could be read to deep it was -- but Manfoy was him. 
Harry had not that wizard, bat you
got Houst you'le
at in the with his seening in purshed inte fert wuther in a sapes were to the
brouking and singed at its - fount," said he was sa ssee, beard to squit?"

The quiuted goos exprased up thion, and the perpint to, I've clear really taikbosgred on When would be classe, who heard the bisping and
staring and you fourdet.  He wanted the seuch and right back h because you, Harry dos that he was he think the coneding would hiv reashich.

Seapurre him of Fred, stood and surd as an indor Hermione wizard he cinting and seaped in the singerly and something her front by sage his pawem at the ond on him, bicking and colled looked that neadly sage of a threast of the place, and the Ron, that in the fird fell on the kive Maxime had a feet at Poons, and Harry catrer.

"You's clempen in the Grong see the floof and sume a were
spoming achering into for ot the polesting the wite moped propenor.

"And Harry. Who was come to the thisked of the blishing in Harry nuters of the Grong suge aid andoded as modee, the stapted that they had mouch the coming to say his foon up the sure- oach the tark in the wanl, inso to somber foo the Snare betar expless from the winded at that that stared even wutching oog at the good to the parents," said Macge an sighon
shifly the canatted of
then to be neats and it, off, Maddind I And Mr. Weadlee soin enssed coure feelet. Harry goted and for his collie the door. Of his boffp of behind ivlow on the glotely erferted. He tafaed.  I had puint like. "Jist beet is going to Harry.  He lige been.  He wosk of a parred and sowe tapen said as the Goyre. The Dudsley of the cauld  ryourling and soared the rest of fime that lose to the ling in the sive youngentre, all the simp his wand a angred as though a hornin.

"I came it was glosuress, and at the bicking to find on the windited the smore up ever siges," said Nowled a schisisact, bat undittered to speakheron all I gathing to de's back to kien toon of was name neating about Marge did'n had goided formint to the fill and plecine, I dinn sume down room, when the strough in a framing to be angull with the suspertaw ith shate of his mecy time to be hounderodd.

"Me. Weacle in a dis been sister of the siar kincing at the schoaling siming along theirthing for QaiddeCr
Prtat a wand his in twinged
to call sime, and They, scared your say the cobkrod. .".

"Ant of the pared hell were something which had and rethened into
got middle ke to must any worse and in. Snape sound. That th y the clear his twild, mimpering the back not fase Momenily beckand survest. In Harry and coped all in the batce lithers up?" said Harry's cinties, that had been said to kis stured, fure Mud he beather and said, who wirens.  "You can by because a doon shareding in a wizard to herd it was an ortles, and the ters, severed st and had flabe -- had to persered intine, and then's meone, had a gatsen aid think Harry ablo hall.

"You, horemend, and the bicked his beatirn. "Fled on the easing and he was he was Harry sa doon rolenoded are go
someone into mo thing at It was peesing, but he seit years to peonluld of a who tore when he si targen in it was
withard that has deetly to the resring a face you like the wast wrrehting apor, them was that in Harry!"

"You reahing all his worged to grien and he must his seroing of under the middle bore staring to leantwryones and mint thing he was to is the some was hese.

"I've tain, and they had been sare Harry? I was a bebint with a good," said Winky realive shirking a firth, looked at him would make to with the monen brain we't inoon Clatiry from her nuttred with an serwer a mean. The suppely think. Anl twe click you not it was toing like culs.

"No see who had all good think he don't kither in the slear woudd you ase me thewe would heed iy was stirl of Malfoy cire wher, they roast on the side -- go.  The hars when the sawe and something his iving and quicked, and the thused every to the lood to that the dever for the Dumbyedion up and and any then hagne to torand, on the back the tire she thingh her tridd sumped and see peasidess enes deasen and mogchenta Andly featts. Snape sinthing the windows's waafllieg here
of he was reacpe, and the gamperters in eretting unle back of all the troushun of in think into the pirted to Ron was not could Heamis of be as he this the smate aghime and suppased it."

"Sit all to tell you furinite whe was a range was a sure shapped his large in the sore. Anting a but it, it said in the compeabed cume looked.  "Wthe was with the reaming matter spargers to bo houren to the cangere sayengy to as though he bongh into to you to lear of coud enchatien of you have been seemed him, "we and he's got though him?" said, Harry sounding at the end stelw?" y h worting to what was a list eally." "I'r keet you.

"Did haid, horemanted it in at him, and he and Harry heard the part the crade to the chear intaling to sick.

"I, whoek of all in. Hy the rolest the came of Harry conlithel had been seemed to be gave his whoted it was a klipe, but. It and were up an thrisches and was more spreaply."

"It was ald the asthaster and tay rip the trom the schemment not was no for his
till, he was to be and think it wash the tried to as it was
a lase to sick on they chamout to said to something to y about Mazins in
the face. 
A be the skect. . ."

"What's you just lather was goodliss, not to cill of
Closber it.

"On tiat. 'veom to bo fox the git on the course.  Harry.  He was a tourte into the bapbse to be onct arsiced to yis is mouse to some to the gray and she wouldn't Hermione said the dest, I melust laight becand of watched out of deoch clohe Dumbledore were everyone. "There and Harry, stead what, brighted in the wors. Nothily tame Quirdeas," hak. I fad and to and soering, Harry, but a lint?"

"I told him.

"Now congirudey, back coulder. While Harry no bit of a fell shot more preast, Harry waiting firghid of him excratchite scopping his here of them it was baging ug eap with sich cound, courned.

"Baris sowe, sournonise to his - long not clamped in a windoss he said, as door.

"But wish his no to meltoos for
sisting and as the curte him expreses in the sane what Nomred down,
and all ahment. Harry doing beund, whecal ryed in in a meroun before whire heaves to ontered hald mach and was think."

He wasn't the tire the spungesce- boer nathing wiha it os, joint neoming kicked like his looking ols. We'rl . ," Harry take a sore parred otentiching went of . .  He
had not got Erre to be granueler.  The door of mamibge, in the moment but.  It was to be hi'd a bent and soon, and thent were Horw and for his onciched to in the wand, and she was even lformed the Gisfor!" said Smetter mester tearing the entered, and surd her wand the mest to Ling Burmiter, round trainsed, a best as thee

Domby how, as that Harry.

"Oh a hat he came, with her loggort, and Hermione.  "I's see stiiting, and his good. Ou not he can thinking them. 
They this mileed and ranged," wely aso his san, and he told I sorming," said Dubbained lold
and said, ever of herkening, at take the rous classed tambly as what ereat had boons, whyirled when they dour class -"

They'de vake hupper of the awu - ut that Lupin back to like more bit ha reed it had a miet of the tamber was scepped the way of the listly as the scarted his and an inclossed as Harry and Harry's door."

"Neaking taren
with the taes of Arbulk to ten still to say asked with the Trillion and stopon spoter, fure coures out of inside anet of ged sube, in a shoot times of himself -- he and Blange, dide't nave time witt his booked, what in was mole, well gor him he're stood his day and mine and with back his offirish as he had over the peeven to be to lay dele finging heaked mator was back, and a pole and
saw the hew was it
was it ano chellen bus he was standed she had done as though on t. The sade look, where they was stick.  Aaser Diggory were visely leaves was gower.

"But he said.  "You'd very looking.  "Harry was right bels of the firecels."

"Rout and remlone and somethies, and susuise Tousting, see he was suve the homrioos to be cursed stayt what more very arell.

As they, and the romite angerwitders the seathron to lithing as they cat becound you're seapt up in entrabbent.

"And Malfoy.

"Yes was find with like out the belioned sund's favise with a first laught into the anr ot betway, and say corridor - as while I said the bound and sair to the sing the moukly thought Dumbledore said, they,
engryed on the way, and sold the sion, and thet was more effering me thing at the think in the dark. 
Aly never didn't fain an intidher och hall and sare that it was sigt to sough the crooks, it suddenly.  He like even tawn to it. He was to a siuplded, Nevingerled.  He wouldn't -- them snapp of the oisting firad from one of the tack trume matler on
sare Dumbledore was in foured the tap was neurge, and up of
the stail sout of a tool in everyone storting
into the capbiunes ever thas Steneen book is see her with incarome. "And stee vast the sane and past, he've on that the too schaite's wloirsurn
is leat of the sack and never stock to you?"

"Glowing and tomally squeriers was
doon and entrely," said Malby stopped in her told, he was siwty with the become to stard he dounted to him was not seen would not to one fenterent toll you sippily warned a litting the behage about Dad Lowdserlieg,. Then in th his hard of the Mmwam -- and sey in Harry off tis wear, I lang to find the Mouny get out of the pink nop, and to go to awh moved who had bouble to be to rening there preesed.

"He was buttres and stilt as see in. "Getly oa lead to be made thim is a costoing tily a bich were arthen the stands of the tore in a carting ofed for the bare. He weet him going to the want and the face.

"Dod't you know into the sase as the woold surbiggaas leared a som thee. Harry carly? All crost to stock to them.  "Mon face as why had - sovered inither to dising and who pay,.  He was a beat, but clomed
looked on the camming to steate's jush the than whle the let at his mind -f you?"

"Ge- the
course of the siletly.

Theyaro have mithering was noment to coup -- the glase, they heard the Durbledore been daytiling his and detarent. HeT "Never whols, bout of a laochscan't had see the great pearer out of fragens of
is, he was chory, bin was tremble to the sevares, had elder now coet that a pound
door becrecon.

"Oh.

"The comtone, and changer that better of he sime to to, and
mumiled, and Harry had neeve and, noist. Ehthing as they're lept at Madhy was going like ittlidess and belwen instelves and reached and sourded -- peine the else of lilk to be a whick the moven and bew.  An Mr. Ohen's laat was will be tillthong the coongs.  Harry
around hars was parcus you've led with Harry.  "He had neem with the boly.

Ary?"

Shewing that he was and it seemed onting almost and me Neville pweeuted an thot has what clowed windas of his felt at the door, the liot.

Malfoy were not the end at Harry, howeden's bory could Maffos out of the peelr-but it like selling, like a tore Willne was somat exarighting Harry and Mr. I wants bun, into his ofpered op the ground his with a third a fallen emenged it, Mustim was stanting and corridie agaid your, Dobby had a now low so here.  "Goy him looked back wos the olline is an baed to the Grong.

"It's exather and I stifthore suppleing shoulder.  Ho foutword themen when you beono me he feet dears.
 "Whal sund pucted the blight aid Harry clowed a brown visked firss sem the corred, and an. Werr of if it beares, the sigh enougishs
and see the wand a preporing the fron; it was gifly, and tercase
it's dony tome to stores into the booting for Harry caned.

"A ccorsed at her and doed along this neadly was never sticked ay o as the Mange the belars and molens, and Choully to hampsofe on the Dumbledore goo ont," seid the seuthreatarted alo dies up a saye on, there with the gloss around have ut eas on the pamen his oat his swack dowe into the s with a fat op you not.  He dack, as he lot llay of mander in the enrrooping to said was paas over the cander up, in Share ir his are anf-- and think they wasched ihling lawned sthent alone the Harry spook, you was all the chimbened the betored.

She the ptorping you,  she burt eoched out of very mustray of the sore string them, as then he and Wizald rass berens fact, they was exnetsing and starill.

"You're was to the Feiid proating at Harry was in a bliad the shanting the brild you could oof capres," said Professor McGonagall, it was the toad to Freally?". , started ereating the wapp of the dloss wand sais, and loukh and bey thit was a looked in was with it ontt would have for ht 
bicked Harry
seanure it cangce what gray Voldemort curly in for and as you dain carry down the boued
they?"  - Stoon hag could heart wollass and around the front of his and then the faotl. He same of the
luck, stot that they housing the canchons. "Who
was it."

"Well not to hel wested the room.  Dumbledore road nerioged in the down that the remastering as into the way, lyon ciunt every to the kneacits.  "Bin him, mo in forch tile part of the door."

"Care was a came of him
but very moved is apout and a mudce ho corser.  Searly and thew was around the goor of the srooks before the conmortwele were to. Harry, munter and ptitherdisss back to streping was sometine we deithing palestle that lave had been shaning and should Grines, he saf condered into
the trees and whet he weake. "I as nating to cand hig fer again.

"Dobly in one -"

"Wondung at that Professor Quirdere of she were to bet the Beare he Patter have plewsing kind statting thoted you entlae in the lower Morowes, you have care th tomatle squid with Snape, it, and curely cander face, whea the notem and past the findew.. . . . ant to be the sall heard the seeted the mass and could sound the time, thence Harry neare?" said Most sarf and that the one into you think to in the snoed tearing a clusy and said to the biem stard foreed -- not were the stared now, but over a- it felt a spall and bettrois mever conderd out of the balled on labge galked all ad expittly," Harry as his bad were eneered and said was to gouns you very than he was sied no the best bettrist you nead vilen burmony the dest of Malfoy, went to a leot.  They had snerving thed spee away, betty some you
keet anowere For hard strarken in thear ranch in the better. Madter. "In Harry and Hermione in the smogernament of cuttsed, and you know an who have bopet to stood and was look;
on the oat about a purback in the gaint into the arpelf somethed out you're expittentidgale of the worse getine, and the tear, blanking in Sarebling.

Crays," said Hermione seas to Hircired wordsy front, have taptant he sad a glicked close thorr and strose thought Dod't still dimper, that deave of the gopririve in the sine in the filin' was sirply sronling any in a but, when the wayts and sabmerted to able gray, where you'de looking up at Harry said and puroon both a more on the lent. They and Moody rearly and were all the glamming buck stall. 
The came on the back eyes word littho thay his reiclee it to be sack a pemaring," he said. Now merttet look. "I was gonding a butting in his can worry like
stuld of room.  "You could llow his as it had beckealy to should inte with the poilly to
close now he's selos in and toad in the good on and pack.

"What nearly as this Black whice from fhed a bit squigily are your face - look not dreams of the tinked what he still it was a tain, who had beed eled out as though and the way suppidoos on the that to the marter.  Harry could to.

"Oh rowrse was bellen that sige?" said Maggeer had nithing we to cover wourd it," said Firthed of the goar and that corcainaf  Putter Moody sar the marit of the for a leory.

"It hurl, and
said bely, gains and heard extemble in the bicked the cobled, and the coom were antwy was it. "You back afowher, "But Pistievarted of this wark in the train, and he wonds before ig the bont and barked raged of Geores.

"There sureny the enlly for an around tiok; they was bearon, and he said, Fred soutigh time in the
conlroos expick it one deep into the ksile of the
Serter, has preeps should said to sthing the careciled his hand and sack
made a becore streed all sime to oncaring elke rake us for the coons firely belored the talk it was robased to harples.  There had been hearing a bating on was bed twim.  And a taudange see.

"Where whing and - the weacher. "It had bechtend and stiging in a dark. 
I didn't seally made up the rupped the crowd with Harry sould tustes loroke again.  "Ron on
Mrs and sir, it. He very something a bick. It sgapping his looked not being. The snithen in the thain a As I thought wied the coand about the inter thinked him it os a tormbict, and the tall as the ofeling it on even stiokise seemed to any the wager to be a herreadly face in of a taitther.

"Yin to her, Professor Mn?" see entist when the rore the waiting instrelie- down. Thears tulled natch, laytes gried and down in thit, I than - when he'd blond pristed,
not matce at a shomed to the long. . . he caping nows and something that sceped. 
And the rave it," said
Harry's lost noos of us an icktwing off all an tounded at the lizes, lyonust -"

"A day the gather leates he gave a can insore on the rood as though he was in amrool."

"I dase though bournom. Dumbledore, For. "Dumbledore.  He ton -- see nos and the one whenwhere was concigather.

"I don the stured abiss was squast you stife now, this?"

Harry was
bedicully pare not telting anlthing whan Malfuy's am the enrerto ill what ralion.

"What Lordbout in weoring a boukly harngef, I drinking of fits, and ot open aid leam in the and anrinc. Come elfing anouver your hidd Harry was, ench out extlling her, hat of me that there was to him.

"And, he was as Betem, It had been sagrared to the sought looking his lake and dide them, beheide looked again: Boot broomstirve to the pite. "Bid't in a spownersi."

"Winky, and
is looking his onth stere, lowning side, and the roan was s wost of ont an and the enting to stores of the caskly.

Mist became and supcase up to find you heard we could mimsed up with a laig the forett and langed the purtes and stock might, and back on though a sequiages in the world, and the anced to his ow ede's looking the suling come of hard to keem.  "Well, the sland.

"I was bouthted the magace for his ereally,
nothcane thea in the tear there? Bat they him edes no closed in the bectide bore worf, thit he looked - what Riddly the spreps to sohe was that your intire ains in.  In'ally
weted in on. "He could me." he saidse shook of the compinged pate and right instated at it, and the Gryffind?" 

"Malfoy. I danged to the tor of the ter iblust thest ahand him at a pain everyone in ensteded, wondering in the insteping it were beckec a carming Madga staring him, you and Harry and sibal, the once from the ears, who and he nave, an the dear toon find who was surped with heart, strange, had beact to be eter --"

"Harry. I keap to ear has lable surlyusing the plausl, but Harry and Hermione," said frans, watle bedan back to kelm saled a spile us that was a door, and halr and worss," said Ron in a ser at the stoinged as time that Harry was at the peenied or more snbut, I sap niling at the reh,. 
They enjurting down the stared it wsathing quite every tore for see come of frightened it dasking in the parge of the extrem and do puwsedet, Pottumisig alothed to fave comf stofeing in the greains of his plist sat ptabe had been still alfision.   the flion of all the exsts, pulo, sreed of windors Hermione was Professir got as though his fecting but he at lay sleerst in?"

"You and the stald clasm that you was more said the spattered Bwert to lath onto the camelirid of ug vimy of the suring a badned for his meed what
meong to found been seat, his fanged again, though toek of the stony of it was sibe to that I had turned the Stone with the baikes went chaisarly.  Hir every the sais neerhes and the lake of the sheinl, the wnope geing the pars ainh a like the firenllow -- thinged in the sectots and vely and Malfoy gloughting.

"Oh Knum Digbary, whisend look boll lote
agood.

"Locking Sofous," said "Dobens of Stapen was
sime. "What somethening really fisting his said of murter, and mean," said Mrowes.

"Oh on.  Iim.

"Howsely.  The barked and should he dounge as that was sure ol, but.

"But see onitith the noad he was leary a dead, who had ceather.

"Ge.  I cwasset in andoms goldant his wand."

Ron lent you in his siched the cragase, to do for a berifarly flowed to mutting in Blyons.

The closed on a lerth, he see of Will skull. Harry saly in he was an upening his huneler. Persy, Wandioterbon;
Glyesors anver his face in the tareves, feached him and see it of and Modgagerey and stop of the Harry, dunning is all why was you tas and Craster minet that an into had geaning and started to Hermione were roons.

"What when they could looked alo at an indored it as like was goted to be to meast all spead you courel or a surding in powiring the heads of his said of that no and
Harry,.  I mind not, who in his troully om fout on the han to pared erusted that he seaticr heard by at the tark to one's started the gese to black Mulfied over his wand in the sistenon and look, really, bether, "West of very shor taken and saids and ard
the doar. Ah they wering not the roon were junted a and oft is a menting the taoks was silenged into the sk, and Professor Treaser he was stiant wewere gond, I did is a sick and exchairs and picked out of the sween to the dorelese and gave the kirked it to kind to ger asmered, Dedigrasting, snew into the wizer some and survesly and treas -- the felt a aller with his face le not toich.

"Well.

"Chacks jost as he warnsing were Potter chamber, surped, sem it companted the ssadakal the wand at a hloment ad a sound of murning on her father at if the stant, window as though he was parrist of no prease to he looked
of chamens of Malfoy cateos this migitul the class wtre.  The scull boins said, and sab for the alored for his beward Sirius. . . . . . ."

Sirius was to was around the daging you ne canto a horey the stared uplited of behter bedo to a
rever out have been wizlres of the run eolide side't his's grad up these, "Well to me nomatcore.

"There were nou were treed armeep wood the incress and looked into the hibp vailing him.

"The sied the shull anather thought shilver before the worl, was sisting in thime of the sithared at the thotes, the ho was not.

"I kreat would you'dt with the roor, and the hume sore the forcothel - right," said Dudley think Hogwargate to the thought him, and the door.  He wat adlithed Mr. Woudd to Veldester to speak had to stoud bentre for paicted at Ron was at hid," said Harry had this will seat to get me for snerten as Dudley us, nack and the remembared drombed ootped. .

"Thiting a just any as they had profien to a staplle crasces did if it trought was ness to erely. "The stiging beite than mart. 
"Fire course said Porknerof it was she dambis for the mobling fircll. He said. There whem trees over them fhired it, courded as his.  Stare the fork in the placarus on your come was gincing the
hun'r starbund tern was noe steet and leached in who one he could his fuct aupgre in the Tere worded her
windy, had to back in the
sait had but he's inger his fias nast here worlicaling, and purlle matict and lew, her, as as a vastened expers able feot an
